I Find Myself Charmed
By Leenna Naidoo



Copyright 2013 Leena Naidoo
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook.  Although it is free, this book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be copied, reproduced or distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you would like to share this book, please direct your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com. Thank you for your support.


Table Of Contents:
So I’m Sitting Here
Could her life really change in one hour?
Sitting at the Wimpy at Ushaka doesn’t typically lead to such an adventure or such danger, especially not with an old crush. But how could any of this end well, especially for one as plump and clumsy as her?
The Charmer
Can you really trust a man who guarantees charm?
She had absolutely nothing to lose. With no prospects for the future, visiting the strange shop in Stromness couldn’t possibly do any harm, could it? Unless the price to be paid wasn’t just a silver coin…
Sometimes Here, Sometimes There
Did the sangoma mean he was a ‘mover and a shaker’?
An impulsive reading with a sangoma at a travel fair produces an enigmatic but emphatic message: the man she is to marry is ‘Sometimes here, sometimes there’. Was the sangoma just finding a diplomatic way to say he was nowhere? And why won’t the man behind her stop snickering?
9.8
Where does science stop and ‘magic’ begin?
With only one day before her project is to shut down, it’s no time for her to start having a nervous breakdown. Or is there more to her hallucinations than meet the eye?
Curse of the Wedding Bouquet
A step back can set you back more than just a step or two.
Based on a true story.
A Distant Love:
Where aloof and distant meet.
He was always aloof at school. She was always too distant to him, unlike his sister’s other friends. When their paths cross fifteen years later, would they be able to bridge the gap?

Coming Soon

Excerpts from other novels
So I'm Sitting Here

So I'm sitting here, outside the Wimpy at Ushaka, waiting for Marlene. She said she'd be here at 10h15 so we can make the first dolphin show. She's late, as usual. I'm drinking tea and munching a muffin – a rare treat after the deprivations of salad lunches. It's a hot, bright day for April, as promised by the ECR DJs – summer waving goodbye. There's a cool gentle breeze. Problem is, it's lifting up my sun-dress every now and again. I shift my legs, tucking in the skirt of the dress so it behaves. That's when I notice the guy. Handsome. Marlene would drool over him. I'd vaguely registered him when I'd walked in, the only other patron is an older man who seems to have fallen asleep behind his sunglasses, paper open, hands folded over his beer-boep. Handsome Guy is staring at me, making me feel uncomfortable, his eyes hidden by classic sunglasses. I'm wearing sunglasses too, but I don't think I'm as inscrutable as he. Deciding it's best to ignore him, I concentrate on that muffin, wipe away a few crumbs, sip my tea... He's coming over! He's holding out his hand, taking off his sunglasses. ''Nisha?' he asks, sure of the answer already.
It takes a moment for the penny to drop. It's his voice I recognise. He's aged a little, greying a bit. But it suits him – one of the few men who look better with age. ''Oh, my! You're Chris, right?' I stand up so abruptly I almost tip the table over. It scrapes along to hit his legs, but he's already moved back. I manage to save my cup with a clatter and a sheepish laugh, wishing I was half my size – like Marlene. 
He chuckles good-naturedly, transforming his normally stern features into carefree boyishness. ''I see you haven't changed a bit.'
I think he means to be nice. ''And you...you look great! How are you?'
''Fine. Fine. You're...waiting for someone?'
''Ja, my friend. She'll be here soon. Always running late.' My laugh sounds silly again. Now what?
His sunglasses are back on, hiding his hazel eyes. 
''May I buy you another...tea?'
''Oh, no! It's OK. Please, sit.' 
He's already beckoning the waitress over. ''Two teas, please...and another muffin. What is it?'
''Lemon-poppyseed.' I supply, relenting. 
We smile at each other. This is the closest I've come to a date in three years. I've forgotten what to do, how to behave. Small talk has deserted me. 
He speaks first. ''So how is Pravs?'
Pravina, my older glamorous, svelte sister: high powered executive – his former classmate. ''Fine. She's in London. Some conference.'
''Oh, right. The GeoSoc Convention. And you? What are you doing these days? The Arts was it? Film-making?'
''That's right. I'm a video editor.'
''For the SABC?'
''Oh, no. Mr Price.'
''That's interesting.' He's being polite. Why is he even talking to me?
''And you? Still with the university?'
''No. Consulting now. Mostly base metals – platinum and the like.'
''So you travel a lot?'
He nods. ''China, Russia, Australia. Haven't been to Canada though.' He grins. I like his grin. I hope he grins more. ''You going to Sea World?' He's smiling now.
''Ja. We're planning on seeing the first dolphin show.' I can just about hear the splash and music as the dolphins come out for their run-through or whatever. We're going to be late. I don't care. He leans forward confidentially, then leans abruptly back as the waitress starts to place our cups down with a, 'Here you go.' We shuffle things around. The waitress departs with my old pot and plate. 
''Are you also going into Sea World or just hanging out.' I try for casual small talk hoping I don't sound nosey. I expect him to say he's just waiting for his wife or girlfriend.
''Same as you. Meeting a friend. Going to see the rays.' I smile back then, realising I've been stirring the cup for too long now. He's leaning in again, faint stubble catching the sunlight. ''Nisha?'
''Hmm...?' 
''I hate to ask, but...could you do me a huge favour?' I look at him enquiringly. ''It's just that this friend of mine...well he's not the most reliable guy. He'll want to use my camera. And well, I'm not keen on it. He broke my last two, and I got some great pics of the sunrise this morning. Good enough to enter in a competition...'
I could totally understand. ''Sure! No problem. I have this friend, Camilla, she's just the same.' We grin at each other. I could get used to this. He's handing me his camera, slipping it under the table like in some conspiracy movie. 
''Sshh...Don't tell,' he says mischievously. 
I giggle back taking the camera. It's a light silvery compact. I slip it into my bag, a proper handbag, not my regular backpack that has me going through crowds like an elephant.
''You're an angel,' he says softly. My heart jumps, then thumps along like the drummer from AC/DC is playing it. I think I'm in love.
***
So it's an hour later. Marlene's standing next to me, peering short-sightedly at a parrot-fish pouting back. I'm watching a huge turtle play with a diver, but I'm really seeing Chris. He'd given me his number. I'm to message him so that we can meet up later. Marlene's thumping me.
''Do your really think I look like a ramora? Kev says I do after that Botox injection.'
I'd like to tell her she doesn't, but I hate lying even more. I open my mouth to say something tactful. It stays open. Chris is heading my way. 
''Nisha!' Marlene's thumping me again, but my whole attention is on Chris as he strides purposefully towards us. I hear someone sighing. It's me. Marlene is looking at Chris too.
''Is that the guy? Your sister's friend?' I nod. ''You didn't say he was hot!' 
I know she's going into her model pose – the one that has most guys making a beeline for her. But Chris seems oblivious. His eyes are only on me, intent. I know there's a silly blissful smile on my face, but he's not smiling. He looks focussed, ruthless even. Belatedly I realise there's something wrong. He grabs my arm. 
''Nisha, we have to go now!' His voice is low, urgent, compelling. 
''But...' I'm frowning now. 
His grip is firm, almost painful. ''No time to explain. C'mon!' He's pulling me along. I can't help but stumble after. 
''Chris! What's wrong?' 
He looks back briefly. So do I. Marlene's hobbling to keep up in her high heels, a petulant look on her face. I try to pull back, but Chris is towing me along effortlessly. Does he work out?
''Chris!' We turn a corner into the area with the rays. They always spook me. ''Chris!' My anger is apparent. ''Now just hold on a sec! Where do you think you are taking me? I can't just leave Marlene!' And I don't really know that much about you... That thought is so transparent, it's bringing him up abruptly to face me. I only just manage not to crash into him. 
''There are two men,' he's saying deliberately, ''with guns and knives. They will kill us both.' 
He hasn't released my arm. His eyes are so fierce, I almost want to take my chances with the gunmen – or the rays. One's hovering right in front of the glass wall next to us. Either Chris is right...or he's crazy. There's only one way to find out which. ''Ohkay...'' I say placatingly.
''Good!' 
Chris is towing me round the corner of the giant tank. I'm gripping my bag prepared to hit him with it and run like blazes... A familiar scream brings us up short. It's Marlene. Through the teal water, I can see her tottering in those ridiculous heels. A man is running past her, another shoving her out of the way. 
''Run!' 
I don't need any more urging. We're pelting along the tanks, dodging people – the dark ship corridors suddenly seeming crowded. There's a loud angry shout behind us. I look back, tripping. Chris stops to steady me; becoming transfixed. A big mama is shouting and hitting one of our pursuers. He looks like a real thug – gold chains, a leather jacket that looks fake (but probably isn't), and a gold tooth glinting as he grimaces. He's got a gun on the mama, but she's unfazed. She's thumping the hapless thug, still scolding him, his gun skating towards Marlene who is bending down delicately to pick it up. She takes a second or two to stomp on the other thug's foot with her heel, pull him by the hair and throw him into the glass wall. Now, Marlene's got the gun and the mama's still teaching the other one his lesson. 
''C'mon' 
We're running again out of the ship and up into the hot sunlight. Two other men are coming towards us. Chris suddenly turns to the left. Things whirl by. I'm panting trying to keep up. We're almost to the ray's tank. There's one of the men in front of us. We're heading right up to his gun! I've never had a gun pointed at me before! I'm trying to pull back away from that gun. Has Chris not seen it?
He's almost on the man, who's pulling the trigger, pushing the gun-hand up. The shot goes off in the air. A seagull drops at my feet, startling me. Chris is doing something to the man's arm, making him scream. Chris's knee goes up and his other hand comes down. The man stops screaming, and collapses. He turns to me. Here we go with the towing again. I'm glad I got a chance to catch my breath. 
The other thug catches up as we cross the bridge over the ray tank. He is pulling at my handbag. I'm hanging on, breathlessly, trying to unbalance him with my hips. Chris turns to see him. He's swinging me in a circle. The man stumbles, letting go. Chris kicks at the man's ankles, his two hands grabbing at the man's wrist. A sudden whirl from Chris sends the man flying into the rays' tank with a big splash. We're running again. I can't think, can't breathe. Chris stops at the penguin enclosure. There are two birds zooming around the tank dizzyingly. 
''Give me the camera.' His voice is commanding, but not unkind. I obey instinctively. He takes the camera, saying, ''You're an angel.' His face is coming closer. He's kissing me. It's a sweet, promising kiss. Then he's gone.
I'm collapsing on the seating, penguins staring at me. I'm feeling faint and flustered. Maybe it's the kiss. Maybe it's the heat and exhaustion. I think I'll just sit here.
***
It's two hours later. Marlene and the police have finally found me. She's so excited, talking none-stop. She and the mama are the day's heroines. The police tell me that Chris has explained everything. All I have to do is confirm that the armed men tried to rob me. They don't tell me what's going on. I'm still clueless. What was on Chris's camera? I wonder if he's going to call me.
''You know he's not going to call you. You'll never see him again.' Marlene's patting my arm, offering me some chocolate. ''But what a day!' 
I feel like crying.
***
So, it's two weeks later and I'm sitting here in the Wimpy at Ushaka. It's a cloudy, windy April day – winter saying hi. Marlene was right. Chris hasn't called. There's a handsome guy headed this way, the wind playing with his hair. I'm playing with the card that's imprinted on my brain. It arrived with some flowers. 'Nisha. Can't explain. But would love to see you again...' It's ambiguous, but... I'm hopeful. The guy feels me watching him. He's close enough to see his big smile – part relief, part happiness. I'm standing up now. 
''Nisha!' 
''Chris.' 
I drop the card. He's kissing me.

ΩΩΩ
The Charmer

Buy you lucky charms here! Blessed by holy man, holy waters and the Guardians of Light. Guaranteed to bring you great luck, health, wealth and love. Available only here! And here!
The first 'here' was a page on the website, the second, an address in the old town of Stromness. Jane had sent me the link with a little note: 'You never know! And since you're going there...' 
Yes, I was indeed going there. With a heavy bag and a heavier heart. At the age of thirty-three, I had thought that my luck had finally changed; that my time had come. I had joyously burnt all the photos of my ex-boyfriends, given up my job, packed my bags saying goodbye to my adoptive country – Australia – and grabbed the scholarship to study the stone-barrows of Orkney with both hands. I should have known better than to have burnt all bridges. Three months in and they were revoking the scholarship, having lost the endowment funds in the stock-market crash. There was just enough money left for one field-trip to Orkney. I would still need to submit a paper to the university or risk having to pay back the funding I had already received – to a now defunct scholarship fund. What the hell had the trustees been thinking? I had never felt so depressed, and that was saying something. There was nothing to go back to or fall back on. I had given up everything – everything; including my beloved beat-up old car, for this one beautiful chance. I couldn't stay in the UK for more than a month more, nor did I have any money to go home. And with no legal recourse to work... Could anyone be in a worse situation? I stared at the web-page. It was tastefully done as these things go. The charms appeared to be beautiful pieces of jewellery, not too esoteric-looking, still a little too pricey for the likes of me. Maybe they had a sale or bargain bin in the shop. It wouldn't hurt to look, would it?
The store was almost lost between a tourist shop and an organic food-seller set in a typical Orcadian old street of white-washed or grey stone buildings with black roofs. The black door looked oiled, with a shiny bronze plaque simply stating: Seller of Charms. It looked a bit ominous in the dimming light afforded by the approaching storm front. I took a deep breath knowing that the few notes stuffed in my pocket wouldn't buy me much of anything, even if I skipped every meal for a week or two. I had half-turned to go when the door opened abruptly, making me gasp. I side-stepped to allow a huge blond man in yellow oilskins and a dark beanie to walk out. He nodded to me politely as he carried on his way, leaving the door half-opened for me. Curiosity won. I pushed at the door cautiously. A long, dimly lit hall panelled in wood stretched out in front of me. It looked almost cosy with the storm approaching. I had come this far, I might as well...
The hall lead to the back of the building into a room looking like a scene out of 'The Hobbit'. Wooden book-filled shelves lined every wall lit by dim lamps that might have been candles, but were probably electric. At knee-height ran wooden cupboards with numerous doors and drawers. And in the middle stood a large worktable, half-covered by books, at which a man sat.
“Yes?” His back was still to me. His voice was pleasantly timbred and melodious. He could have made a fortune doing voice-overs for adverts. A dark, heavy cloak seemed to be covering him, but on closer inspection, it looked more like a coat. He was writing in a journal. I wondered where the computer lay, as well as all those display cases of jewellery. He shut the journal quietly and turned to me with a smile. It froze for a second as he took in my dirty jeans, scruffy boots and bedraggled anorak. The humidity had frazzled my once-tidy ponytail into rattails. “How can I help you?”
I cleared my throat nervously. His eyes were dark in that light, sitting in the most handsome face I'd ever seen. “Umm...I saw your website and...I thought... I'd have a look.” 
His intense, almost angry stare, was suffocating; my chest heavy, my breath almost in gasps. I knew then how an animal at bay feels when facing the hounds. I wanted to turn and run, but could only stand petrified, despite the commands of my brain. He stood up then, looming over me, and smiled again, not unfriendly. The sense of suffocation dissipated. 
“You seek a charm, then.” He took a step closer. I opened my mouth, half in protest, unable to think straight as the aura of energy rising from him threatened to engulf me. I turned to run. The energy eased off in response. “Let me guess. A charm for...money...and love... Yes, those are it.” 
I could only stand mutely again. Rationality began to return. Here was a good actor and a great person-reader. Obviously, my clothes screamed money-strapped and which woman wasn't seeking love in some form or the other? Now, being the great salesman that he undoubtably was, he would pull out what he would claim to be the perfect charm for me and charge me all my money, or offer an easy pay option plan – for the never to be repeated offer... Courage returned to me. I straightened my back. “Well...yes. You are very good, Mr...?”
“Yes, I know I am.” He wasn't being arrogant, just stating a fact he believed to be true. He was looking at me strangely now. “Here. Step into the light,” he instructed. “Let me see you...” 
I complied  without thinking. “I don't have much. Or any money, really. I was just...curious.” And desperate, I added to myself. His glance sharpened at that. He crossed his arms.
“You don't need my charms, Miss. You have them all of your own. Inbuilt shall we say.” His grin was almost wolfish. “I've never seen your like.”
“What are you saying?” I was confused. Why wasn't he offering me a brilliant crystal encrusted bauble? 
He walked around me as you would a sculpture at a gallery. “You are a Charmer, Miss. Full of charms of every sort...every sort.” 
His pacing around me was making me nervous. I didn't like the way the conversation was headed. I kept turning my head around to keep an eye on him. “Yes? Well, then. I guess I'd better be going.”
He stepped forward at that, his pointing finger almost touching me. “Ah! Here! I see your problem. Your charms have been inverted. A curse, you might say...” 
I almost sighed with relief. A curse! Here it came – the big sell to get rid of 'the curse'.
He turned to his table then, indicating a little stool for me to sit on. I sat down gingerly, beginning to feel a little like a patient at a dentist. What bill would he propose?
“I can sell you a charm that will soon revert your own natural ones. Guaranteed.”
Curiosity had me asking, even though I knew I was wasting my time anyway, “How much would that cost?”
He looked me up and down again. “50p. And a small favour.”
I stared at him, half in surprise, half insulted. “50p? And a 'small favour'?”
He nodded. “A piece of silver, Miss. And a small favour.”
I crossed my legs and arms, giving him my most suspicious look. “What kind of favour?”
He looked at me steadily, the warm lamps hinting at the lightness of his eyes whilst keeping them dark and unreadable. “You are a scholar – an archaeologist?” 
I nodded. It was not that hard to guess with archaeologists and geologists being the only visiting professionals likely to be wandering around the island at this time of year. 
He went on. “I seek a...bauble.”
“I'm not robbing the museum for you,” I let him know straight off. 
He smiled, amused, shaking his head. “It's in no museum I know of. This...bauble, has been hidden for centuries. Many have sought it, to no avail.”
“What bauble?”
“There is a story of a bauble, a crystal, hidden on Hoy that Snorro himself sought all his life. You would know of his house...”
“The Dwarfie Stane.”
“Aye. I seek the carbuncle he sought.”
“There's no evidence that it exists. It's just a fairytale.”
He smiled in satisfaction. “Then you'll have no trouble bringing it to me – should you come across an odd stone in that region.”
I nodded slowly. It was near my field area. I would walk around the hill it was said to be on and my favour would be done. “OK.”
“Deal.” He held out an elegant hand. I shook it a little nervously. 
A little more than five minutes later, I found myself outside the black oily door, a piece of old-looking 'parchment', probably tea-stained home-made paper with some symbols he had penned, sitting folded in my pocket. I couldn't complain – not for 50p. The paper might have cost about that, and I had taken up his time. And perhaps provided him with some amusement. Shaking my head, and the atmosphere of that room off, I glanced up at the threatening sky. I could spare the money for a cup of tea at the tea-house. It would be warmer and drier than my tent. 
The tea-house was fairly large sitting just off the harbour where passengers from the ferry could spot it easily. It wasn't very busy, just a few patrons sitting down; some sky-watching out the window, others reading. The waitress smiled at me as she put down my pot with its complementary two biscuits. I smiled back. I would have to try to make the pot last at least an hour or more till the storm passed. Picking up a biscuit, I sighed, my eye going to a couple almost hidden in a corner, holding hands, laughing and whispering to each other. The storm broke then. Thunder deafened, chasing hard on the tail of sudden, startled lightning flashes with the torrential downpour following hard on their heels. It was then, quite inexplicably, that my luck changed. Nothing happened physically. I just knew. My charms had reverted. The 'curse' or whatever had been broken by the charm and the storm...
“Miss?” I looked up to find the waitress smiling down at  me. “Would you be Nancy Done?” 
“Yes. Why?”
“There is a message for you from the Mainland. And Wilma says that you are the winner tonight. So please choose a meal from our menu.” I stared open-mouthed as she placed a small post-it note in front of me. “I recommend the Bêre Cakes and the Chicken with Basil. But take your time.” With another smile, she left. 
The message was from the university, my supervisor. Heart thumping with fear and excitement, I fished out my phone-card bought to replace my lost mobile and dialled the mainland. 
“Ah, Nancy! You'll never believe who was on the phone to me. They are interested in your theory and want a book!” A big-shot London literary agent had looked at our department page with his daughter and had loved my writing style and thesis statement. He was, even now, speaking to a publisher who might be interested. All I would need to do was write a layman's book. My career was set! I followed the angelic waitress' advice and had the Bêre Cakes with the chicken. It was the best meal I have ever had.
***
I had felt like going back to the charm-seller and thanking him, for his charm appeared to be working beautifully, but I decided it would be better if I went after looking at the hill on Hoy. Besides, he was so handsome, so enigmatic; he made me feel...uncomfortable. And curious... Two days later, I went for a walk on the hill in the fresh wind before I began my my day's work. My head was filled with happy thoughts. I would meet the agent in Glasgow in five days to sign a contract. The advance would pay for a year of study, at least. The island looked a place of light and beauty with sea-birds whirling around playfully. I almost missed it at first, my eye on the blue-green horizon. A faint glint had caught my attention. Turning to look idly for the source, I failed to locate it as a fluffy cloud passed overhead. Looking back, I took a step forward. The cloud was gone and the glint back. Retracing my steps carefully, I could see it now. The carbuncle! I stared at it for a second, blinked in disbelief, then stared again. It was larger than expected. A large crystalline mix of rutilated quartz with a hint of the smokiness associated with Scotland. It had a strange iridescence almost like opal. The strangest thing about it was the way it appeared to me; a terminal point lay half-covered by the turf, nestled against some grey shale and peat, but I could see its whole length superimposed over the turf. Not stopping to think, I used my little shovel to dig it out. It wasn't difficult; the crystal giving up its bed of turf easily – almost as if it was eager to be held by me. 
I wiped some sweat off my brow, sitting down on the turf with the crystal in my hand, the wind whipping my hair into my eyes. It felt heavy – Snorro's Carbuncle, the thing of fairytales. But the Dwarfie Stane was real enough, and so had the Earls Paul and Harald been. Besides, what were the chances of finding such an odd crystal on this very hill just around from the Dwarfie Stane itself? My charm had worked once again. The seller had not lied. So here, in my hands, lay the fabled Carbuncle of all Knowledge. My thumbs smoothed its flat, cold surface. If I asked it to, it just might tell me everything I could possibly want to know: which stocks to invest in, the lottery numbers, the future of the world and myself...Who I truly was. Where I really belonged... I wrapped it carefully in my scarf so it wouldn't scratch then tucked it carefully into my backpack.
***
“A deal is a deal.” I announced standing on the threshold of his room the next day. 
The hall had looked normal, coming in from the sunlight, but his room looked the same. His back was to me again as he scribbled in his journal. He stopped at the sound of my voice to turn around slowly and stand up. Towering over me, he should have seemed more intimidating, but strangely, he didn't. Wary was more like it. 
“I've kept my end of the deal, as promised. Sometimes the charm takes a while...”
“It hasn't this time. Here. My end of the deal.” 
He took the scarf-wrapped parcel slowly, almost cagily. Unwrapping it with care, he cast wary glances at me, which had me frowning. Why? It was almost as if he feared me... 
The crystal caught the light, making him gasp.“You've...!” Then in a different voice. “And you've brought it to me...” He stared at me with wonder. I shrugged. “You know its power. Knowledge unlimited.” I nodded. He turned it this way and that on my grubby woollen scarf, admiring it. “Yet you still brought it to me.” He caught my eye again. 
I held his gaze. “A deal's a deal, Mr... Your charm seems to be working beautifully. I had to thank you.” 
His smile was sardonic. “Yes, it's working beautifully, my charm. And your charm...”
I frowned not quite understanding the meaning behind his words. “Yes, well. Thank you again. I'd better be going. I have lots to do.” He was wrapping up the carbuncle again. I turned to leave. 
“Wait!” He held out the wrapped carbuncle to me. I stared at him in incomprehension. “You'd best put it back where you found it, Miss.”
“But...” 
He took a step forward, gesturing that I should take it. “This is beautiful. I thank you for bringing it to me. Your indulging my wish to see it. To confirm that such a thing exists in this magically-poverty-stricken world... But I cannot keep it. And would advise you not to, either.”
“I know. Its knowledge would be...” 
“...a curse,” he completed for me. “Even greater than the one you laboured under. So it is best put away again.”
I nodded. “I agree.” 
He took another step closer. I accepted the crystal, stuffing it into my bag. 
“I thank you for your honesty and integrity. It is not often that I meet such as you. To give up so much, on the word of a deal...”
“Yeah, well. It was nice meeting you.”
“And you.” Standing almost in the hall, his eyes looked silver. Uncertain. His aura of magic and enigma seemed to have deserted him leaving only an extremely handsome, vulnerable-looking man.   “Eerm...I was...wondering...That is...I thought maybe...” He looked down at his feet for inspiration. Then, “You'll be leaving soon?”
“Yes.”
“But you'll be back...to the island, I mean?”
“Definitely.”
“Then, even if you weren't, I would...that is...would you...?”
“Yes?”
“I'm really not used to doing this. I've never...” For some reason he was blushing, long eyelashes fluttering. 
I stared at him, mesmerised, managing to mutter, “Yes?” through some amusement and excitement. Was he really trying to flirt with me – asking me out?
He took a deep breath, looking me in the eye. “Would you have dinner, or...tea, with me. I...I find myself charmed by you...It's almost inexplicable...” He ended at a loss.
I laughed with delight and relief, “Sure, I'd love to.”

ΩΩΩ
Sometimes Here, Sometimes There

I had decided, on the spur of the moment, to see the sangoma at the Kingdom of Zulu Exhibit. Amidst the travel enthusiastic crowd, the little replica hut stoep was an oasis of calm. The burly Zulu squatting at his consultation finally thanked the pretty young sangoma and left. I was greeted, at first, with some consternation. The handsome impi who had been watching us, ran over. He offered to act as translator with a respectful smile to the sangoma and a flirty smile at me. I smiled and thanked him then attempted to squat on the grass mat like the person before me. The sangoma, smiling shyly, indicated a box with some green and brown notes. 
''Put R40 for the ancestors, sister,' instructed my guide. I did so hesitantly, then we were ready to begin. 
''You must think about what you want to know.'
''OK,' I said, closing my eyes and silently asking the all important question: When am I going to get married?
A few seconds later, I jerked my eyes open to the smell of smoke and the shifting of booted feet behind me. It seemed that the next patron had arrived. The impatient clearing of the throat told me it was a male. This being my first ever visit to a sangoma, I was not about to be rushed by anyone. So I watched as the pretty sangoma moved the wisps of grass she had lit, shaking a bottle with multi-coloured string wound around it, chanting all the while. Then she began to speak. My helpful guide translated. 
''You come from a good family. You have a good job and respect. Things will go well. There is no need for fear in the future...'
I nodded to the sangoma in confirmation and acknowledgement, waiting for her to continue to the answer I was seeking.
''You will be a good mother. A boy – strong and handsome – and a girl; clever, who looks like you...'
I leant forward in anticipation, sensing that the all important bit was approaching. Behind me, I was vaguely aware of a sharp, impolite cough and more shifting of feet accompanied by a slight tapping.
''You are being courted by a man who will marry you.' 
I tilted my head in confusion, then shook it. ''No. I'm not being courted.' The sangoma looked at me then questioningly at my interpreter. He fired a question at her. She answered in a short sentence. 
''You are definitely being courted,' he insisted. 
I shook my head smiling, ''No, I quite sure I'm not.'
He stared at me in disbelief. Behind me, there was a little snicker. We ignored it. My interpreter launched into a long discussion, which often sounded like an argument, with the sangoma. She went through her ritual again. Then the discussion continued, now with amused looks in my direction from both of them. The impatient guy behind me shuffled more and more. And I sat there puzzled, frantically trying to figure out if, indeed, anyone was courting me. Knowing too, that the sangoma and interpreter (and probably the eavesdropper behind me) all thought that I was too stupid to know just when I was being courted....
Eventually the discussion came to an end. ''The ancestors say that you are definitely being courted and will be getting married to a man who is sometimes here and sometimes there.'
''Where's there?'
The interpreter looked again to the sangoma with a short question. She shrugged regretfully, opening her tin. ''The ancestors do not say anymore.' The sangoma offered me my money back as the interpreter explained, ''She cannot take your money as she has not answered your question.'
I dithered a bit, unsure of what was the right thing to do. I didn't want to offend the sangoma. A particularly loud clearing of the throat behind me spurred me on. I took the R40 I had put in. 
''I'd like to buy the sangoma a cup or tea or something.' I told the interpreter, knowing that it would be the right thing to do, having taken up her (and the ancestors) time and energy. He quickly translated. The sangoma smiled a happy acceptance and requested a bottle of Coke.
I got up on creaky, strained knees, nodded almost bowing, taking my leave of the sangoma and interpreter. And bumped into a broad chest. I looked up, frowning, into green long-lashed eyes made more startling by the dark hair falling onto them. A murmur of an apology escaped my lips. He gave me a cool once over. Feeling rather flustered and irritated with myself, I went to the kiosk. Having gotten two buddy bottles, I hurried back to the sangoma and interpreter. Green-eyed guy was sitting there talking to them in a soft, mellow Scots burr. I hesitated, but the interpreter had seen me. I stepped forward, handing the gifts over with a bit of a bow. I lost my balance, and much to everyone's amusement, found myself falling into green-eyed guy's lap. I struggled to get up, having first to clutch at his strong arms, then his chest, and eventually at his neck to achieve it. He did not even try to help, seeming quite happy to have me squirming all over him. Amidst the good-natured laughter, I rushed off flushing furiously, hoping never to lay eyes on green-eyed guy again!
***
I was consoling myself with a hot chocolate and some slap chips half an hour later when I became aware of a presence looming over me. It was green-eyed guy.
''Mind if I sit here?'
I was about to protest, but he had already sat himself down with coffee and mini doughnuts. He smiled, capturing my gaze. I tried not to let my sudden breathing difficulty show. He was lovely to look at, lovely to hold. But I was far from sold... I began to gather my stuff to leave. 
''You always this tense?'
''You always this rude?' I shot back. 
He look surprised. ''Was I being rude?'
I gave him my best disapproving look, starting to get up.
''No wonder you can't get married,' he said thoughtfully.
''What?'
''I said, no wonder you can't get married if you're always so touchy.' I just stared, unable to believed he had actually said that! He went on, ''If you ask me...,'
''But I didn't!' I retorted angrily.
He smiled that smile again. ''She said you'd be this way.'
''What? Who?'
He flicked his long lashes towards the Zulu Exhibit. Realisation dawned. Of all the dirty tricks to pull! My mouth was hanging open. I shut it firmly, swiped at him with my bag and stalked off.
''Hey!' he protested, following at a wary distance, his voice urgent. ''Look. I think you're absolutely gorgeous. Just perfect for me. I haven't been able to think about anything else but you since I watched you walk in here. All I'm asking for is a chance that you consider having those kids with me...'
I swung around intent on swiping him harder this time – and was disarmed by his endearing expression. He was looking at me from under those eyelashes imploringly with such vulnerable intensity - like he was wishing for the most important thing in his life... Maybe he was being sincere. Who in their right mind would use such a line anyway? I considered him thoughtfully. His expression did not change much – still that vulnerable, sincere look - now with a hint of hope. 
''Just give me an hour of your time. That's all I ask...' His eyes were brilliant. They would mesmerise you if you weren't careful.
I nodded slowly. ''Fine. An hour,' I agreed, setting off purposely in the direction of the Free State Exhibit. 
He walked easily alongside. ''I'm Grant.' He had stuck a hand out in front of me so that I either had to take it or walk into it.
''Jennifer,' I replied, taking the hand for a brief shake. It was a firm dry handshake that sent an inexplicable thrill through my body. Much to my annoyance, I found myself flushing again. 
His eyes sparkled down at me. ''You believe in True Love?' He was still holding onto my hand even though I was trying my best to withdraw it.
''Not anymore,' I declared, finally retrieving my hand.
''Why not?' I did not answer, preferring instead to pick up a brochure or two. He continued, ''I believe in True Love. In waiting for and seeking The One...'
''The problem,' I eventually said, with reluctance, ''is that The One might not be seeking or waiting for you.'
''There speaks the voice of experience.'
I turned to face him. ''It works in theory, but not in actuality for most people.'
''We don't have to be most people.' He had folded his arms to stand in a wide stance, that smug look creeping back. So was that smile. 
''Oh? And you think I'm The One for you?' I had never done sarcasm better.
''Definitely.' His smile was beginning to get quite wicked again.
''And what makes you think that?' I found that I had mirrored his stance without meaning too. I flicked my hair unconsciously.
''My grandmother told me. And the sangoma confirmed it.'
''Your grandmother?' We sidestepped in unison to allow a large group to pass by.
''My grandmother. She's a witch,' he grinned, ''...And I've dreamt of you...many times.'
There was that annoying flush again. I cleared my throat. ''You a witch too?'
He shook his head. ''Just psychic. It runs in the family.'
I gave him a doubtful look. He was strange, but fascinating. Some part of me seemed to understand or recognise him. ''Don't think I want psychic children,' I confessed.
He smiled a little sadly, then changed the topic. ''So what is it that you do, Jennifer?'
I liked the way he said my name, rolling the 'r', almost like he was savouring it. It took a moment to get my thoughts back in order. ''I'm in HR. And you?'
''I buy travel packages for our travel company.'
''Oh. You must travel a lot then?'
''Aye. Have to make sure our customers are getting the best deals, services and amenities. I take every package deal that we offer and iron out the kinks that I find.'
A man who is sometimes here and sometimes there...He was grinning that grin again. I knew that he knew what I was thinking. This was getting too weird! 
''I have to go.' I walked away again, but he strode up to stroll alongside. 
''The hour's not up yet,' he chided gently. 
I looked at my watch. He was right. Again. I did not mind as much as I thought I would. I slowed down. ''OK Now what?' We turned down a corner heading for the Pacific Area.
''Tell me what your ideal holiday is. Is it the Arctic Circle Cruise?'
I stopped dead. ''Are you reading my mind again?'
''No,' he laughed, pointing to the Arctic Cruise brochure I had picked up before going to the sangoma. 
I grinned back. ''Ja, I've always dreamt of going on one. Especially the ice-breakers. And what's yours?'
''The same.'
''No, seriously?'
''Seriously,' he smiled, ''I have a thing about polar bears.'
''Really? I have a thing for ice floes!' We grinned at each other – two soul-mates finally finding each other. He leant in to kiss me. Our lips met faster than I thought. I had leant in too without realising it. The kiss was gentle and blissful until, ''Ai sies man! Get a room!' interrupted some tannie.
''Or a house.' Grant suggested with a soft smile.
I smiled back. ''With four rooms and a nursery...'
We laughed.
***
We were married six months later on board a Norwegian ice-breaker heading for Thule. We had polar bears playing in the background and hopped across some ice floes for luck. None broke. An excellent sign, so said Grant's green-eyed grandmother. You could almost see the ancestors laughing behind her.

ΩΩΩ
9.8

Jo stood in the control room trying to hold back tears of frustration and exhaustion. She had spent the whole weekend in Durban, joining the extended family for yet another younger cousin's wedding – inevitably made to feel like a failure for never having gotten married despite being a physicist with the CSIR. She had missed her flight over the drama of her grandmother having an apparent heart-attack once again, which, as usual, turned out to be an acute case of indigestion. Forced to take the morning's Red Eye flight into OR Tambo, she then had to battle with the hellish N1 traffic, made worst by the thunderstorms, to get to Pretoria where she was based. The last thing she needed was her boss to tell her she was a failure too. 
“I'm sorry, Jo, but the funding's gone. You know how the sponsors are about results.”
“But it's clean electricity that we are trying to produce here! It's vital for the world!”
“I know, I know. But there's nothing I can do. And Eskom is cutting the power to the accelerator. They say they can't cope with the load when we turn it on.” Sib's look was almost as disappointed as hers. “I'm really sorry. We all feel the same way. Take a holiday, Jo. Go to Mauritius. Have some fun. I'll see what projects I can transfer you to.” 
He patted her shoulder, leaving her alone to mourn five years of work. The particle accelerator stood in the bright winter sunlight glinting at her. She slumped into a chair, staring unseeingly at the simple-looking elevated ring. It was small and old by world standards, but sufficient for their work. She knew they were so close to finding the key to the project. A few more weeks and they would have cracked it. Just a few more weeks... All she had was a few hours. She let the despair wash over her, sobbing like she hadn't done since was a teenager.
Thulani opened the door slowly. “Jo? Jo, are you OK?” 
She sat up straight, wiping away the tears and snot with her sleeve before turning to face him, willing her voice to sound normal. “Hmm..Ja.”
“I'm sorry, man.” Thulani still hung back in the doorway, his hand on the handle as Jo nodded. “Look, I've been on to Eskom. They said they'll can give us power for two more runs this morning.”
“That's good,” Jo snuffled into a tissue. “That's really good.” 
He studied her a moment with that gentle concern of his. “They said you can run the first one in 30 minutes, and the last one at 3pm. I'll let the others know.”
“Thanks, Thulani.” She smiled wanly at him, “You're a star.”
“Ja, a real shiner!” He grinned back with a bit of his usual humour, and left her to it.
Half an hour later Thulani, Jody, Carol and Cheryl sat at their stations monitoring and recording all data. It was almost time to go. 
“One last diagnostics check.” Jo wanted everything to be perfect. She needed the best data she could glean from these last two runs. It was the only thing that was keeping her together – the hope that she could solve things from the data she got today. 
“A-ok with me,” called Jody. 
“All systems up,” added Carol.
“Fine over here,” sang Cheryl at the recorders. 
“Er...Jo. There's a bit of a glitch here.” 
Jo was immediately at Thulani's side. “Where?”
“Main power feed.”
“Call Tech. Eskom's feeding through in two minutes!”
“Tech's off. John's on leave and Albert's sick.”
Jo swore, her hopes draining away. There was only one thing she could do. “Keep the feed open.” She was already out the door before the other's could react, running to the accelerator with a fair idea of the cause of the problem. It was a common enough occurrence, much to Tech's disgust.
Jo had just opened the power-box when it happened. Eskom came through early. The surge threw her a few of metres back, knocking the breath out of her. Jo gasped, sitting up, looking a bit frazzled but unhurt. Before her stood a man. He was handsome and vaguely familiar. “Who are you? You shouldn't be here!” Jo burst out at him irrationally paranoid. Was he trying to harm the accelerator?
“Calm down. I'm you.”
“But you're a man!”
“I'm an aspect of you – your animus – or if you prefer, a fraction of you!” he smiled. 
“Don't give me all that esoteric crap! I'm calling security.”
“Yes, whatever. Look there's something you need to do. You need to try a different particle, a...”
“Are you trying to tell me how to do my job?” Jo could not believe it.
“No, I'm trying to give you the answers you already know. Now listen, you need to put salt...”
“You are trying to tell me how to do my job! You arrogant little...” Jo found herself at a loss for words. “Just who do you think you are?”
“I told you. I'm you!”
“You're insane!”
“Jo! There isn't much time.” His voice was commanding. “Use salt particles. It will catalyst the energy you need. Then...”
“Salt particles? Why salt particles?”
“Just listen! Use the salt, but you'll need containment and good storage. The best thing to...” He disappeared.
Jo stared open-mouthed. He had just blinked out of existence. In front of her, the accelerator was just winding down. Thulani, followed by the others, was racing towards her. 
“Jo! You OK?” Thulani was first to reach her, helping her stand up shakily, worry all over his face. The others crowded around them. 
“How much salt do we have?” asked Jo in a daze.
***
Sib was on the phone again, pleading with Eskom for another run, with the morning's one being such a wash-out. Jo and the rest waited tensely in the control-room, watching Sib on the phone talking with his free hand, the other holding his phone to his ear, his face animated. 
“You sure about this, Jo? I mean, salt?” Jody, ever the voice of reason, was looking askance at her.
It was Thulani who answered, “Why not, man? We've never tried it before. No-one has.” He seemed as desperate as Jo to get it right.
“Hey guys! Look at this!” Cheryl called from her workstation; surfing the net. “Says here that salt particles in an accelerator (looks like it's in the States) were stretched as nanoparticles into wires over 20m long!” She turned around, excitement written all over her face. “And the only reason we know this, is because someone thought to look! If we don't do this, we'll never know...” Struck by her own profundity, Cheryl shook her head and turned back to her computer, assuming her normal pragmatism. “I think we should give salt a try. We don't know it won't work until we do.”
“I'm with you, guys.” Carol was nodding her head.
“Then let's do it,” Jo's voice was strong. “And do it right. Even if we only get the one chance.” Jo found she staring at her bitten nails. 
“Cool,” agreed Jody. “Let's see what happens.”
All heads turned to Sib as he came through the door. “Eskom can give us a two minute feed in an hour and 40 minutes, and a final feed at 3pm.” He shrugged in apology. “Then that's it. Game over.” The team broke out in spontaneous applause.
Jo grinned. “You're the best, Sib. It's probably all we need for now.”
Sib grinned back, a little sad. He was going to miss them.
***
The next hour and forty minutes passed in a whirl of preparation and excitement, each infecting the other with an optimism that had long since been lost. Salt sparkled in the Highveld late morning sun, perhaps more in superstition than from any obvious scientific principle, it seemed. It was sprinkled most liberally in and around the target point where the particles would collide with each other and the wall of the accelerator ring. And then it was time to go.
There were no glitches this time. Jo watched the monitors with an eagle eye as the salt particles were released into the accelerator. She found that she was biting her nails again as the particles picked up speed on the second pass. Two more passes before they would be sent to the target point. The control-room had never been so quiet. Sib had joined them, watching with interest. There was a beep to signal the path of the particle beam being changed to hit the target point. Jo took a huge painful breath. The moment of truth had arrived. The air around the accelerator started to glow in blues and greens as if it was encased in paua shell. The numbers on the electric output meter went wild, accompanied by the smell of ionised air, with static crackling everywhere like St Elmo's fire, to be quickly followed by a hollow boom from the accelerator. Then a power surge; plunging the control room into dimness. 
Sib was the first to break the confounded silence. “Well, I'll be..!” 
Almost on cue, the phones started to ring. Sib rushed off to answer his phone as the lights slowly flickered on with the generators kicking in. 
Thulani caught Jo's stunned eye, jubilantly. “We did it! We did it, man!”
“Wooohooo!” shrieked Carol, spinning happily in her chair, hands flung up.
“Unbelievably awesome!” Jody was leaning over Cheryl's arm as transfixed as she.
Jo was trying to breathe, her chest heaving with emotion, still not quite trusting that it had worked. “What have we got?” She moved to peer over Cheryl's shoulder, the other's crowding around her. The readout was flashing confidently back at them: 9.8.
“That is megawatts, right?” Carol needed to double check, not quite believing her eyes. Cheryl could only nod mutely.
“9.8 megawatts!” chorus Jo and Carol. Pandemonium erupted in the control room. It was enough electricity to run a small city like Bloem or Kimberley. 
Sib was back. “Guys, Eskom want to know what we did. Whatever it was, it blew their substation. Lynnwood to Hercules are without power. 
As one, the team pointed to the readout, “Look, Sib! We did it!” Jo and Thulani moved out of the way so he could see the readout. 
Sib glanced, blinked, then stared a couple of moments. He patted Jo on the shoulder. “Well done. I'll just go call the sponsors and Eskom. Doesn't look like they'll be giving us that 3pm feed.” He started to leave, then stopped, turning back. “Where'd all that power go? The substation?” 
“Guess so,” hazarded Jo, remembering that the guy – her messenger – had tried to warn her about containment.
“So the next step is containment and storage, eh?” Sib was as quick as ever. They all nodded. Sib grinned – a big, proud, happy grin. “I know just the guy. We can all share in the Noble on this one. Join Madiba for their next dinner, eh?” He did a happy shuffle out the room.
“Now what?” Jody was swinging on his chair loosely, smiling. 
“There's work to do.” Jo was sounding more like herself. “Wanna bet Sib gets us that 3pm feed. His powers of sweet talk are the stuff of legends. Should have been in advertising.”
“Ja, I know. I'm looking forward to that dinner already,” remarked Thulani.
Jo still felt dazed, realising her life had just taken a new path. Her phone rang. It was her mother.
“Joleyn? Why didn't you call? I've been so worried. And Aunty Kamala from Karawastan wants you to meet this nice boy.”
“Ma, I've just generated enough power to run Lesotho!”
“Ja, but that won't get you married, lovey. Now this boy's from a nice family in Maritzburg. Bit far for you, but...” 
Jo smiled happily, letting her mother prattle on. It didn't matter anymore. Her destiny was greater than anything her mother had wanted for her. Who knew what other secrets her guy-self, or higher self or whatever, had still to impart to her. There was no telling what her future now held. All she knew was that it was a whole lot brighter. By 9.8 megawatts, to be precise. 

ΩΩΩ
The Curse of the Wedding Bouquet

I don't often go to weddings. It's not that I don't really like them...it's just that...well, they can be so melodramatic! And all that time and money spent seems such a waste. Not that I haven't dreamt of my own. I mean, which female (old or young) doesn't look hopefully at a bridal boutique shop-front. All those gorgeous dresses and bouquets... But it's just my luck to have been cursed by a bouquet! It happened eleven years ago. I wasn't the only one...and we probably brought in on ourselves.
It was at Janet's wedding that we cursed ourselves. She had been a workmate and close friend. We had been part of a strange bunch of misfits back then, in Johannesburg. Night-shifters and studio staff tend to be so: independent, different, fiercely protective of identity or desperately searching for one. Except for Janet. She and Martin had been going out since high school and now that he had a good steady job, the lure of the white dress and tux had proved to be too strong. She was four years younger than me. I didn't know if I envied her or pitied her.
It was a gorgeous poolside wedding, small and intimate on a perfect October afternoon. Janet was radiant. All us night-owls had been invited. She hadn't much family, just her parents and sister and us. You could spot us night owls immediately. We all wore sunglasses and dresses (except for Zee who was lesbian). 
It seemed the perfect wedding ceremony with decently short speeches marred only by a semi-drunk speech by the groom's father who mentioned the fact that he was glad that none of his children had turned out to be gay. Zee had snickered as we all shifted uncomfortably. Janet had frowned. Then had come the throwing of the bouquet.
Now this is the part I've always felt ambivalent about. All us single, hopeful females have to push and shove and scramble for this blessing, abandoning our dignity for this public display of a wish that will miraculously be fulfilled – but only if you catch the bouquet. Then you can look smugly at the losers and feign pity for those less fortunate, who now have to wait and pray that they get invited to another wedding in order to have their wish fulfilled.
So there we stood, that beautiful October afternoon, six of us night-owls along with Janet's sister and Martin's little 6-year old niece (the only child present) who had insisted on taking part in this game. Zee was trying not to laugh, but stood protectively close to Kim, her partner, anyway. I stood there bemused. I'd never been in the running to catch a bouquet before, my culture's approach to marriage wish fulfilment being rather more direct – either one parent approached the other after seeing you decked out in your shimmering sari, or you went to the temple and petitioned the gods for a good marriage soon. I was half excited, half apprehensive. Should I catch it? Did I really want to get married that much? After all, I was only twenty-five with the whole world to explore, people to meet, things to do... Did catching the bouquet mean you had to get married next from all the other singles in the running? 
Janet turned away from us, grinning. “You ready?” she called.
“Ready,” we assured her, standing in a ragged line, Janet's sister and the little girl at the front.
“Alright, here it comes!” Her arm swung. The pretty little bouquet flew in an arc. Tinted a blushing pink by the late afternoon light, it began it's descent to us. Janet's sister bounced on her feet like a tennis player. The little girl squealed in excitement. And in uncanny unison, all us night-owls took one step...back.
The bouquet hit the empty ground, bouncing once on the grass. The little girl and Janet's sister dived. The little girl stood up first, holding the bouquet victoriously. There was a moment of stunned silence. Then: “Give it to her,” all the attached ladies were saying, removing the precious bouquet from the little girl's hand and presenting it to Janet's happy sister. All us night-owls tried not catch each other's eyes, shaking with guilty conspirational mirth. 
“Well....!” It was Zee who had said it. Well indeed!
*** 
None of us six have been married since. We have all hoped for that perfect partner, someone to share our lives with, but that's all it remains – a wish. As I said before, I don't go to many weddings. The last one I've been to (three years ago) had just two of us singles. I knew that Karen desperately wanted to get married even though we all knew that her boyfriend was a no-good scaly rat! And as that bouquet flew through the air towards us two, I was once again paralysed by the thoughts: Did I really want to get married? What if it holds me back from my dreams? What if I only thought I was ready for marriage, but wasn't really? Karen dived forwards, making a beautiful, easy catch. Beaming, she held the bouquet close, then encouraged her sister to throw it again: “So we both can get married soon.” I caught the bouquet awkwardly, certain that it didn't count if thrown a second time. Last year, Karen got married, having broken up with the no-good scaly rat more than two years ago. She had almost immediately met and fell in love with the perfect guy for her.
***
So here I am, one of six, with bouquet throwing wedding invites getting as rare as non-hail damaged cars in Johannesburg... I have this crazy plan of gate-crushing a wedding, catching the bouquet and fleeing with the prize before anyone else can react. I've even considered special training for 'Operation Get Bouquet'. It's such a tempting thought, but I doubt I shall be able to escape the wrath of the legitimate bouquet-catchers. There's bound to be someone quicker and then there's the aggressive ones that steal it out of your hands... So all I can really do is hope, and pray, that I'll be invited to a wedding where I'll be able to successfully lay my hands on that prize bouquet. At a geriatric wedding, perhaps...one day...
*Names have been changed

ΩΩΩ
A Distant Love

Godzilla stood, as always – alone, aloof, commanding. Even the two old ladies in front of me were giving him the eye. I couldn’t blame them. He hadn’t changed that much since school except now he wore a long, black leather coat instead of a school blazer and had swapped his school shirt and tie for a black polo neck. His jeans were black too (almost the colour of his hair), making him look even taller than he really was. One thing had change since school – unbelievably, he looked even more gorgeous – and he knew it!
The line at the boarding gate started to move slowly. I automatically shuffled up, arms full of coat and duty-free books and CDs. I wondered what Godzilla was doing here at Heathrow. Was he visiting or did he live here, returning home like me? Was he married? Would he remember me? I doubted it. He had been a senior and I, along with his sister Anna, had been the first year juniors. He had never once deigned to look at me, much less speak to me at school.
Everyone, it seemed, was in love with Godzilla. Girls, juniors and seniors, followed as unobtrusively and worshipfully as they could as he led his entourage across the quad. Teachers smiled and greeted him like an old friend while he made an almost human response to them. Boys wanted to be him, or be like him or just be liked by him. And I stood and watched, trying to figure out whether I actually liked him or not as the news reached the Quad that Godzilla had changed into his sports kit; emptying the quad in almost the blink of an eye. Anna would nudge me out of my reverie and make some laughing remark about her brother. I’d laugh with her until Mouse and Kieran strolled by – Kieran with a friendly greeting, Mouse with a benign smile. Anna would greet them back, used to her big brother's friends while I’d blush and be silent. I wasn’t used to non-related males speaking to me.
A smiling hostess greeted me, took my boarding pass and said something. I nodded in non-comprehension and dutifully set off after Godzilla and the two old ladies. “Snap out of it, girl. You’re not in school anymore,” I scolded myself, walking a bit quicker – deciding to ignore Godzilla and any other distractions on the flight home. I had a book to complete.
The fates have a strange sense of humour; I discovered less than three minutes later when the host directed me to my seat – the window with Godzilla on the aisle. I stopped at his boots, smiled a sickly smile, showed him my pass (like some kind of talisman) and squeaked, “That’s me.” He grunted and slid off up the aisle (not a man of many words, our Godzilla) and stood by as I struggled my bags and coat into the overhead luggage bin, fumbled my travelling scarf, my book and my water, and finally dropped onto my seat. I quickly rescued my water bottle, which had escaped and rolled to a rest against his boots, avoiding his no doubt disdainful look.
I had nicknamed him Godzilla for what seemed to be perfectly logical and clever reasons for a 14- year old. Godzilla = God + Zilla. God because he looked like a Greek God of love and Zilla because he was said to strike terror into the hearts of lesser seniors and juniors with a mere glance – that and, from my careful observations, the apparent lack of personality.
I tried to settle into my seat, then grabbed the in-flight mag and riffled through the entertainment section. Just my luck if they were screening Godzilla the movie on this flight. I remembered watching the movie with huge enjoyment and wondering how the monster’s jaw had looked so like my own Godzilla’s one. He shifted beside me. It took all of my will power not to look up and flick my hair, which was acting as a curtain and screening his torso from me. And then we were preparing for take-off. Stowage check, locked doors, demonstration, taxi, excitedly looking through the windows at the runway racing along, the kick of lift-off with the minuscule feel of weightlessness before we banked into the skies. I gave a small sigh and turned back to the mag.
***
Sometime earlier back at the airport.
I had spotted her with disbelief – her I still wanted to marry. She was almost hidden behind the perfume bottles – looking and smelling, but obviously not ready to buy yet. She had always been that way, even back at school. A major character flaw my sister Anna had insisted, but I preferred to think of it as discretion or taste. She had grown into quite a beauty, filling out from an awkward gawkishness into a slim, assured woman. She still had that timeless grace and quiet assurance that had always set her apart from the other girls. Only she could juggle two huge HMV bags, a Waterstones bag and a huge coat so gracefully. I found myself wanting to kiss her. What was she doing in Heathrow? Was she visiting or did she work here? Was she married? Please don’t let her be married! I couldn’t believe I was praying after all these years – and acting like a kid again. 
My phone buzzed. Annoyed, I was curt with Amanda. ”Yes?”
“Just wanted to wish you a safe trip, Zach!”
Typical, but it thawed me out as usual. At least one female cared about me. “Sorry,” I apologised, “I’m just, uh…” Then inspiration struck. “Amanda, can you do me a favour?”
“Is it legal?”
“Um, yeah. Could you look up Jane Donne for me? She was four years behind me at school.” While I gave Amanda all the details I could remember, Jane disappeared. Some things never changed. She seemed as magical as ever. And now she was sitting right next to me! Was this what Anna called Destiny? Whatever happened I couldn’t let this chance pass…
She was looking calmly at the in-flight magazine – a curtain of shiny hair hiding her face. I tried to clear my throat and think of something arresting and intelligent to say.
I shifted uncomfortably, staring at her, willing her to look at me so I could at least smile at her. She didn’t. And then we were readying for take-off. She was reading her book when the host and hostess came by with the drinks. She took tea. I took coffee. I had to speak before she got stuck in her book again. The flight was only eight hours long and we were already 45 minutes into it!
***
I almost spilt my tea when he spoke to me in that lovely dark chocolaty voice. “What?” I asked stupidly.
He smiled a surprisingly warm smile and repeated, “I’ve been trying to remember when last I’d seen you. You’re Anna’s friend, Jane, aren’t you?”
I was stunned, just managing to nod. I cleared my suddenly dry throat. “How is she? I haven’t seen her since school.”
“She’s fine. Married with two kids.”
“Really, Wow!” I half turned in my seat to face him more comfortably. 
“And you?” 
He was looking at me in a way that made my breathing difficult and my thoughts irrationally slide towards wedding bells and kids of my own…“I’m divorced. Two years now.” He smiled a self-satisfied smile. “And yourself?” 
“Never been married,” his smile softening, “I been waiting for the right person to come back into my life.”
“Oh.” I wondered who it might be. ”Anyone I know?” He nodded still smiling at me. My heart began to race. He really was lovely. And it seemed he might have grown a personality after all. I realised I was feeling an irrational jealousy of whomever he was planning to marry. Who could it be? Priscilla, Nancy, Janine? They were the prettiest, cleverest girls in school. “Who?” I asked. Godzilla leaned towards me conspiratorially. He was grinning now, enjoying our conversation, heedless of the devastation he was causing to me. 
“You.” He whispered tenderly and kissed me.
I didn’t realise I’d dropped my tea, until he jumped up and roared in pain, almost biting my lip. The hostess came running over, the security guy drew his gun, and everyone stared at what proved to be the greatest drama on that flight, much to my mortification. Godzilla was amazingly gracious considering his burns. He wouldn’t accept my apologies without a kiss. Which proved very addictive. And inebriating. And surprisingly comfortable – more so than it ever was with my ex. Eight hours later Godzilla disembarked no longer alone and aloof. He had my hand in a gentle reassuring grip; my bags over his shoulder and a huge, almost dopey smile on his face. He was still commanding, still devastatingly handsome, and now my fiancé!

ΩΩΩ



Excerpts from other novels

You may also like: No Distance to Run



 No Distance To Run
Witness to a murder; denied police protection, Sammi has no option but to run. But the longer she runs, the shorter the distance she seems to be from her pursuers...



Chapter 1

I touched my brakes briefly not bothering to change down a gear on the familiar road. My trusty old CitiGolf took the speed bump like a horse going over an easy hurdle as we carried on at a good speed. I kept to third gear knowing that the next bump was less than a minute away. Rina had actually turned back to watch the black BMW320i. It had been sitting on our tail hooting irritably for at least the past three minutes. The BMW braked hard but still went over the bump with what must have been an annoying scrape. Lindi cackled wickedly, “You're evil, darling.”
“Don't be silly. Everyone in Joburg knows all the speed bumps and potholes. And if you don't know the road, you shouldn't be driving so fast.” 
“Yes. Everyone in Joburg drives too fast!” added Rina, who had just moved up from Ladysmith.
“Uh-oh. I can feel a Durbanite Joburg bite coming on...,” grinned Lindi giving us her trademark hair pat and wiggle. I caught Rina's eye in the rear-view mirror. We both shook our heads. I had been in Joburg for seven years now and didn't consider myself a Durbanite anymore. We listened to Björk as I turned left, then right onto William Nicol towards Randburg.
“So you're really doing it, Sammi?” asked Lindi finally. Rina inched forward on the back-seat. 
“Ja. It feels like the right thing to do.”
“You sure?” asked Rina, “Because my cousin Priya from Newcastle went to this astrologer lady in Dundee and she told her that she would meet the man she would marry on a cruise. So Priya used all her saving to go on this cruise and almost died!”
“How? In the swimming pool? I wondered as Lindi looked at Rina with wide eyes.
“The ship sank.”
“What? The Achille Lauro?”
“No, The Oceanus. So it just goes to show!” replied Rina sitting back with satisfaction as we turned into Peter Place and started to move at a more acceptable pace despite the start of the Easter Weekend afternoon traffic.
“This isn't the same....” I said lamely, knowing they would never understand. Rina was only twenty-four , yet already married with a child planned for the next year. Lindi didn't believe in romance and life-long commitment – something her girlfriend found hard to deal with.
“What you need,” began Lindi in her Mama-knows-best voice, “is some fun! When was the last time you just went on a fun date?” I didn't reply, still too mortified to tell them the awful truth.
“Yes,” put in Rina, adjusting the bindi on her forehead, “When was the last time you had a date, nevermind a boyfriend?” 
I opened my mouth with a shrug, trying to think of something off-hand to say when I was saved the trouble by a taxi that suddenly cut in front of me, causing me to break heavily and Rina's small purse to go flying into the side of Lindi's big new hair.
My sister, it seemed, had similar misgivings. “Look, Sam, you're thirty-three. You've been waiting too long for the 'right man'. Don't you think it's time that you opened your mind a bit. There're some really nice guys out there.” 
I stared at my phone hatefully, half wishing we were back in the days of landlines only – or cellphones that didn't have loudspeakers. She continued, “What about that delivery guy you were talking about?”
“What! He's like twenty-three!”
“So?” Easily said if you are married, Aquarian and a femme-fatale yourself. 
“So?” I echoed, “It's not right for me. I need to marry a Taurean born in the year of the Rat 'cos I'm a Cancerian born in the year of the Dragon!”
My sister sighed in exasperation, “You're so stupid sometimes. Just don't get conned, is all I'm saying. I've got to go back underground. I have to inspect a new seam. Love you, bye. Oh, by the way, are you coming over on Sunday afternoon?”
“Yes, see you then. Love you too. Bye.” I sighed then lugged my suitcase out to the car.
For most of the drive to Magaliesberg, I sang along to my favourite songs which helped keep my mind off the next two days ahead, and the fact that I was driving through country roads in the dark – alone. I reached the Lodge just after seven. Mary, my friend and life-coach, was there to meet me with her famous hug and irrepressible exuberance. Linking her arm through mine, she steered me first to the main farmhouse to point out the dining-room and lounges telling me all the while about the schedule, before leading me down the enchantingly lit path to my door. “This is a really special time, Sammi. I can just feel it!” she enthused, giving me one last hug then leaving me to settle in. At 8pm, it was time to go meet the other nine on the course. Introductions were brief. We were left to mingle over a buffet in the dining-room of the converted farmhouse. It was warm and cosy. Just right for exhaustion to hit, despite the strangers and my reason for being there. I thankfully seated myself down by the fire with a plate of snacky things, placing a glass of red wine by my side. 
Mary bustled over. “I'm so glad you're here!” she said with a hint of nervousness, squeezing my arm affectionately. 
A momentary doubt flitted through my mind. If Mary, the facilitator of our Heart-To-Heart course, was feeling nervous... “It's gonna be great!” I smiled with more assurance than I felt. 
Mary smiled back, nodding. “You should mingle,” she encouraged, popping a kebab into her mouth.
“I will. I just feel a bit...beat.”
“That banshee of a boss been screaming again?”
“Ja. We almost missed the deadline for 'The Times'. Lost booking materialised.”
“What, again? Heads will roll,” said Mary ominously, waving encouragement to a mousey looking person called Susie or Susan or Shiela.
“Definitely,” I remarked absentmindedly as I let my eyes wander over the male occupants of the room. None of them looked like the soul-mate I had envisioned. 
Mary started to brief me on the possible matches. “That's Henry. He's an accountant and a Reiki Master. That's Matthew, a freelance writer and astrologer. Over there is Vusi. Owns his own small ad agency. He's a Wiccan. You two have a lot in common. Next to him is Wilhelm, another accountant with big plans to open a retreat near Rustenberg. And last, but not least, we have Malcolm. He's a healer and a vet. You have a lot in common with him too. He could really help you with your healing development.” Mary looked at him thoughtfully. “And he's a Taurean.” 
I looked at Malcolm obediently. He had his back to me. It was a nice well formed back in a white shirt. His reddish brown hair was neatly cut. Blue jeans and takkies completed the look. A pleasing back. Mary looked at me. “Come on, I'll introduce you.”
“Um...”
“Come on! Don't be such a chicken or you'll never get anywhere.” She grabbed my arm, pulling me towards Malcolm and Susie or Susan or whatever her name was. I started to panic, quickly disentangling myself from Mary before we reached the pair. 
“I'm sorry, Mary. I just need some time to myself. I'm going to go to the labyrinth, then to bed, OK?”
“OK.” Mary was looking at me with disappointment. “You rest and think about what we talked about. Any of these guys would be a great match for you, but it's up to you to make them see that you'd be best for them. Goodnight. Sweetie.” She gave me a hug. 
“Goodnight, Mary.” I scooted out of there as fast as I could.
I walked down through the trees towards the labyrinth. There were three firebrands burning at the edges of the clearing giving the whole scene a 'Survivors Magaliesberg' look. The mountains were faintly drawn in the background, illuminated either by a town or a veld fire – I couldn't tell which. I walked softly not wanting to destroy the almost magical atmosphere, watching my footing on the gravel path to avoid slipping. I'd almost reached the nearest firebrand, allowing me to vaguely make out the dark shape of the tall centre stone. The shadow of the standing stone looked odd. Deformed. Like some nasty shadow creature was squatting at its base. I took a step back, gripped by a primeval fear, with the intention of running to the light and safety of the cottages. A treacherous stone tripped me. I shrieked as I started to fall, attempting to skate on the damp grass to retain some balance. Instantly, a high-powered LED light from the standing stone hit me in the eyes. An angry voice demanded, “What the hell are you doing here?”
It was a male voice. Accent indeterminable. Register low. Menacing. I lost my balance completely, hitting the ground with a thump. Survival instincts taking over, I scrambled up quickly and started to run back to safety. I had barely taken two steps when I was jerked back painfully by the arm to be swung around. The horrid LED light stunning me. Too terrified to scream, I blindly hit out with my free hand at what I thought would be a face. I hit an arm instead. The torch went flying. He dived for it, his grip loosening on me. Self-defence 101 coming back to me, I kicked him as hard as I could. As he rolled away gasping in pain, I picked up the torch, taking a second to blind him with it then ran, frantically trying to turn the thing off. I found the switch seconds before I reached the trees. Darkness enveloped me. Carefully, I stepped off the path to lean against a tree, trying to quieten my breathing. I was absolutely certain he was chasing me. Sure enough, he was. Seconds later, rapid footfalls announced his approach, then slowed as he reached the darkness of the trees. He stopped. I clutched the torch like a club, praying he would pass me by unawares. The seconds crept by as I strained to hear him – appalled that I couldn't hear him at all! Then he was gliding past my tree like a shadowy spirit. A minute or two passed as I stood dithering whether to run to the farmhouse or back to my cottage. The thought of meeting him on the way didn't bear thinking about... It was then that I heard Mary and a little group of people coming down the path. Sagging with relief, I waited for them to reach my tree before stepping out to meet them. Mary screamed. I screamed. Everyone shouted or screamed in surprise, except for Henry who laughed...hard enough to scare away any ghosts.

###
If you liked No Distance To Run, you might also like 
Situation No Win 
and
Here Be Monsters
Read on for excerpts


Here Be Monsters


Part One
It felt like just another Spanish airport. Even the shuttle standing on the apron looked like a normal aircraft, just much smaller. 
“Disappointed?” asked Kieron, my husband, setting the two cups of coffee down. 
“Well, it doesn't look or feel like we're going much further than Iceland.”
He grinned. “Oh, it gets better once we board the piggyback.” 
Our shuttle to the moon was going to be carried by a much larger aircraft, then released under its own power somewhere in the stratosphere to help make our way to the moon. That was to be the first leg of our journey to Mars. We would spend a weekend with my Aunt Wendy before continuing on from Moon-port to Calembra Base on Mars. There we would spend a month. Kieron worked for Ionic Industries, now the largest manufacturers and installers of artificial terrestrial environments, as Project Manager for the Mars sectors. It would be his fifth visit to his field area. It still was not much of a holiday destination, Mars, but I had been missing my younger brother Tony for ages. He was one of the Senior Geologists for Calembra Mining Inc. – the owners of Mars for the past fifty years since they had bought it from the Global Governments Bank for a few tons of gold back in 2016. The company had justified buying it for a song by investing heavily in transportation to and from Moon-port Central in the late '20s, along with developing the infrastructure on Mars. The old joke, that Mars should be renamed Calembra, was still around.
“There's still some time to change your mind,” remarked Kieron, half serious. I gave him my sternest, dismissive look. Both he and Tony had tried to talk me out of going, but I was determined to see to my brother, and had even found some work to do. Readers had commissioned me to write an in-depth article on 'Life on Mars'. I was going to interpret that in the broadest sense.
Kieron held my hand as we walked up to the boarding arm going to the shuttle. I had never been off Earth before, not even on one of those bungee flights that put you up in the stratosphere for an hour or two. Weightlessness tended to make me nauseous, but my research had reassured me that I would most often be in gravity conditioned areas on Mars, with absolute zero-gravity only for the few minutes of readjustment on the shuttle and while sightseeing on the Moon along with some discomfort on the surface of Mars. I took my seat by the window, Kieron preferring the aisle with his long legs. Strapping myself in securely, I was vaguely reminded of an old movie I had watched as a kid at Aunt Wendy's; something about a spy in space and a huge man with metal teeth. It had all been so corny. Tony and I had rolled about in hysterics. Before I could get nervous, we kicked off into the air. Kieron squeezed my hand reassuringly as we quickly ascended towards 160 000 feet, the earth falling into insignificance beneath the Spanish clouds. 
“Disengaging,” announced the captain. A sudden lurch had my stomach lunging, then stability as we smoothly accelerated into the darkness of space. “Prepare for weightlessness. Please remain securely fastened to your seat until further notice,” came the next announcement.
“Honey,” murmured Kieron.
“Hmm..?” I turned, trying to relax, from my contemplation of our home planet looking like the Discovery Channel Logo. Kieron tilted my chin and kissed me. I clung to him, hardly noticing the weightlessness.
Aunt Wendy was waiting at Moon-port wrapped in purple and canary yellow. It suited her more than the brown and grey business-type clothes I remembered from my childhood. 
“Angie!” she called, bobbing up on her high boots, looking smaller than I remembered, her mass of curls now grey and white, but her face looking remarkably unlined. 
“Aunt Wendy!” I rushed forward to hug her, feeling so much bigger and protective. She only came up to my shoulder, just a little bit shorter than my mum. 
“Kieron! You're taking good care of my girl!” 
They hugged, laughing. Then she hustled us to her dune-buggy – a deluxe Volvo with hover mode. I was impressed. So was Kieron. He'd had his eye on one of those ever since I had known him. 
“Can I drive?” 
“Sure, you can,” said Aunt Wendy in her easy way, “but maybe tomorrow. The traffic takes some getting used to out here at the port. It will be be better closer to my place.”
“Cool!” agreed Kieron strapping our bags into the load-box and securing the cover. I climbed awkwardly into the buggy while Kieron slid into the back.
“So how is your mum? Haven't been in touch with her for over a month.” Aunt Wendy, pulled in inches behind a huge freight-liner “She enjoying the ashram still?”
“Last I heard.” I was beginning to feel nauseous with the buggy's bumping and zigzagging around. Kieron handed me a barf-bag 
“That's good. Wish she would come up for a visit. It gets sort of...isolated out here at times. So it's wonderful to have you two over for a couple of days at least! I was beginning to think you would never come!”
“It's great to finally be here. And you look fabulous.” I managed to say before throwing up into the bag. Kieron grinned and Aunt Wendy laughed, not unkindly. Obviously, I was not cut out to be a Moonby.
Aunt Wendy's pad was spacious – a penthouse with a view currently pointed towards the Milky Way. 
“Don't you ever miss having a day – daylight, I mean?” I wondered out loud, looking at the transparent dome above us while Aunt Wendy made tea the old fashioned way with boiled water and leaves.
“Oh, I've always loved sleeping under the stars.”
“Yes. But to never have dawn or dusk...” 
She touched a control-pad on the wall with a grin. The windows tinted, assuming a view of a sunset over a mountain and emitting the glow of late afternoon sunlight. “They think of everything these days, don't they Kieron? Had it installed just last year.”
Kieron returned from dumping our bags in the guest-room “Have you heard anything new on the newslines, Aunt Wendy?” He snatched a Millionaire''s Shortbread from the plate just as she brought it over into the living-room 
“About the new base for the Asteroid Belt?”
“Oh, no. That wouldn't happen for a while yet. I meant the reports from SETI from a few months ago. We haven't had much of an update on it back home, just the initial announcements that some new communications, believed to be first contact with another sentient race, had been made.” 
She frowned in thought. “Wasn't that declared a hoax a couple of months ago?”
I nodded, remembering it too. It had been plastered all over the news boards along with comments from both sides of the spectrum – those who thought that it was all a huge cover-up by the mining companies, the governments or aliens themselves; and those who believed that the Mars pranksters were infantile and ludicrous. I hadn't realised that Kieron had been following it so closely. He had been away when the story broke, working on his fourth project on Mars. Surely, he would have heard or seen more of the event than either Aunt Wendy or myself would have. So, why was he bringing it up now? I looked querulously at him. “They released an apology saying it had all been a practical joke played by some bored workers on Mars.”  
“I heard that too,” he mumbled, then swallowed, sitting down on the cushy divan. “But there's been some other rumours going around over the past couple of weeks. Guy I know, says the contactees actually got to Mars, and made physical contact. Some think they may have actually made it to the Moon, bypassing Mars altogether... Just wondering if you had heard anything?” He turned to Aunt Wendy again.
She shrugged, frowning in thought, then said slowly, “I haven't heard or seen anything else about that. It would be difficult to hide something that big in our little community. But I'll ask around, if you like. I still keep my hand in, you know!” She smiled. Aunt Wendy had been the first woman geologist on the moon, and still remained a prominent citizen and a pioneer in the field. She was a remarkable woman at seventy-eight, having buried two husbands – one on earth and one on the moon. She looked much younger than my mum, despite being two years older, the Moon-port environment obviously doing more to rejuvenate her than Mum's Yoga. She would never be able to return to earth, though. Not without an excruciating amount of pain as the space between her spinal vertebrae shrunk back to normal after being elongated by all the time she had spent in zero- and reduced-gravity. Even now, with the gravity in her apartment's common areas and the guest-room adjusted to Earth Standard for our visit, she was moving slower and a little painfully compared to her bouncy energetic self at the Moon-port. Aunt Wendy had found out about returning to Earth for my mum's seventieth birthday, only to be told that along with the pain, she might also have to deal with possible partial or full paralysis if she returned to Earth for more than 24-hours. We had all preferred seeing her on the screen than in hospital. 
“Now about our plans. I thought I'd let you two acclimatise, then we can have dinner at The Clubhouse. Tomorrow I'll take you to the seaside and other sights. Did you bring your cams?”
“Never leave home without it.” She chuckled at that. None of our family ever did.
Our time with Aunt Wendy flew by with that familiar holiday-time feel. I enjoyed the stark sights and amazing views which never failed to fascinate me, as well as revelled being in Aunt Wendy's and Kieron's company. But something began to bother me besides the nausea of the zero-gravity and bumping around in the hovercraft. A strange feeling that grew, especially when Aunt Wendy introduced us to her colleagues and neighbours. I couldn't shake it off, nor could I quite put my finger on it until the following night lying beside Kieron.
“Kieron?”
“Hmm? You warm enough?” He adjusted the duvet.
“Yes, I'm fine. I was just wondering...” I turned to face him, my chin in my hand. “Do you find the people here seem to be a bit...strange, like they're hiding something?”
He chuckled, turning over to mimic my pose. “Like what? A penchance for human flesh!” He gave me a hideously evil grin.
“No! I'm serious. Maybe it's about those first contactees you were asking Aunt Wendy about...or something else?”
His look was affectionate. “You've such an imagination. That's why I love you.” He kissed my forehead. “But I'll tell you what it is. They aren't used to non-Moonbys, so they are a bit shy, or may appear false; with them trying to act more like they think we expect them to be. Besides, you'd make them nervous anyway.”
“Me? Make them nervous?” I couldn't keep the indignation out of my voice.
“Yeah, you. Hell, I was nervous when I first met you. And you're Aunt Wendy's niece to boot!” 
I could never phantom men out. Just because you didn't feign stupidity or go all maternal on them, they got intimidated by you! My mother had always told me so, but I had thought that attitude had died out in the early thirties, back in my university days and with the camaraderie of the men and women on Moon-base along with the first construction work on the Mars Base. Now it seemed, that gender relations were once again sliding back towards pre-turn of the century states. I sighed. There was nothing else I could do about it but thump my pillow and try to sleep. Kieron's arm hugged me closer, a great comfort. I was immensely glad he had gotten over his feelings of being intimidated and had chosen to be my husband instead. 
The ship to Mars looked like a humongous freight-liner – one ugly block of metal with windows lined in an uncompromising line. It could accommodate up to five hundred passengers in four hundred staterooms for the week's journey to Mars. The ship used thrusters to steer and provide just enough propulsion to allow the freighter to glide to Mars or back. There were less than a hundred passengers on our trip, most of them Calembra staff. Only a few other wives were accompanying their husbands. No families. Mars, being essentially a mining base, was child-free So was the Moon, with no infrastructure for children although that would change in a few years once the first school was built there and the new space university was established; at a loss of the moon's coveted reputation of being the perfect retirement location – no pollution, clear air and easier, cheaper movement with standard basic medcare. 
Kieron surveyed our luxurious stateroom with delight. “Reminds me of our honeymoon suite.” He smiled suggestively. I smiled coyly back. The last three years had been difficult for both of us with him being away for long months working on his projects. That had been another unspoken reason for my insistence on accompanying him this time. One of us had to make a sacrifice for our marriage to last. I'd seen too many that hadn't. With my work being more flexible, it would have to be me. I didn't mind too much. I was ready to make a transition in my life, being not far from forty myself. Shipboard life proved relaxing. I spent most of my time in our stateroom with Kieron, or reading and writing. It was nice to finally have those long meandering conversations with him like we used to when we were courting. Kieron had just begun to study for his Non-Terrestrial Intensive Survival and Coping (NTISC) Training then, while I had still been working at the Global News Agency. We had met when I was assigned to do a feature on the students' experience, and Kieron had been assigned as my case study. It was a relief to know that we still had lots to talk about and re-discover about each other. Predictably, it was Kieron who brought up the SETI story again one breakfast-time. 
“It's odd that there hasn't been any follow up on it, isn't it? What are your friends saying, Angie?”
By friends, he meant my ex-colleagues at the news agency. “As far as I know it was all a hoax, so it's ceased to be newsworthy. Why are you so obsessed with it, anyway?” I looked at him curiously over a bagel.
“I'm not. It's just that...” He sighed, stirring his coffee. “It would have been amazing to have finally made contact with sentient lifeforms. I've always believed that we would, ever since I was little, you know. It's what keeps me doing this – working in the space industry. Imagine...,” I stared at my husband, amused as his face took on a dreamy look, like the one he tended to give me when he was feeling all mushy, “...all the things we would be able to learn from another civilization of beings, and them from us! It would be incredible!” He had sometimes talked about his hopes of meeting other life-forms, but I hadn't realised it was a childhood dream he still clung to. 
“But Kieron, you know that the odds of meeting a friendly race of aliens are just as great – if not less – as meeting hostile races who turn out to be...monsters!” He did not look impressed at my observation. “So I think it would be best if we didn't make any contact with 'aliens'. It would be safer, just in case they turn out to be the mind-reading, flesh-eating, we-are-here-to-conquer-your-planet-and-your-soul types.”
“Oh, come on! You couldn't possibly really believe that, could you?” 
I grinned at him. It was so easy to tease him sometimes. He threw a bagel at me.
Every night, we would go to dinner and to socialise with the other passengers. Kieron's crew would sometimes join us at our table. They were a nice bunch and had been with Kieron for a while. Thabo, Kieron's deputy, kept us entertained with ridiculous stories delivered with a flash of his gold-toothed smile, drawing the others out of their customary introversion It was the first time I really got to know them a little. Milly, the medic, was the only woman on the Environ Install Team, just a year or two younger than me. With it being such a new discipline, and preference given to males who tended to pass the NTISC Training more frequently, it was a rare team that had any women at all. We chatted a little, but Milly was perhaps a little too conscious that I was her manager's wife. 
Most of the passengers were also on their first trip to Mars, or on business trips. Oddly enough, it was the younger looking group of eight or so who were residents returning to Mars. I didn't like them. They seemed to be elitists, keeping apart and ignoring the rest of us, except for the odd sneer or look of pitying distaste thrown our way – like jocks at school. I preferred to ignore them, much to Kieron's amusement. Half the other wives and females were fascinated by them. It was easy to see why, if you liked superficiality. The Mars group was young and gorgeous – all eight of them. I begun to wonder if Calembra HR employed their staff for their appearance instead of abilities. I gave Kieron a surreptitious look. He was, to me, the best looking man around; wearing his 39 years well, still handsome in an old-fashioned way like an actor in one of those 20th century movies which had no colour, never mind VTD.   
He caught my look and quirked an eyebrow. “What are you thinking?”
“That you're the most gorgeous man I've ever seen.”
He grinned, pleased, took my hand and kissed it. “And you grow more beautiful each year, my love.” He stroked a tender hand down my silver-streaked hair before going back to his Chicken-in-Malt Sauce. I knew he'd always liked my hair. I had started to turn grey at an early age, taking after my mother and grandfather. At thirty-seven, my hair was almost 50% grey, but I still had the face of someone ten years younger, thanks to my family's strange genetics. Kieron always joked that any child of ours would be grey-haired before him. He would probably be right too, if they took after me. Most eyes were on the eight Mars veterans, holding court for a change, drinking a bit too much and growing louder by the minute. Around us, some necklines plunged hopefully and eye-contact was sought, some successfully. Kieron's amusement grew. Mine didn't. The loud voices could be discerned quite easily above the quieter, polite small-talk of the other tables. The Mars eight were talking about us women like we were cattle. Some people, both men and women, were beginning to look upset, or angry. 
“Kieron, I want to leave now.” I've never liked unpleasant social situations and uncivilised behaviour. I usually managed to avoid the worst of it. Kieron could see my distress. He nodded, already pushing back his chair. Taking my arm, he walked us with dignity towards the exit. Too my annoyance, we had to pass by the rowdy table. 
The loudest guy stood up. “Hey guys, look at what a cute couple we have here...Or is it Grandma and her Grandson.” His companions made rude remarks.
Kieron looked down from his greater height at the insulting, infantile man. “Madison, Systems Engineer, Section 2, is it?” 
The man looked flummoxed. “Yes?” He eyed my husband distrustfully.
“Kieron Dornach. We met last year at your CEO's birthday bash.”
“Oh yeah. Mr Dornach on the Environ Install Team.”
“That's right. May I introduce my wife, Angela.”
“Mrs Dornach.” He gave me the once over again, though his voice had grown politer. I tried not to bristle.
“It's been a pleasant trip, Madison. Let's keep it that way,” suggested Kieron in a friendly tone, but I could tell that he was keeping his anger in check. So could Madison, it seemed.
“Certainly...Sir. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight.” We nodded to him as we left. Kieron was frowning as we walked back to our stateroom.
“What is it?” I asked once he had closed our door.
“How old would you say Madison is, Angie?”
“I don't know. About twenty-eight?”
“Hmm..I could have sworn we celebrated his fortieth birthday on my second trip to Mars. Besides, most people Calembra employs are over thirty, with it still taking a few years to pass the NTSC Training, even though they don't do the Intensive.”
“So he looks youthful. A lot of people do.” 
Kieron shrugged off his dinner coat. “Yeah, but we get to look a little older – more mature. Madison and all the others at that table seem to be looking younger.”
I put my arms around his neck to ask, “Are you getting worried because you're turning forty?” I liked to tease him about it, and didn't want to think or talk about those rude guys from Mars.
“No.” Kieron leaned closer into me. “I think it will be fun. Why? Are you?”
“No,” I giggled as he kissed my neck. “I like growing old...er...with you.”

Situation No Win
(Naught and Crosses)
By Leenna Naidoo

Copyright 2010 Leena Naidoo


Chapter 1 The Guy With Silver Eyes
Liu
Liu tapped his mini-trowel nervously against the table, sweat forming rivulets down his back. His tent was not the best place to be in this unseasonably hot, desert night; the unusual mugginess making the heat even more unbearable. He dared not venture outside into the cooler night to find a relieving breeze on a dune. They would surely get him then. He looked at his watch in exasperation. Where was Tom? He was only meant to be documenting the new finds in Camp 2, not the whole excavation! Liu got up and turned off the lamp. Standing at the tent flap, he peered cautiously out. Should he risk going to his Uncle Zhou? Liu considered it for a few breaths. His uncle was a gentle scholar, oblivious to most evils. He would be no help in the present circumstances. They would kill his uncle much more easily than they would kill him – of that Liu was certain. No, the only person he could trust was Tom. And Tom was still out there running hours late. Liu shivered. Had they gotten Tom already? Had they made Tom show them where the device lay hidden? Liu took a step back. Surely not. Tom was a bit on the paranoid side, not like any other person he knew; knowing how to avoid trouble or, at worst, break away from it. 
Liu fretted, still looking at the tent flap. Tom had better get here soon! He desperately needed to tell Tom about the new discovery he had made. Liu fingered the small object in his pocket, the now familiar growing tingle it produced a small comfort. The air felt suffocating. What if Tom didn’t get here on time? What if they got to him before Tom arrived? Outside, the wind was picking up again. Blowing in from the west. Dust storms wouldn’t be far behind. That would slow Tom’s team down. Decision made, with a growing sense of foreboding, Liu worked quickly.
Taking his broken, but still in use, retractable TaiChi sword, Liu tried to force the small cylinder into the hole left by the missing piece. It wouldn’t fit. Sweating even more, he wrestled another segment out. The cylinder fitted this time, wedging securely against the edges. Satisfied, Liu laid the sword gently down amidst his notes; a newly scrawled one in that binary code looking remarkably like a doodle – a derisive Tom had once shown him that trick. It would surely catch his friend’s eye. Then Liu burnt the schematics of the device and all his personal notes on it. He scattered the ashes on the sand floor at the entrance to the tent. All he could do now was wait for the men he was sure were coming for him that night.
He waited for over an hour. The adrenalin rush which had kept him alert earlier was all but gone. It had been the only thing that had saved him from being trapped in the pit with those two men staring down at him. All those years at school playing The Monkey King in Journey To the West had their use after all. And he could still pray to GuanYin and hope that she would remember him after all these years. He hadn’t prayed to her since back in high school when his mother had died... A confused bug hit the tent; the distinct sound jerking Liu awake. He hadn’t realised he had fallen asleep. The wind had picked up even more. The storm was arriving. Liu tensed, straining to hear above the sand-blasted canvas. Not much else could be heard. But they were out there. He knew it; could feel it. He crept softly to his bunk and lay down.
They might not realise that he was expecting them. He might still have a chance of surviving the night – if only a slim one. He had much to live for, especially now that the safety of the ancient device depended on him and Tom alone. Liu resolved to do all in his power to stop it falling into the hands of people who would use it for evil. It was the only thing to be done. And if he was to die here, he would not die in vain. Through half-closed eyes, Liu watched the tent flap slide slowly aside allowing some dust and two men to creep in. Liu clutched his trowel tightly. It was time to live or die.

The Guy With Silver Eyes
Running for the train just leaving the little station, he jumped, only just making it on board; his backpack giving him a heart-stopping moment as it snagged on the door. The attendant exclaimed in surprise. “Sorry.” He grinned ingratiatingly at her. Frowning at the foreigner, she lead him to his compartment. There didn’t seem to be any other occupants. He breathed a sigh of relief. He needed some time to himself. Tom knew he was running away again, just delaying the inevitable. But he needed time; needed a plan. He shucked off his backpack, placing it on his bunk. His boots followed, sliding under the bunk, to be replaced with the train slippers. He left his socks on. Outside, the sun was setting, highlighting a temple roof – one of many in the numerous villages the train would pass. He stared out unseeingly. It was the first break he’d had in over 24 hours – possibly the longest 24 hours he’d ever lived. It was amazing he’d gotten this far. Tom was suddenly grateful the train trip was thirteen hours. Thirteen hours to rest. Thirteen hours to plan. Thirteen hours before he had to face the music in Xi’an.
Tom dared not leave his backpack for too long. It was too precious. He took a calculated risk. First he washed the dust off his face, then filled his flask before heading off to the refreshment car. Instant noodles, along with instant Nescafe, accompanied him back to his compartment a few minutes later. Tom prepared the noodles, his mind a comforting blank. There would be time to think about all that had happened; the who and why – and then to plan. But first he needed to rest as best he could. Fifteen minutes later, once the attendant had swapped his ticket for a pass, he switched off the light and stretched out on the upper bunk. It wasn’t his, but it was safer. If someone else came into the compartment, he’d move. He fell into a deep, dreamless sleep within two minutes.
An hour and a half later, there was a knock on the compartment door. He was awake instantly. ‘Dammit!’ he thought, feeling in his waistband for his knife before he remembered he’d had to abandon it at the station’s security checkpoint. He unlocked the door just as the knock came again. 
“Nei hao?” he enquired. There was a girl behind the attendant – backpack over one shoulder; huge suitcase, half as tall as she, in tow. The attendant waved her in. “Hello,” he tried, seeing she wasn’t Chinese in the corridor light.
“Hello,” she said with a harried smile.
‘English teacher,’ he thought, stepping aside to allow her in. She bumped in through the door, struggling to tow the huge red suitcase behind her. The attendant helped pushing it in.
“Which is mine?” She looked at the bunks in slight bewilderment. The attendant looked at her ticket again before pointing to the other bottom bunk. Handing the girl her pass in exchange for her ticket, the attendant brushed aside her thanks with a smile and left.
She looked at him awkwardly.
“Do you need some help? I’m Tom, by the way,” he smiled, holding out a hand. He’d play this easy till he figured out what to make of her. She could just be a foreign teacher, then again, maybe she wasn’t...
“Melissa,” she smiled back, taking his hand in a feminine grip, slightly damp from nervousness. “Nice to meet you.” She glanced around the compartment again, shrugged off her backpack then laid it on her bunk. She looked a little helplessly at the suitcase, then up at the luggage rack.
“We could just leave it there,” suggested Tom. “It’s unlikely the compartment will be full this time of week. If someone else comes, we’ll move it then.” 
She smiled at him gratefully. He sat on his bunk watching her. Her hair was up. Her features hard to place – Eurasian? Her accent Transatlantic. He took her to be Canadian or Australian. Possibly British. Her movements were neat and graceful. Tom felt an instant attraction to her. And a wariness. He’d have to be careful. She looked up suddenly from untying her boots, catching him out. 
He smiled apologetically. “Sorry. Not used to seeing foreigners.”
She laughed in recognition. “I know that feeling. Are you Scottish or Welsh?” 
He was surprised. Most people took him for an Englishman. “Scottish. How’d you guess?”
She smiled again. “Working holiday in Edinburgh.”
“Aye, right. You an English teacher?”
“Yep.”
“Canadian?” She shook her head. “Australian?” That shake again. She’d gotten the boots off and was putting on the slippers. “Not British!” He was getting confused now.
She grinned, “No. South African.”
“You don’t sound it.”
“What can I say. I am of the original RSA TV generation. Lots of British, Canadian and Australian content.”
He laughed. “MacGyver?”
“Yes. And ‘Under The Mountain’.”
“Don’t know that one.”
“Australian alien invasion show. Nasty slugs. It was very good. Scary stuff.”
“Right.” He nodded at the suitcase. “You going home?”
“Yep. And you?”
“I have people to see in Xi’an.”
“You a teacher too?” She was pushing her backpack to the end of her bunk.
“No.”
“Oh. What do you do?”
“Research,” he said, trying not to sound short. 
“Really! Oil and Gas, or historic?” Her interest seemed excessive. 
“Historic.”
She turned to face him enthusiastically. “That’s great! What are you researching? The Chinese Pyramids?”
‘One of those,’ he thought. “Not exactly.”
“Oh. Are you on an archaeological dig?”
“Sort of.” He grinned. “I think you’ve got the wrong idea. I’m actually a writer. Been doing research for a book.”
“What’s it about?”
He yawned hugely. “Do you mind. I’ll tell you in the morning. I’m really beat.”
“Oh, sorry. I didn’t realise...”
Tom stretched out in the recovery position, facing her bunk, alert but feigning drowsiness, still unsure of her. He tried not to tense as she dug in her backpack. Her hand emerged with a toiletry bag. She got up, took a few seconds to figure out the sliding-door handle then left the compartment. He contemplated going through her pack to check out her story and search for weapons, but decided against it. He was too tired. He’d take things as they came. She was back sooner than he had expected. Tom was glad he’d stayed put after all. She put away the toiletry bag, undid her hair, shaking it out, then turned off the light after locking the door. He heard her settle down in her bunk, her breathing growing regular as they drew into a small station with sodium lights. The train stopped for a minute or two. A jerk, and they were off again. Tom fell asleep within the next few minutes.

***

I tried to fall asleep in my bunk, but found it difficult. I was tired, but too excited at the prospect of seeing my family and friends back home. I lay quietly not wanting to disturb the other occupant; content to let stray thoughts go around my head. I was surprised to find that most of them were now revolving around him. Tom, he’d said his name was. He was gorgeous with dark hair and curiously light grey eyes. A really nice voice. Tall and nicely built; bonny braw, as they would have said in Scotland, with that easy charm so many of the Scots have. Was this attraction just a symptom of association with a younger, happy phase of my life in Scotland or the fact that I hadn’t any interesting conversations with other foreigners these past nine months? Maybe a mixture of both... Maybe not... The morning would bring clarity. In happy acceptance, I drifted in and out of sleep as we rolled on to Xi’an, closer to my dear friend Skye, and closer to my loved ones whom I’d not seen for over nine months. Life in China had been good to me. Visiting home was a special treat. And this gorgeous stranger’s company just a bonus. It was going to be a good trip.
I was jerked backed to alertness by a soft sound. It was the door handle. Someone on the outside had turned it. Wrong compartment, I thought. Then it turned again. I lay absolutely still. That wasn’t right. There was something furtive about it all. I’d been warned about thieves on trains. Glad I’d remembered to lock the door, I waited for them to go away. Should I notify the attendant? With a snick like a blade opening, the compartment door began to slide open. There wasn’t time to wake Tom. I did the only thing I could think of. Taking a deep breath, I screamed. The shadow, framed against the open door, froze momentarily. Tom was suddenly sliding down his bunk, his foot flying out at the intruder who clearly held a knife. I screamed again, in fear. Tom’s foot connected with the man as the train swayed. He staggered back into the corridor. Tom was already up to slam the door as the intruder recovered and threw himself knife first through the door, only to scream as the door jammed on his knife-hand. Tom swung open the door, then viciously slammed it shut again. But the man had dragged his hand free, retreating. Cautiously, Tom first stuck his head out, then slipped out after the man, leaving me open-mouthed. Appalled. Afraid.

***

Tom raced down the corridor towards the next car, with the attacker vanishing round the corner by the toilets and sinks. Tom heard the attendant exclaim as he too reached the corner and dodged around it. He brushed by the attendant holding a flask on his way to the next car. The attacker, halfway down the corridor, turned, glancing behind him. Tom recognised his face. It was Jimmy, one of the interpreters from the department. Tom put on a burst of speed, determined to catch him. Behind Tom, the attendant and the security guard were following closely. Jimmy tried to run faster, hit the communication door, hauled it desperately open to slip through, then slammed it shut behind him. Tom leaned back to avoid the heavy door, the attendant and security guard almost cannoning into him. Then, he too, was throwing open the door and running through. Jimmy had the car door open, the moonlit desert racing terrifyingly fast behind him. 
“Wait!” yelled Tom. 
Jimmy looked back at the three, then jumped.

***

I stood in the doorway of the compartment. Other people were sticking their heads out curiously whilst a security guard stood alertly on my left. It wasn’t long before Tom reappeared, walking unhurriedly down the corridor, ignoring the enquiring looks of the other passengers. He looked tired and distracted. Worried too. Behind him, the attendant appeared, urging everyone back to bed – the English equivalent of: ‘Nothing to see here.’ I stepped back and sat on my bunk to allow Tom in. He sank down onto his bunk. 
“What happened? Did you catch him?”
Shaking his head whilst rubbing his eye, he said, “We lost him.” He looked up. “Did anyone come in?”
“Sorry?”
“Did anyone else come into this compartment?”
“No.”
“You sure?”
I stared at him in slight disbelief. Why the odd question? I looked pointedly around the small space. “I think I’d have noticed if anybody else had stepped in, especially as they’d have to have squeezed past me at the door.”
He grinned suddenly. “Aye, sorry. Wasn’t thinking. It’s just that I’m worried about my stuff, you know. Laptops are a bit hard to replace, especially with so much work on it...”
I smiled. “Yes, I know. I had to bring mine from home.”
He stretched leisurely, relaxing, then yawned widely. “What time is it?”
I checked my phone. “Just gone 1am.” I was surprised. Had it only been about five hours since I had boarded the train in Yulin? 
Tom stretched out on his bunk, crossing his socked ankles; his arms behind his head. “I’m not sleepy. Adrenalin, I guess.”
I propped myself against the pillow and leaned down. “Me too. Not that I was sleeping much before.”
“Not used to sleeping on trains, eh?”
“No. Too excited to be heading back home.”
He smiled. “Miss home much?”
“Not really. Miss my family more. And the dogs.”
He laughed. “Yea, and good pizza!”
“Not such a pizza fan myself, but I’ll be having a Debonairs Special when I get home. And some nice cocoa.”
He was smiling still. “How long you’ve been away?”
“Nine months. And you?”
He thought a bit. “Three years.”
“Really? You’ve been in research for three years?” 
He looked at me oddly, then shook his head. “No, about 18 months. But I’ve been based in Xi’an for the past three years.” 
I shifted into a more comfortable position. “So what exactly is it that you research and write about?” That odd look again. 
“I research scientific and historic items. New discoveries and technologies. I write for scientific and other specialist journals. Sometimes I syndicate in the mainstream.”
“That’s interesting. So your book is on ancient Chinese technology?”
“Aye. And some of their new ones.”
I looked at Tom with interest. His reaction to the intruder had been fast and effective – not what you’d expect from an academic. “Is it a dangerous type of job?” 
His look was downright wary now. “Not really.”
“Only the way you reacted to that man with the knife...” 
His eyes looked dark, shadowed. “Used to be a polisman. Lothian and Borders.”
“Oh.” 
There was a silence, each of us thinking our own thoughts. Interesting man, our Mr Tom...
“What about you, Melissa? Which school are you in?”
I told him. “I teach mostly kids. It’s great fun, most of the time.” 
“This your first job as a teacher?”
“Yes. Is it so obvious?” 
He smiled. “Most experienced teachers are a lot more jaded. You still sound enthusiastic.”
It was my turn to smile. “Well, it is fun. At least, I think so.”
“And what did you do before teaching?”
“I was an editor for a small TV production company.”
He raised his eyebrows. “Don’t get many of those out here. Mostly Political Science grads, teachers, and the like. What made you give it up?” 
“I didn’t exactly. The company went out of business and it seemed a good time to start a new career that would allow me to travel.”
He nodded. “It suits you. Looks like you chose well.”
“Thank you,” I said in surprise. I wasn’t used to having my decisions approved by strangers.
He continued, “So you in for the long haul?”
“Perhaps. I’d like to be an illustrator. I’m practising in my spare time and slowly building up a portfolio.” He nodded again. This too, it seemed, Tom approved of. I smiled secretly, in amusement at myself. I was pleased he seemed to approve of me. He caught my smile, raising an eyebrow. “Nothing.”
He cleared his throat. “What is it that you want to illustrate? Books or mags?”
I shrugged. “Anything really. But I’d like to try my hand at illustrating for Children’s books.”
“You really like kids.”
“Yes. Don’t you?”
“Depends on the kid,” he grinned. “The only ones I know well are two terrors!”
“You have kids?”
He shook his head, amused. “Nephews. Spoilt brats. Both mommy and daddy work long hours. So...”
I was nodding my head. “Same with my niece and nephew. Mind you, they do have their good moments.” 
There were lights outside as we approached another town. The train began to slow. We would be stopping again.
“Do you...?” began Tom.
There was a knock on the door.  He got up to open it with reluctance. The attendant said something to him in rapid Chinese. I couldn’t follow any of it with my own rudimentary knowledge. 
“Yes.” he answered. Turning to me, he urged, “Look after my stuff, OK? Don’t let anyone else in. Have to go speak to the police.”
“OK.” 
He closed the door behind him, leaving me to wonder what he hadn’t told me. And why?

****

The policeman stood braced against the wall of the car looking at Tom’s passport as the train swayed into motion. He shut it with a snap. “What happened?” 
“A man with a knife entered our compartment. The lady screamed, awakening me. I tried to fight him off. He ran away.” Tom tried to keep his statements precise. “I gave chase, hoping to apprehend him and notify the authorities. We ran through the next car. Then he opened the door and jumped.”
“Did you know this man?” The policeman’s face and tone didn’t alter. Tom knew the drill well.
“No, I don’t think so. I didn’t get a good look at his face.”
“Did you threaten him in anyway? Did you push him?”
Tom stared in disbelief. “No. I didn’t. I wasn’t anywhere near him when he jumped. Ask the attendant and the security guard.”
“I’m sorry but I had to ask.” Tom nodded, understanding. “Why do you think he jumped? Why didn’t you stop him?”
“I didn’t really think he’d jump. It seemed suicidal.”
“It was. We found his body near the tracks.”
Tom lowered his eyes. “I wish I hadn’t chased him.” The policeman nodded. “Is that all, officer?”
The policeman shook his head. “Mr MacKenzie, you still haven’t told me why you think he jumped.”
Tom shrugged, his hands in his pockets. “I honestly couldn’t say.”
The policeman sighed. “We’ll need your details and your address at your destination.”
“Sure.”
Tom walked thoughtfully back to the compartment. This whole thing was getting far too complicated, dangerous and messy against all expectations. He had to be extremely careful. And trust no-one. He smiled ruefully to himself. Well, he’d often been told he looked more than a little like Fox Mulder. She was waiting on her bunk, a thoughtful look fading from her face as he walked in. 
“Everything OK?” He nodded. “Have they found the guy?” He nodded again. “So, he’s been arrested?”
“No. He jumped from the train. He’s dead.” She looked shocked, giving him the impression that things like this didn’t happen in her world. Then again, she claimed to be South African. Surely she was used to it... 
“Bit extreme,” was all she said.

****

There was a moment’s silence as we both reflected on our own suspicions. I had to ask, “Tom, are you in some kind of trouble?”
He looked startled. “What makes you think that?”
I felt uncertain, regretting having asked at all. “Well...you...just seem like you might be...” It sounded lame, even to me. 
His look was evaluating. “If I was in trouble, how could you possibly help?”
It wasn’t the sort of response I’d been expecting. I stared at him in surprise. He stared back unwaveringly. Looking away, I took a sip of warm water, then shrugged. “I wouldn’t know until I know the nature of the problem.” His look remained unwavering, searching. I shifted uncomfortably. What can of worms had I opened? I felt I had to justify myself – to prove I hadn’t been prying. “It just helps sometimes to talk to someone. Get another point of view – a new perspective.” 
“I’ll bet you’re good at that,” he remarked, lying down again, crossed arms behind his head, crossed ankles shaking. “You’re the local agony aunt.” 
He didn’t make it sound insulting, just factual. And true. I crossed my leg over my thigh, clasping my knee with both my hands and started rocking gently. “Sometimes. I’m a good listener... But forget I asked. Have you been to Inner Mongolia yet?”
He didn’t seem to hear me, deep in thought, the upper bunk casting a shadow over his face. Then, with a sigh, he said slowly, “There’s this woman I like... very much. But I can’t seem to trust her...”
I listened quietly, offering nothing yet. 
It seemed a long while before he spoke again. “I’d like to trust her, but...” He paused.
Again, I waited, letting him formulate his thoughts coherently. “...she does and says things that make me think it’s best not to trust her... So I don’t. But I’d like to. To get to know her really well.”
Why was it always the romantic problems people mentioned first? I thought about Tom’s problem. “Is she a colleague?” 
“No, just someone that’s about.”
“Well then, if your feelings are so strong, you could give her the benefit of the doubt. Unless, what she says and does are totally unacceptable to you.” His feet hadn’t stopped shaking. He didn’t say anything, just seemed to be considering what I had said. “If you have trust issues,” I went on, remembering what my friend, Amy – a metaphysical coach – had once said, “you’ll need to work through them before you can have any kind of meaningful relationship.” This, too, was met with silent consideration. “You’ll need to talk to her. Get to know her better, like you said you’d like to.”
“What if she rejects me?”
“What if she doesn’t? Besides, there’ll be someone else who won’t. You can count on that!” His swift glance, bright and knowing, caught me unaware. I suddenly wished I didn’t have such a big mouth. Never mind... But I did mind. I had to look away. I felt his gaze on me for what seemed a long time. When he spoke, it was slowly, like he was trying out an idea. 
“You know, you seem very familiar. Have we met before?”
I frowned, trying to remember if it was possible. “No, I don’t think so. Maybe if you were in Edinburgh in 2001...”
“Hmmm....”
“Well, it’s a small enough city. You often see the same faces...”
“Where did you work?”
“In a hostel just off Blackfriars on the High Street.”
“Right.”
“And you? Were you a policeman then?”
“Aye.”
“Perhaps you saw me once or twice whilst on duty.”
“I was at Leith Walk Station.”
“Oh! That explains it! I used to live on East London Street.”
“Did you now?”
“Yes. Just off Broughton Circle.”
“You’re probably right. I used to live on Rodney Street.” He grinned suddenly. “There were always too many foreigners at that Tesco’s.”
“Hey! I loved that Tesco’s! Except for the fact that I had to carry the bags up that hill!”
He laughed, a pleasant sound. “That probably saved you lots of money!”
I giggled, “You might be right.” A huge yawn couldn’t be suppressed as fatigue caught up with me. I looked at the time. It was almost 1:30am. I yawned again. “What time do we get into Xi’an, about 7ish?”
“Sounds ‘bout right.”
“Great. I’m going to get some sleep. It’s been a busy few days.”
“Right. Sleep well.”
“Do you need the light on?”
“No. I should sleep too.”
I put the light off before crawling under the duvet and adjusting the seed pillow. Another yawn escaped as I settled in, expecting to lie awake a little longer. I don’t remember finishing my thought.

***

Tom stared into the darkness. She had fallen asleep almost as soon as her head hit the pillow. What in the world had possessed him to tell her that story? Fatigue? It had to be. Had she guessed he was referring to her? She did seem awfully familiar. Maybe he had seen her around in Edinburgh. Maybe not. Maybe it had been somewhere else. The big question was: where? He drifted into a light sleep again, too tired to keep his eyes open.




Chapter 2 A Truthful Enough Tale
Dim light was filtering in through the compartment window. It was dawn. Her texting had awakened him. The soft click of the buttons were muffled under the duvet, but still distinctly discernible along with the beep of the message confirmation. He lay still, peeping through his eyelashes. She had covered her head with the duvet, blocking out the light from the screen too. Who was she texting at this time of morning? She stopped a minute or two later, seeming to drift back into sleep. Tom’s thoughts drifted to what they might say in Xi’an. Would they even believe him? Gibson was sure to sneer and call him an outright liar. It wouldn’t be the first time. And there was no-one to back him up this time. He would have to present his case logically, and find or offer irrefutable evidence untainted by any question. He would first have to stay alive to make it to the meeting they would surely be calling already. All that mattered now was getting the thing into the right hands –  and surviving. She was stirring again. Melissa timidly stuck her head out to look towards the window, then leant on an elbow, twitching the curtain aside. Her pendent swung free – the Celtic Friendship Knot. She absentmindedly tucked it back into her shirt. Her hair was all mussed up. Swinging herself off the bunk, trying to be quiet, she pulled out her toiletry bag, slipped on the slippers and left the compartment. The soft click of the door shutting was almost lost in the background noise of the train. Tom breathed in deeply, the faint hint of her scent in his nostrils. It didn’t do much to steady his heartbeat. He wondered what it was about her that got to him. Whatever it was, he couldn’t allow it to distract him from his purpose. His own survival, along with the fate of who knew how many others, depended on his good judgement now. He would have to lock away any feelings for her, especially as he couldn’t trust her. It was all too easy to pretend to be an English teacher. He would only be able to verify her story once he got to Xi’an. She wasn’t even his type! He usually went for blonde high-maintenance women with high powered jobs. And here he was going all mushy over a mousey-haired girl-next-door school teacher! He was still thinking about her when the door opened.
His heart skipped involuntarily then slammed against his ribs as he realised it wasn’t Melissa. Tom gave silent thanks to her large suitcase as the man made to inch between the suitcase and the bunk. Tom knocked the suitcase against his bunk, pushing it towards the man. The man jumped back. Tom scrabbled down by the table, keeping the suitcase between him and the intruder. He gained his feet just as the man threw a knife. Ducking, he kicked the suitcase into the man. Groping behind him, he located the vase and threw it at his opponent in one continuous movement. It was the man’s turn to duck. Popping up almost immediately, he sidestepped the suitcase to come at Tom with a bloodcurdling growl. Tom threw himself on Melissa’s bunk, tripping the man with his leg. Scissoring his other leg, he kicked the man into the table. Not giving his opponent a chance to recover, Tom stood up, swinging his elbow at the man’s upper shoulders. Crying out in pain, the man sunk to the floor. Tom knocked him out, tying him up with the man’s own belt, then began to go through the prone man’s pockets.

***

I stopped dead, shocked to find Tom riffling through an unconscious man’s pockets, my suitcase almost tumbled onto Tom’s bunk. 
He looked up at me, his face cold. “Get the attendant and guard, quick!”
“But...!”
“Now!”
I ran off to find the attendant, thoughts whirling. I gestured frantically for her to come, disturbing her breakfast. She barged past me into the compartment, firing a rapid stream of questions at Tom. He answered equally rapidly. I stood ineffectually at the door, wondering what was going on, acutely aware of the weave of my toiletry bag. Things like this just didn’t happen to me. Why were people always attacking Tom? Who was he? Was my life in danger? I feared it was. The security guard arrived soon after, just as the man was coming to. The guard handcuffed the groggy man. Tom helped drag him up to his feet, asking him an angry question. He spat at Tom, like some cliché from a bad action movie. I stepped out of the way, with the attendant, to allow the guard and the strange man out of the overcrowded compartment. The man looked closely at me as they passed. I shivered. Tom was picking up the vase, having righted my suitcase. I stepped cautiously into the compartment, Tom’s cold face clear in my mind’s eye. It was inscrutable now, but... There was no other way to broach the subject. “Tom, what’s going on?”
He stepped over and shut the compartment door to loom over me, no more than a hair’s breath away. “What do you mean?”
“I mean this is the second person who’s attacked you on this train. In our compartment. I need to know if my life is in danger.”
He was leaning against the door looking intently at me. I was acutely aware that my only escape route was blocked. Why I would want to escape from him, I chose not to think about just then. 
“I haven’t the faintest idea,” he finally said. 
I stared at him. “Surely, you must have some idea!” That’s when he leaned in and kissed me, his hard lips smothering mine. I tried to protest, push him away, but he just leaned in closer and took my breath away. He broke off just as suddenly, then came in again for another kiss. Outraged, I slapped him hard. Twice.

***

“Ow!” gasped Tom stepping back in reflex, bewildered. He had started to kiss her primarily to shut her up and distract her from asking any more questions. He hadn’t expected to get lost in the kiss himself. Obviously, she hadn’t. Now she was furious. 
Her eyes flashed with anger as her words poured out cuttingly, “How dare you take such liberties?” You could tell then that she was an English teacher. “Do you think I’m stupid? Do you think that I don’t know when I’m being lied to? Or why you kissed me?” 
Tom was appalled. Ashamed. He would have never believed that she could see through him so quickly. Most people didn’t.
She hadn’t finished. “Who do you think you are? Do you think that this is some kind of James Bond movie and I’m just going to fall into bed with you?”
“Well, they were all gorgeous,” he said flippantly. She looked confused. “The Bond girls.” Melissa glared at him, then moved to hit him again. He caught her arm, bringing it down to her side harmlessly whilst stepping in. Then he kissed her thoroughly again, sure she wouldn’t resist him this time. She jerked her knee up hard, shoving him off as he doubled up in pain. It was a sharp, bony knee that brought tears to his eyes. She had the door open, fleeing out of the compartment. Looking wild and bewildered, she flattened herself against the corridor wall as he tried moving forward.
“Melissa,” he gasped, “It’s not safe out there!”
“I don’t think it’s safe in there with you either!”
He sighed, wondering what was coming over him. He usually never behaved this way, deploring guys who did. “Melissa,” he tried evenly, “Come back in here. I promise not to touch you, OK?” 
She took a minute to think about it as he laboriously picked himself off the floor. Would his luck never change? They both tensed as another early riser walked down the corridor to the wash area.
“OK,” she conceded, “but the door stays open.”
“Unless there’s a threat.”
“Alright. But you keep to your side and I’ll keep to mine.”
Tom sat on his bunk trying to emote calm, safety and goodwill. He couldn’t have her hysterical or alienated. Not yet... Melissa sat down gingerly on her bunk, poised for flight. She wasn’t going to be easy to convince. They stared at each other in the lengthening silence. 
“I’m really sorry. It won’t happen again.” He hoped.
“It’d better not.”
Tom didn’t know whether to feel amused or threatened. He settled for a sheepish grin. She didn’t smile back. He realised just how hard it was going to be to win her trust back. He tried to lighten things up. “So...do I really come across as a Bond?”
“No, more like a Bourne.”
“Really. That’s a pity ‘cos Bond has more fun.”
“If you like that sort of thing.” She said it stiffly, not unwinding a bit. 
“I said I was sorry,” he tried evenly again.
“I don’t think you are,” she replied, equally even.
Tom’s smile froze. He realised she was right. He wasn’t the least bit sorry. He had enjoyed the kiss too much. He felt a twinge of fear. How could she know him almost better than he knew himself?

***




Coming Soon from


Coming Soon
Bears Fright, Wolf's Plight by Anushka Haakonson
Flashie Things v2 by Nvaughn7
Settle Down Now by Leenna Naidoo (excerpt)

Other Titles By Learning To Surf Authors:
I Find Myself Charmed By Leenna Naidoo (free)
Kieron's Tale By Anushka Haakonson
Flashie Things By NVaughn7 (free)
No Distance To Run By Leenna Naidoo (free)
Valentines Dance By Anushka Haakonson (free)
How Not To Meet The Man Of Your Dreams By Leenna Naidoo
Here Be Monsters  By Leenna Naidoo
Minding By Anushka Haakonson (free)
The Dessie By Anushka Haakonson (free)
Dear Santa By Leenna Naidoo (free)

And our SeeThroughIt Magazine
Issue 1 (free on Smashwords) Please download the PDF.
Special Mini Edition August 2014 (free)


Our blog: www.learningtosurfpub.wordpress.com
Leenna's blog: www.leennanaidoo.wordpress.com
Tweet to: learningtosurfp

