Holiday Mayhem
Published by Angelaine Espinosa at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Angelaine Espinosa
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and events are the product of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual people, places and events is purely coincidental.
Dedication
Congratulations to my cousins Aileen, Florence and Jennifer. I hope this is a suitable enough wedding and baby shower present. Sorry if it took so long to finish. Good luck with your new families!
Table of Contents
Halida Facts and Figures
December 8 at 6 p.m.
December 8 at 7:30 p.m.
December 9 at 9 a.m.
December 9 at 6:30 p.m.
December 9 at 7:00 p.m. 
December 12 at 8 a.m.
December 12 at 5 p.m.
December 14 at 6 p.m.
December 15 at 6:30 p.m.
December 18 at 7 p.m.
December 19 at 9 a.m.
December 25 at 12:01 a.m.
December 26 at 7 a.m.
December 27 at 6 a.m.
December 28 at 9 a.m.
December 31 at 5:30 p.m.
December 24 at 6 p.m., two years later
. o 0 Halida Facts and Figures 0 o .
Official name: Fictional Republic of Halida
Capital: Arborton
Area: 12,285 square kilometers
Population: 211,637
Population growth rate: 0.249 percent
Most populated community: Arborton
Least populated community: Tucket
Urban distribution: 27 percent
Rural distribution: 73 percent
Languages: English, Spanish, Latin
Religious Affiliations: 54 percent Catholic, 44 percent Protestant, 2 percent Others
Male life expectancy: not available
Female life expectancy: not available
Infant mortality rate: not available
Male literacy rate: 98.2 percent
Female literacy rate: 96.1 percent
Major trade partners: Japan, Spain, Singapore, United States
. o 0 December 8 at 6 p.m. 0 o .
“I’ve been saving these last words for
one last miracle, but now I’m not sure.
I can’t save you if you don’t let me.”
– Gotten lyrics
When somebody told Cisco that he’d be finding nothing back at Tucket, the man’s only reply was to laugh. But he wasn’t laughing anymore. Cisco Silver was, instead, trying to close his gaping mouth after Peggy answered the door to her house. He looked the very pretty – very pregnant – woman over, until the latter cleared her throat.
“Wait – you seem familiar. Have we met before?” she asked, just as a man went out of a hall door behind her.
“Who’s at the door, hon?” the man asked as he approached the newly opened passageway. “Wait – Cisco? Is that you?”
Cisco gulped. Jeremiah. His best friend. His former high school buddy. Peggy’s husband? The world spun around him as he realized that he was too late. “Jeremiah?”
He never thought that Jeremiah would take a fancy to the twelve-year-old girl obsessing over him ten years ago. His best friend and his former admirer had, sometime in those ten years he was gone, tied the knot and did not even bother to tell him. Okay, part of it was his fault. He was desperate, trying to find a way out of their small hick town as fast as possible. And in the process he had shunned so many of the willing ladies and preadolescents vying for his attention. He left for the glamour of the faraway Arborton City, and ended up working nine-hour lonely shifts followed by fifteen more lonely hours. He left with no trail and clue for those who wanted to seek him out.
Eventually, he decided to take a holiday leave to go back to Tucket. He decided to marry the prettiest little tidbit that had fallen in love with him. Too bad that the little tidbit he was bent on marrying was now missus to somebody else.
“What are you doing here? Come in!” Jeremiah exclaimed at the same time reaching for Cisco’s hand. Cisco could only stand still and look from him to Peggy. “Oh, sorry there buddy. My manners must have taken a hike. Cisco, this is my wife-”
“Peggy,” Cisco said, trying to keep his voice as neutral as possible. “I knew her when she was just a little girl.”
“Cisco? Is it really you?” Recognition dawned on the woman’s face.
“Welcome back!” Peggy put an arm around her husband’s waist and smiled brilliantly while looking into his eyes. To her husband she said, “I used to be sweet on him.”
“Then lucky me,” Jeremiah laughed. He returned his attention to his friend and motioned for him to come in. “You mustn’t have been here long, Cisco. I can see your bags are by the gate. Would you like to come in for some eggnog? Peggy was making me some, but there’s plenty to spare.”
Cisco inwardly cringed. If he’d come back earlier, he could be the one Peggy was making eggnog for. “Uh, no thanks. I just came by to congratulate you.”
“Well,” Jeremiah continued, “thanks for dropping by. Where are you staying, by the way? We might be able to meet up sometime. You know, hang around a little like we used to?”
“Um…” Cisco paused. He hadn’t thought about that. From the bus stop, he had come directly to Peggy’s new address without a thought of trying to find a hotel room first. How stupid was that? “I’m still kinda trying to find some place to crash.”
“Oh? You’re welcome to stay here for a while. Maybe even until Christmas. That alright with you, hon?” Jeremiah invited.
“Of course, dear. After all, Cisco’s an old friend of ours. It would be rude to turn him out into the night, especially with predictions of a snowstorm looming ahead.” Peggy opened the door a bit wider and stepped back into her husband’s arms. And the only thing Cisco could do was watch what he’d been missing out on for the last ten years. Who would have thought that the twelve-year-old aspiring cheerleader with the curly yellow pigtails and the freckle-faced nerd of their batch would end up together?
Cisco picked up his backpack and adjusted the zipper of his coat. “Thanks for the offer, but I’ll manage. Wouldn’t want to be disturbing you tonight.”
“Really. It’s okay.” Jeremiah grabbed Cisco’s arm before he could turn around. “The hotel might be booked full because of the season.”
“I’m good, Jerm. I’m twenty-eight and old enough to find a place to sleep in.” Yeah, right. Aside from Peggy, Cisco didn’t know who else had remained in Tucket. He remembered most of his schoolmates getting out of town as quickly as they could, just like he did. But if worse came to worst, he’d still not get in Jeremiah and Peggy’s house. He’d rather sleep in six feet of snow than suck up all that mushy stuff the lovebirds were sure to display. “I’ll try to keep in touch. Merry Christmas.”
Jeremiah looked disappointed, but finally he smiled and nodded. “No hard feelings, right?”
“None at all, buddy.”
“Then Merry Christmas.”
Cisco sighed as the door to the warmly lit abode shut behind him. He had nowhere else to go tonight. Might as well drown my sorrows in some holiday beer, he thought.  Let’s just hope The Catnip is still in business.
. o 0 December 8 at 7:30 p.m. 0 o .
“It’s been a long time since I came around,
Been a long time, but I’m back in town.
This time I’m not leaving without you.”
– You and I lyrics
 “All I wanna do is make love to you… one night of love was all we knew…”
Sadie cringed as Isabel squeaked on the last verse of the song. She knew that the others were trying to tolerate their entertainer long enough for her to get on stage. When the final lines were drawn out at almost the right note, Sadie was finally finishing up with a last touch of her lip gloss. She shed her white sweatshirt to reveal the beige tank top she wore underneath.
“You are so gonna pay for making me do that!” Isabel yelled as she ducked into the changing area behind the makeshift stage at The Catnip. Only two years younger yet two inches taller, Isabel charged at Sadie. “You owe me one, Sade. What the hell happened that you weren’t able to get here right away?!”
“Well,” Sadie calmly stated as she shoved her sweatshirt into her satchel, “aside from the fact that I live a twenty-minute walking distance out of town, the snow-queen decided to send a full-frontal attack my way. Aren’t you the least bit concerned that I might’ve ended up a roadside popsicle?”
“Then for gawd’s sake, get a car.”
“I am going to get a car. Right after I make enough money from my current job. And in order to get to my current job without a car, I need to walk. You see the picture? Now help me into these things.”
“Oh. Sorry.” Isabel retied her waitressing apron just below her bosom before bending down and helping Sadie into her boots.
“Hey, careful down there. Ouch! You just strung it on too tight. Why do I need to wear these on stage anyway?”
“Because they’re sexy. The guys like seeing you in these boots.”
Sadie snorted. “Then I suppose I’ll just walk out there, strut like a model on a catwalk and not bother singing at all. Gosh, Izzy, the crowd will love that. Oh bejeezers, why did I sign up for this?”
“Because I asked you to and you love me too much to deny me. Now get out there and give the crowd what they’re missing. They obviously don’t miss me.”
Sadie turned to her friend with a wide grin on her face. Honestly, Isabel was a little too hard on herself. The girl was model-pretty and obviously talented in the kitchen, something that Sadie Goal envied her for. Aside from singing and sewing for Missus Haber’s fashion house, Sadie wasn’t really good for anything else. Well, if you didn’t count the brains she kept under lock and key. “Course they miss you, Izzy. Why, the guys at table eight would rather have their eyes scourged than not taste your coffee.” 
“Haha, very funny. Now get out there and charm the crowd. There’s a hunk at table four who looks like he needs a distraction.”
Sadie almost laughed out loud. Honestly, she didn’t know if Izzy was telling the truth or not. When Izzy meant hunk, it was either a man twice her age with popping pectorals or a high school senior with a goatee. She was imagining what kind of hunk would wanna sit at the table closest to the stage when he could be lounging at the bar while prospecting the fairer sex in the establishment. Must be a newbie, Sadie thought.
But she was wrong.
.o000o.
“Hey Sade,” Mitch, the bar’s owner and this evening’s piano player, motioned to the stunned starlet of The Catnip. “What the hell are you doing just standing there?”
For a moment Sadie felt as if the world had ceased to turn.
Cisco Silver, her long-ago neighbor. The talk of the town, the once-celebrated specimen of male physical perfection. The one who’d left a trail of broken hearts in Tucket, including her friends’ hearts. He was in the bar looking like he’d drunk a whole case of vodka, maybe even bathed in the stuff. From which cloud in the sky did he drop from? Sadie asked herself as she approached the mike. But instead of thinking of an answer to her own question, she plucked the microphone from its stand and faced her audience with a beaming smile. “Good evening folks. Sorry for being a bit late. Luckily our pretty waitress, Miss Izzy, was here to entertain ya’ll.”
The address was followed by a round of claps and wolf whistles.
“Okay, okay. I know she’s pretty, and you can ask her for her number later.” This was followed by some chuckles. “But right know I want you to sit back, relax and get lost in the music…”
This was something Cisco took seriously. Not only was he lost in the music, he was also lost in intoxicating drink. Sadie cringed as she delivered the lines of a particularly sexy song. Not only was Cisco whistling at her like a reprobate, he was blowing kisses at her like a candidate for Miss Universe. By the time she was finished with waitressing, only three patrons were left inside the bar. It was close to two and still Cisco had no plans of stopping. Why, Isabel had already left at the stroke of midnight!
“Hey Sade,” Mitch called again, his cheeks all puffy and red, “you know that guy on table four?”
“Yes Sir,” Uh oh. This wasn’t good.
“Tell him to shove off already. We’re closing.”
“But Sir, I don’t know where he’s staying or how I’m going to take him there.”
“Just look at him, Sadie. He can’t stand no more, and my wife’s pregnant as a peach upstairs. She’ll pop that babe anytime and I need to be here just in case we can’t get to a hospital.”
Sadie mentally sighed. Mitch was such a sweet man who had never asked her to do anything before. He’d given her bonuses for no reason at all and always gave her something packed in a paper bag for breakfast. She didn’t want to be anywhere within two feet of Cisco, but she had no choice. “Okay Boss, I’ll try. But you better get out of the way. This could get real messy.”
.o000o.
Sadie wriggled into her sweatshirt and just as quickly exited the changing area. When she peeked out of the door, Cisco was still there.
Looking at her.
Grinning at her.
And she felt as if a softball had hit her on the head.
Good heavens! He looked even more handsome than he did years ago. The gangly teenager’s body had filled out. Every inch of him, though covered by a multitude of layers to keep out the cold, looked like they wanted to burst from their confines. His hair was cut more cleanly, but there was still some to roguishness to the style.
His eyes were intense as they took in the knee-high boots that still hugged her wonderfully aching calves. I knew I shouldn’t have chosen that song, Sadie thought. Cisco’s eyes were still glued to her by the time she was able to reach his side. She gulped before putting on her best smile and reaching out for a handshake. “Hey there. Never thought I’d see you around town.”
“Oh, so ya fink I’m not fit ta be here too?”
“Whoa there, Cisco. Don’t you remember me? I’m Sadie Goal. We used to live in the same apartment complex at 16th street.” Apparently Cisco was too inebriated to tell left from right.
“You’re not Shadie. Shadie hash long black hair and round owly glasses.”
“I got rid of those glasses in high school. Now come on. I need you outta here. And whatever you do, do not puke.” Sadie grunted as she put an arm under Cisco’s shoulder. “Gawd, you’re big.”
“That’sh why I buy size XL.” Cisco grinned.
“Excuse me?” Sadie paused in the middle of opening the door. Please don’t say you’re talking about what I think you’re talking about.
“That’sh my undies.”
“Oh brother,” Sadie blushed crimson as she hailed a parked cab to the corner where they stood. Thank heavens it was the middle of the night. Sadie didn’t know what she’d do if anybody saw her towing a drunk home.
“Na-a-ah, Madonna. Lover. That’sh the word. I’m a lover at heart.”
Sadie ignored his lewd comment and pushed him into the cab.
“Where to, Miss?”
“Corner of Main and 9th street, please.” Sadie tried to call out over Cisco’s whacked out version of the songs she’d just sung. “And make it quick.”
“Now Bright-eyes, don’t be rushing about,” Sadie almost choked as Cisco grabbed for her shoulders and place her on his lap. “You’ve got the whole night to ride-”
“The only thing I’m going to ride tonight is this cab, Mister Silver. Now release me before I change my mind and tell the kind driver to get us to the police precinct instead. Is that clear?!”
But before Sadie could extract an agreement, the front of her sweatshirt was quickly coated with hot, wet, alcohol-smelling slime. It was all she could do to not scream at Cisco and deafen the poor driver, who could only offer a sympathetic look.
And, five minutes later, an additional bill for the damage to his backseat.
. o 0 December 9 at 9 a.m. 0 o .
“I will break these chains that bind me.
Happiness will find me.
Leave the past behind me.
Today my life begins.”
– Today My Life Begins lyrics
Cisco groaned as he tried to open his eyes.
“Dear gawd, where am I?” He croaked as he rubbed his temple while trying to get out of bed. He yawned, stretched and scratched his bare backside.
Bare. Back. Side.
“Sweet mother of dandelions! I’m naked as a jaybird!!!”
Cisco stumbled about, trying to gain his balance amidst an ebbing headache, and belatedly executed the bright idea of wrapping the frilly bed sheet around his waist. And once he was done tucking the corner of the sheet into his side, he rubbed at his eyelids.
Yup, he was indeed inside the most girly bedroom he had ever seen. Everything was in tones of cream and pale peach. Everything had laces and daisies embroidered into them. The bed was covered in soft down pillows of different sizes. Beside it was a dressing table with a silver-gilt oval mirror. Further along was a small cabinet with glass figurines on top. A door presumably leading to a private bath was just beside it. What kind of hotel sets up a healthy, obviously virile man in a granny room? Unless…
Cisco crossed the room and stood in front of the cabinet. He unlatched the hinge and opened the door to a collection of blouses, dresses and delicates all hung according to color and material.
Great. He had slept with a woman. What kind of prim and proper governess did his inebriated mind take a liking to this time? And did he really go all the way?
As if in answer, the door to the bedroom opened, and in stepped the first – and hopefully last – notch in his belt.
“Good. You’re awake.”
That voice. It was familiar. It sounded like-
“S-sadie?!” Cisco blurted out as he stumbled away from the cabinet. “Sadie Goal?! I just slept with Sadie Goal!”
“Would you cut that out?!” Sadie yelled as she went forward to close her cabinet properly. She didn’t like it when other people rifled through her things, even when that ‘other people’ included former acquaintances. “First of all, I did not give you permission to go about my room as you please. Second, we did not sleep together. And third, you owe me a new sweater. Now-”
“Hold on. We didn’t sleep together?” Cisco interrupted, looking Sadie up and down. What a shame, Cisco thought. After the initial shock of finding that he was in Sadie Goal’s house, he was just now seeing the changes in the little girl he once knew. The fawn-legged kid that had brought cookies to his apartment door now had some rather appealing curves and dips. The wavy over-long hair now fell straight and even over her shoulders. But those eyes were still hauntingly the same. Despite the way they spit fire at him now, Cisco knew that they could look sweet as candy when Sadie was happy. He’d heard Sadie’s father call her ‘Bright-eyes’ more than once.
“No, we did not sleep together. And unless you don’t wanna stick around, I suggest you let me keep it that way.” Sadie said as she rummaged through a pile of clothes in the lower compartment of the cabin. Cisco couldn’t help but stare at the way the cute denim jeans and tight-fitting shirt hugged her. She’d certainly changed in the ten years he was gone.
Apparently Sadie wasn’t aware that he was staring, because she did not look flustered as she straightened and held out a change of clothes.
“These were my father’s clothes. I haven’t retrieved your things from The Catnip yet, so this’ll have to do until I can get home from work and pick ‘em up later.”
Now she did look flustered as her eyes took in the very nearly naked Cisco Silver before her. And once Cisco saw this, he couldn’t help but smile to himself. “I don’t know. This bed sheet seems quite comfortable, plenty of air space and all.”
“You haven’t changed at all, Cisco Silver,” Sadie admonished while trying to keep her eyes on his face – and his face alone. “Now I know you haven’t found a place to crash in, and the B and B is fully booked, so I’m being a friend and letting you use the spare room while you’re in town. Is that okay?”
Cisco breathed a sigh of relief. He had enough money to convince any tenant at Cynthia’s Bed and Breakfast to take a hike, but didn’t want to go through the effort of doing it. Besides, he’d pass Peggy’s house along the way and end up feeling sorry for himself again. “Thank you.”
“Well that settles that,” Sadie continued. “I have to be at the fashion house soon, so get breakfast by yourself. The kitchen’s just four steps down and to the right of the house. See ya!”
Cisco breathed out a sigh of relief. Sadie was more talkative than he remembered. In fact, she smiled and talked more openly now. It was as if the little daddy’s-girl had grown some spunk.
“Oh crap,” Cisco cursed and hurriedly clothed himself in the spare t-shirt and jeans, never mind the boxers. What if Sadie’s dad was home? What the hell would he do then? The man was God’s loyal sheep, and would have him kneeling in front of a confessional once he found out he’d been bare and ready for Sadie.
Cisco cringed, but then steeled himself for what Daddy Goal had to say. He just didn’t know what to do if the old man forced a ring into his hand. He’d come back to Tucket for little Miss Peggy, not little Miss Peggy’s best friend.
.o000o.
“What the hell is this?” Cisco paused as he descended the four steps from the raised and enclosed bedroom. In front of him was the open living area of Sadie’s house – and the mess that she left behind in it. There were cobwebs and dust motes on every furniture corner, as well as throw pillows that hadn’t been plumped and books that hadn’t been returned to their proper shelves. Being a tidy office worker, Cisco found the whole scenario completely out of whack.
“How could anyone live in a place like this?”
The dining area and kitchen were separated from the living room by a woodwork rail that could double as a counter. But instead of gleaming champagne glasses or bowls with little daisies inside, the rail supported what looked like unfinished laundry. Beyond that, piles of unwashed plates and glasses hogged every inch of the dining table. And the browning tiles of the sink looked like they hadn’t been scrubbed clean in ages. Cisco crossed the living room and opened a door into what seemed like another sitting room, albeit closed off from the rest of the house and as yet untouched. White drop cloths covered everything inside, including what looked like two rocking chairs that took up space in front of an unused hearth.
Despite the dirt and dust, the house gave off the air of old country beauty. Its walls and ceilings were cream white and the un-curtained windows were very wide. All the doors were wooden, with half-circle windows at their tops, even the one that led to Sadie’s bedroom. The kitchen tiles were beige, as was the sitting room’s floor carpet. All the furniture was either wood-crafted or wickerwork. And since they matched the house’s aura, Cisco could only guess that they came with the house when Sadie moved in. If only Sadie took it in her mind to clean this place up…
All of a sudden, Cisco had an idea. What if I sparked this place up a bit?
Cisco realized that he had been mistaken. Apparently, Sadie lived in the house alone. It occurred to Cisco that the only place kept clean in the house was Sadie’s bedroom. If Daddy and Mama Goal were here, they wouldn’t have put up with Sadie’s lack of cleanliness.
Now he knew what to do to thank Sadie for letting him stay over. He pried open a cupboard under the kitchen sink and managed to find a broom and dustpan. He wasn’t so much into housecleaning, but desperate situations called for desperate measures.
“Oh fudge!” he cursed as he swerved a bit too quickly and ended up woozy. “I think I need to get some coffee first. This headache’s killing me!”
. o 0 December 9 at 6:30 p.m. 0 o .
“This is how it starts.
Lightning strikes the heart.
It goes off like a gun,
Brighter than the sun.”
– Brighter Than The Sun lyrics
Sadie sighed as she placed a grocery bag on the floor of her front porch. It was six-thirty in the evening and her fingers were trembling from having to work a manual sewing machine at Miss Haber’s. But her job wasn’t through yet. She was again booked to sing at The Catnip, just like she usually was on weekends. Every Saturday and Sunday night, she was paid to sing at the town’s most well-known bar from seven-thirty until ten-thirty in the evening, and waitress until two afterwards.
She had five minute breaks in between every three songs that she sang, and free range of the song numbers. She also had the freedom to choose which of the requests the audience threw at her to sing. And it was only on weekends, so her vocal cords had time to heal on the other nights she wasn’t working.
And when she wasn’t working, she was usually doing her laundry and figuring out just when the hell she’d make time for her house. A house that hadn’t been cleaned in more than-
“Am I in the right house?” Sadie breathed as she opened her front door and took in the sight. The floor was waxed to the point of shining like a skating rink. The couch in the waiting room had been vacuumed, and the dining table at the end of the house was clutter-free and sparkling from just being polished. I’m sure I entered the right gate, the one in front of the deep ditch on the other side of the road. Everything was so sparkly and clean that Sadie thought her eyes were going to pop out of her head.
But before they could do so, the door to her bedroom opened, and out came Cisco, hair still damp from a recent shower. “Thought that was you,” he said as he nonchalantly made his way through the living room.
“You – you did this? When? H-how?” she asked, not even registering the fact that Cisco was picking up her grocery bags and carrying them in for her.
“Yes, I did this. I started this morning. And as for how,” he dumped the entire grocery on the newly-dusted and washed counter, “it’s a long story, starting with a broom and a dustpan that looked like they haven’t been used in ages.”
“But you had a hangover! You were totally off-kilter. You even puked on my sweatshirt!”
Sadie saw Cisco cringe before reclaiming a face of indifference. “Yeah, well, the odd thing about me is that I sober up as quickly as I can get drunk. And as for being off-kilter, let’s just say I ran into an eye-opening situation when I arrived in Tucket and foolishly thought a beer would-”
“Act like a dose of amnesia,” Sadie cut in, a quiet smile on her lips.
“Yeah. How did you know I was about to say that?”
“We did live in the same apartment complex together.”
“For five years.”
“Until you chose to move out and move on,” Sadie sighed, hands on hips and surveying the quality work Cisco had done to her house. “Why did you come back here anyway?”
“A couple of reasons.”
When Cisco was unforthcoming, Sadie pursed her lips and assessed him carefully. She made no objection when Cisco commandeered her kitchen; stocking everything she had bought in the places where she herself would have put them. It was as if the guy had sixth sense, or a terrible talent of reading what was in her mind. But the way he automatically tidied up her newly bought supplies with depth precision wasn’t scary at all. In fact, it rather looked sexy. The way his muscles moved under the frayed shirt every time he reached for an item, and the way those jeans crinkled at the juncture between hip and thigh was just…
Hell’s bells! She did not just think that, did she? Sadie hoped that he really didn’t have telepathic powers. It would have been outright humiliating if he knew where her mind had strayed. Sadie had always found Cisco to be too attractive for his own good, but she had no idea she’d be mentally panting after him – inside her own house no less!
Well, it was time to take control of the situation and her lascivious hankering. She crossed the living room, passed the separating rails and stopped Cisco just as he was about to put a tub of ice cream in the fridge. “Thank you for what you did. Another ice age could have passed and still I wouldn’t have been able to clean this place up. I think I might just keep you.”
Cisco started, and then grinned triumphantly. “I think I just found myself a way to pay the rent on your guest room.”
“No,” Sadie flushed. “I did not intend to bring you into my house just so I could get a free janitor or – or housekeeper.”
“But I’m here, your house was messy, and I took charge and put two and two together,” This time Cisco grinned more wickedly. “Or were you expecting I pay you back a different way? Maybe a little skin-on-skin, wining and dining-”
“Now that,” Sadie poked him on the chest, “is the stupidest, most perverted thing I have ever heard. You’re no gentleman Cisco Silver, despite what other people might say.”
“Come on, Sade. I was in your bedroom and naked, if I recall correctly. You might’ve wanted to try something quirky with me, except you lost your guts and decided to try the easy way out.”
“Fine,” Sadie huffed while she opened one of the cupboards and retrieved a pan. “Believe what you want to believe, Silver, but don’t expect me to come crawling and begging just because you tidied up my place a bit.”
“A bit?” Cisco gestured to the expanse of room behind him. “The place looked like it got hit by a tornado – twice.”
“And then bombed, right?”
“No, because it looked like it was drowned in a tsunami. And then bombed,” Cisco smirked. “And then the aliens came over and-”
“All right. I get the picture.” Sadie smiled as she pulled a spatula that hung above the faucet. “I’m sorry about the mess okay? I just didn’t have the time to clean up the place. I just moved in four months ago, and I’m still trying to reorganize my schedule.”
She opened the fridge and took out the packet of hotdogs. “And despite everything, you still owe me a new sweatshirt.”
Cisco smiled in return, picked up a knife from the chopping block and plucked the hotdogs from her hands before she could protest. “I’ll see what I can do,” He positioned himself by her side and started working on their dinner. And all at once Sadie felt like she had just come home.
. o 0 December 9 at 7:00 p.m. 0 o .
“Tonight, out in the street, out in the moonlight,
And, damn it, this feels too right,
It’s just like déjà vu, me standing here with you.”
– Gotta be Somebody lyrics
“Wait. You’re going to walk? Alone?” Cisco asked as he washed their dinner dishes at the sink. His hands dripped soap and water on the kitchen tiles when he turned, but he didn’t care because his focus was entirely on the woman trying to shrug on a brown winter coat trimmed with white fur.
“Of course I’m going to walk,” Sadie replied as casually as she could, knowing that Cisco had a knight-in-shining-armor function preprogrammed into his being. She picked up her beige purse and sat on one of the sofas to put on her walking boots.
“At this time in the evening? In this kind of weather?!” Uh oh. Cisco was starting to sound like a mother hen, something which didn’t bode well on her part. “Do you have any idea what could happen to you along the way? You could get robbed, or worse. And you could get buried under all that snow.” He wiped his hands with a towel hanging off the oven handle, and afterwards rushed through the room. “Hold on. I’m going to get a coat.”
Sadie shot daggers at Cisco as he scrambled to the newel post and retrieved a heavy greatcoat he had unearthed while cleaning. It was faded but usable and thick enough to keep out the worst of the cold. “Why?”
“I’m going with you.”
“No way!” Sadie rebelled, crossing her arms in front of her chest. “I am not going into The Catnip on your arm.”
“Who said anything about you being on my arm?” Cisco replied smartly while sitting on the guestroom steps and tugging on the same boots he had worn the previous night.
“I was assuming that you were a chauvinist, so why not a package deal? Me on your arm and all the ladies green with envy when they see us. No friggin’ way.”
But ten minutes later, Sadie was gnashing her teeth in annoyance as Cisco walked and whistled beside her. A light snowfall accentuated the quiet of the night. The breeze was a tad chilly, and the lamp posts set equally apart on the suburban road cast a soft glow on the cobblestone walkway. It might have been a romantic sight if not for the fact that her company was a thorn in her side.
“Would you cut that out?!” Sadie said as she tried to once again pull her arm from Cisco’s vice-like grip.
“You said you wanted the package deal,” Cisco grinned and pulled at her arm, bringing their sides close together despite their heavy outerwear. Their close proximity allowed Cisco a fresh whiff of Sadie’s perfume, as well as the feel of her hair on his cheek.
“I didn’t say anything like that.”
Cisco ignored her weak protest and proceeded to carry out the ulterior motive behind his accompanying Sadie to work. “So, after spending the whole day at your place, I’m assuming that you’ve been living in that house alone. Where are your parents staying?”
He felt Sadie stiffen at the question, but she continued to walk as soon as she realized that he noticed. “My parents,” she said softly, “are not going to be able to make it for Christmas.”
“So they left you stuck in Tucket while they’re going off on some international cruise? Wow. Your family certainly moved up the economic ladder.”
Sadie’s shoulders drooped, although Cisco did not know why.
“Why didn’t you just go with them?”
“I wish I could have gone with them, but I can’t.”
“Why not?” Cisco asked, trying to coax Sadie to look at him. Something was off with her situation, and Cisco was determined to get to the bottom of it. But before he could get any farther into the conversation, Sadie abruptly stepped in front of him, halting their walk.
“Look, Cisco, I don’t go prying about your life. I suggest you return the favor.” Then she let go of his arm and spun on him. Her eyes were a bit glassy. Funny, she looked like she was about to cry. No, Cisco thought, I must be seeing things. It has to be the cold that’s making them glaze over. “I’m sorry if I’m being a little… uncooperative. But I have to conserve my voice. I’m going to sing tonight and I need all my vocal cords in order, okay?”
Cisco looked at her neck at the mention of vocal cords. He tried to imagine that her neck was bared to his sight, instead of concealed under a bright red scarf with little Christmas tree designs. It was a lovely neck, he remembered. Graceful and pale. It had looked soft, a pleasure to touch. He wondered what it would feel like if he dropped tiny kisses all over the tender flesh. Or how it would taste if the kiss were open-mouthed…
“Cisco? Are you even listening to me?”
“Y-yes,” Cisco replied, shaking himself from the twilight dream that had his body temperature rising. “I’m sorry. I’m not going to bother you anymore. Truce?” He held out his arm once more for Sadie to take. Some moments later, she reluctantly threaded her arm with his.
Such a small gesture, but Cisco felt like he could jump to the moon.
. o 0 December 12 at 8 a.m. 0 o .
“Just hear those sleigh bells jiggling, rig-tig-tingling too.
Come on, it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you.
Outside the snow is falling and friends are calling yoohoo!
Come on, it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you.”
– Sleigh Ride lyrics
“Mmmm. This is the most bestest pancake I have ever eaten… ever!” Sadie exclaimed as she stuffed another forkful of Cisco’s fluffy strawberry pancakes into her mouth. Never mind that she’d embarrassed herself by coming down from her bedroom without having brushed her hair. Her hair could turn into the Amazon jungle, and she wouldn’t have cared as long as she could taste more of breakfast.
As if able to read mind – again – Cisco placed a whopping stack of pancakes in front of her. He looked absolutely delicious in snug checkered pajama bottoms and an even snugger white undershirt. “There’s more where that came from.”
Yeah, I bet your drawer’s full of undergarments that’d look completely sexy on you- Sadie flushed, not being able to believe that her mind had conjured such a dirty thought. She mentally told herself to quit thinking and start eating, unaware that Cisco was looking oddly at her. And when she noticed that the man was not touching his food at all, she lifted one brow. The man had the gall to ignore it, instead adding another pancake to her plate.
“Keep spoiling me like this and I just might fall madly in love with you,” Sadie murmured under her breath. But then, in a louder tone she asked “Hey, would you like to go out?”
“In all this snow?” Cisco looked over his shoulder, directly at the window that was behind him. It was the one above the kitchen sink, and right now it revealed the somewhat heavy snowfall outside. Cisco had never really liked snow, perhaps because it spelled ‘traffic jam’ in Arborton. But if Sadie were to go out there all alone, and if the snow decided to turn into a full frenzy storm, then he’d better fess up and escort her. “Where were you planning to go?”
Sadie finished the last of her milk. “I don’t have work today, so I planned to do a little bit of shopping.”
She stacked her dinnerware and moved to the sink. She didn’t think Cisco would be too enthusiastic about her shopping trip. After all, he was a man. And men didn’t really appreciate being dragged about town with nothing to do.
“You figured you could use all this muscle to help you carry shopping bags?”
Sadie stopped, grinned and faced Cisco’s teasing. “Now that I think about it…”
“Why you little – come here!” Cisco scrambled to the other side of the table, arms stretched out on either side.
“Cisco! Stop!” Sadie yelped, dodging his arms as quickly as she could. She ran from the kitchen as if Cerberus were nipping at her heels, and shrieked with laughter as she did so. In the meantime, Cisco was rounding the table. He hopped over the railing with little effort, landing in front of her. He lifted Sadie over one shoulder, carried her caveman-style into the living room and dropped her on the sofa.
But he didn’t stop there. Soon his fingertips were all over Sadie’s midsection. He tickled Sadie, whose shrieks were interrupted by short, snorting laughter. Finally, Sadie was reduced to a hoarse, defenseless heap. But Cisco wasn’t finished with her.
“Say Uncle!” he commanded.
“Uncle! Uncle! Un – not there!”
“Somebody’s ticklish!”
“Please, Cisco!” Sadie begged. Only when Cisco lost his balance and fell on top of her did the tickling and the laughing stop. Soon both were replaced by heavy breathing. And it was because of this breathing that Sadie and Cisco’s chests brushed rather intimately. Sadie, whose eyes were closed because of laughing, gasped softly. Her bosom, devoid of clothing except for a thin cotton nightgown, was in contact with probably one of the most beautifully sculpted chests God had made.
Cisco was getting his own handful of flesh. His hands, that he’d spread out just in time to catch his weight, had landed on either side of Sadie’s shoulders. His thighs weren’t so courteous, because they landed on either side of Sadie’s legs. If it wasn’t for his pajamas, he would have felt those silky soft limbs on his skin. But then again, Sadie would have noticed a growing something concealed by the pajama fabric, a something that reacted to the closeness of her attractive female body. This close, he wanted to run his hands through that attractive female hair. And kiss those attractive female lips.
Sadie saw Cisco’s eyes darken, and she was sure that something down there was being brought to life. Positively sinful, and yet she didn’t want to move. Not just yet. This was hot. This was quirky. This was positively – wrong! “We better get moving,” She said quite loudly. “Teodora’s handicraft shop opens in just a few minutes. If we don’t hurry, we’ll be caught up in a crush of Christmas shoppers.”
Cisco blinked, and hopped off the couch. And somehow Sadie regretted saying anything to break their connection. “Right. I’ll get my coat.”
.o000o.
Teodora’s handicraft shop was located at the corner of a busy intersection, made busier because of the shoppers taking advantage of Christmas sales. Like Teodora’s, all the other shops were trimmed with holiday décor. Each store displayed a holiday scene made from the items being sold inside. The hardware store’s Christmas tree was bedecked with shiny metal tools and mesh wire formed into bells and angels. Anthony’s toy shop showcased the traditional Christmas village, composed of antique dollhouses passed onto every generation of Anthony’s family. Even the meat shop displayed a roasted turkey, although how they kept the thing fresh nobody knew.
Opposite the street of shops were restaurants and cafés. These too were decorated for the season. Centerpieces were mostly composed of pinecones, ceilings were ornamented with paper snowflakes hung from tinsel, and there was the occasional mistletoe dangling above a doorway.
It was in one of the “unmistletoed” cafés that Sadie and Cisco enjoyed a cup of hot milk tea and black coffee respectively. They also ordered a plate of gingerbread cookies to go along with their drinks. Two bags of holiday decors and ingredients for the Christmas Eve dinner lay close to Cisco’s feet.
“Hey. You’re staring at me.” Sadie commented wryly, adjusting the ponytail falling over her violet sweatshirt that was long enough to tuck into comfortable black jeans. Cisco had persuaded her to sit beside him instead of across, and she’d complied. She was enjoying their food so much that she was oblivious of Cisco’s arm over her shoulder.
Cisco, clad in black sweater and fawn-colored pants, kept staring at her, “You got some cream on your chin,” he whispered quite close to the shell of her ear.
Sadie licked part of her lips. “Is it gone?”
“No… let me…” Cisco traced his fingertip over Sadie’s lower lip, effectively wiping away the bit of vanilla cream there. And this bit of cream disappeared as he popped his finger into his mouth. Sadie’s eyes never left his face. She’d felt Cisco’s finger on her lip quite sharply. It was a sensual caress of epic proportions. She also saw how his Adam’s apple bobbed seductively as he swallowed that tiny dollop of cream.
Sadie vaguely felt Cisco’s hand nestle on top of her knee. The other one on the backrest behind her moved to the back of her neck. The heat coming from that touch scorched every part of her body, and made her heart beat triple-time. Her lips parted, her breaths shortened and her head pounded as Cisco’s eyes narrowed and his lips came closer to hers. Kiss me, please, kiss me-
“Cisco?! Sadie?!”
Sadie gasped, turned her head and saw two familiar people approach their table. The pregnant woman was carrying a white purse over her shoulder. The man with the rectangular glasses grasped a plastic bag in one hand, and his wife’s elbow in the other. Both looked happy to see them, yet slightly curious.
“Oh, Peggy! Hi!” Sadie said as edged away from Cisco, who only just then realized they had an audience. When he saw who their audience was, he felt a mild panic. But this did not deter him from offering a guarded smile and nodding to the vacant lounge in front of theirs.
“I didn’t know you were shopping today,” Sadie continued as the newly-arrived couple occupied the seats opposite them. “And being so near your time. I’m surprised your husband even let you step out the front door.”
“I allowed her to go shopping only if I came along,” Jeremiah explained with austerity, contradicted by the glint of happiness in his eyes. It was obvious the man indulged his wife whenever he could.
Jeremiah looked at his two childhood friends, seated comfortably in perhaps one of the coziest coffee shops in Tucket. This was where most couples and young families gathered. He could picture said young family already.
In his mind the man and woman looked very much like Cisco and Sadie. All they needed were the two leash-led beagles and the baby carriage. “Well fancy meeting you here, Cisco. And with Sadie, no less. Is there something going on that I need to know about?”
“What?” Sadie said, blushing as Jeremiah’s brow shot upward. “Oh, no. Cisco and I aren’t an item or anything.”
“Hmmm. Too bad.” Peggy murmured while drinking the milkshake she’d ordered. Her goading smile disappeared behind the rim of her Styrofoam cup.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sadie shot innocently.
“Ignore my wife, Sade. Sometimes she can’t keep her tongue in her mouth.” Jeremiah baited.
“Are you insulting your wife, Mister Forster?” countered Peggy.
“Why not at all, Missus Forster. I like it when you can’t keep your tongue in your mouth. Cause it mostly ends up in mine – ouch!”
Peggy pinched her husband in his side, not the least bit worried that they were making mushy fools of themselves. She gave Sadie a look that said ‘I always win at this game, but I make him think he does.’
Jeremiah, Peggy and Sadie conversed about what they’d been doing in the past month. Among them, Peggy was the chattiest. She rarely left the house due to her pregnancy, and she was glad to finally be able to talk to someone aside from her husband, not that the latter was a dull-witted conversationalist. He just blends into the wallpaper sometimes, she said teasingly.
This earned her a nip on the ear from Jeremiah and a giggle from Sadie. Only Cisco said nothing, except for an occasional affirmative grunt or nod of agreement.
Finally Peggy addressed Sadie.
“Hey, since the four of us are all here, why don’t we go and watch a movie. There’s a new holiday flick showing at the town center this afternoon.”
“Sure! We’d love to go, right Cisco?” Sadie gurgled. It had been a long time since she’d watched a movie.
Cisco wasn’t so eager though. He felt that one more minute in Jeremiah and Peggy’s presence would make steam come out of his ears. “Uhm, I have something to finish up this afternoon. I hope you don’t mind if I don’t come. It’s kinda important.”
“Oh really?” Sadie observed Cisco as he, with a napkin, wiped stray bread crumbs from the tabletop. He was fidgeting, made obvious because he couldn’t look anyone of the rest of them straight in the eye. “And what would that be? I assumed you’d have nothing to do today when you agreed to come with me.”
“I’m sorry, Sade,” Cisco crumpled the paper napkin and shoved it into his empty coffee cup. He took a fresh napkin and started on the area immediately in front of Sadie.
“Oh well. Sorry Peggy. I guess we’ll have to do that movie some other time.”
“Not at all. Enjoy the rest of your day.” Peggy gave Sadie a wide grin, and then smiled gently at Cisco.
Cisco returned her smile and stood up. He waited for Sadie to thread her arm through the crook of his before hoisting their two plastic bags in his free hand.
Sadie was led quietly out the door. When they reached the meat shop without a word passing between them, she became annoyed. Cisco had acted like a snobby Ebenezer Scrooge. She recalled that Cisco and Jeremiah were best friends. But at the café, they barely said two words to each other. It was only then that she noticed Cisco’s tenseness. He looked like a cow preparing to jump over the moon. Just what had happened at the café?
“Cisco, what was that all about?” Sadie whispered.
“Nothing.”
“It wasn’t nothing.”
“It was,” Cisco insisted.
“Cisco, can you please just calm down and try to tell me-”
“Beat it, Sadie! I didn’t go prying into your life when you asked me not to. So stop hounding me. It was nothing, okay?!”
Sadie was majorly pissed. She yanked her arm from Cisco’s and trudged ahead. “Fine! Be that way!”
. o 0 December 12 at 5 p.m. 0 o .
“I walk a lonely road,
The only one that I have ever known.
Don’t know where it goes,
But it’s only me and I walk alone.”
– Boulevard Of Broken Dreams lyrics
Every time Cisco heard one of his coworkers say that a woman can drive a man to his knees, he scoffed and contradicted with passion. Now he wasn’t so sure that he was right. He was sure though, that it would take more than kneeling to get two syllables out of Sadie’s mouth. They were in the kitchen. Sadie was tallying their expenses from the shopping trip while he was trying to find the ingredients to hot chocolate. It was the only weapon Cisco had to appease the steam coming from Sadie Goal.
“Sadie, where’d you put the milk carton?” He asked nonchalantly, noting the way his companion stood ramrod straight. He figured that sugaring up to her would annoy her more.
“The fridge.”
“And the cocoa powder?” Cisco now sorely regretted brushing her off during their shopping trip. What had first turned out as an enjoyable adventure into town had been shredded to nothing but a silent feud. What was worse, he didn’t even know what the feud was about. Granted, he had refused to reveal his jealousy towards the love Jerm and Peggy had for each other, but she wasn’t his keeper right? What business of it was hers to pry into his life?
“The cupboard,” Sadie grated.
Then again, talking to a robot-like Sadie wasn’t very pleasant.
“Which cupboard?” He stopped transferring marshmallows into a ceramic bowl to face Sadie, who was tallying the total amount of money they’d spent that day. “Sadie?”
“What!” Sadie snapped. Boy was she angry. She’d never yelled at him like that ten years ago. Where was the sweet Sadie who rang his doorbell, pressed a tub full of chocolate brownies into his hands and dashed off before he could get a word of thanks from his mouth?
“Are you still mad at me?” Cisco asked when he realized that Sadie had not even glanced from the notepad and calculator on the table. On instinct, he set aside the bag of marshmallows and came towards the stewing woman. When he was standing directly behind her, he casually placed his hands on her shoulders. “I’m sorry, Bright-eyes. I wasn’t thinking straight. Forgive me?”
He felt Sadie’s tension dissipate after several seconds of massaging her tense shoulder muscles. And finally, Cisco gave secretly rejoiced when Sadie looked up at him. “Only if you tell me what happened back there with Peggy.”
Wow! Cisco knew that Sadie was sort of perceptive, but he didn’t know she was that good at observation. Either she had hidden telepathic powers or he was just too obvious. Finally, he admitted that he had been cowed. Who wouldn’t after being treated with the cold shoulder? Cisco breathed deeply. “She’s the reason I came back to Tucket.”
“Peggy?” Sadie’s face was incredulous. Of course, who would have thought that he’d come back home for a woman? Ten years ago, he’d been trying to avoid that specific side of the human population, and out of the blue here he was trying to nab one of them.
“Yeah.”
“Why?”
“Because I got fed up with city life. No matter how hard I worked,” Cisco admitted while walking to and fro behind Sadie, “and how late I stayed at the office, not once did I feel like I’ve accomplished something. I’ve made more money than I could ever know what to do with, and still I feel like I’m missing something.”
Cisco was so caught up in his musing that he never noticed Sadie take his hand in hers. She led him to the sitting area. Now they sat, side by side, on the couch pushed against the kitchen railing. The as yet undecorated Christmas tree stood before them, its leaves as bare as the expression on Sadie’s face. “Cisco, life isn’t a checklist. You can’t just cross an item off life and go on to the next one just like that. Trust me, I’ve been there.”
“No you haven’t,” Cisco argued. Sadie had no clue what it was like being the middle child in a family of five. His parents had applauded his older sister and coddled his younger brother. He was always the invisible child, who in his teen years became the town reprobate as an act of rebellion. Finally, his father had fed up with him, telling him to either get some morals or get lost. He did the latter, not because he was at war with his old man, but rather because he wanted to prove that he did have morals. Morals that had not been admired, because they weren’t toted out in the open.
“Yes I have!” Sadie snapped, pulling Cisco out of his melancholy. And as if Sadie realized that she’d startled Cisco, she softened the tone of her voice. “I have, Cisco. It’s not exactly the same thing, but in a few ways it is.”
Sadie let go of Cisco’s hand and looked at the Christmas tree. “Cisco, I have a confession to make. My parents… well, they’re dead.”
Dead? Cisco couldn’t believe what he just heard. And the worst part was that Sadie’s face turned into a mask of sorrow. He regretted having said anything about his problems now. He should have known Sadie was a sympathizer, and would pull out her own grief just to let him know that he wasn’t alone.
“Gawd, Sadie. I didn’t know. I’m sorry.” he offered. He put a hand over the Sadie’s and squeezed tight. It was the only physical comfort he could give without shocking Sadie. But inside he wanted to hold her close and embrace all the sadness away. “How did it happen?”
“It was stupid really,” Sadie sniffled. “In high school, they were pushing me too hard. They really wanted me to become a top achiever, ‘cause they said I had the smarts to make it. But I wanted to live a little, you know? I wanted to feel what it was like to be a real teenager.
“I wanted to work part-time waitressing instead of taking extra credit classes. I wanted to know what it feels like to cry over boys instead of failed exams. Wanted to know what it was like to stay up dancing at a club instead of riffling through my books. And it was exactly that last wanting that did them in.
“I went out with my classmates in the city. I drank too much, and a friend called up my mom and dad to come fetch me before anything happened. They got hit by a truck before they could get to the club.”
Cisco winced. His parents were happily living abroad with his sister and brother-in-law. If his parents had died in a car crash while he was clubbing ten years ago, then he knew he would have deserved the guilt. But not Sadie. She was sweet and kind and obedient. All she’d wanted was one night to feel like a teenager. She deserved such a night of freedom, but not the guilt that had come afterwards. “It wasn’t your fault, Sade. You just wanted to have a little fun.”
“But still!” Sadie brushed the tears that had started flowing in the middle of her speech. “They died because I was too stubborn. I went out with friends instead of staying at home and being with them.”
“You haven’t stepped foot outside of town since?”
“No. I couldn’t. Not after what happened to them.” Sadie brushed her thumb over the fingers of Cisco’s hand. That small gesture touched something in Cisco’s heart. It was as if only then did Sadie realize that she wasn’t alone. She was an only child, and nobody must have come to make her feel better after the funeral. Friends could only go so far as to offer condolences and a few hours of distraction.
Family was something else. They were always there for you. Cisco had many aunts and uncles. His spinster aunt had taken him in when he left Tucket. She’d been the one to catch him when he stumbled into difficult situations.
Cisco felt honored to be the first to offer comfort to her. And he also felt like he wanted to comfort her for the rest of her life, to be the one to catch her and cradle her when the sadness of losing her parents crept in. He wanted to heal the woe that accompanied her next words. “There’s a big difference with what we did Cisco. You went out into the world because you wanted a better life. I went out because I didn’t want a better life.”
“I could see why you didn’t want one,” Cisco smiled softly. 
“Really?” she whispered.
“You already had it. You had the life I’ve been searching for all along.”
Sadie gasped, and more tears fell over her cheeks. She laid her head on Cisco’s shoulder and sobbed quietly. Cisco didn’t let go of her hand. He didn’t begrudge Sadie this chance to mourn. He didn’t know how his apology turned into a heart-to-heart session, but he thanked his lucky stars that their talk had ended the fighting. Their talk also made him realize another thing; if he wasn’t careful, Sadie would become more than just a friend.
That near kiss in the café had proved some attraction existed between them. But Sadie was his friend, not some casual fling. It was either be her friend, and only that, or go all the way and make her his. The question was, would it work out if he did the latter?
. o 0 December 14 at 6 p.m. 0 o .
“I wanna make you smile whenever you’re sad,
Carry you around when your arthritis is bad…
All I wanna do is grow old with you.”
– I Wanna Grow Old With You lyrics
“Achoo!!!” Sadie shivered as she tucked herself into a pastel-colored quilt. The TV was running some slapstick comedy program, but Sadie was too off-color to pay attention to it. She didn’t know how she got the sniffles, especially when she’d been living in the cold of Tucket all her life. But sick she was, and she could no nothing about it.
Thankfully Cisco was there. He was the one to push a corner table close to the sofa and stack it with a box of tissues, medicine and cup of tea. Right now, he was reentering the living room with a digital thermometer and an ice bag.
“Uh oh. It looks like it’s getting worse.” He said as he approached the couch. He perched quite close to Sadie’s hip and felt her forehead. Sadie sighed as she felt Cisco’s warmth next to her, for she was chilled beyond belief. She remained silent as Cisco took her temperature. “Hmmm. Looks like you won’t be going out of the house any time soon.”
Sadie groaned. The sickness just had to come at the wrong time. “No. I have to sing at the church service tomorrow. Achoo!!!” In a hoarse voice, she explained to her housemate that she’d volunteered to sing a solo gospel song at the start off mass. She’d been doing so since three years ago, and the town now expected her to do the same this year. “Father Everett is going to kill me.”
“That’s just silly,” Cisco said as he collected the empty tea cup and swiped the used tissue into a paper bag. “Priests can’t kill people.”
“I meant figuratively, Cisco. Achoo!!! If I don’t – achoo – show up as promised – achoo – everyone will be so disappointed. ACHOO!!!”
Not one to lay idle, Sadie made as if to rise from the couch. But Cisco’s hand on her shoulder stopped her before she could stumble her way to the bedroom. If she were a picture of health, she would have taken Cisco to be a domineering brute and told him to shove off. But being sick gave her an excuse to become a damsel-in-distress, relying solely on the presence of her knight in shining armor. It felt really good being the sole recipient of Cisco’s tender loving care.
Whoa! Step back, sister, Sadie scolded herself. We’ve been down this road before, we’re not going back there again.
“Take it easy, Sade. Why don’t you let me call Father? I’ll tell him you can’t make it. Surely there are still a few people he can invite on such short notice.”
Sadie shook her head, more an act of trying to eliminate the hammering in her cranium than to put down Cisco’s suggestion. “But I have to sing the opening song. I always sing the opening song.”
“Hey, what if I take your place?”
Oh my gawd! “Are you serious? You? Sing?” Sadie gaped at this hunk of a man, all towering muscle and stubborn chauvinist genes, but could not fathom how crazy his idea was.
“Yeah. I mean, how hard could it be? I was in the choir group in high school.”
“I recall that you sang like a cow in high school,” Sadie grumbled. True enough, Cisco had enlisted to be part of Tucket High’s chorale group. He’d signed up in his first year of high school, for reasons nobody really knew. It was rumored that he did so to humor his mother, or because he did actually want something written in his year book.
“Well if you don’t want my help why didn’t you just say so?” Cisco replied acidly.
His bitter voice made Sadie regret her comment. The only thing that came out of Cisco’s joining the choir group was him turning into the butt of jokes. It was said that the moment he opened that mouth of his, their maestro told him to take the donkey out of his throat first. Of course, Sadie hadn’t believed all of this. First of all, she was only seven and, along with Peggy, worshipped the ground Cisco walked on. Second, it was a mean neighbor who’d said that, a big fat thirteen-year-old bully who lived a floor above their apartment and liked picking on the younger kids.
The jealous neighbor however, was bowled over the next school year when Cisco came back from summer vacation. He brought with him a gold-and-tan look, lean muscles just starting to thicken into the mouthwatering cords they were now, and a sexy voice that had all the horny seniors, female or otherwise, dripping with sweat. That was when all the other girls started noticing him. Sadie and Peggy became nothing more than the neighbor kids, too young to date or flirt with and yet too old to babysit.
“All right. Let me hear your voice.” Sadie said, just to humor Cisco and keep her mind from thinking up the events of the past. She didn’t expect Cisco to sing one of the handsomest renditions of ‘Old Toy Trains’ she’d heard in a while. His diction was remarkable, his moderated voice soft but clear, and his note transitions spotless. His singing made her chest warm and her arms prickle with goose-bumps.
“Whoa. Did you get some kind of laryngeal transplant or something?” she commented afterwards.
“No. It’s just that puberty attacked me just after I signed on for the choir group. That’s why I sang like a cow. My vocal chords were undergoing a major transition.”
“My poor baby!” Sadie exclaimed dramatically in response to Cisco’s incongruous face.
“So what do you say, Bright-eyes?” He finally allowed his wicked grin to replace his fake scowl. “Am I in or not?”
Much as Sadie wanted to deny him, she couldn’t. She didn’t want to let Father Everett down, and she didn’t want Cisco’s talent to go to waste either. What bothered her was that she now owed Cisco a lot. He’d been there for her at the times she needed someone. He’d cleaned her house. He’d shared her company.
 “Just tell Father Everett I sent you. He’ll be more than happy once he hears that voice.”
“And you should put your feet back on this cushion and rest. And drink a lot of fluid so that you won’t look like a drowned vegetable. And by the time I get home, I want you in bed already.” Cisco tucked her into the blanket.
She couldn’t imagine why those other girls ten years ago hadn’t appreciated this side of Cisco. They mostly drooled over his handsome face, not the tender marshmallow-like side. If only they’d known…
Sadie felt a slight twinge of pain in her chest from just thinking about Cisco running around with those other girls. Why, if she didn’t know better, she would think herself in love with Cisco. Was she?
No, she mentally scolded herself. You’re just thinking like this because you’re sick.
 “You’re not my doctor, Cisco. I can take care of myself.” She grumbled as Cisco leaned over her to adjust the pillow behind her head.
“Did I say that I wanted to be your doctor?” He asked, a hint of something unfathomable in his eyes as they landed on hers. He was so close to her, she needed only to change the angle of her head for their lips to touch.
“No.”
“That’s right,” she could feel Cisco’s breath at the corner of her temple. She almost lost coherent thought. She didn’t think she could force another sentence out of her lips, but she managed to do so.
“What… what would you want to be… to me?”
For a while, something intense and entirely compelling flashed in Cisco’s eyes. Then the feeling that had been there slowly ebbed as Cisco retracted. Sadie felt disappointed, but she didn’t know why.
“A friend,” Cisco murmured as he traced Sadie’s cheek with his thumb. And before Sadie could react to what he’d done, he was out the door.
. o 0 December 15 at 6:30 p.m. 0 o .
“In every prayer and every song
The community unites,
Celebrating the birth
Of our Savior, Jesus Christ.”
– Christmas In Our Hearts lyrics
“I must say, that was quite a performance young man,” Father Everett approached Cisco Silver after the mass. It had been ten years since he’d seen the lad, and he was quite surprised that Cisco had chosen to go to church. He knew that Cisco was possibly the least religious in the Silver clan, and was therefore surprised to find that the man had volunteered to do the entrance solo. And what an entrance solo it was.
“Thank you, Father,” Cisco faced the old priest with a genuine smile. They were standing outside the chapel, its red brick walls with white trimming made more beautiful by the pristine snow that had fallen. The church was located beside the town center, and most of the families that had attended mass were already congregating outside the center’s doors. They were probably going to catch a late-night movie showing. Some of the people that Cisco knew invited him to join them, but he declined. He knew he would feel a little left out in the presence of a happy family. But if Sadie had been with him, then he would have agreed had she taken an interest.
“Sadie really wanted to come,” Cisco said, “but the cold she got yesterday wouldn’t let off. She really did want to sing for the Church.”
Father Everett smiled as he patted Cisco on the shoulder. “Yes, I know. She’s been doing that ever since she got out of high school, the poor girl. I’m glad she has you to lean on now.”
Cisco watched as the priest’s face tightened. “And I hope she’s just leaning, young man.”
“What do you mean?”
“Word spreads quickly in a little town like this, or have you forgotten?” Father Everett continued as he led Cisco to the far side of the church garden. Cisco had been standing alone and a little to the side of the entrance. He could have easily told him what he wanted to say, but he didn’t want to give the gossipmongers something more to talk about. “It’s going around that you and Sadie are sharing the same house – alone. As a friend I wouldn’t mind, since I’ve known you two from elementary school. But Cisco, as a priest-”
“I know,” Cisco groaned. He knew that this kind of talk would come out eventually, but he still wasn’t prepared for the ‘happy event.’ He rubbed the back of his neck, trying to find the right words to convince Father Everett that nothing fishy was going on. “Look, I’m sorry Father. But the fact of the matter is that I don’t have anywhere to put up in town, what with the B and B full and all.”
“Didn’t any of your friends offer to put you up?” Father Everett asked.
“Well, a high school buddy did.”
“See?”
“But his wife is pregnant. I don’t think I’d be able to cope with that. I mean, I wouldn’t wanna be another mouth to feed, not when the woman’s so close to her time.” Cisco recalled the afternoon when he’d first seen Peggy after his ten-year absence. He didn’t feel as shocked or disappointed as he did then, but he still knew that he would have been in the way had he stayed.
“I see your point,” the priest conceded.
“And besides, I’m only staying until an extra room clears at the inn. And I’m not a freeloader. I clean up her house sometimes, and right now I’m still spoon-feeding her, literally.”
“Very well. I think I’ve done all I can to convince you.” Father Everett held out an arm for a handshake. He still didn’t like the idea of two single people from the opposite sexes living under the same roof, but he figured that Cisco and Sadie were old enough to make rational decisions. “Merry Christmas then, Cisco.”
“Merry Christmas, Father Everett.”
. o 0 December 18 at 7 p.m. 0 o .
“Chestnuts roasting on an open fire,
Jack Frost nipping on your nose,
Yuletide carols being sung by a choir
 And folks dressed up like Eskimos.”
– The Christmas Song lyrics
The house was postcard perfect after Sadie and Cisco cleaned and decorated it for the holiday. The roof edge and window panes were lined with Christmas lights, and the door sported a new pinecone wreath. Inside, all the couches sported red and green checkered covers Cisco had managed to find in one of the cupboards. Every picture frame and mirror carried at least one sprig of holly. Colorful lengths of ribbon wound around the balustrade and kitchen railings. Even Cisco’s bedroom, which had been the guest room, was no match to their festive mood.
The two double beds that were in the spacious room were now covered in Christmas bedding, with embroidered snowflakes popping out of the blue and green striped pattern behind them. But the sitting room was the best room of all. When Sadie was all better, they had decided to move the tree into the sitting room. For one, it was more spacious there. The tree also enhanced the beautiful white chimney and fireplace, where two stockings, both red with white fur frills, were tacked securely.
This was where Cisco and Sadie were enjoying a quiet conversation after yet another filling dinner. Cisco was sitting on one of the overstuffed chairs facing towards the fireplace. Sadie on the other hand, was sprawled out on the white faux fur rug covering the floor. On nights like this, so cold and near to Christmas, she usually felt alone. With the house located twenty minutes from town, she was truly isolated. But this night the fire was blazing and Cisco was keeping her company.
 “I still can’t believe you did that!” Sadie exclaimed as she got on her hands and knees and crawled to where Cisco was seated. She felt like she was a little girl again. She was quite comfortable acting like so in front of Cisco.
“What can I say? It’s Christmas, and I’m trying to do a good deed.” Cisco said as he closed the book that he was reading. In truth, he was reading more for the sake of finding something else his eyes could focus on. Sadie looked darn tempting on the white rug. With the glow of the fire landing directly on her, and her happy expression, she looked like a luminous angel. However, the skin-tight red sweater and matching red jogging pants that she wore over her curvaceous body weren’t angel material. Her breasts were outlined perfectly by the stretchy material, as was the tush that had kept Cisco constantly checking the front of his pants for any dent. He didn’t know if he would make it ‘til Christmas. Sadie’s body would probably give him a heart attack before then.
“Well what you did for me was more than good. Thank you.” Sadie knelt close to the arm rest and leaned her forearms and head near his elbow.
“You’re welcome,” Cisco almost didn’t catch what she said, so concentrated on tracing every dip and curve her sweater was trying to conceal. And speaking of sweater…
“Hey. I got you something.” Cisco rushed from the room. He raced over the left staircase to the guestroom and returned with a triumphant grin and gift bag in one hand.
“Really? It’s not even Christmas Eve.” Sadie cast him a wry smile before standing to collect the bag.
Cisco felt a sharp zing of electricity as their fingers brushed, and didn’t know quite what to do about it. “I know, but I couldn’t wait to give it to you.”
“And why is that?”
“Well, I wanna see you use my gift on Christmas Eve.”
Sadie didn’t bother reading the card attached to the bag’s handle, and Cisco figured it had been a long time since she’d received any present. He watched eagerly as she carefully removed the staples that held the bag of the mouth together. He suddenly felt anxious when Sadie peered into the opened bag, more anxious than when he’d asked a woman out for the first time.
Finally, all his anxiety was put to rest when Sadie laughed and pulled out his gift. “A white sweater?!” She looked at the brand name on the tag and then gasped quite loudly. “Oh my gawd. How much money did you pay for this? You did know I was just joking when I said that you owed me a new sweater, didn’t you?”
Even though Cisco thought he’d sound corny, he decided to go ahead with what had been playing in his mind. He really liked Sadie, and maybe given time, he’d develop some sort of attraction to her.
True, he was attracted to her body. That was a given. Maybe in time he’d be attracted to the idea of having her by his side day and night. In the meantime, he wanted to take things slow, which meant controlling his man parts and focusing on how to impress her. He’d been an ass in his teenage years, and so he promised that he was going to be a decent guy around Sadie. “I want you to wear this sweater when we go to the Christmas Eve mass on the twenty-fifth. And then when we get back here, I’m gonna cook you something really good. It’ll knock your socks off, trust me.”
“Is that a date?” she asked impishly.
And it surprised him, for he knew that Sadie didn’t normally act this way. She looked happier now, more mischievous and playful. Did she share the kind of feelings he’d been harboring these days? Was she starting to look at him as more than an old neighbor? “Why’d you say that?”
Sadie’s cheeks turned into a pretty shade of pink.
“It – uhm – it sounds like a date,” she said haltingly.
“Would you want it to be?” he asked cautiously, his voice little more than a murmur. And for a moment he thought Sadie would say yes.
She didn’t.
“Oh! I almost forgot.”
She rushed out of the room and returned with a small box. Sadie handed the box to him. It was red, with a pretty green bow on top. “I’ve got a gift for you too.”
“Yeah? What is this?”
“Why don’t you open it?”
Cisco grinned as he undid the ribbon and tore at the gift wrap around the box. He wondered what was inside as he took the lid off. And he was surprised with what he found. It was a nifty beadwork bracelet, of blue, green and red beads. They were connected with a stretchy yellow cord. Each bead sported a letter in gold ink: F-R-A-N-C-I-S-C-O-B-A-R-Y-O-N-H-E-R-N-A-N-D-E-S-S-I-L-V-E-R. He didn’t know that Sadie remembered his full name, even his crazy second name of Baryon. Nobody, not even his squealing feminine admirers years ago, seemed to remember his full name anymore, just his pretty face and ‘Cisco Silver.’ Here was Sadie, with actual proof that she knew who he was and what he had been before the fame. The bracelet was a real gift, not because it was material. It stood for the friend that he had in her.
“Wow, Sadie. I don’t know what to say.”
“Thank you?” Sadie suggested as she perched on an arm rest. Her cheeks were flushed with delight. “Honestly, I didn’t know what to give you. I mean, you have everything you want, but then I noticed that you don’t have one of these. Take it with you when you return to the city, that way you’ll remember that you have a – friend – who’ll always welcome you.”
“At least now I know somebody actually tolerates me in Tucket,” he stated seriously, causing Sadie to laugh. She was beautiful when she laughed, but then again she looked beautiful all the time.
“You are so right. I’m a very patient person.”
Sadie looked straight into his eyes, and he felt his soul trying to leap out of his body, trying to go to hers and embrace her wholeheartedly. Without thinking, he raised a hand to Sadie’s cheek and traced its curve. It was becoming second nature to him, touching the soft skin he actually wanted to put his lips on. “A very beautiful patient person.”
. o 0 December 19 at 9 a.m. 0 o .
“There’s a danger in loving somebody too much,
And it’s sad when you know it’s your heart they can’t touch.
There’s a reason why people don’t stay where they are…”
– Love Ain’t Enough lyrics
“Seriously?! This isn’t some kind of sick joke?”
Sadie stopped working on the wool vest she was knitting for the fashion house, and raised her head in Cisco’s general direction. She was seated on the comfy couch inside the living room, her feet propped on the wooden coffee table in front. The blue vest that she was working on was spread over her lap, weighed down by two metal knitting needles discarded in favor of watching Cisco’s conversation over the phone.
Cisco was standing in the kitchen, situated directly in front of her. His left fingers were rhythmically drumming on the kitchen table, while his right hand was pressing his cell phone to his ear. Sadie observed the expressions flitting over her housemate’s face, and from what she saw concluded that the news was probably good.
 Sadie hoped that the news was indeed good, for she was starting to realize that she wanted Cisco to have all the good things in life. She didn’t know why, but it was probably because of the way Cisco had been treating her these past days.
Cisco was particularly attentive. Cisco did little romantic things that touched and thrilled her at the same time, from making her cups of steamy chocolate milk in the morning to taking off her coat whenever she returned from town. And whenever Cisco did all these things for her, she felt shivers race from her toes to the very top of her head. Every time they brushed quite close to each other, she was finding it harder to conceal the gasp that wanted to escape her lips. She was trying very hard to deny the attraction that was brewing inside of her.
She wasn’t the kind of woman who fell for good looks. In fact, that character was at the very bottom of the list of criteria she considered when prospecting men. But she admitted to herself that she was a sucker for chivalry. And the Cisco she was with now was the very definition of the word.
Cisco was no big help either. In fact, it was as if he knew that Sadie had the hots for him. He was always looking at her as if he wanted to eat her. Sadie shivered just at the thought, but she wasn’t shivering because of distaste. She was shivering because she, in fact, wanted the taste. She craved for a great big dollop of Cisco Silver.
“Well, when?” Cisco continued on the phone. “But that’s three days from now, and over Christmas? What kind of company does that?”
Sadie shook her head, albeit slightly, to escape the crazy wanton thoughts that began running through it. She didn’t like eavesdropping on other people’s conversation, but she couldn’t help herself just now.
“I can’t just go on a whim, Joe. Can’t you convince the board to delay the trial period? Like a week later, maybe… All right, just do whatever you can… just, just try… thanks. Bye.”
Cisco’s back was tense as he ended the call and slipped his phone into his jeans pocket. Sadie went to him as he pinched the skin between his eyes. And when he sighed heavily, Sadie put her hand on his arm. She could feel the muscles underneath his cambric shirt. This isn’t the time to harass his biceps, her conscience reprimanded her.
“Hey. Who was that?” Sadie asked cautiously half-afraid that Cisco noticed the way her voice had gone breathy.
Apparently he didn’t, for he gave her a friendly smile. He hadn’t even noticed that she’d touched him. “That was my assistant, Joe Carver. He just phoned to tell me that our company’s home office was looking for a new head accountant, and that they were considering district employees for a promotion to that position. The other board members nominated me and their proposal was accepted just yesterday.”
“Oh, Cisco, that’s great news.” Sadie congratulated him genuinely. It was quite a feat, considering that Cisco was from a tiny town with a practically nonexistent population. Cisco was fortunate when he was hired as the accountant of an international business firm, but being recommended for a higher position takes the cake.
“But they want to meet me in person for an interview,” Cisco said, “and a one-week internship program, along with the six other applicants. They’ll decide which one of us to choose according to our performance.”
“I don’t see any problem with that. Why the long face then?”
Sadie knew she shouldn’t have said anything when Cisco took her hand from his arm and grasped it in his. “Sadie, the program starts on the twenty-third, in Japan of all places. I won’t be back in the country until well after Christmas if I go.”
Cisco didn’t say anything else, and Sadie realized that he really was indeed going. “And you will go, won’t you.”
“What choice do I have?” he sighed. “I don’t want to let my company down.”
Sadie firmed herself before saying what she had to. She’d known Cisco ever since he was a teenager, but only now did she see how much he was constantly trying to please people he knew. It was as if he wanted others to see that he wasn’t just a pretty face. And in the process, he’d forgotten to find his own contentment.
True he’d come back to Tucket, but not because of trying to win Peggy’s love. He came back because he wanted to find the contentment he needed. “You have a choice, Cisco. The company doesn’t matter, you do. Didn’t you tell me just a few days ago that this is the first time you’ve filed for a leave? I can’t believe they didn’t respect that.”
“Sade, this is different. For once I finally have the chance to accomplish something, not just sit around and make money. This is my chance to finally make my district office proud, my chance to bring esteem to my family name. Finally I can live up to what my mom and dad expected of me ten years ago.”
“They expected you to find a decent living, and you did that many years ago,” Sadie argued.
“I’m telling you Sade, it’s not enough.”
“It’s enough for me!”
Cisco’s face hardened, his ears turned red. Sadie felt like she was watching a thunderstorm about to erupt its earsplitting succession of sounds. “So that’s it? Just because I ended up on your lap, in your house, you can order me about? Just because you’ve been the star-achiever ever since you were little, you can tie all of us losers to the bottom of-”
“Stop it! Stop it, Cisco. This discussion is not about me.” Sadie was hurt. Did he really think that this was some pity case? That all this time she was just handing charity? Can’t you tell that I’m in love with you for gawd’s sake?!
Sadie had to admit that she did. Cisco had become more to her than a friend. If his choosing a meaningless career over her hurt that much, it must be.
“Then what is it about?!” Cisco yelled, slapping his big hand on the dining table’s surface. The bang that resulted did nothing to scare Sadie.
“Isn’t it obvious?! Us!” She yelled back.
“Us?”
Sadie stopped, unable to believe that she’d just said the word. Cisco looked genuinely shocked when he heard it.
Sadie sighed as she ran a trembling hand through her hair. “Never mind. Just… just do what you have to do. You’re not my servant or anything,”
“Sadie? Sade, what’s wrong?” Cisco looked like a lost fawn as he followed her down the kitchen steps. When Sadie picked a coat from the hook by the door, Cisco tried holding her back. But Sadie needed some time alone to analyze what she was feeling. Yelling at someone wasn’t how she normally dealt with misunderstandings, but she just did it to Cisco.
“Forget it, okay?”
“Sade, I don’t understand what you’re talking about.”
“Me neither… I’m going for a walk.”
She didn’t wait for Cisco’s reply. She marched out the door and into the light snowfall. She hoped that things would calm down when she got home.
When she did, Cisco was nowhere to be found.
. o 0 December 25 at 12:01 a.m. 0 o .
“How many times can I break ‘til I shatter?
Over the line, can’t define what I’m after.
I always turn the car around.”
– Shattered lyrics
Cisco’s eyes never left the view outside his apartment window. Tall buildings and glass and steel structures surrounded every side of the establishment he was currently residing in. The firm’s home branch was located in one of the busiest cities in Japan. There were people everywhere, even at night. It was like stepping into a place a hundred times more populated than Arborton.
He sat on the arm rest of the couch in the common sitting area, and rubbed the back of his neck. He was a very long way from home.
“Hey there, hotshot. Why aren’t you pouring out the champagne already?”
Cisco turned his head and realized that Celia Dominguez was referring to him. You’re the only one in this room, idiot. Cisco felt stupid for having to remind himself of that fact.
Putting on an easy smile on his face, he left the couch and approached the nominee from Europe. Celia was tall and willowy. Cisco could only guess how she kept that figure trim between working and taking care of three kids. “Did you say something?”
“Silver, the clock just struck twelve a minute ago. Shouldn’t you be greeting me a Merry Christmas?” she replied.
It was indeed a minute after midnight, and Cisco hadn’t even noticed. His mind had been too busy going back to his holiday leave. He missed home, and he missed Sadie.
He had packed his things and left the house as soon as Sadie went for her walk. He was pissed at that time, specifically because he didn’t know what they were arguing about and Sadie had been too mad to give him a hint. He’d left a note on the guest room dressing table, assuring Sadie that he wasn’t going to go off on a drinking binge again. It stated that he wasn’t going to waste any more time in Tucket; he had to get ready for his trip.
Regret gnawed Cisco’s stomach. The letter he had written was cold. He hadn’t even thanked Sadie for her hospitality. At the time, he thought that Sadie was kind to him only because he couldn’t stay anywhere else in Tucket. But now he knew that she’d done so because she thought they were friends. She’d given him the bracelet that he was wearing even now.
Cisco hoped they were still friends. But after what he just did, walking out in the middle of an argument, Sadie had a right to bash him over the head with a skillet.
“Okay, what’s with the look?” Celia asked, her left eyebrow rising almost high enough to touch her hairline.
“Nothing.”
“You’re a terrible liar, you know that?” she commented.
“We’ve only known each other for three days.”
“I’m a good judge of character. My husband says so.” Celia took his arm and led him to the couch. She was only six or so years older than Cisco, but she was like a doting mother when with the rest of the nominees. “So… who’s this girl you were foolish enough to leave back at Halida?”
Cisco stared at Celia. That was way too specific. Or maybe it was just obvious enough for her to see. Did the other nominees know he was pining after a woman that some weeks ago had just been an old neighbor? “How did you-”
Celia laughed before Cisco could finish his sentence. He felt like a complete fool, like someone having been told a really great joke and not knowing that it was already past the time to laugh. Was being without Sadie turning him into a dummy?
His co-nominee lifted his hand and patted it comfortingly. She smiled and looked out the window, as if seeing something that only she could.
“I’m married. I’ve worn that look too many times not to notice it on another person’s face. And from experience, I know that there are only two solutions.” She said softly.
“Oh?” Cisco wanted to hear this. He figured that he was going to get some good advice from a good woman.
“You either both of you learn to adjust to long distance relationships or do what I do when I can’t take it anymore. Drag my behind back home.”
Cisco chuckeld. “Why aren’t you?”
“Oh, I am.” Celia said as she took her laptop from the coffee table and connected it to the internet. “In fact, I’m gonna buy my ticket right now.”
She was actually doing that? She was leaving her chance to become one of the richer blokes walking on the planet because she missed her husband and kids? Who would do that?
Of course, a person who was so in love with someone that he or she couldn’t bear to be away from that someone for too long. And that was how Cisco was feeling right now. He was definitely head over heels crazy in love with Sadie Goal. It was a pity that he grasped the truth of it after leaving. If he’d known sooner, he wouldn’t have left at all. He would have taken Sadie into his arms, almost squeeze the daylights out of her and kiss her senseless until she told him that she loved him back. But now he was very much far away from Halida and Sadie to do those things. So why in carnations wasn’t he doing anything about it?
He smiled. He should do something about it. Sadie was the only one of her kind, and he’d be darned if he let a girl like that get away from him. “Hey, can you make that two tickets?”
.o000o.
The snowfall stopped just as Sadie stepped out of the church in Tucket. She sighed heavily as she looked at the people mingling in the church garden. Whole families were bundled up in heavy winter gear. It was just a few minutes after midnight, and everyone was greeting everyone else a very merry Christmas.
Sadie however, didn’t know what part of her Christmas was still merry.
When she arrived home and realized that Cisco had left already, with only an impersonal note to mark his stay at her house, she felt truly angry. How dare he leave her in the middle of a silly fight, with no clue as to where he was going? She’d crumpled the note and left it in the garbage can to be forgotten the next day.
But then her anger gave way to concern. Where was he going to stay now that he had left? Had he gone back to the city? Those were the thoughts that plagued her as she passed through the normal routine of working and keeping house.
Cisco, despite becoming an impulsive ass by leaving her at the drop of a hat, was at least good enough to tell her not to worry about him. And Sadie appreciated that he said so. Now everything was going to go back to the way it was. Or not.
“I’ve been looking everywhere for you!” A high-pitched voice called out to Sadie just as she pasted a smile on her face and got ready to greet the people that were familiar to her. In the small town of Tucket, almost everybody knew everybody else.
“Izzy? I thought you were with your cousin,” Sadie said as she stopped to talk to Isabel. The latter was panting after having run from the other side of the church grounds. Unlike Sadie, who wore either pastel or neutral colors, Izzy loved donning on a neon wardrobe. Her lime green snow apparel would have made Sadie’s eyes pop in the middle of the day. Thank heavens it was around midnight.
 “Oh I was,” Izzy continued after she inhaled enough breath to talk audibly. “He just sent me to look for you.”
Sadie inclined her head curiously. She’d only met Izzy’s cousin once, and they had conversed for only about five minutes then. From their short time, Sadie remembered that the man dressed like a disciple of Bill Gates and rubbed elbows with Ford’s wealthiest one-hundred. At first she was shocked by how rich Izzy’s family actually was. Izzy later confided in her that despite the large inheritance she had in the bank, enough to get her through the rest of her life, she found it enjoyable to work in a small hick town where people wouldn’t take advantage.
Coming back to the present, Sadie asked the only question she could think of. “Why?”
“Well, he owns a new cruise ship which needs a new on-board singer. And guess what? He wants you!”
“Me?” Sadie gulped. This wasn’t what she expected.
“Yeah!” Izzy said as she took Sadie’s hand and tried to lead her to where her cousin was. “The moment he heard your voice on that choir loft, he asked me ‘Do you know that woman?’ and I was like ‘Know her? I’ve been working with her for four years.’ So after the mass I give him a rundown of you, and he was so pleased with what I said that he asked me for an introduction.
“So? Do you want to meet him?”
“Izzy, I don’t think that’s a good idea. I mean, a cruise ship?”
“An international cruise ship!” Izzy stopped dragging Sadie, and put her hands on the latter’s shoulders. “Come on, Sadie. You’ve always dreamed of the high life. Can’t you just see it? The wide ocean, a beautiful vessel, the champagne flowing, jazz music in the background. Who knows, maybe you’ll find your own Jack Dawson. It might be like Titanic come to life.”
“The Titanic capsized on its maiden voyage,” Sadie pointed out. This was a ridiculous idea. She was content right here in Tucket, working at the dress shop and helping out at The Catnip. She had friends here like Izzy and Peggy.
Izzy sighed and rubbed her temple with a gloved hand. “I’m not saying that you’re gonna die in the middle of a freezing ocean. I’m saying go for it.”
“Why?” Sadie asked again.
“Sadie, nothing’s gonna happen to you if you stay here. Even Cisco left in the middle of the holidays. Nothing’s left for you here. And don’t you dare make me your excuse, because my boyfriend comes back from Hawaii in ten days. And he’s staying permanently.”
Izzy was right. Nothing was going to happen to her in Tucket. She’d been contented with the way things were. But when Cisco left, she realized she would never be content even if things went back to the way they were.
Cisco didn’t come back for you, her inner self told her. He came here for Peggy, and left because of you. What made you think you were enough to bring him back?
I was never waiting for Cisco. I stayed because I felt guilty for leaving and causing my parents’ death. Sadie battled.
Liar. You stayed because of Cisco.
And it was true, Sadie realized. When her parents died, she could have gone, moved to another town, even a city, so she could forget the pain that terrible night wrought on her. But she’d stayed. It was not because she was afraid to leave town. She was afraid to leave town without Cisco. All this time, she was waiting for Cisco. And she didn’t even know why.
She now recognized that the little things she used to do for Cisco were early manifestations of the feeling she would know as love. And she realized that Cisco did not reciprocate. He’d been attracted, but only physically. He had never been attracted enough to stay in Tucket with her. It looked like she had nothing left for her in Tucket indeed. “Okay. Where did you last leave your cousin?”
. o 0 December 26 at 7 a.m. 0 o .
"Baby, please don’t go.
If I wake up tomorrow,
Would you still be here?”
– Please Don’t Go lyrics
Cisco began running the moment he stepped foot on Halida soil. He ran to his car, drove the car recklessly from Arborton to Tucket, and continued running after his own car ran – ran out of gas on the outskirts of Tucket.
He ran so hard that he didn’t even notice the chill of the air. It was much colder in Tucket compared to Arborton. But the cold wasn’t enough to sway him from his mission. He reached Sadie’s house just as the woman was locking up the door. Cisco almost collided with her as she went out of the property’s gate. “Sadie! Sadie!”
“Cisco? What on earth are you doing here? I – I thought you were in Japan.”
She looked cute when she was befuddled and stuttering. He wanted so much to tell her that, but it could wait. Right now it was more important to convince her to come with him. He leaned on his knees and took in huge gulps of air. “I was. I came back because-”
Cisco raised his head and noticed the huge luggage bag next to the gate, topped with a canvas bag that bulged as if it contained the whole continent. “What’s all this? Are you going off somewhere without even telling me?”
“I thought you weren’t going back,” Sadie whispered as she adjusted the purse hanging from one shoulder.
“Not going back? Of course I’m going back. I just did, if you haven’t noticed.”
“Well I’m not going back. I’m going to work on a cruise liner next week.”
Cisco gaped. A cruise liner? Seriously? And right after he had taken so hard to half-run, half-drive like a madman?! Well, she wasn’t going anywhere if Cisco had anything to say about it. And he did have something to say.
Cisco straightened and looked her in the eye. “Why?”
“Well, I’m going to live the high life,” Sadie said in a way that made it sound like a memorized speech. “And – and I don’t have anything or anyone here to stop me from doing it.”
“I’m not buying that nonsense. Sadie, you have a great life here. You have a house-”
“I gave it over to the real estate agent.”
“And Izzy-”
“She’s getting married to her boyfriend any day now. She’ll be fine without me.”
“And the bar-”
“Listen to yourself Cisco!” Sadie snapped, loud enough for Cisco’s eardrums to ring. “You’re telling me to stay in this town, in this place where people keep leaving me. Pretty soon I’m going to be the only one left.”
“Come with me,” the command came out so suddenly that the both of them were surprised.
 “What?”
“To Japan. I talked to the supervisors and they granted me two days’ absence. If I don’t come back they’ll consider me ousted, Sadie. Come with me, Sade. You can still live the high life there, and I can still impress the home office.”
For a moment Sadie’s eyes glittered with excitement, but then dimmed. “No, Cisco. I will not be bullied into doing anything against my will. I will not go with you just because I can be some sort of a – a distraction, or a convenience.”
“You are not either of those Sadie,” Cisco took one of her hands in his.
Sadie snatched it away. “That’s what you made me feel when you came waltzing back and leaving in the blink of an eye. Tell me. Was it fun taking advantage of girls like us?”
Sadie squared her shoulders. “Peggy wasn’t the only starry-eyed girl who couldn’t bear to see you go away. I was there too, Cisco.”
“You were where?” Cisco asked. He was terribly confused. Was she saying what he thought she was?
“Who brought you those cookies every Friday night? Who helped your mom do your laundry? Who let you borrow her scissors when you couldn’t find yours? Who reminded you to wash your hands every time you passed the apartment hallway after taking out the trash?
“I was there Cisco, right in front of you. I was doing what other girls have been wanting to do for you, even before you became all cover-boy gorgeous. Even before you were pin-up poster material, I was there. And you didn’t even see me.”
“Sadie, I-” Cisco bit his tongue. His mouth felt dry, his tongue petrified. Sadie turned her back before Cisco could get a firm hold of her shoulders.
“Well I’m not a starry-eyed girl anymore. I now realize it was just a silly little infatuation. I thought you’d changed, being really nice to me when we were together. Being understanding when I told you about my parents. But you’re still the same. That’s why I’m determined to never think of you and this place again.”
.o000o.
“Cisco? You’re back early.”
Jeremiah stood directly in front of him, one hand in his pocket and the other holding onto the door frame of his and Peggy’s house. Cisco sighed and removed the scarf around his neck. “Yeah.”
“It must have been a long flight, huh. Wanna come in and talk?” Jeremiah offered.
“Actually, that’s what I came here for,” Cisco admitted as he walked by Jeremiah. “But I meant to talk to Peggy.”
“Somebody mention my name?” Peggy waddled from the kitchen, one hand rubbing the small of her back. She glanced at their visitor and noticed the dark bags under his eyes. They screamed ‘I haven’t slept in three days’ and ‘I need a woman’s point-of-view’ at the same time.
“Oh boy, I think I know these kinds of talks. Wait right here, I’m going to get some soda.”
Cisco was shown to the parlor where he sat on a mustard-colored couch with gold flowers. Jeremiah kept him company with small talk, up until Peggy returned with two soda cans and a cup of tea for herself. They sat together and, without much prompting, Cisco told them of what Sadie had said earlier.
When Peggy asked him why Sadie said those hurtful things about him, he answered that Sadie probably drew her conclusions from the way he’d acted years ago. Cisco also told them that Sadie wasn’t as indifferent to him as they thought she was. Little Miss Goal had been hiding her own infatuation as a child, and had just recently found the courage to tell him about it. Then she’d smashed his hopes by telling him that was all it was, not the all-consuming love he now felt for her.
“Well you gave me quite a shock,” Peggy said after Cisco was done speaking. “All those years of being a close friend and even I didn’t know. I cried a river for you the day you went away, and I lived on the opposite side of the street. I can’t imagine how hard it must have been for her.”
“I was a boor, thinking of her like a little sister and then passing her off when my looks became popular. I didn’t even realize I was breaking a lot of hearts when I was playing around. I assumed it was all just a game, but I didn’t know I hurt those girls.” Cisco closed his eyes and sighed. “I didn’t know I hurt you and Sadie.”
“You were cruel to keep us hoping for something more. To keep her hoping for something more.”
“I know. I feel so guilty, not to mention stupid.”
“And you should,” Jeremiah said quietly beside Peggy.
Cisco cast an annoyed look at his friend. This wasn’t his problem. He had had no trouble getting Peggy to fall in love with him. “Why?”
“You’re asking me that? When you’re the one who’s supposed to solve the problem?”
Peggy was a bit gentler though, as she prodded Cisco to tell the truth. “Tell me truly, Cisco Silver. Why do you feel guilty and stupid?”
“Because I hurt her feelings,” Cisco said honestly. He still remembered the way Sadie left him in front of her house, stiff-backed and without any light in her eyes.
“Why?” Peggy asked.
“Because I didn’t say anything when she got into the cab headed for the city.”
“Why?”
“Because I was afraid to tell her that I – that I love her,” Cisco finally said, and felt relieved that he could do so. He felt more than relieved. It was as if the heavens had opened up. He felt free and content. Because he loved Sadie.
“Well there you go,” Peggy said. “You figured that all on your own. You didn’t need to talk to little old me. Now my final question is, what are you gonna do about it?”
Cisco smiled. Everything was clear in his head. “The first thing? Get some gas.”
. o 0 December 27 at 6 a.m. 0 o .
“Won’t you say you miss me, honey?
You’ll mend my broken heart.
I know you like to kiss me,
And it’s tearing me apart.”
– I Wanna Hold You lyrics
All the silence made Sadie think she was deaf. She walked out of the Arborton Hotel at exactly six in the morning, way too early for anybody else to be out in the street. Arborton City wasn’t an all-night business hub like she first thought. The late businesses closed before one in the morning, even the clubs. As it was, only the street-sweepers and several heavily garbed early birds like her were walking on the pavement. They were probably out to open shops or get their first cup of coffee, unlike her.
She was due at the pier by seven sharp, and had no idea how to get there on her own from the hotel. She pulled her luggage bag behind her, and carried her canvas bag in one free hand. Sadie figured that the only way she was going to get to the pier was if she took a cab or asked for directions before taking a bus. And since she didn’t want to spend a lot before receiving the payment for her house, she decided on directions.
She stopped at the intersection a ways from the hotel and scanned the few people close by. One man stood out particularly, not because he was wearing a russet-colored coat that looked too expensive to be exposed to the snowy weather, but because he emitted nice vibes. He seemed oddly safe and familiar, so Sadie chose to ask him.
He was tall, broad-shouldered and slim-hipped. Sadie noticed this even when he was sitting on one of the public benches. He had on a black fedora settled low over his head, and she had to tap him on the shoulder to gain his attention. Even then, she couldn’t see his face for his hat was concealing it. “Excuse me, do you know the way to the pier?”
The man didn’t say anything, just stood up, took her wrist, and began leading her from the hotel. “Hey, what do you think you’re doing? I only asked, not tell you to drag me there.”
“I know.”
His voice shocked her almost as much as the handcuff he suddenly put around her wrist. A handcuff that was connected to the wrist of his own hand!
“Cisco?” Sadie gasped as the man removed the canvas bag from her hand and swung it over his shoulder. He continued towing her like a wayward child. What in the world? “Let go of me. Let go. Right. Now.”
Cisco paused, and studied her carefully. “Hmm… No.”
“What?! Have you lost your senses?!” Sadie ranted uselessly. Nobody was on the path they were taking. It was too early and too cold for anybody to go down this path. “And handcuffs, for gawd sakes!”
“I borrowed them.”
“This is completely outrageous. Let me go now.”
“Not a chance, Bright-eyes.”
“Where are you taking me?”
“Back to Tucket where you belong. Where we belong.”
Sadie groaned when Cisco said nothing more. She was led to a shiny black car parked on the side of the pavement. The handcuff came off, but Sadie knew she wouldn’t be able to outrun Cisco. Cisco had longer legs, plus she didn’t want to leave her luggage behind. “You are completely irrational. Nothing happened to me in Tucket, and nothing ever will.”
“Something did happen, Sadie. And not just to you. It happened to me as well. I’m not letting you go anywhere until after you realize what I stumbled into. Heck, I’m not letting you go, ever.”
Sadie swore as Cisco pried the luggage from her hand and moved them into the trunk of the car. If only she knew she was going to be kidnapped, then she wouldn’t have asked in the first place. “You witless, impulsive, overbearing, conniving-”
“I love you, Sadie Goal. That’s what happened to me. I love you!”
Sadie’s mouth hung open, but not for long. Before she knew it, Cisco was kissing her!
She couldn’t believe it! He just closed the darn trunk, grabbed her by the shoulders and crushed her to his lips! And the odd part was that Sadie found it unbearably sexy.
She struggled at first, surprised by what Cisco had done. But then she melted, her knees going weak, her arms flailing, trying to find purchase before she fell into a heap on the pavement. She whimpered, not knowing what to do with her crazy limbs.
Cisco released her shoulders, grasped her hands and wound them around his neck. And when Sadie didn’t protest, he walked her backwards to the car and continued seducing her with his lips. She fit perfectly in his arms, her figure a startling complement to his. Cisco wanted to ravish her on the pavement, until her black hair fanned over the snow and contrasted its whiteness.
But he knew better than that. He had to get Sadie back to Tucket and explain everything there.
.o000o.
“We should really stop this while we still have the chance,” Sadie murmured as Cisco trapped her between the porch railings and his body. They were back at her house, which technically wasn’t her house anymore, cuddling up to each other like love-crazed penguins. Sadie felt ridiculous, berating and kissing the same man in twenty-four hours. It just wasn’t normal.
“What’s there to stop?” Cisco asked, leaning over her and kissing her on the forehead. He should have been shocked, doing things like this to a woman without even a first date. But it felt right, somewhat natural. “I love you. It’s obvious you feel something for me. What’s keeping us from being together?”
“Cisco we can’t do this,” Sadie argued. “We don’t have the know-how to do this – this – well…” It was hard building a coherent sentence when a man was nuzzling the back of one’s ear.
“Relationship,” he whispered.
“If you can call it that. I mean, this house was supposed to be closed. And your superiors are still waiting for signs you’re still alive. You can’t keep them in suspense like this.”
“Those are no reasons to back out of something that might last forever.”
“Forever?”
Cisco stopped and moved back, but not far enough to lose all connection to her. “All right. I know that I was a wastrel in my younger years. I was a drifter when it came to the ladies, and completely hopeless when it came to good behavior. But Sadie, I’ve changed. Come on, you’ve seen what I’ve become. I may not have been forever material before, but now is a different story.”
“I don’t believe it,” For all she knew, Cisco was chasing her because he was desperate to regain his playboy façade. And when he got tired of her he would most probably go back to the city.
“I promise, Sadie. I’m going to prove to you that I’ve changed.” Cisco said when he noticed the doubt in her eyes. No way was he going to put any doubts in her little head. He promised to himself that before the day ended, Sadie would be his.
“Wait. Where are you going?”
Cisco didn’t stop dashing from the porch when Sadie called to him. He looked over his shoulder and blew her a kiss. “Stay right here, Bright-eyes. You step one foot out of this house without my say-so, I’m gonna track you down.”
 “Wait, Cisco.”
“Don’t move. Don’t go anywhere! Love ya!”
Sadie groaned and watched as Cisco drove into town, leaving her and her things on the porch. She looked about her, noting that everything looked the same. The trees surrounding her house were still barren of leaves, the gate still frosted with icicles, the walkway still heaped with snow. With a groan, Sadie went to the little shed that stood by the house and took out a shovel.
She’d rather tend the garden that wasn’t hers to tend to anymore, than stand around and wait for the man to get back. So she shoveled and chipped icicles and swept snow from the porch. Then she sat on the steps and leaned on the banister. She must have fallen asleep, for it was obviously darker when she opened her eyes again.
Snow was falling again, and quite heavily. A strange rumbling sound came from the direction of the road. Sadie swore under her breath and got up, determined to give Cisco hell for making her wait this long. She marched to the gate, opened it with great force and stood at the other side of the road. “I swear I’m gonna wring your thick neck for making a fool out of me, Cisco Silver.”
But it wasn’t Cisco coming up the road. They weren’t even human. There were two of them, with compact bodies, powerful legs, velvet fur and large, deadly antlers. The stags were out of control, both running from what must have been a hunter in the woods. Before she could privately berate the trigger-happy idiot for hunting on the wrong side of town again, the animals turned and headed her way. And they were moving real fast!
Shocked, she did the only thing she thought to do – fall back onto the snow, of course!
But it wasn’t a graceful dive, for upon impact she realized that she had fallen into the ditch on the other side of the house. She’d completely forgotten all about the ditch!
The leg that took all of her weight collapsed under her, and she hit her head on something hard as she crumpled to the ground. The pain that zinged from her foot was all she felt before slipping into unconsciousness. And she lay there until ten minutes later, when Cisco arrived, scanned the area in a panic and saw her unmoving body.
. o 0 December 28 at 9 a.m. 0 o .
“Tell me what you want from here.
Something that were like those years.
Sick of all the insincere,
So I’m gonna give all my secrets away.”
– Secrets lyrics
Lights were shining above her, and her peripheral vision was hazy. Something itchy was stuck to the back of her hand, and a beeping sound came from somewhere beside the bed. She felt a separate hand holding the one that wasn’t attached to the IV. “Ugh… whu… where?”
“Shh, honey. It’s okay, you’re fine now.” Cisco raised Sadie’s hand to his lips and kissed it. He’d never known fear until he saw Sadie spread-eagled at the bottom of that ditch. She looked like she’d been violated, and Cisco almost choked on the idea. He didn’t know what he’d do if Sadie went through that kind of horrible experience; probably regret leaving her alone on the porch for the rest of his days.
He’d checked Sadie’s pulse, relieved when he found it, and called the hospital through his phone.  They’d sent an ambulance right away. Afterwards, Cisco dialed the police department. They sent along an investigator to find out what happened. And while the investigation was going on, Cisco never left the woman’s side. Fever had set upon her weary body, and Cisco had fretted about it. He ran the nurses ragged until the fever subsided in the early hours of the morning.
“Cisco? What – what happened?” asked as she raised her hand and felt the bandage around her head. One spot on her right temple felt particularly sore.
“You almost got totaled by the wildlife, honey. It was a good thing you accidentally fell into a ditch instead.”
“Is that supposed to be a good thing?” Sadie scolded, and then groaned when the effort of trying to sound angry became too much. “Oh gawd, I feel awful.”
“You’ll live,” Cisco said, not letting go of the hand that was trapped in his. He wasn’t going to let go ever again.
“But if I died I wouldn’t feel like this.”
“That bad? The doctor assured me it was only a fractured ankle. It must be all the meds they pumped into you.”
“I feel like Santa accidentally ran over me with his sleigh,” she rasped. “This is your entire fault, you know. If you hadn’t gotten it into your mind to shanghai me, I wouldn’t have ended up with a broken bone.”
Cisco grinned and moved closer to her. “At least my favorite parts weren’t damaged,” he whispered.
Sadie sucked in a big breath and pulled her free hand from his grasp. “Oh you – you uncouth, insensitive, perverted… MAN! I hate you! Ouch!!!”
Cisco cringed when Sadie’s face turned into a painful grimace. He felt the pain right down to his core, since it was the woman he adored who felt it. “I’m sorry, Sadie. I was just joking, okay? You don’t know how scared I was by the time I came to your side. I was just trying to ease my own fright. I didn’t mean to offend you. Truly. Please forgive me?”
“Why are you doing this to me? You promised to show me you love me, but then you didn’t come back.” Sadie whined.
“Bright-eyes, I didn’t mean to be gone so long. I bought you a ring, see?” Cisco dug in his pocket and took out a silver band with a diamond set on it. It looked absolutely beautiful and absolutely expensive.
Sadie gasped when she saw it sitting on his broad palm. Was it really what she thought it was? “Cisco…”
“I wanted you to have a choice, of course. I’d be an absolute brute if I dragged you to the altar like a sack of potatoes. I’d really be happy, over the moon and Crab Nebula in fact, if you said yes. But if you really wanted to go…”
“Cisco,” Sadie breathed as her eyes became glassy with tears, “I – I have something to tell you.”
“What is it Sadie?” Cisco kept the ring in his palm, even as he leaned forward to take Sadie’s hand in his again. This time she didn’t pull away.
“I didn’t stay in Tucket out of regret for my parents. I stayed because I waited for you.”
Sadie was finding it very hard to let out her big secret. But she knew she had to do this before they could go anywhere. Cisco had bought her a ring. Surely he didn’t plan on leaving her then. If Cisco was man enough to propose to her, then she sure was woman enough to share all her feelings with the man she loved. “Peggy was able to love somebody else who loved her in return. She forgot, little by little, how much she missed you. Soon she had a husband, and now she’s expecting a bouncing bundle of joy. I wasn’t so lucky, Cisco. I had it so hard that I would have thrown myself onto a funeral pyre if I knew how to make one.”
Cisco smiled. This time he hovered over her and kissed the sore spot on her head. “Well I’m glad you didn’t. I love you, you know. Maybe not then, but now… I got you a ring. I bought back the house.”
“You bought my house?”
“No, I bought our house. I wanna marry you, settle down, make a baby or two…” Cisco chuckled when he saw Sadie blush. But what he said was true. He really wanted to start a family with this woman, and he was sure that Sadie wanted the same thing. The look in her eyes confirmed what he just thought. “I know I made you wait for a long, long time, but I’m hoping that you don’t retaliate.”
“What about your job?” she asked cautiously.
“I’ve got enough money to start my own office, hopefully in some town closer to here.”
Sadie exhaled. Cisco made it all sound so simple. She was really flattered that Cisco loved her, but she was still apprehensive. It wasn’t that she didn’t love Cisco, she truly did. It was just that everything had happened so quickly. She’d just decided to throw her hopes and dreams two days ago, and now here she was being offered those hopes and dreams again. It was all so confusing and scary. “As much as I wanna give you your answer, I can’t. I need time to think, Cisco.”
“Then I’ll wait,” Cisco kissed her cheek, “even after my hairs turn grey.”
. o 0 December 31 at 5:30 p.m. 0 o .
 “Girl I’ve been thinkin’ ‘bout us,
And you know I ain’t good at this stuff,
But these feelings pilin’ up won’t give me no rest.”
– Honey Bee lyrics
 “How’s your leg?” Cisco asked as he entered Sadie’s room, paper bag in one hand. He took out two burgers from the bag, handed one to Sadie and settled himself at the foot of the bed.
“A little better. The painkillers work like a charm.” Sadie smiled before biting into the double cheeseburger that Cisco had ordered for her. Now that they were an item, it wasn’t so embarrassing to show their affections for each other. The only not-so-good side to their relationship was that they weren’t alone in the house anymore.
Izzy had come two days ago upon Cisco’s invitation. He insisted that they have a chaperone so that the town wouldn’t gossip about them. Sadie wasn’t concerned about her reputation, but she was touched by how Cisco was. And because of this, she’d agreed with his decision. Izzy was in the other guestroom while Cisco now slept in the living room.
“I’m glad,” Cisco said as he ran a hand over Sadie’s undamaged leg. Shivers raced through her whole body as the heat of Cisco’s palm caressed her nerve endings.
“Did you want to tell me something?” she asked after chewing and swallowing her burger.
Cisco’s hand stopped and a look of wariness came upon his face. “I quit my job.”
“You what?!”
“Don’t worry, Sadie. I’ll still be an accountant, only freelance. I even bought a commercial space in Mister Spencer’s building, which I’m going to turn into my office. That way, I’ll only be a few minutes’ drive from here.” Cisco reasoned as fast as his lips could move. He was well aware that talking too slowly and cautiously would make Sadie fidget, which in turn wouldn’t help her ankle heal.
“I don’t have a car,” she whispered, as if it was the most difficult admission in the universe.
Cisco chuckled, before bowing and kissing Sadie’s dainty toes. Even her feet were beautiful, Cisco thought. “Ah, but I do. I wouldn’t be considered an eligible bachelor if I didn’t have one.”
“Are you marketing yourself to me again?” she asked incredulously. Inwardly, she was pleased that Cisco knew how important stability was to her. She’d dreamed of the two of them growing old together in Tucket. Now her dream was soon to become a reality, and she couldn’t help but thank the Father above for putting it in her reach.
“Is it working?” he asked.
Sadie groaned. “Why did I just have to fall for this one?”
Cisco grinned and crawled over Sadie’s half-reclined form. He saw the woman’s eyes widen with alarm and – anticipation? This was interesting. He leaned close until only a few inches separated their faces, and looked directly into her eyes. “Did you say something?”
“No,” she breathed. Cisco was smothering her, and she’d never felt more willing to be smothered. 
He leaned closer still and whispered in her ear. “Liar, liar, pants on fire.”
Sadie gulped. “I’m not wearing any pants.”
Cisco paused and looked over his shoulder at the bare limbs that were protruding from beneath a soft cotton nightgown. Only then did he feel the constriction of his pants warring with his lower organ. He carefully extracted himself from his position and settled beside Sadie before things could get carried away. He was madly in love with Sadie and was equally in lust with her body. But Sadie wasn’t just a body, for to him she was the sunshine and starlight of Tucket. “Then lucky me,” he said as he put one hand over her shoulders and, with Sadie in his embrace, began removing the wrapper of his burger. There was no better place on earth than by her side. “Honey,” he said, “your hot legs can put a nuclear meltdown to shame.”
“Only you could make the craziest compliments sound sincere.”
“That’s because they are.”
.o000o.
Many hours later, Sadie stretched her arms above her head and yawned while sitting on the front porch of her house. Izzy was snoring in the guestroom, if she had to guess. For tonight, it was only her and Cisco watching the fireworks. Said fireworks were clearly visible above the frozen trees, despite originating from town. Bright colors splashed over the dark sky in loud blasts of red, gold and green. The front porch was an ideal lookout spot for her, because she didn’t have to overwork her ankle or inhale the accompanying smoke.
After several minutes, the New Year celebration ended and the silence of the very early morning returned. Sadie turned her head and met Cisco’s eyes. Time seemed to stop as she looked upon them. Sadie and he were locked inside their own enchanted world, the soil of Haliya non-existent in the level of awareness they felt.
Sadie whispered, “That was the best fireworks show I’ve seen in years! The town committee really stepped up.”
“I didn’t know I could miss fireworks this much,” Cisco replied as his gaze moved from her face to the dark heavens. He felt content sitting beside Sadie; the cold was not a match for the warmth of her hand in his. Indeed nothing could beat anything that was Sadie’s.
“They didn’t have a show in the city?”
“Sometimes, sometimes not. But even if the city did host a fireworks show close by, I never had the time to watch. I was always tapping at the computer, trying to meet deadlines way ahead of their schedule.”
“Why?” Sadie asked gently. Cisco quitting his job was still such a new development that the both of them needed enough time to adjust to it. But not talking wasn’t going to help either.
Cisco’s smile was vague and a little sad. Finally he sighed and turned to Sadie with open arms. The latter accepted his invitation eagerly, leaning into his embrace as the temptation of sleep came. It was then that Cisco found the strength to continue with his tale, no matter how draining it was.
“I guess I was just so eager to please my higher-ups. I forgot that I was missing a whole lot of other things in life.” His arms pulled Sadie in tighter. “I missed out on you.”
Sadie sniffed and reciprocated with a tight squeeze of her own. How disheartening it must have been for him, to work his fingers to the bone and still feel lacking in the eyes of so many people. He’d deceived himself into thinking that what he did was never enough, when it was more accomplishment than anyone she knew has ever done.
Sadie herself was a bit guilty with what she had done with her life. Instead of going to College like she’d already planned, she stayed behind and wallowed in self-pity. She lost the strength and the will she once had.
But she still had hope. She’d hoped for Cisco’s return, and the Father above had made it happen. So if she were to do things all over again, she wouldn’t change anything. Her stretched-out depression had brought her Cisco, and that was more than enough to chase away all the regrets that she felt. Cisco was here, in her arms, and not even the lonely years of the past could cloud the happiness that made them complete.
 “Now don’t go all teary-eyed at me like that,” Cisco rubbed the teardrop on her cheek and tapped the tip of her nose with a fingertip.
Sadie laughed. It was true, her eyes were watering. Some of the tears were escaping and trailing down her cheeks. And all because Cisco had given her his love.
“I love you.”
“What?” Cisco thought he was hearing things, until Sadie stretched up, put her mitten-clad hands over his cheeks and kissed him right on the lips. It was a three-second clumsy first-time kiss, but when it ended he was pretty much panting from lack of oxygen.
Holy bologna! Cisco grabbed her face in his hands and, because he hadn’t had enough of that messy kiss, smothered Sadie’s lips with his. There, under the dark sky, on a snowy porch of an isolated house, Cisco mastered his woman’s lips with the urgent passion he’d been holding inside. He nipped at the plump lower lip that had teased him since the day he awakened in Sadie’s bedroom. He took advantage of the moment Sadie gasped for breath to sneak his tongue between her lips.
And there he explored every last millimeter of her mouth. His hands sank to Sadie’s shoulders, and then her upper back. He pulled her in until Sadie was left breathless and clinging to his shoulders.
“Say it…again,” Cisco’s lips skimmed over the line of her jaw, making Sadie gasp in pleasure. Her breast rose up, quite deliciously pressing against his torso. “Again…”
 Sadie found it difficult to follow up on what Cisco wanted her to do. Finally, she was able to wrench herself from his seduction, enough to tell him what was in her heart. “I love you. After all these years I still do. Even when you were away, I still pined for you. And I’m proud of who you were and who you became, looks or no looks.
“Well, aren’t you going to say something?” she stroked the growing stubble beneath his hopeful smile.
“Marry me?” Cisco asked hopefully.
Sadie snorted, “Cisco, please-”
“Is it so difficult to decide?”
“Well, would you answer directly if somebody asked ‘marry me’?!”
“I’d love to marry you!”
“I wasn’t asking!” Sadie slapped his shoulder with little force as both of her eyebrows rose in surprise. If there ever was an opportunistic man, it was Cisco.
“Oh yes you did! You asked ‘marry me’ quite forcibly,” the man insisted.
“Cisco,”
“And you’re not taking that back.”
Sadie swiftly turned away and raised her hands in exasperation. Cisco wasn’t giving up easily, and truthfully Sadie couldn’t think of a reason not to marry him. He was there, willing and able. Willing to share the rest of his life with her, and able to support her and the family they might make together.
The last thought made her cheeks turn red. She hadn’t even thought of making a family, not after her parents had died and she had just about enough money to buy a carton of eggs. But now, becoming the mother of Cisco’s children held a lot of appeal. She wouldn’t mind bearing and popping out a few blue-eyed, brown-haired toddlers. Finally, the miniature versions of Cisco clinched the deal for her. “Oh brother! I give up. Fine, I’ll marry you.”
“Why don’t you look eager?” Cisco scolded. But the twinkle in his eyes and the excitement in the way he spoke gave his angry ruse away.
“Perhaps because I’m not?” Sadie huffed.
The man’s grin spread over his face. “I know you honey, sooner or later that smile of yours is gonna pop out on your face like a spring daisy. See? It’s right there, on one of my favorite parts of your anatomy.”
“Oh Cisco, what am I gonna do with you?”
“Kiss me,” he turned her towards him.
“Marry me,” he wrapped her arms around his neck.
“Love me…” he kissed her softly but soundly.
“Of course. I completely forgot.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll help you remember.” He promised as he lifted her in his arms and carried her inside the house. “I love you.”
. o 0 December 24 at 6 p.m., two years later 0 o .
“I can’t think of a better Christmas
Than my wish coming true,
And my wish is that you let me spend
My whole life with you.”
– A Perfect Christmas lyrics
The doorbell rang as Cisco tossed Mitch Junior in the air and caught him with the accuracy of a sportsman. The chubby child of nearly two years squealed in delight before wriggling out of his grasp. Mitch Junior scrambled to where his father was sitting, sharing mugs of coffee with Izzy’s fiancé. Mitch pulled the little carbon-copy of himself onto his lap without even breaking from the topic they were talking about.
Cisco walked to the door and opened it to see Peggy and Jeremiah standing by the gate. Peggy was carrying a transparent food container that seemed to contain brownies. And her husband carried the newest addition to their family.
“Peggy! Jerm! Come on in!” he rushed to the gate, unlatched the bolt and ushered them towards the porch.
“Hope you don’t mind our little Tyson coming along,” Jeremiah ruffled the curly blond hair on his son’s head. The boy was almost two years old, with eyes that looked curiously around.
“Nonsense. My godson’s welcome in this house anytime. In fact, it’s good that he came. Mitch’s kid is getting bored with all the grown-ups. Come on into the living room. Mitch and Izzy’s fiancé are already inside.”
“And the girls?” Peggy asked as she stomped her feet on the porch to shake away the snow clinging to her boots.
“Helena’s helping Izzy with the casseroles. Sadie will be down in just a minute.”
The three entered the house and the two new visitors were immediately hailed by the women working in the kitchen. The men in the sitting room came out to greet them as well. Mitch Junior was especially enthusiastic about meeting another human being as small as he.
Then the bedroom door opened, catching all of their attention. They all hushed as a glowing Sadie emerged from upstairs. Her eyes, as well as her radiant smile, immediately fell on her long-time friend. “Peggy?”
Sadie wore a pretty, expensive-looking white sweater over a plain pink skirt. Her hair was arranged in a braid that curved over her head. The gold ring on her left hand winked beautifully. She descended the steps carefully so as not to jostle the little bundle she was holding.
Peggy gasped when she saw a tiny hand emerge from the folds of the baby blanket in Sadie’s arms. She rushed to the foot of the steps with open arms. “Oh there she is, my little goddaughter. Can I hold her?”
“Of course,” Sadie replied and handed her daughter over.
“She looks just as cute as her daddy,” Peggy crooned.
Jeremiah laughed and slapped his best friend on the back. “You’re one lucky guy, Cisco.”
“You didn’t do too bad yourself,” Cisco punched his friend’s shoulder before motioning Mitch and Izzy’s fiancé over. While the three began talking, he moved to Sadie’s side and embraced her. He felt the curves and dips of her body that had changed because of the pregnancy. Her breasts were much fuller, her hips plumper and tummy slightly rounder than before. Being a mother suited her just fine.
“Now let’s just give you back to your daddy,” Peggy restored the three-week-old baby to her father and rounded the men up as quickly as possible. “We’ll hop onto the kitchen to help with setting up the table.”
Cisco nodded as the whole bunch, including Helena and Izzy, walked past the railing and began setting the dishes. As their guests’ conversations restarted, he bent and kissed his daughter on the forehead. “Hey there, little girl. I missed you.”
Sadie followed Cisco as he entered the sitting room and deposited Francesca in her cradle. The baby yawned as she settled into the downy white covers. She had pretty black hair that would, in time, flow in waves over her back before growing straight. And her eyes were a deep blue that, with the coming of years, would glint with joy and laughter.
Looking at her husband hovering over their little Frenchie brought tears to Sadie’s eyes. The agony of a long labor seemed meager payment for the love and adoration that the new daddy held for his child. It seemed like the hormones were forever going to plague her, impossible as it would seem. Sadie laughed to herself for thinking something like that up, and brushed the tears from her eyes. She approached the cradle and crouched down beside Cisco.
“You saw her only ten minutes ago,” she whispered as she put her arms around him.
“It felt like forever,” he replied softly.
“No. This feels like forever.” Sadie put her arms around Cisco’s neck and kissed his cheek. “Merry Christmas, Big Daddy. I love you.”
Cisco smiled because Sadie was absolutely right. “I love you too, Bright-eyes.”
END
###
Author’s Note
The “Facts and Figures” portion at the start of the story was based roughly on the format of Microsoft Encarta 2008’s own Facts and Figures sections. The song title is used as reference for the lyrics quoted at the start of each chapter instead of the singer, composer or copyright owner. This is to prevent erroneous acknowledgment of the songs. Halidans practice a custom similar to the Noche Buena, where families enjoy a midnight feast and celebration while anticipating the time of Christ’s birth.
About the Author
Angelaine is a teenage girl about to graduate from college. She’s super-smart, but doesn’t seem to think so. She certainly doesn’t seem to act the part. She loves music, books, all the animals on the world and bubble gum flavored juice. She’s finished with her sci-fi novel and is now in the last stages of re-editing her fantasy one. Hang-out with her at Google+, or follow her at Twitter (@AngieNovelist) to know about the next novels she’s cooking up. You can also check out her website (espinosaangelaine.wix.com/officialsite) to view a complete list of her available and upcoming books. Thank you for supporting and appreciating her hard work.
Up Next
Have you noticed that Izzy’s fiancé isn’t mentioned in this story? Well that’s because their own love tale will take place in…
Holiday Mission
Isabel isn’t new to fame and fortune. Her mom’s a fashion designer and her father’s list of property could put Santa’s naughty-and-nice list to shame. But there’s one thing she’s new to – a death threat.
That’s why her family’s going crazy, trying to convince her to be careful. They even sent a secret bodyguard to protect her. But when Izzy accidentally encounters said bodyguard and demands him to strip – well, let’s just say the protecting turned into holiday courting.
Izzy thinks Hunky Hugh’s just courting her to keep her safe. Hugh wants the woman in his life, so he gives himself a new holiday mission – win Crazy Izzy’s “I love you.” But will it be that simple, especially when he realizes that a relationship with Izzy could jeopardize his career?
