        Insomnia
                                                 Katelin M. Ballinger






















     
Insomnia is the copyrighted property of Katelin M. Ballinger and it may not be reproduced, copied and, or, distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 


















Prologue

     If  you kill someone, someone that had to die, would you be considered a murderer? Some will say yes and some will say no. I know in a way it’s murder but I also think it’s justice. I killed Dedrick, he was basically the leader of the vampires. How did I kill him? I’m a shape shifter, I can take on the form of both human and wolf. He kidnapped Alex, Alex is my mate, if Alex dies, I die, if I die, Alex dies. I had to get him back, not because I was afraid that I would die, but because I love him. 
     To get Alex back, I needed Jesse and Jenn’s help, Jesse is a vampire. I had been interested in Jesse, I loved him but he lied to me, so call me bitter but we’re not exactly on good terms at the moment. Jenn is his vampire sister and one of my best friends.   
     Hundreds of years ago, Dedrick turned Jesse into a vampire so whatever Dedrick tells Jesse to do, Jesse has to do it. You have to understand this, Dedrick isn’t a good person who deserves to live, he’s one of the bad guys. I came to a choice where I had to choose between Alex and Jesse, if I picked Alex, Jesse would die and if I picked Jesse, Alex would die. It wasn’t a fair choice, but I had to make it, I chose Alex. However, when saving Alex, I broke one of Dedrick’s rules and then he had Jesse try to kill both me and Alex. So I took the opportunity and I killed Dedrick. 
     So, if I was to tell you, “I killed Dedrick, I plunged a dagger into his heart to save myself, Alex, Jesse and all of the other vampires who he had been tormenting for hundreds of years.” If I told you that, would you consider me a murderer or just someone trying to protect the people she loved?


                                                               Insomnia- chronic inability           
                                                           to fall asleep or remain asleep 
                                                             for adequate lengths of time.
Chapter 1

     I sat on the floor, scared and shocked, I watched as Jesse snapped out of Dedrick’s commands and back into reality. He looked around and then at me, Alex was already rushing to my side. I blinked and Jesse was kneeling down by me and Alex was standing over me. I looked at Dedrick’s cold, lifeless body, he had fallen on top me and I didn’t feel like I could move. My gaze moved over to where Jenn was standing, she looked shocked, whether she was shocked that I had killed Dedrick or that he was dead, I wasn’t quite sure. Jesse rolled Dedrick off of me, I heard a thud and he was on the floor. Jesse searched him, looking for the keys so he could release Jenn from the handcuffs that were on her. Alex cautiously sat down next to me, being careful with his actions, probably not wanting to scare me. 
     “Hey,” he said in a calm, reassuring voice, “it’s ok, you’re ok.” I looked at him with a both confused and freaked out expression. In the corner of my eye, I saw Jesse get up and run to Jenn. He unlocked her handcuffs and then her hands dropped to her side. She shook off her hands and then she stared at me for a moment, Jesse did the same. Alex scooted closer to me and then he scooped me up into his arms. “Are you ok?” He asked as he stood up and began to walk. I looked at him with a blank expression. 
     “I killed him.” I whispered. “He had to die though.” I insisted. Alex nodded, looking helpless. 
     “I know, it’s alright, it’s gonna be ok.” He promised. I nodded and leaned my head on his shoulder and stared at the floor as he walked. I couldn’t stop my mind from overflowing with the picture of Dedrick’s face when I killed him. He looked… scared and a little confused. I would have been confused if I were him, he probably had no clue that I was capable of killing him, I know I didn’t. Alex looked at me and frowned. My expression was just an inch away from lifeless. “I’m sorry.” He whispered. I felt a small shiver run up my spine and then I closed my eyes. 
     Alex walked over to Jesse and Jenn. Jenn stared at me for a moment and then shook her head. She looked over at Dedrick and was then standing over him. She pulled her dagger out of his chest and she wiped the blood on her jeans. She walked back to me and grabbed the sheath off of my belt. She slid the dagger into the sheath and then she put it onto her belt. She then looked at me and put her hand on my shoulder and rubbed it, comforting me. 
     “Are you ok?” She hoped. I nodded. 
     “Yeah.” I muttered. She frowned and nodded. 
     “Alright, I need to go, I have to see if Scott’s here.” She sounded doubtful as she looked at Alex. She gave him a thumbs up. “I’m glad you’re ok.” She said sincerely. Alex half smiled and then Jenn was gone. A moment later, Jesse looked at Alex with a very confused expression on his face. 
     “How’d you do it?” He wondered. Alex shook his head. 
     “Do what?” He inquired, almost not caring about what Jesse was saying, but listening anyway. 
     “You didn’t kill me, you could have, but you didn’t. Why?” Alex shook his head and threw a quick glance at Jesse. 
     “It wasn’t necessary.” Jesse half smiled and then nodded. 
     “Thank you, I owe you one.” Alex nodded as well and stared at me. 
     “Are you gonna be ok?” He hoped. I nodded slowly. 
     “He looked so scared Alex.” Alex shook his head. 
     “He wasn’t scared, he knew that this was coming. You did the right thing, this isn’t your fault, he had to die at some point and you were just the unfortunate one that got stuck with the job.” I sighed and looked at Alex. 
     “You can put me down.” I said, remembering that he was still carrying me. He flashed me a hesitant look, I nodded, reassuring him that I was fine. He, with caution, set me down and kissed the top of my head. 
     “How do we get out of here?” He asked after a minute of studying the room. Jesse shook his head. 
     “We’ll have to go back the way that we came from.” Alex nodded and Jesse passed him and stood in front of me. He stared at me. “Are you ok?” He sounded worried. I nodded, trying not to make too much eye contact. 
     “Yeah.” I replied. He smiled and nodded. He wrapped his arms around me and rested his head on mine. 
     “I’m sorry you had to do that, no one ever would have asked you to do it, so I’m so sorry you had to.” I felt my eyes water up as I nodded. 
     “It’s fine.” I lied. He sighed and let me go. 
     As Jesse began to walk toward the exit, Alex and I shifted and we followed him. I felt a blanket of guilt cover me as I followed Jesse. He and Jenn, I wondered if they knew about me choosing Alex rather than Jesse. If they did know, wouldn’t they be mad or upset or even a little hurt? The lack of anger in them led me to believe that they had no clue. As we walked, I accidentally let one of my thoughts go through the thought barrier in my mind.
     “Why was it so hard to kill him?” I meant to ask this to myself but the thought slipped. Alex looked at me with a curious gaze. I sighed and let the rest of my thought go through. “I should have wanted to kill him Alex. He tried to kill you, me, Jesse. Why do I feel so guilty?” Alex shook his head as we entered into the next room. 
     “You’re not like him, you’re not a killer Selena.” I sighed and shook my head. 
     “But it’s my job to get rid of them so I don’t understand why my conscience is trying to eat me away like this.” Alex chuckled and shook his head.
     “We’re vigilantes not serial killers. Killing people isn’t a fun thing, it’s not right and your conscience knows it.”
     “Well if it’s not right then why do we do it?” I questioned. Alex stared at me and shook his head. 
     “Did you have a choice?” He asked seriously. “Did Dedrick give you the option to spare his life?” I looked down and shook my head.
     “No.” I finally replied. Alex nodded.
     “How can we spare people if they don’t give us the chance?” I looked away, not knowing the answer to his question. We were silent as we followed Jesse out of this maze of a building. The only thing that broke the silence was Alex as he began to speak again. “Hey, if it’s any consolation, that was by far the hottest thing I’ve ever seen you do. You just had at it and stabbed him, it was amazing.” I felt a smile form on my face and I laughed. I felt a spark light in me, of course Alex was the cause of the spark, I knew this because there was no… happiness when he was away from me. Hearing him speak brought me comfort and I felt the tiny flame of happiness warm me. We were pretty silent as we walked through the building. We walked through the snake rooms, ignoring the snakes that hissed and struck at us. When they struck at Jesse, he just kicked them. We walked through the room with the dogs, all of the dogs were lying dead on the floor. I was unsure if the meat I’d thrown to them was poisoned or if Dedrick had killed them when coming through here. 
     We walked for fifteen minutes before we were back in the first room where we had met Dedrick. Jenn was sitting in his chair staring at a large piece of paper. Alex and I shifted and we walked over to her. 
     “Where’s Scott?” I asked as I looked around the room. She cast an irritated glance in my direction and she shrugged.
     “Your guess is as good as mine.” She looked back at the paper. “He’s not here, there’s no one here really, just us.”
     “No one?” Jesse asked. She nodded and folded up the paper. 
     “I kind of figured as well but I thought I’d check anyway, don’t worry though, I’ll find him.” She swore. We were all silent for a minute before Alex finally spoke up. 
     “What do we do now?” He wondered. Jenn paused and looked around the building like she was examining it. She nodded to herself a moment later and then she looked back at Alex. 
     “On the off chance that a human comes here. We don’t want them to find anything that could harm them.”
     “So…” Jesse hinted. She looked at him and shrugged. 
     “We can get rid of it.” We all stared at her, wondering what was running through her head.
     “Get rid of it, how?” I mumbled. She looked at me and shrugged. 
     “Simple, you blow it up.” Alex chuckled and she looked at him. “Is something amusing?” She asked, not sure why Alex would think this to be funny. Alex shook his head.
     “No, I was just, um, how many buildings have you blown up in the past?” He asked. I wasn’t entirely sure he wanted that answer. Jenn stared at him for several seconds and then she stood up straighter. 
     “Stay on topic.” She demanded. Alex laughed under his breath and I shook my head at her. “You and Selena need to go and find a gas main or something like that and I want you to break it. I’ll take Jesse and we’ll find something to ignite the gas.” Alex smiled.
     “A match would do just fine.” Jenn laughed. 
     “And be around here when it blows up?” She shook her head. “I’ll pass, but any volunteers are welcome to step up.” She said sarcastically. Alex smiled and nodded. 
     “Right,” he sighed and looked around, “alright, we’ll uh, we’ll start looking, any idea where the gas main might be?” Jenn nodded and threw the paper she’d been reading at us. Alex caught it and he examined it. “What’s this?” 
     “That’s a map of the building, if you stare at it long enough you’ll figure out where the pipes are.” Alex nodded as he began to open up the map. “Ok, we’ll be back in twenty minutes, try to have it done by then so we can just leave when we get back.” We nodded and then Jesse and Jenn were gone.
      Alex and I stood there for a moment as Alex began to look over the map. He sat down on the floor and I sat with him. As he looked over it, he began to speak. 
     “So uh, what did I miss in the week I was gone?” I sighed, thinking it all through, he actually had missed a lot. He missed Aaron being locked up, he had no clue about Lapis, I would have to tell him about that, he didn’t know about Recluse either. The one thing that I really wanted to avoid was the whole blood bond with Jesse, that would be an… uncomfortable subject to talk about. I thought for a moment and the thing I decided to start on was Carly being pregnant. I looked at him and half smiled. 
     “Well, Carly’s pregnant.” I said this, thinking he would be as surprised as I had been, he just nodded as if he wasn’t shocked. 
     “Wow, I would say I didn’t see that coming but uh, I totally did.” He joked. I smiled.
     “She’s super excited I guess.” Alex nodded. 
     “I think having a baby will be good for them, plus, if anyone can be a great mom, it’s Carly.” I smiled and looked at the map. “How long has she been pregnant?” I looked back up at Alex and thought for a moment. 
     “Um, about two months maybe, the baby is due in December.” Alex smiled and looked back at the map. 
     When we found where the gas main was we shifted and began to run to it. As we ran, Alex pressed forward with his questions. 
     “So, what else did I miss? I’m sure Carly’s news wasn’t the only thing.” I began to think of the next thing I wanted to tell him.
     “Um, well I thought Jenn was gonna kill me a few times.” I joked. Alex chuckled and looked back at me. 
     “And why is that, what did you do?” I frowned. 
     “I uh, I kind of broke a few phones.” 
     “Her phones?” I shook my head. 
     “No, I broke mine.” Alex stopped running for a second and I bumped into the back of him. He looked at me. 
     “Your iPhone?” I nodded guiltily.
     “Yeah.” He stared at me and then we began to run again. 
     “It could have been worse I guess.” I nodded.
     “That’s what I thought until I broke the second one.” Alex sighed, not stopping this time. 
     “What the heck did you do? You only broke two, right?” I nodded. 
     “Yeah, only two. The first one Aaron broke because I called Jenn and the second one got wet.” He laughed. 
     “Don’t you know not to drop your phone in the sink?” He asked sarcastically. I smiled and looked down. 
     “Well I was doing good on the whole sink thing, it was the swimming in the ocean part that messed me up.” 
     “When did you guys go swimming?” He sounded confused. I laughed and shook my head. 
     “Recluse threw me off of the Brooklyn Bridge.” I said casually. Alex laughed and then he froze, remembering something. He looked back at me with a serious expression. 
     “Selena, Recluse, he was in on it an…” I nodded.
     “We know, he wasn’t trying to get you captured though. Aaron paid him to help get Scotty, Recluse never knew that he was gonna take you and me.” Alex shook his head.
     “That doesn’t change the fact that he still helped catch Scott, is Jenn gonna get him?” He sounded hopeful. I frowned and shook my head. 
     “No.” I replied quietly. Alex looked confused. 
     “Why not?” He wondered. I looked at him. 
     “He died, he helped me and Dedrick was going to kill him so he killed himself.” Alex frowned, now feeling bad. 
     “Oh, um,” he sighed and looked at me with sorry eyes, “is that a good thing or a bad thing?” I didn’t blame him for being confused, even I wasn’t sure how to answer this question. I finally shrugged and looked at him.
     “I think he was good, but he was very consumed in the money he made, it kind of blinded him.” Alex nodded and we began to run again. We were silent for a minute before Alex began to ask more questions.
     “What uh, what happened with Aaron?” He asked cautiously, knowing this was a touchy subject. I looked forward, not responding to his question. “Did Jesse kill him or what?” I shook my head.
     “No, Jenn didn’t kill him.” Alex stared at me. 
     “Why not?” I half smiled. 
     “Because that would be too easy for him. She locked him up in a cellar, no one can find him and she’s gonna make him sit in there for a few decades and then she’ll go see how repentant he feels.” Alex smiled and then he paused. 
     “So he’s out of the picture then.” I nodded. Alex frowned and tilted his head. “After Scott and I left you, we went to get you the tampons which I’m now starting to think you didn’t even need and then Recluse came up to us and started talking. A moment later, he injected something into me and he and Scott were gone. Aaron came the second after they left and he handcuffed me and he took me out to a car. He tossed me in the trunk and then the car took off.” Alex stared at me with a sad expression on his face. “Maybe twenty to twenty-five minutes later, I felt something choke me for half a second and then I felt a sharp pain in my head followed by the breaking of your wrist. I was freaking out because I knew he’d gotten to you.” He looked at me with a concerned gaze. “What happened to you?” He asked again, this time indicating the answer, ‘nothing’ would not suffice. I sighed in defeat and I looked at him. 
     “Aaron caught me and he taped me up, my wrist was broken so it was really painful. I uh, I tried to get away several times but it didn’t work. I got out of the trunk at one point and I got away for a minute. I found this old man’s house and I was almost to a phone but Aaron killed the man and brought me back to the car. We drove for a while and we got to this young couple’s house. He killed them and I fell in their blood.” I looked at Alex with a horrifying memory filling my mind. I shook my head. “It was terrible Alex, he killed them and he didn’t even care.” Alex frowned, seeing the vision of the young couple that overflowed my mind. We were both at a loss for words. A second later, I shook it off and began to talk again. “Well, Aaron tied me up for a while and he told me some stuff about Jesse.”
     “What kind of stuff?” He asked. I shook my head. 
     “I’ll tell you in a little, I promise, I’m just not up for it right now.” Alex nodded and I began to speak again. “Well anyway, after that night, we drove some more and then the next night we stopped, Aaron had injected so much venom into me that he was tired so he stopped to rest. While he slept, I got out and I began to run away.”
     “Where were you guys?”
     “We were crossing the Appalachian Mountains.” Alex looked confused. 
     “Why were you there?” He questioned. 
     “Aaron was taking a long route there, he didn’t want Jesse and Jenn to catch up to us.” Alex nodded and then I continued. “Well, I ran for maybe twenty minutes, I can’t remember the exact time but Aaron soon caught back up to me. We kind of rolled down a hill and I got disoriented. I snapped his neck and I began to run.” Alex looked at me. 
     “You snapped his neck? How’d you do that?” I shook my head.  
     “Don’t ask.” I insisted. He slowly nodded and left it at that. 
     We found the gas main a second later and then we shifted back to human form. Alex walked over to it and I continued to talk.
     “So I ran, I guess I should have tried to figure out where to run but he moved after I’d snapped his neck so I just wanted to get out of there. I ran for a few hours until I found a little stream. I washed off and drank some water and then I climbed a fallen tree and I fell asleep.” He frowned.
     “How many hours had you not slept?” He questioned. I shrugged.
     “I slept a little in the car but not much, I kept waking up thinking he was gonna kill me or something.” Alex shifted and he bit down on the pipe and broke it. He backed away from it and we listened to the gas flowing out. He looked at me and I shifted too. 
     “Continue.” He instructed as he began to break more pipes.
     “Well when I woke up, I began to walk again and I was really lost, I had no clue where I was and I was all sore and hungry.” 
     “How’d you get back to Jesse and Jenn, did they find you?” I shook my head.
     “No, they didn’t find me until later on, I uh,” I frowned, “I don’t think you’ll believe me.” He laughed. 
     “Try me.” I smiled and looked away, embarrassed. 
     “I uh, I found this fox and he showed me how to get out of the mountains.” Alex looked at me with a curious face. 
     “A fox?” He sounded skeptical. I nodded and looked down.
     “I know, I know, I’m crazy it’s just…” He shook his head, causing me to look back up.
     “No, it’s not crazy, it’s just…”
     “Weird?” I suggested. He nodded a little. 
     “Yeah, a little. How did the fox help you get back?” 
     “Do you remember how I told you about the follettos?” He nodded.
     “Yeah, the uh magic fairy things.” I chuckled and nodded. 
     “Well I guess some of them can bind their spirit to the bodies of animals and they can inhabit the animal’s body.” 
     “So the fox was a fairy?” I shook my head. 
     “No, he’s not a fairy, he said they’re more like elves.” Alex shook his head. 
     “Wait, he talked to you?” I nodded.
     “I swear I’m not crazy.” Alex smiled.
     “I don’t think you’re crazy Selena.” He promised. I smiled and watched him some more. After a few more minutes, he’d broken a few pipes and the room stunk like gas so we left the way we had come from. As we ran, I continued the story.
     “Well, I followed him for a while and we found a trail and then I got back to the road.”
     “How much did he talk like could he say a word an hour or what?” I laughed and smiled.
     “He talked a lot, I asked him a few questions and he answered them. He was really smart, it was weird.” 
     “What happened after you got to the road?” He wondered aloud. I frowned and looked down.
     “Aaron found us and he killed Lapis.” Alex was confused. 
     “Lapis?” I nodded.
     “Lapis is the fox.” Alex slowly nodded and we continued to head back. After we rounded a corner, I began to talk again. “So Aaron killed Lapis and caught me again.” Alex frowned. 
     “So he’s just dead or what?” I sighed and thought it over for a second. 
     “I don’t think he’s really dead, I think maybe the fox just died, but I don’t know. I hope he’s ok but I’m not sure.” Alex shook his head, clearly upset and he urged me to continue. “Well, Aaron took me to some building, I’m not sure where but then he tied me up and…” I stopped talking, not wanting to dig into this but Alex wouldn’t have that.
     “You were burned Selena and not once but multiple times, what happened?” I looked at him and frowned. 
     “Dedrick, when I was a kid, promised Aaron that he could have me if Aaron kept me safe as a child. That’s why I was never adopted, he constrained the people wanting to adopt me to pick someone else. It all had to do with Dedrick’s plan or something. Well, Aaron was mad because Dedrick lied to him so he’d spent years taking care of me and he didn’t even get me so he decided to disobey Dedrick and turn me into a vampire.” Alex shook his head. 
     “But you’d have to shift in order for that to happ…” He froze, now understanding. “Oh.” He mumbled. I nodded.
     “Yeah, he uh, he wanted me to shift so that he could kill me but if I shifted, you would die.” Alex frowned and his face was heartbroken.
     “Why didn’t you just shift Selena? It would have saved you so much pain.” I shook my head.
     “You’d be dead and I’d be under Aaron’s control. I could have been hit by a truck and I still wouldn’t have shifted.” Alex half smiled and we were quiet for a second.
     “So he burned you?” He asked a moment later. I shrugged.
     “Yeah, kind of, he uh, he took a knife and he heated the blade over a fireplace and then he…” Alex frowned, understanding. I nodded and we stopped in the room where we had started in. We both shifted and he looked at me. 
     “And that’s when Jesse and Jenn found you?” I nodded. 
     “Yeah, they found me and caught him. I don’t know what happened after that, I fell asleep and didn’t wake up for a few days. All I know is that when I woke up, Aaron was locked up and you and Scotty were still missing. Jenn was trying to find you, but she couldn’t do much while I was out.” Alex frowned and sighed.
     We were silent for a moment as we looked around the large room. A moment later, Alex looked back at me. 
     “What happened when you guys got here?” He asked. 
     “When we got here, Dedrick constrained Jesse and he tied up Jenn and he…” I paused, thinking how to phrase this right. 
     “He what?” I looked at Alex with sincere eyes.
     “I didn’t want to do it Alex.” I swore. He looked at me, confused.
     “What didn’t you want to do?” I frowned.
     “He made me pick either you or Jesse. If I picked Jesse, he’d kill me in wolf form and you’d die. If I picked you he’d kill Jesse and let us go.” Alex stared at me, knowing exactly what was running through my mind.
     “I’m sorry Selena.”
     “It’s fine, no one’s dead it’s just the fact that he made me do that, it scares me.” Alex frowned. 
     “Was it a hard decision?” He wondered. I looked up at him and shook my head.
     “On one hand, I didn’t want Jesse to die, but on the other, you’re more important to me than he is.” Alex stared at me suspiciously for a second before he spoke again. 
     “What did Aaron tell you about Jesse?” He asked, knowing that all of this revolved around that topic. I cast a hesitant glance in his direction and then I saw someone in the corner of my eye. Jesse and Jenn were now back, Jenn held a coffee maker box under her arm as they walked up to us. Alex nodded. 
     “A coffee maker, how original.” Jenn smirked and she began to rip open the box.
     “No, not original, just pure genius.” Alex and she talked and I looked at Jesse. A wave of guilt flew over me as I stared at him. 
     “How does it feel?” I asked, not being clear enough. He looked at me and tilted his head. 
     “How does what feel?” He asked. I shrugged. 
     “Not being under Dedrick’s control, does it feel different or is it just the same?” He stood there for a second and he thought it over. A moment later he looked back at me and shook his head. 
     “It feels the same.” He sounded worried about this. Jenn looked up from the coffee maker. 
     “You should have felt something Je…” He nodded, interrupting her.
     “I know.” He said quietly. Alex stared at us and then he stood up. 
     “What does that mean?” He asked, he looked as if he had something to add to the conversation. Jesse shook his head.
     “Nothing, it’s probably a fluke.” Alex stood there for a moment and then he decided that what he had to say was important. 
     “There was a girl.” He stated. Both Jesse and Jenn turned to look at him.
     “What was her name?” Jenn inquired. Alex shook his head. 
     “Dedrick didn’t use her name, not in front of me at least.” 
     “Then your information is void.” Jesse said, either joking or being serious, I couldn’t tell which. Alex shook his head in protest. 
     “No it’s not, he gave something to her, he wanted her for something.” I thought back to the dream I’d had a few nights ago, the one with the girl and Dedrick. I looked over at Jesse.
     “He’s telling the truth Jesse, there was a girl and he gave her his charge.” The more I thought about it the more it made sense… but how was it possible? Jesse and I stared at each other for a moment before I thought of the words to say. “What if Dedrick gave his charge to someone who was dead, or, supposed to be dead.” Jesse chuckled.
     “Then I suppose the person would be dead.” He replied sarcastically. I sighed and shook my head.
     “No, Jesse, well, what if… could it… is there any slight possibility that Nichole could still be alive, any at all?” He stood there, shocked. Jenn stood up and she looked at me. 
     “What are you getting at Selena?” She wondered. I looked at her.
     “Can Nichole still be alive?” I repeated. Alex shook his head and looked at me with a confused expression. 
     “Wait, who’s Nichole?” Jenn looked from me to Alex.
     “Jesse’s the brother from the story.” Alex stared at her for a second and then he looked at me.
     “So that means that…” He looked back at Jenn and she began to speak.
     “I’m the sister.” Alex’s eyes filled with understanding as it all came together in his mind. “Nichole was Jesse’s fiancée that Dedrick killed.” Alex frowned and he looked at me. 
     “Selena, that makes sen…” I nodded, silencing him. I looked at Jesse. We stared at each other, his gaze was distant like his mind was in another place.
     “She’s dead Selena, I was there, I watched him kill her.” I frowned. 
     “What did he do with her body after he killed her?” I interrogated. Jesse shrugged. 
     “I don’t know, he made me leave afterward. I assumed he burned her or had someone buried her or something.” 
     “Then you don’t know if she died or not. Jesse, this all fits, the woman that Dedrick gave his charge to, she said that Dedrick killed her and she also said that you chose Jenn over her.” Jenn looked at me.
     “Were you there when this happened?” She sounded really confused. I shook my head a little. 
     “No, I wasn’t physically there.” She shook her head.
     “Then how do you know any of this?” She asked. Alex held out his hand.
     “No, no, what she said is exactly what happened.” He looked at me. “How do you know this?” He wondered. I paused, trying to think of how to explain this. 
     “I uh, I had a dream and I was seeing through your eyes. You were chained up and they were standing in front of you.” Alex stared at me, awe flooding his face.
     “Amazing.” He said under his breath. Jenn snapped her fingers, bringing us back to the original subject. 
     “Guys, stay focused.” She shook off and looked at me. “Ok, so you were there, kind of, that’s fine.” She had a serious look on her face as she watched me. “Selena, if you’re serious about this being Nichole you need to…” Jesse shook his head, interrupting her.
     “No Jenn, if Nichole was still alive, she would have come to me.” Alex shook his head. 
     “She was mad at you Jesse, I don’t think she would have come back to you.” Jesse glared at Alex. 
     “Why was she mad at me, I’m not the one who killed her.” Jenn shook her head. 
     “No, but you just stood there while Dedrick killed her.” Jesse scowled at Jenn.
     “Oh well I’m sorry that my being under Dedrick’s command to just stand there was inconvenient for everyone, but newsflash, I couldn’t do anything about it.” 
     “No, but Nichole didn’t know that at the time, did she Jesse?” Jenn argued. We all stood silently for a minute before Jesse spoke up. 
     “Even if she is alive, Nichole never would have done this for Dedrick.” He sounded positive. 
     “Don’t be so sure, girls do stupid things when we’re mad.” Jenn assured. I nodded.
     “Plus Jesse, Dedrick was going to kill her if she didn’t do it, what choice did she have?” Jesse stood there, staring at the floor for a minute. As Jenn watched him, she slowly began to shake her head. 
     “Jesse, be reasonable.” She cautioned. “Don’t do anything stupid that you’re going to regret.” Jesse looked up at her and she began to shake her head more violently. “Jesse, don’t do it, don…” The moment the last word came out of her mouth it was too late, Jesse was gone and so was she.
     Alex and I stood silently in the room, Alex looked lost, I didn’t blame him. I sighed and took a deep breath in, I smelled the gas beginning to come into the room. I looked down at the coffee maker, Jenn had already set the timer. I took Alex’s hand and I began to lead him outside. The moment we stepped outside into the bright sun, Alex blinked rapidly, he hadn’t seen the sun in a while so it was probably very bright to him. I looked over at the small boat house and I saw Jenn. She dropped her hands to her side and she yelled a few curse words that the devil himself would be scared to say. She kicked a rock and sent it flying into the water and then she turned around to look at us. I blinked and she was in front of us.
     “Well,” she began, “he’s gone.” She looked furious. 
     “Should we go try to find him?” I asked, not quite sure on what we should do. She looked back at the boathouse and then she looked back at me, shaking her head.
     “I’m not sure we can find him, he just took off.” She paused, thinking for a moment. Finally, she shook her head and made eye contact with us. She put her right hand to her head and she dragged it down her face, clearly frustrated. She looked at the building and then she looked at me and Alex. “Let’s uh, let’s just get back to the hotel, alright?” We nodded and she turned around. Alex and I shifted and we followed her onto the boat, the red haired man that had taken us here earlier now laid dead, bobbing up and down in the water, I assumed this was Jenn’s handiwork. Jenn started the boat and we began to go back to shore. 
     While we rode in the boat, I explained to Alex the whole Jesse and Jenn being the two characters from the story and I told him about Nichole and Dedrick and then it all made sense to him. While we were running back, I also explained to him everything about my parents, he needed to know.
     “So they are dead?” Alex asked cautiously. I nodded.
     “Yeah, Aaron killed them.” He frowned and looked ahead of himself.
     “Selena I’m sorry.” He said at a loss for words. I shook my head.
     “Don’t be sorry, I’m not. I guess I kind of knew it all along, it was really just the need to…” I paused, not knowing what to say next.
     “Prove it.” He said, knowing what I meant. I looked at him and nodded.
     “Yeah, I knew that they were dead but until I had the proof, I couldn’t let it go.” He nodded. 
     “I get it.” He murmured. “But are you really not sad?” He asked not quite sure if I was lying or not. I nodded.
     “I’d be more sad if I didn’t have anyone, but I do. I have you, I have Jenn I have Carly and Dan and Scott. I have so many people and that just makes me need my parents less, and I guess, want them less.” 
     “What would you have done if your parents were alive?” He asked. “I mean, would you have left Carly and Dan to be with them or would you have met them and then left?” I paused for a moment, thinking about my answer. Finally a moment later I looked back at him. 
     “If my parents were alive, I would have met them and I would have gotten to know them, a lot like I did with my grandmother. But to stay with them…” I shook my head, “if they were alive, they would have been in the real world, not with Dedrick or Aaron and if they were in the real world, that would mean that they never came back for me. So no, I wouldn’t live with them, but I wouldn’t not love them, if that makes any sense.” Alex nodded. 
     “No, I get you.” I smiled and looked in front of us at Jenn. We ran silently the rest of the way to the hotel.
     When at the hotel, Alex and I shifted in a back alley and then we followed Jenn into the hotel. We went up to our room and she opened the door, letting us in. Alex walked in and he began to look around, studying the surroundings, that or trying to find the kitchen. Jenn walked in behind us and she closed the door. She walked over to the couch, she stared at it as if she wanted to sit down but she changed her mind. She sighed and grabbed out her wallet, she opened it and pulled out three, one hundred dollar bills. She looked at Alex and held out her hand, giving him the money.
     “Use this for what you need. I’m gonna rent the room for a week, I should be back before then.” She stared at him with a hopeful look. “Jesse should be back either tonight or tomorrow, just give him some time. I’m gonna go find Scott, I should only take two, three days top to find him. You guys can leave if you want, I want you to stay but if you guys have to go that’s fine.” Alex shook his head.
     “No, we’ll wait, I just want to make sure Scott’s ok.” She nodded and then she pat his back. She looked at me and she walked to me. She gave me a quick hug and I hugged her back, kissing her on the cheek. She looked at me intently. 
     “I’m not mad at you.” She whispered. I stared at her, knowing what she was talking about but lying anyway.
     “Mad, about what?” I was a terrible liar. She frowned.
     “You saved Alex, not Jesse.” 
     “Jenn, I’m…” She shook her head.
     “It’s fine, you told me that if a choice ever came you’d pick Alex and I told you that I’d pick Jesse. It really doesn’t matter because everyone is fine.” I sighed.
     “Does Jesse know?” This worried me. She shook her head.
     “No, he doesn’t and I wouldn’t suggest telling him.” I nodded, figuring that she might at some point do it. Jenn frowned and shook her head. “You’re not going to be my sister any time soon, are you?” I shook my head.
     “Despite your best efforts, no.” She chuckled and looked at the door. She, a moment later, looked back at me and nodded. 
     “Alright, I’ll be back.” I blinked and she was gone. I walked over to the door and I locked it. I then turned around to face Alex, his eyes were heavy and he looked exhausted. I frowned and walked over to him. 
     “Are you hungry?” That was a stupid question. He nodded immediately. 
     “Yeah, but I’m gonna spare us all and shower first.” I smiled and nodded. 
     “Alright, I think we have some food but it’s not enough for a few days so I’m gonna run down to the store and get us food. I’ll make you something so you can just eat and go to bed, you’re probably tired.” He smiled.
     “You know this is still your first really strong venom right?” I smiled and looked down.
     “I’m fine.” I promised. He nodded in disbelief. 
     “Alright.” He muttered. I smiled and looked back at the door.
     “I’ll be back in twenty or so minutes.” He nodded and then he gave me Jenn’s money. I took it and he turned around. I stood there for a moment and then I sighed. “Hey.” I said, stopping him from leaving. I took several steps toward him and I wrapped my arms around him. “I love you.” I said as he wrapped his arms around me. He laid his head on mine and nodded. 
     “I love you too.” He said as I leaned my head on his chest. As I held him, I became thankful, I was thankful that he was actually here, that I was actually here. The odds that had overcome us saying that we were gonna die had been wrong. If we could survive through something, or someone like Dedrick without dying, I knew that it wasn’t coincidental. Alex kissed my head and he squeezed me tighter. I looked up at him and I laid my lips on his. He kissed me back and then I let him go. He stared at me, disappointed that I had stopped. I half smiled and I took a step backward to the front door. 
     “I’ll be back.” He smiled and shook his head, turning around. “By the way,” I began again, “the bathroom’s the other way genius.” I teased. He smirked at me and I left the room.
     As I left the hotel and went across the street to the supermarket, I felt the venom really begin to sink in. I probably looked freaky, I hadn’t really noticed, but I was really messy, I had blood all over me and I was coming to the store to buy food. I couldn’t have been that awkward because no one seemed to pay much mind to me. When in the store, I grabbed a cart, a jar of peanut butter, two loaves of bread, several bags of chips and a few sodas. I then got some eggs and milk and some frozen meals, this was good enough for me. I probably got too much because I was hungry and I knew Alex was hungry but it was fine. I bought the food, the cashier only a little scared of me and then I made my way back to the hotel with many bags in my hands.
     When I was outside of the hotel, I was stopped by a lady, with her was a man and a little boy. I only stopped because I tripped on the edge of the sidewalk and I bumped into her. 
     “I’m sorry!” I exclaimed. “The sidewalk was there and I…” She shook her head, making no facial expressions. I stared at her and then I shook my head. “Um,” I murmured, “I uh, I have to go, sorry again.” I began to walk past her.
     “Selena.” She said so quietly that I barely heard her. I looked back at her and I turned to face her. 
     “Wait, how do you know my name?” I wondered. All three of them stared at me. 
     “The war is not over, peace is still not at hand.” She warned, she had a very strong Italian accent. I tilted my head, having no clue what she was talking about.
     “What?” I asked clueless.
     “Peace has not yet been embraced by those here on Earth.” 
     “Embraced by who?” I asked. She shook her head.
     “My people,” she said, getting off topic, “they do nothing to help bring peace to your kind because they are too busy fighting amongst themselves.”
     “Who are your people?” This chick was really confusing me.
     “We saw you coming.” She said, changing the subject yet again. “You killed their leader as it was prophesied.” She was now whispering, trying not to gain the attention of others. I stared at her for a moment and then I nodded. 
     “Yes, I killed Dedrick, Recluse told me about the prophesy.” She nodded. 
     “And he also told you what we are.” I froze for a moment, processing this. Finally a moment later I jumped in excitement, understanding who she was.
     “Oh!” I exclaimed. “You’re a follett…” She put a finger over my lips and she looked around herself. She then looked back at me and moved her finger. 
     “Yes and silence in this matter is of urgent importance.” I nodded, understanding that she pretty much just told me to shut the hell up. I stared at the woman, not quite understanding what she wanted from me. 
     “What do you need?” I asked, sounding more rude than I meant to be. She stared at me with sincere eyes.
     “You chose Alessandro.”
     “Alex.” I corrected. She nodded. 
     “Yes, Alessandro, this is good because it is what was needed. Jesse will raise a child that will save her.” She frowned and looked back at her child. She stared at him for a moment and then she looked back at me.
     “Who is the her you speak of?” I interrogated.
     “She is the one who will save my people, she is but an infant now, but when the time comes she will be brought to us.” I stared at the woman, confused as heck.
     “Why are you here?” I asked impatiently.
     “I’m here to warn you of an evil.” Her face screamed, “I’m serious” so I continued to listen.
     “What evil?” I persisted. The man stared at the woman and shook his head.
     “Isabella we must go.” She looked at him and held up a hand. He sighed and looked around, like he was searching for someone. Isabella looked back at me with an extreme face of urgency.
     “Your war, the one between your kind is not yet over and you will not be the one to end it.” I shook my head in protest. 
     “No, I killed Dedrick, the prophesy said that that’s what was needed to bring peace.” I argued. She nodded. 
     “You are the girl that was sent to bring peace and defeat Dedrick. By killing Dedrick, you brought hope to the vampires, but the war is still at hand.” I tilted my head a little as she continued on. “That hope that you brought, that is what will bring peace, not you yourself, but your actions.” I froze as I thought it through. I then looked up at her with a face that indicated I wasn’t playing around.
     “Isabella, please tell me, what is the evil that you were trying to warn me about?” She looked around nervously, making sure that no one would hear her. She then took a step closer to me and she put her mouth by my ear. 
     “Nicholetta.” She whispered. Isabella took a few steps back and she cast a serious glance in my direction. “Speak of this to no one.” She demanded. I nodded and then I watched her back up some more. Finally when she was by her family she turned around and picked up her child. They immediately began to walk away. As they walked away, I stared at the boy, he was cute, he had dark blonde hair, it was a combination of his mother’s brown hair and his father’s blonde hair. I couldn’t help but think that I had seen these people before, not the kid but the parents, they looked familiar. The child looked very much like them, he had a pretty face, a nice nose and beautiful eyes. The only real difference between him and his parents was his eyes, though the shape was the same, the color, it was abnormal. His mom’s eyes were green and his father’s were blue but his, his were orange. The outer rim were a dark orange, almost copper and the inner rim was a light orange, they were beautiful… and unnatural. I stared at the child, hypnotized as he and his family walked through the crowd and disappeared.  
   
























Chapter 2

     I quickly walked into the hotel and up to my room. I looked over my shoulder every few steps, just to make sure Isabella wasn’t going to magically appear behind me or something, though I highly doubted she would. When back at the room, I opened the door and went inside, locking the door behind myself. I sighed as I looked around for Alex, I didn’t see him and I didn’t here the water in the shower running. I figured he had just fallen asleep or something.
     I walked to the kitchen and I unloaded all of the groceries. I was super sore and I was sure Alex was the same way. When I was done in here, I made my way back to my room. When I walked in, I felt myself freeze as I stared at him. I didn’t know why I reacted the way I did but it didn’t matter. Alex was sitting on the bed, reaching for his shirt, only his shirt was off and of course I’d seen guys without shirts on but I felt more dirty staring at Alex. Despite my want to stare at him I turned around and crossed my arms.
     “I, um, I just uh… the food’s in the kitchen.” I finally spat out. Alex chuckled and I turned my head to look at him. “What’s so funny?” I asked, embarrassed. He shook his head. 
     “Oh nothing it’s just you act like you’ve never seen a dude’s chest before.” He joked. I blushed and looked away again. 
     “Oh, no, I, I’ve seen dude’s, their chests I mean I just… I don’t like to gawk it seems too desperate.” I had no clue what I was saying. Alex laughed. 
     “Desperate?” He questioned. I looked back at him.
     “Or human.” I mumbled as my eyes drifted back to his chest. Shame on me for being human! I couldn’t help it though, he looked good. The only thing that broke my train of thoughts was him sliding his shirt on. “No!” I thought to myself. I felt my conscience slap my mind and then I got back to normal. I looked at Alex and frowned. “I was gawking, wasn’t I?” He half smiled and nodded. 
     “That’s ok for several reasons.” He began. I tilted my head.
     “And what might those be?” I asked. 
     “Well, one, it reassures me that you’re still human. Two, I gawk at you like all the time, especially when you wear dresses.” He joked. I smiled.
     “Yeah, the dresses Jenn pick out for me.” He laughed and nodded. 
     “Sure, ok, and three, it’s really cute when you gawk, you make this really distracted face, like someone could throw a crumpled up napkin at you and you wouldn’t move.” 
     “Aw, I’m that bad huh?” He smiled and nodded. 
     “I think it’s amazing.” He reassured. I smiled and then I looked behind myself.
     “Well, I uh, I’m gonna go make some food, I’ll bring it to you when it’s done.” He stared at me.
     “Do you need help or…” I shook my head interrupting him. 
     “No, I’m good, you just rest.” He smiled and nodded. I returned the smile and I left the room.
     I walked to the kitchen and I pulled out a freezer meal to cook. I made myself a sandwich so that Alex could have all of the freezer meal. I just ate the sandwich and some chips, I had thrown up earlier and lost all of my breakfast so I was hungry. I cooked the meal, which was a rice-chicken-pork thing, it smelled good so how bad could it be? When it was done, I dumped it into a bowl and I brought it to Alex who was now laying on the couch. He looked like he was about to fall asleep. I smiled at him and I set the food down on his chest. His tired eyes blinked opened and he looked from me to the food and then back to me. He smiled, grabbed the food and sat up. Alex hungrily began to scarf down the meal, it was only a moment later that he looked up at me. 
     “Did you get anything?” He asked, setting the fork back into the bowl and offering it to me. I nodded and smiled, this caused him to return the bowl to his chest.
     “Yeah, I ate, you’re good to have at it.” He half smiled. 
     “Thank you.” He said happily as he took another bite of his food. I smiled and turned around.
     “Where are you going?” He asked as he stared at me. I looked over my shoulder at him. 
     “I’m gonna go take a quick shower.” I looked down at my leg where the dog had bitten me. “I think I might have freaked a few people out at the store.” He chuckled and then nodded.
     “Alright, do you need anything?” He wondered. I shook my head.
     “No, just eat and sleep or eat and don’t sleep, whatever is good.” He nodded and looked back at his food.
     I left the room and went to my bedroom. I grabbed some clothes and then I went to the bathroom. I closed and locked the door and then I started the shower. I stripped and threw my clothes on the floor, the cloth I had tied around my leg had slipped down to my ankle so I pulled it off and threw it away. I then stepped into the warm water, my whole body ached from the venom but the warm water felt good, it was relaxing. As I stared at the floor, blood streaming down the drain, I waited for the water to be clear. After I had cleaned my hair and scrubbed all of the blood off of my body, the water looked normal so I turned it off and got out. I wrapped a towel around myself and I began to dry off. After I was dry I put on some clothes and dried my hair and brushed it. I hung the towel back up and I picked up my dirty clothes, I threw away my ruined jeans but kept the shirt and underwear. I walked into my room and I put the clothes in the dirty clothes bag. I then stood still for a moment, thinking of what I needed to do next, and, for the first time in a while, there was nothing. I didn’t have to do anything, no finding Alex, no searching, no running, no nothing. It was wonderful.
     I made my way to the living room and I looked at Alex, he was sleeping on the couch, his bowl empty and on the floor. I smiled and picked it up, I took it to the kitchen and cleaned up. I then walked to the bedroom and grabbed a pillow and the blanket off my bed. I took them to the living room and walked up to Alex and gently lifted up his head and put the pillow under it. I then threw the blanket over him, I watched as his hands searched for the edge of the blanket. When he found it, he grabbed it and tugged it up farther, uncovering his feet. I chuckled and watched as he rolled over contently. Alex didn’t like the blankets to cover his feet, he complained that it got too hot if they were covered, but he didn’t mind falling asleep with his shoes on. After a few minutes of watching him, I finally turned around and headed for Jesse and Jenn’s room. I had two pillows on my bed so I didn’t need a pillow but I was gonna take the comforter off of their bead so I could use it. I grabbed the blanket from Jenn’s bed, the bed hadn’t even been sat on by the looks of it even though I knew it had been. I took the blanket back to my room and I tossed it onto my bed. I paused for a minute and my eyes shifted to my hand, I stared at the ring that Jesse had given me for my birthday. After a moment of looking at it, I sat down on my bed and sighed. I tapped my foot repeatedly on the floor as I thought. Finally, after a long, hard minute of thinking I slid off the ring and stood up. I walked over to my suitcase and I began to rummage through it, searching for my tin. When I found it, I set it on my lap and I popped the lid off. To my surprise, on top of the pile of items I had in the tin was a note. I stared at it and set the ring down on the floor by me. I picked up the paper and unfolded it. When it was unfolded, I saw the words that read, 
     “Selena, from the first day I met you, I saw something in you, something that was so different yet so well-known and established. I knew that you were different than Nichole, Jesse sees such a similarity in your personalities but me, I don’t. You are going to do great things Selena, I’ve never met anyone like you before and I doubt I ever will. I never would have imagined you would be able to make such an impact on not only my life, but Jesse’s. From the very first day you came to my door with Jesse, I began to see a change in him. He loves you so much more than you know and so do I. Since Jesse has met you, he’s started to talk to me again, like actually talk and share how he’s feeling, and he’s laughing and smiling, for a while, this attitude was scarce. I know that you think he only loves you because your personality is similar to Nichole’s, but it’s not true. Jesse tries to move on and he has done well, after the first decade, he was over her. It appeared to you that Jesse cared more for Nichole than he actually did because he was in love with you. You see, when Jesse falls in love, Dedrick steps in to try and destroy that love and when he does that it just brings back memories of Nichole. Jesse has been so… I suppose depressed is an ok word for it, but he’s been so depressed, not because of Nichole but because he was lonely. Now tomorrow, you’re going to walk right into Dedrick’s trap, neither you nor Jesse know but Dedrick will make you choose Selena. He will make you choose between Jesse and Alex. Deep down, I know that you will pick Alex, my only request for you Selena, if any of us do by some chance get out of this alive, don’t ever tell Jesse. He loves you so much and if he knew that you chose Alex over him and left him for dead, it would kill him. I don’t believe that all of us are going to live passed this, it will all depend on your choice and actions. I don’t know exactly what Dedrick has planned but I know it all revolves around that choice you are going to make. If my instinct is right and you choose Alex, just know that I respect you and I respect your decision. If we get out of this alive and I was right, Scott will not be at Sector Seven. Dedrick has places where he keeps the werewolves, I need to get to those places and find Scott. When you were unconscious for the few days after Aaron had taken you, I lied to you. I did look around for Scott, I didn’t want you to be mad because I was looking for Scott and not Alex but it doesn’t really matter any more. Dedrick has places where he keeps the werewolves all over the United States. Little do most people know, there are three secret places. I ‘discovered’ these places after our chat with Aaron and if Scott isn’t at Sector Seven and we survive, I’m going to find him. But Selena, you need to not let Dedrick know about my feelings for Scott, because the second he finds out he’ll kill Scott. This is why I have to take it slow on finding him or Dedrick will become suspicious. So that’s all I had to say Selena, I just really wanted to let you know that Jesse does love you and I just wanted to apologize. I’m sorry that you found out the truth from Aaron and not from the people who love you. Again, I’m sorry, I love you, you’re family to me. I don’t know if you’ll ever read this, but hopefully you do. I love you, Jenn.”
     I sat there silently for a moment and I let out a long, drawn-out sigh. I chuckled to myself and I shook my head. I was grateful to her for writing me the note and trying to help, but it didn’t make a difference. No matter how hard she tried, it wasn’t going to change the situation. I couldn’t help but think that maybe things would be different if Jesse would have just told me. Honestly, I wouldn’t have cared about the whole personality thing, if he’s attracted to a specific type of personality, well, that’s just him, but, the fact of the matter was that he hid it from me and he lied to me. I knew that Jenn’s intentions were good and I knew that she just wanted to see Jesse happy and have me as family, but she knew that that would never happen. I angrily crumpled up the note and I threw it at my suitcase. I looked down at the ring on the floor and I picked it up. I dropped it into the tin and I put the lid back on the tin and set it into the suitcase.
     After the ring was taken care of, I stood up and stumbled forward a little, I was unnaturally sore. I groaned and limped to my bed. I turned off the bedside lamp and I laid down and threw the covers over myself and fell asleep.
     I blinked open my groggy eyes and observed my surroundings, it was foggy and I was in a field of grass. I, confused, stood up and looked down at myself. I was in a long, flowing, dark green dress, it was beautiful. The dress was strapless and it had a sweetheart neckline, there was a dozen emeralds in the form of an upside-down triangle in the center of the neckline. Along with the emeralds were diamonds. The dress from the top of it to my waist was tight, but from the waist down, it was very loose and almost silky in a way. The dress was long, the front was down to my feet, just barely touching the floor and the back, I looked behind myself and I couldn’t tell where it ended. The beautiful emerald green of the dress blended in with the luscious grass that I stood in. The material, it was unworldly, it was soft, softer than anything I had ever touched and it was light. It glowed, not like light, but like a gem, the material shined. I stood there and admired the beautiful dress until I began to hear crying. I looked up and looked around, the fog wasn’t very thick, but it was thick enough to prevent me from seeing who was crying. I hurried to the source of the crying, it was a baby, I couldn’t seem to find it though. The more I walked, the more trees I saw around me, I was now in a forest. The trees were beautiful, the fruit on them looked like any other fruit in the world, but they looked shiny, almost fake. The leaves of the trees had dew drops on them that sparkled in the dim light. It wasn’t dark, it looked like it did when there are a bunch of clouds outside, right before it rains. I continued to walk through the forest to the sound of the crying. I stopped walking and looked around when the forest ended. It was a strange sight, there was a line of trees perfectly aligned as far as I could see to my left and to my right. This is where the forest ended. There was a field of grass in front of me, the grass was the same beautiful green color, but it was long, too long, it was up to my waist. I hesitantly left the safety of the trees and pushed my way through the long grass. The baby’s cries were growing louder. I walked until I stumbled into a very large, circular clearing. The grass in the circle was short like it had been in the forest. In the center of the circle was a cradle that seemed to be made out of glass. I quickly ran to it and I looked inside of the crib. In the crib was the baby, she looked up at me and immediately stopped crying. I smiled at her, she had curly, blonde hair and she had hazel eyes. She smiled back at me. A moment later, I looked up. The grass on the half of the circle I had come from was the beautiful emerald green color, but now, on the other half of the circle, it was dead and brown. I stared at it confused. The crib was in the middle of both of the grasses, half of it was in dead grass and half of it was in alive grass. As I observed the grasses, someone came walking through the alive grass. Out of the tall grass walked a man, he entered the circle and walked passed me, straight to the baby. He knelt down and picked her up. He cradled her in his arms and kissed her on the head. 
     “I will never let anyone hurt you, dorata bella.” He promised. I just stood there, confused as ever, staring at the man. He was gorgeous, more beautiful than anyone I had ever seen. His beauty was more than a vampire’s, he was unnatural, nonhuman, mystical. The man was by far the most beautiful person I had ever laid eyes on, he was six’ two”, he had a very nice, strong build, his hair was a dark blonde and his eyes, they were orange, like the boy from earlier… they were the boys eyes. The second I made that connection, the man turned back into the sweet little boy. He held the baby and hugged her tight. I closed my eyes as a bright light flashed. A second later when I reopened my eyes, the boy and the baby were no longer here and I wasn’t in the field of grass any more. 
     I was now in a room and there were eight people here, four women and four men. I was still in my dress and I was in a corner in the large room. All of the people in this room were dressed very nicely. They all sat around a large, square table. There was one man and one woman at every side of the table. The men and women were in pairs. At one side of the table were a pair of people dressed in silver. All of the men wore the same clothing and all of the women wore the same clothing. The only difference in the clothes were the colors. The man in silver wore pants and a long sleeved shirt. He wore black gloves and black boots. The woman wore a long, floor-length dress that had a V-neck, neckline and long, loose sleeves that reached her wrists. The dress was the same color as the man’s clothes, silver. Their clothes shined like diamonds, the material, it was much like the material on my dress, abnormally beautiful. The woman’s sleeves on her dress were see through, though they were the same color as the rest of the dress, you could see her arms slightly. The sleeves were connected to a ring on her middle finger. The ring’s design was peculiar, it was circular and it had a phoenix on it and the phoenix was carrying two four leaf clovers. This reminded me of the coins on Jenn’s dagger. I looked at the man, he wore a necklace with the same pendant. I then looked up at their eyes. Their eyes were silver, much like their clothes. The outer part of the eye was a dark grey but the inner part of the eye was a light grey. Both of their eyes were this color. The pair of people in silver were beautiful, equally beautiful as the man from earlier. I looked from them to the next side of the table. There were two more people, the man was dressed exactly the same as the man in silver and the woman was dressed the same as the woman in silver. The only difference was the colors these people wore. These people wore golden clothes and their rings and pendants weren’t silver, they were gold. Their eyes were exactly the same as the boy’s eyes, orange, they were beautiful. I looked to the next pair of people, their clothing was the same but the color was light blue, it was pretty. Their jewelry wasn’t metal at all, their jewelry was made of lapis lazuli. It was carved perfectly to look the same as all of the other rings and pendants. Their eyes were blue, the outer rim was dark blue and the inner rim was light blue. I then looked over at the last pair of people. These people wore dark green clothes, the material was exactly like mine. The ring and pendant on them were made of emerald and just like the lapis lazuli, it was crafted the same way. These people’s eyes were green, the outer part of the eye was dark green and the inner part of the eye was light green. Now all of the clothes these people were wearing, it looked as soft and delicate as silk but it was as hard to break as tungsten or titanium, it couldn’t be broken or penetrated.
     I stood silently until the woman in green began to speak.
     “What shall we do about Dedrick?” She questioned in an Italian accent. The man in the gold shook his head.
     “We are not meant to interfere with the human’s affairs.” He responded, they all had accents like the woman. The woman in gold looked up at him. 
     “But he has grown so powerful, he threatens the human race ever single hour.” The man in silver nodded.
     “She is right my brother, he is strong, but fear not, for the prophesy is close to being fulfilled.” He paused for a moment and he looked around the room. When he knew he had everyone’s attention, he began again. “The child, she is in danger, Dedrick and his kind will kill her parents and her. If she dies, what are we to do?” He asked, opening a door, inviting everyone to speak. The man in blue shook his head.
     “She must be raised in safety, her parents must be protected as she must be protected.”
     “But we cannot do anything…” Began the woman in silver.
     “No,” interrupted the woman in green, “no, to lose a few of our kind over millions of humans, we shall make this sacrifice.” Everyone slowly nodded. The man in gold finally sighed.
     “Who shall we send?” He asked. Everyone was silent, thinking. A few minutes later, the man in green responded. 
     “To make the charm that will protect the child, we will need two people.” Everyone thought for a moment.
     “Shall we send Isabella from life and Michelangelo from water?” The woman in blue suggested. Everyone thought and then the woman in gold nodded. 
     “They are strong enough to do it, but are you willing to send your people to earth?” She questioned. The pair of golden people and the pair of silver people looked at the other four people who stood there, lost in their thoughts. I stood there too and waited for what seemed like hours before they began to speak once more. The man and woman in green nodded. 
     “Isabella will go.” The man said. Everyone now looked at the blue pair. They stared at each other, seemingly deep in conversation, though no words were audible. Finally the woman nodded and looked back at everyone. 
     “Michelangelo will go as well.” She said, sounding regretful. The rest of the people nodded. 
     “So be it.” Said the man in silver. “We shall send them tonight then.” 
     “And you are positive that them going will save the child?” The man in gold asked. The man in blue nodded. 
     “Yes brother, they will create a talisman and it will keep the vampires away from the family and the child, she needs this.”
     “Then this is fine for the human realm, but what about us?” The man in gold asked. “What about our realm and our problems here?”
     “We are the cause of the vampires so we will be the ones to fix the mess we have put the humans into.” The woman in silver said seriously. The man in silver nodded. 
     “She is right, we will clean up the mess on earth before cleaning up the mess here.” 
     “Yes, but the child is born, the mess on earth will be cleaned up in a matter of years.” The woman in gold began. “Do you not think it is time to start thinking about our war?”
     “Enough.” Said the man in green. “Please, brothers and sisters, we do not know what we will do with our war, you all know this.” The woman in blue nodded.
     “They know this assuredly but the people don’t. Our people need answers, they are scared and they need to know that our war is being taken care of as well.” She replied. The woman in green looked at the man in green.
     “My love, they are right, the people, they are scared.” He stared at her. 
     “Well what are we to do?” He questioned. The man in blue looked at the man in green. 
     “Perhaps it is time to consult with them again.” Everyone turned and stared at him. “Our makers, they told us who would save the humans last time, perhaps we need to see them again and ask what needs to be done for our people.” The man in silver nodded.
     “Yes, yes,” he looked around, gathering everyone’s attention, “we should do this brothers and sisters. We shall consult with them and see what must be done.” 
     “And then we wait?” The woman in green asked. The man in blue nodded. 
     “Yes, and then we wait.” I stood there, confused as heck with my mouth probably hanging open. There was another big flash of light and then the room was dark. 
     As I looked around, I saw a small light. It grew bigger and bigger and I began to hear voices, soft, gloomy voices. 
     “He will save her… your war is not over… Jesse will raise a child… we saw you coming… you killed their master… I came to warn you of an evil…” All of these words poured through my head at the same time but I heard every one of them clearly. They continuously poured through my head until one word came, silencing all of the others. It rang in the back of my head and it sent a shiver down my spine. “Nicholetta…” I heard Isabella whisper, and suddenly, that small, growing light exploded and a blinding light filled the room, waking me up.
     I sat up in the bed and I regretted doing so right away. The venom had now spread through my whole body, I felt like I had gotten hit by a semi… and lived. I groggily slid my legs off the bed and I stood up. I stood still for a minute, getting used to the feel of the venom and then I took a small step forward. When I was sure I wasn’t going to fall, I slowly walked to the living room. Alex was still asleep on the couch, I half smiled at him and then I walked over to the kitchen. When in the kitchen, I opened the fridge and I scanned through it, I saw nothing I wanted so I closed the door. In the corner of my eye, I saw somebody standing in the doorway. I turned around.
     “Alex, what do you feel like ea…” As my eyes met the figure I frowned, it was Jesse. “Hey, when did you get back?” I asked as I took a step forward. I blinked and he was gone. I squinted my eyes, confused. “What?” I whispered as I walked back into the living room. When in the room, I looked around, searching for Jesse, but he wasn’t here. My eyes went to the front door, I looked at the lock, it was how I had left it, locked. I shook my head and looked over at Alex who was blinking open his eyes. He looked up at me and smiled. 
     “Hi.” He yawned. I nodded at him. 
     “Hey.” I was distracted. He stared at me and sat up, he groaned as he remembered the venom. I chuckled at him. “Are you ok?” I hoped. He nodded. 
     “Yeah, I’m fine.” 
     “Liar.” I taunted. He smiled and shrugged.
     “The venom doesn’t bug me any more.” He reassured as he looked around. He looked at a clock on the wall, it was ten in the morning. He sighed and I walked over to the couch and sat by him. He looked at me. “Who were you talking to?” He wondered. I shook my head. 
     “I thought I saw Jesse but I didn’t.” He nodded and put his hand on my back. He leaned in, kissed me and then he began to rub my back, it felt good until he began the deep tissue massage. He wasn’t trying to rub my back hard but he was a guy so he jus kind of did. I took a sharp breath in and he pulled his hand away instantly. 
     “I’m sorry!” He exclaimed. “I’m sorry, did I hurt you?” I shook my head. 
     “No.” I lied. He tilted his head in disbelief. 
     “Now who’s the liar?” He joked. I smiled.
     “No, you didn’t hurt me, it’s just the venom.” He nodded, understanding.
     “Right, this is your first rank four venom.” I nodded. 
     “Yeah.” He leaned closer to me and gently kissed my nose.
     “Well, then I guess that’s my cue to go make you food.” 
     “Hey, you need food too buddy.” He nodded.
     “Right, make us food, my mistake.” I smiled at him and gave him a quick kiss. We smiled at each other and he stood up and I laid down, taking his spot. I looked around and a question popped into my mind.
     “What day is it?” I asked. Alex stood there for a second and he counted a few of his fingers. 
     “It’s June third.” He replied. I nodded. 
     “Ok, so the pack has probably moved?” He shook his head.
     “They’re probably doing the raid today, the full moon’s tomorrow and then they’ll go to Arizona on the fifth.” I nodded.
     “After everything is settled here with Jenn, Scott and Jesse, can we go back?” I asked, hoping that he would want this as well. “I miss them.” Of course he knew I was talking about Carly and Dan, I didn’t have very strong relationships with anyone else in the pack. He nodded. 
     “Of course, getting back to normal sounds amazing.” I smiled and then I frowned a little. “What’s wrong?” He questioned. I shook my head.
     “Nothing, it’s just…” 
     “Bruce?” He knew exactly what worried me. I nodded.
     “Will he let me back into the pack, because all I remember is he said I wasn’t part of it.”
     “We won’t have any problems, I promise.” I tilted my head a little bit.
     “How do you know?” I asked, not really sure how he knew this. He wore a humorous smile on his face.
     “Do you really think Carly and Dan would let him kick you out of the pack for something as stupid as disrespect?” He shook his head. “No, if disrespect got us kicked out, we’d all be gone. Everyone has been disrespectful at some point, some more than others.” I knew he was talking about John. A moment later, Alex held out his hand. I took it and he pulled me up. He pulled me closer to himself and he wrapped his arms around me and gave me a huge kiss. He looked at me and shook his head. 
     “You’re so beautiful.” He said as he stared at me. I felt a smile of embarrassment come onto my face as I looked down.
     “No I’m not.” I wasn’t compliment fishing, I just didn’t think I was pretty. I was sure this was a normal girl thing. I looked back up at Alex who wore a very puzzled expression.
     “Why don’t you think so?” He asked, not dropping the subject like I hoped he would. I shrugged.
     “I don’t know,” I began, “I just…” I sighed and shook my head. “When I was younger, in the orphanage, all of the pretty girls got adopted and since I was never adopted I always thought there was something wrong with me. I always thought I wasn’t good enough or pretty enough.” Alex shook his head.
     “Babe, you know that you never got adopted because of Aa…” I nodded, interrupting him.
     “I know, and that made me happy to know that it wasn’t my fault, but still, I’ve never looked in a mirror and thought, ‘wow, I’m really hot,’ it’s never been like that. I know my flaws more than any other person, I could give you a list.”
     “But you told me that you didn’t hate the way you looked.” I shook my head.
     “I don’t hate the way I look, it’s just, there’s always going to be someone I compare myself to. There’s always that prettier person out there.” I shrugged and looked down. Alex sat on the couch and I sat by him and laid my head on his lap.  He kissed my forehead and then he gently squeezed my hand. I looked up at him and he smiled at me.
     “Selena, you may compare yourself to people, but there’s no one like you.” He said kindly. “No one has your mind, no one has your body, no one has your hair, your face, you’re you, extravagant, unique, one of a kind, beautiful you.” His face showed no hint of kiss ass or anything fake, he was being sincere and honest to me. Though Alex’s words made me feel special and loved, there was still the small sting of pain from the thought lingering in my mind.
     “He compared me to her.” I whispered under my breath. Alex looked down at me and tilted his head. 
     “What?” He asked. I stared at him and shook my head. 
     “You say that there is no one like me but Jesse said that I’m exactly like Nichole. That’s an oxymoron.” I argued. I sat up and Alex put his hand on my chin and he lifted my face up so that I was looking at him.
     “If a man can look at a woman he loves and compare her to other women, he cannot look her in the eyes and say that he truly loves her. Everyone is different Selena.” I shook my head.
     “Look at my eyes Alex, you saw Nichole, you know what her eyes look like. Can you honestly tell me there’s a difference?” I called him out. He stared at me and nodded.
     “Her eyes are nothing like yours.” He said surely. I stared at him and tilted my head.
     “How?” I asked, really curious what he saw different in them.
     “Eyes can easily reflect a person’s personality.” He sat up a little bit straighter and he looked me in the eyes, indicating that he was very serious. “No matter what Jesse or what Jenn say Selena, you are nothing like her. They claim that your personalities are so alike, well when was the last time they actually talked to her? Because the Nichole I saw, she was nothing like you. I don’t believe that you’re capable of hating people like she did, I don’t think you’re seductive and I don’t think you’re a murderer. The Nichole I saw reminded me nothing of you. So, like I said, there’s no one like you Selena, no one looks like you, no one thinks like you. You love people more easily than anyone I have ever met. You don’t care what people look like just so long as their hearts are in the right place. You’re stubborn, more stubborn than anyone ever.” I laughed and he smiled. “No on compares to Selena Reese.” He said honestly. Alex looked at me and put his hand to my face. “Do you believe me or do I just sound like that love-struck boyfriend who wants his girlfriend to feel better?” I stared at him with an amused look on my face. 
     “Boyfriend?” He nodded.
     “The word girlfriend was in there too.” He reminded me. I nodded.
     “Yeah, I caught that.” I felt a smile form on my face. “Am I your girlfriend?” I inquired. He nodded. 
     “Yes, you’re my girlfriend and I’m your boyfriend, if that’s ok?” He looked at me with his adorable black eyes. I shook my head.
     “Nah.” I murmured. His face sank a little, he looked bewildered. 
     “What do you mean, nah?” I looked at him and shrugged.
     “I think the terms girlfriend and boyfriend are so prosaic and overused.” He chuckled.
     “And what do you want us to be called?” He asked a second later. I stared at him and felt the corners of my lips form into a smile.
     “Mates, I want to be your mate and I want you to be mine. I decided that it fits us more than girlfriend or boyfriend does.” He smiled as well and looked at me.
     “I thought you didn’t like it when people called us mates.” He teased. I smirked at him.
     “Eh, I’ve grown to like it.” He smiled and nodded.
     “Alright, mates it is.” I smiled and stood up, I turned around and began to walk to the kitchen. I stopped in the doorway and looked back at him.
     “And, I do believe you.” I said honestly. “I believe you believe I’m beautiful and honestly, you’re the only person who’s opinion I care about.” He smiled and nodded.
     “Good.” He replied. I smiled again and then I walked into the kitchen.
     Alex entered the kitchen shortly after me. I sat down by the small table and Alex began to look through the fridge. As I sat there I thought about today’s date. 
     “Hey, if it’s the third, how long was I asleep?” 
     “You were asleep for two days.” He replied as he closed the fridge door.
     “Did you sleep for two days also?” I wondered. He shook his head and opened the freezer.
     “No, I slept for a while, I woke up a day after we got back because I was thirsty.” I stared at him and shook my head. 
     “How did I sleep for that long?” I asked. He looked at me.
     “When we’re injured we go into a deep sleep, it’s part of the shifter gene. That’s why you slept so long after Aaron kidnapped you.”
     “Did you sleep a lot while at Sector Seven?” He nodded. 
     “I slept a lot while you were in pain, we sleep so much because it helps control the pain. You slept for two days because of the venom, your body was trying to distract you from the pain.” I nodded slowly. 
     “Ok, ok, see, I learn something new every day.” Alex chuckled and grabbed out a pan. “So,” I began, “has Jenn called at all or no?” He shook his head and set the pan on the stove.
     “No, I haven’t heard from her.” I nodded and looked down. Alex turned around to face me. “I uh, I haven’t heard from Jesse either.” I looked up at him and shrugged.
     “He’s a big boy, he can handle himself.” I said, trying to seem like I didn’t care. He nodded, unconvinced. 
     “Well, what do you want to eat?” He questioned as he reopened the fridge. I thought about the things I had bought and I finally answered.
     “What about frozen pasta meal?” I hoped. Alex came out of the fridge with a freezer bag full of steak. He held it up to show me and smiled.
     “What about steak?” He liked steak more than pasta but I wanted pasta.
     “Nah, I want pasta.” I insisted. He smirked at me. 
     “Well, beggars can’t be choosers.” He joked. I smiled, got up and walked over to him.
     “Ah well I’m a chooser, and I’m not begging.” I said this as I moved my face closer to his. When our lips were centimeters apart and I could feel his warm breath and he prepared himself for a kiss from me, I dropped my hands to my side and walked passed him to the freezer. He stared after me confused. I pulled out the bag of pasta and held it up like he held up the steak. “I can make my own food.” I said playfully. Alex smiled at me and set the bag of steak down on the counter. He took the pasta bag from my hand and set it on the counter as well. He then wrapped his arms around me and hugged me tight. He kissed my cheek, that wasn’t good enough for me so I reached up and gave him a big, worth it kiss. I then laid my head on his chest and breathed in. 
     “I missed you.” I said. I hated it when he wasn’t with me and I was so happy to have him safe and back. He kissed my head three consecutive times and then he kissed my cheek once.
     “I missed you too.” He returned. 
     Alex and I spent the next thirty minutes cooking food. We took my phone and we listened to music via Pandora. We cooked the food and danced around the kitchen, though we were very sore, we ignored the pain. So we danced around singing Bad Reputation and Heartbreaker and there may have been some Journey songs in there somewhere. The songs didn’t even matter, the only thing that mattered was that we were having fun! That’s what I missed about Alex, when I needed someone to just be a friend, that’s what he was. When I need someone to talk to or to complain to, he would always be the person I need him to be. I missed having fun with him, it was something we hadn’t seen much of since we left the pack. That first month with the pack was the month I really got to know Alex and we had so much fun. The things we were doing now, the singing and dancing and the laughing at how horribly we dance and sing, that was fun.
     After we were done cooking, we turned off the music and we ate the food. We had come to an agreement, Alex cooked up the steak and I cooked up the pasta and we mixed them together. Steak and pasta, yes, I know, it’s a weird combo but it got us to work together so it was perfect. We ate our food and talked while we did so. After we were done eating, we drank some soda and then we cleaned up. All in all, the cooking, eating and cleaning up took about an hour. It was eleven, thirty when we were done with everything.
     When everything was cleaned up, Alex and I went out to the living room. I let out a deep breath of contentment and I laid down on the couch, Alex took off to the bedroom. I laid there and waited for him to return. After he was gone for five minutes, I began to wonder what he was doing. I closed my eyes and listened to my surroundings, I heard footsteps back in the room. I listened to him pace the bedroom for a few minutes and then I heard him leave the bedroom. He walked down the hall and into the living room, then he stopped. He tapped his foot a few times and then he sighed and headed back for the bedroom. “What the heck is he doing?” I thought to myself. I listened as Alex headed back to the bedroom and again, he began to pace. He did this for another several minutes and then he walked back down the hall and into the living room. I opened my eyes and looked at him, he was walking toward me. When Alex was in front of me, he sat down on the floor so our faces were level. He set his hands in his lap and he looked at me.
     “What are you doing?” I asked, confused with his actions. He shrugged. 
     “I uh, I wanted to tell you a story, well it’s not a story, I mean it is, but it’s…” I giggled and kissed his nose. 
     “Just start.” I said, saving him form his own logic. He smiled and nodded, looking down at his hands. 
     “Well uh, before my brother Jared got engaged, my mom gave him a ring, it was her engagement ring. She wanted to pass it down in the family and since he was the first born son, he got it. Unfortunately, Jared was never the sentimental type, he wanted something more simple so he got his own ring. My mom then gave it to me and told me to keep it until I met the girl I was going to fall in love with and marry. So, here I am, years later, and I met you and…” He shook his head, thinking of what to say next. After a short pause, he began again. “You and I are bound Selena, I mean, not just by the shape shifter thing but like really bound. I don’t know if you feel it, but you saw what I saw in your dream and…” 
     “Wait,” I interrupted, “what does that mean, is it, strange for that to happen?” I thought it was weird so he must have as well. Alex looked at me and shook his head. 
     “It’s a shape shifter thing. When apart, if we think really hard about something, our mate can see that particular thought in a dream or a vision type thing. It was bothering me because I had no clue what they were talking about so I thought about it more than normal, that’s why you dreamed it. It’s the same thing as us being able to talk to each other in wolf form but it only happens in human form. Since in human form our powers are void we have to try hard to be able to communicate with one another. You had to think about me and I had to think about the things they were saying really hard. So it’s pretty much the same thing as talking to each other in wolf form but it isn’t as direct, like we couldn’t have conversations or anything but you could see specific memories given I was thinking hard enough about them. And this only occurs when we’re a mile or more apart.” I nodded, amazed at this ability. Alex shook his head and sighed. “Ok, I got way off topic.” He said, refocusing. “So, my mom gave me the ring and told me only to give it to someone if I was sure I truly meant it.” He looked at me with beautiful, glowing eyes. “And you Selena, I don’t think I’ve ever been more sure of anything in my life. I love you so much. You know that vow, ‘until death do we part?’ That’s an understatement for the time I want to spend with you. I want you forever and I love you and you’re my best friend. I just need to know, do you love me back?” I stared at him, I felt a few tears form in my eyes. I breathed in deeply, trying to hold them back. I finally blinked open my eyes and nodded. 
     “I love you so much Alex, it’s not even a stupid teenager kind of love, it’s real.” I said, not knowing if that made sense. I watched Alex as a smile formed on his face. He reached into his pocket and he pulled out a little black, velvet box. He opened the lid of the box and he looked at me. 
     “The term girlfriend might be prosaic, but in our world the term mate is so cliché. So, with your ok, I’d like to use a term more invaluable.” I nodded and looked him in the eye with an excited expression on my face. “Selena Reese, I want you to be my wife, will you marry me?”
     
     

      
     
     

























Chapter 3

     I felt my mouth hanging open as I stared at Alex. Though his face was very serious, I was taken aback. 
     “Alex,” I mumbled, “are you serious?” I asked. He nodded. 
     “Yeah, I am, I want you to be my wife.” I felt a small smile form on my face as I looked down at the floor. I tucked a piece of hair behind my ear and then I looked back at him. 
     “We’re so young.” The one almighty complication of getting married. Alex sighed.
     “Really, age Selena?” He asked as he sat up straighter. “Age is stupid and I’m not that young.”
     “You’re twenty Alex, most people your age are going to college and starting their lives.” He nodded.
     “Starting their lives, I want to start a life with you.” I felt my lips lift up into a little smile. I shook it off and got back on topic.
     “Ok, but what about me, I’m sixteen, I can’t legally marry for two more years.” I argued. He shrugged.
     “Ten bucks says I can convince certain people that you’re eighteen.” 
     “Jenn’s not here Alex and even if she was I don’t think she would…” Alex shook his head, stopping me from finishing my sentence. 
     “I’m not talking about Jenn.” He stated. I stared at him, confused as to who he was speaking of.
     “If not Jenn, who?” I wondered. He half smiled, I could see a devious plan working out in his mind.
     “Well, you know Recluse?”
     “Recluse is dead.” I argued.
     “I know that, but I’m sure his company or whatever it was isn’t dead, I’m pretty sure someone took over for Recluse. If we pay that someone, they kind of have to help us.” I smiled and shook my head.
     “Where are you gonna get the money?” I was now just arguing for the heck of it. He shrugged sarcastically.
     “Yeah, I’m not sure if those hundred dollar bills Jenn gave us will be enough.” I rolled my eyes.
     “That’s for things we need like food.” I clarified. He nodded.
     “Oh I know.” He wasn’t going to give up, but neither was I. I stared at him for a minute, thinking several things through.
     “Ok, so you have everything planned out, don’t you?” He smiled cockily and nodded. I sat there and an evil smile formed on my face as I thought about the one thing he hadn’t planned for. “What about kids?” I asked. Alex’s cocky grin faded.
     “Wh… what?”
     “Kids Alex, I want kids, not now obviously, but later on in life, I want kids. I want to experience the joy of holding our baby and watching it grow and live it’s life.” I looked from my hands to him. “But I want to know, do you want that too?” He sat there, frozen in his thoughts. It took Alex a good thirty seconds to answer the question I had asked him.
     “Selena,” he began, “this world is so corrupt, why would you want to bring another human being into it to have them be tortured their whole life?” I half smiled. 
     “Well, someone’s gotta do it.” I joked. He smiled but the frown quickly returned to his face. I sighed and put my hand on his shoulder. “You know, it wouldn’t be just a human being, it would be our baby.” He nodded the second the last word came out of my mouth. 
     “Exactly, our baby. How could we hate the kid so much to make them live in this world?” I shook my head, not agreeing with him.
     “No, how could you hate them so much to not let them live their life just because of the world we live in?” He sat there at a loss for words. Finally, a minute later, he began to talk again.
     “Ok, ok, you’re just thinking about babies.” I knew exactly where this was going. “But what about toddlers and, God forbid, teenagers.” He was trying to scare me out of my decision… foolish man. He looked at me with sincere eyes. “Selena, do you really want to raise a teenager when you’re one yourself?” I laughed and nodded. 
     “Yes, yes I do, you see, when the kid becomes a teenager, I won’t be one, will I?” He sighed. “Plus,” I began once more, “you’re thinking that I want kids now, but in all honesty, I really don’t, not yet. I mean, sure maybe ten or so years down the road but not now.” I insisted. We sat quietly until Alex thought of another thing to argue about.
     “Well, you’re only thinking about the good, happy times, but what about the hardships?” I tilted my head. 
     “What hardships are you thinking about?” I inquired. 
     “Uh, well, you have to feed them every stinking hour and then you have to burp them and change their diapers and they cry.” I shrugged. 
     “Well it sounds like taking care of a baby is just like taking care of you and Jesse.” I teased. He shook his head in protest. 
     “You’ve never had to change my diaper…” He stopped right there, facepalm! We both laughed at his moronic comeback. We pulled ourselves together and he smiled and shook his head. “Ok, I’m trying to make a point but I’m not doing a good job, am I?” I smiled and shook my head. 
     “It’s fine, just continue.” I urged. He nodded and again started speaking.
     “So on top of the feeding and burping and changing their diapers, what about sleep deprivation? You’ll be tired and grumpy and then on top of all of that you get postpartum depression and life sucks.” I giggled. 
     “That’s kind of a worst case scenario, don’t you think?” He sat there for a second and then he nodded. 
     “Yeah, ok, a little bit, but just because it’s the worst case doesn’t mean it won’t happen.” I nodded, understanding him. “Is a baby really worth all of this?” He asked curiously. I nodded.
     “Alex, everything worthwhile in life takes pain, effort and time. Take marriage for instance, pain for the times you fight, effort because you actually have to work together for things and time because good things don’t just happen overnight. It’s the same with a baby, pain physically and mentally. I would feel the physical pain of giving birth and then both of us would have the mental pain of being tired and listening to the baby cry and whine and whatever else there is. Effort because we are responsible for taking care of this baby. We are required to feed it, bathe it, clothe it, make sure it’s healthy, raising a child takes effort, a lot of it. But, above all else, it takes time, you’re taking time from your life to raise this child. So do I know that taking care of a child is hard and not fun sometimes?” I nodded. “Yes, I do, but when I compare the hardships to the joys,” I shook my head, “I think having a kid is one of the rare things in life that is truly worthwhile.” Alex stared at me for a minute and he raised both of his hands to his face. He rubbed his eyes and then ran his hands through his hair, messing it up. He sighed and shook his head.
     “How did we get from me proposing to the subject of raising children?” I smiled and shrugged. 
     “Well, I’m gonna be your wife, so I needed to know your opinion on kids.” He stared at me and a smile formed on his face.
     “Gonna be my wife, are you accepting my proposal?” His smile just kept on widening and widening. I smiled as well and I nodded. 
     “Yes, of course yes!” I exclaimed. I sat up and Alex stood up and wrapped his arms around me. He picked me up off of the couch and spun me around. I wrapped my legs around him, remembering the venom, and he kissed me. As his lips rested on mine, I put my hands around his neck and then we laid our foreheads on each others. Alex laughed a small laugh of joy and then he squeezed me tighter. I kissed him again and then he set me down and looked at me with adoring eyes. I looked back a him and shook my head. “What, what uh, when do you want to have the wedding, like, I…” He chuckled and shook his head. 
     “Babe, you haven’t even seen the ring yet and you’re already planning times?” He teased. I froze, remembering the ring and the story he had told me.
     “Oh!” I exclaimed. “Right, the ring, there’s a ring.” He nodded and set me down. “Where is it?” I asked. He held out his finger and grabbed the velvet box out from his pocket once again, he had put it back in his pocket while we were talking. Alex held the box in his palm and he opened it, this time I actually looked at it. I felt my heart melt as I looked at the gorgeous ring. The metal was white gold and shiny, but what really caught my attention was the diamonds on the ring. The center stone was a large, marquise cut diamond and there was a smaller, pear cut diamond on both it’s left and it’s right side. The tip of the pear cut diamond pointed away from the center stone. The clasps holding the gems in place looked vintage almost, they were designed to look like leaves and vines. In my entire life I had never looked at a piece of jewelry and admired it so much, not even my mother’s garnet ring. I looked at the ring which was sparkling in the light from the ceiling lamp and then I looked to Alex. He looked at me expectantly. 
     “Jared didn’t like it because it was so old fashioned looking. My dad gave it to my mom and his dad gave it to my grandma, the line dates back a couple of generations.” I looked from the gorgeous piece of jewelry to him. I felt that harsh pressure in my head as I tried to hold back a small wave of tears. Alex saw the liquid in my eyes and his face dropped. 
     “If you don’t like it, I’ll sell it and get you a different one.” I shook my head and I flew my arms around him, embracing him. I hugged him tight and I rested my head in-between his neck and his shoulder. I took in a deep breathe and then I looked at him.
     “Thank you.” I whispered. He half smiled, his smile hinted that he was confused.
     “Thank you for what?” He asked a second later. I shook my head and let him go. 
     “For this.” I made a motion toward the ring box. “It’s…”
     “Corny? My proposal might have been more than I was intending to say but I meant it all.” I smiled and kissed his cheek. 
     “No, it wasn’t corny, it was great.” I reassured. He smiled and gave me a quick peck on the lips. 
     We stood there for a moment and then I began to remember the one thing that he needed to know, the blood bond. I sighed and looked at him.
     “Alex.” I whispered guiltily. He looked at me and tilted his head a little.
     “What’s up?” I looked at him with sincere eyes. 
     “I want with every inch of want in me to marry you.” I admitted. He smiled.
     “Me too.” He said happily. I frowned.
     “But,” I began, “something happened while you were gone. I uh, I didn’t want to tell you because I didn’t know how you would react.” He became tense as if his mind was going to forbidden places.  
     “What happened?” He whispered. I frowned and sank to the floor. He sat down by me. “Are you ok, what…” I looked at him, interrupting his sentence.
     “I was looking for you and I went without Jesse and Jenn because they were taking too long.” I didn’t want to tell him about how Jesse lied to me merely because I didn’t want to explain that right this second. “So, I went off without them. Well, when I got to the house that the tracker said you were at, you weren’t there. Recluse said Dedrick had it taken out of you, Lord knows how he did it, but he did. Anyway, Jenn and Jesse showed up and they thought that Recluse was gonna take me or something so they attacked his guards. Well Recluse bailed so I followed him and that’s when he killed himself. I came back to where Jesse and Jenn were at after he died and Jesse had gotten stabbed. When I got there Jenn took off to go get him some blood or whatever, and we were in a basement. I pulled the knife out of Jesse and we were waiting for Jenn to get back, but Dedrick poured gasoline under the door and it spilled into the basement and then he set it on fire. Jesse had an open wound and he was all bloody and the room was on fire. I offered him my blood so that he would heal, but he wouldn’t take it so I took the knife that had been in him and I cut open my hand and fed him my blood. Well, later on, when we were all safe and at the hotel, Jesse was freaking out and he left to his room and then Jenn explained to me what had happened.”
     “What happened exactly?” Alex inquired. “You just fed him your blood.” He sounded relieved. I shrugged a little.
     “Yes, but it made this… thing.”
     “What kind of thing?” The worry was back now.
     “Well, when a female shape shifter, human, vampire, female anything, when she offers her blood to a male vampire and he drinks it while some of his blood in her system, it creates a bond, so to speak.”
     “But you didn’t have his blood in your system.” He argued. I nodded.
     “That’s what I thought, however, I cut my hand with the knife that was covered in his blood because he wouldn’t willingly drink my blood. I didn’t know at the time Alex, I swear! I didn’t know me doing this would create a bond.” He shook his head.
     “I know, I know, just, what kind of a bond is it?” He questioned.
     “Jenn said it’s like marriage for vampires, it affects the female in no way, but the male becomes more attached to the girl.” I stared at Alex, unable to read the emotion he was feeling right now. “I’m so sorry Alex, I love you, not him, and I didn’t mean to…” The blank expression on his face disappeared and he smiled at me, his eyes now full of understanding.
     “Hey, it’s ok, you didn’t know, and even if you did, I wouldn’t be mad at you.” He swore.
     “What about Jesse, are you mad at him?” Alex held up his hand, his fingers were separated as if he was showing me how long an inch was. This told me he was just a little frustrated with him.
     “I’m not mad at him, per se, he needed blood so I can’t argue, however, I’m mad that he made you cut yourself with that blade. In the back of his head, he knew exactly what was going on, he could have stopped you and just drank your blood, but he decided to let the bond thing happen.”
     “You’re not mad about him drinking my blood?” I wondered, I thought this would bother him, but it didn’t appear so. He slowly shook his head.
     “No, it was your choice to give him your blood so I’m not mad about that.” Alex sighed and looked at me. “The bottom line is, I’m honestly not mad at you. Is there uh, is there some sacred vampire divorce policy or what?” I giggled and shook my head.
     “No, I’m stuck, I guess girls can only have the blood bond once, but guys can have it as many times as they want. The thing is, if Jesse ever has the blood bond with anyone else, that’s when it’ll drop off of me.” Alex smiled and nodded. 
     “Perfect, then we can just grab some random chick and…” I shook my head.
     “She has to offer it to him, he can’t constrain a human to offer it to him, it has to be sincere.” Alex sighed.
     “Well then you’re never gonna get out of this thing.” I scowled at him. 
     “Hey, come on, give Jesse more credit than that.” I demanded. Alex shrugged. 
     “I’m just saying, if he likes you even more now, why would he even consider liking someone else. I’m not indicating that someone wouldn’t fall in love with him.” I sighed and nodded.
     “So yeah, I’m stuck in it until further notice on his part.” Alex half smiled and gave me a hug.
     “I’m not mad at you babe, and this still doesn’t change any of our marriage stuff, ok.” I smiled and gave him a kiss.
     We sat silently for a few seconds and then I sighed, thinking passed Jesse and the bond and everything and thinking to the wedding. 
     “I don’t want to plan a wedding.” I meant to say this in my head but I whispered it just loud enough for Alex to hear. He smiled.
     “I’m sure you could convince Jenn to help you.” I shook my head and looked at him.
     “No, no, like I really don’t want to have to deal with a huge wedding. I love Jenn, but Lord knows what she’d have done, she’d make it all white and silver and pretty and the dress…” I shivered at that thought. “I mean, if it was up to me I’d get married in sweatpants and a T-shirt.” Alex chuckled and sat there for a minute, lost in his own thoughts. After a few seconds he looked at me with a flare of genius in his eyes.
     “It is up to you, it’s up to you and me, so, why don’t we?” 
     “Why don’t we what?”
     “Get married in sweatpants and T-shirts.” I laughed and shook my head.
     “Hon I was just kidding.” He shook his head.
     “Fine, kidding or not it was still a genius idea. Think about it, we really don’t need the big wedding with every family member in the world coming and reminiscing back to when you were five and asking if you remember them. We don’t need fifty bridesmaids and groomsmen, we don’t need any of that.” I nodded, he was on to something here.
     “Yeah, yeah, you’re right.” I looked at him. “I don’t want a bunch of stuff and you don’t care, do you?” He shook his head.
     “No, I don’t care about any of that, though, the cake…” He hinted. I nodded.
     “Right, cake is a given.” He paused and then shrugged.
     “Though, if a cake is unavailable I’ll settle for Twinkies.” I giggled.
     “So really, you’ll be fine with whatever so long as you have cake or Twinkies?” He sat there for a long moment and then he nodded.
     “Yes, that sounds good.” I half smiled and nodded.
     “So we can do something simple?” He nodded. 
     “Yeah, in fact, if you want, I’ll look into getting married at city hall. It’s relatively simple, you go in, say your vows, give each other the rings, I kiss you and shabam! That‘s how easy it is to get married.” I chuckled and shook my head.
     “Right, and what about the uh marriage license?” I wondered. He shrugged. 
     “Yeah the vampires I call will definitely have to do something about that.” I smiled. 
     “Well you seem to know what you’re doing so I’ll let you do all the talking.” He smirked and then he grabbed the ring from the ring box and held out his empty hand. I laid my left hand in his and he slid on the ring. It fit perfectly, I thought this to be more than a coincidence. A moment later I looked from the ring to Alex. “What size ring did your mom wear?” He sighed, no doubt hoping I wouldn’t have asked this. 
     “She uh, she wears a size eight.” I felt a small smile form on my face.
     “I’m size seven Alex.” He nodded.
     “Yeah, while you were sleeping, I did a lot of thinking. I thought about how you chose me and you went through hell, all for me. I can only think of one person in the world, beside myself that I’d do that for. So, I decided I wanted to ask you to marry me so I went and got it sized.” I smiled and shook my head.
     “What if I would have said no?” I asked. He shrugged.
     “Would you ever have said no?” I smiled and shook my head.
     “Probably not.” I answered truthfully. He nodded and wrapped his arms around me. He kissed my head. As we stood there, I remembered the aching pain that overflowed my body. I groaned. Alex sighed and rubbed my back. 
     “It’s hard the first few times, give it a few more days and the venom will be out of our system.” 
     “Why does it hurt so bad?” I questioned. I didn’t understand how it could be so painful.
     “Well, when vampire venom is injected into humans it just turns them. The venom is trying to turn us into vampires but our blood is fighting it off at the same time.” 
     “Wow, even the things that make us what we are hate each other. The vampire venom is trying to turn us into a vampire and our blood is laughing at it for it’s feeble attempts. They kind of just fight.” He laughed and nodded. 
     “Yeah, pretty much. Our blood can only fight off four doses of the venom, five is too much, it can’t fight off that much venom, make more of itself and take care of us at the same time. If we get bitten five times, it takes a few minutes to kick in, but it overthrows our blood and it begins to turn us into vampires. Since we’re shifters, we’ll never be able to turn into a vampire, it can never happen, so all of the venom goes to our brain and it kills it. It’s quick and painless but it does the trick.”
     “Why does it go to the brain?” I wondered. 
     “The brain is the place that the vampire venom and the shifter gene go to when injected into us.”
     “Why does it go to the brain?” I wondered.
     “It goes to the brain because it commands it to spread throughout the body quicker. In a way, the venom and the gene, they have minds of their own.”
     “It thinks?” I asked sarcastically. He half smiled.
     “No, I don’t believe it thinks, I just believe it was designed to know exactly what to do.” I stared at him curiously.
     “Designed, what do you mean designed?” 
     “I don’t think that vampires and shape shifters and werewolves just appeared when the world was made. They’re so complex and unearthly, I don’t think that they could just be here.” I nodded, understanding his thought process.
     After a minute, we both got up and grabbed my phone from the kitchen. Jenn had put contacts into my phone so I assumed Recluse would be on there.
     “Alright, I’m just gonna call Recluse’s people and see if they’ll help us.” Alex said. I nodded.
     “Hey, do me a favor?” He looked at me.
     “Yeah, what?” 
     “Try to get Dean to help us, I’d rather get help from someone we know than a stranger.” He nodded.
     “Alright.” Alex stood up and held the phone up to his ear. He kissed my forehead and then he left the room. While I waited for Alex to return, I felt a wave of suspicion flow over me. I got up and headed to Jenn’s room. When there I looked around the room. I looked down at Jenn’s suitcase, by it was Jesse’s. I thought it odd that Jesse hadn’t even returned to get his stuff. I thought that maybe I had seen him, that maybe he was just returning to get his stuff but since it was still here, I figured that wasn’t the case. Where was he? Why hadn’t he come back yet? Jenn, I understood, she had to get Scott, but Jesse, what was he doing? I sat silently in the room for a while, waiting for Alex to figure out where I was. He finally found me minutes later with a grin on his face. He tossed the phone on the bed and sat down by me. 
     “Ok, so they’re sending someone, they’ll be here in a few hours.”
     “Dean?” I wondered. He shook his head.
     “I asked for Dean but he’s really busy I guess, so I don’t know if he’ll come.” I nodded. At least he had tried. 
     I grabbed the phone off of the bed and we went back to our room. We laid down on the bed and began to Google how to get married at city hall. I found a promising article and we began to read. After twenty minutes, we pretty much had the basics down. We basically only needed three things, one, a marriage license, two, witnesses and three a little bit of money. With the marriage license, it needed to be registered at least twenty-four hours before we got married. We decided that we would go to the Manhattan Marriage Bureau, it was open Monday through Friday from eight thirty to three forty-five. At the bureau we will fill out the papers for the license there. Since I was under eighteen, I’d need consent from a guardian. Alex assured me that the vampire that came would take care of that. We would need ID in order to actually get the license. Since Jesse had gotten passports made for us, we could use those. The bureau was at 141 Worth Street and the license was about thirty-five to forty dollars. We would fill out the license at the bureau and then we would make sure it looked right and then we would take a copy of it with us, that’s when we would need to wait a day before actually getting married. As for the witnesses, the vampire could work as one and he could get someone else easily, the only requirement of the witness was that they fill out a form and they must be eighteen or older. After we obtain the license and wait a day, we’ll go to the City Clerks Office and that’s where the actual ceremony will be held, that’s when we need the witnesses. When we get there, we’ll get a number and wait until that number is called, when it’s called, Alex, the witnesses and I will all go and fill out some paperwork and then we’ll wait a while longer. Then we’ll be called into the chapel and the ceremony will take place. It’s very straight forward, it’s only about ten minutes at the most. We say our vows, give each other the rings and then we get the marriage certificate and go. To get married the fee is twenty-five dollars. After reading over the page a few times, we understood clearly what we had to do. I finally put the phone down and looked at Alex. 
     “Do I have permission to call Carly and Dan and tell them our plans or no?” He chuckled. 
     “You can tell whoever you want.” I stared at him and tilted my head a little. 
     “Do you have anyone you want to tell, like family?” He grew tense at my words and I almost regretted asking him. He looked at me and shook his head.
     “When I left my family I dropped all contact with them. I haven’t talked to them in four years.” I frowned.
     “Do you miss them?” I wondered. Alex had spoken to me about his family in the past, but not very much. He left his pack after his brother Jared and his wife died. From what he had told me, he disliked his father very much but he loved his mom and sister. Alex laid there for a moment before answering my question.
     “I regret not being strong enough to stay and take care of my mother and sister. My dad was very irrational and he expressed his irrationalism with anger. He was abusive to my family.” He shook his head in disgust and looked at me. “You would think after growing up watching him hit my mom or push my sister or punch my brother, you think I would never have left them alone to have to fend for themselves, but I did.” I shook my head. 
     “You did what was best for you.” I encouraged. He nodded and looked at me.
     “Yeah, I did, but it wasn’t necessarily best for my family. My sister, Violet, she’s a lot like Jenn in ways, maybe not as frightening, but her personality is on the same line. She can take care of herself, she doesn’t let people push her around, I think she’s one of the only ones who ever stood up to my father. Jared and I, we would yell at him and stuff but if he hit her, she’d hit him back. They learned to have a neutral relationship with one another. My dad didn’t bother her all that much.”
     “But you and Jared?” I hinted. He shook his head and sighed. 
     “We only struck him back when it was needed, we promised ourselves we wouldn’t sink down to his level.”
     “Why is your dad like that?” He shrugged.
     “Mike’s a drunk, I believe that’s why he does the things he does.”
     “Has he always been like that?” Alex shook his head. 
     “No, there was a time when he was a good husband and father.” Alex grabbed my left hand and motioned to the ring. “He loved my mom when they first married, that’s why he gave her this.”
     “What made him change?” I asked, my eyes fixed on the ring. Alex shrugged as he set my hand down.
     “My dad had two brothers and one was taken by a vampire and he was tortured to death. This made my father really depressed, he and his brothers were close. Naturally, he was sad about the loss of his brother so he and my uncle Jack went out to a bar one night and that’s when my dad’s addiction began. My uncle doesn’t get addicted to things so a beer or two, a couple of shots, those will get him drunk but he won’t need them the next day. However, my dad, well, after he got that first taste of alcohol he couldn’t function without it.” 
     “So he became an alcoholic.” I whispered. Alex nodded.
     “He started getting bad when I was five. I didn’t really remember when he was ‘the good dad’ but Jared could remember. Jared was four years older than me so he remembered my dad being kind.” 
     “But you never did?” I asked. Alex laid there for a moment before responding.
     “I have, memories of him, when he was good. I remember him kissing my mom and holding her hands and carrying me around on his shoulders. Little things like that I remember but the real things,” he shook his head, “they’re just not there.” I frowned and laid my head on his chest. After a long minute of silence, he began to speak again. “Jared was like a dad to me more than Mike ever was. That was a lot for Jared to handle, he was nine when my dad resorted to drinking, nine, and he was,” Alex sighed and shook his head, “he was more than he should have been.” We laid there for another minute before Alex rubbed my shoulder and sat up a little. 
“Anyway, why don’t you go ahead and call Carly and Dan, I know that they’ll be excited to hear from you.” 
     “What are you gonna do?” I inquired. He shrugged. 
     “I’m kinda tired so I might go back to sleep.” I nodded.
     “You don’t have to sleep on the couch you know.” I offered. He half smiled and nodded. 
     “Alright.” He kissed my head. “If you’re awake when the vampire gets here, if it’s not Dean go ahead and get me up.” I nodded. 
     “Ok.” I kissed him and then I got up. I grabbed my phone and then I headed to the living room.
     When in the room, I sat down on the couch and dialed the pack’s phone number. I listened as it rang several times.
     “Hello?” I recognized the voice to belong to Bruce.
     “Hey, Bruce, it’s Selena.”
     “What do you want?” He asked, the malice entering his voice.
     “I actually want to talk to Carly, if that’s not too big of a request.”
     “Carly’s busy.” He hissed. I chuckled. 
     “Dan will work then.”
     “He’s unavailable.”
     “What, did you kill everybody?” I joked. He didn’t reply. “Just give me to someone Bruce.” I demanded. 
     “A few weeks ago, I received a call from Alex, he was going on about how I kicked you out of the pack and how that was unacceptable.” 
     “Yeah, well if my memory is correct, you did kick me out.” 
     “Yes, but I don’t appreciate you trying to turn people against me.” I laughed.
     “Well Bruce, you gave me lemons, I simply made lemonade. It was gross, bitter lemonade, but lemonade none the less. Now please, if you would be so kind as to give the phone to my mother, I would really appreciate it.” Bruce didn’t answer, the only thing that broke the silence was the sound of John’s voice.
     “Hello?” He asked, disconcerted. I didn’t know what to say to him.
     “Um, John, it’s Selena. Can uh, can you please give the phone to Carly?” I hoped.
     “Yeah, but she’s talking to Dan about something right now, I think she’s talking about the baby.” I nodded. 
     “Oh, ok.” I mumbled.
     “What did you do to Bruce, he looks pis…”
     “Angry, I know.” John chuckled. 
     “Right, he looks angry, what happened?” I was surprised we weren’t bickering by this point, John and I didn’t always see eye to eye.
     “Um, he doesn’t really like me and he did something that upset me so I told Alex and he basically called me a tattletale.”
     “Hmm… when are you guys coming back again?” He was good at changing subjects.
     “Um, that’s uh, that’s kinda what I need to talk to Carly about.” 
     “Right.” We were silent for what seemed like hours, though it was only a minute. “Right, well here’s Carly.” He finally said. I nodded. 
     “Ok, thanks.” 
     “Yep.” I heard chattering in the background and then Carly took the phone.
     “Selena!” She exclaimed. I felt a smile of relief form on my face.
     “Hey mom, how are you?” I asked. 
      “Good… why were you talking to John? Was he bothering you?” I chuckled and shook my head.
     “No, no, Bruce actually answered the phone and we were arguing so he handed the phone to John.”
     “Pff, because giving the phone to John is gonna cause less arguing.” She said sarcastically.
     “He was actually pretty good, we didn’t argue, though we barely talked. He did ask when we were coming home.” 
     “I’m gonna ask the same, when are you coming home? I thought you were coming home a while ago but you didn’t.” 
     “Yeah, we ran into a few problems but everything’s alright now.” I promised. I sat silently for a second, thinking over what to say to her. “Um, hey, can I ask you something?” I hoped. 
     “Yeah hon, what’s up?”
     “Um, I just kind of had a question about marriage.” She was silent. “It’s kind of important.”
     “What’s up?” She sounded suspicious.
     “Well uh, Alex,” after the word Alex left my mouth I heard her let out a sigh of relief, “he kind of asked me to marry him, and I said yes.” We sat there for a while before she began to talk.
     “Wow.” Was all she could say. I nodded and laid down on the couch.
     “Yeah, and I know what you’re thinking, ‘oh sweetie you’re too young’ and, ‘are you sure about this’ and…” 
     “No.” She said interrupting me.
     “What?”
     “No, I’m not thinking that at all.” She swore.
     “Then what were you thinking?” I asked.
     “Well, age is just a number and I want to think you wouldn’t have said yes if you weren’t sure, but, how long have you known him, I mean marriage is a lifelong thing.” 
     “Yeah, but so is the shape shifter bond Carly, no matter what, I’m always going to be bound to him.”
     “I see your point, but are you positive that you’re doing it because you love him and not because of… hormones?” I sat there with a shocked and confused look on my face. Half of me new exactly what she was talking about and the other half had no clue so I asked just to be certain. 
     “Hormones?” I croaked.
     “Yes, I mean, I was once a teenager too, believe it or not and I know that feeling where you just want to…” I shook my head, trying to stop her right there.
     “Whoa, whoa, whoa! Ok, no Carly, no. I mean, obviously, that wasn’t the last thing on my mind, but it wasn’t the first thing.” I reassured. She giggled, knowing she had made me uncomfortable.
     “Then what was the first?” She wondered. I paused, trying to think over my answer.
     “I love him and I want to be with him.” 
     “But you could be with him now, you don’t have to be married to spend time with him.” I nodded.
     “You’re right, I don’t have to be married to spend forever with him, but there are restrictions.” I could see the smug smile on her face right now.
     “Restrictions?” She inquired. I sighed in defeat.
     “I told you the sex wasn’t the last thing on my mind.” I mumbled. 
     “So are you just marrying him because of that?” I knew that she wasn’t trying to be rude, she was just worried about me.
     “No.” I answered truthfully. “No, I’m marrying him because I love him and I don’t want to spend my life with anyone else.”
     “What happened to Jesse? I’m not trying to change the subject, but I thought you kind of liked him.” I sighed and closed my eyes.
     “Jesse left, I don’t know where to. He found out that his fiancée from years ago was alive and he left.” She was quiet now, no doubt at a loss for words. We sat in silence until she thought of something to say.
     “Well that’s ok that he left, I’d prefer you to be with Alex anyway.” I felt a thankful smile appear on my face.
     “So it’s ok for me to marry him?” I hoped. 
     “No, I merely meant that I like Alex better, and you’re asking for permission?” I guess it was kind of idiotic. 
     “Um, yeah, I guess I am.” 
     “Sweetie, it’s your life, you don’t need permission from anyone to live it. I don’t think that getting married at your age is the best idea, but…”
     “Ha!” I said, interrupting her. “So it is my age.” She sighed in defeat.
     “Well, no, age was the wrong word… ugh, I just, I just want you to do what’s best for you.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Thank you. I know that people won’t like it and will come up with a million excuses as to why we shouldn’t get married, but I don’t think marriage is a bad thing. Alex and I both strongly believe in the concept of it, if we didn’t I’m sure we would have…” I figured she understood what I meant when I stopped talking.
     “Right.” She whispered.
     “Are you mad?” I asked. I didn’t think she was, but with her being pregnant, her mood could be more unpredictable than it normally was. 
     “No, I’m not mad at all.” She promised. I smiled because the hard part of the talk was over.
     “How are you doing?” I finally asked. 
     “I’m doing great, this morning sickness deal is not my thing but sadly there’s not an off switch.” I frowned.
     “I’m sorry, that’s no fun.” 
     “Eh, I’ll get over it. You should see Dan, he’s very excited!” She enthused. I smiled and moved some loose hair off of my face. 
     “Is it different since this is your second pregnancy?” I wondered.
     “Um, it has a sense of déjà vu, the morning sickness and other things, but it’s different in it’s own ways. Every pregnancy is different, this baby is growing faster than my first baby and I notice things more.” I smiled.
     “I can’t wait to see you, I miss you.” 
     “I miss you too hon! When will you be home?” She questioned.
     “Well, I assume Alex and I are gonna get married in the next week.”
     “Are you two eloping or what’s the deal?”
     “We’re gonna get married in city hall.”
     “Ah, is Jenn going to help you get the marriage license or something?”
     “Jenn’s actually not here.”
     “Oh.”
     “Yeah, but we have some of Jesse’s ‘friends’ coming to help us so it’s all good.” 
     “Ah, what are you guys gonna do for a honeymoon, are you going to have one?” I paused, I hadn’t really thought of that.
     “Um, I’m not really sure, I mean, we’re still in New York, what could we do in New York for cheap?” I asked.
     “You can do a lot of things I’d imagine. You can see the Statue of Liberty, you like historical stuff, don’t you?” I nodded. 
     “Yeah, History and Geography.”
     “There you go, there’s museums and monuments and there’s the Central Park Zoo.” She suggested. All of this sounded good, but none of it was anything I truly wanted to do, I’d rather just spend time with Alex watching movies and stuff.
     “Yeah, I guess there is that stuff huh?” 
     “Absolutely.” I sighed and shook my head.
     “Eh, I’ll figure it out, just uh, I’ll call you later.” 
     “Ok, just call before you actually come back ok?” I nodded. 
     “Alright.”
     “And be ‘safe.’ ” I knew she meant a totally different kind of ‘safe.’ I chuckled and shook my head.
     “Right, I love you Mom.”
     “I love you too, I’ll talk to you later.” I nodded.
     “Alright, tell Dan for me?” 
     “Of course.” I smiled.
     “Bye Carly.” I moved the phone away from my ear and hung it up.
     Immediately, the thought of the honeymoon began to stream through my mind. “What should we do?” I asked myself. “Damn you Carly!” She had lit a flame that I was sure wouldn’t go away. “Why did she have to bring up the sex topic, why?” I tried to stay focused on the basics like where we would go and what we would do, but as hard as I tried, my mind kept on drifting back to that one subject. As much as I hated to admit it, she was right, the sex was a way bigger part of it then I had let on. I honestly loved him and wanted to be with him, but she was right, I didn’t have to be married to spend time with him. I mean, look at us now, we were happy just being together, but like I had said, there are restrictions. Alex and I had never come very close to “doing it,” I mean, maybe once, but we stopped before it was too late and I told him how I felt and he told me how he felt. To us, we needed to be married, there was no arguing that, we wanted to both remain virgins until after we were married.
     To distract myself from my new thoughts, I began to Google things to do in New York City. I searched the web for an hour until I gave up. Though I had found a bunch of fun things to do, I just wasn’t interested enough to actually do them. I supposed in a way it didn’t matter, just so long as I could be with Alex, that’s what would make it fun, not the things we were doing. I kept telling myself, “It’s just a honeymoon, you don’t need to do anything to make it special,” but deep down there was this feeling, a feeling of want. I wanted to remember it as the first few days of our marriage and I wanted to remember it as a fun and romantic time rather than a time of us doing stuff just to pass the hours. After an hour of reading about things we could do in New York City, I shut off- the phone and set it on the side table. I sighed and got up. I walked to my room, Alex was sound asleep on the bed. I smiled at him and got into my suitcase. I grabbed fresh clothes and headed to the bathroom. I wasn’t dirty because I had slept the past few days, but I had nothing else to do and I figured the warm water would feel great on my sore muscles. 
     In the next thirty minutes, I took a shower and got dressed. I put away my old clothes and I headed to the living room. I was more tired and sore than I had noticed so I laid down on the couch and stared at the floor. I watched the floor, motionless and dull for twenty minutes before the fatigue sank in and I fell asleep.
     The only reason I woke up was because someone was knocking on the door. I blinked my eyes a few times, letting them adjust to the light and I stood up. I shuffled my way over to the door. I yawned and unlocked it. I opened it and to my relief, I saw Dean. I felt a big smile form on my face. He returned the gaze and I moved out of the way, allowing him to enter. When he was in the room, I closed and locked the door. He was now sitting on the couch looking at me. I crossed my arms and leaned up against the wall.
     “Alex called and said that you guys needed help, he asked for me personally and I was happy to help.” I smiled. 
     “Thank you, were you busy?” I hoped not. He shrugged.
     “A little, but not enough to not be able to help you.” He was being very polite for some reason.
     “We would have asked for just anyone but we wanted you because…”
     “Because I’m better than the rest of them?” He joked. I laughed and walked over to the couch. I sat down by him.
     “No, because we know you already.” He nodded, only a little upset.
     “Right.” He muttered.
     “I would ask Jenn but she’s…”
     “Finding Scott, I’m well aware.” This guy knew everything. We were silent for a minute until Dean asked the question that he really needed to know.
     “What do you need help with?” He wondered.
     “We need you to constrain some people.” He nodded.
     “Naturally, may I ask who?”
     “Alex and I are getting married and I’m underage.” He nodded.
     “Right, so you need me to ‘convince’ certain people that you’re the correct age?” I nodded.
     “Yes, and we need witnesses.” 
     “How many?”
     “Two, I believe.” He smiled and shook his head.
     “Just a few weeks ago you were running from Aaron, and now you’re getting married, if I may ask, what brought this on?” I shook my head.
     “We’re not in danger any more, we don’t have to run.” He nodded.
     “Clearly, I mean, with Aaron dead and Dedrick…” He shook his head in bewilderment. “You’re merely a sixteen year old girl and you did what none of us were capable of.” The amount of respect in his voice was indefinite, it made me blush. Finally, after a minute of silence I looked at him.
     “How did you know about Ded…” He held up a hand, interrupting me.
     “Word travels fast Selena, especially word about Dedrick.” I laughed under my breath and stared at him.
     “How many people know?” I wondered. He half smiled charmingly. 
     “A lot.” I nodded and looked away. “When I heard the news that Dedrick had been killed, I immediately assumed it would have been Jesse that killed him, or perhaps even Jenn, but you,” he shook his head, “I never would have thought it possible.” He smiled at me. “A lot of people are very happy with you Selena. You’ve brought hope to them.” I frowned and shook my head. 
     “Yeah, but someone’s still in charge, they’re not free yet.”
     “Selena, Dedrick has been in charge for far too long with far too much power. You took away that power.” 
     “But someone’s still in charge.” I argued. He sighed.
     “Yes, we’ve already clarified this.” I chuckled, this made him smile and he looked at me with serious eyes. “You need to understand that it’s going to take her years to gain that respect that Dedrick had, assuming she begins to gain any.” I froze as his words echoed in my mind. I looked at him.
     “Her?” I asked. “So it is…” He nodded, knowing exactly what I was going to say.
     “Yes, I’m afraid it is. It’s quite an interesting twist, isn’t it?” I didn’t reply so Dean moved on. “Everyone knows who she is, Nichole has made herself quite public to the people.”
     “Have you met her?” I interrogated. He nodded.
     “Yes, I went and introduced myself, I like to be on the power’s good side.” I half smiled, but it faded.
     “Has she changed Dedrick’s system much?” I wondered. He paused, lost in thought.
     “Um, no, not that I know of, the only real difference is that she is far more charismatic then Dedrick was, even more so than Aaron. That and she’s not cruel to the vampires under her command.”
     “Well then she’s never gonna gain that respect she needs.” Dean shook his head.
     “On the contrary, I believe that she will gain more.” I stared at him, confused.
     “And why do you think this?” I didn’t understand his thought process.
     “I believe befriending them is better than scaring them. She’s gaining the people’s trust and making them like her. People do better at their job when they believe in the cause.”
     “So she’s becoming friends with them?” He shook his head.
     “Not necessarily friends, she’s just being… considerate towards them. This is true power, in my opinion, the more people on her side, the stronger she is.”
     “What about the people not on her side?” I inquired. He frowned.
     “Only thirteen have tried anything.” I laughed.
     “Yeah, only, Dean, it’s been like three days. What does she do to them?” 
     “It’s pretty obvious Selena.” I frowned and looked down.
     “Right.”
     “She kills them publicly so all of the other vampires know what happens when you try to harm her.”
     “So you’re either on her side or you die?” I accused. Dean shrugged.
     “In theory. The only people who she has killed are the ones daring enough to hurt her. As for people who disagree, well, there’s many, but she’s kind to them never the less, she only kills people who try to kill her. She has to gain respect somehow.”
     “And is it working?” I figured not but I wasn’t sure. He shook his head.
     “Not yet, but give it a year and she’ll be well known and well respected.”
     “But more than Dedrick was?” He nodded right after the words escaped my mouth.
     “Oh yes, I believe she has far more potential then he did. She’s more organized and less hate driven.” 
     “Hate driven?” He nodded.
     “Yes, she doesn’t hate the humans.” I shook my head.
     “Then why is she even doing this?” I asked, confused.
     “Power. You see, unlike Dedrick, she doesn’t want to simply wipe out the human race, no, what she seeks is power and by all accords, she’s got a lot of it and it will just continued to grow and grow.”
     “Why do you think?” He frowned, his face was serious.
     “Like I said, she is very charismatic.” Dean stood up and began to pace. “Do you know why Dedrick never made hybrids Selena?” I shook my head. “Well, he never made them because they cannot be constrained and they don’t have to obey their masters. He wouldn’t have been able to control it and that scared him, he needed control in all situations.”
     “But Nichole doesn’t?” I was a little intimidated by the thought of her. Dean shook his head.
     “No, she needs control, however, she can control the hybrids, assuming she would ever make one.”
     “But you just said you can’t control them.” He nodded. 
     “You can’t control them, but you can convince them. Seeing what she’s done with some of the vampires in a matter of ‘like three days,’ ” he said, mimicking me, “I don’t think it would be difficult to get the hybrids on her side.” 
     “Has she… made a hybrid yet?” I hoped not. He shook his head.
     “No, I don’t even think she knows what a hybrid is, but, if she ever does…” He shook his head, not wanting to imagine the results. “Let’s just say, if she’s looking for power, she won’t get any better than hybrids.” Dean leaned up against the wall like I had earlier and I looked at him. 
     “What happened after Recluse died?” I asked. He frowned and stood up straighter. 
     “Recluse had a contract stating who would take over if he was ever to die, it was a long list full of hundreds of people, I was at the top of the list.” I half smiled. 
     “So you took over for him?” He nodded. 
     “Yes, and I’ll tell you, he made it look so simple.” I frowned.
     “Were you two close?” He nodded and his eyes turned silver, but it quickly faded. 
     “Yes, we were turned on the same day, we were best friends for years before we were turned and we were friends after, I was very displeased to see him die.” 
     “I’m sorry.” He shook his head.
     “Death isn’t always a thing to be mourned, it’s not an ending, it’s a new beginning.” I stared at him and a question entered my mind.
     “What was his real name?” I asked. Dean nodded.
     “Ah, yes, Recluse was just the name he went by, since I took over I’ll now be called Recluse, but him, his real name was Markus.” I smiled and looked down. 
     A minute later, I began to tell him of our plans.
     “Tomorrow, we’d like to go to the Manhattan Marriage Bureau and get the marriage license.” He nodded.
     “141 Worth Street, yes, and what time would you like to get there?”
     “As early as possible, it opens at eight thirty.” He nodded.  
     “Then well leave here around seven thirty, if that’s alright?” I nodded. As I looked at Dean, a figure appeared to his right. I looked and to my surprise, I saw Jenn.
     “Jenn?” I whispered. I stared at her and blinked and then she was gone. I sat there, confused. Dean followed my gaze and then he kind of nodded to himself.
     “How many doses of venom are in you?” I looked away from where Jenn had been and I stared at him. 
     “There’s four in me and four in Alex.” He nodded.
     “With some people, the venom messes with their minds. It goes to their brains and it causes them to hallucinate.” I tilted my head a little. 
     “How long will it last?” I wondered. 
     “However long the venom is in your system.” I half smiled, grateful to know I wasn’t going crazy.
     “Thank you.” I said sincerely. He smiled and stood up straight. He turned around and opened the door.
     “Seven thirty Selena.” And he was gone. 






























Chapter 4

     I woke up at seven the next morning, only because my alarm clock on my phone was going off. I turned off the alarm and stretched. I felt a little better today, it wasn’t complaint worthy any more. I didn’t want to get up but I wanted to get the marriage license so I forced myself out of bed. I tiredly walked to the room, Alex was still asleep. I didn’t want to wake him up, but he was kind of an important part in getting a marriage license, believe it or not. I sat on the edge of the bed and I scooted closer to him. I then laid down so that our faces were right next to each other. 
     “Hey.” I whispered. “You need to get up so we can leave.” He peeked open his eyes and then he closed them again.
     “No.” He said stubbornly. I chuckled and tried again.
     “Babe, we leave in thirty minutes.” He sighed.
     “But if I get up the day has to start.” He complained. 
     “These darn first world problems.” I joked. He smiled and wrapped his arms around me. I kissed him and I slipped out of his arms. He frowned as I sat up.
     “Come back!” He demanded. I shook my head.
     “No, you get another kiss when you’re up and ready to go.” This was an evil form of reason, but a form of reason none the less. He scowled at me disapprovingly but then he sat up. Alex stretched and yawned and then we both stood up. I gave him and quick kiss on the nose. He smiled and looked around.
     “Did the vampire ever come?” He asked, just now remembering the previous day’s events. I nodded.
     “Yeah, it was Dean.” Alex wore a smile of relief.
     “That’s good, did you talk to him?” He wondered. I nodded. 
     “Yeah, I told him what we needed so he’s all filled in.” Alex nodded and let out one more yawn. He then looked at me.
     “I’m gonna go take a shower, I’ll be done in a few.” I nodded.
     “Do you want some breakfast?” He thought for a moment and then he nodded. 
     “Yeah, if you’re making food for yourself, I’ll have some.” I nodded and gave him one last kiss. I then left the room and headed to the kitchen.
     When in the kitchen I began to cook a frozen meal. As I cooked, I heard the movement of a chair behind me. I peeked over my shoulder and saw Dean sitting on a chair. I smiled at him and returned to my cooking.
     “Hey,” I muttered, “where’d you take off to last night?” I inquired. He shrugged.
     “Business stuff, I was simply gathering some money.” I nodded.
     “Right.” We grew quiet for several minutes before Dean spoke again. 
     “I sense something is troubling you, what is it?” He asked. I looked over at him and observed his face. He looked sincere so I answered.
     “Jesse took off a few days ago and he hasn’t come back, and with Nichole being alive, I’m afraid…” Dean held up a hand stopping me.
     “Jesse’s fine.” He reassured.
     “What, do you know where he is?” I hoped. He nodded.
     “Well of course, people couldn’t expect any less of me.” He gloated. 
     “Where is he?” I continued. Dean shook his head.
     “Now Selena, what kind of a friend would I be if I told you that?” I chuckled.
     “A good one.” He half smiled and shook his head. 
     “On the contrary, I believe that would make me a bad friend.”
     “Why?” He sat up a little straighter and stared at me.
     “Because, you don’t need to know that.” I shook my head. 
     “Jenn…” 
     “Will find him if she wants to.” He finished for me, that’s not what I was gonna say but oh well. “Selena, you have this life you’re trying to start with Alex. If I can give you a piece of advise, don’t spend this new life worrying about people from your old one. I know that you loved Jesse and even if it’s not that way now, I sense you still care for him. But, for both your sake and Alex’s sake, don’t. You see, Jesse is a peculiar being, one day he’ll be there and the next he won’t. Trying to hold onto him is like trying to hold water in your hands, you can cup the water and keep it for a while, but somehow it always manages to escape your hands. Jesse is going somewhere far away and for you to chase after him, this would ruin you. I understand you’re scared for him, not only because you care for him, but also because you care for Jenn. Caring for him isn’t a bad thing, I know that you will always have a place for him in your heart as a friend, but don’t solely think about his well being. He’s made this decision to go where he’s going so I ask you to respect this and move on.” Dean stared at me as I turned around and stirred the food. I felt he was right about this, heck, I didn’t just feel it, I knew it. I head the chair move but I kept my eyes fixed on the food. 
     “Selena.” Dean murmured.
     “What?” I asked. He was now right behind me.
     “Jesse bought fake IDs from me and we helped him get where he needed to be. I promise that so long as we know where he is we’ll take care of him.” I nodded and sighed.
     “Thank you.” He nodded and we spoke no more.
     When I finished cooking breakfast, Alex came into the kitchen and ate and talked to Dean. After I was done eating I went back to my room and got dressed. After that I went and cleaned up the dishes and then Alex and I grabbed some money and the needed IDs. When we had everything, Dean, Alex and I went outside, Dean had a car so we all got in and he began to drive. Alex and I sat in the back together and he sat in the front. All was silent until Dean decided to go over the plans, just once more. 
     “Ok, so we’re getting the marriage license today and you’re getting hitched tomorrow?” Alex nodded. 
     “That’s the plan, we just need your help with the age dilemma and any other things that we don’t have.” Dean nodded.
     “Right, ok, that’s easy enough. Now what about the actual getting married part?” 
     “Well, after getting the license, we’re gonna wait and tomorrow we’ll go to the City Clerk’s Office in the bureau and get married there.” I replied.
     “What a brutal process.” Dean said sarcastically. Alex and I smiled and then we began to discuss things we could do on the honeymoon. I told Alex just about everything I had read, he said he was cool with anything, though his eyes told me that none of the stuff I suggested really caught his attention. Dean gave us a few ideas but it was no use. Perhaps we didn’t want to do anything because we were so sore.
     When at the bureau, we got out of the car and followed Dean inside, he had a folder under his arm. The place was very crowded and loud. I didn’t know where to go, so we followed Dean. He took us to where we needed to be and then we began to wait. As we waited in line, Dean told Alex a little more about taking over Recluse’s job, I assumed they had talked about that while I was getting dressed. After a long while of waiting in line, we finally got to the front desk. The lady looked at us, flashed a friendly smile and spoke.
     “What can I do for you today?” She asked. Alex nodded.
     “Yeah, we’re here to get a marriage license.” The lady nodded as well.
     “Alright,” she said as she grabbed a few papers, “you’ll need ID and your birth certificates.” We froze, knowing we hadn’t brought those. Dean though, walked up to us and casually leaned on the counter. He looked at the lady. 
     “Give us one moment please.” The lady nodded and looked at her computer, I thought that he constrained her, but I couldn’t be sure. Dean looked at us and he reached into the folder he had with him and he pulled out two papers. He handed one to me and one to Alex. “These are your birth certificates, I knew you two would forget something so I have everything you’ll need.” Along with those, he handed us two little cards, one to me and one to Alex. “These are your social security numbers, you’ll need them in the application.” I stared at him, confused.
     “How did you get these?” I wondered in awe. He stared at me sarcastically.
     “I’m sure I could get the president’s social security number if I really wanted to, so your’s weren’t hard. Back on topic though, when she asks for your ID and birth certificate, give them to her and she’ll talk to you a little more and then she’ll give you the license and then you’ll fill it out. Today I’m Selena’s legal guardian.” He winked at me. “I’ve got all the information needed to pass off Carly and Dan so I’ll fill out the sheet and then hand it back to her along with your license and then she’ll take it from there.” Alex smiled, clearly impressed. 
     “Alright, now snap her out of it.” Alex said. Dean bowed respectfully and then the lady looked back at us as if she had never stopped talking.
     “You’ll give the needed items to me when you give me the license.” The lady finished. Alex nodded.
     “Alright, she’s under eighteen so is there a consent paper her dad needs to fill out or what?” The woman looked at Dean. 
     “Are you her guardian?” She questioned. He nodded.
     “Yes I am.” She nodded and began to dig through papers in a drawer. A second later, she handed Dean a paper. 
     “Just fill out the needed material and then give it back with their license.” He nodded and then she handed me and Alex a paper a clipboard and a pen. We smiled at her and began to fill out the paper. She helped us when it was needed.     
     About ten minutes later, we were all done and we gave everything to her. I caught a glimpse of the consent paper and Dean’s signature matched Dan’s completely. Of course vampires could mimic handwriting, that was a scary thought. After twenty more minutes we were done with everything. The woman gave us a copy of our license and then we paid in cash and left. Dean had to do a little bit of constraining to ‘prove’ that he was Dan but it all worked out. 
     As we drove home, we talked about the plans for tomorrow, we also thanked Dean for being more prepared than us. When back at the hotel, Dean parked and we got out, however, he didn’t. Alex and I looked at him as he rolled down the passenger side window. He leaned over so he could see us.
     “You guys go ahead and go up to the room, I need to do a few things.”
     “What are you doing?” Alex wondered. 
     “I need to go and get someone to be a witness tomorrow and I’m going to look into a donation sort of thing.” I stared at him. 
     “A donation for what?” I asked. He paused for a moment. 
     “A cause, anyway, I’ll se you two tonight or tomorrow. Be ready to go at seven sharp, ok.” We nodded. He smiled, rolled up the window and drove away.
     Alex and I walked up to the suite and then we entered the room. When inside, Alex shut and locked the door and then he let out a content sigh. I looked at him and felt a smile form on my face. 
     “Is it abnormal for a person to go through three last names in one year?” I asked. He stood there for a moment and finally nodded. 
     “Yes, yes it is, however, I think you have the ‘get out of jail free’ card in this matter, considering your life and all.” I smiled and Alex walked up to me. He wrapped his arms around me and picked me up. He carried me over to the couch and laid me down. He then laid on me and pressed his lips against mine. I looked at him with a curious gaze. 
     “What’s gonna be the best part of being married?” I asked him. He laid there for a few minutes, thinking over his answer, finally, he replied, 
     “I think the best part of being married will be that I get to be with you forever.” I smiled.
     “Aw,” I gawked, “how poetically rehearsed.” I teased. He smirked at me and then I put my hands on his chest and pushed him up. He sat up and so did I, but he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me to lay down on top of him. He kissed me and stared at me. 
     “What about you?” He asked. “What’ll be the best thing about being married to you?” I thought for a moment.
     “Hmm… can I steal your answer?” I hoped. He chuckled and shook his head. 
     “No, no you can’t.” I sighed and then I looked at him. 
     “The best part about being married, to me, is I’ll have family. I’ve always had a very dysfunctional family life so having someone as my family, I think that’ll be great.” He smiled and gave me a kiss on the nose. 
     “I love you.” He whispered. I nodded and laid my head on his chest. 
     “I love you too.” I whispered back. 
     Alex and I talked for twenty more minutes about random stuff. After that twenty minutes, we grew hungry so we went and made food. After eating sandwiches and chips, we went and watched movies that were playing on TV. I ended up falling asleep with my head in Alex’s lap after fifty minutes of The A-Team, I doubted he fell asleep though, he was far too involved in the movie to do so.
     Around eight p.m. I woke up in a silent room. The TV was off and Alex wasn’t here. Under my head was a pillow and covering me was a blanket. I yawned and slowly sat up. I looked around the dimly lit room and then I stood up. I walked over to the bedroom and saw Alex crashed out on the bed, a book on the side table next to him, it looked as if he’d gotten twenty pages through the book and then quit. “At least he tried.” I thought. I left the room and walked back into the living room. I went to the window and looked outside, the sun was setting and people were walking around. The people however, they weren’t the ones who caught me attention, what made me stare was him. Down on the concrete, looking up at me was a grey fox. I stared at him and blinked a few times. I thought this to be just an illusion, but after five blinks, Lapis was still there. I smiled and turned around. I ran to the front door and opened it. I quietly closed it behind myself and I ran down to the lobby. I then ran outside and went to where I’d seen him. When in front of the building, I looked and saw him. I smiled and walked to him.
     “Lapis!” I exclaimed as I knelt down and laid my hand on his head, however my hand never touched him. As soon as I touched his head, he disappeared. I stared at the now empty concrete and frowned. People around me were staring at me like I was crazy. I probably was crazy, trying to pet something that wasn’t actually there. I just stood up confused and discombobulated and turned around. I jumped at the sight of Dean. I took a deep breath in and he chuckled.
     “Boo.” He teased. I scowled at him and then we began to walk up to the room. “What were you doing?” He wondered. I sighed and shook my head. 
     “There was a fox and I thought he was real but he wasn’t.”
     “Anything out of the ordinary is probably not real Selena.” I nodded.
     “I know, but I just hoped.”
     “For a fox?” He hinted. 
     “Yes, he’s a friend.” Dean stared at me and slowly nodded.
     “Right, well I’ll trust you on this one.” He said as he opened the front door of the hotel for me. We walked in and headed to the elevator. Dean looked at me as we walked. “I bet you’re wishing you didn’t have to wait a day to get married, aren’t you?” I chuckled and nodded. 
     “A little bit.” I admitted. He smiled and reached into his pocket. He handed me a bottle of sleep medication.
     “This should help pass the time.” I smiled and shoved it into my pocket. I stared at him and shook my head. 
     “Why are you so nice to us?” I wondered. He shrugged.
     “Well there’s got to be some good guys other than Jesse, right?” I smiled and nodded. 
     “Right, well, thank you for this.” I motioned at my pocket.
“I’m having a hard time waiting a couple of hours to get married, I can’t even imagine waiting months.” He shrugged. 
     “Well usually people have a lot more to do when actually planning the wedding so I’m sure they occupy themselves quite well.” I smiled and we began to ride the elevator. “What made you not want a big wedding?” He asked. “Is it because you didn’t want to wait?” I shook my head.
     “No, like you said, I could occupy myself just fine, but I just… big weddings don’t really stand out to me. You have to focus so much on what theme you want and the colors and flowers and dress and every other little thing. I don’t think the decorations are what makes a wedding.” 
     “In your opinion what makes a wedding?” I shrugged.
     “I think the two people getting married makes a wedding, not everything else that money can buy. I think that I’d get so caught up in everything else that I’d forget what the whole wedding was solely about, me and Alex.”
     “And that’s why you wanted this?” He wondered. I nodded. “Doesn’t it pain you to not have loved ones here?” I paused and thought it over for a second. I finally shook my head. Dean opened the door to the suite and then we walked in and closed the door. 
     “If I could have Carly and Dan here, it’d be great, however, I’d rather them stay where they are and be happy than come to a ten minute wedding. It’s just, I guess I don’t need them there.” 
     “Just Alex?” I nodded. 
     “Yeah, just Alex, and maybe the witnesses.” I joked. Dean smiled and we went to the kitchen. 
     As I made food, we talked about random things. He told me some of the stuff his people do and he refused to tell me other things about his people, probably for my own good. He told me of Jenn’s involvement with them in the past. Jenn had before worked with them for years, she was their head PI sort of person. She used to find people that no one else could. Dean said that after she quit working with Recluse, that’s when she began doing her own solo job, that’s when she began with the files. It was interesting hearing about her past, she had never dove too deep down into it.
     After dinner, we talked for a while longer before I grew restless. I finally took a few pills so that I could sleep and sure enough, it did the trick. Dean was doing something on his laptop and Alex was sleeping so I was free to go to sleep.
     On the morning of Tuesday, June fifth, Alex woke me up at six thirty. He had already showered and there was breakfast on the table. I ate and talked to both him and Dean as I did so.
     “Alright Selena,” Dean began, “after you finish your food, go clean up and get dressed. My witness will be here by the time you’re done I’m sure and then you two will be leaving together.” I stared at him, confused.
     “Where are we going?” I asked curiously. He shrugged. 
     “Ciara is coming to help out.” He said, ignoring my question.
     “Who?” I inquired.
     “Ciara’s the one who helped Jesse when he went into shock.” I nodded, I hadn’t met her personally. 
     “Ok, and where are we going?” I asked again.
     “You are having a girl’s day.” 
     “Girls day, like a bachelorette party?” I accused. He chuckled.
     “Sure, and Alex and I will be having a, er, bachelor party.” I frowned and looked at Alex, he looked as if he had just figured this out.
     “Wait, what are we doing?” Alex asked. 
     “Having fun!” Dean enthused. “Trust me, you won’t regret it.” I scowled at Dean, he obviously knew what that scowl meant. “Now Selena, I promise there will be no strippers, we wouldn’t want to over stimulate Alex’s mind now would we?” When Alex was embarrassed, he grew very tense, he was tense now as he cast a glare at Dean.
     “I believe over stimulating his mind is the point of a bachelor party, isn’t it?” A voice with a British accent said. We all looked to my left and there stood who I assumed to be Ciara. She was 5’ 4” and she has bleached blonde hair, it almost looked white with a yellow tint. She had peculiar eyes, I knew they were contacts. The pupil was black and then around the pupil, the black spread out making a sun-like pattern around it. Her eye color was silver but it appeared as if there were yellow and purple colors blended into the silver. The most unnatural part was the sparkles, her eyes looked like, along with the yellow and purple, there was glitter mixed into it. Not a lot of glitter, just a little. It was very pretty and nonhuman at the same time. After I was done examining her, I looked at Dean, he smiled at her and she took a chair by his side. 
     “No Ciara, he’s too loyal a puppy to do such a thing.” She half smiled and looked at me. 
     “Well, if you’re as loyal as he is, I suppose I’ll just have to change my plans.” I gulped at that thought.
     “Yes, please, just uh, do something simple.” I pleaded. She frowned. 
     “Oh but simple is so dreary.” I chuckled and then we were all silent. A minute later, I stood up.
     “Alright, I’ll be back.” I said as I turned around to head to the bedroom. I grabbed some clothes from my suitcase and then I went to the bathroom. I closed and locked the door. I started the shower and stripped, I then washed my hair and body and then I turned the water off and got out. When out of the shower, I dried off, got dressed and did my hair. After that I hung up my towel and walked out of the bathroom and to my room. 
     When I got in the room, I paused, a little confused. Ciara was sitting on the bed with my tin in her lap. I walked in and threw my dirty clothes in the bag and I looked at her. 
     “What are you doing?” I wondered. I wasn’t upset, just curious. She shrugged and pulled out the ring Jesse had given me.
     “I was with Jesse when he bought this, you’re smart to not wear it.” I half smiled and walked over to the bed. I sat down and stared at her. She pulled out my father’s watch and slid it on. It was way too big for her. She shrugged and looked from the tin to my hand. “You’re not wearing your mom’s ring, why?” I tilted my head a little.
     “How do you know it’s my mom’s ring?” I wondered. She shrugged. 
     “You and Jesse had been talking about it. I’m the one who took him when he was in shock to go get blood. I went to the room across the hall when I got Jesse back.” I nodded.
     “Right, well I can’t wear it.” Ciara studied me and she reached her hand out toward me. I held out my hand, not sure what she was doing and she dropped something into my hand. I looked down and saw my mom’s ring glimmering in the ceiling light.
     “Today you can.” She encouraged. I stared at it and for the first time in a long time, I slid it onto my finger. As I looked at it, I remembered why I loved it so much. The image of my mom smiling at me filled my mind and I remembered her telling me how she got the ring.
     “Mommy, where’d you get that ring?” She looked from me to her hand and then back to me. 
     “Daddy gave me this ring.” I smiled at her and then I looked back at the sparkly jewel on the golden band. 
     “When I grow up, I’m gonna marry someone just like Daddy.” Mom smiled and picked me up, setting me on her lap. 
     “When you grow up, I bet your husband will give you a ring like your dad gave to me. I’ll bet you it will be even better.” She said as she took the ring off and put it onto my finger. I was way too big  and it dangled, threatening to fall to the floor. I smiled at it and looked at Mom. 
     “I love you Mommy.” I said as I wrapped my arms around her, careful not to lose the ring. She squeezed me tight and kissed my head.
     “I love you too Selena, so much.”
     I shook my head, remembering that I was still with Ciara. I felt my eyes watering up and I tried to compose myself. Ciara smiled at me and stood up. She put the lid on my tin, my dad’s watch still on her wrist. She handed me the tin and looked from me to the watch. 
     “If it’s ok with you, may I borrow it for the day?” I stared at her, confused as to why she would want to wear it.
     “Um, I guess, I mean…” She shook her head. 
     “I won’t lose it I promise.” I nodded slowly and shrugged. 
     “It’s fine.” She smiled and stood up.
     “Good, now, let’s go, we have a huge day ahead of ourselves.” I stared at her confused. 
     “What are we doing exactly?” She shrugged. 
     “Well, Dean said no strippers for you or Alex so I’ll take it down a notch, and since you can’t drink or anything fun, we’re gonna go to the mall.” I sighed in relief, the mall I could handle, alcohol and strippers… gross. 
     “And what will we be doing at the mall?” I wondered. She shrugged. 
     “Shopping.” I nodded.
     “Very classy, however, can’t we just skip the whole bachelorette party and get to the wedding?” She half smiled and shook her head.
     “Believe me, there’s a point to this whole trip.” She reassured. 
     “And what might that be?”
     “Selena, I’ve been married for one hundred and seven years, if you don’t want to shop, the least I can do is give you advise.” I paused and nodded a second later. The advise I would take.
     Ciara and I walked into the living room and saw Dean and Alex talking on the couch. Alex looked at me, smiled and stood up, he walked to me and wrapped his arms around me. I hugged him back and he kissed my head.
     “Hey, we’re gonna get going.” He said, not sounding very enthusiastic. I frowned. 
     “Yeah, I think we’re gonna go too.” He nodded.
     “Alright, have fun, I’ll see you tonight.” I nodded as well and kissed him again. Dean stood up and looked at me.
     “Alright Selena, stick with Ciara and go do girl stuff.” I half smiled at him and then Ciara began to walk to the door.
     “Girl stuff.” I whispered under my breath.
     We headed downstairs and to her car. We got in and buckled up and she began to drive. After a few minutes of silence, she cast a quick look at me and then she looked back at the road. 
     “So,” she began, trying to make small talk, “how long have you known Alex?” She inquired. I paused and shook my head, looking over at her.
     “You’d judge if you knew.” I said honestly. She chuckled.
     “I highly doubt that sweetheart, how long have you known him?” I looked away from her and out the window. 
     “I’ve known him since April so about two months.” I peeked over at Ciara to see if she approved. She didn’t seem shocked. I sighed in relief and began to talk again. “And I know two months is crazy but…” She shook her head and smiled at me. 
     “I knew my husband for two weeks before we got married. The amount of time you spend with a person, it can affect how much you love them, it also shows how much you know about them.” I nodded and looked down. “However,” she began again, “you and Alex have been through a lot more than normal people so I think that if you love him and feel you know him, well, no one can argue with you because no one has been through what you two have been through, do you know what I mean?” I nodded and half smiled. We had casual small talk while she drove. We got to the mall thirty minutes later. She parked the car and we got out and began to walk around. She first took me into some expensive clothes store. She was more into it than I was, she picked out things for me to try on and I did so. When I had three pairs of shoes, a pair of flare jeans and a few blouses, we went to buy them. I looked at Ciara with a questioning gaze.
     “Hey, you know I don’t have money for this, right?” She nodded as we rounded a corner. 
     “Yes, I’m well aware.” I shook my head. 
     “Then why are we even doing this?” I asked. She looked at me and smiled.
     “Selena, my brother, years and years ago, Dedrick turned him. For years, he was Dedrick’s little puppet and he hated that, he’s an animal blood type of person, he says it has to do with the guilt of taking human life, so it was really hard for him to kill those people, granted, they didn’t really die, but to be under Dedrick’s command was like death. He hated it and you saved him, he never has to listen to Dedrick again.” 
     “Just Nichole.” I stated. Ciara nodded.
     “Yes, but she’s not unreasonable. She’s agreed to only make him turn five people, this is five less than he had been turning a year.” I shook my head.
     “But still it’s still the same as Dedrick.” Ciara nodded.
     “In a sense, though people are much more fond of her.” She shook her head and looked at me. “Anyway, back on topic. With Dedrick dead my brother is happier, so just consider this my and his thank you gift to you.” I half smiled and we continued to walk.
     We paid for the items and then we began to walk to a different place in the mall. I was quiet, lost in my thoughts when she looked at me. 
     “Are you ok?” She wondered. I nodded slowly. 
     “Yeah.” I mumbled. She sighed and looked in front of herself.
     “You know, if you need to talk to someone who’s impartial, I’m the person to talk to.” She offered. I smiled and nodded, giving in. 
     “I uh, I know this sounds weird but I’m kind of scared.” 
     “What, to get married?” She questioned. I shrugged.
     “Well, the getting married part excites me, I love Alex and I’m ready to be with him and get married.” She nodded.
     “Then what are you scared of dear?” I paused, took a deep breath in as if I was getting ready to answer her question and then I let it out at a loss for words.
     “I don’t know why I’m scared, honestly. I mean, why should I be scared, I love him and he loves me so getting married shouldn’t be scary.” She half smiled at me.
     “Honey, I know exactly how you feel.” I looked at her and frowned.
     “Can you tell me because I’m not one hundred percent sure how I feel at the moment.” She laughed and smiled reassuringly at me.
     “Selena, I’ve been around for a long time now and I’ve seen the world go from bad to worse and it keeps getting worse. When I was human, I lived in the world where we waited to have sex in marriage. Slowly though as the times changed, I saw it go from you have to be married to some people doing it out of marriage. It then went to more people and more people and more and here we are today. The world we live in treats sex like it doesn’t mean anything, like it’s just for you to have fun. However, I don’t believe that because I wasn’t raised believing that. I love my husband, he’s the only person I’ve ever been married to or ‘been’ with and I have to say,” her words grew very serious as she looked at me, “that’s the best choice I ever made, waiting for him. Now, I think you think you’re silly because you’re making such a big deal out of it when the world treats it like a game, am I correct?” I paused for a moment and thought about it. I then nodded.
     “Yes, I mean, I think it’s this huge thing but when I look around, no one else gets scared like this, do they? I mean it’s kinda stupid of me, I love Alex and he loves me so why am I nervous?” I was frustrated with myself. Ciara smiled at me and pat my back.
     “Honey, I think the people who treat sex like you and Alex do are the people who will experience the most joy with it. It’s… better when it’s with that one person you love and want to be with forever. The best I can tell you love is, don’t be afraid. There’s nothing to fear, you’re doing it right and you’re doing it because you love him, nothing else matters. You have nothing to be afraid of.” She cast a sincere glance at me and I smiled at her, feeling just a tad bit better but I knew I wouldn’t feel completely at ease until I talked to Alex about it.
     We walked until we came to a Victoria’s Secret store. As she entered it, I stood in the doorway.
     “What are you doing?” I asked. She shrugged. 
     “I’m going into the store and so are you.” I shook my head.
     “What are we buying in here?” I inquired. She shrugged. 
     “Clothes.” I shook my head. 
     “Ciara, I have plenty of clothes, I swear.” She nodded.
     “Be that as it may, but what about pajamas?” I stared at her and shook my head.
     “I have sweatpants and T-shirts at home, I’m good.” She glared at me a little. 
     “No, no, no! Selena, you know what I’m talking about, just come on.” She grabbed my hand and pulled me into the store. We walked around, she admired things here and there but she took me back to the real reason we were in this store, the lingerie section. Personally, I wished she would have forgotten about this because lingerie scared the crap out of me with it’s lacy, frilly-ness of evil. Ciara looked at me and smiled.
     “Ok, pick a few, we’re not leaving here until you have at least two pairs of some sort, got it?” I sighed and turned around. I looked at a rack and pulled off a random set, it was too scary though, see through, lacy… ew. I quickly put it back on the rack and shivered. Ciara looked at me and chuckled as she pulled one up and admired it. 
     “This really isn’t your thing, is it?” She asked. I shook my head.
     “No, I prefer not slutty stuff.” She smiled and picked up something. It was a light satin pink color, the bra wasn’t see through so that was an ok start. The bra was aligned with black lace and then hanging from the bra was a silky, see-through material that hung down like a dress, it would drape down a few inches bellow my hips. The underwear is what scared me, it was the same satin pink color with the same black lacy design around the rim, but it was a g-string. I looked from the… well it wasn’t clothes, I looked from the abomination to Ciara. She half smiled at me and I shook my head. 
     “Absolutely not.” I said seriously. Her grin faded and she glared at me. 
     “Oh come on, you don’t want to wear it now, but I assure you, in a little you’ll be thanking me for getting it for you.” I shook my head.
     “It’s never gonna get worn if you buy it for me.” I threatened. She chuckled.
     “Yeah because it’s doing so much better here.” She teased. “I’m getting this one for you, you can pick any other one you want ok.” I scowled at her and begrudgingly began to look again. I found one that wasn’t over the edge scary, it was a dress, a short one, obviously but it was actually pretty. It was white with little, black polka dots all over it. I liked it, it was simple and it didn’t look too overexposing. I picked it up and showed it to Ciara. She frowned, obviously not pleased with my choice but she took it anyway. We got some of the employees to help us and we got the right sizes and whatnot and then we bought the items and left. After we left Victoria’s Secret, we went to a hair salon. Ciara told the people what she wanted done with my hair, I had no say in the matter. She told them to cut my hair an inch and then to layer it and she also wanted highlights put in my hair, she had them do my whole head so it was a lot of highlights. My hair was a light brown color so she told them to put dark brown highlights in it. I just went with it, she’d spent a lot of money on me so arguing would be a little rude. The whole hair process took about two hours, but I enjoyed myself. Ciara talked to me the whole time about normal stuff, it was nice. She told me a little more about being married, the good things, the bad things, stuff like that. Around noon, we were done with my hair, she paid the people and we left. 
     Ciara then took me to a nail salon and we got our nails done. She reassured me that we were only doing my nails because she needed her’s done so I just rolled with it. After they had fixed up our nails and glued on fake ones, at least I thought it was glue, they were done with us. Ciara paid and then we left.
     Though I was having fun, I wanted to go home to Alex. I looked at the door that led out to the car and then I looked at Ciara.
     “When can we go?” I wondered. She looked at me and then she looked back in front of herself.
     “We just have two more things to do and then we’ll be on our way.” 
     “What else do we have to do?” I wondered. She shrugged. 
     “Well, we’re gonna get some lunch really quick.” I shook my head. 
     “I’m good, I’m not hungry.” I reassured. She shook her head.
     “If you don’t eat now, you’ll regret it later, trust me.” I sighed and we walked to the cafeteria, her chatting the whole way. Ciara ordered me food from Panda Express and I ate it, now realizing how hungry I was. I scarfed down my food and then we threw away the trash and left the cafeteria.
     As we walked, I looked at her, I had no clue what else we had to do. 
     “What else do we need to do Ciara, I have clothes, I had the Devil’s pajamas, I got my hair and nails done, I even ate. What else is there?” She smiled at me and she stopped walking. I looked up, we were in front of a Kay’s jewelry store. I looked at her as a thought occurred to me. “I didn’t get Alex a ring.” I said sadly. She nodded.
     “That’s why we’re here.” She reassured. I half smiled and we walked into the store. When we walked in, Ciara walked straight up to the front desk.
     “Yes,” she began, “my friend here would like to purchase a men’s wedding band.” The man at the desk nodded and looked back at me. 
     “What kind of band are you looking for? Is there a specific idea you had in mind or no?” I thought about it and shook my head.
     “No, I uh, I actually just want one to match my ring, color wise I mean.” The man nodded. 
     “And what kind of metal do you have?” I paused for a moment and slid off my engagement ring and handed it to the man. He examined it and nodded. He handed it back to me and he took us over to a different area of the store. He took us to a glass container where several rings with the same looking metal were. “So here are some selections, feel free to examine them. Take as much time as you need, I know this is a big decis…”
     “That one.” I said confidently as I pointed to the one I liked. Both the man and Ciara looked at the ring. 
     “That one?” Ciara pointed to the one to the left of the one I was pointing at. The man opened the container and pulled out the one she had pointed to. It was nice, but it was too plain, I didn’t like it. I shook my head.
     “No, no, no, the one to it’s right.” The man nodded and put the first ring back and grabbed out the one I liked. I felt a smile form on my face. The man smiled as well and handed it to me so I could see it better. I liked it, it was different. It was the same metal as mine, maybe a little darker, but that’s not why I liked it. On the band were little slashes, it looked like claw marks. They weren’t grouped up, the slashes, but they were spread across the ring. It reminded me of a wolf for some reason and Alex was kind of a wolf. It’s Selena logic, don’t ask questions. I loved it and really wanted it. I handed the man the ring. 
     “How much is it?” I asked, hoping it was cheap. 
     “One hundred and fifty dollars.” I paused and nodded. 
     “Ok, I’ll get the money for it.” He nodded. Ciara smiled.
     “We’ll take that on…” She began. I shook my head stopping her. 
     “No, I appreciate you, like a lot, but I want to get this for him. He gave me a ring, I want to get him one.” Ciara smiled and nodded.
     “I figured as well, where are you gonna get the money?” She asked this as if she already knew, though I had no idea where I’d get it. I stood there for a second, thinking over my options when Ciara slid my dad’s watch off of her wrist. I looked at her and then at the watch, it was dangling on her finger tip. I felt an ignorant little part in me saying, “No! Don’t you dare sell that watch.” But there was also a small part in me saying, “Why not?” I held my hand out under the watch and Ciara let it go. I caught it and looked at her.
     “You knew.” She half smiled.
     “Well, if you were anything like Dean had described you, I figured you’d want to do this on your own.” I smiled at her and looked back at the man.
     “Do you guys buy watches?” I hoped. The man shook his head.
     “I’m afraid not, but…” Ciara stared at him and shook her head. 
     “Today, you’ll buy a watch, just one. Now, if you would please, examine it and tell us it’s worth.” The man nodded and held out his hand. I with just a little bit of hesitance, gave him the watch. He smiled at us and left.
     We waited in silence for five minutes before the man came back with the watch. He handed it to me and took off his glasses. 
     “The watch, since it’s not new is valued at one hundred dollars.” I frowned and looked at Ciara, she looked as if she had been expecting the watch to be worth more. I sighed and bit my lip. I tapped my foot and looked down at my engagement ring. My eyes then slowly moved to my mother’s garnet ring. I felt a little piece of my heart break but it was a short lived pain because my brain yelled, “This is freaking genius!” I felt a small smile form on my face and then I slid off her ring. Ciara cast me a hesitant glance and I shook my head, reassuring her that I wanted to do this. I looked at the man who smiled at me. 
     “Are you selling the ring too?” He looked at Ciara and she nodded. The man looked back at me and held out his hand. I hesitantly moved my hand over his and I stood there for a second.
“Let go.” My mind told me. I nodded to myself and dropped the ring into his hand. He smiled at us and walked into the back room again.
     We stood there quietly until the man came back. Once again, he removed his glasses and handed me the ring.
     “The ring is worth seventy-five dollars, do you want to sell these items?” I stood there for a moment and then I nodded. 
     “Yes please.” I said surely. The man nodded and I handed him the watch and the ring, two of my most prized possessions, the only things I had left of my parents, I gave them to him and it felt good. I was giving things up for Alex and it felt amazing. 
     “Ok, so the ring is one hundred and fifty dollars and added up the watch and ring is one hundred, seventy-five dollars.” The man walked into the back room with my items and then he came back to me. I told him Alex’s ring size, he wore a size eleven. The man then got the same ring in the ring size and then he put it in a box for me. He gave me my change and we thanked him and left.
     As we walked out of Kay’s, Ciara looked at me, her eyes were full of curiosity. 
     “You do love him, don’t you?” She asked, awed that I would do that for him. I nodded and looked at the little bag in my hand. 
     “That uh, that ring and that watch were my parent’s. I never sold them in the orphanage, even when I need clothes or food or anything. I never sold them because they were the only piece of family I had left.” 
     “Then what influenced you to sell them, why now?” She wondered. I stopped walking and then I shrugged. 
     “I don’t know, I guess I don’t need pieces of family any more. Alex is gonna be my family so I don’t need to hold on to my old one.” That was the only reason I could think of, that and I really loved Alex, enough to sell those items. Ciara nodded at me, proud.
     “Alright love, now we can go, we’ve got a wedding to attend.”





Chapter 5
  
     Ciara and I walked out to the car and we put everything in the trunk. She looked at me.
     “The boys will be at the bureau at two. You and I are going to run home and pack up your stuff.” I stared at her.
     “Why?” She shrugged. 
     “Good question.” She said as she slid into the driver’s seat. I sighed and got into the car.
     As we drove, she talked about our plans at the bureau. She told me what we all had to do, I guess Dean had everything we need with him, the marriage license in particular. 
     When we got home, I put the ring box into my pocket and Ciara made me pack all of my stuff, Alex’s stuff was gone, I figured that he and Dean had already been here. I threw my new clothes, shoes, Devil’s pajamas and everything else we had gotten into my bag. The dirty clothes in the bag had been washed and all of my stuff was in my suitcase. I gathered up everything I needed in my carry on bag and then we took it all out to the car. I wondered if they were sending us to Carly and Dan in Arizona. That would be nice, yes, but not for our honeymoon. “Mom dad, we’re home, we just got hitched and we plan to honeymoon here!” I thought sarcastically. I shook my head at that thought and we headed down to the car. 
     We threw my stuff into the back and then we began to drive to the bureau. We got there a little after two, like two fifteen, it was only because I took forever to find all of my stuff. When Ciara parked the car, we got out and looked around. Alex and Dean were standing by the front door waiting. I smiled and ran to Alex. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him on the lips. He kissed me back and looked me over. A smile formed on his face as he grabbed a lock of my hair and ran it through his fingers. 
     “Highlights?” He asked. I nodded and looked at him expectantly.
     “Is it ok?” I hoped. He kissed me again and nodded. 
     “I like it.” He said sincerely. I smiled at him and watched as Ciara passed by us and gave Dean a high-five. 
     “How’d it go?” Dean questioned. She nodded and smiled at me.
     “It was quite productive actually. We had fun.” Dean looked at me, wondering if I had fun or if it was just her. I nodded. 
     “It was great, we got a lot done.” He smiled and nodded. 
     “Well good! Now, we have a schedule to stick to stick to so I suggest we hurry up seeing as to the fact that we’re already behind.” We all nodded and headed inside.
     Once inside, we followed Dean to a different area than yesterday. We took a number and we waited twenty minutes before our number appeared over a desk. We got up and went over to the desk. We talked to the man there and then we filled out some papers, along with Dean and Ciara. 
     When all of the papers were filled out and whatnot, we waited twenty more minutes before our names were called. We stood up and walked to the chapel where we were being called into. I felt my heartbeat growing faster and faster in excitement, I was sure Dean and Ciara could hear it beating. We walked into the room and were greeted by the Marriage Officiant. He talked to us for a few minutes and I looked around, distracted. The room was decent sized, it was large enough to have family members here. I quickly returned my attention to the conversation.
     When we knew what to do, the ceremony began. I knew I should have been paying attention to the Marriage Officiant, but I was lost in thought. “Selena Carter.” I kept repeating in my head. “Yep, that sounds pretty good to me.” I snapped out of my little day dream when the Marriage Officiant, he’d said his name, but I forgot it… ok, I snapped out of my daydream when ‘Bob’ mentioned the word ring. I looked at Bob confused. He half smiled. 
     “Did you guys have rings you wanted to exchange?” He wondered. Alex nodded. 
     “Yeah, I’ve got one for her.” Bob looked at me and I nodded and reached into my pocket. Alex looked confused. I handed Bob the ring box as Alex had done. Alex stared at me. “How?” He asked under his breath. I shook my head.
     “Later.” I whispered back. He frowned at me but then Bob began to speak, causing us to look back at him. Bob looked at Alex and told him to repeat after him. Alex did so after he took my hands. After his vows were said, he slid my ring onto my finger. Then I said my vows and slid Alex’s ring onto his finger. Now this next part, this was the part in movies where it gets all slow and dramatic. I’d always thought this moment to be a little cheesy but now that I was living it, it wasn’t. After I slid the ring onto Alex’s finger, Bob said those magical words, “You may kiss the bride,” and Alex and I didn’t hesitate. Alex looked at me and I looked back. He flashed me a happy smile and then he leaned into me. I leaned into him as well and we laid our lips on each other’s. This kiss, in so many ways was different than any of the other kisses we’d had in the past. It wasn’t the best kiss we’d ever had, though I was sure we could make it better if there weren’t three other people in the room staring at us, but it was the most meaningful. It was our first kiss as husband and wife and it was good. I let go of Alex’s hands and I wrapped my arms around his neck. He wrapped his arms around me and hugged me tightly as our lips detached themselves from each other. Dean and Ciara cheered probably too loud for our little group, but I admired their enthusiasm. 
     When Alex and I were married, Bob talked to us for a few more seconds and then he left the room to get our marriage certificate. Ciara walked up to me and gave me a quick hug. She kissed my cheek and winked at me. 
     “Well my work here is done.” She said happily. I smiled at her.
     “Thank you for everything today, I really appreciate it.” She smiled and nodded.
     “Thanks for putting up with me for the day, I never have this much fun with my job.” I chuckled and she pat my back. Dean looked at me as Ciara turned to Alex to talk to him. 
     “Thank you.” I said seriously to Dean. He nodded. 
     “It’s not over yet.” He reassured. I stared at him confused. 
     “What are you guys up to?” I interrogated. He shrugged.
     “Good question.” The same reply as Ciara. 
     “Dean wh…” Bob walked back in as Alex shook Ciara’s hand. Alex then came to me, I smiled at him and he kissed my head. Bob handed Alex our marriage certificate and smiled.
     “Well you guys are good to go, Dean here took care of the money so good luck.” We shook his hand and thanked him and then we left the chapel. 
     We left the bureau and headed out to the car. Ciara looked at Dean and he nodded. 
     “Your work here is done, good job.” 
     “Thanks, I’ll see you tomorrow.” Dean shook his head. 
     “Take the day off, spend some time with Alfred.” A huge smile formed on her face. I figured Alfred was her husband. “I’ll see you on Thursday.” He said. She shook his hand and looked at me. 
     “It was truly an honor meeting you Selena.” I blushed and looked down. 
     “Thank you for everything, especially for being impartial.” She smiled and gave me another quick hug. She walked to her car and grabbed out all of my luggage. She handed it to me and winked.
     “Just remember what I told you, you’re gonna be fine.” She reassured. I smiled and nodded. She waved at all of us and got into her car and drove off. Dean looked at me and Alex. 
     “Alright guys, toss Selena’s stuff in the trunk and let’s go.” Alex stared at him. 
     “Where are we going Dean?” He asked. Dean shook his head.
     “Good question, now let’s go.” He ignored us and got into his car. Alex looked at me and I shrugged. We threw my stuff in the back and then we got into the car. Dean immediately began to drive away. We drove for forty-five minutes before we got to where Dean wanted to be. I stared at him confused. We were at the LaGuardia Airport. Both Alex and I were silent, though we were extremely confused. 
     Dean drove around for ten minutes before we got to the parking lot. He parked the car and got out. Alex and I got out behind him and that’s when the extreme interrogation began.
     “Dean, what are we doing here man?” Alex asked. Dean looked at him and shrugged.
     “Good quest…” 
     “Don’t give us any of that good question crap.” I demanded. “Where are we going?” He sighed and looked at me.
     “Well, do you remember how you guys decided New York was no fun?” I nodded.
     “Yeah.” I replied.
     “Well, I decided to send you somewhere else and I’m afraid it’s nonrefundable.”
     “Right,” began Alex, “where might that be exactly?” He sounded a little nervous. Dean looked at him and shrugged. 
     “I’m sending you two to Florida and you’re gonna have a fantastic time!” He enthused. I looked at Dean, my mouth was hanging open a little bit. 
     “Dean,” I said as I shook my head, “we can’t pay for a trip to Florida, I mean…” He shook his head interrupting me.
     “Of course I know you can’t afford it.” Alex laughed.
     “Well then are you paying for it?” Dean laughed and shook his head.
     “Please, I wouldn’t pay for this trip no matter how bad I want you guys to go.” I sighed.
     “Then who is?” I asked, hoping he would tell me. He half smiled and looked away from me for a second. He then looked back at me. 
     “Like I told you a few days ago, I was gathering money for a cause.” Alex chuckled.
     “What, Selena and I are a cause?” He asked. Dean nodded.
     “Yes!” He looked from Alex to me. “Selena, it’s like I said, a lot of people are happy with you. I just mentioned your name and people were more than happy to help.” I stared at him and felt my face form into a large smile. I looked from Dean to Alex. He wore a smile as well. 
     “We’re going to Florida?” Alex asked under his breath. Dean nodded.
     “Yes, now you two hug it out, we have a schedule to keep, remember?” Alex’s smile widened and then he held out his arms. I jumped into his arms and gave him a big kiss. He spun me around and looked at me with an excited face. 
     “We’re going to Florida!” He repeated, this time as a statement. I smiled and nodded and kissed him again. Dean smiled sarcastically at us. 
     “Yes, you’re going to Florida so long as we keep to our schedule, so come on.” He urged. Alex and I smiled at each other and then we grabbed our luggage out of the car and followed Dean inside. 
     When in the building, we went and checked our luggage and did everything else and then we went to our terminal. Alex and I were both super excited and were talking the whole time, when at our terminal, that’s when we began to ask Dean more questions, we had twenty minutes until our flight started boarding. We both looked at Dean who acted as if nothing exciting was happening at all.
     “Where in Florida are we going?” Alex questioned. Dean looked at him and nodded.
     “Oh yes.” He reached into his back pocket and grabbed out a wallet. He opened the wallet and inside of it was an envelope. 
He handed the envelope to Alex and Alex looked at it.
     “What is it?” He questioned.
     “This is your guide for the week, in a sense. In this envelope is money and a brochure, the brochure thing has a list of activities you can do. You guys will fly out to Key West and take a cab to that address.” He pointed to writing on the front of the envelope. “When you get to that address, which is a hotel, you will check in, your rooms are already booked under Alex’s name. So check into your room, this is a three day trip, be creative. There’s plenty of things for you guys to do, the only things I planned for you are the hotel reservations, the rest you guys can choose. You’ll stay in Key West today, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday and on Saturday you’ll fly back here to New York. Since Jenn booked your room, when you get back, you’ll just go back to your hotel, I wrote that address down on the envelope for you, just in case. The money in that envelope is for food and the activities you would like to do, any money you have left over, keep. Your flight back to New York leaves from the same airport you’ll arrive at, I also wrote down that address, it will leave at ten on Saturday morning. Your flight tickets will be on your doorstep at seven on Saturday morning, please don’t lose them. Other than that, you guys are really gonna have a good time.” I stared at Dean and shook my head.
     “You went through all of this just to help us have a fun honeymoon?” I asked, touched. He smiled and nodded. 
     “This is the beginning of an adventure for you two. And, though the activities you do on the honeymoon aren’t what make it special, they are what make it memorable. Keep that in mind and have fun, you guys could use a brake from the life you’ve been living. Hopefully that venom won’t be too big of a problem.” We both shook our heads.
     “It’s not so bad today, it’ll be better tomorrow or the next day.” Alex reassured. Dean smiled and pat him on the back. 
     We looked away from Dean when they began to call people to board the plane. I looked back at him and gave him a hug.
     “Thank you.” I whispered. “You have no clue how much this means.” He smiled and kissed my cheek.
     “You two are gonna be fine, he loves you and I know you love him. That love you two have for each other is like a seed, in time, it’s gonna grow into this strong, beautiful tree that can’t be knocked down. Remember that when things get hard, ok.” I nodded and tried to hold back a small tear.
     “Thank you.” I said barely loud enough for me to hear. He smiled and pat my back. 
     “If you guys ever need anything, feel free to call.” I nodded and gave him another quick hug. When I let go of Dean, Alex looked at him and shook his hand.
     “Thank you again, we can’t thank you enough, real quick, what do we owe you for your…” Dean shook his head, stopping Alex.
     “My services were free this time.” He said sincerely. Alex half smiled and nodded.
     “Thank you, we owe you one.” Dean shook his head.
     “No, just take care of her and I’ll consider your debt paid, deal?” Alex looked at me, smiled and then nodded at Dean. “She’s a very special girl Alex and ‘our’ whole world knows it. You take care of her.” Alex nodded and wrapped an arm around me. We smiled at Dean and he pushed us forward. Alex had the carry on with him. I waved at Dean and then we walked up to the lady at the desk and she scanned our tickets and we then headed onto the plane.
     When on the plane, we waited for it to take off before we started to talk about stuff. Alex looked at the new ring on his finger, he then looked at me and tilted his head a little.
     “How did you get this ring?” He asked. I shrugged, avoiding his question. “You didn’t kill the people at the store, did you?” He teased. I giggled and shook my head. 
     “No, I promised not to kill anyone today.” I joked. He chuckled but then he grew serious again. 
     “Seriously, how’d you get it?” He asked again. “Did Dean pay for it?” I shook my head. 
     “No, I wanted to get it myself.” I said, happy that I did. He sighed and looked down at my hand. He stared at my engagement ring for a moment and something, somehow seemed to click in his brain.
     “Babe, tell me you didn’t sell your mom’s ring.” “Why is he so damn perceptive?” I thought. I looked at him with a serious gaze. 
     “It doesn’t really matter.” I said honestly. He shook his head. 
     “Hon, that was your mom’s ring, you really shouldn’t have done that.” I smiled at him and gave him a kiss.
     “I didn’t need it any more.” I said, all honesty in my voice. “I mean, I have your ring now and I wanted to get you something, plus, the ring reminded me of a wolf.” 
     “Because of the claw marks?” I felt a huge smile form on my face and I nodded.
     “Yeah, I thought it looked cool, I don’t think Ciara liked it, but it doesn’t really matter.” He nodded.
     “Thank you.” He said as he flashed a happy smile in my direction. I smiled and nodded. We sat there for a moment and then Alex grabbed a little piece of my hair and stared at it.
     “Your hair looks so different.” He said. I frowned, hoping he didn’t dislike it. 
     “Is it bad?” I wondered. He shook his head.
     “No, I really like it, it’s new.” I smiled at him.
     “Thank you.” I said as I blushed. I shook off the blush and began to speak again, “what did you and Dean do all day?” I questioned. He shrugged and leaned back in his chair.
     “Well having a last minute bachelor party that doesn’t involve strippers and alcohol is kind of hard to plan so we did what anyone would do.” I stared at him.
     “What did you do?” I questioned.
     “We watched Twilight and ate cookie dough.” He joked. I laughed, causing several people to look back at me. 
     “Seriously, what did you do?” I asked as I continued to giggle. He smiled and nodded.
     “We watched TV and talked a little. I ate some chips and drank some soda and he watched me eat the chips and drink the soda and he gave me advise and stuff, it was good.” I smiled. “The real question is what did you do?” He interrogated in a playful manner. I half smiled and shrugged. 
     “Well, we first went shopping and bought some shoes and clothes that the Lord knows I don’t need. Then we talked and then we bought stuff,” I said ‘stuff’ way too overdramatically, “and then we got my hair and nails done. After that, we ate and then we went to Kay’s and got the ring. After that we went back to the hotel and got my stuff and then we met up with you guys.” Alex smiled. 
     “Oh to be a woman, you have so much more innocent things you can do at a bachelorette party than a man can do at a bachelor’s party.” I smiled and took his hand. 
     “Thank you for being good.” He nodded and gave me a kiss.
     “I find being good easier than it should be.” I half smiled and we continued to talk.
     The flight was only three hours long, a time that flew by as we talked about things we wanted to do and things we wanted to see. We thought this Florida trip to be a much better idea than staying in New York and it felt like a dream come true. When flying over Key West, Alex and I looked out of the window. The sun had set so it was dark, but the lights were incredible. It was beautiful looking down at the lit up city and the ocean, it was a lot to take in.
     Our plane landed at eight. We got off the plane, got all of our luggage and then we took a cab to our hotel, the hotel Dean had us staying was called The Westin Key West Resort and Marina. It was a really beautiful hotel, it was right by the ocean so the view was incredible! It was a sweet hotel but I was sure it was way out of our league, it looked expensive. When at the hotel, we paid the cabby and got our luggage and then we went into the hotel. We checked in and then we searched for our room. We found it minutes later and we entered. When inside, we put our stuff down by the door and we closed and locked it. I looked around, admiring the quaint room. The room, it wasn’t small, but it wasn’t huge like the one in New York, it was perfect size. On the other side of the room, opposite the front door, was a sliding glass door. I walked over to it and slid it open, I immediately felt the sea breeze flow into the room blowing my hair around a little. I smiled and walked out onto the balcony. I put my hands on the gate that was there to make sure people wouldn’t fall off and I looked around. Our room faced towards a pool, the building complex itself was almost shaped like a U but the U was more squared. Now, by the top of the U, the open part, that looked out at the sea. In the middle of the buildings, in the U, was a rectangular pool surrounded by palm trees and lights. So on the banister, I was looking down at the pool, but if I looked to my right, I could see the ocean, it was amazing.
     As I looked around, I felt Alex come up behind me and wrap his arms around me. I turned around and hugged him. I laid my head on his chest and he rested his head on mine.
     “I love you.” I said happily. He smiled and kissed my forehead. 
     “I love you too, so much.” We stood there for several minutes before we decided to go back inside. When inside, we shut the glass door and I pulled the curtains closed. Ever since Aaron called me that one time, I was paranoid about people seeing me. I walked over to my suitcase and I grabbed the carry on bag and took it to the dresser. I set the bag on the dresser and then I went and grabbed my suitcase. I looked at Alex.
     “I’m gonna go to the bathroom really quick.” He nodded.
     “Ok.” He muttered. I took my suitcase into the restroom and I closed and locked the door. I took a deep breath in and I felt my stomach flip. I was really nervous and even though I wanted not to be, I was. 
     I quickly dug through my suitcase and grabbed the Victoria’s Secret bag. I dumped out the lingerie on my lap and I stared at the two pieces of clothing. I looked at the frilly one Ciara had picked out and I shook my head. I thought if I looked at it again, my opinion on it would change, but it didn’t. I stuck the clothes into the suitcase and then I looked at the cute polka dot slip. I liked this one so much better. I sighed and undressed. I slid on the dress, it looked odd, not the dress, but my pink underwear didn’t really match the white and black slip. I shrugged, not caring enough to dig through my bag to find black underwear. I threw my clothes into my case and then I looked in the mirror. The dress was shorter than I had pictured it in my head, but it was better than a lot of the other one’s I had seen. As I looked myself over in the mirror, I sighed and began to brush through my hair with my fingers. It was still pretty good because I had gotten it done earlier. I thought for a minute about whether I should brush my teeth or not, I had brushed them when Ciara and I went back to the hotel to get my stuff. I then thought of several other things I could do but I shortly realized I was just making excuses. 
     I opened the door and peeked my head out, Alex was laying on the bed, staring at the ceiling. I smiled to myself and began to walk out of the bathroom, trying to make as little noise as possible. However, my brilliant sneak over to the bed and throw the blankets over myself plan didn’t work because I tripped over Alex’s suitcase. I caught myself so I didn’t fall, but Alex quickly looked over at me and I blushed. He sat up a little. 
     “Are you ok?” He asked, hoping I was fine. I nodded and stood up straight.
     “Yeah, that was just me being graceful again.” I joked. He smiled and looked me over, I felt awkward just standing here with him staring at me, but I also liked it. Finally, a few seconds later, I looked down at myself and then back up at him. 
     “I uh, Ciara insisted that I buy two pair of the Devil’s pajamas so I picked one, she picked another scary one, but I though this one was… safe I guess.” Alex chuckled.
     “It looks good.” He looked away from me, probably not wanting to seem rude for staring. “Sorry.” He murmured. I tilted my head a little as I stared at him.
     “Why?” I questioned. He shook his head as his eyes returned to me. 
     “You told me you don’t like to gawk, but I do.” He sounded pretty serious. I smiled and walked over to the bed. That nervous stomach feeling grew heavy and I almost felt nauseous. We sat there for a minute and I let out a deep breath. Alex obviously sensed my concern. 
     “What’s wrong?” He asked. I looked at him with serious eyes. 
     “Would you laugh if I told you I was nervous?” I wondered. He stared at me and then his face lit up with understanding.
     “Why would I laugh at you?” He asked curiously. I sighed and shook my head. 
     “I don’t know why I’m nervous Alex, before, back in California that night we almost… well, I wasn’t scared then, but now, that we can be together, I’m scared.” I shook my head, frustrated with myself. Alex stared at me and put his hand under my chin. He lifted up my head and smiled at me.
     “You know you don’t have to be scared right?” I looked at him and nodded unconvincingly. He shook his head and wrapped his arms around me. “Don’t be afraid, I love you.” He whispered. A moment later, I looked up at him and I laid my lips on his. Immediately I felt that nervous sensation in the pit of my stomach disappear and it turned into the butterflies. I moved my hands up Alex’s back and into his hair and he laid back on the bed, laying me on top of him. As we kissed, it started something, something new and alien to me, but it was a good thing. From the moment I laid my lips on his I felt secure, happy, loving, loved and excited. So with that simple kiss, it grew, and it turned into something good.
     Alex and I laid happily on the bed, it was eleven. I had my arm around his bare chest and his arm was around me, holding me close to him. I looked up at him and he looked down at me. He gave me a kiss and then he stared at me. 
     “You still scared?” He wondered. I shook my head.
     “No.” A big smile formed on his face as he laid his lips on mine again.
     “Was it everything you expected?” He was in a joking slash cocky mood, I assumed I knew what had brought on the mood. I giggled and ran my fingers through his hair.
     “It was perfect.” I whispered. A bigger smile formed on his face.
     The time passed by and the night kept on getting better and better until two in the morning, that’s when Alex and I both decided we were too tired to stay awake. We talked for maybe twenty more minutes before I fell asleep happy and unafraid.
     I woke up at nine the next morning with my arm around Alex, he was warm. I blinked my eyes a few times and then I remembered where we were. I sat up a little, this made the blanket slide down my chest. I caught it really quick and yanked it up. I suppose it didn’t matter if the blanket would have fallen all the way down, Alex and I were the only ones in here, but old habits of modesty die hard.
     As I sat there I remembered the events of last night. “Why was I so scared?” I asked myself. It wasn’t scary, it was amazing, in fact, it was probably the best thing I’d ever done to be honest. After I regained my focus, I moved my arms around, I wasn’t very sore today, still a little but not too bad. I looked at the ground where my slip was and then I lazily leaned back onto the bed. I looked at Alex who was extremely peaceful in his sleep. I smiled at him and I kissed his face. He took a deep breath in and wrapped his arms around me, pulling me closer to him. 
     “Alex,” I muttered, “you should get up.” He opened his eyes and looked at me like I was crazy.
     “And miss out on this sleeping action, no way.” He then shut his eyes again.
     “But we’re in Florida, we need to go do stuff or Dean’s money and effort will be in vain.” I argued. Alex peeked open his left eye and looked at me. 
     “We are doing stuff though.” 
     “Yeah, sleeping.” He shrugged.
     “Sleeping is a fine art that only truly patient people can master.” He murmured as his eye closed again. I giggled and shook my head. 
     “You can sleep anywhere in the world hon, however, we can only explore Florida in Florida.” He looked at me and opened both of his eyes. He laid his lips on mine and then he rolled on top of me. He removed his lips from mine.
     “So,” he began, “you want to get up and go explore Florida.” He gave me a very tempting look. I nodded, quite distracted by him.
     “Uh… yes?” It was more of a question than a reply. Alex kissed me again and slowly moved his lips down my face and to my neck. He kissed me on the neck, sending a shiver up my spine. I forgot all about my exciting plans and I laid my lips on his and one thing led to another.
     It was now ten, twenty-three and both Alex and I were fully awake now. I looked at Alex who was laying by my side, happy as a clam. 
     “Ok, we need to go do Florida stuff.” I demanded. He chuckled and kissed me again. 
     “Alright, you win.” He said as he sat up.
     I would have put on the slip but I was just going to hop into the shower so I just ran over to the bathroom. When in there, I started the shower, got in and then I washed off. After fifteen minutes, I got out and dried off. I then got dressed, it was warm outside so I threw on a T-shirt and shorts. I then did my hair as Alex hoped into the shower. I brushed my teeth and had a devious plan. I put down my toothbrush and rinsed out my mouth and then I grabbed Alex’s clothes off of the bathroom counter. I then took them to the bedroom and threw them on the bed. I chuckled to myself.
     I waited ten minutes before the water in the shower stopped running and then a few seconds later it began.
     “Hey.” Alex whined from the bathroom. I giggled under my breath.
     “What’s wrong?” I asked coyly. He came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around himself. He scowled at me. 
     “You took my clothes.” He accused. I nodded. “Now I’m left without clothes.” I nodded again.
     “And I’m fine with that.” I teased. He half smiled and walked toward me. He reached behind me for the clothes. He grabbed them and smirked at me. He then walked to the bathroom. I waited a few more minutes before he groaned again. He walked back out of the bathroom with his pants on.
     “Where’s my shirt?” He asked casually. I shrugged. He nodded. “Alright.” He walked up to me and picked me up. I laughed as he threw me over his shoulder. “Little missy, if you don’t give me back my shirt, I’m gonna have to do what I done in New Mexico, and I don’t like what I done in New Mexico.” He threatened playfully. I giggled. 
     “Well, it all depends, what did you do in New Mexico?” He shrugged. 
     “I had to buy a new shirt.” I laughed and he set me down. He gave me a quick kiss and then he reached behind me under the blanket. “Thank you.” He muttered as he slid it on.
     When we were ready to go, Alex slid the envelope and room key into his pocket and we left the room. We went to get breakfast at the hotel diner or whatever it was. After we ate, we did sightseeing around Key West. It really was a gorgeous city, it was fun. We walked around and visited shops and stuff until about noon, around then we got bored with it. That’s when we began to look at activities we could do. Alex and I had just gotten lunch and were sitting at the small restaurant talking.
     “We could go sailing.” Alex suggested as he scanned over the paper. I nodded. 
     “Yeah, that sounds fun.” I admitted. He sighed a moment later.
     “We missed sailing by an hour.” I frowned. 
     “Oh, well that’s ok, what else is there?” He continued to scan the paper until his eyes lit up a bit.
     “Hey, there’s snorkeling.” He suggested. I thought about it for a second.
     “Yeah, that sounds interesting.” He chuckled. 
     “I’d like to see you wrestle a shark.” He teased. I smirked at him.
     “You little sociopath, you like watching sharks die.” He nodded. 
     “Nice.” He said in a sarcastic manner. “Alright,” he said as he stood up, “It starts in an hour and a half so we should go.” I nodded and we stood up.
     We went back to the hotel and dropped off some stuff we had bought at stores. We got useless stuff but we planned to save it until we had somewhere to put it. We had gotten our picture taken and framed in a cute frame. We got that and we bought a disposable camera, I wanted pictures. We also got a wind chime that we probably didn’t need. While at the hotel, we put on bathing suites under our clothes.
     After we dropped off the stuff and changed, we left the hotel and headed to the place we needed to go to. We were snorkeling the inshore waters of Key West, we would only head out about half a mile until we arrived. When we got there, we paid and then we got on the boat. The person told us what to do while we sailed out to where we needed to go.
     When we got there, we all put on our snorkels and Alex and I folded up our clothes and put them in their place. When the instructor told us what to do, we got in the water. There were other people here but we didn’t really talk to them, call us socially awkward.
     When we got into the water and I could see all of marine life, it was amazing! I loved fish so to be able to swim with them and see what they do on their own was really fun. Sadly, we didn’t see any sharks so no epic throw down. It was fun, I kept my distance, trying not to scare the fish, but Alex wanted to touch the bigger fish, they weren’t too fond of this idea. Alex was respectful of the lobsters, something told me he had watched one too many cartoons as a child where the person gets pinched by the lobster and is severely injured. We had a lot of fun, I could do this for days and not get tired of watching everything. The beautiful coral and anemones combined with the colorful fish, it was like a picture from Finding Nemo. All in all, Alex and I had a blast. Though we couldn’t really talk to each other, it was fun to try to communicate without words, if the fish had a longer memory than a minute, and they actually cared enough to look at us, they’d probably think, “These humans just keep getting weirder and weirder.”
     When it was time to return home, Alex and I returned to the boat. We grabbed towels and wrapped them around ourselves to dry off. As we sailed back to Key West, Alex and I talked. We laughed as we spoke of him touching a fish, when he touched it, it freaked out and swam away really fast, bumping into another fish. It was humorous.
     When back at Key West, we slid our clothes back on and got out of the boat. We then headed back to the hotel. When there we ate some dinner and we headed up to our room. When we got to our suite, we walked inside and closed the door behind us. After eating dinner, I realized how tired I was. We both stood there sluggishly. I yawned and walked over to the bed. I fell down on it and I closed my eyes. Originally, sleeping wasn’t my intent, not until later on but I was so tired and a little sore from the left over venom that sleeping became priority number one. I listened to Alex as he yawned as well. He did a few things and then he came up to the bed. I heard him chuckle and then I felt him sliding off my tennis shoes. I felt the bed move as he laid down by me. He gave me a gentle kiss on the cheek and he put the blankets over me. He threw the blankets over himself as well and wrapped his arm around me and kissed the back of my head and we fell asleep.
     The next morning, I woke up at seven. Alex was laying next to me with his arm around me. I smiled at him and looked around the dark room. I blinked a few times and then I sat up. His arm fell to his side and he grabbed the blankets and yanked them up closer to him. I shook my head and rubbed his back. I stood up and looked at myself, I was a mess from yesterday so I walked to the bathroom and stripped. I turned on the water and I got into the shower. I bathed for ten minutes, just washing my hair and cleaning my body and then I shut the water off and got out. I grabbed a towel and dried off. I then grabbed some clothes out of my suitcase and got dressed. 
     By the time I was done, Alex was still sleeping. I smiled at him and I felt my stomach growl. I looked over at the door and then I left the room. I ran downstairs and to the diner, we had free breakfasts here. I grabbed a paper bag and then I grabbed a few pieces of fruit and a bunch of pastries and two bottles of orange juice. I closed up the bag and headed back to my room. I walked happily down the hall and I stopped at our door. I reached my hand out to grab the knob but someone appeared in the corner of my eye. I looked to my right and almost jumped, it was Kent.























Chapter 6

     
     Kent stood three feet in front of me. I stared at him and blinked a few times, thinking he would disappear, but, he didn’t. I felt a huge smile form on my face. I want to see if it was really him so I reached out to touch him but he took a step back.
     “Whoa, whoa, whoa, I wouldn’t do that.” He cautioned. I stared at him. 
     “Why not?” I inquired as I pulled my hand back to my side. 
     “Because if you touch me I’ll probably go away.” I stared at him and shook my head.
     “You’re not real, you’re dead.” I said surely. He nodded.
     “Yeah, I know and death really sucks. But, back on topic, no, I’m not really here, the venom’s just…” 
     “Messing with my mind, I know, Dean told me.” He nodded.
     “It’s messing with your memories to be more exact, but yes.” I shook my head.
     “How are you talking, none of the other hallucinations have talked.” He shrugged. “Plus, the venom should be out of my system by now, why am I still seeing things?” I wondered. 
     “I don’t know, who do I look like Mr. Venom Doctor?” He asked sarcastically. I half smiled, but it faded.
     “I’m so sorry.” I croaked. He wore a curious expression.
     “Why?” I shook my head. 
     “I’m the reason you’re dead.” I said as I felt a wave of guilt fall upon me. Kent chuckled and shook his head. 
     “This isn’t your fault Bunny, it’s Aaron’s fault.” I looked down but quickly looked back up because I didn’t want him to disappear. “So,” he began again, “a little bird told me that you killed Dedrick.” I sighed.
     “Even in the afterlife people know. Wait, you’re not a ghost right?” I asked, sounding more childish than I had intended. He laughed. 
     “Yeah Selena, I’m a ghost, like boo or something.” He joked. I smiled. 
     “Right, stupid question, sorry.” He shook his head.
     “I’m glad for you and Alex.” He said sincerely. I smiled and nodded.
     “Thank you.” I looked at him intently. “He misses you, Alex I mean.” Kent nodded.
     “I’d miss me too.” I chuckled and sighed. I looked away for a small second but I quickly looked back, however, he was gone. I looked around the hall for a second and then I gave up. I sighed and entered the room. When in the room, Alex was no longer asleep, I heard water running so he was taking a shower as well. 
     While I waited for him, I ate my breakfast and drank my juice and I left the rest of the food on the table for him. When he got out of the shower, he got dressed and then he came into the bedroom. Alex looked at me and smiled. I returned the smile and I looked at his food.
     “I got you some breakfast.” I said, very proud of myself. I looked back at him, he wore the same affectionate smile.
     “Thanks.” He said as he sat down. Alex began to unwrap the paper bag and dig through it. As he did so, I began to think of Kent. Alex must have seen the frustration in me so he took the liberty of being the good husband and asking what was wrong.
     “Are you ok?” He wondered. “You’re kinda quiet this morning.” I bit my lip and looked at him.
     “Alex, ever since Jesse bit me, I’ve been seeing hallucinations. Now, Dean told me it was just the venom and that it would stop as soon as the venom left my blood stream. It’s been six days, shouldn’t it be gone?” I seriously thought I was crazy, but that seemed like a worse case scenario. Alex chuckled under his breath and shook his head.
     “You’re not mental, don’t worry, it can take anywhere from three days to a week to leave your system. It depends on how much you rest and we’ve been really active so it’s gonna take longer.” I sighed in relief. Alex took a few bites of a pie thing and then he decided to continue on our little subject. “What kind of things are you seeing? Is it small things like spiders or more vivid things?” I shook my head and stared at him.
     “They’re so real Alex, first, I saw Jesse and I saw Jenn and Kent and Lap…” I stopped myself from finishing that sentence. He stared at me.
     “Who?”
     “I saw Lapis.”
     “The fairy?” I laughed. 
     “He’s not a fairy.” I insisted. Alex nodded. 
     “Oh right, my bad. The uh, the elf thing.” I nodded.
     “Better.” He half smiled and shook his head.
     “So you saw Lapis?” I nodded. 
     We talked for a few more minutes before we dropped the whole hallucination thing. 
     “So, what do you want to do today?” Alex wondered. I shrugged. 
     “One second.” I said as I stood up and looked around for the brochure thing. I found it a second later on the counter in the bathroom. I grabbed it and went back to Alex. I sat down and began to read over the plans for the day. We really didn’t have anything so, like Dean said, we were gonna have to be creative. However, there was a change in the hotel arrangements. I stared at it and tilted my head a little.
     “What?” Alex questioned. I shrugged and showed him the itinerary. He took it and read over what I had just read.
     “Hmm,” he muttered a second later, “it says we’re leaving this hotel tonight and heading to the Westin Key West Sunset Key Guest Cottages. That is a mouthful.” He said as he took a deep breath in. I smiled and tilted my head a little. 
     “Where is that?” I questioned. He shrugged and continued to read. Finally, he shook his head and set down the itinerary. 
     “I have no clue, we can go ask the concierge when we go downstairs.” He offered. I nodded and he continued to eat his food.
     When he was done, we threw away the trash and then we headed downstairs. We talked to the concierge a little bit about the cottages. I guess they were on a small island five to ten minutes away from here. We had reservations to get there at any time today. Filled with curiosity, Alex and I went and packed up everything and then we checked out of this hotel. We then went to the small boat that was to take us to the island.
     When we got to Sunset Key, we got off the boat and we went and checked in. When we got the key to our cottage, we headed there. The cottage itself was beautiful, it was super white and open. In the house was one bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchen area, a living room, etc. When you looked at the front of the house where the front door was, it was cute, there was a beautiful patio that was painted white and there was a bench swing and a bunch of plants. It was amazing. 
     Alex and I happily entered the cottage and went straight to the bedroom. We put our luggage down and then we sat on the bed. Once again, we looked through the itinerary and found nothing but a tour of Old Town. We had given ourselves the grand tour yesterday so we would pass. I sighed and set the paper on the side table. I laid back down and wrapped my arm around Alex.
     “What should we do?” I wondered. He half smiled at me and I returned the smile. Last night’s plans had been cancelled due to fatigue but today I wasn’t tired at all. “I suppose we could my plans to now, just for the fun of it.” I thought, and we did.
     Around noon, Alex and I managed to gain some self control and we got dressed and laid back on the bed. I was thinking of how much time we had spent in bed and it made me feel guilty like I was just some horny teenager but as fun as snorkeling and sightseeing was, none of it compared to how fun the sex was. I remember having had a talk with Carly one time and for some reason the sex topic had been brought up. We were talking about honeymoons and she had told me that no matter where you were or what the fun things were that you could do, you would always spend a good amount of time in the bedroom. I thought she was just crazy when she told me that but now I felt bad for thinking that because she was right. 
     As I laid there in Alex’s arms, I looked at him and he looked at me.
     “What do you want to do my love?” He asked as he stroked my hair. I shrugged and we both looked out of the window who’s curtains had just been reopened. As we looked out at the ocean and the pools, a smile slowly began to form on Alex’s face. “How long has it been since you’ve been swimming in a pool, I have to make that clarification.” I giggled and shook my head. 
     “It’s been a while.” I admitted. He nodded and sat up a little, making me sit up with him. 
     “Do you wanna go swimming, the pool out there is huge.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Why not.” I said, good to do anything so long as I was with him, anything but explore Old Town.
     Alex grabbed the swim trunks he had from yesterday and I looked for a bathing suit. I was sure Jenn had given me two. Jenn had given me a little bit of everything, I was sure if I needed a parka I could reach into the bag and pull one out. A minute later I found a different bathing suit than yesterday. Yesterday, I wore a hot pink one piece that was frilly and abnormal. Today however, I found one, I had admired at Jenn’s house. I picked it up and headed to the bathroom. I closed the door and stripped, I then slid on the bathing suit. It was a two piece set, the top was pretty, it was white and it had straps, holding the two cups together in the front was a golden ring, it was tied in the back. It was a really pretty top. The bottom was weird it was this bikini thing the was held together on the sides with the same looking gold rings. All in all, it was a pretty set, but I felt all exposed. I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around my self and I headed out into the bedroom.
     When I left the bathroom, I saw Alex laying on the bed stairing out the window. He had change into his trunks, they were just a plain black, but they still looked nice. I stared at Alex’s perfect chest until he sat up and looked at me, I then shifted my gaze to his face. He stared at me confused.
     “Are you ok?” He asked, examining the towel. I nodded and sighed.
     “The bathing suit yesterday was a one piece but this one’s a two piece. I feel like I’m walking around in my undergarments.” Alex chuckled.
     “You say that like it’s a terrible thing.” He teased. I smirked at him, assuredly, if I had had anything in my hands, I would have thrown it at him. “Are you gonna show me?” He asked a second later. I sighed and opened up the towel, removing my towel shield. His attention went from my face to my body. He stared at me for a few seconds until I shut the towel all the way. His eyes moved back to my face, his expression was unreadable.
     “I feel like a stripper.” I grumbled. He half smiled and stood up. He walked over to me and wrapped his arms around me. He kissed my head.
     “Well you look like my wife who’s gonna have fun in the pool with me.” He reassured. I smiled as he said the word ‘wife.’ 
     Alex and I grabbed our towels and we went outside, I consistently wore my towel shield, especially now that we were in public. Alex thought I was funny. 
     When we got to the pool, Alex looked at me with a half serious, half joking smile on his face. 
     “Ok, babe, you need to take off the towel.” I shook my head.
     “Nope.” I insisted. He sighed and jumped into the pool. I stood there for a minute and watched him swim. Finally, he looked up at me with tempting eyes.
     “Come on, just jump in.” He urged.
     “Yeah, I’m more of a get into the water slow type of person.” 
     “Yeah well I’m a splash the people who take to long kind of guy, just thought you should know.” I laughed at him.
     “You can’t splash me, I’m too fast.” I boasted. He smirked at me. I stood there for a moment and finally sighed, putting my towel over by his. I then grabbed a bottle of sunscrean that was there for guests and began to put it on myself. Alex climbed out of the pool and put it on my back for me, he didn’t want any because he was already wet so we just left it at that. When I had no more excuses to stay out of the water, Alex looked at me. 
     “Alright, are you gonna actually get in now?” He taunted. I scowled at him and nodded.
     “Yeah, yeah I am.” He smiled happily and scooped me up into his arms. I giggled in delight. “What are you doing?” I asked. He shook his head.
     “I don’t believe you’re actually gonna get in the pool so I’m helping you.” He smiled and put his lips by my ear. “Hold your breath.” He whispered. I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath. I felt his lips lay on mine for half a second and then we were in the cool water.
     The day in the pool was fun! He was right, he did like to splash people, me in particular. We splashed each other and chased each other around, he proved that he was the better swimmer, I could swim but I was slow. Alex on the other hand, he was lifeguard status, clearly he had swam a lot in the past. We had a ton of fun, the only time we got out was when we got hungry. We climbed out of the pool and Alex wrapped the towel around me and gave me a kiss. I kissed him back and then we headed back to the cottage.
     When at the house, we went in and I slid on a cover-up and Alex put on a shirt. Alex hung up his wet towel but I threw mine by the bed. We then went to the hotel restaurant here on the island. We ate some lunch and then we talked about typically normal stuff like family and pets. Around two thirty we decided that we wanted to go to the beach, so we did.
     When we arrived at the beach, it was full of people both relaxing and playing in the crystal clear water. We played in the water some more and around three thirty we got out and went to relax on some of the beach chairs. We then talked for what felt like hours, I told him how Carly and Dan wanted me to be their baby’s godmother. I then talked to him about my grandmother, I really wanted to go see her again and I now thought it would be good to see her before we went back to the pack, once we went back to them, I didn’t want to leave them again, not for a while at least. We talked for a while longer until we noticed people leaving. We decided it was time to go so we got up and headed back to the cottage, it was five. 
     When back at the house, we went inside and headed back to our room. I looked at Alex. 
     “I’m gonna go get all of the sand off of myself.” I said, indicating I was gonna take a quick shower. Alex nodded.
     “Alright, after you’re done, do you wanna take the boat back to Key West and explore as you like to so finely put it.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Sure.” He nodded and kissed my head. Alex left the bedroom for a second and then I grabbed some clothes out of my bag. I then took them to the bathroom and I stripped. I turned on the water and hopped into the shower. I didn’t take long, just five minutes, I was just rinsing the sand and chlorine and salt water off of myself. I then put some shampoo in my hair and scrubbed. When I was decent, I got out, dried off and got dressed. Alex was in the bedroom waiting for me. He stood up, gave me a quick hug and then we left the cottage.
     We went down to the docks and we took the boat back to Key West. We walked around for maybe thirty minutes until we found a nice little Mexican restaurant. We ate there and then we walked around some more. Exploring Key West at sunset was even more captivating then exploring it midday, the lights were amazing and the sunsets here were awesome.
     Around seven-thirty, we left Key West and headed back to the house. When we got to the cottage, we tiredly went inside and to our room. I sluggishly sat down on the bed. Alex looked from me to the bathroom. 
     “Alright, I’ll be out in a second, I need to shower.” I nodded at him and he disappeared into the bathroom. While he was in there, an evil idea came to my mind, no, I wasn’t gonna steal his shirt this time. Instead, I got up and walked over to my suitcase and I began to dig through it. When I found that weird, evil dress Ciara had bought me, I thought it to look a little less evil, in fact, I kind of hoped I had gotten another one of the corset and garter ones Ciara had insisted on buying for me. I smiled to myself though, pleased with what I had and I stripped and put it on. I looked myself over in the mirror, it was actually really pretty. I smiled, pleased with the lingerie and I twirled around a little, I was having way too much fun in this thing. As I spun around, I listened for Alex’s water to stop. When it did, I quickly stopped twirling and I stood there awkwardly, not knowing what to do. A minute later, Alex exited the bathroom in his sweat pants and he was shirtless. For guys, lingerie is simply going shirtless. I stared at him for a second and then I shook it off, trying to regain my previous thoughts. He looked at me and a smile formed on his face and his eyes widened. 
     “Wow.” He muttered. I felt an evil smile form on my face as I innocently held my hands behind my back. “I take it that’s the uh, the one Ciara picked out?” He was having a hard time concentrating, his eyes tried to stay on my face, but they kept going back down to my body. I half smiled, I knew I shouldn’t have, but I loved it when he admired me, stupid, right? In a taunting fashion, I casually walked away, he stared at me, confused. I grabbed the itinerary and I laid down on the bed. Alex chuckled under his breath and came and laid by me.
     “What are you doing?” He wondered aloud. I shrugged. 
     “I’m trying to figure out what we can do tomorrow.” I admitted. He half smiled and I began to read the list out loud. “There’s sailing and more snorkeling and…” Alex flashed a look at me, though I didn’t know what this look meant.
     “You’re really gonna plan what to do tomorrow, tonight?” He asked. I nodded.
     “I like to know what I’m doing before I do it.” He chuckled and put his left hand on my right side so that he was leaning over me. He slowly leaned into me and laid his lips on mine. As we kissed he took the itinerary from me and threw it onto the bedside table. He then moved his hand from my side to my waist so that he was now laying on me rather than leaning over me. As he kissed me I felt that steroid butterfly enter my system. I think we knew very well our plans for tonight.
     I woke in the morning to the sound of seagulls outside the window and the sound of palm trees swaying in the ocean breeze. I looked around, Alex was still sleeping next to me where I’d left him. Why I always woke up before him was a mystery to me. I looked around the room for a clock, yawning as I did so. It was ten, I was surprised that we slept in that la… well, ok, no, I wasn’t surprised at all. I tiredly stretched and looked around. My clothes were on the other side of the room, how they got there, I’m not quite sure. I looked down at the floor by me. My towel from yesterday was there. I smiled to myself, I knew one day my laziness would benefit me. I grabbed the towel and stood up and wrapped it around myself. I then walked over to the mirror by the dresser, my hair was disastrous. I felt a shiver of terror run up my spine as I looked at the rat’s nest. I shook it off and began to walk to the bathroom to grab a hairbrush. However, I tripped over Alex’s damn suitcase! I gave the fall a seven for clumsiness, a three for style and an eleven for keeping the towel wrapped around myself. “I’m pro.” I thought. I watched as Alex blinked his eyes open right after I fell. He rolled over and sat up. He then looked at me and his expression went from confused to humored in a second.
     “What happened to your hair?” He teased. “I’m on the ground and you’re asking about my hair… I love you too Alex.” I thought sarcastically. I stuck my tongue out at him childishly and he laughed at me.
     A minute later, he rubbed his eyes and sat up a little farther. 
     “What happened to you, why are you on the floor?” He asked, now disoriented. I glared at the suitcase.
     “The suitcase is what happened.” I grumbled. He chuckled and I scowled at him. I sighed and crawled back a little and I leaned against the wall. I looked over at Alex again.
     “Grab the paper and see what we can do today.” I ordered. He half smiled and nodded.
     “Yes ma’am.” He said courtly. He leaned over and grabbed the itinerary and began to read. As he did so, I grabbed clothes from my suitcase and began to get dressed. “There’s sailing, snorkeling, scuba diving…” He continued to read the list as I got dressed. 
     When I was dressed, I walked into the bathroom and grabbed my hairbrush. I walked back into the bedroom and I began to brush through my hair. Alex looked at me. 
     “There’s a wild dolphin encounter and snorkel.” He suggested. 
     “We get to swim with dolphins?” I hoped. He shook his head. 
     “Sadly, no, but you can touch them and watch them in the wild and then after that we go snorkeling, I know you liked that.” I smiled and nodded. 
     “That sounds good to me, so long as you’re up for it.” He nodded. 
     “Yeah, I just need to get dressed and then we can go get some breakfast and then we can go.” I nodded and threw him some clothes.
     When we were all dressed and ready to go, I grabbed a purse, well it was more like a beach bag, and we put our bathing suits in it along with sunscreen, money, the itinerary and the keys. When we had everything, we left the house and went to get breakfast. We ate and talked until about eleven. After that, we took the boat back to Key West and we went to the place where we needed to go.
     When there, we paid and the boat took us out. Alex and I talked happily as we sailed, I liked sailing probably because I liked the ocean. We sailed for a while before they finally stopped at the place where the dolphins were. Everyone was silent as we waited and listened to the tour guide talk about the dolphins. People pointed around the water, smiling as dolphins played. I half smiled to myself as I watched one curiously peek his head out of the water and make a joyous squeeling sound when he saw everyone. He then dove back into the water.
     A few minutes later, people were leaning over the boat and patting the water, trying to get the dolphin to come up to the boat. Alex and I were laying on the flat deck on our stomachs with our arms hanging over the boat. Alex had one arm in the water and one arm wrapped around me. I looked at him and smiled. 
     “This is cool.” I whispered, hoping that a dolphin would come and see us but highly doubting us. Alex laughed.
     “It would be cooler if Flipper and company would come over here.” He joked. I giggled and looked back at the water. 
     We waited ten more minutes before a dolphin actually came up to us. Huge smiles formed on our faces as it swam past our hands, letting us rub it’s smooth skin. Unlike the other dolphins who came, looked at the people, let the people touch them a few times and swam away, the dolphin that came up to us was fearless. After the first time he swam past us, he turned right back around and began to float in front of us, just in petting range. 
     “Hey buddy!” Alex exclaimed. The dolphin began to make whistling sounds at us. We chuckled and reached out to touch him. He let us so we stroked his smooth skin. I felt a huge smile resting on my face. 
     “He’s awesome.” I whispered. Alex looked at me for a second and nodded.
     “You know, some people say that dolphins can see right into people’s souls, others say they know what we are.” I looked from Flipper to Alex.
      “How can they tell?” I murmured under my breath. Alex shrugged and Flipper made some clicking noises as he urged us to continue petting him.
     “I don’t know, dolphins are very unique creatures, they’re very intelligent animals. They’re very interested in humans, they can tell when a woman is pregnant before she knows herself. They can communicate with each other on a level that isn’t natural for animals, and they can work out problems.” I looked from Alex to Flipper who was chirping happily. Alex and I played with the dolphin who seemed very interested in us. He seemed frustrated for some reason, but I couldn’t tell what that reason was.
     After a while, all of the dolphins began to leave so Flipper decided to go to as well. We watched as he swam away, making no noises as he did so. 
     As the boat sailed to the area where we would be snorkeling, Alex and I talked some more about the dolphins. When we were at the coral reefs, the guide and everyone else put on the snorkeling gear and we followed him into the water. We were exploring the only living coral reef in the Continental United States. It was beautiful, much like the last place we had been to, though there were many similarities it was different in it’s own way. We had fun swimming around, we saw turtles and lobsters and fish and coral and anenomes. I was just a little sad that we were leaving tomorrow, the time seemed like it went by really fast, it always did when we were together so I suppose it’s a good thing we don’t age.
     After we were done snorkeling, we went back to the boat and we went back to shore, it was about four. When at Key West, Alex and I took a cab back to the hotel and then we took a boat to the island. We then went to our room and took a shower, we smelled like the ocean, the ocean itself smelled good, but when the ocean water was on us… well we didn’t smell like a bottle of Chanel perfume.
     When we were clean, we watched TV and talked until about seven. That’s when we went down to the hotel’s restaurant and got some dinner. We got back to the cottage around eight. When back, we began to pack everything up. Dean had said our tickets would be on the doorstep at seven on Saturday morning, I set the alarm clock for six thirty. 
     When everything was packed up, Alex and I watched some more TV until about ten, that’s when the day finally caught up to us. Though I was sure I wasn’t too tired for last minute honeymoon sex, I restrained, I figured sleep was needed, we had a long day ahead of ourselves tomorrow.
     I woke up on Saturday, June 9th to the insistent buzzing noise of the alarm clock. Alex hit the snooze button a few times, but I sat up, awake. I got up slowly and stretched. I looked around, the sun was up and it was gonna be another beautiful Florida day. I was, in a way, sad about leaving, being here with Alex made life seem so unreal. For the past few days we had lived in this fairytale world. I knew the second that we left, the real world would come back into the picture, I was ok with that though. I wondered if Jenn had gotten back… wait, had she even found Scotty? I felt a little selfish for not sticking around to even see if he was ok. I had turned my phone off on the plane here and I didn’t bother turning it back on because I figured people would try to call me.
     After hitting snooze three different times, Alex finally yawned and stretched. He then rubbed his groggy eyes and sat up a little. He looked around the room and then his eyes met mine. He flashed me a good morning smile and then he stretched once more. We got dressed and at seven sharp, there was a knock on the front door. Alex left the bedroom and came back a few minutes later with a basket in his hands. I stared at it and looked at him. He shrugged and walked over to the bed by me. He sat down and handed me the basket. 
     “Was anyone there?” I questioned as I looked through the basket. He shook his head. 
     “No.” He muttered. I shrugged and pulled out a bunch of wrapped muffins, blueberry, banana nut, chocolate chip, cinnamon, and apple, you get the idea. There were two of each kind. Alex nodded. “Dean’s a good man.” He said as he grabbed a banana muffin and began to unwrap it. In the basket was a card, I opened it and the two tickets fell into my lap. I half smiled and began to read.
     “Dearest Selena and Alex, I hope your trip was fun as it was intended to be. However, a time must come when you have to leave. I hope your bags are packed and you didn’t throw away the piece of paper I gave you. If you did I attached all the information you need onto a Post-it note at the bottom of card. I wish you well. Sincerely, Dean.” I set the card down and tore off the post it note. I then handed it to Alex who had a mouth full of muffin. He took it and set it on the side table.
     We ate the muffins, which were delicious, and then we took all of our stuff and went to check out. We went to the lobby area and checked out and then we took the boat back to Key West. We then took a taxi to the airport that Dean instructed us to go to, which was the same one our flight here landed at.
     When at the airport, we checked our luggage and then we did everything else. When we were at our terminal, it was about nine forty-five. We talked for the remaining fifteen minutes before they called us to board the plane. We then got on and took our seats.
     When everyone was on the very crowded plane, they closed the doors and we waited several more minutes. Then, when everyone was settled, I felt the airplane roll down the runway and I felt it jerk into the air. I sighed and stared out the window as we left, I looked down at the shrinking beaches and cities. Alex took my hand and I looked at him. He smiled at me and I smiled back. He then leaned over and gave me a quick kiss.
     We talked for a little while flying to New York. Alex asked me what I wanted to do after we got back. I told him that I wanted to make sure Scott was ok and then I wanted to see my grandmother before we went back to the pack. So we talked about that for a while and then Alex slept a little. It was about a three and a half hour flight, slightly longer than the flight to Florida, but time didn’t matter to me.
     When we landed in New York, surprisingly, it felt good in a way. Alex and I waited for people to clear out of the plane a little before we left. When most everyone was gone, Alex grabbed the carryon and we went to go get our luggage. When we had everything, we went outside and got a cabby to take us to the hotel. We rode in silence as the guy drove us to the hotel. I think the events of the last few days had just caught up to us because we were both tired.
     We got back to the hotel, paid the taxi driver, got our luggage and he went on his way. Alex and I had five hundred dollars left over from the trip so we were set for a while. We walked into the hotel and I felt this uneasy feeling, like I knew Jenn was waiting up in our room to yell at us, I shivered at that thought. We went upstairs, Alex had kept the hotel key with us when we left, I’m sure Jenn appreciated that. When we were up to our room, I felt my heart pounding, this was the first time the thought of Jenn really, truly scared me. Alex unlocked the front door and opened it and we slowly walked in. 
     When in the room, we set down our luggage and then I looked over at the couches, sure enough, Jenn was sitting on the loveseat, facing away from us. She breathed in and was immediately standing and facing us. I stared at her, observing her eyes. Her face was calm, but her eyes were furious. Alex and I stared at her as she rested her hands on her hips and began to tap her toe in frustration. She held up one finger, chuckled under her breath and then it began.
     “Where’ve you been?” She hissed. I looked around coyly, trying to avoid eye contact.
     “What do you mean?” I murmured as if nothing had happened. She glared at me.
     “I got back two days ago and you two weren’t here. There was no note, no nothing. I called your cell all but a million times, it went straight to voicemail every time. Now, you guys said your weren’t gonna leave so my mind immediately went to the worst case senario.” I looked down guiltily.
     “I’m sorry, we were just…” I paused, hesitant to finish that sentence.
     “Were just what?” She interrogated. I bit my lip and looked back at Alex for a second. He looked just as speachless as I was. We all stood there for a moment and then Jenn’s attention shifted to my left hand. I saw her eyes go from angry to curious and back to angry. She slowly looked from my hand to me. “You did not.” She whispered slowly. I felt a sigh of defeat escape my mouth. Jenn looked back and forth from me to Alex and then it struck her. “Why the hell would you do that?” She yelled. “I was… I was gone for not even a week and you got married!” She shook her head in anger. “Do you two want to explain what was going through your heads, because I’d really like to know right now.”
     “We just…” Jenn laughed loud, interrupting me.
     “Don’t feed me your lame excuses!” She demanded. I felt myself laughing at her inside. She took a deep breath in and then a figure in the corner of my eye caught my attention. I looked over at the hallway leading back to Alex and my room and I saw Scotty. I felt a smile form on my face. He had Jenn’s cell phone in his hand and he was studying it carefully. 
     “Hey, so I gave my mom a call and she…” He looked up at her but his attention immediately flew to me and Alex. A huge smile, much like mine formed on his face and he stuck the phone in his pocket and ran up to me. He wrapped his arms around me and hugged me tight.
     “Selene, I was so worried for you and Alex!” He exclaimed. “When Recluse took me, I knew something was gonna happen to you and Alex and I was freaked out and…” Jenn scoffed.
     “Scott, we are not happy with them right this moment.” She said sounding very frustrated. Scotty looked from me to her and then back to me.
     “Why not?” He asked, sounding confused.
     “Because,” she began as she dropped her hands to her side, “they didn’t leave or get taken, they went and got married.” Scott smiled and looked from me to Alex and then back to me.
     “No way! That’s amazing.” He said as he hugged me again. “When did you guys get marrie…”
     “Scott!” Jenn yelled. Scott frowned and looked at her.
     “What?”
     “They got married.” She sounded as if she was almost on the breaking point.
     “So?” He asked, making this argument way more simple than Jenn wanted it to be.
     “So, it means that… they just…” She sighed and closed her eyes for a moment, composing herself. A minute later, Jenn reopened her eyes and all hints of frustration were gone. I half smiled at her and held out my right arm, inviting her to join Scott and my hug. She sighed, smiled and walked over to us. She wrapped her arms around me and Scott and then Scott smiled and backed up out of our hug. Jenn stared at me and shook her head. 
     “I can’t believe you.” She said, very shocked. I half smiled. 
     “What?” I wondered.
     “You got married and you didn’t even tell me.”
     “Would you have let me if I told you?” I joked. She chuckled and shook her head. 
     “No, probably not, but now that the deed’s done I guess I can’t judge.” I smiled and she hugged me again. “I’m glad you’re ok, I thought that Nichole…” She shivered and shook her head. “But never mind that.” She looked from me to Alex and smiled. She walked passed me and shook his hand. “How are you doing?” She questioned. Alex nodded.
     “Good, we’re tired and a little hungry.” Jenn nodded too.
     “Scott was getting hungry so I was gonna take him out to get food. You guys do what you need to do and then we can go, I have a lot to tell you and a lot to ask.” I half smiled and looked back at Alex.
     “Do we need to do anything?” I asked. He stood there for a second, deliberating and then he shook his head.
     “No.” I smiled and Jenn nodded. 
     “Alright I’m just gonna go get my wallet, I’ll be back.” We all nodded and then she was gone. Alex looked at Scott, smiled and gave him a half hug.
     “It’s good to see you’re still in one piece.” Scotty chuckled. 
     “Yeah, Jenn found me on Wednesday and brought me back from that place.” Alex shook his head.
     “No, I knew you’d be fine there, I meant I was surprised you and Jenn hadn’t killed each other yet.” He teased. Scott laughed.
     “Please Alex, some people like me you know.” Jenn said as she reentered the room. Alex nodded.
     “Assuredly.” He said as he bowed respectfully. Jenn smiled and rolled her eyes. 
     “Let’s just go.” She muttered as she walked to the door and opened it. We all walked out and she followed us, closing the door behind herself.
     We all walked to the nearest restaurant, Alex and I told Scott and Jenn how we got married, where we went for the honeymoon, what we did, how we paid for it. Jenn seemed ok with it I suppose, I knew deep down that she didn’t like it, but she was also, in a way, happy for us. When at the restaurant, the waitress asked us to follow her to our table. Jenn put her hand on my shoulder.
     “Hey, can I talk to you for a second?” She hoped. I nodded and looked at Alex.
     “We’ll be right there, ok.” Alex nodded and he and Scott followed the waitress. Jenn and I went over to a corner and then she began to speak.
     “I just wanted to talk to you for one second, and I know Alex will probably bring it up, but I need a second alone to talk to you about this.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, sure, what’s up?” I asked, almost knowing what was on her mind.
     “It’s Jesse, Selena, he hasn’t contacted me at all, he hasn’t called or sent anyone to me to reasure me that he’s ok. I’m really scared for him.” Her eyes had a small tint of silver in them. I frowned and looked down. 
     “What can I do to help?” I asked. She frowned.
     “He won’t pick up his phone when I call but I was thinking if you called, maybe he would. I know it’s a lot because of you and Alex but…” I shook my head, stopping her from talking.
     “Of course I’ll try Jenn.” She smiled and her eyes went back to normal. 
     “I’m just scared. I’d know if he was dead Selena because he’s my sire, but, if Nichole had him, I’d never know.” I frowned and stared at her.
     “Have you… seen her?” I asked curiously. Jenn nodded.
     “I saw her, though I didn’t go speak to her. With Dedrick, I knew that I was safe around him, but Nichole,” she shook her head, “I don’t know what she thinks so I’ve been keeping my distance.” Jenn’s eyes turned silver again. “If I know my brother Selena, he’s gonna be mad at Nichole, not as mad as she is at him but he’ll be mad.”
     “Why?” 
     “Because she never came to him or told him that she was still alive, she took over for Dedrick and she wants to harm you.” I frowned.
     “Why does she want to harm me?” I was shocked, I never did anything to her.
     “Because Jesse loves you Selena. So, if I’m correct, he’s gonna be trying to find ways to kill her just as much as she’s going to be trying to kill him.” I shook my head.
     “I thought he left because he…” 
     “Loved her?” Jenn chuckled. “No, that face that he had last I saw him was a betrayed and hurt face, it wasn’t love.” I sighed.
     “Why do you think he left?” 
     “My best guess is that he’s looking into Nichole’s past.” 
     “What’s the most important detail we don’t know?” I hinted. 
     “Well, how the hell she’s even still alive is a start.” I shook my head.
     “How’d she die again?”
     “Well, I was there, Dedrick, he caught her and he summoned Jesse, I went with because I didn’t want Dedrick to hurt him. Anyway, when there, Aaron grabbed me so I couldn’t stop Dedrick and Dedrick told Jesse to watch. Nichole, she screamed and begged Jesse to help, but he just stood there. Then, when Dedrick had had his fun, he snapped her neck. Shortly after that, Dedrick warned Jesse about falling in love and then he left. Aaron then took both me and Jesse away.”
     “So you four were the only ones there, you, Jesse, Aaron and Dedrick?” She nodded.
     “I didn’t hear, smell or see anyone else so I have no clue who turned her.” 
     “Well, how long after her death could she have been turned?” 
     “Not long, maybe ten minutes at the most, but even that’s pushing it.” I stared at her as a thought occurred to me.
     “Now, we know that Dedrick never would have turned her, right?” Jenn nodded.
     “No, that would mean Jesse could still be with her so he wouldn’t have done that.”
     “What about Aaron?” I asked. “Would he have done that for any reason?” Jenn stood there for a moment, deep in thought. Finally, several seconds later, she shook her head.
     “No.” She said surely. “Aaron wanted Jesse to be punished too so I don’t think…”
     “You don’t think? Jenn, what if, in his own thought process, he knew Nichole would be upset at Jesse so he turned her.” Jenn shook her head. 
     “No, he wouldn’t have done that.” I nodded, not sold. We stood there for a moment before I remembered what she had said about Jesse.
     “Jesse can’t kill her Jenn.” She nodded a second later, knowing this. 
     “I know he can’t, and that’s why I’m scared. He’s gonna do something stupid, I know it and then he’s gonna get hurt or worse.”
     “Nichole can control Jesse so why doesn’t she?” I wondered. Jenn nodded.
     “I’m sure she has already summoned him to her.” I stared at her confused. 
     “Then why is he still alive? What does she want from him?” I asked under my breath. Jenn shook her head, clearly as confused as I was.
     “I don’t know, but I’m really scared for him Selena.” I nodded and wrapped my arms around her.
     “I know, I’ll give him a call, we’ll find him Jenn. He’s gonna be fine.” I swore. She nodded and then I let her go. She took in a deep breath of air and then she let it out.
     “Alright, we better go.” She mumbled. I nodded and we went to find the boys.




















Chapter 7

     Jenn and I found the boys and we sat down at the table with them. When the waitress came to our table, we ordered and then she brought us some drinks. Jenn looked at me as I sipped at my Dr. Pepper.
     “So, about Scott’s situation,” she began, “remember how I told you about the places that Dedrick held the werewolves?” She asked. I nodded. 
     “Yes.”
     “Well, there were four I knew about, however, I asked around and it turns out there are seven.”
     “Asked who?” Alex hinted. She ignored him.
     “As for the ones I knew nothing about, there was one in Europe, one here in America and one down in Mexico. I checked the one in the U.S. first but he wasn’t there, then I headed to the one in Mexico and luckily, he was there. That’s where I saw Nichole, she was talking to people about stuff.”
     “How’d you get Scott out of there?” Alex wondered.
     “I got help from Dean and his people. Clearly you can see they’ve been very busy now that Aaron isn’t here.” Alex nodded. “Getting Scott out was pretty simple for the most part. Dean’s people talked to Nichole while I went and got Scott. You see, people haven’t really processed the thought that I don’t need special treatement any more. Before, Dedrick had people do whatever I wanted but now I can’t, however, people haven’t really thought it through yet. They know that Jesse and Nichole used to love each other so now they think it’s the same. Until she makes a statement expressing her situation with me and Jesse, I’m fine. I’ll start being more careful afterwards.” I nodded.
     “Ok, ok, so you went in, got Scotty and left?” She nodded. 
     “Yeah, me getting him wasn’t the worst part. I found him two days after the full moon.” Alex and I both frowned and looked at Scott.
     “What happened after Recluse took you?” Alex questioned. Scott nodded and the waitress set out food in front of us and left. We all began to eat as Scott talked.
     “Well, I woke up the morning after I was taken. It was weird, it was almost like being in jail, but we weren’t behind bars.” He looked at Jenn, unable to describe it. She nooded and looked at me and Alex. 
     “Basically, it’s this normal looking house, when you go into it, it looks normal, but there’s a basement. Well, you go down into this basement and right when you get down, there’s thick iron bars with a large door. So you go through the door and it’s like a really long hallway. Now all of this is underground, the house isn’t in a crowded area, it’s in a place with a lot of open land. Well, Dedrick took the basement and he had people build almost like a house under ground. As you walke down this hallway, there are iron bars on your left and your right, the hallway is very narrow. It’s also difficult to see, the lighting is crap so it’s dark. Now every, I don’t know, two hundred yards down the hallway, there’s a door to your left and to your right in the iron bars, leading places. Well, if you enter one of those doors, you’ll be in a new, huge room. In this room is a large, circular hole in the ground, maybe ninety-five yards in circumference. However, you still have space to walk around the top of the hole without falling into it. Now, the floor in the room is covered in cement and so is the actual hole, cement covers the walls in the hole. It’s basically like a giant swimming pool. It’s really deep though, like maybe thirty feet deep.”
     “Why is it like this?” I wondered. Jenn sighed.
     “This place is built to hold werewolves Selena.” I shook my head, disgusted. I then looked at Scott.
     “Were you scared?” I asked, I know I would have been if I got stuck in this place. He nodded.
     “Yeah, a little. It wasn’t dirty or anything, but it wasn’t really clean either. There was a futon mattress in there, along with a toliet thing, a bucket of water and a bucket of bread. Every morning they would send down a new bucket of water and they would give us more food every three days.”
     “Send it down, no one ever came down to you?” Alex asked. Scott shook his head. 
     “No, see, they had this rope with a large hook on it and they would attach the handle of the bucket to the rope and they’d send it down, but no one ever came down.”
     “Why was it so deep?” I wondered aloud.
     “When we turn, we jump really high, run really fast and we’re strong. Well, they gave us enough room to walk around, but in wolf form, there’s not enough room to run and it’s too high of a jump.”
     “So you were trapped.” Alex stated. Scotty nodded. 
     “Yeah, granted I wasn’t chained up, but there still wasn’t anything to do. I never remember all of the details of transition, it’s very painful but we can’t scream or make noise while going through trasition. When we finally shift, we black out. I remember bits and pieces, like I remember being happy to not be chained up but mad to be trapped. I remember jumping but falling back to the ground but that’s it.”
     “You shifted how many times there?” I asked. 
     “Three.” I sighed and shook my head.
     “What’d you do about the clothes situation?” I muttered.
     “Well, when I woke up in the morning, there were clothes in a basket they had sent down so I used those. The only time I ever saw anybody though was in the morning when they sent stuff down and I sent stuff up.” We were all silent until Jenn spoke up.
     “When there, I checked every cell until I found Scott.”
     “Where was he?” Alex asked.
     “He was in the back somewhere.”
     “How many werewolves do you think there were?” I asked, hoping it wasn’t a lot.
     “It was a lot more than I had expected. You see, in the other places he keeps the werewolves, there’s really not too much, maybe fifty, seventy-five per place, but in these places,” she shook her head, “there’s hundreds of them Selena.”
     Scott, Alex and I ate our food and talked more as we did so. Like Jenn had predicted, Alex asked about Jesse and Jenn simply replied, “I haven’t heard from him yet.” That’s what we left it at.
     When we were done eating, Jenn paid and then we left and began to walk back to the hotel. We talked about plans as we walked.
     “So,” began Scott, “what are you guys gonna do, are you going home or what?” He wondered. Alex nodded.
     “We were talking about that a little on the flight here. I think we’re gonna go see Selena’s grandmother again before we go back to our pack. We kind of just disappeared and I think she’s probably confused so we’de like to go spend some real time with her.” Jenn and Scott nodded.
     “Well when do you plan on leav…” Scott stopped because something caught his attention. He looked as if he was listening to something in the distance. Jenn looked the same way.
     “What?” I asked as I looked around.
     “Do you hear that?” Scott asked Jenn. She nodded a little. I stared at them confused and we were all silent, listening. Finally, a second later, I heard it, it sounded like screaming… it was screaming. Scott immediately began running to the source of the screams. 
     “Scott!” Jenn yelled as she began to follow him. I looked at Alex who looked almost as confused as I was and then we began to follow after them.
     We ran for a minute before I saw Scott round a corner. A second later, Jenn did the same. I had a horrible feeling about this.
     “Hey!” Scott yelled as I rounded the corner. At that moment though, I heard a very loud bang and then I saw Scotty fall to the floor. 
     “Scott!” Jenn screamed. I heard a second bang and then a loud scream escaped my mouth, it was silenced however as Alex’s hand flew over my mouth and he pulled me back around the corner.
     “Shh, baby, be quiet, it’s ok.” He comforted. I felt my eyes fill up with tears and then I heard a snarling sound, loud and threatening and then a few men yelled some curse words and screamed and then I heard a loud thud and then a woman screamed in terror.
     “Alex!” Jenn yelled. Alex let me go and then he rounded the corner. I did the same when my body decided to move.
     When I rounded the corner, I saw two men lying dead on the floor with their throats torn open and blood spilling from them and there was a woman sitting on the ground in the corner of a building, hiding her face in her hands. What terrified me was Jenn and Scotty. Jenn was leaning over Scott with her hand on her waist and blood on her face. Worse was Scott, he was lying motionless on the ground with blood spilling from the bullet hole just bellow his heart. Alex quickly knelt down to Scott and then Jenn was over by the woman who screamed.
     “Look,” Jenn said, sounding weak, “go home, you didn’t see any of this.” Instantly the woman stood up and left like nothing had just happened. The second she was gone, Jenn was back over by Scotty. I ran over to them and looked at Scott, he was taking in little breaths at a time and there was a blood pool surounding him. He was dying. Alex stared at him, nervous, but in control of himself, Jenn on the other hand, she was frantic and was freaking out.
     “Scott, Scott!” She screamed. “You’re gonna be fine.” She said so fast I barely caught it. She looked over him and then she looked at Alex. “Alex, what do I do, he’s dying!” Alex shook his head and looked Scott over. He then took in a deep breath and looked at Jenn. 
     “Jenn, you need to calm down, you can help him ok.” Jenn seemed to know what he meant but she shook her head. 
     “No, I don’t know anything about them, I couldn’t!” 
     “Jenn, he’s dying, if you don’t do something now he’s not gonna make it, ok.” Jenn was having a panic attack. She looked over Scott’s wound and then she nodded to herself. She leaned over Scott and looked him in his almost closed eyes.
     “You’re not gonna feel any pain ok.” She was constraining him to not feel what she was about to do to him. Finally, with much hesitance, Jenn bit into Scott’s neck, injecting him with venom. 
     When Scott had Jenn’s venom in his system, she picked him up and Alex and I shifted. We all ran back to the hotel, Alex and I shifted out back and she ran straight up to the room, so fast that no one saw her. Alex and I then ran into the building and up to our room. I was freaking out and so was Alex, although he was better at staying calm in situations like this than I was. When up at the room, we ran in and shut the door behind ourselves. We looked around but couldn’t find Jenn. We ran back to her room and Scott was lying on the bed, not moving, not breathing…
     The time was seven in the afternoon, Scott hadn’t moved since we brought him here an hour and a half ago. He still layed on the bed and was going through transition. As for Jenn, she had been shot too, the bullet had gone straight through the left side of her waist and she was in extreme pain. She needed blood however, she refused to leave Scotty’s side. Alex, who was pacing around the room finally looked at her.
     “Jenn, you need to go get some blood.” She shook her head and ran her hand across Scott’s lifeless face. 
     “No.” She muttered. “I’m fine.” Alex sighed and walked over to me.
     “What do I do?” I whispered into his ear. He looked at me and shook his head. He kissed me and then looked back at Scott. There really was nothing for me to do to help. I, in frustration, walked over to the bedroom window and I looked out of it. Instantly as I looked down at the ground I felt a serious wave of déjà vu cover me. Under a parked car was a red fox, he looked around as if he was bored and then his eyes shifted up to me. Immidiately, he stood up, not losing eye contact with me and slyly ran into a back alley. Part of me swore this was a hallucination, but the venom surely must have been out of my system. I looked back at Alex and Jenn who were both silent and then I looked at the bedroom door and walked to it. Alex looked at me. 
     “Where are you going?” He wondered.
     “I need air.” I whispered. He nodded and looked back at Scott.
     I quickly walked out of the bedroom and I exited the suite. I then ran out of the hotel and to where I had seen the fox. I looked under the car, hoping the fox had returned, but he wasn’t there, I then ran back into the alley where he had gone. I looked around but didn’t see anything. I, upset with myself, turned around angrily but I froze. The fox was right in front of me.
     “Lapis.” I muttered. 
     “Yeah, come on.” He said as he walked farther back into the alley. I followed with little to no hesitation.
     When we were far enough back so I could talk to him, I stopped walking. 
     “Wait, Lapis, are you really here? I’ve been seeing things lately so I’m not quite sure…” He looked back at me and sat down. 
     “Yes, I’m actually here.” I felt a huge smile form on my face and I knelt down on the ground and laid my hand on his head. I was reassured when my hand felt his soft fur. I smiled and he licked my fingers. A second later, he stood up and looked at me with a very serious gaze, however I bypassed it.
     “What happened after Aaron killed you? Did you die or what happened?” 
     “Look,” he began, “I promise I’ll answer every question you have, but I have to answer them later, ok.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, sure, what’s wrong?” He stared at me with a cautious expression.
     “Selena, Jesse’s in trouble.” I tilted my head a little. 
     “What do you mean?” I interrogated.
     “People of importance we watch and Jesse is one of the next most important people in stopping Nichole. Like I said, we watch people and we turned away for one hour, one hour and he was gone. We cannot find him.”
     “So what does that mean?” He stared at me with sad eyes.
     “Selena, it means Jesse’s either really good at hiding stuff or he’s…” He paused, not wanting to say it. I knew what he was going to say though and I shook my head.
     “No,” I mumbled, “no, Jenn would have felt it.” He stared at me.
     “We can’t find him Selena.” He sounded either stressed or scared, I couldn’t tell which.
     “Well, what can I do to help you guys?” I offered.
     “Last we saw him, he was looking into Nichole’s past, he wants to know how she’s alive. He was trying to figure out who turned her when we stopped watching him.” 
     “Wait, you knew that Nichole was alive, didn’t you?” He nodded.
     “Of course I knew, now please focus. We sent someone to him a few days after Nichole became in charge of him. That folletto we sent had an amulet with a spell on it. The spell he put on Jesse made it so Nichole cannot control him.”
     “That’s why.” I mumbled. He nodded. 
     “Yes, now that was the only folletto they were willing to send to Earth, however, we don’t know where he or Jesse are. We thought Jesse would be fine if he was with our folletto but when we looked back to check on them, they were both gone. Now, we never followed Nichole, we knew she was alive, but we didn’t watch her so we know nothing about her. We don’t know where to look next.” I shook my head.
     “Well I don’t either, Jenn can’t help so…” He shook his head as well.
     “Selena, you know someone who can help us.” I sat there, knowing who he was talking about.
     “No, I can’t go and see him Lapis.” 
     “Can’t or won’t? There’s a fine line between the two.” He stated. I scowled at him.
     “I promised him that I wouldn’t come back.” 
     “Then you’re gonna break that promise. Selena, I wouldn’t be telling you any of this if it wasn’t an emergency. Please, Jesse is in trouble.” I stood there for a moment and I moved my hand up to my face and ran it through my hair. I dropped my hand to my side.
     “Ok, um, let me just go tell Alex.” Lapis shook his head.
     “Selena, Jenn is with Alex so you can’t say anything for three reasons, one Jenn needs to stay with Scott right now, two, Alex and Jenn won’t let you go and you know this and three, if Jesse is in trouble, I can assure you Jenn will be afraid. And, if Jesse is dead, she does not need to be the first person to know that.” I frowned and stood there for a moment, thinking it through. Lapis was right, I couldn’t tell them without them freaking out. I looked at him with torn eyes. 
     “Alright, alright, just um… I don’t have any money with me for a cab.” He nodded. 
     “That’s why you have your gift of speed, is it not?” I half smiled and nodded.
     “I suppose so.” I muttered. I looked around for a second and then I nodded. “Alright, but you need to come with me, ok.” Lapis nodded.
     “Sure.” 
     Since I didn’t have money, I took Lapis’ advice to run. Lapis hoped onto my back and gently bit the back of my neck. It didn’t hurt but it made it so he didn’t fly off when I was running. I ran as fast as I could for an hour before I got to Nelsonville. I remembered the way from when Jenn and I had gone here. It was about eight thirty when Lapis and I got to the forest clearing where Kent’s old house used to be. I looked around and saw the large boulder covering the cellar. I knelt down and Lapis hopped off of my back. I then walked over to the boulder and I began to walk forward, pushing it with my shoulder and torso. It was pretty easy to move.
     When the boulder was off of the trap door on the ground, I shifted and opened the door. I climbed down the ladder and then I lifted Lapis in with me. I set him on the floor and looked around, it was dark in here so I grabbed a match and lit the small lamp that was hanging from the ceiling. Immediately, the room filled with light and I looked at the door that led into the next room where Aaron was imprisoned. I shoved a handful of matches into my pocket and I looked at Lapis.
     “How come he’s not dead yet?” I whispered.
     “Vampires can make their own blood, however, it’s very difficult for their bodies to do so. They have to have no traces of human blood in them, that takes about a week to a week in a half. When all the human blood is gone, their bodies go into survival mode, it turns something on in them and it begins to make their own blood. The problem is, it can only make about ten percent of blood so it’s a constant process and they’re always very weak.” I sighed.
     “So he can’t die by starvation?” Lapis shook his head.
     “No, however, I must warn you, when they have no human blood in them and they’re making their own blood, they are very… aggressive. They go into survival mode which triggers the blood cycle but it also puts them into hunt mode. Aaron will be very angry and he’s not gonna look good. He will be very pale and cold to the touch because of the lack of blood in him. Remember Selena, he is very thirsty and he’s going to do everything in his power to get blood so you need to keep your distance, don’t walk close to him, ok.” I nodded. “Also, if he isn’t grumpy, he will be very charismatic or charming, he’s thirsty so also concider using that against him.” I nodded and Lapis took a step back. “I’m gonna stay out here, if that’s alright.” He hoped. I nodded and looked back at the door. I sighed and grabbed the door key off the little table to my left and I reached for the handle.
     When I was in the room, I closed the door behind myself and stuck the key in my pocket. It was very hot in this room, it almost felt like I was in an oven. It was also very dark, I grabbed a match out of my pocket and I lit a lamp that was on a table, a dim light filled the large room. I looked to the center of the room and saw Aaron, sitting lifelessly, chained up in his chair. Slowly, he lifted his head and looked toward me. He let out a long, drawn out sigh and then he chuckled under his breath.
     “Selena…” He croaked. His voice sounded horrible, like he hadn’t had a drink of water in weeks. His handsom face looked very unattractive and almost scary. His skin was pale, paler than a dead person and his eyes lacked color. His hair was drained of it’s blonde luster and it almost looked a light grey color, and, under his eyes were dark black and purple circles, he almost looked like a skeleton. “Now Selena,” he began again, “we had a deal, I told you and Jenn about Sector Seven and you, Jesse and Jenn were never to return to me.” I nodded and walked around him, keeping my distance. 
     “Yeah, well clearly you’re the more honest person in this situation.” He scowled at me and I walked over to a desk and began to rumage through it’s drawers. I found a small knife and a little bowl looking thing, I took them and I walked over to the chair that sat a few feet in front of Aaron. I sat down and he looked at the knife and then at me. He half smiled and sat up a little straighter.
     “What’s the plan love?” He asked curiously. I shrugged. 
     “I’d like to make a new deal with you.” He laughed.
     “Right, because you’re so good at keeping your word.” I smiled.
     “Well, I don’t think you’ll pass this one up.” I was very sure of this. He tilted his head a little as I set the bowl in my lap. I, with much hesitance, took the knife and cut open the palm of my hand. I breathed in in pain. “Sorry Alex.” I thought. As the scent of my blood filled the hot room, Aaron became uneasy, squirming around a little. I held my hand over the bowl and I filled it a fourth of the way with my blood. I then looked up at Aaron, his eyes were fixed on the bowl.
     “New deal, I’ll give you some blood if you give me some answers.” Aaron chuckled. 
     “Always needing answers.” He said as he reluctantly looked from the blood to me. “I think I’ll pass.” He said as if that took every inch of will power in him to say that. I stared at him confused.
     “Aren’t you thirsty?” I had been possitive this was gonna work. He smirked at me.
     “The hardest part is over.” He began. “When the blood cycle starts, it’s very painful. If I drink that blood, though it will be wonderful, I’ll just have to go through the starting of the blood cycle again and that’s more painful than my thirst for blood.” I frowned and shrugged. 
     “Hmm, well, I guess if you don’t want it, I’ll just get rid of it.” I smiled cockily and held my hand out to my side. The bowl was in my hand and I tilted it just a little so that it would spill onto the floor. I saw a single drop of blood fall onto the ground and then an angry yell echoed in the room.
     “No!” Aaron yelled. “No.” He repeated in a more tempered manner. I smiled a large, wicked smile.
     “What’s that Aaron, you don’t want blood all over the floor?” I asked cruelly. “Oh right! Duh, I can only imagine how torturous that would be being stuck in here, thirsty and smelling blood every day.” He glared at me as I stood up. I walked over to him and let my voice slip into a whisper. “You see Aaron, I can torture you without resorting to violence.” I taunted. He just continued to glare at me. 
     I walked over to a desk and I set down the bowl and knife.
     “So Aaron, how about this, you tell me what I want and or need to know and I won’t spill the blood all over this hot room.” He sighed and looked at me sarcastically.
     “Here’s another idea, why don’t you just go ask Dedrick, you and him are pals, are you not?” I half smiled.
     “Well, I would do that, but it would appear that he’s unable to answer my questions.”
     “Aw, is he too busy for you love?” I stared at him and shook my head.
     “He’s dead Aaron.” Aaron froze for several seconds and then he shook it off and looked at me.
     “You’re lying.” He sounded positive. I shook my head.
     “Unfortunately for you, I’m not. I killed him.” Aaron let out a loud, disbelieving laugh.
     “Right, right, and how did you do that exactly?” He requested in a snarky manner. I smiled and I walked back over to the chair and I sat down. 
     “Well, I took the silver dagger that he gave to Jenn years back and I shoved it into his heart. It was quite simple really, I just had to get him mad enough so that he was distracted.” Aaron shook his head.
     “I would have felt it.” He whispered to himself. He then looked back up at me with curious eyes. “Prove it, prove to me that he’s dead.” I frowned.
     “Alright, tell me how the hell Nichole is still alive, because everyone thought she was dead until she magically showed up one day and started taking over for Dedrick.” Aaron stared at me with wide eyes.
     “What?” He mumbled.
     “How is Nichole still alive Aaron?” I yelled. Aaron sat silently for a few minutes, processing what I had just told him.
     “You killed him?” He muttered. I shrugged sarcastically and leaned back in my chair a little bit. Immediately, his eyes filled with anger. “He passed down his charge to her?” He asked in a furry. “It was supposed to go to me!” I shook my head.
     “You’re dead Aaron, well, as far as society knows at least.” He glared at me.
     “So he gave his charge to her just because I wasn’t there?” I nodded.
     “Believe it or not, Dedrick moved on pretty quickly, it makes you wonder if he even cared about you dying, because honestly, he didn’t seem too torn up about it.” I couldn’t be sure, but it looked like Aaron had a very small hint of silver in his eyes. 
     It was silent for a few minutes before I decided to try again.
     “How is Nichole alive Aaron?” I hissed. He looked at me with a shocked, hurt and confused look on his face.
     “She was supposed to die, Dedrick killed her and then we all left.” 
     “You just left her there?” I asked, disgusted. He cast a sarcastic glance in my direction.
     “What, did you want us to have some grand funeral for her?” He shook his head. “No, we left her along with her family and the rest of the tiny town.”
     “Then how the hell is she still alive?” He looked at me with a cooperative face.
     “It was Miranda.” I felt a little piece of the puzzle fit together.
     “What?”
     “Miranda, she loved Dedrick dearly but she hated what he had become. Often she would confront him and try to convince him that hurting the humans wouldn’t solve his problems, it wouldn’t do anything, but he never listened. Well, after Dedrick killed Nichole, Miranda turned her and then, Lord knows why, but she went and told Dedrick. He was furious with her for messing up his plans so he killed her.” I felt a sigh escape my mouth.
     “That’s how she died.” I babbled. He nodded. “All this time and no one knew why Dedrick killed her and it was all because she saved Nichole.” Aaron nodded. 
     “Yes, she messed up Dedrick’s plans to ruin Jesse. If Jesse was ever to figure out that she was alive, he would be happy.”
     “Well why didn’t Dedrick just kill her again?” I wondered. Aaron half smiled. 
     “Nichole was strong even as a premature vampire. When Dedrick came to kill her for a second time, she stabbed him, almost killing him. That’s when he decided that she had too much potential to simply get rid of her. He wanted her on his side so he spent the next month training her and teaching her how to live as a vampire. In that month he filled her head with a lot of lies about Jesse. He told her that Jesse sold her out and that’s why he didn’t help her. He also told her that Jesse was having an affair when they were engaged to be married, and as a premature vampire, we are very… emotional. Nichole believed everything and she was heartbroken. However, she wouldn’t be on Dedrick’s side, she was equally mad at him as she was at Jesse. When Nichole turned into a mature vampire, Dedrick gave her the option to join him and he said he would put her in charge just behind me in rank, but she declined and left him.” 
     “Why didn’t he kill her then?” I questioned.
     “Because he believed she just needed time to come around so he kept her alive. Clearly it took her longer than he had expected.”
     “Did you guys ever see her again?” I wondered. He shook his head.
     “Not that I know of, but Dedrick didn’t always tell me everything he did.” We were silent for a minute before a thought occurred to Aaron. He looked at me. “Tell me, where is Jesse for all of this? I mean he’s the one who should be looking for answers, not you dear.” I frowned and sighed.
     “Jesse’s gone, no one knows where he is.”
     “And you think that Nichole might have something to do with his disappearance?” I paused for a moment and shook my head.
     “I don’t know what I’m thinking right now.” I admitted.
     We sat in silence and I watched Aaron, his eyes moved down to my left hand, that’s the hand I had cut open. His eyes examined the drying blood and then they shifted to my ring. A small smile formed on his face and he sighed.
     “Oh to be married, such joy, such passion. I’ll take it you wed Alex considering you don’t even know where Jesse is.” I frowned and shook my head.
     “Please don’t preach to me about things you don’t even know about yourself.” He frowned.
     “Sad, that truly is all people se me as, isn’t it?” He shook his head. “You know there was a time when I wasn’t a cold-blooded, bastardous vampire. I too have felt love.” He reassured me. I chuckled. 
     “I don’t believe you.” I said coldly. He half smiled and leaned back a little.
     “It was a long time ago,” he began, “I had a good childhood, my family was very wealthy so I never had to work for anything. Life was simple and it was all about me. I was the center of the world until, as most stories go, I fell in love. A girl name Elizabeth and her family move to my village and I fell in love with her. Very quickly I was no longer the sun in the solar system, she was. However, there were problems with my loving her.”
     “What kind of problems?” I asked. He frowned and shook his head.
     “Like I previously said, my family was very rich, but her’s, her family was very, very poor, my family didn’t like this. My father, he told me that if I was to marry her I would lose my inheritence and he would disown me.”
     “So they told you to lose Elizabeth or lose the money?” He frowned and nodded. I sighed. “Did you lose the girl?” I guessed. 
     “Oh, on the contrary, I lost the money. I told my family that I wanted a life of my own so they sent me away. So I left my family and I lived on my own until Elizabeth and I got married. After we were married, we worked hard and did our best to survive. It wasn’t easy because I had never worked a day in my life, but it was better, happier than living without her. After about two and a half years of being married to her, we had our first child together.” I felt my mouth drop open a little.
     “What, you had a kid?” The shock was clear in my voice and it amused Aaron.
     “Surprising, right, I know.” We sat there for a minute before he finally looked back at me, I thought I saw silver in his eyes, but the lighting was so poor I could have been wrong. “We had a son named Brogan and we were very happy for years until a Malaria outbreak occurred in the area we lived in, it quickly spread across the country side.” I frowned.
     “What happened?” I wondered. He frowned and his eyes were certainly silver now.
     “Brogan and Elizabeth caught the disease and Brogan was too young to fight it off. He died shortly after he turned four.” I frowned and looked down. “Elizabeth was fine, she recovered but shortly after she did so, she sank into a depression. She had lost our child, our crops were ruined by insects and she had lost a lot of her family due to the disease. All of this was too much for her to take so she hanged herself.” I frowned and looked back up at him. “Shortly after her death, I sank into the same depression. With nothing else, I sold our land when the epidemic cleared up a year later and I went back to find my family. My father had died in the epidemic and two years prior my mother had died in a horse accident. The only one left was my grandfather who welcomed me back like I was the prodigal son. I stayed with him for two years before he passed and then I inherited the family’s fortune. At this point, I couldn’t take it any more so I began to drink. Elizabeth was my best friend and my wife so when I lost her it hurt but then when I lost the last piece of family I had I couldn’t take it any more. I soon sold my family’s land and then I took the money I had and I left for a big city. I bought a small house and I spent most of my time at the tavern, wasting away, drinking away my sorrows. For another year this was my life until one night a stranger entered the tavern. I was drunk when he approached me and we talked for a little and he bought me some more drinks. With a few more ales I passed out. I woke up the next morning and I was a premature vampire.”
     “The stranger was Dedrick.” I murmured. He nodded. 
     “Yes. He told me what I was and he explained to me his plans to destroy the humans and I was so lost in my life that anything sounded good.”
     We sat in silence for several minutes before Aaron began to speak again.
     “So there you have it. Next time people say horrible things about me why don’t you reassure them that I wasn’t always a monster.” I laughed.
     “Well you are now so…” He half smiled and then he sighed.
     “If you’re looking for Jesse, try looking into Nichole’s past.” He suggested. I frowned.
     “No one knew Nichole was alive Aaron, no one knows her past.” Aaron shook his head.
     “Of course not everyone, however I may be of some assistance.” I stared at him curiously. 
     “What happened right after she left Dedrick, you said that she never came back.” He nodded.
     “Yes, but that doesn’t mean Dedrick didn’t keep an eye out for her. After she left him, she kept in contact with a cousin of her’s. Her cousin is a shape shifter who lives in Italy.” 
     “Lives… she’s still alive?” I hoped. He nodded.
     “Yes, tell Genevieve to find a Brooke Aspin. If Jesse’s as smart as he makes himself out to be, he’ll have looked there and she’ll tell you where to go next.” I nodded and a moment later I stood up. Aaron looked at me as I began to walk passed him to the table with the bowl of blood.
     “What are you doing?” He asked, sounding worried. I shrugged. 
     “I’m taking the bowl here and I’m leaving.” He swiftly shook his head.
     “No, no, no!” He begged. “Please, let me out of here.” I laughed and he shook his head. “No, I swear I won’t ever hurt anyone again, I just need…”
     “Blood.” I finished for him. I sighed and shook my head. “Aaron, I’d let you out of here if I believed you weren’t gonna kill me the moment I did.” He glared at me.
     “Then kill me!” He yelled. I chuckled.
     “If I killed you, you wouldn’t really be learning your lesson, now would you?” He stared at me with blood thirsty eyes. 
     “If you don’t let me out of here I’ll…” I shook my head.
     “What, you don’t like being chained up Aaron? Well guess what, I didn’t either but you still did it to me. What possible reason would I have for letting you out of here? So you fed me some sob story, you’ve also told me that you want me, Alex, Jenn and Jesse to be dead. You tortured me Aaron, you’ve hurt Jesse, you almost got my husband killed, you did kill Kent.” I shook my head. “I have no reason to let you out of here, so on that note, goodbye Aaron.” I took the bowl of blood and began to walk to the door leading out of this prison.
     “Selena!” Aaron yelled. “Let me out of here!” He writhed around in his chair, furious. “I will kill every single one of the people you love and you will be the last one alive and I will make you dink the blood of your loved ones and then I’ll lock you up forever!” I laughed and looked back at him.
     “And how do you plan to do that Aaron? You’re locked up and you’re never getting out.”
     “I will get out and when I do I swear, you will be the one I will torture, you will be to me as Jesse was to Dedrick and I will make you suffer!” I half smiled.
     “Well, I’ll start worrying when you get out.” I said cockily. He glared at me and I reached for the door.
     “Selena! Let me out of here!” He screamed. I ignored him and walked out of the room with Aaron’s menacing threats echoing in the back of my mind.







Chapter 8

     Lapis laid curled up on the floor in this room. I closed and locked the door behind myself and he stood up and stared at me.
     “Aaron said to find a Brooke Aspin, he thinks Jesse will have gone to her.”
     “And who is she?” He wondered. Finally I knew something he didn’t!
     “She’s Nichole’s cousin.” He nodded slowly.
     “Ok, ok, well my people are watching you so they heard all of that, thank you.” He said sincerely. I half smiled.
     “So you guys never even thought about watching Nichole?” Lapis chuckled.
     “We didn’t know that Jesse was going to be an important person in the big picture, believe it or not, we can’t see the future.”
     “Then how did you know I was coming?” The follettos really confused me.
     “We were told.” 
     “By who?” I interrogated. He shook his head.
     “Never mind what business isn’t yours.” I smiled and crossed my arms.
     “I annoy you, don’t I?” He smiled and shook his head.
     “No, I enjoy your company, however, I can’t answer all of the questions you have because not all knowledge is your’s to know.” I nodded slowly and we were silent. “I’m sorry for all of this,” Lapis began a minute later, “I know it’s hard for you.” I shook my head and sank down to the floor.
     “I’m fine, it really doesn’t bother me.” Lapis shook his head and came and sat by me.
     “I think it does bother you. I think you’re trying to convince yourself that you don’t care what happens to Jesse for Alex’s sake.” I looked at him, hating how he knew what I was thinking. “So, why don’t you tell me what you really think.” He suggested. I sighed and looked at him.
     “I hate him. He’s lied to me so many times, first about Nichole and then about Alex’s tracker and Alex thinks he knew exactly what was happening when I cut open my hand and fed him my blood.” Lapis nodded.
     “I’m sure he did, you see, people know when we’re doing wrong, the struggle is admitting it to ourselves. Jesse, and this is just what I think, but he thinks the bad things like lying and tricking you, he believes it isn’t bad. He believes it isn’t bad because his intentions are good.”
     “How is not saving Alex and keeping him with Dedrick good?” 
     “And how is loving you and trying to keep you safe bad?” He retorted. I sighed.
     “It’s not bad.” I mumbled.
     “And him putting Alex in danger wasn’t good. There are two sides to every story Selena. Jesse once told you he isn’t good at multitasking, well, he’s not. He is the type of guy that focuses on one thing at a time. With Nichole, he was so focused on how you would react if you knew Dedrick would hurt you if you loved him that he never really stopped to think how you would react if you didn’t know. Alex’s tracker incident, he was so focused on winning you over that he never stopped to think that Alex might be in serious danger. And, for the blood bond, he was so focused on how that would affect you two that he never stopped to think if it was meant for you two. Do you understand?” He hoped. I frowned and nodded.
     “Yes.” 
     “Jesse is not a bad man Selena, he has a very pure heart and he loves with all of it. His intentions were never to hurt you, he was just being selfish in a way.” We sat there and then I looked down at him with a torn gaze.
     “I say I hate him Lapis but that makes me a liar. I don’t hate him, I don’t love him, but I don’t hate him. And it kills me because there’s this stupid part of me that won’t let him go. Why won’t it? I am beyond happy right now, I love Alex, a lot. However, deep, deep down I don’t want to let Jesse go.” Lapis nodded.
     “Perhaps it’s not just Jesse, I mean if you say no more and you walk away, do you think Jenn will come with you? She’s his sister and she loves him. You can’t lose Jesse without losing her because they’re family. It’s hard Selena, but you need to come to that decision of what’s more important. If you spend your whole life worrying about the things you can’t and don’t have, you’re going to lose all of the things that you do have.” I sat there and let his words sink in. I could keep holding on to Jesse and Jenn and Scott, but that could ultimately cause me to lose Alex and nothing was worth that, nothing.
     “This is just a personal thought,” Lapis began, “but I think you and Alex have a great future ahead of yourselves. You have each other, Carly and Dan are having their baby, you have the pack, a family, you have a lot in store for you, but Jesse isn’t a part of any of that.”
     When we were done talking, I stood up and picked up Lapis. I climbed up the ladder, holding him in one arm like a baby and then I set him on the ground outside and climbed out of the hatch. I then closed it behind myself and shifted. I pushed the boulder back over the hatch and then I shifted back. I had a jacket wrapped around my waist, so I took it off. I wrapped it under and around Lapis so it was like a harness and then I shifted and picked up the jacket by the part I had tied together. I did this so I could run fast without worrying about Lapis flying off my back. 
     As I ran back to New York City, Lapis talked, of course I couldn’t talk back, but I listened. He told me a lot about his life. I was surprised to find out that the basics were… normal. He had a mom a dad and a sister, granted he was over three hundred years old, but considering Jesse was one hundred something, age didn’t bother me.
     He explained to me a lot what a folletto did, he knew that’s what I was confused about so I guess he decided that was ok for me to know. The follettos had the ability to control the elements of fire, water, air and life. Life was the most confusing to me. I guess they were unable to control the earth, it was too strong, but, they were able to control plants and animals, that’s what the life leganti did.
     We got back to the hotel around ten. I was extremely hesitant to go up to our room, I knew Alex was gonna be angry with me. And, depending on Scott’s state, Jenn might not care or she might be ten times more angry than Alex. I slid into the back alley, set Lapis down and I shifted to normal. I then untied the jacket and wrapped it around him. There was no way they would let cats or dogs into the hotel so I highly doubted they’d let me in if they saw me carrying a fox.
     I held Lapis in my arms so it looked like I was carrying a thick jacket and I walked inside. I went straight to the elevator and I went inside. I hit the button that would take me to our floor and then I sighed.
     “Alex is gonna be mad.” I whispered.
     “No, he won’t be mad, just upset.” Like that would make me feel better. When off the elevator, I walked to my suite door and I took a deep breath in and knocked. A second later was the moment of shame, the moment Alex opened the door. I studied his facial expressions, he went from nervous to relieved and then to angry.
     “Where the hell have you been?” He asked sounding more scared than anything. I bit my lip and walked inside. Alex shut the door behind me and then he looked at me. “Well?” He urged. I sighed. 
     “Alex I’m so sorry.” 
     “Sorry? Selena, you were gone for three hours, I thought…” He paused, not wanting to finish that thought.
     “Thought what?” I wondered. He sighed and shook his head. 
     “Nothing, come here.” He held out his arms and wrapped them around me. “You scared me.” He said as he kissed my head. I felt horrible now and wished I would have just told him. “Where did you go?” He asked as he let me go. I frowned and looked at Lapis who was still wrapped up in the jacket. 
     “I uh, I have to show you something, er, someone.” 
     “Someone?” He questioned as I set Lapis down on the floor. I knelt down and unwrapped the jacket and Lapis hopped out, happy to be out of the jacket. Alex took a step back as he stared at Lapis.
     “Selena, what the…” I shook my head. 
     “It’s ok, it’s not a real fox.” I reassured. Alex looked down at Lapis and then he looked back at me.
     “You’re right, he’s a cat.” He said sarcastically. I giggled and shook my head. 
     “No, it’s Lapis.” Alex looked back at him and studied him for a moment.
     “The fairy?” I shook my head.
     “He’s not a fairy.” Alex nodded.
     “I know… how is he here, I thought Aaron killed him.” I looked at Lapis. 
     “Explain it to him.” I said like he had no other option.
     “Selena I…” 
     “You’re better at explaining stuff.” I said interrupting him.
     “Selena, he can’t hear me.” I stared at Lapis, confused. 
     “What?”
     “You’re the only one that can hear me.”
     “How?” I wondered.
     “I’ll tell you what, I’ll explain later, but you should explain things to Alex so he doesn’t think you’re crazy.” I looked up right away, now remembering Alex was still here. I blushed, he probably thought I was insane talking to myself. He did look a little confused.
     “I swear I’m not crazy.” Alex smiled and shook his head. 
     “Even if you were I wouldn’t judge.” He teased. I half smiled and then I explained to him everything. 
     It only took about ten minutes for the whole Lapis thing. Alex nodded his head.
     “So Lapis is here because he thinks Jesse’s in danger?” I nodded.
     “Yes.”
     “Ok, but that doesn’t explain where you were. Did you guys look for Jesse for three hours or what?” I bit my lip, knowing that this part would upset him. 
     “I uh, Lapis’ family and his people, they don’t know where Jesse went.” Alex nodded.
     “Right.”
     “So, Lapis asked me to ask somebody where he might have gone.” Alex stared at me suspiciously.
     “And that someone is?” He hinted.
     “Aaron.” I said, being careful to not make eye contact with him.
     “Selena!” Alex scolded. “What the hell were you thinking?” He asked harshly. “You can’t just run off whenever and go have tea parties with people who have tried to kill you in the past.” I nodded.
     “I know, but I owed Lapis a favor.” That was the best excuse I had. Alex shook his head in disaproval.
     “You should have told me, I would have come with you if I would have known.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, but Aaron wouldn’t have told me everything that he did tell me if you were there.” Alex sighed and moved his hand up to his face. He rubbed his eyes in frustration and then I explained to him everything Aaron had told me, not about his past, but about Nichole.
     Twenty minutes later, when I was done explaining, Alex was no longer frustrated, just more curious as to how I got Aaron to tell me all of that. When we were done with the Aaron topic his attention went back to Lapis. He asked a few random questions and then he looked over at him.
     “Can you even hear me?” He asked sounding curious. Lapis nodded, causing Alex to half smile. I didn’t think Lapis answering questions was weird but then again I could talk to him. Alex on the other hand, he couldn’t hear Lapis talk so he would probably always think of him as more of an animal than anything. We stared at Lapis for a while before I remembered Scotty and Jenn. I looked at Alex with a now worried face. 
     “How’s Scott is he ok? How about Jenn?” I said too quickly for most people to understand. Alex held his hands out in front of himself, assuring me that they were ok.
     “Jenn left maybe thirty minutes ago to feed, she got worse so I made her go.”
     “And Scott?” I was really worried for him.
     “He’s still unconscious, it could take hours for him to come around, but he’s alright.” I nodded and sighed. We sat there for a minute before Alex decided to move. He took a step toward the kitchen and he looked back at me. 
     “I’m gonna make some dinner, what do you feel like?” He asked. I shook my head.
     “Whatever’s fine, thanks.” He nodded and looked at Lapis. 
     “Does uh, does Lapis need food or what?” I looked down at him and he shook his head.
     “I’ll eat anything, I can eat dog food, but I doubt you have any of that.” I shook my head. 
     “No, but we can buy some.” I offered. He nodded and I looked at Alex.
     “He says he can eat dog food so we might need to buy some.” Alex nodded and sighed. 
     “Ok, um, I’ll just cook up some steak and he can have at it.” I nodded. 
     “Alright.” Alex smiled at me and left for the kitchen. When he had left, I looked back at Lapis. “Why can’t he hear you?” I accused as if this was Lapis’ fault.
     “Remember back in the mountain when I showed you the kit’s dead mother?” I nodded.
     “Yeah.”
     “And do you remember how you told about your parents dying?” I nodded again.
     “Yes.”
     “Well, you shared that personal information with me and I made a connection. Before you made that connection with me, I couldn’t talk to you, but after you made the connection, it allowed you to hear me.”
     “But I heard my name being called, I just figured it was you.” I muttered. He shook his head.
     “No, you were tired and hungry and…”
     “Crazy, I was going crazy.” He didn’t reply but nodded a little. I stood there and looked at him, an ingenious plan entering my mind.
     “Well, why don’t you just do you connection thing to Alex?” He chuckled and shook his head. 
     “It’s a single person thing. I can’t talk to you and Alex, I have to pick one person. If I ever wanted to speak with someone else, I would have to focus on them and then they’d have to open up to me and tell me something personal, after they do that then they can hear me speaking to them. If I wanted to talk to Alex, I could, but the second I made that connection with him, it would fall off of you.” I frowned and nodded.
     “Are you gonna leave or what are you planning on?”
     “I intend on staying here, my people have figured out everything they need to know and I would like to stay with you for a while.”
     “What’s it like, I mean, can you hear them when you’re in this form or can you talk to them?” Lapis shook his head. 
     “When I’m in the body of an animal, I’m cut off from my people. The only things I hear, see, smell, feel and taste, it’s all here. It’s like I’m a normal animal.” 
     “Yeah, a normal animal who can talk.” I joked. He half smiled. “How can you get back to your people, can you choose to leave this form or what?” He shook his head.
     “The only way I can get back to my home is if the animal I’m in is killed. I can’t get out of the animal, but the bond between us is broken when death occurs. When the bond is broken, that’s when I’m sent back to my body. You see, it’s hard to explain, but my soul or spirit is bound to the animal’s body. Animals don’t have souls, that’s how I can inhabit their bodies. We can’t do this to people because humans already have souls.”
     “So that’s how you can control the fox?” He nodded.
     “Yes.”
     “And what happens to your body?” I wondered. He shook his head.
     “My family put me in a room where my body will remain until I return to it. The body almost goes into a comatose, however, it doesn’t need anything. It doesn’t need food or water, it just rests.”
     “So it’s just like your body is taking a really long nap.” He nodded.
     “Exactly.”
     “Well then what happens if…” I stopped talking only because I saw a silhouette in the corner of my eye. I looked at the silhouette and saw Scotty. I smiled at him, overjoyed to see him up.
     “Hey!” I said as I took a step toward him. He took a defensive step back though. I froze, remembering that he wasn’t human any more.
     “Where am I?” He questioned. 
     “You’re back at the hotel.” He stared at me like I was crazy.
     “What hotel are we at?” He asked. I stared at him with a nervous expression on my face.
     “It’s the one you’ve been staying at for days Scotty.” He frowned and looked me over.
     “Who are you?” He asked, as he stared at me. 
     “Scott, it’s Selena.” He shook his head and breathed in. He shook his head again. 
     “What happened and what’s that smell?” He sounded like he was in pain. I now remembered all of the blood on his shirt from earlier. I took in a deep breath and held still. 
     “Scott, you were shot, Jenn injected her venom into you and turned you.” He looked confused as hell. 
     “Who is Jenn, who are you people?” He asked, a little louder than he had intended. I shook my head and Alex walked out of the kitchen with a steak for Lapis on a plate. He immediately froze and looked at Scott and then he shook it off and set the plate down on a coffee table.
     “Hey, are you alright, we were worried for you.” Scott looked from me to Alex and then back to me. 
     “Selena,” Lapis said, trying to keep calm, “you and Alex need to go, now.” He urged. I looked at Alex and he looked at me. My eyes told him everything, but we were both still hesitant. 
     “Scott, are you ok?” Alex asked. Scott quickly looked from me to Alex. 
     “No! My my whole body is burning, and the smell, what is the smell?” He yelled. Instantly, he looked down at his shirt and he took a deep breath in, smelling the blood and then he looked at me and Alex and he took a step forward. His eyes were very dark and he had black and purple circles under them, the same as Aaron’s eyes, he was thirsty.
     “Go!” Lapis yelled. 
     “Alex go.” I demanded as I began to run to the door. Alex followed behind me and I yanked the door open and shifted. Alex did the same. 
     As we began to run down the hallway, we saw Scott burst out of the room and he looked around and saw us and began to follow us.
     “What’s wrong with him?” I asked Alex as we rounded a corner.
     “I don’t know.” He murmured. I looked back at Scott, he was still chasing us. “He’s thirsty Selena, so we can’t let him get downstairs to the lobby.” I nodded and we ran to the stairs. Alex made me go in front of him as we ran up the stairs. I was trying my hardest not to trip because Scott was right behind us. “What happened to him when he woke up?” Alex asked, sounding just the slightest bit panicked. I shook my head. 
     “I don’t know, he woke up and couldn’t remember anything, not me, not you, not Jenn.” When we were almost at the top of the stairs, I saw the door leading out to the roof with a lock on it. Alex ran up to my side and we slammed into it, knocking it off it’s hinges. We then ran onto the roof and looked back behind ourselves. It was pitch black up here and we could still see the irrevocable thirst in Scott’s eyes. Alex and I ran around trying to figure out what to do. If we went downstairs he’d smell the human blood and go after them but if we stayed up here and he caught us we could very easily be his first meal.
     As we ran, I made a mistake because it was so dark. I tripped on something and I fell back and crashed into Alex. I landed on top of him and right away, Scott was on top of me, pinning me on top of Alex. Alex squirmed underneath me, trying to get up. 
     “Crap!” Alex thought angrily. Right after he said that, I felt a pair of razor sharp fangs sink into my side and we both yipped in pain. The worst part was, I shifted to human form involuntarily. I screamed as Scott ripped his fangs out of me. Alex, still stuck under us, snarled at Scott and when Scott lunged at my throat, Alex bit Scott’s face, stopping him from biting me by just an inch. I gasped in fear as Alex slid out from under me and bit Scott again. Alex’s fangs wouldn’t penetrate Scott’s skin though, it was like biting iron. Alex again lunged for Scott, and before I could think of shifting, Scott threw Alex back and he fell on top of me, crushing a few of my ribs. I screamed in pain and Alex yipped and Scott tried to bite into Alex. I shifted and bit Scott, he snarled at me and Alex kicked him back. Alex got off of me and I hopped up and we began to run again.
     “What the hell is this?” I yelled. Alex shook his head.
     “I don’t know, how come we can’t bite him?” Alex sounded annoyed. “Are you ok?” He asked. I nodded.
     “Yeah, what about y…” Before I could finish my sentence, Scott caught the back of Alex’s leg and Alex tripped forward. I quickly turned around and Scott bit into Alex’s shoulder and Alex shifted to human form. Feeling a small adrenaline rush, I angrily jumped at Scott and bit his neck despite the pain in my shoulder. He screamed in pain, when we bit him, it hurt him, but for some reason our saliva still wasn’t penetrating his skin. I knocked Scotty back and Alex shifted back to human form. Scott, now really angry, threw me off of himself and I blinked and he was by Alex. He picked up Alex and tossed him down the stairs, sending Alex tumbling back. In another blink, Scott was over me and he bit into my neck. I yipped and then I was in human form. I felt my blood being drained from my body as I pounded at Scott’s face.
     “Scotty stop!” I screamed at him, but he didn’t listen.
     “Scott!” Someone yelled. He ripped his fangs from me and he looked over at the source of the yell. The moment he looked over his shoulder, I saw a pipe swing through the air and hit him in the face sending him flying back across the rooftop. Jenn was then standing over him with the pipe held to his throat so that he couldn’t move his head. “What the hell is your problem?” She asked, seemingly sorry she had hit him. I stood up and looked over at the stairs. Alex was standing at the top of them, staring at Jenn and Scott. His eyes flashe to mine and he ran up to me. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my head.
     “Are you ok?” He asked nervously. I nodded and we both looked back over at Scott. He was laying on the ground and Jenn was over him with the pipe held to his throat still. His eyes gradually went back to their normal color and then he took a deep breath in and looked at Jenn.
     “Jenn.” He muttered. She bit her lip, wanting to let him up, but fighting the urges. Scott then looked over at me and Alex.
     “Alex, Selene.” He said as he pushed against Jenn. Unwillingly, she stepped back and then Scott was in front of us. Alex and I took a small step back but he seemed normal now. Scott looked at the blood covering us and then he pressed his fingers to his lips, realizing what he had done. “I’m so sorry.” He croaked. “I’m sorry.” He repeated again and again. I frowned, let go of Alex and then I wrapped my arms around him. 
     “Hey, it’s ok, we’re fine.” Scott was breathing hastily like he was having a panic attack. Jenn looked from him to Alex.
     “What happened?” She asked, more freaked out than Alex and I were.
     “I don’t know.” Alex whispered. She looked from Alex to Scott.
     “Are you ok?” She asked as I let go of him. He looked at her with terrified eyes and I could tell that her heart broke a little bit. “Hey, it’s fine.” She said as she walked up to him and embraced him. I saw her eyes turn silver and a small tear fell from her eye and landed on Scott’s shirt.
     A few minutes later, Jenn looked at me.
     “Selena, what…” I shook my head.
     “I don’t know, he just came out of the room and he didn’t remember who he was or who we were or what had happened. It was like he had amnesia or something.” Jenn’s frown widened and she looked at Scott who still looked terrified.
     “How are you now Scott, are you ok?” She sounded hopeful but he shook his head, killing that hope.
     “It hurts.” He said quietly. 
     “What hurts?” Alex questioned. 
     “Everything, my throat my lungs everything burns.” Jenn stared at him, not knowing what to do. Finally, after a few silent moments, Jenn looked around the rooftop and nodded.
     “We need to go before people get here.” We nodded and she took Scott’s hand and began to lead him back to the room. Alex and I both shifted and healed up and then we shifted back and went to the suite.
     When Alex and I arrived at the room, Jenn and Scott were sitting on the couch and Jenn was checking his throat and face and any other place Alex and I had bitten him. Those areas were red and irritated but otherwise unharmed. We shut the door behind ourselves and then Jenn looked at Lapis who was crawling out from under the couch. 
     “What the…” I shook my head and held out my hands. 
     “It’s ok, he’s mine.” I reassured. Jenn shook her head and wore an expression that said, “Whatever.” Alex looked at Scott and then he looked at Jenn. 
     “Why does he need blood already Jenn?” He asked. She shook her head as she stared off into space. 
     “I don’t know. He shouldn’t need blood until the next full moon, but he does.”
     “And when he bit into us,” I began, “we shifted to human form. It’s like we were touched by silver, wh…” She shook her head again, interrupting me.
     “I don’t know, I don’t know anything about hybrids ok. I made the decision to turn Scott because I didn’t want him to die.” She sighed and looked at Alex. “I know nothing about them. There’s maybe one hundred worldwide, it’s hard enough to find a werewolf but to find a half werewolf half vampire…” She shook her head and looked down. “I need to find someone, anyone who can tell me what to expect.” Jenn looke away from us and to Scott with very serious eyes. “Scott, you need to feed so you need to make a choice. I already explained how the blood diet works so you need to pick animal or human.” He sat there, still seemingly in shock and he thought over his options for a few minutes. When he had decided, he looked at her with a regretful frown on his face.
     “I don’t want to burn in the sun.” He said as if he was the cruelest person in the world. Jenn nodded and stood up. She took his hand and he stood up. Jenn looked back at me and Alex.
     “I’ll be back tomorrow morning, stay here, please.” We nodded and she left with Scott, closing the door behind herself. 
     Alex and I stood there for a few minutes before I wanted to break the silence. I looked at him and let out a long, drawn out sigh. Alex looked at me, his facial expression indacted he was willing to listen.
     “Alex, we need to leave.” I whispered. He frowned.
     “Selena, Scott’s gonna be fine, he’s better now so…” I shook my head.
     “No, it’s not Scott, Alex. I uh, I was talking to Lapis earlier and he thought it was hard for me with Jesse being gone. Well I told him that I wasn’t upset about it but, there’s still this little part of me that doesn’t want to let go of them.”
     “Them?” I nodded and slid down to the floor. Alex sat down by me and he put his arm around me and kissed my forehead.
     “To lose Jesse, Alex, I have to lose Jenn too and to lose Jenn I lose Scotty. I love you more than them though so I have to leave. We just, we need to go home or something, I just need to get back to normal.” Alex nodded.
     “Baby, you don’t have to leave them. If you’re doing it because you’re worried about me, don’t do it. I’m not upset or anything, in fact, I think I’ve been the happiest I’ve been in a while this past week. Also, I don’t mind that you want Jesse to come back.” He said sounding honest. “He was your friend, Jenn’s your friend, you loved him. I know that you don’t any more, I wouldn’t have asked you to marry me if you did. I would have waited until you told me you were over him or I would have, begrudgingly, let him have you. I just want you to be happy so if being here makes you happy, then we shouldn’t go.” I considered his words, I thought about staying but there was a small voice telling me to go… maybe it was just Lapis from the corner of the room. I looked up at Alex and I shook my head.
     “I want to go home very badly, Alex, but I feel like I owe them. Jesse and Jenn, they’ve helped us and taken care of us so much.”
     “Babe, Jesse did all the things he did for you as a favor or a kind act, you don’t owe him anything.” I shook my head.
     “What about Jenn?” I questioned. “She’s done so much for me so to just leave would…” 
     “Give her time to figure out her life. You found Scott, she loves him. Right now she probably just needs time to figure things out. She needs to find out about Scott and know what’s ahead of her. She has a lot she needs to do so I think if we left, it wouldn’t be her first concern. I don’t see her wanting anything in return from you.” I half smiled and nodded. “And as for Jesse,” Alex began a second later, “you can’t pay back someone who left, he left so we can’t pay him back or do anything for him. Jesse needs to figure out his life just as much as Jenn and Scott do. Nichole’s back and that’s got to be hard for him. You need to understand that they almost got married, I can’t imagine almost getting married and then having my fianceé die, but, to top that off, it turns out that she never did die. I can only guess that Jesse feels hurt because she never came back for him, angry because of that same reason and he’s probably wondering how she did it. Now I know you went to Aaron, but Jesse didn’t, he might not know everything you do. I don’t know if he figured anything out yet but if he hasn’t he’s probably frustrated, and even if he did he’s still probably frustrated.” Alex sighed and looked at me with a more intense gaze. “Sometimes it’s the people we know need our help the most, those are the people that don’t always want it. If Jesse wanted anything in return or if he wanted help, he would have asked us, but he didn’t so he needs to figure this out on his own. I know that it’s hard to just leave him but he doesn’t want our help.” Alex stared at me with somewhat of an expectant gaze, wondering if I understood what he was saying. I did, and I knew he was right.
     “You’re right.” I said softly. Alex smiled and nodded, happy that I understood.
     “Now, as for what we are going to do, I know you wanted to see your grandmother. Why don’t we just talk to Jenn, tell her our plans and then go? We’ll go spend a week with your grandma and then we can head back to the pack and we’ll take it from there.” I smiled and looked at him.
     “Well, so long as you don’t mind spending a week with my grandma.” He smiled and shrugged.
     “I’d like you to be able to see her.” He admitted. I smiled at him and gave him a kiss on the lips and then we stood up.
     “I’ll talk to Jenn tomorrow.” I promised. “I’ll tell her that we want to go and we’ll take it from there.” Alex nodded and gave me a half hug.
     “Alright, now, I’m gonna go start making our food so we can eat.” I just remembered what was going on before we had left. I looked at the coffee table, the steak was still there. I then looked around for Lapis.
     “Lapis.” I mumbled. He was laying on the couch patiently.
     “Yes?” He asked. Alex nodded at me.
     “I’ll be back, I’ll just let you two talk. Will you give him the steak?” I nodded and then Alex left to the kitchen. I picked up the plate and I walked over to Lapis. I set the plate on the floor and he hoped off the couch and he began to eat the food.
     “Are you ok?” I asked, making sure Scott hadn’t stepped on him or something. He nodded and swallowed some of the meat.
     “I’m fine, I was more worried about you guys. I wanted to come and help but…” I nodded. 
     “Yeah, you’re really scary.” I teased. He half smiled and then he began to eat again. “Can I aske you something?” I hoped. He nodded. “Well, why did you choose a fox? Out of all the animals you could have chosen, why a fox?” He swallowed some more of the food and then he looked at me.
     “Well, back in the woods, I had to choose an animal that you wouldn’t run from, for example, if I chose a bear you wouldn’t have come anywhere near me. However, I also had to pick an animal that you wouldn’t ignore, if I would have picked a squirrel you wouldn’t have paid any mind to me. On top of that, I chose the fox because of it’s dead family. I needed something to make the connection with you and me showing you it’s family caused you to reach out and tell me about your family.” I nodded and another question entered into my head.
     “Out of everyone your people could have sent to help me, why did they send you?” He nodded as if this was a question he had been preparing himself for.
     “Well, I wanted to go when you were in the woods, I offered myself up. My family didn’t like this because you can say my family is… well, we’re almost like leaders in a way, but never mind that. I wanted to go so I did.”
     “Why did you want to come?” I asked. He paused, thinking over what he wanted to say.
     “I was the folletto that was assigned to watch you, in a way, I’ve known you since you were born. So when you were in the woods and needed help I felt responsible and I wanted to help you. However, the second time I came was because I feel a connection or a pull. It’s a pulling feeling like someone has wrapped a rope around me and is pulling me to you with all of their strength. Now, to my people, this connection happens very rarely. Once and a while, a folletto will develop a connetion with a human, the human won’t feel the connection, but the folletto does. If we don’t persue the person to which we are being drawn to, if we stay in our realm and pretend like nothing is wrong, our magic will slowly begin to drain. It drains because we’re being pulled or drawn to the human but we don’t want to go to them so our magic is slowly being pulled out of us. If we lose all of our magic, we cannot survive in our realm and we are forced to go to Earth, and once we’ve lost all of our magic and are on Earth, we cannot return home.” I frowned and shook my head.
     “What, so you’re just gonna have to leave your home?” I was a little upset about this, but Lapis shook his head, resuring me that this wasn’t the case.
     “No, I won’t have to leave, I’m with you right now in this form so that pull isn’t strong any more. However, when you leave for long periods of time, it gets very strong and when I feel it getting strong, that’s when my magic is slowly being drained from me.” 
     “Is it me that’s causing this connection?” He didn’t shake or nod his head, indicating that he wasn’t quite sure.
     “I don’t know if it’s you, it feels like it’s you but even when I’m with you I still feel a little pull. When we’re with the human that we’re drawn to, we shouldn’t feel the pull.”
     “Well, what does that mean?” I inquired.
     “I don’t know, I’m afraid I can’t answer that question.”
     “Hmm, well, do you just have to stay here in that form until it goes away?” I hoped. He shook his head.
     “When we feel this pull Selena, we eventually don’t want to stay in our realm. When we find the source of the connection, we want to be with the human that’s drawing us to them. When we leave our realm to be with the human, we are called guardians. So, if I have to leave my realm to be on Earth with you, I would be your guardian.”
     “And what exactly is that?” I asked, really confused.
     “We have a very strong bond with the human and we protect them, love them, be their friend. Our name is pretty self explanatory, ‘guardian’, we guard the human in a sense. We do for them whatever they need us to do, if you’re dying of thirst we would search for water for you. We love the person that we connect to, becoming a guardian is a folletto’s strongest form of love.” I sighed.
     “But you have to do stuff for us, isn’t it like being a slave?” He shook his head.
     “No, we love doing the things we do for our person because it’s what they want or need and we want what they want.” I felt really bad, I didn’t want him to leave his family and come here because of me.
     “I’m so sorry.” I croaked. Lapis stared at me with a confused expression. 
     “Why are you sorry?” He wondered.
     “Because you’re going to have to leave your family.” He frowned and shook his head.
     “It’s not ideal at the time, but like I said, by the time the source of the connection becomes clear I’ll want to be here.” I frowned and he finished the rest of his food. 
     When Lapis was done eating, he got back onto the couch without another word and he fell asleep. When he was asleep I picked up the plate and went into the kitchen. Alex was just finishing up dinner. I threw the paper plate into the trash and then Alex set our food on the table. We both sat down and began to eat.
     “It’s so weird hearing you talk to Lapis but not hearing him say anything. What’s he like?” Alex asked. I half smiled and shrugged.
     “He’s smart, and he’s emotionless sometimes. He’s really nice but he won’t always take my side in arguments. He likes people to see both sides of the story before they judge.” Alex chuckled.
     “He sounds great.” He joked. I smiled and we continued eating our food, talking as we did so. I told him what Lapis had told me about the connection and he didn’t quite know how to respond to that.
     “So what,” he began, “he has a crush on you?” Alex sounded sarcastic, but I knew the seriousness was in there somewhere. I shook my head.
     “No, not really. He said when follettos bond with humans like this, the folletto is called a guardian.”
     “So he’s like Selena’s Secret Service.” He joked. I laughed and nodded. 
     “Sure.”
     “Well, so long as it’s just that, because I can’t make time in my schedual to share you.” I smiled and gave him a kiss. I pulled back and took another bite of my food. Alex moved his hand to my neck and shook his head. “You’re a mess.” He said as he stroked dry blood on my neck. I pointed at his shoulder where Scott had bitten him.
     “You are too.” He half smiled a wicked little grin. “What?” I questioned. He stood up and I watched as he approached my chair. He picked me up and I giggled. “What are you doing?” I asked as he carried me out of the kitchen, holding me like I was a baby. “I’m not done eating you know.” I informed him. He laughed and shook hid head. 
     “Well Selena, we are going to take a shower because apparently we’re both messy and need one.”
     “We’re huh?” He nodded.
     “We’re conserving water one shower at a time.” He joked. I laughed and we entered the bathroom. He set me down and I stood there and watched him as he locked the door. I felt the slightest hint of butterflies enter my system as he did this. Alex walked up to me and he stroked my cheek with the side of his hand. I closed my eyes as he did so, it felt good. A moment later his hand stopped stroking my cheek and his lips were on mine. The butterflies were now on full charge and they were racing through me. Alex kissed me and wrapped his arms around me and I wrapped mine around him. We continued to kiss one another and Alex put his right hand around my waist and lifted me up. I wrapped my legs around him and he slowly began to make his way to the shower. When at the shower, we stopped kissing, took a few breaths, began to strip, started the shower and, well, that was that.





















Chapter 9

     Today is Sunday, June 10th. Around ten a.m. Alex and I woke up and went to make some breakfast. We were in the kitchen cooking food and Lapis was sitting on one of the chairs watching us. He was really cute, I almost forgot he wasn’t really a fox. Alex and I spent most of our time talking about the events of last night, Scott’s attacking us I mean. We discussed possibilities of why he had forgotten his memory. Of course Lapis knew everything but apparently he ‘couldn’t tell us.’ 
     We ate our food and then we watched TV until about twelve, that’s when there was a knock on the door. I was up before Alex could even turn his head. I ran over to the door, unlocked it and opened it. The second it was open, Jenn came barging in and she angrily walked over to the couch and sat down by Alex. He sat up straight and looked at her. Scott entered right behind her and I closed the door. Scotty stood by me, he looked exhausted and sick.
     “What’s wrong?” Alex asked, a little nervous. Jenn was glaring at the wall but she looked away from it and stared at Alex. 
     “The blood’s not working!” She exclaimed.
     “What do you mean it’s not working?” I questioned. She looked at me and shrugged.
     “I fed him three people, it did nothing so I thought, let’s try animal blood, I fed him a dog, two cats, I even fed him a damn pigeon, nothing is working!” She looked from me to Scott and then she stared at him for a minute, I could tell she was really stressed. She stared at him and then she shook her head and looked back at me. 
     “Can I talk to you for a minute please?” I nodded and followed her back into her room, Lapis followed us curiously. She closed the door behind us and then she looked at me.
     “Selena, Scott’s dying. The human blood he drank, it’s doing nothing, he says it tastes gross, it’s not like normal blood, it tastes sour. The animal blood was the same, I had him drink it anyway, just to be safe and it didn’t do anything. He needs blood but none of it is working.” I stared at her, becoming equally nervous.
     “Selena.” Lapis muttered as he hopped up onto the bed. I looked at him.
     “What?”
     “My family, they didn’t want me telling you anything but you need to know some stuff so I’ll tell you one thing.” I nodded.
     “What is it?” I asked. Jenn looked confused.
     “Are you talking to the dog?” She wondered. I shook my head.
     “He’s a fox, not a dog and yes I am. Give me a minute.” She stared at me like I was crazy but she let it go.
     “Scott cannot survive off of human or animal blood.” Lapis stated. I nodded.
     “Yeah, we got that, but we need to know what he can survive off of.”
     “Hybrids need to drink shape shifter or vampire blood.”
     “But vampire blood is human blood, technically.” I argued. He shook his head.
     “Vampires drink human blood and then their venom alters it, it’s not human blood.”
     “Why can they only drink those two blood types?” I wondered. Lapis shook his head. 
     “Help Scott now, ask questions later, ok.” I nodded and looked back at Jenn. Her mouth was hanging open about a centimeter and she wore an expression that said, “Selena, you’re a freak.”
     “Jenn, Scott needs vampire or shape shifter blood, I don’t know why, but those are the only two bloods that will help him.” She sat there for a minute and then she nodded.
     “That’s why he attacked you and Alex.” She sighed and then stood up. “The irony is really killing me. I suppose he can have my blood, just so long as it makes him better.”
     “Why is that ironic?” I asked curiously. 
     “All these years I’ve been drinking human blood with no remorse but now, I’m the human and he’s the vampire, poetic, isn’t it?” She asked in a sarcastic manner. I half smiled and she walked over to the door. “I’ll be back.” The second she was gone, I looked over at Lapis.
     “Why does Scott need vampire or shape shifter blood Lapis?” He sighed and rolled over on his back so that he was staring at the ceiling.
     “Do you know how a purebred werewolf is made?” I shook my head.
     “No.”
     “A female shape shifter has to conceive a child while she has vampire venom in her system.”
     “That’s it?” I asked, thinking this to be rather simple.
     “Well, the child has to be a boy, naturally females can’t inherit these genes, only males.”
     “So a female shifter conceives a male child with vampire venom in her system… how does it happen, the werewolf gene part?”
     “Well, with male children, from the second they are conceived, the shape shifter gene gets implanted in them. If the female shifter has vampire venom in her, that, along with the shifter gene will enter into the child. The shape shifter gene is stronger, thus why he takes on the form of a wolf, but a werewolf has both vampire and shape shifter in him.” I stared at him in amazement.
     “So a werewolf is almost like a crossbreed of a vampire and shifter.” Lapis nodded.
     “So, to get a hybrid, a vampire must bite and inject it’s venom into the werewolf.”
     “Why a vampire, why not a shifter?” I wondered.
     “Well, like I said, the werewolf naturally has more shape shifter in it than vampire. It doesn’t have vampire trates unless it’s in wolf form. Werewolves heal quickly, not like you, but if they break an arm it will be better by the end of the week, that’s because of the shape shifter gene in them. A werewolf has about fifty percent shape shifter and twenty-five percent vampire. When a vampire bites the werewolf and injects it’s venom into it, that’s when the vampire and shape shifter genes even out and become fifty, fifty.”
     “And that’s when a hybrid is made?” Lapis nodded.
     “Yes. Now, when these two genes are evened out, that’s when the hybrid can use both of the gifts. Scott now has everything like a werewolf, shifter and vampire.” I nodded, actually understanding this.
     “Ok, ok, but that doesn’t explain why he needs vampire and shifter blood.” I argued. Lapis sighed in contempt, I could tell he hated disobeying his family by telling me all of this.
     “How is a vampire made Selena?” He inquired.
     “A vampire bites a human and injects it’s venom into the human.” I replied.
     “Ok, and how is a shape shifter made?”
     “A shifter bites a human and injects the gene into them.”
     “So, what is the main ingredient in creating a helper?” 
     “A what?”
     “What’s needed to make a vampire or shape shifter?” I shrugged. 
     “I don’t know, a human?” He nodded and rolled back onto his stomach, now becoming very serious.
     “Exactly! Now, what is needed to make a werewolf?”
     “A human, a vampire and a shifter.”
     “Yes, now a vampire needs human blood because they are made from humans. So a hybrid need vampire or shifter blood because…” He paused, letting me finish.
     “Because they’re made from vampires and shifters.” I said slowly, piecing it together. He nodded.
     “Yes.” He sighed, glad that the explaining was over. “It’s a complex process that was never meant to happen, but it is what it is.”
     “Never meant to happen, what do you mean?” I interrogated. He remained silent so I gave up on that.
     After a few seconds I decided to try and ask him another question.
     “What’s going to happen on the full moon Lapis?” I wondered. He ignored me and laid his head on his paws. “What’s gonna happen?” I repeated.
     “Selena,” he began, trying to be patient with me, “my people, my family, they don’t tell humans things for reasons that I won’t say. I need you to figure all of this out on your own because the more I tell you, the more I’m betraying my family’s trust, would you make me betray my family?” I sighed and shook my head.
     “No.” I muttered.
     “Thank you. Now, Jenn can find out everything she needs to know, she doen’t need me.” I nodded and let it go.
     When our conversation was over, I left for the living room, wanting to check on Jenn. However, she and Scott weren’t here. Alex was sitting on the couch, looking over at the kitchen. He looked over at me and then he looked back at kitchen.
     “I uh, I guess Scott needs Jenn’s blood or something.” Alex mumbled. I nodded. 
     “Yeah, Lapis told me.” He nodded and pat his lap, urging me to come sit with him. I smiled and walked over to him and sat down on his lap. He wrapped his arms around me and he kissed the back of my neck sending a small shiver up my spine. He then laid his head on my shoulder and we waited for Jenn and Scott to come out.
     Several minutes later, they walked out from the kitchen, Jenn had a paper towel held to her wrist. Scott looked better, he looked normal, but Jenn… well, her loss of blood was taking immediate action on her. She had dark circles under her eyes and she was very pale and tired looking.
     “Well,” she croaked, “he’s all better.” She sounded extremely happy. Alex shook his head and I stood up, allowing him to get up as well. 
     “You need to feed Jenn.” Alex urged. She nodded.
     “Yeah, I know, but my… self control at this current time is terrible.”
     “Do you need us to come with you?” I offered. Jenn shook her head.
     “No, I’m gonna take Scott and he’s gonna make sure I don’t kill people… in public. We’ll be back.” She promised. I blinked and she and Scott were gone. Alex and I stood there for a moment before Alex decided it was ok to sit back down. He sat back on the couch and looked at me. 
     “Does Lapis need any food? If he does I can go make him some.” He offered. I paused and shrugged. 
     “I can go ask him really quick.” Alex nodded.
     “I just don’t want to starve the little dude to death.” I chuckled and nodded. 
     “Right, I’ll be back.” Alex nodded and I walked back to Jenn’s room. When at the room, I entered and saw Lapis laying on the bed. “Are you hungry, do you need food?” I asked. He looked at me, stood up, stretched and jumped off of the bed. 
     “Yes.” He said as he began to walk to the kitchen. I turned around and followed him. When we got to the kitchen, he hopped back up onto his chair and he looked at the counter. “What food do you have?” He wondered. I shrugged and walked over to the fridge.
     “Um, we have one steak left, we have some frozen pasta that I can cook up, we have some peanut butter…” He nodded.
     “I’ll eat peanut butter.” He said, I felt bad, it sounded like he was hungry. 
     I grabbed the bread and the peanut butter and I began to make a sandwich.
     “Lapis,” I began, “I’m sorry I ask so many questions, I don’t want you to be mad at me.” He chuckled.
     “I’m not mad at you for asking the questions you ask Selena.” 
     “Well then, on that note, can I just ask one more, please?” He sighed.
     “Alright, what’s your question?”
     “Ok all my life I’ve had… strange dreams. Some of them are weird, like I had one and I saw Dedrick, I had never met him before but I knew exactly what he looked like and then he told me to choose in the dream and that’s what he said in real life. Now, I had a dream a few days ago and I saw… well, I don’t know what I saw. There was a forest and I was in a dress and there was a baby and a kid holding the baby. Then there was this room and there were four groups of people, there were two people per group a male and a female. The people wore weird clothes and the colors were gold, silver, blue and green. Now, they were all surounding a square table and they were talking to each other.”
     “And what were they talking about?” He asked, almost knowing exactly what I was speaking of.
     “They were talking about sending people to help me and my family.”
     “Michelangelo and Isabella?” I nodded.
     “Yes, they were talking about an amulet or something.” Lapis nodded.
     “My people wanted to protect you from the vampires so we chose two follettos strong enough to put the charm on the necklace after they had come to Earth. You remember these people, don’t you?” I thought back really hard to when I was a child…
     My mother looked at my father cautiously, worry flooded her dark green eyes. This worry that was in her face screamed, “Danger.” This danger wasn’t a, “I just set a mouse trap, don’t let the kid go into the garage,” type of danger. No, this danger was one unknown to most mankind, a real danger. 
     I didn’t know what to think when mom and dad were nervous like this, it seemed like this was their normal attitudes though. For months now, they’ve been scared of something, and I don’t know what it is. Unlike me, who is afraid of the dark and fire alarms, mom and dad only got scared of three things, one, when I almost or did get hurt. Two, when either mom or dad got hurt and three, when whatever was happening now, happened. 
     Don’t ask me what’s going on now because I don’t know.
All I know for a fact is that they’ve been meeting weird people lately. These people are different though, they don’t look normal, they look strange. Their eyes are oddly colored and they talk in weird accents, maybe it’s Italian. There’s two people mom and dad have been seeing, a man and a woman. The woman has long, soft looking, brown hair that looks incredibly unreal. It looks like the hair on the girls when you walk down the hair dye isle, soft, silky, perfect. And the man, he has short, blonde hair that any male model would covet. As for the eyes, the woman’s eyes are green and his are blue. Their eyes though, they aren’t normal colors, the colors are more intense than normal, human eyes. Their eyes in a way glow with something, it’s something unnatural…
     As I pieced this together, I looked back at Lapis. 
     “Isabella and Michelangelo, they’re the people who used to come to my house as a child.” Lapis nodded. 
     “Yes. You see, my people sent them and they made the charm for your parents. This charm, it repelled the supernatural, vampires, shape shifter, werewolves and hybrids. They gave it to your parents and then they explained to them how to use it.”
     “That’s how I knew them.” I whispered under my breath.
     “Excuse me?” He asked.
     “I saw them, Michelangelo and Isabella.” Lapis nodded.
     “Oh, I knew that.”
     “I should have figured you did, but anyway, Isabella, she warned me about Nichole and she mentioned Jesse raising a child. She said the child will raise ‘her.’ Now, when I met Isabella, she had a kid, that kid is the one who was in my dream and he was holding a little baby girl. Who’s that girl, the ‘her’ she was speaking of?” 
     “You can never fully understand the importance of you two girls. You needed to kill Dedrick and bring peace to the vampires and shifters, but, the other girl,” he shook his head, “she is very, very important to our people. We need her Selena or we are going to die. Now, why Jesse is so important to us is because he is going to raise a child that is going to protect the girl. Now, if Jesse dies, he won’t raise the boy and if the boy isn’t raised by Jesse, he will never meet the girl and if he doesn’t ever meet her, she’s going to die.” We were both quiet for a minute before Lapis continued speaking. “As for why you have these dreams, our magic is very stong Selena, so when your parents used the charm around you, it transferred some of it’s magic into you. It affects every person differently. With you, it affected your dream state. When you dream, you see things that normal people don’t because of the magic that was transferred into you. I don’t know how you see these things to be honest, like how you knew what Dedrick looked like before you actually met him, I don’t know how you knew that, all I know is that the things you dream, you dream them because of the magic that entered you when your parents used that charm.”
     We were both silent as I finished making Lapis’ food. I gave him two peanut butter sandwiches and then I put a bowl of water on the ground for him. He happily ate the food and drank the water and then he was good.
     When Lapis was fed, he fell asleep on the kitchen floor and I went out and sat with Alex. We watched TV for an hour before Jenn and Scott returned. When they got back, Jenn had a backpack full of stuff, I didn’t know what it was, but I wanted to. I stood up and examined Jenn, she looked a lot better now.
     “What’s in the bag?” I wondered. She nodded and walked into the kitchen, urging me to follow. I went with her and she set the pack on the table and she looked at Lapis.
     “Seriously, what’s up with the dog?” She asked confused.
     “He’s the one who helped me out of the mountains when Aaron took me, he can talk to me but only me. Is there anything else you’d like to know?” I was irritated with her constant questions about him, though I should have been more patient. Jenn stood there and then she shook her head. 
     “No, I’m good.” She muttered as she opened the bag. Inside of it was a bunch of blood bags. I looked from the bags to her.
     “What’s up with this?” I interrogated.
     “Well,” she said as she began loading them into the fridge, “a few things came to my attention earlier.”
     “And those things are?” 
     “Well, one, after Scott drains me I need blood right away. Two, it felt like crap being drained so I don’t really want to do it to people any more. Three, it’s portable.”
     “Portable?” She sighed, hoping I wouldn’t have caught that.
     “Selena, I don’t know anything about hybrids. I want answers and I need them befor the next full moon.” I nodded in understanding. 
     “Right.”
     “And I can’t find answers here, we need to go and find someone. I mean, I would just see what happens, but if Scott’s memory fails again and I can’t control him…” She shook her head not wanting to think about that.
     “Are you going to try and find another hybrid?” I asked. She nodded.
     “Hopefully, yes.” I watched her for a minute as she put all of the blood into the fridge.
     “Jenn.” I whispered, trying to speak louder than I actually had.
     “What’s up?” 
     “Alex and I are going to leave too.” She stared at me, a bit confused but not shocked. “We’re gonna go see my grandmother for a while and then we’re gonna go home.”
     “Too your pack?” I nodded.
     “Yes.” She frowned and sat down at the table. I sat down by her and she stared at me.
     “What made you guys want to leave?” She wondered.
     “Jenn, I originally went with Jesse to find my parents, they’re dead.”
     “But what about Jesse, Selena, he…”
     “Is in Italy.” She stared at me, confused. 
     “Italy, wait did you talk to him?” I shook my head.
     “No, when I was gone, I went and talked to Aaron, he talked to me and told me about Nichole’s past. He said to find a Brooke Aspin.”
     “Brooke, that’s Nichole’s cousin.”
     “Did you know her?” She shook her head.
     “No, Nichole uh, she told me about her once, she’s kind of the outcast of the family.”
     “Why?”
     “Her family sent her off because she was a harlot. If you’re kid’s a prostitute in today’s time, well, I can assure you, people react a lot different than they did back in my time. So, her family disowned her and sent her away.”
     “That sucks.” I tried to be sympathetic but I wasn’t really good at it. “Well, Aaron said to check with her. Do you want me to tell you what he told me?” I asked, trying to save her a little time. She shook her head. 
     “No, I just needed to know where to start looking for Jesse and if I go to Brooke she’ll tell me everything Aaron told you.” I nodded.
     “Is Brooke first priority?” I asked. She shook her head.
     “No, finding my brother can wait, Scott’s my first priority right now. I need to find out everything I can about him.” 
     “Then comes Jesse?” She nodded.
     “Yes, then comes Jesse.” Jenn stood up and she stretched. “Well, Scott and I are going to leave as soon as possible, I think I know of someone who can help us.”
     “Where’s the person?”
     “Well, I made a few calls last night when none of the blood was working for Scott. I wanted to know where a hybrid might be and Dean thought he knew of one he said to check in Kostroma, Russia.” 
     “So you guys will be going there?” 
     “As soon as Dean gets me Scott’s passport. Recluse and I used to be very close partners when I worked for him so you think Dean could make my issues top priority. I guess the apple falls far from the tree.” I half smiled and then Jenn left the kitchen.
     The rest of the day was weird, Alex and I spent our time hanging out with Scott and Jenn made a ton of phone calls to different people. Alex and I were watching Scotty to make sure he was ok, he seemed normal so we kind of just talked and watched TV. Jenn had booked a flight for us to go to Georgia, Alex and I kept telling her that we would pay for it because we had money right now but she insisted on buying them for us. She also booked a flight for Scott and herself. Their flight to Russia left on the thirteenth and Alex and my flight left on the eleventh which was tomorrow.
     Around seven p.m., Jenn was done with everything and could watch Scotty so Alex and I left to go and pack. As we were gathering up our stuff and throwing it into our suitcases, Lapis came trotting into the room. I looked at him and the little thought light bulb turned on in my head. I looked from Lapis to Alex. 
     “Alex, Lapis can’t come on the plane with us, Southwest only allows cats and dogs.” Alex frowned and looked at Lapis.
     “Can’t you come back as another animal like a dog?” Lapis shook his head and looked at me.
     “The fox in the woods was the first animal I bound my spirit to.”
     “So…” I hinted.
     “So, foxes are the only types of animals that I can bind myself to.”
     “That’s why you came back as a fox this time.” I now understood. He nodded causing me to sigh. “Um, I guess I can talk to Jenn, maybe she can have someone take you to the pack, if you’re away from me for a few days will that be bad for you?” Lapis shook his head.
     “No, so long as it’s not over a month. Just try to be back by the end of the week and you’ll be fine.” I nodded and looked at Alex. He nodded at me, urging me to go and talk to Jenn. I left the bedroom and went back to Jenn’s room, Scotty was crashed out on the bed and she was doing something on her phone. 
     “Hey.” I whispered. Jenn looked from her phone to me and then she set it down.
     “What’s up?” I looked over at Scotty for a second and then I looked back at Jenn.
     “He’s sleeping?” Jenn looked over at him and shook her head. 
     “It would appear he can sleep whenever he wants to and I think he still needs human food.” She shook her head again, I could imagine the questions flooding her mind right now. “Anyway, what’s up?” I shook my head, regaining focus.
     “Um, I know this sounds stupid, but Lapis can’t come on the plane with us.” 
     “Lapis… the fox?” She wondered. I nodded. She sat there for a moment, tapping her fingers on her leg. “Um,” she muttered, “I suppose I can have someone bring him to you in Georgia.”
     “Well, I’d have that done, but we have the plane ride back to our pack.” She nodded.
     “I can have someone bring him to your pack, if you’d like.” I nodded.
      “Am I a terrible friend for asking you this?” She giggled and shook her head.
     “Not in the slightest, how often do you come across talking foxes that only you can hear?” I smiled.
     “Talking foxes are second to the talking squirels.” I joked. She nodded, humored.
     “Right, you’ll do well to keep that to yourself.” She said with a teasing grin on her face. I nodded. 
     “I’m on it.” She smiled, shook her head and picked her phone back up.
     “Figure out where your pack is right now and I’ll have someone here for the dog tomorrow.” I nodded and left the room. I walked through the hall and to the bedroom. I then sat down on the bed by Alex who was now relaxing and I pulled my cell phone out of my pocket. I dialed the pack and Alex scooted closer to me and laid his head in my lap. I gave him a quick kiss as the phone rang. Moments later, Danny picked up the phone.
     “Hello?” 
     “Hey Dad, it’s Selena.”
     “Hey kid, what’s going on? I haven’t heard from you in a while.” I nodded to myself.
     “Yeah, it’s been a strange week.”
     “Carls said that you and Alex were thinking about getting married.” 
     “Yeah, we uh, we did on the fifth.”
     “That’s great hon!” He enthused. I half smiled. 
     “I keep thinking everyone’s gonna be more shocked about us getting married than they actually are. Is there an inside joke someone forgot to fill me in on?” I questioned. Dan laughed.
     “No, we’re just used to it I guess.”
     “Used to marriage?”
     “Yeah, shifters more often than not are mates for life so seeing them get married isn’t abnormal.” I chuckled.
     “I think Mom thought it was weird because of how long we’ve known each other.” Alex held both of his hands to his heart and pouted sarcastically as if Carly had hurt his feelings. I shook my head at him and began to play with his hair.
     “Nah,” Dan began a second later, “she’s fine, she’s happy for you guys. I am too, I might be more worried if it was anyone besides Alex.” Alex must’ve heard that because he nodded his head like he was a saint. I giggled at him and then I returned to my conversation with Dan.
     “Hey, so Alex and I are leaving for my grandmother’s house tomorrow, we’re gonna stay with her for a few days and then we’re gonna come home.”
     “Really?” He sounded a little bit surprised.
     “Yeah, we need to know where you guys are though. You’re in Arizona, right?”
     “Yup, we’re in Tempe.”
     “Ok, perfect! I uh, I have a pet… sort of, and he can’t come on the plane with me and Alex so Jesse’s sister is gonna get someone to bring him to you. Can you do me a huge favor and take care of him until we get back?” 
     “That depends, what kind of pet is it?”
     “It’s a fox.” I murmured as if it was no big deal.
     “A fox, Selena, why on earth do you have a pet fox?” 
     “Well, I saved it from a dog and uh, he’s become very fond of me and Alex.” Alex cast a sarcastic glance at me, I knew I’d hear about that one.
      “Um, well, is it hard to take care of or what?” I shook my head.
     “No, not at all, he eats dog food and drinks water, it’s like taking care of a dog really.” I heard Danny sigh.
     “Um, yeah, I’ll take care of him, just, when will he be here?”
     “Well, she won’t send him directly to the house, so when’s the next time you guys are going to Phoenix?” 
     “Randy and Britney were gonna head to Walmart in two days, I can go instead and I’ll pick him up.” He offered. I nodded to myself.
     “Yeah, that would be great, which Walmart is it?”
     “It’s the one down on Baseline Rd.” I thought for a moment and then I nodded.
     “Alright, so we’ll have him there by then, what time are you planning on being there?” 
     “Um, figure eleven a.m., I don’t think the fox is gonna like us though hon.” I shook my head and looked over at Lapis who laid at my feet.
     “He won’t be a problem, he loves people.” 
     “Right… does uh, does he have a name or do we just call it dog?” 
     “No, his name is Lapis.”
     “Lapis?” Danny whispered under his breath. I could see him shaking his head at me right now. 
     “Ok, so you know the Walmart?” He double checked.
     “Yup, the one on Baseline Rd., at eleven in two days.” 
     “Good job, I’ll buy some dog food for him, we’ll take care of him.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Alright, thank you.”
     “No problem. When do you think you two will get here?” 
     “Um, maybe in five days, I don’t know, I just wanted a few normal days with my grandma and then we’ll be back.” 
     “Alright, just do me a favor and call before you leave. Just tell me what time your flight gets in and try to land at Sky Harbor International, that’s only about twenty, thirty minutes from us.” I nodded.
     “Ok, I’ve got it.”
     “Good, do you want to say hi to Carly?” I shook my head. 
     “No, I’ll catch her some other time, but uh, do me a favor and don’t tell her we’re coming home, I want to surprise her.”
     “Surprise her, you’ll give her a heart attack, I’ll keep it a secret though, if that’s what you want.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Thanks Dad.”
     “No problem. I guess I’ll see you in a few days?” I nodded.
     “Yep.”
     “Alright, I love you babe, give Alex my love.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, I’ll tell him you said hi, and I love you too. I’ll talk to you soon.”
     “Later kid.” I heard a click and then he was gone. I set the phone down on the bedside table and I looked at Alex. He had a sarcastic look on his face.
     “Oh Dad, we saved Lapis from a rabid racoon who almost tore his head off.” I smirked at him.
     “Yeah, it was that or, ‘Dad, I have a magical fox who talks to me.’ ” Alex nodded.
     “Well still, you’re a liar.” I shrugged. 
     “And you’re a saint so we balance each other out quite well don’t we?” He nodded and leaned up to kiss me. I gave him a quick peck and then I slid off the bed. He stared at me confused.
     “Come back.” He whined. I shook my head.
     “No, I need to go talk to Jenn, but then I’ll come back.” He frowned.
     “Jenn’s being a you hog.” He grumbled. I giggled and turned around to exit the room.
     I walked down the hall and into Jenn’s room, she was still doing stuff on her phone.
     “Where’s your pack?” She asked, her eyes still glued to her phone.
     “They’re in Phoenix, Arizona. My dad’s gonn be at the Walmart on Baseline Rd. at eleven a.m. in two days.” Jenn nodded slowly.
     “I called someone and they said they’d be glad to take Lapis for you, she’ll be here tomorrow after you and Alex leave, I’ll tell her where to take the dog then.” I nodded.
     “Thank you Jenn, you’ve done more for us than we deserve.” She frowned, set her phone down, stood up and gave me a hug.
     “On the contrary, I haven’t done enough.” She muttered. I half smiled and squeased her a little tighter.
     Five minutes later, I left Jenn’s room and I went back to Alex’s and mine. Alex was still laying on the bed and Lapis was laying by him. Alex had his arm resting on Lapis and he was petting him.
     “Jenn’s got someone to take Lapis.” I announced as I laid down by Alex. He looked at me and then he looked at Lapis.
     “Can’t he just find another fox to control, one that is in Arizona or something?” 
     “Pff!” Lapis said, sounding irritated. “Can I find a different fox? Can you you find yourself a different armrest?” I chuckled and Lapis smiled. Alex looked from him to me.
     “What’d he say?” He wondered. I shook my head.
     “He can’t find another fox, sorry.” Alex and I talked for another thirty minutes, mostly about what we would do in Georgia. After that, we fell asleep.
     I woke the next morning and Alex was gone and Lapis laid curled up in my arms. I blinked my eyes a few times and then I moved a little causing Lapis to look up. When he saw I was just getting up he laid his head back down.
     “Where’s Alex?” I asked as I yawned. 
     “He’s in the living room, at least, that’s where he was headed when he got up.” I nodded and sat up. I rubbed my eyes and I heard laughter. This was something I wasn’t used to hearing so I got up to investigate. I shuffled my way to the living room, no one was there so I headed to the kitchen. I peeked my head in and saw Jenn, Alex and Scotty sitting at the table with smiles on their faces. Alex looked back at me and his smile widened.
     “Hey!” He greeted. He made a motion with his hands beckoning me to come in, so I did. I sat down by him and I looked at Jenn. 
     “You guys seem happy, what’s up?” I inquired. Jenn had a beer in hand so I could imagine why she was happy but I wanted to know what the boys thought was humorous about the conversation.
     “I was telling Scott and Alex about my childhood, scary, scary stuff.” She took a large gulp of her Samuel Adams beer and then she continued to talk. “So, like I was saying, Jesse and my dad got back from the city and when they got back they had this god-awful mutt with them. That dog was…” she shook her head unable to think of the right word to describe it with, “it was gross.” She finally muttered. “He was missing fur in places that fur should be, and the fur that he did have was tangled and dirty. He stunk too, and he had the most dimwitted face.” She was very spiteful against this dog. “Oh, and to top off all of those attractive qualities, he was mean.” Scott laughed.
     “Why didn’t you just get rid of it?” He wondered.
     “It was all Jesse’s fault. He was ten when they found the dog in the city and he insisted on keeping it. Well my dad was a sucker for a cute face and at ten, Jesse had one.” We all chuckled at her and then she continued. “Well, Jesse thought it was the cutest thing ever and he loved it.” 
     “But I thought you said it was mean.” Alex stated. Jenn nodded. 
     “It was mean to everyone but Jesse, it loved him. Everyone else was secretly plotting to kill the thing.” I chuckled. 
     “I can’t believe Jesse had a dog.” It was hard for me to grasp that thought. Jenn nodded and took another sip of her beer.
     “It’s weird thinking back to our childhood, it was so long ago.” We were all silent for a second. I watched Jenn drink the rest of the beer and toss the bottle into the trash can. She then looked at Alex. “Did you have any pets while growing up? Scott had just mentioned his lizzard and I thought of the damn dog.” Alex chuckled and shook his head. 
     “No, my family moved around so much we never had time to take care of pets. However, when my sister was nine my older brother got the gift and she would always think he was a real dog that came and hung around and then left. She called him Stray when he was in wolf form. She had a very wild imagination and it was cute until my dad kind of ruined it for her.” We all talked for another thirty minutes about childhood stuff, even I managed to think of a few good things. In the next thirty minutes, Jenn had managed to down three more beers and was very tipsy. She was hilarious when she was drunk, she got really giggly about everything. Alex had said something funny and she sat there and laughed for nearly five minutes. As Jenn giggled her heart out, Scott looked at her and smiled. 
     “You ok there Jogu?” He teased. She nodded and tried to compose herself.
     “I think Jenn here has had one too many beers.” Alex teased. Scott nodded.
     “Yeah, what one is this number six?” He teased. She shook her head.
     “Nope,” she slurred, “I think it’s number five.” Alex chuckled and stared at her.
     “Do you do this often?” He questioned. She shook her head.
     “Nope, only when I’m nervous.” Scott frowned.
     “Why are you nervous?” He sounded sad for her.
     “Because Jesse left again, he always leaves. When Dedrick was alive he left because of Dedrick and now that he doesn’t have to go, he still does.” She laughed under her breath. “So much for family huh?” She sounded almost hurt. A minute later, Jenn stood up, and threw away her empty bottle. She then took a small step towards the doorway.
     “Where are you going?” I asked, worried that she was gonna get hit by a car or something. She shrugged.
     “I dunno.” She took a large step forward and she tripped a little. Scott was immediately up and to her. He wrapped his arm around her waist, holding her still. He then looked back at me and Alex. 
     “I’m gonna take her to get some fresh air, we’ll be back before you guys leave. You know where your tickets are?” I nodded and then he walked her out of the kitchen. 
     Alex and I talked until about ten, that’s when we started getting ready to leave. Our flight left at twelve fifteen. Around ten thirty, Alex and I were getting ready to leave and I was getting nervous because Jenn and Scott weren’t back yet. I needed to talk to Lapis before I left too so I headed to the kitchen where he was, Alex had just fed him. When in the kitchen, I sat down on a chair and I looked at Lapis. He was eating another peanut butter sandwich. 
     “Hello Selena.” He said with a full mouth. I half smiled at him.
     “Hey, so we need to leave soon.” He nodded and swallowed his food.
     “Yes, I figured. Are Scott and Jenn back yet?” I shook my head.
     “No, but they will be, we might miss them but they’ll be back for you. Her friend is just gonna take you to Carly and Dan and they’ll take care of you for…” He nodded.
     “For a few days until you get back, I know, you’ve told me four times already.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, sorry, I just feel bad leaving you.” He shook his head.
     “I don’t mind, just try to be back as soon as possible, but don’t rush your trip. Enjoy your family Selena, your grandmother loves you.” I smiled at him and nodded.
     “Thank you.” He nodded and I got up. I walked passed him and pet his head before I exited the room.
     When in the living room, I grabbed a manila envelope off of the coffee table and then I sat down by Alex who was watching TV. He wrapped his right arm around me and he watched as I opened the envelope. I pulled out some cash, our tickets and a note. I set the money and the tickets in my lap and then I began to read the note.
     “Selena, I’m so sorry we’re leaving so soon for Russia, but the sooner we find out about Scott, the safer he’ll be. I’m glad you can take this time to visit your grandmother though. After Russia, Scott and I will head to Italy and after that, we’ll try and find you and Alex so we can tell you what we know. I don’t know how long it will take so don’t wait up for us, ok. There’s enough cash in here to get you back to your pack and I promise I’ll take care of the fox, he’ll get to your pack in time. I love you, be safe. Sincerely, Jenn.” I put the note down and then I put everything back into the envelope. Alex and I talked for fifteen minutes and then we needed to go. I was really anxious about Scott and Jenn, I wanted to say goodbye but if they weren’t here I couldn’t do that. Alex kept telling me that they’d show up but I didn’t think that was the case.
     When we were ready to go, I ran back to the kitchen. Lapis was laying on the kitchen chair.
     “Hey, we’re leaving now, are you gonna be ok?” I questioned. He looked up and nodded at me.
     “Yes, I’m fine. Have a nice trip.” I nodded, ran up to him and gave him a quick kiss on the head. I pet his head afterward and then I went back to the living room. Alex had both of our suitcases with him.
     “You ok?” He asked as he studied my face. “You look stressed.” I shook my head.
     “No, just upset.” Alex frowned and kissed me.
     “You’ll see them again don’t worry.” I nodded and flashed an unconvincing smile in his direction. 
     Alex and I left the suite and went outside. We got a cab and then we headed to the airport. On the way there, we talked some more about my grandmother. When at the airport, Alex paid the cab driver and then we went inside. We checked our luggage, had our tickets checked and signed and then we went through security. After everything was done, we headed to our terminal and then we waited. I kept looking around hoping Scotty and Jenn would magically appear, but they didn’t.
     When our plane began to board people, Alex and I had our tickets scanned and then we walked into the tunnel thing. I wasn’t going to look back, but I heard Scott yell from behind us.
     “Selena, Alex, wait, hold up!” He shouted. Alex and I both looked back at him and I felt a huge smile form on my face. I turned around, ran out to him and gave him a huge hug. “I thought I was gonna miss you.” He said, sounding grateful that he didn’t. I nodded. 
     “Same here… where uh, where’s Jenn?” I inquired. He motioned behind himself.
     “I got through security first, she told me to come and stop you.” I nodded. As Scott stared at me, his expression changed to one that I couldn’t read. “Are you ok?” He finally blurted out. I nodded slowly.
     “Yeah, why?”
     “You sound funny, it sounds like something’s wrong.” I shrugged.
     “I feel fine.” I reassured. He nodded a little and then Jenn was by his side. She was wearing a dark pair of cateye sunglasses.
     “Selena.” She muttered. She sounded sober and her sunglasses led me to believe that she was hungover.
     “Hey, how do you feel?” I wondered. She nodded. 
     “Well, I’m not drunk any more, but I’m hungover. Vampires don’t stay drunk as long as we’d like to and the hangovers are hell.” I half smiled and gave her a quick hug. 
     “Well I hope you fell better. Thank you for coming here, I thougt I wasn’t gonna see you again for a while.” She half smiled.
     “We’re going to the hotel after this and then we’ll send off the fox and wait until we can leave.” I nodded.
     “Hey, really quick, do me a favor and don’t worry about Nichole controlling Jesse, alright.” She tilted her head a little bit.
     “Why?”
     “Because she can’t control him. Don’t aske me how because I’m not completely sure myself, but she can’t control him so he’s safe as long as he stays smart.” Jenn nodded.
     “Ok, I love you.” She said. I smiled and hugged her once more.
     “I love you too.” I let her go and looked at Scott. I gave him a half hug and then I turned around to go to Alex.
     “Selena.” Jenn said once more. I looked back at her.
     “Yes?”
     “Are you alright? Something sounds off, something’s not right but I can’t place my finger on it.” I shrugged and shook my head.
     “I’m fine, really.” She nodded, unconvinced.
     “Alright, we’ll see you when we get back from Italy.” I nodded.
     “After Italy.” I whispered under my breath.
















Chapter 10

     Alex and my flight was about two and a half hours long. We were out of the airport and on our way to my grandma’s house around three. As we rode in the taxi, I couldn’t stop myself from talking about all of the plans I had made in my head. The things I had planned were probably too much for her to handle, so I took it down a notch and planned smaller. I kind of wanted to make up for all the things I had missed as a child, like, I wanted to make cookies with her and after making the cookies I’d make Alex eat them no matter how horrible they were. I really wanted to talk to her about me and Alex getting married and stuff, I was sure she’d be ecstatic. The only thing that stopped my imagination from flowing was the car stopping, we were now at my grandmother’s house. Alex paid the dude and then we got our stuff and he drove off. I excitedly ran up to her door and I knocked on it. Alex caught up with me a minute later. When nobody answered, I rang the doorbell. When she still didn’t answer, I looked back at Alex.
     “What do we do?” I asked. He shook his head and rang the doorbell again. When she still didn’t answer, Alex reached out his hand and twisted the knob. The door was unlocked so Alex shrugged and pushed the door open.
     “I guess we go inside.” He finally replied. I nodded cautiously and then we went inside, luggage in hand. 
     “Grandma.” I hollered as we set our stuff down by the door. Alex shut the door behind himself. “Grams, it’s Selena, are you home?” I asked. I looked around, all of the lights were on along with the television. I shook my head confused and then I walked into the kitchen. “Grams?” I repeated. She wasn’t in here so I headed back to the living room. When back in the living room, I saw Alex looking around as well.
     “Rosa?” Alex yelled. He then looked a me and shrugged. “She’s just not home right now babe.” I shook my head.
     “The TV’s on Alex.” I was more paranoid than I needed to be.
     We searched the house and when we were sure she wasn’t here, we went back downstairs. We stood there for a moment when I heard a car door shut outside. I, hoping it was her getting home, ran outside onto the porch and I looked at the driveway. There was no car there.
     “Hey, what are you doing?” A voice yelled. I looked to my right and saw one of the neighboors walking to her front door.
     “Oh uh, I came to visit Rosa, she’s my grandmother. She’s not here right now I guess.” Alex was now by my side. The lady frowned.
     “You’re the kid she’s been talking about?” I nodded.
     “Probably, do uh, do you know where she might be?” The lady’s frown widened.
     “Sweetheart, I just got back from taking her to the hospital.” I felt my body go numb and extreme terror filled me.
     “What?” I croaked.
     “She came to me asking if I could take her to the hospital, she wasn’t feeling well.”
     “What happened?” Alex asked, sounding nervous.
     “I think it was heart problems.” 
     “What hospital is she at?” Alex asked abruptly.
     “Um, She’s at Memorial University Medical Center, it’s on 4700 Waters Avenue.” Alex nodded. “Do you guys need a ride up there?” She offered. 
     “No, we’re fine, thank you.” She frowned and nodded.
     “I’m sorry.” She murmured as she went inside her house. The moment she was gone, I felt a panick attack beginning to set in, I felt like I couldn’t breath. Alex wrapped his arms around me.
     “Hey,” he said seriously, “it’s gonna be fine, ok. You just need to calm down, she’s fine.” I felt a tear fall from my eye as I continued to hyperventilate. “Come on.” He said as he shifted. I did the same thing and then I began to follow him.
     Alex and I got to the hospital thirty minutes later. We shifted in a safe area and then we ran into the building, Alex was now following me. I ran up to the front desk and the man looked up at me.
     “Can I help you?” He wondered. I nodded.
     “Yes, is there a Rosa Anderson here? A neighbor took her here a few hours ago.” The man looked at his computer, typed in a few things and then nodded. 
     “Yes, Rosa Anderson was admitted about four hours ago for symptoms of a heart attack. Who are you?” He questioned.
     “I’m her grandaughter, may I please go see her?” The man nodded and then he got someone to take us to her room. Alex and I followed the lady to Gram’s room. We got there in about five minutes, she was in room 211. The lady knocked on the door and then opened it. She smiled at me and Alex.
     “Just call if you need anything ok sweetie?” I nodded.
     “Thanks.” She nodded as well and walked away. I slowly entered into the room, Alex was right behind me. Grams was laying on the exam table, reading a book. I smiled and took in a deep breathe of relief. Grams looked up from her book and a huge smile formed on her face.
     “Selena!” She exclaimed, dropping her book in her lap. I smiled as well and I ran up to her. She sat up and wrapped her arms around me. “Oh honey, what are you doing here?” She asked as she let me go and looked me over. 
     “Alex and I went to your house to visit you and one of your neighbors said that she took you to the hospital so we came as fast as we could.”
     “Yes, Ellie was an angel, I called her and asked if she could drive me down here because I wasn’t feeling very well.”
     “What exactly happened?” I was really scared for her. She shrugged and rolled her eyes.
     “Well I called Ellie and she took me here, I was having heart pains and I was worried it was a heart attack, at my age anything is possible I guess.” 
     “But it’s not a heart attack, right?” Alex asked. He was standing by a chair by the door.
     “Oh there you are!” Gram’s said happily. “I thought you found a way to escape, come here, come here.” Alex smiled and walked up to us. Grams gave Alex a huge hug and then she pat his back. “It’s good to see you dear.” Alex nodded.
     “It’s good to see you too.” Grams smiled and then proceeded to answer his question.
     “Well, it wasn’t a heart attack, it just turns out it was indigestion.” 
     “How come you’re still here?” I questioned. She shook her head.
     “Well I was gonna go home with Ellie but the doctors, of course, they found something else wrong with me and they made me stay. You see, this is why I hate doctors, there’s always something else they wanna fix. I should have known it was indigestion but I rarely ever get heartburn or anything so I was a little worried.” I half smiled.
     “I’m really glad you’re ok, I was so worried.” Grams frowned and wrapped her arms around me again.
     “Oh baby girl.” She said as she squeezed me tighter. “Are you two planning on leaving right away again?” Alex shook his head.
     “No, we’re all your’s for a whole week.” Grams smiled.
     “Did Scott and Jesse come as well?” She wondered. I shook my head.
     “No, it’s just me and Alex this time.” She nodded and then I sat down on a chair that was by her. Alex looked at me and smiled. He walked up to me. 
     “I’m gonna go get some food, I’ll give you two some time to catch up, do you want anything?” He offered. I shook my head.
     “No, I’m good, thank you.” He nodded and I gave him a quick kiss. He then walked over to the door and left. I looked at Grams who wore a face that said, “Tell me everything.”
     “What was that?” She asked with a sly look on her face. I blushed and shrugged.
     “Oh, that was just… it’s just…” I was at a loss for words at the moment.
     “I’ll take it he’s the one who went and got you those tampons.” I laughed and nodded. 
     “Yeah, that kind of sums it all up right there.” She smiled at me and shook her head
     “So,” Grams began a minute later, “how are you doing, other than the obvious? Last I saw you, you said you’d try and be back but you couldn’t. The car was there the next morning in the driveway and there was a note that said your mom was sick and you needed to go home right away.” I nodded, assuming this was either Jenn or Jesse’s craftsmanship. 
     “Um, yeah.” I muttered. 
     “Well is she ok?” I nodded.
     “Yeah, Carly’s great! It turns out she’s just pregnant.” Grams smiled. 
     “Oh that’s sweet, you’re gonna be a big sister.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, it’s definitely exciting, Carly and Dan are making Alex and I their baby’s godparents.” 
     “Oh how sweet! Does that make you nervous?” I shook my head.
     “No, not at all, I’m very excited.” She smiled but then a new look entered into her eyes.
     “Wait, they’re making you and Alex the godparents? Alex is just your boyfriend, isn’t he?” I frowned and shook my head.
     “Um, actually, it’s a really funny story, you’re gonna laugh, but we…” I paused at a loss for words but Grams new exactly what I meant.
     “You’re a lot like your mother, all she ever wanted was to settle down and get married, which is what I assume you did?” I nodded and then Grams hugged me again. 
     “Yeah, Carly and Dan loved the thought and they really love Alex too.” 
     “What about you?” She wondered. I smiled and looked down.
     “I love him more than life, he’s everything to me.” Grams took my hand and squeezed it tight, reassuring me that she approved. 
     We sat there for a moment before a very devious smile formed on my grandmother’s face.
     “Can I be expecting any grandbabies any time soon?” I, taken off guard by this question, blushed.
     “Oh… oh, um, I just… I want kids but not right now. I’m so young right now and I never had a mom so I don’t know what to do. I think I want to wait a while before having kids, you know?” Grams frowned.
     “Baby, you’re gonna be an excellent mother.” She reassured me. “Whenever the good Lord decides it’s your time to have a family, you’re going to be a great mom. Plus, I’ll be here if you ever need help or anything like that.” She hinted. I chuckled. “I haven’t had a baby in my home since your mother was one and that seems like ages ago to me. A little baby action wouldn’t kill me.” She joked. I laughed, happy to be able to talk to her. We talked for twenty minutes before Alex got back and when he got back, he joined into our conversation. Grams talked a lot about things we could do with her.
     “Well we can go to the zoo, you know, if you’re in touch with your inner animal and like the zoo.” She suggested. I smiled along with Alex, humored at the truth of that statement.
     “Yeah, we’re really good to do anything, Selena just really wanted to come and see you and I thought it might be nice.” Alex said happily. Grams smiled at him and moved her arm around a little bit. I had noticed for the past twenty minutes she had been messing with her arm, moving it around a lot. I finally decided to ask her what was wrong.
     “Hey, is your arm ok? You’ve been messing with it for a while.” She looked from me to her arm and then back to me.
     “I tripped the other day and I hit my arm on the wall. It takes a lot longer for me to heal than it used to. I’m fine though.” I nodded and then I stood up. 
     “Hey Grams, is there a soda machine around here or something, I’m gonna go grab a drink.” She nodded.
     “There’s one downstairs.”
     “I saw it when I got food, I’ll go with you.” Alex said as he stood up. I looked at Grams and she nodded.
     “Alright, we’ll be right back.” I promised. She nodded and Alex and I left.
     We went downstairs and to the soda machine. We put some money in it and we each got a soda. I got a Dr. Pepper and then I began to fiddle with the lid, trying to open it. When I got the lid off, I took a big gulp of the soda and then a figure caught my attention. On the other side of the room stood Dedrick. Inside, I knew it was a hallucination, but it looked so real. I blinked and then he was in front of me. I gasped and jumped back and he disappeared. I felt everyone in the room staring at me, Alex included. I then felt Alex’s hand rest on my lower back and he began to lead me into the next room.
     When we were out of the sights of people, he stopped walking and looked at me.
     “Are you ok?” He inquired. I nodded and he read the look on my face. “You’re still seeing things, aren’t you?” I nodded slowly.
     “Alex, all of the venom is out of my system so why am I still seeing things?” I was really freaking out about this. He shook his head, unable to answer my question.
     “I don’t know, when it’s out of your system you shouldn’t see things any more. I can’t think of any…” He stopped and his attention shifted to something else. I looked at him.
     “What’s wro…” He held out a finger, silencing me. He looked like he was trying to hear something so I began to listen as well. I heard doctors yelling in the background, calling out for help from other doctors.
     “We’ve got a flatline in 211!” One of them yelled. Immediately I felt my face sink and I began to run to the elevator leading back up to Gram’s room. When at the elevator, I hit the button repeatedly until the elevator came and then Alex and I got onto it. We took the elevator up a floor, my heart racing and my mind hoping that this was just some sick joke. When the elevator stopped and the door opened, I ran out as fast as I could and I headed to her room, Alex was close behind me. When we were at her room, the door was open and there was a bunch of chatter coming from inside. I quickly ran into the room and saw Grams laying on a gurney and there were doctors surounding her. One of them was holding a defibrillator over her motionless body.
     “Grams!” I screamed as my eyes instantly filled with water. The nurse that had walked us here earlier turned around and ran to me.
     “Honey, you need to leave right now.” She instructed. I stared at my grandma, my body not wanting to move. “You need to leave right now ma’am.” She said. I tried to move but my brain wasn’t working right. A second later, I felt Alex’s arms wrap around my waist and he pulled me back. He then picked me up and followed the nurse down the hall and to a waiting room. The nurse babbled a few things that I didn’t hear and then Alex nodded and set me down on a chair. 
     So many emotions were running through my head at this moment that I couldn’t react to each one of them. When I saw her, when I saw Grams, it was as if time froze for a moment and reality slapped me in the face, and I didn’t like it.
_____________________________________________________

     I sat silently and stared at her, I didn’t know what to say and it broke my heart. I knew that Rosa was dead but how could I look at Selena and tell her that? It was going to kill her and that thought tortured me.
     We waited in silence for thirty minutes before the nurse who had walked us here returned. When she entered the room, she looked at Selena and then she looked at me, figuring I would be better to talk to.
     “Sir, can I talk to you in private for a moment?” She wondered. I nodded, stood up and looked back at Selena, her face was emotionless, empty, dead. I followed the nurse out of the room and then she turned around and looked at me. “Sir, your grandmother had a severe heart attack.” She said quietly. I chuckled angrily and stared at her.
     “She came here thinking she had symptoms of a heart attack and the doctors told her it was indigestion. If it was just indigestion then why the hell did she have a heart attack?” I was pissed, not with the nurse, but with the doctors who had misdiagnosed Rosa.
     “When the doctors checked her earlier she was fine. There was nothing clogging the arteries or anything, she was fine.”
     “If she was so fine earlier, why’d she just have a heart attack?” I interrogated.
     “It was the fastest heart attack we’ve ever seen. The docors spent hours checking her and she was fine. They kept her here because they suspected she was developing lung cancer. It was very mild so they thought it was caused by second hand smoke.”
The nurse paused, frowned and looked down. “Sir,” she began again, “a part of your grandmother’s heart was clogged so blood wasn’t being sent to areas of the body where it needed to be going. The areas of her heart that weren’t clogged were working harder to pump blood to the areas of her body that weren’t getting blood. Her heart overexerted itself to the point where it just stopped. This caused her blood pressure to drop to a deadly low and it put her into cardiac arrest. The doctors did everything they could but her heart was so old that they just couldn’t get it to start up again.” I frowned and shook my head.
     “What, so she’s just gone?” I felt my voice crack when I said the word, “gone.” The nurse slowly nodded.
     “I’m sorry for your loss.” She said sincerely. I stood there for a minute, thinking it through.
     “Um, what uh, what do we do now? I’ve never had relatives die so I don’t really know what to do? What do we do with her body?” I asked, sounding stupid.
     “Well, the doctor signed the death certificate so your grandmother will be taken to the hospital morgue. You’re gonna want to call a funeral director, they’ll come to the morgue and clean up her body and prepare her for a funeral. Or if you’d like to have her cremated, anything you want to do, they’re gonna help you out. I’ll get you a funeral director’s number so you can call after you decide what you’d like to do.” I nodded slowly.
     “And what do we do with the money she owed you guys?” I was clueless, I never had to go through any of this when members of my family died.
     “You do nothing. What’s gonna happen is if your grandmother had a will, the government is gonna sell everything, not the items on the will. The money they make will be used to pay her bills and anything like that. The things on the will will go to the inheritor.”
     “My wife is her physical granddaughter, what uh, what do we do if she’s not on the will?”
     “If she’s not the one on the will then the government will give everything to the person that is on the will.” I nodded.
     “Alright.” I murmured. The nurse frowned.
     “I’m sorry again sir, I’ll give you some time to speak with your wife, I’ll be back with that number for you in a little.” I nodded.
     “Thank you.” The nurse nodded as well and walked away.
     I looked back at the door leading to the waiting room. I didn’t want to think about telling Selena this because I knew it would kill her. How could I look her in the eyes and tell her that the only biological family she had left had just died? I couldn’t help but wonder why it was always her, why she was always the one to lose the people she loved. As much as I didn’t want to have to tell her about her grandmother, I’d rather her find out from someone who loves her more than life than a doctor who deals with death daily. So, I turned around and walked inside.
_____________________________________________________
 
     I sat in silence waiting for Alex to return. I didn’t want to know what had happened but I knew I had to. Part of me already knew that my grandma was dead, knowing this wasn’t the hard part, accepting it was.
     I stared at the door and I saw Alex walk in. I looked at him with lifeless eyes and an expressionless face. He frowned and walked up to me. He sat down on the floor in front of me and he began to talk.
     “Babe,” he said softly as he took one of my hands, “Grams had a heart attack, her uh, her heart sopped and she went into cardiac arrest. The doctors tried to shock her heart back into working but her heart was too old.” I saw the pain in Alex’s eyes and I was positive it was because he saw the pain in mine. I looked away from Alex and bit my lip. I tried to hold back the flood of tears wanting to escape my eyes but holding it back was beginning to give me a headache. I looked back at Alex and then the floodgates opened.
     “Why does this always happen to me?” I cried. “Every time I love somebody they get taken away from me. All of my family is gone, my parents died, Kent died, Jesse left and is gonna get himself killed, Jenn and Scott are gone.” I saw a tear form in Alex’s eye as he watched me cry. 
     “Hey, you still have Carly and Dan, you have me.” He reassured. “I know that you’re scared to be alone, I know you’re afraid that everyone’s going to die or leave you and you’re gonna be back in the orphanage. I know that you feel lost right now, but I will never leave you, I promise I will never leave you.” He said as he held out his arms. I wrapped my arms around him and I sat in his lap so that my chest was facing his chest and he squeezed me tight. I leaned my head on his shoulder and I felt dozens of tears fall from my eyes onto his shirt. I sat there in his arms and I cried, unable to compose myself. I couldn’t help it though, he was right. I was so afraid that something would happen and I’d be alone again.
     We sat there for twenty minutes befor the crying tuned down to sobs. As I sat in his arms, thousands of thoughts ran through my mind. I thought of Grams dying and I asked myself why things like this had to happen. I believed that things happened for a reason though, Grams, she was supposed to die when she did. Why did she have to die? Because her dying made me fully dependant on Alex. Alex was the only one I had besides Carly and Dan and even they would never be the same level of family as Alex was to me. If I had the option, I would have tried to change the way things worked out, I would have let Grams live. However, you can’t change the past. Things happen and you have to deal with it because there’s no rewind button. I needed to take this situation and I needed to try and find the meaning of it. Perhaps Grams had to die to make me fully dependant upon Alex. I think I was most dependant upon him because I could never lose him. If he died I’d die too and at least that way we could still be together. Alex was the one person I couldn’t lose and I would hold onto that forever, besides him, no one else mattered.


















Chapter 11
 
     The next week was crazy. Alex and I called Dean and asked for help, we would have just dealt with everything ourselves but my past brought up questions. Since my parents had changed their last names, there technically was no real proof that I was related to Rosa. That’s what Dean helped us out with, he ‘convinced’ certain people that I was Rosa’s grandkid. She didn’t have a will so eventually I was put in charge of all of her possessions, she didn’t have life insurance either. Honestly, I didn’t want any of her money or items, I just wanted Dean to tell people I was her grandaughter so I could bury her. I didn’t want to just steal the body and bury it and even if I did want to, I don’t think I could. So, Dean told people that I was Rosa’s grandaughter and then he took the liberty of going farther and then he got people to let me decide what to do with all of Grams’ stuff. Normally, Alex and I would have been stuck here for a while but Dean and a group of ten other vampires got it all settled in the time span of one week.
     Alex and I buried Grams on Wednesday, June thirteenth. Dean attended the funeral with us along with Ciara and a few other people. It was a small funeral, but I was glad we did it, I needed it perhaps more than anyone else. Dean, out of respect also had tombstones made for my parents and we put them by my grandmother who was buried by my grandpa.
     When everyone was buried and I was feeling a little better, Dean began to help us sell everything. We sold all of her items and then we paid off bills that she had and then we sold her house and her car. Alex and I kept my gradfather’s old car and we planned to drive to Arizona instead of flying there. I had called Carly and Dan the day after my grandma died and told them what was going on. I explained to Dan that we would be a little longer than we had expected. Lapis had gotten to them safely and was fine, according to Danny. Since we were planning on driving to Arizona, we’d go to the house instead of making Dan pick us up. Carly still had no clue we were coming back, if anything she thought we never were with Grams dying and all.
     The first few days after Rosa died were very hard for both me and Alex. I tried to stay calm and composed for Alex’s sake, but every now and then I’d let a tear slip and I’d see his heart break as he watched it fall. Even Dean could see the pain I was going through and he tried his best to comfort me. After we buried everyone, I got better, I was still sad, but not sad enough to dwell on the past forever.
     On the eighteenth, everything was taken care of, Grams had been buried, her house and items had been sold, the bills were payed. Alex and I had about one hundred thirteen thousand dollars in cash. We paid Dean one thousand and planned to take the rest of the money to the bank. 
     Alex, Dean and I were in the cheap motel Alex and I had been staying at for the past week. Alex was getting the money ready to take to the bank and was back in our bedroom. Dean and I sat on the couch, talking.
     “Thank you again,” I began, “I feel like we ask you for help too often.” He chuckled and shook his head. 
     “It’s my job, don’t worry, I’m just sorry this happened.” I frowned and nodded. 
     “Yeah, I’m a little upset but it doesn’t matter.” He frowned in disbelief. Alex came into the living room a minute later with all of the money in a briefcase Dean had lent him. Dean stood up and I did the same. Alex walked up to me and gave me a quick kiss, I kissed him back.
     “We’re gonna run down to the bank, I’ll be back and then we can go.” I nodded.
     “I’ll give Dan a call and tell him we’re coming home.” Alex nodded and looked at me with sincere eyes.
     “Are you alright?” He asked, sounding hopeful. I nodded, being mostly honest.
     “I’m good.” I reassured. He nodded slowly and then he looked at Dean.
     “Alright, I’ll be in the car.” Dean nodded and Alex left. I looked at Dean and he held out his arms. I gave him a hug and then he let me go.
     “Thank you Dean.” He smiled at me and nodded. 
     “It’s my pleasure, you guys be safe alright.”
     “We’ll drive safe, don’t worry.” He shook his head. 
     “No, I mean when you get back to your pack. Nichole’s changing stuff so you’re gonna notice a little bit of differences hunting down the pre-vamps. They’re gonna be smarter because she’s making the creators train them up so just be prepared for more of a challenge.” I nodded. 
     “Thank you.” I said, grateful for this new information. He nodded and turned around.
     “Godbye Selena.” He muttered as he walked out of the front door and closed it behind himself. He was going with Alex to make sure no one at the bank gave him a hard time.
     When Alex and Dean were gone, I grabbed my phone. I hadn’t called Jenn or Scott, I didn’t want to bug them but I really missed Jenn. She was the first person I had thought of calling after Grams died but she hadn’t called me yet so I assumed she was busy. I dialed the pack and listened as it rang.
     “Hello.” Carly muttered.
     “Hey Carly.” 
     “Hey babe, how are you doing?” I nodded to myself.
     “I’m great, Dean and Alex just left for the bank. We got everything settled.”
     “Wow, that was fast.”
     “Yeah well, you know vampires.” She chuckled.
     “Right. Are you feeling better?” She hoped. Last time I’d talked to her I was crying like a fool. 
     “Yep, I’m all better, still a little shocked but I’m better than I was a week ago.”
     “Baby I’m sorry that this happened, I know you were very excited to have family.” I nodded. 
     “I was but it’s fine, really. I have Alex and you and Dan, I’m good, I hope.” She sighed.
     “Well, on a more cheerful note, how are you and Alex, are you liking being married?” I smiled and nodded.
     “Yeah, it’s awesome.”
     “You guys haven’t really had time to just sit down have you?” 
     “No, with the honeymoon and then Scott and now this, let’s just say we never have dull moments.”
     “Well I was hoping you guys would come back soon but then with your grandma, I’d be expecting you to be gone another month huh?” I smiled deceptively to myself.
     “Yeah, it could be a while.” She sighed.
     “Well get back soon, we need help with the new person.” 
     “New person? When did we get a new person?”
     “Two days after you last called.”
     “Is it a girl or a boy?”
     “It’s a boy, his name is Sam.”
     “How old is he?”
     “He’s thirteen.”
     “That’s kind of young, did someone turn him or was he born with the gene?”
     “He can’t remember. We found him outside of the Wal Mart we shop at, he was freaking out so we asked if he was ok.”
     “He doesn’t remember anything?”
     “Nope, he remembered his name and age and stuff about himself, but everything else is just blurry.”
     “Hmm, he doesn’t even remember his parents?” 
     “Nope.” I frowned and shook my head.
     “Is he ok?”
     “Oh yeah he’s winsome and sweet! He’s a great kid, John has taken a liking to him.”
     “John?” I asked, a little shocked.
     “Yeah, strange huh. He’s been different, he’s still John, pigheaded asshole, but he’s trying to change.” I half smiled.
     “Well it’s a start.” I said positively.
     “Yeah.” 
     “So, how are you doing?” I wondered. 
     “You mean other than this morning sickness?” I nodded to myself.
     “Sure.”
     “Well, I’m great! Dan and I are so excited for the baby.”
     “Yeah, I bet! Are you able to see the baby growing at all?”
     “Yes, there’s a perfectly defined bump on my stomach, the baby’s growing faster than weeds.” She joked. I giggled and tried to imagine Carly with a growing baby inside of herself.
     “That’s awesome, Alex and I are gonna try to get back as soon as possible.”
     “I know you are, don’t feel rushed though. I have a good six, seven months until this baby comes, you have plenty of time.” I smiled to my self and tucked a loose piece of hair behind my ear.
     “Hey, do you think I could say hi to Dad really quick? I uh, I miss him and I want him to hear from me that I’m doing better.”
     “Of course honey, let me go get him.” 
     “Alright, I love you Mom.” 
     “I love you too Selena, here’s Dan.” I heard a mumble and then Danny was on the phone.
     “Kid.” He said, sounding cheerful.
     “Adult.” I returned. He chuckled.
     “You sound better.” I nodded.
     “I feel better, it’s been a crazy week but I think we’re ready to come home.”
     “You still keeping this little secret from Carls?” He asked.
     “Of course I am.”
     “Fair enough, when do I need to pick you guys up?” He inquired.
     “Uh, actually, Alex and I are gonna drive there.”
     “Did you get a car?”
     “Yeah, it was my gradfather’s.”
     “I see. You uh, you know where to go right?”
     “No, what’s the house adress?”
     “We’re renting two houses on Secretariat Dr. in Tempe.” I nodded to myself. “They’re not too big and all of our cars are parked out front. You’ll find us, just follow the GPS on your phone or something.” 
     “Ok, we’ll do that. We would get to you guys sooner but I still can’t drive so it might take a little longer than expected. Maybe three days top.”
     “Ok, sounds good.”
     “How’s Lapis, is he being good?” I hoped.
     “Yeah, he’s great, nice animal you got there. How did you guys train him to be so sweet?” Dan wondered. I shrugged.
     “Eh, he must take after his mother.” Dan chuckled.
     “Right, well I was gonna guess Alex taught him to be sweet and you taught him to be sneaky.” I put my hand to my heart.
     “Me, sneaky?” I shook my head in a sarcastic way. “Nah.” Dan chuckled and I could picture him shaking his head, humored.
     “Right, well I’ll see you in a few days kid.” 
     “Alright, take care of Mom, get her Pepto-Bismol or something.”
     “That won’t do much for her morning sickness but I’m sure she’ll appreciate your concern. I’ll talk to you later.”
     “Alright, bye.” I tapped my phone, hanging it up.
     I sat there for a moment and then I thought of Jenn. She had asked me days ago to call Jesse and I never did so I decided to keep my promise. I dialed him and I listened as the phone rang. When it stopped ringing and went to his voicemail I listened.
     “Hey, you’ve reached Jesse. Clearly I’m not by the phone right now or I probably would have picked up. Just leave a message or something and don’t call back. I’ll get back to you when I find time in my agenda…” It was silent for five seconds and then he let out a long, drawn out sigh. “Okay bye.” I heard a click and the message ended. I laughed under my breath and waited for it to let me leave my message. A second later when the lady was done talking to me, I heard a beep and I began to talk.
     “Hey, Jesse, it’s Selena. Where are you and why are you ignoring everyone? Jenn’s worried sick about you and is probably gonna kill you if she finds out you’re alive.” I bit my lip and shook my head. “I know you probably don’t even have your phone with you so why am I even leaving this message?” I paused and deliberated hanging up. I didn’t though and I continued on. “You’ve been gone a while, two weeks I think, I don’t know, I’m kind of out of it. I feel like there’s so much to tell you, like Scott, he’s a hybrid now. He and Jenn are in Russia trying to find another hybrid so they can get answers. Um, my uh, my grandmother passed away a week ago, it sucked but it’s all for the best, at least that’s what I keep telling myself.” I sighed and stood up and began to pace the small, hot room. “Jesse, I need to tell you something but I don’t want to hurt you. Then again, I doubt your phone’s with you so what the heck. Back with Dedrick, he said that he had a game he wanted me to play. You know when you’re playing Monopoly and you have to pick a character you want to be? Well Dedrick made me choose between the dog and the car which are my favorite pieces. Now, if I cose the dog the car would be thrown away and if I chose the car the dog would be thrown away.” My voice slipped into a guilty whisper. “I chose the dog.” I muttered. “Dedrick made me choose between you and Alex and I saved Alex. I feel horrible for letting the car get thrown away but if I would have picked you Jesse, you would have left right away anyway. I love Alex, Jesse, and I’m sorry.” I stopped pacing and I took a deep breath in. “Alex and I, we got married, we’re happy.” I paused again and shook my head. “I really hope you never get this message, like ever, and now I’m kind of regretting leaving it, but, everyone just needs to know you’re ok.” I shook my head and I looked at the phone. “Goodbye Jesse.” I mumbled as I hung up.
     I waited in silence for Alex to return, and when he did, we loaded everything into the car and then we checked out and were on our way. During our three day drive, Alex talked to me more about his family, he told me about his brother and sister and mom, though he avoided speaking of his father, it was good. I talked to him more about my time in the orphanage, this was a very guarded topic of my life but I felt safe telling him. Along with talking, Alex let me drive for a while, we were on an empty freeway, the perfect place to learn how to drive. I had never wanted to drive because it, in a way, scared me. It wasn’t as bad as I had imagined it to be though, actually, it was fun! I felt like a freak driving so fast but I was going ten under the actualy speed limit which was sixty-five. I was going fast, but not nearly as fast as I ran in wolf form, driving a car, it was a different type of speed. I was more in control when I was in wolf form but driving wasn’t too hard. By the end of the three days drive, I was pro, well, pro-ish. I didn’t want to drive in big cities or towns, just the little ones. We had fun and it was very productive.
     We got to Tempe, Arizona on June 21st around four p.m., that’s when we called Dan to tell him we were coming home. He gave us directions to the house once again and said that everyone was out today so that they would be home a little late. Alex and I said that would be fine, we’d just unpack and visit Lapis. 
     When we got to the houses, it was a sight for sore eyes! All of the cars were parked in the two driveways, taking up all of the room so Alex and I parked on the side of the road. We got out of the car and grabbed our stuff out of the trunk. We were both pretty tired and we needed to clean up a little. Dan had said there was a key in one of the plant holders hanging from the ceiling by the front door of the house where Carly and Dan’s car was parked. Alex and I found the key and then we unlocked and opened the front door. We walked into the cool house and shut the door behind ourselves.
     The house was very nice, it was clean and decent sized. It was one story but I imagined it could hold several people. As we set down our luggage, Lapis poked his head around the corner to see what was going on. The second he saw me and Alex, he smiled and ran up to greet us.
     “Selena!” He exclaimed. I smiled and knelt down to the floor. I wrapped my arms around him and he repetedly licked my face. “You’re back, I didn’t think you would be for a while longer. I overheard Carly and Dan talking about you, are you alright?” I nodded and flashe a sincere look at him. 
     “I’m fine.”
     “But your grandmother…”
     “Is gone, there’s nothing we can do except move on.” Lapis smiled at me and nodded proudly.
     “I’m glad you’re ok.” I nodded and kissed his head. Lapis then jumped out of my arms and trotted over to Alex. He licked Alex’s hand and Alex smiled and pet him.
     “Hey Lapis, I hope Carly didn’t spoil you too much.” Lapis shook his head. 
     “She wasn’t spoiling me, just giving me the daily massages I deserve.” Lapis replied sarcastically. I chuckled.
     “He’s spoiled.” I taunted. Alex laughed and pet his head once more.
     “So,” I began a moment later, “how are you doing?” Lapis nodded.
     “I’m great, Carly and Dan feed me and pet me, I’m not dead so everything’s good.” I laughed and looked around some more.
     “Who’s staying in this house?” I asked.
     “Carly, Dan, John and the new kid, Sam.” I nodded. 
     “So just them and us?” He nodded. 
     “Yep, Carly and Dan were saving a room here for you for when you got back.” I smiled. “I’ll show you where everything is.” He offered. I nodded and took Alex’s hand and we followed Lapis around the house. Lapis showed us where Carly and Dan’s room was, where John and Sam’s room was and where Alex and my room was. He also showed us the bathroom, the kitchen and the living room. Lapis said he slept mostly in the living room. He talked happily as he showed us around and when he was done he took off to eat.
     When Lapis was gone, Alex began to unload our stuff into our closet and I took a quick shower. When I was out of the shower, I got dressed and then Alex took a shower. While he bathed, I went into the kitchen to talk with Lapis. Lapis was by a bowl of dogfood, eating happily. I smiled at him and sat down.
     “Is the dog food too horrible?” I questioned. He looked up at me and shook his head. 
     “It’s not so bad, at first it was aweful but I got used to it.” I nodded.
     “How are you doing? Are you homesick?” He shrugged.
     “I miss my family but I need to be here and I’m glad you’re back.” 
     “Yeah, me too, I wish Carly and Dan were here.” He nodded and looked over at a clock, checking the time.
     “They should be back in an hour or so.” I nodded and stood up. I walked over to Lapis and pet his head. He licked my hand and then I turned around and left.
     I went back to Alex and my room and I sat down on the bed. I didn’t hear the shower water running any more so I figured Alex was just about done. I layed down on the bed and closed my eyes, I was physically exhausted but mentally awake. I just laid there and listened, I heard a door open in the hallway and then I heard footsteps entering the room. I heard a thud as Alex tossed his laundry into the dirty clothes bag. I then heard Alex shut the door and then I then felt the bed move and then Alex put his right arm on my left side and his left hand on my right side. He propped himself up so that he was leaning over me. I opened my eyes and he smiled at me, I returned the gaze and then he leaned in and gave me a kiss. I kissed him back and then I saw a small glimmer of playfulness enter into Alex’s eyes. He gave me another kiss and then he slid his right hand up and put it by my face. I closed my eyes and I felt Alex’s lips rest onto my neck. He moved his lips from my neck and to my ear. I felt a smile form on my face and then I opened my eyes, looking at the clock, it was five.
     “Lapis said Carly and Dan will be back in an hour or so.” Alex looked at me with a somewhat hopeful expression and then I smiled and wrapped my arms around him, pulling him on top of me.
     When it was five thirty, Alex started to get edgy, he kept looking at the clock every few minutes. I thought this was both funny and annoying. After his fifth time of looking at the clock, I sighed.
     “What are you doing?” I interrogated as I ran my fingers through his hair. He looked from the clock to me.
     “It’s five thirty.” He stated. I nodded and shrugged.
     “Ok, why are you obsessively looking at the clock?”
     “What if Carly and Dan get back?” I chuckled and smiled.
     “Then we put our clothes on really fast.” I said this as if that was the easiest thing in the world to do. Alex smiled at my response and he laid his lips on mine and we rolled over. Alex was now on top of me and he kissed my lips and moved his lips down to my neck. I felt a shiver run up my spine and then there was a small noise in the hallway and Alex looked up immediately, ruining the wonderful chill feeling. He looked at the door and then at the clock. I groaned and he looked back at me.
     “This is pointless.” I complained. “We can stop right now if you want.” I threatened. He shook his head hastily.
     “No, no, no, it’s fine.” He reassured. I smiled and laid my lips on his chest. I moved my lips from his chest up to his lips and then we rolled over again.
     “We’re fine.” I reassured as Alex ran his fingers through my messy hair. “Carly and Dan shouldn’t be back for another thirty minutes.” The second those words came out of my mouth, the front door opened and voices flooded the room.
     “Yeah, but who’s car is it?” Carly asked. A terrified look formed on both my face and Alex’s face as we heard her voice. We instantly jumped up and Alex quickly grabbed my clothes. He tossed them to me and I tossed him his shirt. I slid on my undergarments and pants and Alex slid on all of his clothes. As I buttoned up my jeans, Alex grabbed my shirt and slid it on for me, he then began to comb through my hair with his fingers and I began to try and fix his hair. We did all of this in about thirty seconds.
     When Alex and I were… decent, we walked over to the door and went out into the hall. I heard talking coming from the kitchen so we headed that way. When in the kitchen, Carly and Dan were petting Lapis and looking around. I cleared my throat and they turned around, it appeared that Carly and Dan were the only ones here. The moment Carly saw me, she dropped the newspaper she had in her hands and she screamed. A huge smile formed on her face and she ran up to me and wrapped her arms around me. She squeezed me tight and kissed my cheek. 
     “Oh my gosh!” She exclaimed. “What happened to your hair?” My face went blank and I looked at Alex. He shrugged and I looked back at Carly.
     “What uh, what do you mean?” She smiled and grabbed a piece of it.
     “You got highlights.” I felt relief fill me at once.
     “Oh.” I laughed and shook my head. “I’m gone for months and the first thing you notice is my hair?” Carly chuckled and nodded. She looked passed me at Alex and her smile widened. 
     “You!” She said as she walked passed me and wrapped her arms around him. “Your hair’s still normal, what gives?” She teased. Alex shrugged. 
     “The hair stylists were gonna put highlights in mine too but they took one look at it and said, ‘that is some stylish hair, we will not touch it.’ ” Carly smiled and hugged him once more. Since Carly was hugging Alex, Dan took this opportunity to greet me. He gave me a huge hug.
     “I missed you kid.” I squeezed him tighter and kissed his prickly cheek. 
     “I missed you too Dad.” He kissed my forehead and rubbed my back affectionately. As I hugged Danny, I felt Carly slam into the back of me, squishing me in-between her and Dan, it was a good squished feeling though. When Carly and Dan let me out of their Selena sandwich hug, Carly began to talk again.
     “When did you guys get here?” She wondered. Alex shrugged and came and stood by me.
     “Maybe an hour ago.” He replied. Carly nodded.
     “Ah, what did you guys do?” Alex and I exchanged looks and Lapis half smiled, leaving the kitchen, heading to the living room. Alex then answered once again. 
     “Oh, we just unpacked.” He lied. Carly nodded and looked me over. Her smile turned into a confused look at once.
     “Selena, why is your shirt on inside out?” She sounded as if she knew exactly why it was, but she was willing to give me the benefit of the doubt. I immediately felt myself blush as I tried to think of an excuse.
     “Oh, um, it’s a, uh, fashion statement.”
     “In London.” Alex added. I would have facepalmed myself if no one was here. Carly flashed a disbelieving look at me but she let it go because she was being nice. Carly looked from me and Alex to Danny and she glared at him.
     “You knew about them coming, didn’t you?” She accused. Dan looked down, ashamed. Carly looked from him to me. “Selena, go fix your shirt before everyone gets back.” She said, not angrily, but maternally. I nodded and Alex and I ran back to our room. When in our room, we shut the door and I slid off my shirt. I glared at Alex as I began to fix it.
     “In London?” I asked, tone full of sarcasm. He shrugged. 
     “Sorry, I had to add something.” I smiled and felt a small chuckle escape my mouth. I slid my shirt back on and gave Alex a quick kiss. He kissed me back and then we went to the living room. 
     Carly, Dan and Lapis were all sitting in the living room on the couches. When Carly saw us, she smiled and stood up. She ran up to us and hugged us once more.
     “Ok, all of my hug energy is gone now.” She reassured. Alex looked at her hopefully.
     “You sure?” He teased. “We’re not gonna have any random hugging sprees, right?” Carly scowled at him and then she gave me one more hug. As she hugged me she stuck her tongue out at Alex, both he and Dan chuckled.
     Finally, when Carly settled down, I noticed that there was still no one here. I looked at her and Danny.
     “Where is everyone?” I asked. Dan looked over his shoulder for half a second and then his eyes came back to me.
     “We’re having diner at the other house tonight, Carly just saw the car and was curious, that’s why we came over here.” I nodded.
     “How’s the new kid?” Alex wondered. Carly shrugged.
     “Well, he’s definitely young, I told Selena about him, did she get around to telling you?” Alex nodded. “Yeah, well, he’s a sweet kid, you’ll love him!” I smiled and looked back at the door.
     “Are you guys hungry?” Dan questioned. Alex and I both nodded and then Danny stood up. “Well, let’s go, I’m sure everyone’s gonna be happy to see you.” We smiled and then we began to head to the front door, Carly chatting as we walked. Lapis hopped off the couch and walked behind us, panting joyfully.
     As we walked over to the other house, I began to think of Bruce and the small dilemma with him. I know Alex had talked to him, but that didn’t mean we were better. When we got to the house, Carly and Dan entered and Alex, Lapis and I followed. Everyone was watching TV on a small television in the center of the living room. Randy was the first to look back, he looked at Carly and Dan and then he looked back at the TV. He did a doubletake when he realized that Carly and Dan weren’t alone. He looked back at me and Alex and then his mouth fell open a little.
     “Selena, Alex.” He mumbled. Everyone looked from the TV to him and then back to us. They all looked shocked at first and then happiness filled most all of their faces. Britney, Randy, Amber, and Michael all stood up and swarmed us instantly. The only ones who didn’t stand up were Bruce, John and Sam. Bruce and John, well, they didn’t have to come greet us and I figured Sam had no clue who the heck we were. As the pack came to greet us, Lapis hid under me, probably not wanting to get squished or trampled. When everyone was here, we felt arms wrapping around us and there was consistent talking.
     “Guys, guys, let them breathe!” Carly demanded. Everyone backed off at once, they all wore huge grins. Even though Carly told them to back off, Britney and Randy didn’t obey for long. Randy gave Alex a big hug and Britney did the same.
     “It’s good to see you man, is that your car outside of Carly and Dan’s house?” Alex nodded. 
     “Yeah, we got back maybe an hour ago.” Randy smiled and looked at me.
     “Mrs. Alex.” He joked as he wrapped his arms around me. I giggled and hugged him tight. The second Randy let me go, Britney’s arms flew around me and she embraced me.
     “Oh it’s so good to have you back!” She said in an overly excited way. I nodded.
     “It’s good to be back,” I said honestly, “we missed you guys.” She smiled and looked at Alex.
     “So why are you back? What happened, tell us everything.” Alex chuckled and nodded. 
     “Of course, but it’s kind of a long story so why don’t we go sit down. We’ll tell you everything in a minute.” Britney nodded and then we headed over to the couches. As we walked, Michael pat Alex on the back and Amber gave me a half hug and asked how I was doing. I replied and then she smiled and went over to Michael.
     When over at the couches, I stood by Alex and we approached Sam. Alex flashed a friendly smile and held out his hand. Sam smiled and they shook hands. 
     “Hey, I’m Alex.” 
     “I’m Sam.” Sam was cute! He had short strawberry blonde hair and his face was covered in freckles. He was maybe 5’ 8” and he was super skinny. He was adorable and he looked more like a Sammy than a Sam to me. Sam looked from Alex to me and then a huge smile formed on his face. He immediately held out his hand. “Hey, I’m Sam.” He said, trying to make his voice sound deeper than it really was, that just made him sound even more goofy. Randy laughed.
     “You got something wrong with your throat there Sammy?” He teased. Sam scowled at Randy and then he looked back at me.
     “They’re just jelly.” He reassured in the same deep voice. I smiled and crossed my arms.
     “You know, people who purposely change their voice, to make it deeper or higher, those people end up damaging their larynx, if they do it for long enough.” I was trying to scare the kid with facts. He stared at me and tilted his head a little.
     “Really?” He questioned in what sounded like his normal voice. I smiled.
     “There it is, that’s your voice.” He smiled at me and I returned the gaze. “I’m Selena.” 
     Alex and I sat down and we spent the next two hours talking about everything we had done from the moment we left to the moment we got back. Carly was nervous the whole time, she was just now realizing how dangerous all of this was and she nearly started crying when it got to the Aaron kidnapping me part. It was both funny and pitiful. When the pack knew everything, everything set aside the whole folletto thing, we made dinner and we ate. While eating dinner people began to ask us questions and discuss  everything. Randy looked at me and nodded.
     “Now, when you said you were trying to find your parents when you guys first left I had no clue what you meant. I had heard something about a car crash but I didn’t think they’d be dead.” I nodded, I suppose I should have explained that better to them beforehand.
     “Yeah, I never would have thought they were involved with vampires, Dedrick especially.” I said, getting a little off topic. Randy nodded.
     “And Dedrick, he’s the reason we have to do this every month, the killing pre-vamps?” John asked, this was the first thing he had said the whole time we had been back. I nodded.
     “But if he’s dead,” began Michael, “do we even have to do this any more?”
     “Well we wouldn’t have to, but you have to remember that Dedrick gave his charge to Nichole.” Alex responded. Michael nodded.
     “Ok, and that’s where Jesse went, to go and kill her?” Alex looked over at me to make sure I was ok. I smiled at him a nodded. He smiled back and then he looked at Michael.
     “Um, we actually don’t really know what happened to Jesse. After Selena killed Dedrick, he found out that Nichole was still alive and he left.” Britney shook her head.
     “I can’t believe the vampires took you guys. Why didn’t you call us when you thought you were in danger, we would have went and helped you.” I nodded.
     “I thought about that when they had Alex but I called and Carly said she was pregnant and I just, I couldn’t do that to you guys. Dedrick would have killed you right away, it wasn’t worth losing more people.” 
     “Well I’m glad you guys are back safe, and for good I hope.” Britney sort of asked in a way. Alex and I both nodded. 
     “Yeah, we’re here to stay for a while.” Alex promised. Everyone smiled and then we continued to talk. 
     When all of our explaining was done, Carly and Dan went home along with John and Sammy. Britney and Randy headed up to bed. When Michael and Amber were focused on the television once more, that only left one more person to deal with, Bruce. Bruce was sitting on a chair in the kitchen so Alex and I went there. We looked at him and then we took seats around the table, I sat close to Alex and we were on the other end of the table.
     “Hi Bruce.” Alex began, trying to be as kind as humanly possible. The corners of Bruce’s lips lifted just a bit, indicating that he was happy to see Alex. 
     “Hello Alex.” He then looked at me. “Selena.” He grumbled. I didn’t respond because I didn’t know what to say to him.
     “So,” Alex began once more, “last I talked to you Bruce, we left some ends untied. You and Selena got into a disagreement and you both acted irrationally. What are we going to do about this?” Alex had told me that he thought Bruce was the irrational one but Bruce would be expecting him to take my side so Alex had to keep things fair to get Bruce back on our good side. Bruce sighed and looked at me.
     “Your leaving to find your parents could have killed both you and Alex.”
     “But it didn’t.” Alex argued.
     “Never the less, Selena, you are disrespectful and stupid, but, I do believe that you have the potential to be an extraordinary shifter.” He paused and shook his head. “I’m not going to kick you out of the pack.” I smiled.
     “Thank you sir, I…” He shook his head. 
     “On one condition.” I saw this coming.
     “What’s the condition?” I wondered.
     “Samuel, he’s not getting it.” Bruce looked from me to Alex. “He’s failed all of the tests twice, he wasn’t able to pass the hand-eye coordination test so I made him try balnce and when he failed that I made him try speed. This child’s abilities are insufferable, he can’t learn.” I shook my head.
     “Everyone can learn.” I argued. Bruce smiled and looked at me.
     “I’m glad you think so Selena, you are now his teacher.” I chuckled, thinking he was joking, but he didn’t chuckled back, nor did Alex.
     “What, you’re serious? Bruce, I’m a new shifter as well, I can’t teach him.” 
     “Oh but weren’t you the one who killed Dedrick, the most powerful vampire alive?” He asked sarcastically. I stared at him. “Jackass.” I thought as I stared at Bruce.
     “Well, yes I did, but that was…”
     “I assure you Selena, if you can kill Dedrick you can train Sam to run without tripping.” Bruce looked over at Alex.
     “We have twelve days until the next full moon and eleven until the raid. Train up Sam by then.” Bruce looked back at me. “Can you do this Selena?” I looked at Alex for aproval and he nodded. I looked back at Bruce and nodded as well. 
     “Concider it done.” Bruce nodded.
     “Good, I’ll see you two bright and early tomorrow.” Alex nodded and we stood up.
     “Right, sounds good.” Alex mumbled as we walked over to the doorway. “Oh, and Bruce.”
     “Mmm…” He murmured.
     “My wife is not stupid, you’ll do well to remember that and mind what you say about her, can you do this?” Alex asked defensively. Bruce nodded very slowly as he stared at us.
     “Yes, I think I can.” Alex nodded.
     “Bright and early Bruce, bright and early.”













Chapter 12
  
     Alex, Lapis and I walked over to Carly and Dan’s house and then I thanked Alex for standing up for me and we talked a little before he went upstairs to go to bed. When Alex was asleep, I talked to Lapis, we were in the living room on the couch. We stopped talking when he said he was hungry, I then got up and we walked into the kitchen. When there, I saw Carly drinking some water. I poured Lapis some food and then I set it on the floor for him. I pet his head and he licked my fingers. Carly looked from Lapis to me.
     “He’s the sweetest thing, where’d you get him, I want one.” She joked. I smiled and looked back at him.
     “Alex and I just stumbled upon him.” Carly smiled and set down her cup of water. She looked nervous a little.
     “Selena, I uh, Alex was talking to me a little while ago and he said that you’ve been having problems.” 
     “What kind of problems was he refering to?” I questioned.
     “Well, he said that you’ve been seeing things.” I nodded slowly and I sighed.
     “Yeah, ever since Jesse bit me.”
     “What kind of things do you see?” She asked.
     “I’m not crazy or anything.” I promised. Carly laughed and shook her head.
     “I know that honey.” I smiled and looked down.
     “I’ve been seeing people, like, I saw Lapis and Dedrick and Kent and all of these people.”
     “Well Alex said he thought it was the venom but maybe it’s post-traumatic stress. I know that can cause flashbacks sometimes.” I shook my head.
     “No, I’m fine, I’m not stressed or anything and…” I stopped myself from speaking.
     “And what?” I looked at her with scared eyes.
     “I can have conversations with them, one of them talked to me like he was really there and I could talk back and it understood me and talked back.” Carly stared at me and shook her head a little. 
     “That’s unusual.” I half smiled.
     “I’m pretty sure I’m under the crazy person label now, right?” She laughed and shook her head.
     “No, not yet. Vampire venom, in doses under five, attacks the memories, those are the only things in your brain it can affect.” 
     “It’s been weeks Carly, it’s out of my system.” She stood there and tapped her foot a few times, deep in thought. 
     “Well, it’s slim, but there’s this very, very rare chance that when venom is injected into you, your shape shifter gene won’t fight it off, it just stays in your blood stream.”
     “For how long?” I whispered.
     “Until your body has all new blood, it can take anywhere from a week to a month.”
     “And how rare is this?” 
     “One in every five hundred shifters.” Lapis answered after he gulped down some food. I chuckled under my breath.
     “I’d be the one.” I joked. Lapis smiled and Carly stared at me.
     “What?” She asked. I shook my head. 
     “Nothing, continue.”
     “Um, well I don’t know how rare it is but it’s pretty rare.” I sighed and looked at her.
     “Do you think that’s it?” I hoped. She nodded with great hesitance.
     “Sure, and even if it’s not, it’ll go away.” I nodded and she walked up to me. Carly gave me a huge hug and then she kissed my forehead. “Go get some sleep, we have a lot to do tomorrow.” I nodded and she began to walk away. “Oh, and try to put your shirt on right-side-out tomorrow.” She taunted. I blushed and she laughed. “Night sweetheart.” 
     “Night.” Carly walked away and Lapis and I were alone. I looked at him and he stared at me.
     “This didn’t happen after Aaron bit you.” He stated. I shook my head.
     “No, it didn’t, but he didn’t bite me that long before Jesse did.” Lapis shook his head. 
     “You noticed things within the first few days after Jesse bit you, it would have been the same with Aaron.” I slowly nodded, knowing that he was right. Carly’s idea probably wasn’t correct, but I wanted to believe that it was so we talked no more of it.
     When Lapis was done eating, we headed back to the bedroom and I laid down by Alex who was sleeping like a log. I got under the covers and wrapped my arm around him and I laid my head on his shoulder. Lapis then hoped up on the bed and laid contently at our feet and then we all fell asleep.
     The next morning when everyone was up, Alex and I ate breakfast with John, Sam, Carly and Dan and then we all headed to the den, Carly said as soon as Sammy was done training, there would be no need to go to it. Since Alex and I were in charge of Sam, we took him and Alex told Sam everything he had told me. Sam already knew about everything because the pack had explained it to him, but we told him anyway and he listened eagerly as if this was all new stuff he was learning. When we were done talking to him, Alex knew where to start on his training, Alex wanted to start with speed, I guess he figured that Sammy should know how to run before anything else. Admittedly, the next week we spent training Sam was very difficult. He wasn’t terrible at the things we were teaching him, but if we put him in a raid now, he’d get killed right away.
     So, over the next seven days, we trained Sam in speed, coordination and balance and he got noticeably better. After we were done teaching him, he tried the tests again and he passed them. On July first, the day before the raid, Sam got done with all of his training. During the past ten days, Alex and I got back into the swing of things. We hadn’t heard from Jenn or Scott, I imagined they were busy trying to find Jesse and answers for Scott. We hadn’t heard from Jesse either but that wasn’t as bothersome as not hearing from Jenn. It was nice to be back with our family, I had missed Carly and Dan so much and they were very happy to have me and Alex back. Alex had given Randy his hat and Randy was ecstatic! Bruce and I didn’t talk much but that wasn’t a bad thing. John talked to Alex and I rarely but he wasn’t being mean, I wondered if that had anything to do with Jesse having constrained him or if it was more of an attitude change. I voted on the Jesse theory. 
     The pack had come down with the stomach flu in the past week. Poor Carly, on top of being pregnant and having morning sickness, she caught the stomach flu, it was safe to say she wasn’t feeling good. Everyone had caught it but me, John, Bruce and Randy. Shifters could still get sick, but we fought it off a lot quicker than humans, it was a two day cold for most everyone, three days for some of the girls. 
     My hallucinations didn’t stop, but I tried not to let them bother me. I’d see a random person every now and then but they’d disappear just as fast as they had appeared. None of them talked to me any more, I wasn’t sure why but it didn’t matter.
     Lapis was doing great, he wasn’t as sad about his family anymore. He wondered when the pulling feeling would stop. When a folletto goes to the person the pulling is coming from, Lapis said it should go away. I suggested maybe he had to be in his normal form and not just in the foxes body. He wasn’t sure, he said when he was with me, the pulling feeling wasn’t there until he went away from me. No one in the pack knew about my being able to talk to Lapis, none but Alex.
     I had gotten closer to Britney in the time we had been back. It was nowhere near as good of a friendship as Jenn and I shared but Britney was nice. She had a good sense of humor which was awesome. Her personality was the exact opposite of Jenn’s, Britney was bright and bubbly and she smiled a lot.
     The only other thing that really happened in the last ten days was Sammy, he had developed a… crush on me, so to speak. Alex and I both thought it was funny, it didn’t bother Alex, most likely because of Sam’s age. We tried to explain to him that we were married but that thought didn’t click in Sam’s head, probably because of our young ages. Eventually, Alex and I gave up on trying to explain it to Sam.
     On July second, the day of the raid, we all woke up early and ate breakfast. I had told Carly and Dan what Dean had told me during our first few days back, I told them about Nichole having the pre-vamps be trained. They told Bruce but he disregarded it, I supposed we would find out today if Dean had been right or not. All throughout breakfast, Dan tried to convince Carly to stay home but she argued that she would only stay home if Dan did. Dan wouldn’t stay home though because he believed me when I said that the pre-vamps would be different and he didn’t want anything to go wrong for anyone. 
     After breakfast, we went to the den and we went over our plans. As Bruce and Dan spoke of the raid, I could sense that Sammy was nervous, much like I had been on my first raid.
     “Ok,” Bruce concluded, “you all know the plans just stick together and be safe.” Everyone nodded and stood up. I looked over at Sam and cast him a friendly smile.
     “Hey, you’re gonna be fine you know.” I comforted. “You’re just gonna stick with me and Alex and we’re gonna help you. The raid sounds a lot worse than it really is, I promise.” He smiled and let out a deap breath.
     “Ok, I guess you’re right, what’s the worst that can happen?” I half smiled, if only he knew. I gave him a quick half hug and then I rubbed his head, messing up his ornately spiked hair. He smiled and then I walked over to Alex. I gave him a kiss and he kissed me back and wrapped his left arm around me. We both looked over at Sammy and Alex shook his head.
     “That kid.” He muttered. I giggled and nodded.
     “He’ll get over his crush and when he does I’m sure he’ll be like the annoying little brother I never had.” I joked. Alex looked from Sam to me and he smiled. He kissed my cheek and then he rubbed my back. 
     “Are you ready?” He wondered. I nodded and looked at him.
     “I think so.” I looked over at Carly for a second and then I looked back to Alex. “Do you think Carly’s gonna be ok?” I hoped. Alex looked back at her and began to nod as he looked back at me.
     “I think Carly’s a lot tougher than we give her credit for.” He reassured. I smiled and nodded as well, knowing he was right. 
     Ten minutes later, we were all ready to go. We all shifted and followed Dan and Bruce, the vampires were in an unoccupied house in Phoenix. Since they were inside of the city, we had to get up extra early. We got to the house where they were at around five in the morning. When gathering them up, we’d have to be very careful for a number of reasons. One, we were in small quarters so that put us in more danger. Two, we didn’t know what to expect from these vampires and three, since we were so close to people, it was dangerous for the humans. 
     When at the house, we quietly ran up to it, Randy, John and Britney were to go around back and get in through the back door and Bruce, Carly and Dan were gonna go through the front. Sam, Alex and I were to go upstairs and Amber and Michael were standing watch outside, they would catch any vampires that tried to escape. When Britney, Randy and John were at the back door, Bruce and Dan broke through the front door and then the raid began. After the front door was down, Alex, Sammy and I quickly ran in and up the stairs. When at the top of the stairs, Alex and I looked around. There were three rooms up here.
     “Which one first?” I questioned.
     “Go left.” Alex instructed. I did as he said and we went into the first room. Alex, Sam and I checked everything and when we saw nothing, we went to the next room. There were two vampires in here and, just as we had suspected, they were prepared. The two vampires had silver knives with them. Alex and I looked at them for a second but Sammy didn’t seem to notice the knife so he lunged at one of them. Before Alex and I could react, the male vampire shoved the kife into Sam’s arm. Sammy yipped and fell to the ground in human form. Alex and I immediately jumped on the male vampire and Alex bit his neck. We then backed off of him and the other vampire dropped her knife and began to run, exiting the room. I chased after her while Alex aided Sam. When in the hallway, I nipped at the girl, grabbing her shirt and yanking her back towards me. She hissed at me and turned around and bit my ear. I yipped and I reacted. I bit her on her waist and then an agonizing scream filled the room. The girl fell to the floor and clutched her side, screaming in pain. I regretted doing this the moment I saw blood spilling from her. I closed my eyes for a second as I listened to her screams and a few seconds later, it stopped. I hesitantly opened my eyes but that was the wrond thing to do. The girl was laying on the floor with open eyes, my saliva had melted her in half. I felt a violent shiver run through me as blood and organs spilled from her. I stared at her in horror until Alex and Sam came by my side. 
     “The upstairs is clear.” Alex said. I felt a horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach and I shifted. I tried to brush off the nausea but it didn’t work. I took a deep breath in and Alex shifted as well. “Babe, are you ok?” He asked as he rushed to my side and held me steady. I shook my head and gagged as I accidentally looked at the girl again. I shook my head once more and I ran back into the room where the two vampires had been in. “Stay here and keep watch.” Alex told Sam as he ran after me. I went to the corner of the room and my mouth began to water as I gagged again. Alex ran up to me and he held back my hair and I began to puke. A moment later, I felt better, the nausea was gone. I coughed a few times and then I looked back at Alex. He frowned and wrapped his arms around me. He hugged me tight.
     “Are you ok?” He asked, clearly scared for me. I nodded and took a deep breath in.
     “I’m sorry, I just, it was that girl, she…” I shivered again and Alex put his hand on the back of my head and he squeezed me tighter.
     “Sh, sh, sh, it’s ok, you’re fine.” He promised. 
     “I think I’ve got that cold Alex.” I whispered. He frowned and kissed my head.
     “It’s ok, come on, we’ll get you out of here ok.” I nodded and he let go of me and we shifted. We slowly began to walk out of the room until we heard Sammy beginning to growl. Alex and I ran into the hallway and we saw two more pre-vamps, knives in hand. Sam growled at them and they laughed.
     “Stupid dog.” One of them said humorously.
     “Let’s teach him some manners.” The other one suggested. Sammy growled louder, I could tell he was scared. As the vampires lunged for Sam, Alex and I ran up to him and threw them back. They hastily stood up and looked at us. Their faces went blank when they saw the three of us now. One of them turned around to run away and Alex lungged at him and bit his leg, causing him to fall down the stairs. The other one lungged at Alex and stabbed him in the shoulder with the knife. I felt a horrible pain run through me and I fell to the floor and yipped. Alex shifted to human form and fell down too, he let out a loud shriek of pain. The vampire smiled and then he put his foot on Alex’s lower back and began to push down harder. Alex and I both were in terrible pain. Sammy growled at the vampire and he jumped on him and bit his arm. The vampire got off of Alex and stumbled back a little. Sam bit his leg and then the vampire screamed and fell to the floor. When the vampire was vulnerable, Sam prepared to bite his head but he, much like me, made the mistake of looking the vampire in the eyes. He stood there, shocked and the vampire flung around his good arm and smacked Sam in the face, sending him through a wall. I got up, despite the horrible pain in my shoulder and I lungged at the vampire and I bit his neck. He then fell down and his head rolled off of his neck and down the stairs. 
     When the vampire was taken care of, I shifted and ran up to Alex. He was taking small breaths in.
     “What do I do?” I asked, terrified. Alex moved his head so that he was looking at me.
     “Pull it out, please.” He begged. I looked from his face to his shoulder. I couldn’t move my right shoulder so I put my left hand on the knife and I pulled it out. I felt a sharp pain as the knife came out of his shoulder. Instantly, Alex shifted and the pain went away. He shifted back and then he sat down on the floor. Sam had just gotten himself unstuck from the wall. He ran up to us and he shifted. 
     “Alex, are you ok?” He asked, frightened. Alex nodded and pat Sam’s shoulder. 
     “You saved my butt back there kid, thank you.” He said sincerely. Sammy smiled and looked at me. 
     “Selena, I’m so sorry, I tried to kill it but I just…” He stopped and looked down, ashamed. I frowned and pat him on the back. 
     “It’s fine Sam.” I reassured. “I couldn’t do it either when I first started.” He nodded and held out his hand, pulling me up, I then helped Alex up. Alex looked down stairs but the vampire who he had bitten wasn’t there, his leg was though. Alex shook his head and we all shifted and ran downstairs. 
     Everyone but Bruce, Carly and Dan were standing in the living room. We waited three minutes before they showed up. When everyone was here, we all shifted. Bruce looked at me and Alex. 
     “How many?” He asked.
     “Three pre-vamps, one got away.” Alex answered. Bruce looked at Randy.
     “Two.” Randy said. Bruce looked at Michael.
     “One sir.” Bruce sighed.
     “Carly, Dan and I caught one pre-vamp and one of the two mature vampires.”
     “Wait, two?” John asked. “There were two mature vampires?” Bruce nodded and looked away. Dan looked at me and then at Bruce.
     “Selena was right Bruce, they were prepared, they fought back.”
     “And they had knives, Randy and I got stabbed and we would have gotten killed if John wasn’t with us.” Britney said tearfully. Bruce sighed and looked at the front door.
     “I know, I didn’t think they were going to change.”
     “Even after she warned you countless times?” Carly said angrily. Bruce looked at Carly.
     “What do you want me to do Carly? I can’t go back and change the events of the raid. I made a mistake and I’m sorry but I can’t change what has happened. Three pre-vamps got away and one of the mature ones got away, I can’t change that.”
     “No,” Dan began, “but you can prevent it from happening in the future.” Dan shook his head and looked around. “Go get the wallets and then bring the bodies down here.” Everyone nodded and everyone but Bruce, Carly and Dan took off. 
     Sam, Alex and I went back upstairs and Sam grabbed the vampire that had attacked Alex and he began to drag it downstairs. Alex grabbed the two halves of the girl and took them down. I shook my head and stood silently for a minute. I heard a strange knocking sound coming from the room that Alex and Sammy had checked. I cautiously made my way to the room, it was a bathroom and in it was a shower, a toilet and a sink with a cupboard under it. That’s where the knocking sound was coming from. It was too small to fit a normal person down there, yet the door was moving. I stared at it curiously and I reached out and grabbed the handle and opened it. I heard a gasp and I jumped back, startled by what I saw. In the cupboard was a kid, he stared at me with wide, terrified eyes. I frowned and knelt down a little.
     “Hey, are you ok?” I asked, worried for the little kid. He didn’t reply. “Do you live here?” He still didn’t answer, he just stared at me, scared. I sighed. “Honey, I’m not going to hurt you, ok. Just answer my question, do you live here?” He shook his head several moments later. 
     “No.” He croaked.
     “Why are you here?” I inquired, though I already knew.
     “A man bit me and he took me here, he said we were special.”
     “We?” The kid nodded. 
     “Me and the others.” I frowned.
     “Are you ok?” I asked. The boy shook his head and began to cry. “Hey, hey, hey, it’s ok, it’s ok.” I promised. “How… how old are you sweetie?” He looked at me and wiped his eyes. 
     “I’m seven.” I frowned and felt my heart break. 
     “You’re gonna be ok, what’s your name?” 
     “Kyle.” He whispered.
     “Well Kyle, I promise I won’t hurt you, you just have to promise the same to me ok.” He nodded slowly. I half smiled and held out my arms. “Come on.” I urged. Kyle began to move around and he crawled out of the cupboard. When he was out, I stood up and held out my arms again. He walked closer to me and I picked him up. He wrapped his arms around my neck and his legs around my waist and he laid his head on my shoulder. He was heavy but not so heavy that I couldn’t carry him. I looked out of the bathroom door. “Alex.” I yelled. Seconds later, Alex came running up the stairs and to me. 
     “Selena, what’s wro…” He saw Kyle and he froze. “Selena, what are you doing?” He questioned. I frowned and felt a tear fall out of my eye. 
     “He’s a kid Alex.” I cried. Alex looked from me to Kyle and then he looked back at me with a heartbroken look on his face. 
     “Selena, Bru…” The second he opened his mouth, he closed it. Bruce was now by his side in wolf form. He looked from Alex, to me, to Kyle. He growled a little and Kyle’s head shot up and he looked down at Bruce. He screamed and jumped out of my arms, falling to the floor. Kyle got up and ran back into the bathroom, went and sat in the corner and covered his face with his arms. I looked from him to Bruce. 
     “Bruce, he’s just a kid.” I said defensively as I stood in-between Bruce and the doorway to the bathroom. Bruce ignored me and began to growl louder. I shook my head and Bruce took a step forward. “No!” I yelled. Alex looked from me to Bruce to Kyle and then he walked up to me and grabbed my hand. I looked at him with a confused face. Alex looked serious. I shook my head and looked at Bruce. “No, you can’t do this!” I yelled. Alex grabbed both of my hands and he moved me out of the bathroom. “No!” I screamed. When out of the bathroom, Alex wrapped his arms around me. I couldn’t see into the bathroom anymore, but I heard Kyle scream as Bruce entered into the bathroom. I burried my face in Alex’s chest and he put his hands over my ears and he rested his head on mine.
     Several moments later, Alex let go of me. I made haste as I ran back into the bathroom. Kyle wasn’t here any longer, there was just a pool of blood. I felt my heart stop for a moment, but my anger started it again. I slowly turned around and I exited the bathroom. As I walked passed Alex, he reached for my arms but I shook off his grip and continued to walk. Alex knew very well what I planned to do and he wasn’t going to try too hard to stop me. I ran down the stairs, all of the bodies had been picked up, there was just a bunch of blood that needed to be cleaned up before we left. I walked through the living room and into the backyard, everyone was back there. Bruce was throwing Kyle’s body onto the pile of bodies in the back yard. I, in anger, began to walk faster. I walked up to Bruce and I confronted him.
     “You’re a real dick Bruce, you know that?” I yelled. He looked back at me along with everyone else.
     “Excuse me?” Bruce asked. I shook my head.
     “What the hell was that? He was a kid!” 
     “No, he was one of them, a vampire.”
     “He was seven, are you so heartless that you would kill a kid?”
     “He wasn’t a kid, he was a vampire, he was dead anyway.”
     “Oh right, I forgot, you’ll kill anyone that’s a vampire, even your own daughter, Lexi was a vampire, right?” I knew that comment was a very bad one, but I didn’t really think when I was angry. I didn’t have a second to react to him, but the moment that statement exited my mouth, Bruce’s fist flew into my jaw. He punched me so hard that I fell back. Alex was on him quicker than a wink. He punched Bruce in the stomach, knocking him back. Randy, Michael and John were gathering around, trying to stop Alex, but he held out his hand, stopping them. Alex grabbed Bruce by the shirt and he picked him up.
     “I don’t really give a crap who you are Bruce, if you ever, ever touch my wife again I swear I will kill you!” He threatened. Alex punched Bruce once more, this time in the face and then Bruce fell back onto the ground. Bruce sat on the floor for a second, a little taken aback at what had just happened and then he stood up. He looked around at everyone.
     “Clean up the house and get rid of the bodies.” He said as he hurriedly walked into the house. Carly and Dan followed right behind him, they looked very angry and I figured they were gonna yell at him.
     The second Bruce was gone, everyone began to crowd around me, Sammy was freaking out more than anyone else. Alex pushed his way through everyone and he picked me up and cradled me in his arms. Alex carried me into the house and he set me down on the couch. He knelt down by me and he put his fingers on my lip, it was torn open and bleeding and my jaw was writhing in pain. I shifted when Alex moved his hand from my face and then the pain faded. When nothing hurt any more, I shifted back and I sat in front of Alex. He stared at me with angry eyes.
     “I’m so sorry, I should have stopped you, I should have…” I shook my head.
     “No, I kind of deserved that one.” I did deserve it, I always went for the most sensitive areas when trying to hurt people and that always ended poorly on my part. 
     “Bruce never should have laid his hands on you, no matter how angry he was. I swear, if he does it again I’ll…” I looked down, this stopped Alex from talking. “What’s wrong?” He asked a second later. I shook my head.
     “I told the kid that I wouldn’t hurt him, that I’d keep him safe.” Alex frowned and took my hand.
     “A year ago, I found a kid, a lot like Kyle. Well, I told her that she was gonna be fine and that we would help her. Bruce saw her and wanted her dead. I argued with him for a while but he was set on killing her.”
     “And he did?” Alex nodded and looked down.
     “There are decent people in the world, decent people who have morals and who care, Bruce just isn’t one of those people. He doesn’t think vampires are good or can be good.”
     “But they can be.” I argued. Alex nodded.
     “Yes, we’ve seen it, haven’t we? Jenn’s good, Jesse’s good, Scott’s good, Kent was good. Some people just have to see to believe.” I frowned.
     “How can Bruce see if he doesn’t want to?” I asked. Alex shook his head and got up on the couch with me. He put his hand on my back and I laid my head on his lap and felt a few small tears trickle down my cheek and soak into his pants. 
     A few minutes later, I saw someone standing in the doorway, looking at me and Alex. People had been coming in and out, cleaning up the blood and what not. They were planning on burning the bodies after the house was clean. I looked at the person in the doorway and recognized it to be Britney. She finally walked over to us.
     “Is she ok?” She asked Alex. Alex nodded as he stroked my hair. 
     “Yeah, she’s just upset.” Brit nodded and looked at me. 
     “Alex, why don’t you go talk to Sam, he’s freaking out.” Alex looked from Britney to me and then back to her and then he nodded. 
     “Yeah, alright.” Alex kissed my forehead and I sat up and let him go. When Alex was gone, Britney came and occupied his spot. She looked at me.
     “How are you feeling?” She asked. I nodded.
     “I’m great.” I said almost sarcastically. She frowned.
     “You don’t have to lie to me you know.” I half smiled and looked down. She sighed and put her right arm around my shoulder. “How’s your stomach? Sammy said you got sick.” I nodded. 
     “It’s better, I think I’m catching that flu though.” 
     “Or you were digusted.” She joked. I smiled and nodded. 
     “It could be either one I suppose.” I admitted. She smiled and hugged me tight. 
     “Well, I’ll tell you what, when all of this passes over, you and I will go and get food or something, just the two of us. We’ll have a girl’s day.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Sure thing.” She pat my back and we stood up and began to walk to the back yard.
     “Also,” she began again, “if it makes you feel any better, Carly and Dan are giving Bruce a piece of their minds.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Yeah, that does actually make me feel better, Carly’s mind is scary.” Brit laughed and shook her head. When in the backyard, Randy looked over at me and he ran up to us.
     “Hey, are you alright, we thought Bruce was gonna give you a concussion.” I laughed.
     “Pff, my grandma hits harder than him.” Randy and Britney both laughed and then Randy pat my back.
     “Well I’m glad you’re alright, you might wanna go talk to Sammy, he’s worried about you.” I nodded and looked at Britney, she nodded and I left her side and went into the house in search of Sam and Alex. They were upstair with wet towels, wiping up blood and rinsing the towles off in the sink. When Sammy saw me, he dropped the towel and ran over to me. He wore a huge smile.
     “You took that punch like a boss.” He complimented. I chuckled.
     “I fell on my ass like a boss.” I contradicted. He frowned.
     “Are you alright? Alex said you were fine but I wanted to hear it from you.” I smiled and gave him a hug. 
     “I’m fine Sam, thanks.” He smiled again and then he looked back at the towel.
     “You’d better go downstairs, there’s a lot of blood up here and we don’t want you to barf again.” I laughed.
     “You don’t want me to barf again for cleaning purposes or merely because you don’t want me to?” Sam laughed.
     “A little bit of both I guess.” I smiled and pat his head.
     “You did good.” I complimented as I walked passed him over to Alex. Alex looked at me and smiled.
     “Do you feel better?” I nodded. 
     “Much.” I looked around at the mess he was cleaning up. “Do you want some help?” I wondered. He looked from me to some blood on the floor and then back to me. He then shook his head and gave me a quick peck on the cheek. 
     “No, I’d rather you get Britney to take you home, go take a shower and clean up.”
     “My stomach really is fine now Alex.” He nodded in a disbelieving manner.
     “Still, you should go home, it’s been a long morning.” I slowly nodded and looked at Sammy.
     “You should listen to him, you need to sleep.” Sam instructed. I laughed and nodded. 
     “Alright.” I said as I gave Alex a quick kiss. “I love you.” He kissed me back and then gave me a little push.
     “Get Brit to take you home.” I nodded and walked downstairs.
     When downstairs, I saw Britney cleaning out a dirty towel over the kitchen sink. I walked up to her.
     “Hey, Alex wants me to go home, he asked if  you would go with.” She frowned. 
     “Are you feeling sick again?” She questioned. I shook my head. 
     “No, but Alex wants me to go home anyway.” She nodded and looked over at Randy. 
     “I just have one more thing I need to clean really quick and then we can go, ok.” I nodded.
     “Ok, sorry.” I murmured. She laughed. 
     “You’re pulling me away from cleaning up dead person Selena, don’t be sorry.” I chuckled and nodded. 
     “Right.” She smiled and took her now clean towel over to Randy and she began to talk to him. 
     As I waited by the sink for Britney to return, John came to rinse out his dirty towel. As he ran the water over the towel, he kind of began to talk.
     “Are uh, are you ok?” He asked quietly.
     “What?” I asked as I looked at him. He looked at me and shrugged.
     “Did Bruce hit you too hard?” I now understood.
     “Oh, no, I’m fine, thanks.” He nodded and went back to cleaning.
     “I uh, I was thinking about it and,” he looked back at me with a serious face, “I was Bruce, when I hit Alex that one time.” I bit my lip and looked down. I shrugged.
     “Well, with you it was different, Bruce is pack leader and you…”
     “Have no excuse. I have no excuses for being an ass.” I half smiled and looked up at him.
     “I’ve been an ass too though.” He chuckled and shook his head. 
     “The difference between us Selena is that you have to work really hard to be one, I don’t.” He shook his head and looked at me. “I’m sorry.” He said, more sincere than I had ever heard him be. I smiled and shook my head.
     “You don’t have to be sorry John, we all do things that we regret doing, we shouldn’t have to spend forever worrying about it.” He smiled and nodded.
     “Right.” He wiped his wet hand on his jeans and he held it out once it was dry. I took it and we shook. “Truce?” He hoped. I smiled and nodded.
     “Truce sounds good.” He smiled and wrung out the towel. He nodded at me before he left.
     When John was gone, I waited another second and then Britney showed up. She smiled at me.
     “Are you ready to get going?” She asked. I nodded and then she put her hand on my back and began to lead me to the front. When outside, we shifted, it was seven, we had been here for nearly two hours. Once we shifted, we began to run home and I began to think. I had never thought John would end up being on my side before Bruce was. John wasn’t the top priority on my mind though. We needed to do something about Bruce or else bad things were going to start happening in the pack.






















Chapter 13

     The next few days were hard. John and I caught the flu so we held off leaving for Nevada for a few days. I felt horrible, I couldn’t eat breakfast or dinner. I could sometimes eat lunch without getting so nauseous I’d puke, but for the most part, Alex and Carly fed me broth. I couldn’t keep down medicine and, just my luck, my body didn’t want to fight off the cold so I had it for four whole days. Carly fought off the cold faster than I did, and she was pregnant! John was over it the day after he caught it. 
     We finally got everything packed up and ready on the sixth, by then I was ok enough to travel without throwing up. Our pack was heading to Tonopah, Nevada. We never went to California because it already had so many shifters, so we skipped it all together.
     We got to Tonopah late on the sixth and we unpacked and settled in. I still wasn’t feeling too great but I assumed it would be over by tomorrow. Bruce and I hadn’t talked at all since the incident, he stayed away from both me and Alex. I assumed that Carly and Dan had scared him pretty bad and that’s why he was so distant. He and Danny planned to prepare differently this time, they were assuming that the next raid was gonna be like the previous one, minus the puking and fighting.
     John and I were getting along pretty well and dare I say, I actually found myself enjoying his company. He and Alex… not so much. You see, as hard as John tried to be nice to Alex, they were the two people in the world that no matter what they did, they were constantly at each other’s throats. So, naturally, John and Alex were not improving.
     Carly was just now getting over her morning sickness, she was about four months into the pregnancy. Her stomach was getting bigger and bigger every week. Carly said every now and then she could feel the baby kick but it wasn’t very active yet. We all waited for December to come eagerly.
     Lapis was still doing fine, I had talked to him a lot about Bruce and asked what he thought was best to do. Lapis thought that Bruce was unfit to be a pack leader and that Carly and Dan should take over for him, but the only way they could would be if Bruce let them be, which was very unlikely, or if he died. Lapis encouraged me to do what was right for the pack, but I didn’t think killing Bruce would have positive effects, not unless he got so out of controll that he had to be killed.
     I still hadn’t heard from Jenn and Scott, I hoped they were ok and I hoped that they would be able to find us later.
     The Fourth of July had been fun, you know, despite being sick. We had watched fireworks in Phoenix and we hung out and watched TV. 
     I was still seeing things, maybe one thing every two or three days but that was it. Lapis had no clue what it could be, he spent long amounts of time lost in thought, trying to figure out what was wrong with me. I tried to convince him that I was just crazy but he wouldn’t hear of that.
     The house in Tonopah that we moved into was nice, it was outside of town and was unoccupied. We didn’t have to rent it or anything, it was awesome. It was two stories so it was pretty big and we had an endless backyard, there was no fence so the dessert was our backyard. 
     When I woke up on July seventh, I felt better, better than I had in a few days so Britney decided that today was gonna be our girl’s day. 
     I sat on the couch and stared at the ceiling, I was waiting for Britney to be ready to go. Alex, Randy and Michael were all watching TV, Alex and Randy were sitting on the couch with me discussing the football game they were watching. Carly was in the kitchen with Dan, experimenting with food, John and Sam were outside playing football and everyone else was in remote areas of the house. A moment later, Alex looked at me.
     “Are you sure you want to do this today?” He asked. “You just got better.” I nodded.
     “Yes, I’m possitive, I’m hungry so I’m sure.” Randy smiled, he was wearing his bright yellow hat, he was a spitting image of The Man with the Yellow Hat, although Randy’s hat wasn’t so tall.
     “Just be sure not to order anything too fancy.”
     “Pff!” Carly exclaimed from the kitchen. We waited a second and she stuck her head out of the doorway and she looked over at us. “I say you order something way fancy.” Randy chuckled.
     “Like salad?” He taunted. Carly was on a ceasar salad binge, she was crazy about it right now so that little comment Randy had made was very sarcastic. Carly scowled at Randy and then she looked at me. 
     “Get fish and chips.” I stared at her and tilted my head. 
     “Why?” I wondered.
     “Because, that’s exotic and if you don’t like it, you can bring lots home to me.” I laughed and nodded.
     “Right, well uh, I’ll try my best to get you those ‘exotic’ fish and chips.” She winked at me and went back into the kitchen.
     I waited five more minutes before Britney was ready.
     “I’m ready to go, are you?” She asked as she grabbed Randy’s wallet off of the small table by the front door. I nodded and watched as she walked up to Randy. She gave him a quick kiss and then she looked at me. “I’ll be out in the car, ok?” I nodded and she took off. I looked at Alex and I gave him a peck on the cheek. 
     “I’ll be back later.” I promised. He smiled and gave me a quick hug.
     “If you feel sick at all come home, alright.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Alright, I love you.” He smiled and I got up and ran to the front door. I exited the house and then I ran to the car that Britney was sitting in. I got in and then she began to drive. We talked on the way to town, Brit asked me some questions about Jenn and Jesse and I answered best I could.
     When we got to the restaurant, we were seated and we ordered our food. I got fish and chips, like Carly had instructed and Britney got a hamburger. While we waited for our food, I sipped on an iced tea and Britney drank a root beer. As we waited, we talked. 
     “It’s gonna be fun having a baby around, don’t you think?” Britney began. “Do you think it’ll be a boy or a girl?” 
     “I think she’ll have a girl.” Britney stared at me and tilted her head.
     “And why do you think that?” I shrugged. 
     “Because I think having a little sister would be amazing!” She chuckled and then our waitress set our food in front of us and she took our drinks to refill them. 
     Britney immediately took a huge bite of her burger. I looked at my food, I was starving but I wasn’t sure what this tasted like so I took a small bite of it. When I decided I liked it, I began to scarf it down hungrily.
     “I hope Carly goes to the hospital to get an ultrasound.” Britney said as she swallowed a bite of food. 
     “Why?” I wondered. She shrugged. 
     “Because I don’t feel like calling the baby ‘It’ the whole pregnancy.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Well, knowing Carly, she won’t want to either.”
     I had been so happy in the morning when I woke up and was feeling better, but, halfway through my meal I began to feel the nausea returning to me. I should have listened to Randy and gotten something light and simple but I hadn’t. As I sat there, feeling more sick every second, Britney began to notice the change in my behavior.
     “Are you ok Selena?” She asked as she set down her hamburger. I slowly shook my head.
     “No, I don’t feel right.” She frowned.
     “Are you still sick?” I shook my head.
     “No, it’s been nearly a week, I’m not still sick.”
     “You know shifters don’t always get over flus fast.” I frowned.
     “In that case, yes, I think I’m gonna get sick.” I whispered. She nodded.
     “Alright, I’ll get us some boxes.” I nodded and stood up. I quickly made my way through the restaurant back to the bathrooms. When in the restroom, I ran back to a stall and I closed the door behind myself. I ran over to the toilet and I knelt down. The most uncomfortable thing was throwing up in a public bathroom.
     A few minutes later, when I was done, I got up and flushed the toilet. I staggered over to the sink and I turned on the water. I washed my hands and then I cupped them and began to rinse out my mouth. When the nasty, bile taste was out of my mouth, I washed my hands again and I dried them off. When I felt all better, I left the bathroom and went back to Britney. She was sitting at our table and the food was all packed up and ready to go. Britney’s face was filled with concern.
     “Hey, are you alright?” She asked. I nodded.
     “Yeah, I’m just still sick I guess.” She frowned and looked out of the window. A moment later she looked back at me.
     “Well, I was gonna head down to the gas station and pick up a few things for Carly but I can get it tomorrow.” I shook my head in protest.
     “No, no, I’m fine now, really, we can go get it for her.” Brit stared at me with a disbelieving face.
     “Are you sure?” I nodded.
     “Yeah, I’m fine.”
     Britney and I paid for our food and then we took the boxes to the car. We stuck them in the back and then we walked over to the gas station. We entered the small store and then Britney began to scan the isles.
     “What exactly does Carly need?” I questioned. 
     “Oh uh, she’s having back pains so she asked if I could pick her up some Pamprin or something.” I nodded and we entered the isle we needed to be in. We walked over to the medicines that were in the female needs isle. Brit grabbed two different kinds of medicine and then she paused. She stared at something for a second. She shook her head and then she looked at me.
     “So um, how long do you think you’ve been sick, four days?” I shrugged.
     “Four, five days, why?”
     “What triggers your nausea?” She said, ignoring my question.
     “Breakfast meals, the smells gross me out, I’ve been eating lunch and a little bit of dinner.” She nodded and looked down at the medicines in her arms.
     “Yeah, Alex said you haven’t been eating breakfast.” I nodded.
     “I don’t really see a point, I just puke it up anyway.”
     “Maybe try eating toast, I know that’s what Carly had been doing.” I shrugged.
     “Maybe, if it keeps up I’ll try it.”
     “So,” Britney pressed on, “is anything else going on, health wise I mean?” The only people in the pack who knew about my hallucinating were Alex, Carly, Dan and Lapis and I planned on keeping it that way.
     “No, other than being sick, I’m fine.” She nodded.
     “How’s your period, not to be too creepy.” I laughed and sighed. 
     “Um, it’s been off, I’ve only gotten it once since I turned and it was only for two days.” Brit nodded.
     “That’s normal, my cycle didn’t get back to normal for about six months.” I stared at her confused. 
     “What’s with the sudden interest in my health?” I interrogated. She shook her head and looked down. 
     “I just had a thought is all, it was stupid.” I half smiled and crossed my arms.
     “What was your thought?” She looked back up at me.
     “Um,” she laughed, “well Selena, is it possible that maybe you could be pregnant?” I paused, shocked at her question. When it finally processed through my mind, I shook my head.
     “No, no way, I mean,” my voice slipped down into a whisper, “I can’t be pregnant Brit, we’ve only had sex…” I counted in my head, trying to count every time. I was too embarrassed to fess up the many, many times we’d had sex so I bit my lip. “Er, never mind.” I whispered. Britney looked like she wanted to giggle but she held it back.
     “It doesn’t matter how many times you’ve done it, it only takes once Selena.” I froze and seriously began to think this over. The more I thought of it, the more it seemed possible to me. The nausea in the mornings, I’d been sick for almost a week where others only had the flu for two or three days. My period, I hadn’t gotten that this month, I should have gotten it on the fourth if my cycle was normal. And the hallucinations, that could be linked to being pregnant, couldn’t it? I looked from the floor to Britney, she looked concerned.
     “You’re probably not pregnant Selena, maybe all of these things are just flukes.” I shook my head.
     “No, no, that has to be it.” I said surely. “It explains everything, the morning sickness, my period, and Jenn…” Britney shrugged.
     “What about her?”
     “Before I left, both Jenn and Scott said something was off about me. And then there’s the hallucinations.” 
     “Hallucinations?” “Damn she’s perceptive.” I thought to myself, knowing that I was the idiot who wasn’t thinking straight enough to controll my tongue.
      “Um, I uh, I didn’t want to tell too many people, Carly, Dan and Alex know but I… I’ve been seeing things.” She tilted her head a little.
     “Seeing things? How long has this been going on for?” She hinted.
     “Um, it started a few days after Jesse bit me and injected his venom into me.” She frowned.
     “What do you see exactly?” I sighed, sorry I had said anything.
     “I see people from my past, like Dedrick and Aaron and Jesse, Jenn, anyone pretty much, anyone that I know. I even saw my old friend Leah.” Britney looked intrigued. “Just uh, please don’t say anything, not even to Randy.” She frowned.
     “How come you haven’t told anyone?” I stared at her, my eyes full of sarcasm.
     “Because that puts me in the ‘crazy person’ file.” I joked. She half smiled and sighed.
     “Alright, I won’t tell anyone on one condition.” I frowned.
     “What’s the condition?”
     “You have to let me buy you a pregnancy test and you have to tell me if it comes back positive.” I half smiled and I gave her a hug.
     “Thank you, and of course I’ll tell you.” She smiled as well and then she grabbed one off of the shelf. 
     Britney and I bought the items and then we walked back to the car. The drive home was a quiet one, Brit said a few things but not much. I had too much going through my mind to talk about anything. I kept on thinking how this made sense, being pregnant, that had to be it, it fit. Even though I wasn’t positive, I had this feeling, like I was pregnant. Perhaps it was more of a dim hope. I was both happy and scared, I was happy because it was a baby and there’s nothing sad about babies, but, I was scared of how Alex was going to react. He had told me that he didn’t want kids and I had told him that I did, our view points were different on the matter. “What if he’s upset? What if he doesn’t want the baby?” I thought. “No, he’d be happy… wouldn’t he?” I argued with myself the whole way home, contemplating whether or not to tell Alex that I was gonna take a pregnancy test. I really didn’t want to get his hopes up, or worry him, so I decided that I’d keep it to myself, at least until I knew for sure.
     When we got home, Britney parked the car and then we got out, she gave me the test and I put it in my pocket. Brit carried the food and Carly’s medicine and then we went inside. The second Britney and I entered the house, Alex and Randy’s heads turned and they looked at us.
     “Hey.” Greeted Randy. “You guys are back early.” Brit nodded.
     “Yeah, we ate pretty quick.” 
     “Did you have fun?” Randy hinted. Britney smiled and nodded.
     “Yeah, it was great!” She looked down at the bags in her hands. “Hey I have some stuff for Carly, where is she?” Randy pointed at the kitchen. 
     “She’s still in there with Dan.” Brit nodded and looked at me.
     “You gonna be ok?” She whispered. I smiled and nodded.
     “Yeah, thanks.” She pat my back and left for the kitchen. When Britney was gone, Alex looked over at me and smiled.
     “How’d it go, do you feel ok?” He questioned. I nodded. 
     “Yeah, I feel great, um, I’ll be right back, ok.” He nodded with a confused look on his face as I made haste to the bathroom.
     I closed and locked the bathroom door behind me and then I grabbed the little box out of my pocket. I took the test out of the box and I read through the instructions as fast as possible without skipping over words. I was supposed to take the test right after I missed my period and it normally should have started a few days ago. I thought back a little farther and Alex and I had gotten married right around when I normally would have gotten my period. Everything fit and I was ready to prove it.
     I took the pregnancy test and then I set the little tube on some toilet paper I had laid out on the counter. I had to wait three minutes before it would show me the results so I sat down on the floor and I hugged my knees. I wrested my head in-between my knees and I counted.
     The next three minutes were the longest minutes of my life. It felt like hours and I kept saying the same numbers again and again. Finally when I decided it was time to check, I stood up and grabbed the test, not looking at it. I was really scared to see the results, if it was positive, I’d be happy for the baby but scared about Alex and if it was negative I’d be happy about Alex but sad about the baby. I decided to stop arguing with myself and just look at the test. I felt my heart sink when I saw the results said negative. There was this hurt feeling, like someone had shoved a dagger through my chest. “I’m a stupid girl!” I yelled in my head. “Of course I’m not pregnant, it was a stupid idea. It doesn’t matter.” As much as I told myself ‘it didn’t matter,’ I was really sad. There was a small hope that maybe there was a chance, but now that I thought of it, there was no chance at all. I hadn’t gotten my period in a few months and that’s because I was turned and it wasn’t morning sickness, it was the flu. “But Jenn and Scott, what about them?” I asked myself. “They said something was off about me. There is something off about me, but it’s not a baby, vampires can’t know if people are pregnant.”
     After a few minutes of arguing with myself, I felt like I was going to break down crying, but I tried to hold it back. I angrily wrapped the test in toilet paper and I threw it away. I unlocked the door and hurried to my room. When there, I entered and closed and locked the door behind myself. I wanted to be alone for a while, but of course, Lapis was laying on the bed. He looked at me and I sighed, letting one tear fall from my eye.
     “Selena, what’s wrong?” I frowned and sat down on the floor, leaning my back against the wall. Lapis hopped off the bed and came and sat in front of me. “What happened?” He wondered. 
     “I got myself excited for nothing.” I said, angry with myself.
     “What’s this nothing you’re refering to?” I paused, sighed and looked at him.
     “Britney, she uh, she thought that maybe I was… but I wasn’t and now I’m sad.”
     “Britney thought you were what Selena?” I looked at him and another tear fell from my eye.
     “She thought I was pregnant, and I thought I was pregnant.” I felt more tears begin to fall and I wasn’t trying to hold them back any more. Lapis frowned.
     “Why do you think you’re not?” He asked.
     “I took a pregnancy test and it came back negative.” Lapis chuckled.
     “Those don’t always work.” He comforted. I shook my head. 
     “I know that, but this one did.” Lapis tilted his head a little.
     “Why so little faith? You’ll know if you’re pregnant better than a manmade test will, will you not?” I nodded slowly.
     “I guess so.” I mumbled. Lapis smiled and licked my fingers.
     “Don’t cry Selena, if today isn’t your day, that doesn’t mean tomorrow won’t be.” I sat there for a minute and thought about what he meant. When I finally got it, I nodded and looked at him. 
     “I’m sorry.” I said as I wiped my face dry. Lapis looked confused.
     “For what?”
     “For crying.” He frowned and crawled a little closer to me. 
     “Having kids is a dream of your’s Selena, we’re all upset when our dreams don’t happen when, where and how we want them to.”
     “What was your dream?” I wondered aloud. Lapis half smiled.
     “My dream cannot come true.” I frowned at him.
     “Why not?” I wondered.
     “It is not in this realm.” I looked down, feeling bad for him.
     “What was your dream Lapis?” I asked once more. He was silent for a moment until he decided to answer.
     “I was to lead my people when my parents saw it fit. I can’t do this any more.” 
     “If you’re not there, who’s going to lead?” 
     “My parents will let my sister, Katarina lead, she will have to.” I stared at him and frowned.
     “How does a folletto die?” I asked, not knowing if they could die.
     “I’m afraid I can’t tell you that.”
     “Why not? I’m not gonna kill you.” He laughed and shook his head.
     “I know that, it’s very complicated and to answer your question I would have to tell you more than I’m allowed to.” I sighed and nodded. 
     “Right, well forget I said anything.” Lapis smiled. “And I’m sorry Lapis, I’m sorry that you’re stuck here with me.” He shook his head.
     “Sometimes our dreams can’t come true because there are more important things or people we have to take care of.” I frowned. 
     “I’m not more important than your people.” 
     “Maybe not in your eyes but in ours…” He shook his head and stopped talking, he was done with our conversation. Lapis stood up and he walked over to the bed and hopped back up.
     “Thank you.” I said as I stood up. He nodded and laid his head on his paws, trying to return back to sleep.
     I opened the door and then I walked out into the hallway. The light in Carly and Dan’s room was on and I heard Britney and Carly calling me.
     “Selena.” Carly called. I walked over to the door and I peeked in the room. Carly and Brit were on the bed, urging me to come in. I walked in, closing the door behind myself. Both of them looked at me with expectant faces, Britney must have told Carly. Carly pat the bed and I went and sat by her. 
     “I told Carly, I’m sorry.” Britney confessed. I shook my head. 
     “It’s fine.” Carly smiled.
     “So, what did it say?” I frowned and shook my head.
     “It came back negative, but those things aren’t always right.” Carly nodded slowly and Britney put her hand on my shoulder.
     “Are you ok?” She asked. I nodded.
     “Yeah, maybe it was wrong.” I said trying to stay positive. Carly shook her head.
     “What made you guys think you were pregnant?” Britney and I exchanged looks and then we both shrugged. 
     “I’ve had nausea and I missed my period.” 
     “How many times have you gotten you period since you turned?” She inquired.
     “Once, but it was only for two days.” I muttered.
     “That one time you got it, did you get it when you were supposed to and did it come on time?” I shook my head.
     “No, no, it didn’t.” Carly let out a long sigh.
     “Honey, I think the test was probably right. Most woman can’t have babies until a year after they turn. The odds of you getting pregnant aren’t very good.” I frowned and nodded. 
     “I know, it’s just, it could happen, the test could have lied.” I was holding onto that little bit of hope Lapis had put into me.
     “I talked to Carly about it and I’m sorry Selena.” Britney began. “I should have asked her what she thought before I got your hopes up.” I frowned.
     “So in your opinions, there’s no chance at all?” I was just a little bit frustrated. Carly and Brit both nodded.
     “I’m sorry sweetie.” Carly whispered. I shook my head and stood up.
     “No, it’s fine.” I grumbled as I walked over to the door. “I’m not ready to be a mom anyway.” I said under my breath as I left the room.
     I ran downstairs and then I walked passed the living room, making eye contact with no one. 
     “Hey.” Alex said, stopping me. I stood still and watched as he hopped off of the couch and came to my side. “How are you feeling, you took off right when you got back.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, I’m still feeling a little sick, I’m gonna go get some air.” I said as I pointed at the front door.
     “Let me come with you.” He offered. I shook my head, more angry than I should have been.
     “I’m fine Alex, I’m just gonna go for a walk.” He frowned, not sure why I was acting the way I was. 
     “Are you sure you don’t want me to come with you? I just don’t want you to faint or something?” He said letting me know that he wanted to help. I let out a deep breath and I shook my head.
     “No, I’m ok, really.” I said more calmly. He nodded and sat back down, looking back at me every few seconds. Before he could ask any more questions, I left the house. 
     When I was outside, I looked around, took a deep breath in and then I began to run. I was running away from the house, I didn’t know exactly where I was going but I wanted to get away for just five minutes. After several minutes of running, I found a large rock and I walked up to it and I sat down. I looked down at the ground and I took a deep breath in, catching my breath. As I breathed, I began to feel an overpowering wave of sadness flow over me and I didn’t know why. I began to feel tears streaming from my eyes and I burried my face in my hands. “Why am I crying?” I asked myself. “I’m not this sad about it, am I? I was fine until Carly and Britney went off and ruined it. They weren’t trying to be mean, they’re just worried.” As I was in thought, I heard a running sound so I looked up. John was running up to me in wolf form. When he was by me, he shifted.
     “Hey, Sam’s being a retard and we can’t get him to stop, can you come talk some sense into hi…” John looked at my wet face. “Were you crying?” He asked. I shook my head and wiped my eyes.
     “No, I was sweating.”
     “From your eyes.” He said in a sarcastic way. I half smiled. “Why were you ‘sweating’ from your eyes?” He interrogated. I didn’t answer him. He finally shrugged a minute later. “Fine, don’t tell me, but I still need your help with Sammy.” I nodded, stood up and began to follow him.
     As we walked, the silence was killing me so I began to talk.
     “I wasn’t sweating.” I murmured. He chuckled and nodded.
     “Yeah, I gathered that, what happened?” I looked at him, deciding if I wanted to tell him or not. I thought I did so I answered his question.
     “I thought, and it was a stupid idea, but I thought that maybe I was… pregnant.” John shrugged.
     “Why is that stupid?” He questioned.
     “Carly said the odds are really bad.” 
     “Maybe they are, did you take a test?” I nodded.
     “It’s not happening.”
     “And you’re sad about it?” I scowled at him.
     “Of course I’m sad about it!” I said as if that should have been obvious to him. He held his hands out in front of himself in defense. 
     “Sorry, it’s just, it’s a kid Selena.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, so?”
     “I didn’t mean it in a bad way, it’s just, are you even ready to take care of a kid?” I stopped walking and thought it through, I suppose he did have a point, I mean, if I had a kid now, that would change everything. “What does Alex think of all of this?” John asked as soon as we started walking again. I shook my head.
     “I didn’t tell him.” John stopped walking this time and he flashed a disapproving frown at me.
     “Selena, he’s your husband, you probably should have told him before anyone else.” I stopped walking too and I looked back at John.
     “The test came back negative, it doesn’t even matter.”
     “If it doesn’t matter, why the hell are you bugging me about it?” He asked, trying to make a point. I froze, unable to think of a response to that. “Selena, it does matter because one day, when that test comes back as positive, it’s not just gonna be your baby. There was a chance that you were pregnant, that’s a chance that you could have had Alex and your baby. Whether that test is negative or positive, you need to tell him, because it’s his kid too.” I now felt very guilty because I knew John was right, I knew I should have already talked to Alex. Alex should have been the first person I went to but he wasn’t.
     “You’re right.” I admitted. He smirked at me and we began to walk again. We were both quiet for a little until I began to speak again.
     “How’s this whole getting along with Alex thing suiting you?” I asked. John looked at me sarcastically and I laughed. “Right.” I mumbled.
     “I can’t help it, Alex is the one person that no matter what he does I want to literally kill him.” I chuckled. 
     “You’re that person for him.” Jonh half smiled and kicked a rock that was on the ground, sending it flying into a bush.
     “Maybe I just need to be the bigger person, Alex is a good guy and he’s the bigger person all the time, maybe I should try it. Whenever I talk, I just say the wrong thing.” I laughed.
     “Maybe you just shouldn’t talk.” I teased. John scowled at me and gave me a little push, causing me to sway a little. I returned the push and then we smiled and continued to talk as we walked.
     When we got back to the house, we went straight to Sam and got him to settle down. He was running around the house singing Don’t Trust Me and Sexy And I Know It. I sat him down and explained to him that these songs sucked, the lyrics did anyway, and he should spare everyone in the house. You see, as sweet and sincere as Sammy was, he was stuck in a thirteen year old’s body forever. That meant he would probably stay in the mental state of a thirteen year old as long as he lived. We wouldn’t have cared about him singing if he wasn’t so darn horrible, he couldn’t sing for the life of him but he thought he was amazing.
     After I was done talking to Sam and he was all settled, John thanked me and then I took off to go see Alex. All day I tried to find a good opportunity to talk to him alone, but we were occupied all day long. When I got back to him, we talked for a minute about the game he had been watching and then Randy, John and Michael went outside to go toss around the football and Alex wanted to join. Amber and I talked outside on the back porch as the boys played. We talked about sports and the boys’ interest in it for a while until Carly and Britney called us in for dinner. I was feeling better so I ate and was fine. At dinner everyone one talked, as usual, Bruce avoided me. After dinner, we all cleaned up and then Sam wanted to play Clue. Alex, Britney, Amber, Carly Sam and I all played and then when the game was over we talked and Dan joined us. We all exchanged stories until people began to retreat to their rooms, tired from the long day. I was unable to talk to Alex until we were up in our room. When he was laying on the bed, I shut the door and looked over at him. Lapis was sleeping with Carly and Dan tonight because he wanted to give me and Alex some privacy. I walked over to the bed and I laid down by Alex. He wrapped his arm around me and I laid my head on his chest. 
     “So,” he began, “I was thinking that maybe we could take some of the money we have and we could buy an Xbox. Kent and I had so much fun with it and I think the pack would love it.” I nodded slowly, deep in thought. 
     “Yeah, sounds great.” Alex frowned and looked at me. He put his hand by my face and he stroked my cheek. 
     “Are you ok?” He hoped. “You’ve been weird ever since you got back from lunch with Britney. Did something happen between you two?” I shook my head.
     “No, no, not at all, I just uh,” I moved a little so that I could look at him, “Alex, I took a pregnancy test today.” He froze and stared at me for a long second. 
     “Oh…” He babbled. “Oh!” He said louder as soon as it clicked in his head. He sat up and I did the same. “Is it… am I… are we…” He took a deap breath in and then he let it out. “Are you pregnant?” He sounded way more excited than I thought he would be, his excitement broke my heart. I looked down and I felt my eyes tear up a little. Alex’s face sank as he stared at me. “Baby I’m sorry.” He said, more worried for me than anything. I frowned and looked up at him.
     “I know this is stupid but I was so excited Alex.” As I said this a tear trickled down my face. Alex saw it and he wrapped his arms around me.
     “Hey, it’s ok, shh.” He comforted as he held me tight. “Pregnancy tests don’t always work, why don’t you take another one?” He suggested. I shook my head and looked up at him.
     “Carly talked to me about the odds, I’m not pregnant Alex.” He frowned and hugged me again. As he hugged me, he laid his head on mine and rocked me back and forth. After a few minutes, I composed myself enough to talk. 
     “I guess it’s a good thing, you don’t even want kids.” I whispered. Alex shook his head and let me go. He looked at me with very serious eyes. 
     “That’s not exactly true.” I stared at him, confused.
     “But you said you didn’t want them.” He shook his head.
     “I love kids Selena, it’s just, when you asked if I wanted kids it took me by surprise and I was making excuses.” 
     “Why?” I questioned. He sat there for a second and then he shook his head and looked at me.
     “I don’t want to be my dad Selena, I’m so afraid I’m going to be like him and ruin our baby’s life. I always swore to myself that I would be nothing like my father when I grew up. I think a lot of kids say they don’t want to be like their parents but they end up being just like them anyway though.” I shook my head and rested my hand on Alex’s face.
     “Alex, you are nothing like your father.” I said this clear and concisely. “You’re a great man and when we do have kids, they’re not going to have to ask if you’re a great man, they’re gonna know.” I shook my head and smiled at him. “Don’t you ever think you’re like your father because you’re not, you’re nothing like him.” I swore. Alex closed his eyes, and nodded. He opened them a minute later and then he wrapped his arms around me and kissed me, and everything was better.











Chapter 14

     On August first we had the raid, it went much better than the previous raid. Bruce and Dan had planned on every possible thing that could go wrong and everyone was fine. We tried to stay in groups of threes for the most part. Sammy stuck with me and Alex and John went with Britney and Randy. Carly, Dan and Bruce stuck together, and Amber and Michael were the ones who stayed outside and caught the vampires that tried to run. Only two got away in this raid, that wasn’t a terrible thing but it wasn’t a very good thing either.
     The events of the month before the raid were odd. My ‘so called’ morning sickness went away, it turns out it was just the flu after all. I got over the whole pregnant thing within a few days and we were pretty much back to normal.
     Carly was doing great despite her back pains. She was a tough girl, she rarely complained about anything, she was a suffer in silence type of person. She and Dan were very impatient, they wished the baby could come now.
     Bruce still hadn’t talked to me, normally I would have been fine with that, he wasn’t exactly the nicest person to talk to, but I had a bad feeling about him. I felt like there was a part of him that really wanted me gone. I didn’t think he’d be stupid enough to try anything but he still worried me.
     Alex, like he had suggested, bought an Xbox 360 and some games. He was right, everyone loved the thing, I suppose it was good that he bought it, it gave everyone something to do.
     Sam’s crush on me, like I had guessed it would, faded to more of a brotherly love. In a way, I was like an older sister or a mom to him, he had been taken away from his family so we were all he had. He still couldn’t remember anything from before he turned but he didn’t mind, he liked being here with us.
     Alex’s birthday was coming up in a few weeks, his birthday was on August sixteenth. He was going to be twenty-one. It was difficult to think of him not being in his teens, though in a way it made sense, Alex looked sixteen but he acted his real age. Randy’s birthday had been on July fourteenth so we celebrated it by going to the movies.
     Everything was good for the most part, on August second, we left Nevada and headed to Oakridge, Oregon. I liked Oregon, I liked the forests and the trees. We rented a house in Oakridge for a month and we all stayed in it. We all pitched in on the rent money and it was worth it, the house was nice. There were three bedrooms upstairs, a guest bedroom downstairs, a big kitchen, a large living room and two bathrooms. John, Bruce and Sammy slept in the living room, Carly and Dan slept in the guest bedroom and everyone else occupied the upstairs. Life was normal for the most part until August third, that’s when everything changed.
     Danny and Bruce were in town, scouting out the vampires and Michael and Amber were on a date. Britney was reading and Alex, John, Sam and Randy were all sitting around the TV bickering over the video game they were playing. Carly and I were sitting on the couch watching them.
     It was one in the afternoon when the doorbell rang. Carly got up to go and check it, I figured it was Bruce and Dan getting back. My attention went back to the boys when Sammy began to yell.
     “What the heck!” He complained. “I just got jug and they cornered me!” He sounded very angry. Randy laughed. 
     “I told you to wait until the round was over.”
     “Dude,” Sam said, disregarding Randy’s comment, “please get me up, please dude I have ray gun.”  
     “Dude, chill, we’re working on it.” John said with very little patience. Alex rolled his eyes and began to revive Sam. I chuckled and shook my head, amused with their teamwork.
     “Selena.” Carly hollered. I looked over my shoulder.
     “Yeah?” 
     “Come here for a second.” I nodded to myself, got up and began to walk to the front door. Carly stood by the closed door as I approached her.
     “What’s up?” I wondered. She looked at the door and then back at me. 
     “There’s some people here for you.” I stared at her confused, she had shut the door on them. I shrugged and opened the door. I looked out at the people and I felt a happy scream escape my mouth. In front of me stood Jenn and Scott! Jenn wore the same smile that I did, big and excited. My smile widened even more and I hugged Jenn, embracing her into a tight hug. I let her go a second later, I was speachless. I looked over at Scott and I flew into him. He wrapped his arms around me and picked me up, hugging me tight.
     “Hey Selena!” He said as he set me down.
     “I can’t believe you’re here!” I said as I hugged Jenn again. As I hugged them, everyone came running to see why I had screamed. Alex looked over and a smile formed on his face.
     “Scott, Jenn!” He walked over to them and he shook Scott’s hand and gave him a quick hug. He then turned to Jenn and gave her a hug. Once Alex and I took a few steps back to give them some room, I could tell that Jenn was just a little nervous, probably because she didn’t want everyone else to try to kill her. Alex looked back at everyone. “Guys, this is Jenn and Scott, we told you about them.” Carly smiled at them.
     “Selena speaks only good things of you two, why don’t you come on in.” She offered. Jenn looked confused at Carly’s hospitality but she didn’t refuse.
     “Thank you.” She murmured as she walked into the house with Scott by her side. When everyone was in the house, Carly shut the door and I looked at Jenn, ready to begin the million question game.
     “When did you guys get back? How long are you here? How’d it go? Are you gonna…” Jenn laughed and smiled at me.
     “Slow down, let us meet your friends so there’s no ill feelings.” I nodded and looked back at everyone.
     “Right, um, guys, you remember Jenn and Scott?” Randy smiled and nodded.
     “We sure do, Carly’s right, Selena does talk good about you two.” Jenn smiled and Randy and Britney came and introduced themselves.
     Ten minutes later when everyone was introduced, we went out to the living room and sat down. Jenn and Scott sat on the couch across from Alex and I. John looked at Jenn with a questioning gaze.
     “So, Selena says you’re different, she says you drink blood bags.” Awkward conversation starter John. Jenn looked at him and nodded.
     “Yes, it makes for a clean conscience.” John nodded a little.
     “Do you buy them or what?” She cast a sarcastic glance in his direction. 
     “Yes, I go straight down to the Dollar Store and buy them all up.” I smiled, glad to see she wasn’t being stern with them. “I would buy them,” she began, “but I think the government would wonder why I’m buying so many.” John smiled and nodded. He looked from Jenn to Scott.
     “What about you, what do you eat?” Everyone knew that Scott was a hybrid so they were probably equally curious as I was. 
     “Well, I can only drink vampire or shape shifter blood.”
     “But don’t worry.” Jenn reassured. “He drinks my blood.” Alex looked at Jenn.
     “Not to change the subject, but how did it go in Russia? Did you find the person you needed to talk to?” Jenn nodded at Alex and then she held up a finger, silencing him. She then looked at me and scowled.
     “Why didn’t you call me?” She asked, sounding upset. I shook my head.
     “Why didn’t you call me?” I retorted.
     “I was just waiting for you to call me.” She said as sweet as possible. I smiled.
     “Maybe I didn’t want to bug you guys.”
     “Pff! Or maybe you didn’t want to talk to me.” She smiled at me and I smiled back. 
     “Well we’re here now so enough with that.” Scott said trying to get us back on topic. I nodded and then Jenn looked over at Alex. 
     “Alright, now I’ll answer your questions.” 
     “What did you guys find out about Scott?” Alex questioned.
     “Well, we figured out everything. Um, I guess I’ll start with the memory thing. So you remember how Scott couldn’t remember anything or anyone when he first turned?” She chuckled. “Oh who am I kidding, of course you remember, well, a new hybrid won’t remember anything from his past until he sees his maker.”
     “That’s why Scott got back to normal after you showed up?” I inquired. Jenn nodded.
     “Yup.”
     “Why is that?” Alex asked. Jenn shook her head and shrugged. 
     “The man we talked to, he was a hybrid like Scott and he didn’t know why the whole memory thing happens. He said he thought it was maybe because of all the different genes in the hybrid, I mean they have werewolf, shifter and vampire in them. He thought that the brain got so overloaded that it blacked out until the hybrid sees it’s maker.”
     “Why would the maker have any affect on the hybrid?” Randy questioned. Scott looked over at him.
     “Well, makers can control their vampires that they made, Jenn’s my maker so she has that connection that let’s say Dedrick had with Jesse. Since she has that connection with me, I needed to see her in order to remember things.” I looked at Jenn.
     “Can you control him, I thought Recluse said hybrids couldn’t be controlled.” Jenn nodded.
     “He was very right, I can’t mind control him.”
     “Then how do you have the connection with him?” I continued.
     “The connection isn’t in the mind contol, the connection is made when my venom turns Scott.” I nodded, getting it now.
     “Ok, ok. What happens on the full moon?” Jenn smiled.
     “It’s amazing, he has the option to shift into a werewolf. If he wants to shift, he can and he can control it.” Alex smiled.
     “That’s great!” He enthused. Scott nodded.
     “Yeah, it’s wonderful not having to go through that every month.”
     “What happens if you choose not to shift?” John asked from the corner. Scott looked at him.
     “Well, right now I’m pretty much like a vampire just stronger, on a full moon, I’m even moreso than I am now.”
     “And get this!” Jenn sounded very excited. “He can shift, I’m not talking about werewolf, he can shift just like you guys.”
     “Only on the full moon?” Alex asked. Jenn shook her head. 
     “Any time he wants, when in shifter form, he’s the same as you guys but silver won’t take him out of his form and vampire fangs can’t pierce his skin.”
     “Wow, now who’s got the cool monster?” I teased. Scott laughed and Carly began to ask a question.
     “What happens when you bite people?” She wondered aloud.
     “Well, my venom is a paralysis,” he looked back at me and Alex, “that’s why when I bit you, you came out of wolf form.”
     “And to vampires?” I hinted.
     “Same thing.” Jenn answered. “I noticed it the first time Scott fed off of me, it paralyzed me for about thirty seconds. It takes shifters out of wolf form and it stuns vampires.”
     “Theoretically speaking, what would happen if you were to bite a human?” Bitney muttered. 
     “If I bit a human, it would turn them into a werewolf.” Scott replied.
     “A normal werewolf can turn five people, but if it turns five people it dies. Well, Scott can bite as many humans as he wants and not die, theoretically speaking. However, the restriction with this is he can only turn one person per full moon and he has to bite them on the full moon. If he bites a human any other time, it would be like being bit by a human.”
     “What would happen if he bit a werewolf?” Alex wondered.
     “If I bit a werewolf, it would die. You see, when I bite shifters, my venom acts like silver and when I bite a vampire my venom acts as a paralysis. If I bite a werewolf though, it destroys their power and they die.”
     “It destroys their power?” I inquired. Jenn nodded. 
     “A werewolf’s power or gene is what keeps it alive but it can’t make more like vampires and shifters. A bite from a hybrid will kill a werewolf in a matter of minutes.”
     “Did anything change, I know you said you can’t control him so did anything else change?” Alex asked. Jenn stared at Alex.
     “You mean did any of the vampire powers change?” He nodded at her. “Well, yeah he gained things but he also lost things. He can’t constrain humans or anything for that matter, he needs sleep, he needs human food…” 
     “Wait!” Sammy said, speaking for the first time. “How come he needs blood and food?”
     “The vampire part of me needs blood,” Scott began, “and the shape shifter and werewolf part of me needs food.” 
     “So could you die of hunger?” Sam pressed on. Scott shook his head. 
     “No, if I went a month without food, I wouldn’t die, but the shape shifter part of me wouldn’t work right. It’s the same with blood, I wouldn’t die if I went a month without blood, but the vampire part of me wouldn’t work right.” 
     “So what happens if you don’t drink blood or eat food?” I mumbled.
     “If I don’t eat or drink, it won’t kill me, but it weakens me like when you guys get bit by vampires or when vampires have silver touch them.”
     “Hmm,” Carly murmured, “not to be creepy, but, how can you die? It doesn’t seem like there’s a possible way.” Jenn nodded at her.
     “I though the same thing at first.” Jenn looked at me and Alex. “Rember how when you bit Scott your fangs didn’t penetrate his skin?” We both nodded.
     “Yeah.”
     “Well, the only thing that can penatrate his skin is silver.”
     “Then he’s no more powerful than a normal vampire or shifter.” I argued.
     “There’s a catch.” Jenn said, making me sink back in my seat, sorry for speaking so soon. 
     “What’s the catch?” Alex wondered.
     “Silver can only pierce my skin if the silver is covered in my maker’s blood.” Everyone’s eyes turned to Jenn.
     “If someone were to try and kill Scott, they would have to take a blade or some silver item and coat it in my blood. Once it was covered in my blood they’d have to stab Scott.”
     “In the heart?” Britney asked. Scott shook his head. 
     “No, anywhere that can cause a fatal injury.” Alex stared at Scott and Jenn and he shook his head.
     “So that’s it, just stab them with something silver covered in their maker’s blood?” Jenn nodded.
     “The silver has to be covered with either the maker’s blood or the blood of the last shifter or vampire he drank from.”
     “Why is that?” I wondered curiously.
     “Well to penetrate the skin, you need silver, the reason you need the maker’s blood or the blood of the person he last fed off of is, you need an inside connection. The silver will absorb the powers from the blood of the person he last fed off of, or the powers from the maker. Once the silver has absorbed the maker’s blood or the latest victim’s blood, the blade can peirce the skin because it already has a little bit of the hybrid in it. The reason it will peirce the skin if the maker’s blood is on it is because the vampire in the hybrid is part of the hybrid’s maker so the silver absorbs the maker’s blood and since the maker’s DNA, or power, is in the hybrid, it can pierce the skin.”
     “So what happens after the silver is in him?” Randy questioned.
     “Well, when the silver is coated in the blood, it absorbs all of the powers out of the blood. So, when the silver is put into the hybrid, it absorbs the vampire and the shifter part of him. Now, the silver tries to absorb the maker’s powers or the victem’s powers but since it was already full of that, it can’t take in any more so it begins to spit all of the powers out after they have been absorbed. This overloads the hybrid because while the silver is draining it’s powers it’s body is making more so when it spits them back out, the hybrid has double the amount of powers in it. When the silver spit’s the powers back out, it paralyzes the hybrid and they will stay paralyzed  as long as the silver is in them.”
     “The blade would have to stay in the hybrid until it bled to death or the wound killed it, if you take out the blade too soon, they won’t die.” Scott added.  
      “What about the blood cycle?” I inquired. “Won’t that start and prevent the hybrid from bleeding to death?” Jenn shook her head. 
     “The hybrid would be paralyzed by the silver and the blood cycle couldn’t start until the silver was taken out of it. To kill a hybrid, you either have to stab it somewhere fatal or let it bleed to death, but for both of those options, the silver has to remain in the hybrid or else it can just heal.”
     After we were done talking about Scott and hybrids, I began to ask about Jesse. I looked at Jenn who was sitting happily by Scotty’s side.
     “So,” I began, “did uh, did you hear from Jesse at all, have you heard from him?” Jenn sighed and shook her head.
     “No, he hasn’t called or written or sent people to me at all.”
     “Did you guys talk to Brooke?” Alex asked expectantly. Jenn nodded.
     “Yeah, but it wasn’t any use.”
     “Why not?”
     “Because Brooke’s a shifter.” I shrugged.
     “So.” Jenn chuckled. 
     “Well we talked to her but she told us everything you learned from Aaron. Miranda turned Nichole and Nichole kept in contact with both Brooke and Dedrick after she turned. Get this though, Nichole spent a lot of time with Brooke right after she turned, more than just a social call, it was about a year she spent with her. Brooke also said that Nichole was really, really pissed at Jesse, like she wanted to get even.”
     “Why is it a bad thing she’s a shifter though?” Alex asked the question that was heavy on my mind. Jenn frowned and looked at both me and Alex.
     “We couldn’t figure out where Jesse went and what he asked because he constrained her to forget everything that she had told him.” I sighed, frustrated and I looked away. I looked back at Jenn a minut later.
     “What does Jess not want you guys to know? What’s he hiding from you?” I asked cautiously.
     “I think the better question is, what doesn’t he want Nichole to find out?” Jenn responded. It grew silent after the last word escaped her mouth.
     We were all quiet until Carly spoke up.
     “Are you ok hon, are you hungry or do you need some water?” She asked Scott. Scotty wore a puzzled face as he stared at the wall, he looked like he was trying to figure something out but he couldn’t. He shook his head a minute later and then he looked at Carly.
     “No, I’m good, thank you.”
     “Then what are you staring at?” I interrogated. He looked at me and shook his head. 
     “It’s weird, there’s this sound and I don’t know what it is. It’s small and it’s, well it sounds fragile in a way.” Everyone in the room was confused with his statement.
     “What does it sound like?” Jenn asked a moment later. 
     “It sounds like a heartbeat, but it’s not. You can only hear it when everyone is quiet. Listen.” He instructed. We were all motionless and Jenn and Scott listened. Several moments later, Jenn smiled and sat up straight.
     “That’s a baby love.” She giggled and Carly sat up immediately and a huge grin formed on her face.
     “You can hear the baby!” She exclaimed. Scott smiled and nodded.
     “Yeah, it’s, it’s amazing, it’s so small and fragile.” Scott touched Jenn’s arm but his eyes remained on Carly. “Do you hear it? Listen.” Jenn laughed and nodded.
     “I hear it.” She reassured. We all talked for a while longer before Carly left to go make everyone lunch. The boys returned to playing videogames, all but Alex, Britney had taken over for him. Alex, Jenn, Scott and I all stayed to talk. I went to sit by Jenn and Scott took my place by Alex. I gave Jenn a hug and she hugged me back. Alex smiled.
     “You two look happy.” I nodded and looked at Jenn.
     “It’s been the longest two months without you to talk to.” She nodded. 
     “It’s been weird the past few months for me too, it’s been different.”
     “Life’s so normal without Jesse in it huh.” Alex said snarkily. I scowled at him for that coment and then I looked at Jenn to make sure she was alright. She nodded, not appearing to be upset in any way.
     “I suppose it is, however, I’m not here to spend the whole time talking about my brother, I want to know about you guys.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Anything you want to know.” 
     “How was your trip with your grandmother? Did you have a good time and when are you going back?” Alex and I both frowned and exchanged looks.
     “Jenn,” I began a moment later, “my grandmother had a heart attack, she didn’t make it.” Jenn paused for a moment and frowned.
     “That’s unfortunate.” She muttered, not knowing what else to say. Jenn was the first one that I had told about Grams that was just like, “Ah that sucks.” I smiled and Alex looked like he was trying to hold back a barrel of laugher. Jenn frowned and glared at him. “What’s so funny?” She said sounding frustrated. Even Scott looked a little humored with her. “What did I do?” She asked sternly. Alex finally let out his laughter.
     “You’re hilarious!” Alex complimented. Jenn looked confused.
     “Why?” 
     “Because, Selena’s all like, ‘hey, my grandma died and it was super tragic.’ ” Alex made his voice a little higher to mimic mine, he was way off on the sound of my voice but it was funny anyway. Alex then continued on to say, “And then you’re just like, ‘gee Selena, that’s unfortunate, let’s go eat some cupcakes.” Scott and I laughed but Jenn’s frown widened.
     “Well it is unfortunate, what did you want me to say, ‘sorry your grandmother died Selena, well, there’s one less thorn in your side at least.’ ” We all laughed again and Alex shook his head. 
     “No, I guess not, but it was still funny.” Jenn paused for a moment, thought it over and then she realized why we all thought it was funny and then she smiled again.
     We talked for a few more minutes before Carly called everyone into lunch. Alex and Scott left and it was just me and Jenn. We were still sitting next to each other and she began to fiddle with her hair.
     “So,” she began, “Scott talked to his mom.” I smiled, glad about this.
     “That’s great, how are they?” I asked curiously.
     “Well his mother was mad at first but she got better once he told her everything.” I paused. I was just a little shocked that he just told her everything but I guess she did know he was a werewolf so it couldn’t have hurt to throw in a vampire and shifter.
     “Oh.” I babbled several seconds later. “Was uh, was Mabel ok with that?” Jenn nodded.
     “She felt better once she knew what was going on.” I nodded and we were quiet. After a long minute of silence, I began to notice a change in Jenn’s attitude. She looked frustrated like she couldn’t figure something out, she wore the same face that Scott had worn.
     “What’s wrong?” I finally questioned a minutes later. Jenn held out a finger. 
     “Shh!” I shut my mouth and stared at her. She closed her eyes and listened even harder, I had no clue what she was doing but I remained silent. 
     Jenn, after another long minute, moved her ear closer to me, I wore a look that said, “What are you doing?” I was pretty sure even if she wanted to answer my questions she wouldn’t so we sat there for yet another minute until she finally got it. Jenn sat up and she stared at me. 
     “Are you ok?” I asked, nervously. She nodded slowly and looked down at my stomach.
     “Yeah, I’m fine, it’s just, there’s two.”
     “Two what?” She looked at me with sincere eyes.
     “Two heartbeats, your’s and another one.” I sat there for a minute, trying to understand what she meant but I caught on quickly. I looked from Jenn who had a small smile on her face and I looked down to my stomach. I put my hand on it but I quickly moved it and shook my head. I stood up and walked away from her. When I was a little ways across the room, I turned around and looked at Jenn.
     “No Jenn, I’m not pregnant, I took a test about a month ago, it came back negative.” She glared at me and stood up herself.
     “What, so you’re gonna believe a stupid stick that you urinated on over your friend who can hear your baby’s heartbeat?” She sounded appalled. I froze at her words and I stared at her. We both stood still as I thought it over. 
     “It can’t be possible, I haven’t had any of the signs of being pregnant.” Jenn shook her head.
     “We can only hear babyies after a month or two, though we can sense them from the very first day.” I smiled.
     “Is that what was wrong with me? You and Scott, before I got onto the airplane both thought something was off about me.” Jenn closed her eyes and thought for a moment, thinking back to before we left. Finally, she opened her eyes and nodded.
     “Yes, that’s what it was, I forgot about that.” I felt a huge smile form on my face and then I looked down at my stomach and rested my hand on it. I looked up at Jenn who wore just as big a smile as me.
     “And you’re sure?” I asked, wanting to be possitive before I got my hopes up. Jenn scowled at me and that was proof enough. “Alex!” I yelled. Jenn gave me a quick hug, pat my back and then she went into the kitchen. A moment later Alex came running from the kitchen and he approached me.
     “What’s wrong?” He wondered. I smiled and I wrapped my arms around him and I laid my lips on his. When I backed up, a smile was on his face as well.
     “Alex!” I exclaimed again.
     “What?” He asked again, clueless as to why I was so excited.
     “Alex, Jenn listened and it was wrong!” I said as I jumped up and down. He stared at me like I was crazy, and, as I recalled the statement I’d just said, I realized that it did sound crazy. I took in a deep breath and I calmed down and started again. “Alex, ok, Jenn listened really hard and she hear a heartbeat and it’s really happy!” Nope, that was no better than the last time. I sighed, angry with myself for not being able to spit this out. “The pregnancy test, it was wrong Alex, it was wrong.” He froze and stood there for a minute as this information processed through his mind. Alex was silent for a few seconds of and I began to get worried. “Oh no, he’s not excited!” I thought nervously. But I thought too soon because the biggest smile I’d ever seen on him formed on Alex’s face. His hands dropped to his side and he looked at me.
     “I am, I mean you are or, wait, we’re gonna be parents?” He stammered. I smiled and nodded. Alex shook his head with that same smile on his face and he looked down. “I’m gonna be a dad.” He whispered. “I’m gonna be a dad!” He said louder as he looked up. I laughed and he threw his arms around me and picked me up. I wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist and he spun me around. Alex put me down and he gave me a big kiss. I kissed him back and then he looked down at my stomach.
     “Wait, are you ok? Is the baby ok, did I squish him?” I smiled and put my hand on my hips.
     “Him huh?” Alex blushed.
     “Right, sorry, maybe it’s a her or it could be a them.” I laughed, nervous at that thought. Alex wrested his hand on my stomach and he began to feel it. It didn’t really look any different or feel any different than it had before so his attempts at feeling the baby would probably fail. After several seconds of feeling my stomach, Alex knelt down and laid his ear on where he’d been touching. If it was anyone else doing this I would have pushed them away or something but Alex was really funny, he looked like he was trying to hear the baby. 
     “I can’t hear it.” He complained as a frown formed on his face. I chuckled and shook my head.
     “Yeah, I’m pretty sure only vampires can hear it babe.” He smiled.
     “Right.” He mumbled as he laid his head back on my stomach. After a brief second, he looked up at me. “A baby.” He said, still shocked. “It’s our baby!” I smiled and I sat down on the floor by him. He wrapped his arms around me and gave me a huge kiss. We let go of each other a moment later and then Carly walked into the room.
     “Selena, are you not coming in to eat hon?” I looked up at her and then I stood up and smiled.
     “Carly!” I exclaimed. “We’re so happy, I’m…” Right before I could finish that sentence, Bruce and Dan entered the house from the front door. They walked into the living room and Dan walked up to Carly and hugged her. He gave her a quick kiss and looked her over.
     “How are you doing?” He asked. She nodded.
     “I’m doing great, Selena was just about to tell me something she’s happy about.” Everyone looked at me and Alex. “What is it Selena?” Carly inquired. I shook my head.
     “Oh, it’s nothing, I…” Scott now walked into the room, saving me from having to come up with an excuse.
     “Selena, Jenn just told me, I wanna hear too.” He said happily as he walked to my side. Bruce looked confused.
     “Jenn, as in that vampire’s sister Jenn?” He now looked at me and Alex stood up in front of me.
     “Yeah, that Jenn, Bruce.”
     “Is there a problem?” Scott asked innocently. Carly shook her head.
     “No sweetie, you’re fine.” Bruce looked from me to Carly.
     “You’re the one who let them in.” Bruce accused angrily as he took a step toward Carly, however, Dan placed himself in front of her much like Alex had with me.
     “No, no, no.” Jenn said slowly as she entered the room. “We kind of let ourselves in, I hope that’s ok.” She said smuggly. Bruce glared at her and everyone from the kitchen walked into the room behind her. Bruce looked from Jenn to the pack and he pointed at Jenn and Scott.
     “Well don’t just stand there, get them.” He yelled. Scott went from me and Alex to Jenn’s side.
     “They didn’t do anything wrong Bruce.” I said in a firm way, trying to assert myself. Bruce looked at me and I could see the anger in the gleam of his eyes.
     “You told them where we were and you’re the one who let them in!” Jenn laughed, drawing Bruce’s attention back to her. 
     “Like I said, we invited ourselves in so if you have anything to say, why don’t you bring it up with us.” Bruce nodded.
     “Alright.” In the blink of an eye, Bruce had shifted and he lunged at Jenn. No one had expected this, well, no one but Sammy. Sam, who had been standing by Jenn, shifted and jumped in front of her. Bruce would have bitten her neck but he bit into Sammy’s neck instead. A loud yip filled the room and Sammy fell to the floor, bood streaming from his throat. Everyone shifted now, Carly and Dan tackled Bruce and held him down and Britney and Randy stood in front of Jenn and Scott. John rushed to Sam’s side and nudged him with his snout, Sam stood up and shook off. Alex and I were watching Bruce, preparing to stike him if he tried to get up. A minute later when everyone was settled down, I shifted and I ran over to Sam and John. I placed my hand on Sam’s neck, it had healed but I was still checking him.
     “Sammy, are you ok?” I asked. He looked down and then he turned around and walked away. 
     When Sam was gone, everyone shifted, all but Britney and Randy. John looked at Bruce.
      “Like Selena said Bruce, they didn’t do anything so why don’t you go appologize to Sam, you could have killed him.” John sounded very, very angry. Sammy was like his little brother so I understood why he was mad. Bruce paused, just now realizing that he had hurt Sammy. Dan pushed Bruce forward and walked him into the other room where Sam had disappeared off to. Britney and Randy growled at Bruce as he walked passed Jenn and Scott. When Bruce and Dan were gone, Carly looked at Jenn. 
     “Are you ok?” She hoped. Jenn nodded slowly.
     “Yeah, it’s just, that kid, why’d he do that?” She sounded really puzzled. Carly shook her head, unable to answer the question and then it was silent.
     We all waited a few minutes before Amber and Michael got home. When they saw everyone, I could tell they were disconcerted. 
     “What happened?” Michael wondered, observing all of our expressions. Carly explained to them that Jenn and Scott had come to visit me and Alex and she told them what Bruce had done. Michael and Amber didn’t like having vampires in the house but they didn’t think what Bruce did was right. They said that it was fine with them so long as Jenn and Scott stayed away from them. Jenn was fine with that, she didn’t like people anyway and Scott didn’t mind.
     About thirty minutes later, Carly had explained to Dan what had happened and they were going in to talk with Bruce. Sam had gone upstairs and taken a shower. When he came back downstairs, Jenn thanked him along with Scott, that made Sam feel very proud of himself. When Jenn and Scott were done talking to him, he went with John, Michael and Randy and played videogames. Amber and Britney were talking in the living room so that left Alex, Jenn, Scott and I alone.
     We all stood outside of the kitchen, listening in on Bruce, Carly and Dan.
     “You can’t keep flying off the handle like that Bruce, this isn’t just your pack, it’s all of ours.” Dan yelled. “If you have a problem with people, fix it without killing them. We all have problems Bruce and right now, you’re my problem but you don’t see me going around trying to kill you.”
     “I’m your problem, I’m your problem? I think the vampires are the problem. You guys don’t even realize it, do you? Scott is a hybrid, he’s a violation of nature, nothing’s supposed to be that powerful.” Alex gave Scott a fist bump.
     “Dude, you’re a violation of nature!” He joked sarcastically. Scott laughed and then we focused back in on the conversation.
     “Hybrids are not a violation of nature Bruce.” Carly argued. “If they were, Scott wouldn’t be one. Power isn’t a bad thing Bruce, the people who yeild the power are the problems.” 
     “And you think that Scott and Jenn won’t hesitate to kill us?” 
     “Well, from what I saw Bruce, the pack was ready to kill you before Jenn and Scott were.” Dan stated.
     “But if the pack wouldn’t have been here, do you think they wouldn’t have fought back? They are a danger to everyone’s life.”
     “The day they take anyone in the pack’s life is the day you can take mine.” Carly said in a defensive manner. Her faith in Scott and Jenn was probably very touching to the both of them.
     “Scott’s too strong for his own good.” Bruce pressed on. Dan laughed.
     “Yeah, and what are you gonna do Bruce, kill him?” Dan was in a pissed off, sarcastic mood.
     “It’s an option.” Bruce said through clenched teeth.
     “Right, well I’m gonna make a little promise to you Bruce,” Dan began slowly, “the day you try to take that boy’s life is the day you’ll lose your’s.”
     “What, are you saying Scott’s gonna kill me, I thought he was harmless.” 
     “No, no, no, I’m not saying that Scott’s going to kill you, but I promise you, if he doesn’t do it, I will.” Bruce let out a loud, angry laugh.
     “You’d kill me Dan? You’d take my life and trade it for theirs?”
     “You broke the rules Bruce.” Carly said quietly. “You deliberately harmed members of this pack.”
     “When?” Bruced interrogated.
     “When? Dammit Bruce, you punched our daughter and today you nearly broke Sam’s neck. Don’t you see that!” She screamed.
     “I will do whatever it takes to get rid of the vampires. The people who try to help them, well, those are the people who usually end up hurt.” 
     “All of the people in the pack have been hurt by you Bruce.” Dan yelled. “I haven’t seen Jenn or Scott or that little kid you killed hurt anyone here. You’re the monster, you and your bitterness, not the vampires.” There was silence for a moment and then Dan began to speak again. “If you harm one more person in this pack Bruce, we will kill you.” Dan swore. 
     “Yeah, I guess you will.” Bruce said. I heard a chair slide as someone stood up. There were footsteps and then Carly spoke. 
     “Your pride will be your downfall Bruce and it will kill you.”
     “Pride, pride of what exactly?” 
     “The pride to admit that maybe they’re not all bad like we once thought they were. You won’t admit this to yourself and that’s the pride that I’m talking about.” A moment later, Carly came storming out of the kitchen and she passed us and ran upstairs.
     “Don’t do this to yourself brother.” Dan said after a long, quiet minute. “Leave Scott and Jenn alone.” I heard another chair move and then Dan slowly walked out of the kitchen, he looked tired and worn out. He walked up to me and rubbed my head, messing up my hair. “I love you kid.” He said as he walked toward the stairs to go and find Carly.

























Chapter 15

     “Well, we’re gonna go.” Jenn said once Carly and Dan were upstairs and Bruce had left through the back door. I looked at her and frowned.
     “What, for good?” She shook her head.
     “No, we’re staying in a hotel maybe ten minutes away from here.”
     “Not to be rude, but why are you guys staying?” Questioned Alex. Jenn looked at him and frowned.
     “Well, other than Scott’s family, we don’t have any. Jesse’s gone and Scott doesn’t want to go back.” Alex and I looked at Scott.
     “Why don’t you want to go back?” Alex wondered.
     “Yeah, I thought your family needed your help, financially.” I added. Scott nodded.
     “They do need help and I was gonna go back, I didn’t want to but they need me. However, when I suggested going back, it made Jenn sad.” I looked at Jenn and she looked down, ashamed. 
     “It probably wasn’t the right thing to do, but I told him that if he stayed with me I’d send money back to his family to help out.”
     “And I wanted to stay with her anyway so it was perfect.”
     “So you’re not leaving?” I asked, recapping everything. Jenn nodded.
     “We’re staying.” I nodded and then Jenn, Scott and I began to walk to the front door. Alex had a face that said, “I’ll give you guys a few minutes alone,” so he stayed behind.
     When at the front door, I opened it and then I gave Scott a hug.
     “I’m glad you’re doing better Scotty, you had me worried there for a while.” He smiled and hugged me tight.
     “I’m happy for you and Alex. What are you guys gonna do?” I paused, thinking it over and then I shrugged.
     “I don’t know, I’ll probably tell Carly and then I’ll go and talk to Lapis or something.” Scott nodded.
     “How’s the fox doing anyway?” I smiled.
     “He’s great; I’m not sure where he is right now but I’m sure he’s around here somewhere.” Scott nodded and put his hand on my shoulder.
     “Well I’ll see you later.” I smiled and kissed his cheek. 
     “Bye Scotty.” He smiled back and exited the house.
     When Scott was gone, Jenn took his place by the door and she looked at me.
     “We’ll come back in a few days, I think it would be best if we let you guys and Bruce work stuff out.” I nodded, agreeing with her.
     “No promises, he’s a weird guy.” She chuckled.
     “Well, thank Sam again for what he did. I was about to move but the kid jumped in front of me.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, I love Sammy, he’s a good kid.” Jenn smiled and gave me a hug.
     “It was good to see you Selena, I missed you.” I nodded and squeezed her tight.
     “I missed you too.” Jenn let go of me and looked over her shoulder. 
     “Well, I best be going, Scott’s probably tired.” I smiled coyly and bit my lip.
     “He loves you you know.” Jenn blushed and looked down.
     “Hybrids are extremely loyal to their makers, it’s kind of like our mind control over them, just we’re not doing anything. That’s what you’re thinking of.” She sounded so sure but I shook my head anyway.
     “No, Scott, hybrid or not hybrid, loves you.” She blushed again and then she sighed and looked at me. She rested her hand on my stomach.
     “Keep Jenn Jr. safe, ok.” She demanded. I laughed.
     “Jenn Jr. huh?” She nodded.
     “Yes, I feel I’m worthy enough to have your child named after me.” 
     “Right, and if it’s a boy?” Jenn paused for a moment and then she shrugged.
     “I don’t know, be creative, name him Genn or something.” I giggled and hugged her one last time.
     “Alright; I’ll see you in a few days.” She nodded.
     “Goodbye Selena.” I blinked and she was gone and the front door was closed.
     I stood in silence for a few seconds and then I felt my heart flutter, despite the events of the past hour. A huge smile formed on my face and I hurriedly walked through the living room. I was searching for Alex so I could talk to him about the baby. He was sitting in the living room seemingly watching the others chat. His face indicated that he was very deep in thought. His face was focused but his eyes were excited so I knew that he was thinking about the same thing as me. I decided to leave him to his thoughts, just for a while. I looked away from Alex and began to wonder where Lapis was. I decided to check the backyard, as that was his favorite place to sleep. I walked through the kitchen and then outside into the back and sure enough, Lapis was laying in the grass sleeping. I smiled at him and I shook my head, I walked into the yard and I sat down in the moist grass. Lapis peeked open his eye and when he saw it was me, he exhaled and looked away.
     “Hello Selena.” He said as he let out a big yawn. I yawned as well and then I laid down by him. “What was all that excitemement going on in there?” He questioned. 
     “Scott and Jenn got back.” 
     “I see. There was a lot of yelling, is everything ok?” I nodded.
     “It was Bruce, you know how he doesn’t like vampires so having Jenn and Scott come into the house, he didn’t approve.”
     “And he doesn’t understand that they will not hurt anyone?” 
     “Nope.” Lapis sighed.
     “Is everyone ok?” He hoped. I nodded.
     “Yeah, Bruce tried to attack Jenn but Sammy stopped him.” Lapis smiled.
     “Sam’s a brave one.” I nodded. Lapis stared at me and then he looked away. “I assume Scott and Jenn found out all they needed to know about hybrids?” I nodded.
     “Yes.” I paused and looked at Lapis. I wanted so badly to tell him about my baby but I didn’t want to just blurt it out. I stared at him and then I looked away as a smile formed on my face. “You were right.” I muttered. He nodded.
     “I usually am, but about what this time, if I may ask?” I chuckled and looked up at the sky. 
     “Jenn listened really hard and she heard a heartbeat… the test was wrong.”
     “You’re pregnant.” He didn’t sound surprised. I nodded and we were silent.
     We laid there for several minutes before Lapis sat up really quickly and looked at me.
     “Wait!” He exclaimed. I sat up a little bit and stared at him.
     “What?” I asked.
     “Selena, this explains everything! Oh, this isn’t good.” I now sat up all the way.
     “What is it?” He looked at me.
     “I know why you are having these hallucinations and why they haven’t stopped yet.”
     “Why?”
     “It’s because of your baby. Did you and Alex have sexual intercourse at any time when you had vampire venom in your system?” I nodded, only a little embarrassed to answer his question.
     “Yeah, the first and maybe the second time we both had venom in our systems. Why?”
     “Well, if you concieve a child with vampire venom in your system, some of the vampire venom gets put into the baby, it gets stored in a way.”
     “Ok, that doesn’t explain why I’m seeing things though.” I reminded him. He nodded slowly.
     “Yes it does, that’s the answer right there.” Lapis stood up all the way and began to pace. “Selena, if you were to normally have a male child you would put your shape shifter gene into the baby. Since you had vampire venom in you as well as your shifter gene, both of the powers were put into the baby. Right now, half of the baby is vampire and half is shape shifter.”
     “How does that make me see things though?” I asked.
     “The baby’s body isn’t capable of fighting off the venom so the venom in the baby is able to make more venom. It’s trying to make enough venom to fill the baby but since half of your child is already shifter, it’s disguarding the new venom into you.” 
     “Then why am I not sore, why am I not suffering from the effects of the venom?”
     “Because the baby’s too small to make enough venom to hurt you, but, the venom it’s making is going to the place where the other venom in you is.”
     “My brain.” I whispered under my breath. Lapis nodded.
     “As soon as your body fights off enough of the venom to stop the hallucinations, the baby sends more off into you.”
     “So that’s why they haven’t gone away.” Lapis nodded. We sat there for a few minutes, both of us deep in thought. It took me a while but it finally clicked in my head and I knew why Lapis had said this wasn’t a good thing. I looked at Lapis and frowned.
     “Lapis… if my baby is half vampire and half shape shifter, what is it going to be?” Lapis whined and laid his head on the grass, avoiding eye contact with me. “Lapis, answer me!” I yelled. He finally looked at me after a minute.
     “A werewolf Selena, your son would be a werewolf.” I froze and I felt my heart sink as I sat back onto the grass. My face was blank as I thought that over. My baby, a werewolf? This couldn’t happen, not to my child. The image of Scott all bruised and bloodied after shifting entered my mind and I couldn’t help but think of my baby looking like that. I shivered and shook it off. I felt a small tear fall down my face and then I looked at Lapis.
     “It’s a boy isn’t it, a girl, she can’t get the gene so the venom and gene couldn’t enter her.” Lapis shook his head.
     “No, the shape shifter gene cannot enter into a female, however, the vampire venom can. Once the vampire venom is in her body, her body allows the shifter gene to enter and then the gene will slowly begin to kill the venom. The difference between male and female is that the male body will balance the venom and gene, creating a purebread werewolf. The female’s body though, she can’t or won’t balnce the venom and gene, the stronger one will dominate the weaker one.”
     “The gene is the stronger one, isn’t it?” Lapis nodded.
     “Yes, if it’s a girl, the hallucinations will most likely stop around the end of your pregnancy, depending on how much vampire venom got into her. If it’s a girl, she’ll be born with the shifter gene and when she reaches a certain age she’ll be a shifter. If it’s a male, he’ll be a werewolf, that gene can kick in anywhere from seven to twelve.” I took in a deep breath, feeling a little nauseous, I hated the thought of having my baby go through that kind of pain every month.
     “Why can the vampire venom enter a girl but not the shifter gene?” I questioned. 
     “Female babies body’s will not let in the shifter gene, the gene was not designed to go into them when they are being conceived. However, vampires cannot procreate so their venom was not designed to stay out of certain genders. When it’s put into the baby through the mother, it can freely go into the baby and when it’s in there, that’s when the baby’s body allows the shifter gene to come in.” I nodded slowly, understanding what Lapis meant.
     “So, there’s a chance that out baby won’t be a werewolf?” Lapis nodded a little.
     “Yes.” I smiled a little but this small hope wasn’t enough to stop the tears from escaping.
     After ten minutes of small sobs and silence, I knew what I wanted and needed to tell Alex. I got up and both Lapis and I headed inside. I walked into the living room and I called Alex. Lapis went into the living room and Alex and I went upstairs. We went to our room and then I closed and locked the door behind us. We went and sat down on the bed and then I told him everything that Lapis had told me.
     After thirty minutes of talking to him, my eyes were tearstained and Alex’s shirt was wet from the tears. He had his arms wrapped around me and was rocking me back and forth. There was an agonizing look in Alex’s eyes but his facial expression remained calm and contemplating. Unlike me, Alex cried no tears. It wasn’t that he didn’t care as much as I did about this, it was just that he was better at handling it than I was. Perhaps he didn’t cry because he was too lost in thought and too preoccupied with consoling me. Or maybe he didn’t cry because he knew that if he was to cry I would feel as if there was no hope for our child.  
     “Our baby can’t be a werewolf Alex, you and I both saw what it did to Scott, it hurt him and he hated it. What kind of a life is that, having to deal with that forever?” I finally cried out. Alex kissed my head and shook his.
     “It wouldn’t have to be forever, when he gets to a certain age we could always…”
     “What, turn him into a hybrid so that the rest of the world can think he’s an abomination? You saw the way Bruce was talking about Scott and the way he scares Michael and Amber. This can’t happen Alex!” He hugged me tighter and I heard him take in a deep breath. He let it out and then he spoke. 
     “Baby, you don’t know if it’s even a boy, what if it’s a girl?”
     “What if it’s a boy?” 
     “We can’t do anything about it.” He said as he let go of me. He looked at me and I wiped off my eyes. “We can’t change anything, we can’t change the gender of our baby by crying or worrying about it.” He put his hand under my chin and he made me look up at him. “None of it even matters anyway.”
     “Doesn’t matter, of course it matters!” I yelled as more tears began to flow from my eyes. Alex shook his head.
     “No, it doesn’t, it doesn’t matter if our baby is a vampire, a shifter, a werewolf or a hybrid. The only thing that matters is that it’s our baby, that it’s our family. We’ve gotten through worse than this, it’s ok.” He said as he wrapped his arms around me again, comforting me until my tears stopped.
     The month of August went by very quickly, Alex and I told everyone about my being pregnant. Carly was super excited that our kids would be about the same age so that they could have people to grow up with. This was a good thing I supposed. 
     Carly was almost six months pregnant and her stomach was huge, Carly joked about having a big boy like Dan. It was all fun and games until she had to give birth to that ‘big boy.’ She and Dan were planning on going and getting an ultrasound in the next week or so to see what the gender of their baby was. Talk of Carly and Dan getting an ultrasound made people wonder if I was gonna have one done when I could. I had thought that through and talked over it with Alex and I really didn’t want to have one done. I had always wanted a son, I got along with boys better than I did girls so I’d always wanted a boy. The problem was, if I had a boy, he’d be a werewolf and I didn’t want that for his sake. If I had a girl, I’d be overjoyed that she wouldn’t be a werewolf but I would be a little sad because it wasn’t a boy. Alex told me that this was a funny thing to worry about because we’d love the baby no matter what but I was still worried. So, about the ultrasound, I didn’t want one, I figured if I knew the gender of the baby that would just stress me out even more. Alex was fine with not knowing, he said so long as I was happy it was fine with him, he was just super excited that we were having a baby. I never thought his attitude would be like this, but I suppose when you have something, it’s easier to like the idea of it, if that makes any sense.
     Jenn and Scott were still here, they came by every few days to see how we were doing and whatnot. Everyone but Bruce, Michael and Amber loved them. Michael and Amber didn’t really dislike them but they were scared of Scott. Bruce hated having Scott and Jenn around, he would have done something about them if his fear of Carly and Dan killing him wasn’t so profound. Carly and Dan had told him they’d kill him and they’d meant it too.
     Around the end of August, I was about three months pregnant. I wasn’t showing like everyone said Carly had been but this was my first pregnancy so it was bound to be different than Carly’s. I didn’t have morning sickness, that was a good thing because me and throwing up weren’t a good combo. However, replacing the morning sickness was a backache, it was a bad one too. It was like the backaches I got when I was on my period but it was worse because I couldn’t expect it to go away by the end of the week. The only other thing that was hitting me really hard was my emotions. One minute I’d be fine and the next I was crying and then I wanted to kill people, I was a mess of emotions.
     Alex’s birthday had been great! We went out on a date; other than what we did on our honeymoon, that was one of the first dates we’d had. Well, it was one of our first dates unless you count killing vampires as a date. It was nice, we went and saw a movie and then we ate. It was a normal evening, you know, the waiter took too long so I yelled at him and then Alex laughed and I felt bad so I apologized and started crying. After that Alex bought me a brownie and the world was better, stupid hormones. As for the birthday presents, the pack got Alex random things that he wanted and, or needed and Scott and Jenn got him the gift card we had used when we went out to dinner. As for me, I got him a video game that he had wanted for a while, he played it for a few hours and then we all sang Happy Birthday to him and ate cake and then Alex and I took off to our room. I had mixed emotions on how I felt about sex at the time. Since my back ached almost all of the time and I had my bipolar mood swings going on, neither Alex or I knew when I was ‘in the mood’. Luckily for him, I felt good on his birthday so we had a great time. That was what we did on his birthday, he said it had been the best one he’d had in a long time.
     On August thirtieth, we had the raid. Carly was at the point in her pregnancy where Danny wasn’t gonna let her go to the raid. However, she remained steadfast in her choice to stay home only if Dan stayed home with her. Normally, with the vampires new strategy and everything else going on, the pack couldn’t afford to have both Carly and Dan stay home, however, they had an advantage, Scott and Jenn. Scott was stronger than anyone there and he couldn’t be stopped, and as for Jenn, she was smart. Scott and Jenn volunteered themselves to take Carly and Dan’s place until Carly had her baby. The majority of the pack thought this to be good so they tagged along. Jenn wasn’t afraid of Bruce, in fact, I think she offered her and Scott’s services just to make him mad. Either way, wanting to help or wanting to antagonize, Jenn and Scott were a great addition to the pack. For the first time in two months, we got done with the raid and the cleanup within thirty minutes and we caught all of the vampires. It was successful and Carly was safe at home.
     We spent the remaider of the day at home relaxing. So, was it the raid that made me and everyone else remember this day forever? No, it wasn’t the raid, it was the events that happened after it that we would always remember.
     When we got home after the raid, Carly had lunch on the table and we all sat down to eat. Dan began to tell us of where we were headed next.
     “Well,” Dan began as he took a big bite of his sandwich, “now that the raid’s over, we just pack up our things and go.” He was speaking directly to Scotty and Jenn.
     “Ok.” Jenn murmured. “And where will we be going?” 
     “Carbonad, Washington is where were headed next.” Carly replied. Jenn nodded and then Dan continued to speak.
     After lunch we all hung out for about an hour, all but Bruce, Michael and Amber, they all went to the store. At one in the afternoon, Scott decided to go home, he was tired; Jenn said it was because of the full moon so no one argued with him. He left for the hotel but Jenn stayed behind to talk to me and Alex.
     We all talked about Alex and my baby for a while. Jenn tried to convince me to get an ultrasound but my mind was already made up on that matter. She shortly gave up on that and we discused names for a while. After that, she asked us what we planned to do after the baby came. She wondered if we were going to stay in the pack or get a house and settle down. Alex and I had discused that a little bit but we were still undecided on what we wanted to do so we couldn’t rightly answer her question.
     Around one forty-five, Jenn decided to go back to the hotel and check on Scott and start packing. We said goodbye and then she took off. Five minutes after Jenn left, Michael and Amber came back, that would normally have been fine, however, Bruce wasn’t with them. I looked behind them and waited for Bruce to enter the house but he didn’t. That’s when I looked at Michael with a questioning gaze.
     “Where’s Bruce?” I interrogated. Michael stared back at me, equally confused. 
     “You mean he didn’t come back?” I slowly shook my head and then Alex jumped into the conversation.
     “No, why would he have come back?” He wondered.
     “Well he said he wasn’t feeling good and that he wanted to get home.” 
     “When was this?” Alex continued. Michael shrugged. 
     “Fifteen, twenty minutes ago, why?” Alex shook his head.
     “No reason.” He muttered as he put his hand on my back. Alex led me into the other room and we stood in the corner. He looked a little worried but not too much. “Hey, I’m probably being paranoid but will you do me a favor and call Jenn and make sure she and Scott are both at the hotel?” I nodded and he kissed my head, thanking me. I dialed Jenn’s phone and listened as it rang. She didn’t pick up so I called Scotty’s cell but it went straight to voicemail. I looked at Alex and shook my head, I was as equally frightened as he was.
     “No one answered.” I whisped. Alex closed his eyes for a moment as if he was trying to think really hard. The only thing that made him open his eyes was the sound of my phone ringing. I quickly answered the phone and held it to my ear. “Hello?”
     “Selena, I think I need help.” Jenn muttered. I nodded.
     “Yeah, anything, what is it?” I asked, trying to stay calm.
     “I need you to find me and help me.” She sounded disoriented. 
     “Ok, where are you?” She paused for a moment before she replied.
     “I don’t know.” I frowned and looked at Alex, he looked like he knew exactly what was going on. Alex snatched the phone from me and began to talk into it.
     “Jenn, this is Alex, I need you to think really hard right now and try to figure out where you are.” He stopped talking and listened to Jenn, nodding his head occasionally. After a minute, he nodded and began to speak again.
     “Ok, ok, just stay calm, we’ll be right there ok, try not to move.” Alex hung up the phone and shoved it in his pocket. He then grabbed my arm and dragged me along with him. As we headed for the front door, I began to ask questions.
     “Alex, what happened, is she ok?” 
     “Carly, Dan!” Alex hollered. Danny and Carly entered into the room a second later.
     “What’s up Alex?” Dan asked. They observed our faces and then they got serious.
     “Alex, what’s wrong?” Carly questioned.
     “It’s Bruce, something happened and Jenn’s hurt. I need you and Dan to help me with Bruce, get John or someone to help take Jenn back here ok.” Dan nodded and looked over his shoulder.
     “John, Randy.” He yelled. They entered the room a minute later. “Come on.” He demanded. Enough was said and we all shifted and left the house. 
     We all followed Alex to where he thought Jenn was. We were in town by her hotel. Alex went behind the hotel and there was a large dumpster. He shifted and we all did the same. I looked at the ground, there were drops of blood everywhere. Alex opened the dumpster lid and he looked in. I tried to make my way to look inside but everyone was in the way. Alex jumped into the dumpster along with Dan and they picked up Jenn and handed her out to John and Randy. I ran to their sides and I stared at Jenn, her eyes were closed and there was blood all over her shirt. It looked like she had been stabbed in the chest by her heart. I took a deep breath in and felt a wave of panic cover me.
     “Oh my gosh! Is she ok, is she alive?” I asked as my eyes filled up with tears. John and Randy set her down and then Carly put her fingers on Jenn’s throat. We all sat in silence for a moment before Carly smiled a little.
     “She’s fine, she needs blood though or she’s gonna die.” Dan nodded and looked at Randy and John. 
     “Get her back to the house and get someone to feed her blood.” John nodded and then he and Randy picked her up and began to head back to the house. Alex looked at Danny. 
     “We need to get to Scott.” He said as serious as he could. Dan nodded and then he and Carly ran into the hotel. Alex looked at me. “You need to go home with Jenn ok.” He ordered. I shook my head. 
     “No, no, Alex, if Scotty’s hurt I need to help him.” Alex put his hands on my shoulders and looked me in the eye. 
     “You have our baby with you, you need to make sure that you don’t get hurt.” I shook my head. 
     “I won’t get hurt, I swear. Please.” I begged. Alex stared at me for a minute and then he looked down at my stomach for a second. He sighed and then he put his hand on my back and we ran into the hotel. 
     We ran up to Scott and Jenn’s room, the door was broken down so we shifted and ran inside. When in the room, we saw Bruce pinning Danny to the floor nipping at him and Carly was in the corner, getting up. She had blood on her face like Bruce had torn her face open. Alex and I, in anger, ran at Bruce and knocked him off of Dan. Bruce fell to the ground but hopped up and bit my shoulder. I yipped and then Carly, Dan and Alex tackled him to the ground. I took this opportunity to find Scott. I ran into the bedroom and I saw Scott lying on the bed with Jenn’s dagger through his heart. I froze for a second as I stared at his lifeless body but then I ran up to him and sat on the bed by his side. The sheets were stained red and the blood was still streaming from his body. I bit my lip and put my hands on the hilt of the dagger. I pulled it out of Scott and I watched him for a second. He didn’t move, he didn’t breathe, he just laid there. He would get better though, I had pulled the dagger out of him so he could heal now. The dagger was in my lap when Alex ran into the room. He was now in human form and he stared at me for a moment, he then looked at Scott and his face sank. 
     “Scott?” He asked as he slowly approached us. “Scott?” Alex repeated as he sat down on the bed by me. Scott didn’t answer. Alex’s frown widened and then he looked at the dagger in my lap. His face went from sad to pissed off as he stared at the dagger. He grabbed it from my lap and he took it back into the other room. I watched him nervously, I knew that he was going to do something drastic so I got up and ran to the bedroom door. I stood in the doorway and I looked over at Bruce. Carly and Dan were still in wolf form and so was Bruce. They were standing on top of him, holding him to the ground. 
     “We can’t do anything until he’s out of wolf form.” Alex said as he approached Carly and Dan. “Shift Bruce, we want to make this easier than it has to be.” Bruce snarled at Alex and Alex frowned. He shook his head and he shoved the knife into Bruces stomach. Bruce immediately shifted to human form and he gasped for air. His hads flew to the knife but he couldn’t grasp the hilt. He took in a small breath and then he looked at Carly and Dan who had just shifted.
     “Help me.” He croaked as Alex walked to my side. Alex wrapped his arms around me and I burried my face in his chest so that I couldn’t see, only hear.
     “I told you Bruce, did I not tell you that we would kill you if you hurt anyone in the pack again?” Dan questioned.
     “The vampires… they… they aren’t in our… pack.” He stammered weakly. 
     “It’s the pack leader’s choice to decide who enters the pack.” Carly said dominantly. 
     “And we say they are in the pack.” Dan finished.
     “Please, Dan, don’t do this, please, don’t…” Bruce didn’t finish that sentence and Alex held me tighter. The silence was more than enough evidence to clue me in on what had just occurred.
     When Alex let me go I instantly looked over to where Bruce had been. His body laid on the floor and his head laid a few feet away from his body. Dan was in wolf form and was walking away from Bruce, he looked sad, sad because he had to kill him. As I looked at Dan, I felt something strange, it sent a shiver up my spine. I would have asked what this new, respectful feeling was but I kind of already knew. Carly and Dan were now the pack leaders, naturally they would have a high place of respect with everyone in the pack, even more so than Bruce had. 
     Dan shifted and then he looked at Carly, a guilty expression on his face. She nodded at him reassuringly and then they both looked at me.
     “How’s Scott, is he…” At the mention of Scott, I turned around and ran back into the bedroom, everyone followed close behind me. I ran up to Scotty and I sat on the bed by him. I had pulled the dagger out of him so he should have been ok by now, but he wasn’t.
     “Scott.” I said loudly as I put my hands on him and began to shake him a little. “Scotty, Scott, get up.” I demanded. I placed two fingers on his throat and I checked for a pulse, there was no pulse. I shook my head and laid my ear on his chest. I listened closely for a heartbeat but there was none. As I sat on the bed listening to Scott, Alex sat down by me. He sat there for a moment and then he placed his hand on my shoulder.
     “Baby…” He whispered. I shook my head.
     “No, no! I pulled the dagger out of him Alex, he can heal, he can get better.” I whispered. After I said this the sting of reality hit me and I knew that he could be dead. I felt a tear fall from my eye and then I began to shake him a little more. “Scotty, get up, please!” I cried. Carly walked up to us and she placed her fingers on Scott’s neck and she checked for a pulse herself. When she didn’t feel anything, she looked at me with somewhat tearful eyes.
     “Honey, his heart isn’t beating.” She said seriously. I shook my head again, trying to deny the facts.
     “No, he’s a hybrid, he can’t just die, no, no, he’s just sleeping.” I mumbled. 
     I sat there for a few more minutes, checking his breathing, pulse and heartbeat over and over again. Still, every time I checked there was nothing. Carly and Dan had left me and Alex alone and they went to go clean up Bruce’s body. Finally after ten minutes, Carly and Dan returned to take care of Scott. As they approached the bed, I looked back at them and I shook my head. 
     “Stay there.” I ordered. “He’s getting better, he just needs a little bit of time to…” 
     “Selena, he’s dead, he’s not getting better.” Dan’s voice cracked as he said this. I looked from Dan to Scott and I felt tears fall from my eyes and hit Scott’s lifeless face. 
     “Please don’t take him away.” I begged. I felt Carly’s hand touch my shoulder and I looked back at her. She frowned and shook her head. I looked from her to Scott and then I felt a terrible pain in my heart; it was a pain worse than when my grandmother had died. I knew Scott better than her and though I loved her, that love didn’t compare to the love I had for Scotty. I looked at his lifeless body with wide eyes. I felt my mouth hanging open a little and I shook my head and laid myself over Scott’s body. I felt my body grow tense and a miserable wail escape my mouth; the wail was followed by heartbroken sobs. “No!” I shrieked. “No, no, no, no, no!” I felt Alex’s hand lay on my shoulder but I didn’t want his comfort so I pushed his hand away from me. “No!” I said again as I felt another wave of pain wash over me. I felt another hand touch my shoulder and I reached back to push it away; this time it wasn’t Alex though, it was Carly. I saw the distressed look upon her face and then, without thinking, I stood up and wrapped my arms around her. She embraced me and I laid my head on her shoulder and cried. I allowed myself to look past my own pain and I thought of Jenn. “No!” I thought. “Oh my gosh, how can I… how can I tell her that Scott is… that he’s dead?” I began to cry harder and I felt Carly squeeze me tighter. I wondered if it was actually a physical pain I was feeling or if the mental pain was so intense that my brain was projecting most of it into physical pain to help relieve itself. I could swear I was going to die.
     As I cried I began hyperventilating. Carly and I both slid down to the floor and she held me tight and told me to breath. I tried to but my eyes were fixed on Scotty. Alex had a small tear in his eye as he watched me; he wiped away the tear and then he walked over to Scotty. Dan and Alex picked up Scott’s body and they began to walk him over to the bathroom. As they were walking, a peculiar thing happened. Scott, his arm twitched a little and then he took in a deep breath of air and opened his eyes. “Ah!” Both Alex and Dan exclaimed as they jumped back, startled. Scott fell to the floor and he closed his eyes in pain. I let go of Carly and we all stared at him.
     “Scotty?” I asked hopefully. I stood up and took a small step toward him. He groaned and then he tilted his head a little so that he was looking at me. 
     “Ouch.” He muttered as he sat up a little. I felt a smile form on my face and then I ran up to him and wrapped my arms around his neck. Alex, Carly and Dan all stared at him in disbelief.
     If it was possible for shape shifters to do so, I probably would’ve gotten several grey hairs that day from the fear I’d had of Scott’s “almost” death. The joy I felt once I figured out he was alive was enough to make up for that scare though. I often ask myself, “Was it Bruce’s dying that made that day memorable in my mind forever?” That could have been a big part of it, but what it really was, was the fact that Scott was alive. This was the day that death had grabbed someone I loved but they had escaped his cold grasp. Death, for the first time in a long time, had lost at his own game.



























Chapter 16
 
     Thirty minutes after Scott came back to life, we all left the hotel. Carly and Dan had put Bruce in a few large trash bags and they had tossed him out of the window and then they had taken him to the dumpster. While Alex and I packed all of Jenn and Scott’s stuff up, Carly and Dan filled the dumpster with some kerosene they picked up at the local store. They poured the kerosene in the dumpster and all over Bruce’s body and then they set it on fire. After that, Scott, Alex and I met up with them outside and we began to walk home. Scott wasn’t well enough to run home so we all walked slowly.
     “And you’re sure Jenn’s ok?” Scott asked for the eighth time already. Alex nodded, reassuring him that she was.
     “John and Randy took care of her, I promise.” 
     “We’re more worried about you hon, how are you feeling?” Carly asked.
     “I’m fine, it was so weird, when the dagger was in me, I could hear everything for a while and I could feel the dagger in me but I couldn’t move or breath for that matter. It was like everything just stopped, my heartbeat stopped and after a few minutes, things became fuzzy, I couldn’t hear after a while. I would have thought I was dead but I could still feel the dagger inside of me and I could still hear myself thinking.”
     “Were you scared?” I questioned. He nodded.
     “It was terrifying, it was like I was blind and deaf and mute, I was trapped inside of my head. The worst part was that I could feel myself dying. When you pulled the dagger out of me, everything started to come back really slowly. I heard after a few minutes, I heard you talking and then I felt you shaking me. My heartbeat came back a little while after you and Carly checked me and then my breath and everything else came back when Dan and Alex were taking off with me.” Dan shook his head.
     “You’re one tough kid.” He complimented. Scott shook his head.
     “Not really, I went home to take a nap and the next thing I know, I saw Bruce shoving a knife into my heart. I should have known it wasn’t Jenn coming into the room but I was sleeping so I wasn’t paying attention. All I could think about while that dagger was in me was Jenn; I knew that the knife had to have her blood on it and I was scared that she…” Scott shook his head and looked up. It was sprinkling and looked like it was going to rain pretty hard. “On second thought Carly, I don’t feel good.” Scott muttered as we continued to walk. He needed blood very badly right now.
     We all hurried home and got there in ten minutes. When at the porch, the front door flew open and there was a blur. The next thing I knew, Jenn was in Scott’s arms and her lips were pressed against his. She pulled back a minute later and she hugged him tight.
     “Oh thank God, I thought he was going to kill you.” She cried. Scott’s face looked heartbroken at Jenn’s tears. He shook his head and squeezed her tight.
     “I’m ok, I’m fine.” He promised. Scott put his hands on Jenn’s shoulders and he pushed her back a little bit. He looked her over, examining her wound that was now healed. “What happened?” He asked angrily. Jenn looked from him to me and Alex. I blinked and her arms were around Alex and me. She hugged us and then she looked at Alex.
     “Thank you for helping him and for finding me.” She whispered. Alex nodded and stared at her. 
     “You’re welcome.” He looked behind himself and observed the rain. “Let’s go inside and then tell us what happened.” Jenn nodded and then we all went into the house.
     When in the dry house, we stood in the room by the door and we all looked at Jenn.
     “Where is everyone Jenn?” Dan asked. 
     “They’re all in the kitchen, they don’t know that you guys are back.”
     “Ok, well we’re going to have to explain to them what happened so you need to tell us exactly what Bruce did to you.” Dan sounded nervous to talk to the pack. 
     “Well,” Jenn began, “I was heading home to Scott and when I was by the hotel, I smelled blood and I heard moaning so I followed the sent, it lead me into the alley by the dumpster. Bruce was behind the dumpster and he had a knife in his chest. I ran up to him and I pulled the knife out of him and told him to shift. It was my fault, I wasn’t being smart. I had set the knife down by his side, I didn’t think he was gonna try to stab me; he grabbed the knife he he shoved it into my chest. When the knife was in me, he shifted and then he pinned me down and let me bleed for a few minutes. He stabbed me really close to my heart and I had lost a lot of blood, I think he thought I was dead because I hadn’t fought back or anything. I figured that if he knew I was alive he would stab me again or really kill me so I faked being dead. Well, when I was almost fully drained, he took the knife out of me and threw me into the dumpster. It was a few minutes after he left that my phone rang. I dropped it in the dumpster while pulling it out of my pocket so it took me a few minutes to find it. When I did find it, I called you Selena.”
     “It was all Bruce.” Carly said as she looked at Dan. Danny nodded and looked at her.
     “They’re going to be mad.” 
     “Not Sam or John, maybe not Britney and Randy.” Alex said seriously. 
     “Michael and Amber?” I wondered. We all stood there quietly and then Dan shook his head and looked at Jenn and Scott. 
     “You guys should go up to Selena and Alex’s room until we know how everyone is going to react to this.” Dan warned. They nodded and then they went upstairs.
     I turned around and looked at the doorway leading into the living room and saw John standing in it, his face was blank. Everyone turned around and then Carly and Dan walked passed him and into the living room. As I went to follow them, John held out his arm, stopping me. His wrist had a large bandage on it, I assumed that he had been the one who gave Jenn blood. 
     “Is Bruce dead?” He questioned in a whisper. I nodded. John sighed, looked down and moved his arm. I felt Alex’s hand grab mine and I looked back at him; he made a motion with his head to go to the living room so I did as he instructed. Carly, Dan, John, Alex and I all entered the kitchen a moment later, everyone was sitting around the table. They all looked at Dan and Carly and I could tell that they felt that same shiver that I had felt. Dan frowned and then he crossed his arms, he was clearly at a loss for words. Danny opened his mouth to speak but he closed it again. A second later, he opened it, knowing what to say this time and then he began to speak.
     “I assume you guys know what happened, you felt it just now.”
     “Where’s Bruce?” Sammy asked curiously. Carly looked at him.
     “Bruce, he attacked Jenn and Scott today.” She paused and let Dan jump in.
     “He stabbed Jenn and then he went and stabbed Scott. Jenn, she was nearly dead and Scott, we thought he was dead when we got to him.”
     “Is he ok?” Britney hoped. Carly nodded. 
     “Scott’s fine, Jenn’s fine.” 
     “And Bruce?” Michael hissed. Dan looked at him with compassionate eyes.
     “Michael, Bruce broke the rules, he hurt Selena and Sam. Carly and I, we warned him that if he tried to hurt Scott and Jenn that we would kill him.”
     “It’s too dangerous to have someone like Bruce in the pack.” Carly stated.
     “That doesn’t mean you had to kill him.” Michael yelled.
     “Do you think I wanted to? Do you think I enjoyed killing Bruce?” Dan retorted. “He was as much my brother as he was your father or your mentor. Bruce was a problem though and problems have to be solved.”
     “No, Bruce wasn’t the problem, Dan, bringing damn vampires into the pack was the problem. Bruce took me in, he was like a dad to me and now he’s dead. This pack isn’t normal any more, it isn’t right.”
     “Come on Michael, this pack hasn’t been normal for a while now, and you know it.” Carly argued. It was silent for a long moment before Amber began to nod slowly. 
     “Yeah, you’re right, you’re really right, the pack hasn’t been normal.” She now looked at me. “It hasn’t been normal ever since Selena showed up. How do we even know she’s on our side?” I frowned and looked down. Alex took a step in front of me. 
     “Hey, Selena’s my wife so if you have a problem with her, why don’t you bring it up with me.” Alex said angrily. 
     “No,” said Michael, “No, Amber’s right, everything was fine, Bruce was normal until she showed up and took you away. She’s the reason Bruce was acting the way he was. She’s the problem.”
     “Well what do you want them to do Michael, just get up and leave? I assure you if Selena leaves Alex leaves too.” Randy said sharply. 
     “Well if getting rid of her solves the problem then losing Alex won’t be that great of a loss. He left once before, remember?”
     “Enough!” Dan shouted. “Enough.” He looked at Michael. “It’s obvious that you and Amber blame Selena for this.” He looked at the rest of the pack. “If that’s how any one else feels then speak up now.” His yelling caused people to tremble. “I want to see a show of hands of the people who are blaming Bruce’s actions on Selena.” Michael and Amber were the only ones who raised their hands. Dan looked at them and shook his head.
     “Selena is a part of our pack, she’s not leaving.” Michael shook his head. 
     “Then Amber and I are. We joined this pack because we liked the way Bruce led. You’re not a leader Dan, you can’t take care of this pack. How can you lead a pack when you have the things we’re trying to kill in it? As long as the vampires are here, you’re never gonna be a good leader.”
     “Well if you feel that way, leave.” Carly instructed. “Pack your bags and get out.” Michael and Amber frowned, realizing what they had just done. 
     Everyone stood silently, staring at Amber and Michael. They stood there and finally Michael grabbed Amber’s wrist and they headed off to their room. We were all silent for several minutes before Sammy broke the silence.
     “Whoa… Bruce is dead?” This information had flown straight over his head earlier. Everyone laughed, he made us feel better. John chuckled and pushed Sam a little. 
     “You’re really a smart kid.” He teased. Sam scowled at him but then he laughed a second later. 
     We all talked to Dan and Carly a little, encouraging them. We didn’t think that they were gonna be bad pack leaders, in fact, we thought they would be even better than Bruce had ever been. When everyone settled down, I headed up to my room. Michael and Amber had locked themselves in their room and were silent. I went to my room and I closed the door behind myself. I looked around for Lapis or Jenn and Scott but didn’t see them anywhere. I sighed and walked over to my bed. I was thinking about what Amber and Michael had said, about this being my fault; deep down I knew that they were just trying to find someone to blame, but I didn’t believe that right now. I sat down on the bed and I stared at the wall. “She’s the reason Bruce was acting the way he was. How do we even know she’s on our side? She’s the problem.” The taunting words echoed again and again in the back of my head. I clentched my fists, grabbing the sheets and I tried to hold back the sharp tears that were attempting to escape. “She’s the problem.” I finally let go of the blanket and laid back onto the bed. I sobbed and then I threw the blankets over myself and hid. I think I took this so hard because I was pregnant, my emotions were all screwy right now. 
     After a few minutes of hopeless crying, I felt the bed move and someone sat by me.
     “I was gonna ask who was under these blankets here but my Selena’s the only one who can stay under them for three hours straight and not suffocate to death.” I felt a smile appear on my face and disappear in a heartbeat. Alex lifted up the blanket letting cool air into my tent and then he scooted closer to me and threw the blankets back over us. My back was facing him and I felt him wrap his arms around me. “You know that Michael and Amber didn’t mean what they said right?” I shook my head.
     “No, they meant it.” I said surely. “When people are mad they tend to say what’s really on their minds.”
     “That or they say thing they know will hurt others.” Alex paused. “Are you crying because of them?” I nodded and then I paused and shook my head. 
     “I thought that’s why I was but I’m not really sure any more.” I took a deap breath in and then I felt another tear fall from my eye. “I feel so sad but I don’t know why I’m sad and crying. I also feel angry but I don’t know who I’m angry at. I feel like I’m going to explode or something.” Alex laughed.
     “That’s crazy, I mean, it’s not like you’re pregnant or anything.” He joked. I laughed and then I turned around to face him. I could barely see Alex’s face, but I could tell that he was smiling. I wrapped my arms around him and I laid my head on his chest. I sighed and shook my head. 
     “What if I’m a terrible mother?” I whispered. Alex looked at me and shook his head.
     “Why would you be a terrible mother?” He asked as if my question was crazy. 
     “I didn’t have one growing up so I don’t know how to be one.”
     “On the contrary, I think since you didn’t have a mother you’re gonna be the best mom.” I paused, thinking this through and then I shook my head.
     “What kind of logic is that?” 
     “That’s Alex logic. I think you’re gonna give our kid everything you didn’t have when you were a kid. You know exactly what you wanted growing up so you’ll give it to our baby tenfold.” I nodded a little, kind of understanding.
     “I suppose.” I mumbled. 
     “And if all else fails, after hanging out with the both of us, our kid will title you, ‘the cool parent’ by default.” I chuckled.
     “And why would he do that?” I questioned. 
     “ ‘Oh my gosh Dad, you’re so lame and weird, why can’t you be more like Mom? She’s so cool and fun and pretty.’ ‘Well I’m kind of cool.’ ‘Oh my gosh Dad, get real!’ ” Alex argued with himself. I laughed, smiled and kissed his cheek. 
     “You’re not lame and weird.” I reassured. Alex nodded. 
     “Oh, I know.” 
     “Then why do you think our kid is gonna say that?”
     “I don’t, but I got you to smile, didn’t I?” I smiled at him again and nodded.
     “I love you.” I said as I laid my lips on his. He kissed me back and held me tight. 
     “I love you too. Now, can we get out from under these covers, I didn’t bring my oxygen tank with me today.” I laughed, nodded and threw the blankets off of us.
     Alex and I talked a while longer before Lapis came into our room. He had gathered bits and pieces of what had happened but we explained it to him better. When he was all caught up, he comforted me a little saying that it wasn’t my fault and stuff like that. 
     Around ten, Alex and I went to sleep with Lapis at the foot of our bed. When we woke in the morning, Michael and Amber were gone. This really upset the pack, we were going to say goodbye to them, but clearly this had not been Michael and Amber’s intention. Their leaving really messed up the pack, that and the loss of Bruce. It was especially hard on Carly and Dan, they were the new pack leaders and with three less people than normal, it was hard. Carly couldn’t go to the raid and neither could Dan. The only people who could go were me, Alex, John, Sammy, Randy, Britney, Scott and Jenn. Now that was ok for now, but soon I wouldn’t be able to go and I didn’t want Alex to go without me but I might have to be the one to make the sacrifice and let him go. Without me and Alex there would only be six people, at least if Alex went, he could go with Jenn and Scott. I didn’t want it, but I was sure they’d take great care of him.
     A few days after the raid, we all packed up and headed to Carbonad, Washington. I liked where we were staying, it was nice and homey. Washington was a beautiful place, the rain and the green were all contributors to its splendor. The next full moon was on September thirtieth, the raid would be on the twenty-nineth. 
     On September fourteenth, Carly and Dan went to the doctor’s to get an ultrasound done. They left around noon and returned later on in the afternoon. Carly was six months pregnant now so they would be able to tell the gender of their child easily. Around six, they returned and they first talked to me and Alex. Carly and Dan were having a baby boy and were overjoyed! They told the rest of the pack at dinner and then everyone began to suggest names. Carly was going all out on baby stuff, she was buying clothes and toys and cribs and anything she thought the baby would need. Carly and Dan were journalists so they had money saved away from when they had worked full time.
     Scott and Jenn did stay with us, though I couldn’t imagine why. I thought for sure that they would have left but they didn’t. They wanted to stay until everyone had their babies and could safely go to the raids again. Everyone liked that idea and were glad to have them stay.
     Britney and I were getting along as good as we usually did. Britt tried to get along with Jenn and did exceedingly well at it. Jenn on the other hand, she didn’t like Britney, she didn’t hate her but she didn’t like her. I wondered why she didn’t but I assumed it was just Jenn being Jenn.
     John and I were still getting along great, he was a big oaf and he could be a jerk if he wanted to be, but I loved him none the less. As for Alex and John, of course they still hated each other, what more could you expect from them? Lapis got along with everyone, no one besides Jenn, Scott and Alex knew I could talk to him and I was pretty good at keeping that secret hidden. My hallucinations continued but weren’t happening as often. I wondered if I was having a girl but Lapis assured me that if I was still having any hallucinations at all it could still be a boy no matter how often they happened.
     Every day I spent with Alex I fell more and more in love with him and we grew stronger and closer. We tried very hard to keep no secrets from one another, I trusted him with my life and he trusted me. Every day I became more and more glad that my parents had died. Yeah, that sounds horrible, but I was glad; if they wouldn’t have died I never would have met Alex. I sometimes tried to imagine my life without him but it was hard. I loved him so much and the longer I spent with him the less I felt sad about the people in my life I had lost. I thought really hard and decided that I didn’t need anybody else, Carly and Dan, I loved them and they were my parents, but I didn’t need them. Scott and Jenn and anyone else in the pack, I loved them, but I would never choose them over Alex. So, to sum it all up, I was happy and I was so excited for Alex and my baby to come! It would be crazy as soon as my baby and Carly’s baby were here, having two kids running around the place would be nuts, but it would be amazing. I was no longer concerned about the gender of our baby, the way I saw it was that, there was really no chance that I could get pregnant, the odds were horrible, but I was pregnant. If something that couldn’t have happened, did happen then it wasn’t a mistake. If I had a son and he was a werewolf, it was supposed to be that way; if I had a daughter and she was a shifter, that was supposed to happen. Alex had been the one that had convinced me not to stress out on the gender of our kid and I was thankful he had. I still didn’t want to get an ultrasound done, now it was more because I wanted to be surprised but it sure was a big price to pay for being surprised. Alex and I were working on picking out both girl and boy names and we couldn’t rightly buy anything until after the baby was born. Jenn insisted on us buying a few unisex outfits for the baby so that it could have clothes until she could get to it. She was like that cool aunt that loves to buy stuff for the neice or nephew… our baby was the neice or nephew. Alex and I had money set aside for baby stuff and we told her that we were gonna pay for things but Jenn wanted to help and was insistent on doing so, so we let her have her way with things.
     Along with thinking of the baby, Alex and I were thinking of what we wanted to do once the baby was born. I really wanted life to be normal, I wanted our kid to live a normal life but being in a pack put that hope out of the picture. Alex, more than once, had suggested that maybe we buy a house somewhere and settle down. I loved that idea, perhaps a little too much. As much as I told myself that moving every month was normal, I knew deep down that it wasn’t. I wanted a home, somewhere permanent, I had never had a permanent home or house to live in. In the orphanage I got moved around and now here we move around, but at least here I’m with people I love.
     Jenn grew more and more impatient with Jesse. She said that she was over waiting for him, but as her friend, I knew she was lying. She loved Jesse even though she said, “I don’t care where he is or what the hell he does just so long as he’s not dead.” I knew that she missed him and I knew that if he ever came back, she’d kill him.
     September flew by very quickly. We had the raid and then we left on October first. The first raid with Dan as pack leader wasn’t too much diferent than it had been when Bruce was in charge, if anything, it was just a little more organized but not enough that people would notice.
     After we left Carbonad, we headed for Denton, Montana. We weren’t in town this time, we were a while north of the town. I often wondered why we went to the places we went to, so I finally bucked up the nerve and asked Dan. I was mostly curious why there were these random houses in the middle of nowhere. Dan told me that decades ago, shifters built these houses, they were often far away from the towns so that the town’s people wouldn’t find out what they were. Danny had a map and on the map he had marked down places where shifters often went; he chose from that map where he wanted to go next.
     We got to the houses in Denton around seven thirty in the afternoon on October first. There were two large houses so when everyone decided where they wanted to stay and whatnot, we all began to unpack our stuff. Alex took my luggage and his and went upstairs to unload it. While everyone unpacked, Carly and I cooked dinner with Lapis under our feet. I fed Lapis and talked to Carly as we cooked. John, Sammy, Britney and Randy were staying at one house and everyone else was staying at the other house.
     Dan and Scott were bringing stuff into this house and everything seemed normal until I began to hear arguing coming from outside. I listened, expecting it to be John arguing with someone but I wanted to know for sure what was going on. Carly took over cooking for me and I ran out to the front yard to see what all the fuss was about, Scott and Dan had already gone out. It was dark out so I had a hard time seeing but I could make out five men figures and three girls. The men were John, Dan, Scott, Randy and Sam and there only should have been two girls, Jenn and Britney, but, there was a third girl. I ran up to John and looked passed him. 
     “Look,” the unknown girl said angrily, “my pack and I were here first.” She argued. John chuckled.
     “Right, and where’s all of your stuff?”
     “My pack’s back in town eating dinner, I wasn’t hungry so I decided to come here without them, it looks like I made a mistake.” 
     “Yes, yes you did, and technically you weren’t here first.” John retorted. The girl scowled at him.
     “John, enough.” Dan said as he looked from him to the girl. He shook his head and shrugged. “Look, ma’am, I’m sorry that you and your pack were going to stay here, but we honestly were here first. Besides that, we have two pregnant women, we need the big houses.” 
     “Pff!” She scoffed. “You have two pregnant women, well I have a brain dead mother who’s been in the hospital for three years. Don’t play the pitty game with me because I’ll win.” Looking at this girl, there was something freakishly familiar about her but I couldn’t pin what it was. I could swear I’d seen her before but I didn’t know where from.
     A minute later, Alex came running outside, he approached me.
     “Hey, Carly said that someone was arguing, I came to prove my ‘it’s John’ theory right.” I chuckled and shook my head, looking back at the stranger.
     “No, it’s some chick, we don’t know who she is.” Alex looked from me to the girl and then she sighed and looked around. Her eyes stopped on Alex, impatient and angry, but, when she saw Alex, it all disappeared. Her mouth fell open a little as she stared at him. I looked from the girl to Alex, his face was shocked, like he had been shot or something. It was silent as Alex and the girl stared at each other. Finally, moments later, the girl spoke. 
     “Alex?” She asked under her breath. I frowned and looked at Alex. The worst fears were running through my mind, “Oh man, she’s an ex-girlfriend, I just know it!” A jealous sting ran up my spine as I stared at her. I thought that to be stupid because I had no clue if she even was an ex-girlfriend. I looked from the girl to Alex.
     “Who is she?” I inquired. Alex, with his mouth hanging open a little, looked from the girl to me and then back to the girl.
     “Violet.” He slowly looked back to me and frowned. His eyes were unreadable but I knew exactly who she was. “She’s my sister.”


Chapter 17

     I kept looking from Alex to Violet, that’s why she had looked so familiar, she was his sister. Everyone was doing the same as me, observing Alex and then observing Violet and shaking their heads, astonished at the odds. Violet didn’t look like I had imagined her looking, she was big boned but skinny. She was about my height and she had really, really blonde hair. I couldn’t totally see, but what my eyes did tell me was that she had bright blue eyes and her nose and eye shapes looked very similar to Alex’s.
     After what seemed like hours, Violet shoved her way passed John and approached Alex. When she was in front of him, she threw her arms around him and he wrapped his arms around her, that same shocked expression on his face. A long moment of them hugging passed by and then Violet pushed Alex away from her, her face now looked angry for some reason.
     “You left us.” She said slow and threateningly. Alex took a step back.
     “I told you I was going to.” Alex pleaded. Violet took a step forward causing Alex to back up a little more.
     “You told me you’d leave but I didn’t believe you would do it.” A small tear fell from Violet’s eye and she wiped it away with the palm of her hand. Violet took another step forward, she looked like she was just about ready to punch Alex so I took a step in front of Alex and held up my hands.
     “Violet.” I said in a calm manner. She looked from Alex to me.
     “Who the hell are you?” She interrogated. She stared at me for a moment and then her attention moved to my left hand. She stared at my hand for a moment and then she grabbed it. She studied my ring for a minute and then she dropped my hand and looked at Alex.
     “You’re married?” She asked under her breath. Violet looked from Alex, back to me and then she just stared at me. After several seconds of Violet staring at me, she opened her arms and wrapped them around me. I stood there awkwardly, not hugging her but gently patting her back. Once she let go of me, she walked around me and to Alex and she hugged him again.
     “I thought you were dead.” She cried. Alex hugged her tight and shook his head. “You never called or wrote, I never heard from you again after you left.” Alex frowned and let go of Violet.
     “I’m ok, I’m not dead.” He said with a smile on his face. Violet smiled too and nodded.
     Alex introduced Violet to everyone and then we all went inside and explained to Carly what was going on. She was super happy for Alex and greeted Violet with a huge hug. Once everyone was introduced, we all sat down to dinner. Violet sat by John across the table from Alex and I. We all ate except for Alex, he seemed unable to breathe right at the moment so eating probably wasn’t the smartest idea.
     “So,” Alex said after he cleared his throat, “you… you’re a shifter now.” Violet nodded as she took a bite of food. 
     “Yep, I have been for two and a half years.” Alex smiled and shook his head. 
     “Who turned you?” He wondered aloud.
     “Lee.” Alex tilted his head a little.
     “Lee, why her?”
     “Well, when I turned sixteen, I was ready to turn but Dad didn’t want that.” Alex nodded a little and then he let out a long, drawn out sigh. 
     “Well, how’s Lee doing? Last I remember she was in her goth stage.” Violet giggled.
     “She’s married now.” A smile formed on Alex’s face.
     “Wow, who’d she marry?” Alex sounded amazed.
     “She married Brian.” She said this like Brian was an inside joke or something. Alex laughed, his face looked a mix between happy and shocked.
     “Brian? How did that happen, they hated each other.” Violet nodded.
     “Yeah, well feelings change when a guy saves you from drowning.” Alex frowned.
     “What happened?”
     “A mature vampire caught Lee and chained her up to a heavy object and then she tossed her into a lake.”
     “Was she ok?” Carly hoped. Vie looked from Alex to Carly and nodded.
     “Oh yeah, Brian jumped in and saved her. He used to be a lifeguard so he’s real good at swimming.” Violet smiled and looked back at Alex. “Lee and Brian’s first kiss was by CPR.” She thought that was cute.
     “So they got married?” Alex said, still in disbelief. Violet nodded.
     “Yep, they’re married and they have a son.” Alex’s smile widened.
     “A son, how old is he?” 
     “He’s two, his name is Timmy.” Alex smiled and shook his head.
     “That’s awesome for them.” He said sincerely. Vie nodded and sighed.
     “If only you would have been there when he was born, maybe you’d appreciate the joy of children more.” Violet looked at me. “I don’t think Alex will ever have kids, when he was still with us, he swore that he wouldn’t.” I frowned and Alex and I were silent. Carly was the one to break the silence seconds later.
     “Yeah, well we’re actually expecting some babies pretty soon.” Violet smiled and nodded.
     “Yeah, Dan said there were a few people pregnant.” Carly nodded. 
     “Yes, Dan and I are expecting our first.” Vie smiled.
     “How fun! Are you excited?” Dan and Carly both nodded.
     “Very.” Dan replied with a smile on his face.
     “Well congratulations! Who else is expecting?” Alex and I remained really quiet, if Alex was thinking what I was thinking then I knew exactly why he wasn’t speaking up. The one that spoke up, oddly enough, was John.
     “Well Violet, Selena is actually pregnant.” Facepalm! The second the words came out of John’s mouth, Vie began to cough like she was choking on some food. John hastily gave her some water and she drank it. When Violet could breathe again, she looked at Alex and let out a few more small coughs.
     “Pregnant, and here I was saying that the old Alex would never have kids.”
     “Oh, the old Alex wouldn’t have kids,” John began, “but unfortunately, Alex and Selena got stuck with the two percent chance, faulty condom.” Bigger freaking face palm! I felt myself blush as I looked down.
     “Shut up John!” I said angrily under my breath. Violet laughed at his comment, boosting his morale. I peeked up at Alex, he hadn’t blushed like I had but I could tell he was embarrassed.
     “Guys.” Dan said seriously. “It’s dinner time, if you could try to respect the rules of the table John.” John nodded and Violet shook her head with a smile on her face, she then looked back at me and Alex.
     “So, how are you, are you happy, nervous, excited?” This question was directed at Alex. 
     “I’m great, I mean there’s not really words to describe how I feel. I’m overjoyed I guess.” I smiled, happy at his words. Vie nodded and looked at me.
     “And how are you?” I smiled.
     “I’m happy, I’ve always dreamed of being a mom and having kids so this really is a dream come true. You know, before I married Alex, I asked him if he wanted kids and he was just like, ‘Nope,’ so I was just like, ‘eh, he’ll come around to it later in life. I can’t get pregnant now anyways, I’m young.’ ” Carly laughed and smiled at me. “I’m just super excited, I mean I love the bay so much, I know that sounds funny but he’s my kid, he’s our kid. Vie smiled at me and Alex.
     “How far along are you?” She wondered. 
     “I’m four months pregnant.” She nodded.
     “And are you having a boy?” Alex shrugged.
     “We don’t know, we’re not going to have an ultrasound done.”
     “Why not?” Vie inquired. Alex and I shrugged.
     “We kind of want it to be a surprise.” I said as honest as possible.
     As we spoke, Lapis came trotting down the stairs and he stopped and looked at Violet. He looked at me and I held out a hand, he nodded and walked over to his dog dish and began to eat.
     “So,” Violet began again, “what are you guys thinking of naming the baby?” 
     “Um, well, if it’s a boy we were thinking of Seth Kenneth.” Alex said. 
     “Yeah, we liked the name, Seth Kenneth Carter.” Everyone smiled, this was the first time we had actually told them the names we wanted. Everyone had thrown out suggestions but we hadn’t discussed names with them too much.
     “Why that name?” Violet asked curiously.
     “Well, we both liked the name Seth and we had a friend named Kent, his real name was Kenneth. He died helping me and Selena so we wanted a little something to remember him by.” Alex replied. Violet nodded.
     “Yeah and the Carter part you kind of got stuck with.” Alex laughed and nodded. “What are you thinking if it’s a girl?”
     “Well, we have a few ideas for the girl name, I think we’re having a boy, that’s why we’re possitive on the boy name, but for a girl name, we want the middle name to be Alexis.” I said. Vie smiled and looked at Alex.
     “What are you guys thinking for a first name?”
     “Well, Selena wanted a more… unique name and I think unique is fine so long as she doesn’t name the kid Saffron or something like that.” Vie looked back at me.
     “What names are you thinking?” She questioned.
     “Well, I like Jaden, that’s not too abnormal but it’s pretty.”
     “Tell her the other one you picked out.” Alex said with a grin on his face. I bit my lip and looked at Violet. 
     “Guinevere.” I mumbled. Everyone smiled.
     “Guinevere Alexis Carter.” Alex said proudly. I smiled and looked around.
     “I thought it would be cute name, Gwen. I know it’s an unusual name but…” Everyone shook their heads.
     “No, no, it’s awesome!” Britney exclaimed. I smiled at her and I looked back at Violet.
     We all talked for five more minutes before we heard car doors close outside. Violet cast a sorry glance at Alex and then she stood up and went to the front door. Carly, Dan, Britney and Randy all went with her. Sammy was still eating and Jenn and Scott were discussing stuff. I looked at Alex who looked like he was gonna pass out. I frowned and grabbed his hand.
     “Hey, are you alright?” I hoped. He nodded. 
     “Yeah, I’m just nervous to see my mom is all.”
     “And your dad, you know you’re going to see him tonight, right?” He nodded slowly. 
     “Yeah, I know, I just wish I didn’t have to.” I frowned and gave him a kiss.
     “It’s gonna be fine.” I swore. He nodded and kissed me back. We stood up and walked out of the room, Jenn, Scott and Sammy followed us. We went into the living room and saw five people. There were two girls, two guys and a kid in one of the girls arms. I assumed the woman holding the baby was Lee and the man with his arms around her was Brian.
     I stared at the people, watching them. The other man and woman looked from Violet to Alex and huge smiles formed on their faces. They shoved their ways passed people and they embraced Alex into a tight hug. I thought these people to be Alex’s parents though they didn’t look completely alike. 
     “Look at you!” The woman eclaimed. The man pat Alex’s back and shook his head. 
     “Boy, when we saw the cars here I thought, ‘man, someone beat us to our house.’ I can sincerely say I’m glad it was you!” Both the man and woman had Southern accents. Alex smiled and looked back at me. 
     “Selena, this is my Uncle Jack and Aunt Cindy.” I let out a deep breath, glad it wasn’t his parents though I didn’t know why. Alex looked from me to his family. “Guys, this is my wife, Selena.” He said as he wrapped his arm around me. Cindy and Jack smiled a little and then they embraced me as well as Alex. After Alex’s family was done squishing us, they let us go and smiled at Alex. 
     “Boy, I got a dog and I thought that was big news but you done went and got yourself hitched!” Alex smiled and nodded.
     “Yeah.”
     “How long have you been married?” Cindy questioned. Alex held out his hands in a reassuring manner.
     “I will answer all of your questions in a minute, just let me go say hi to Lee and Brian really quick.” Cindy nodded and Alex ran over to them. Brian smiled and held out his hand, Alex took it and they shook. 
     “I never thought I’d see you again.” Brian said with a smile on his face. Alex chuckled. 
     “I wasn’t planning on it either but since you’re here anyway…” Alex gave Brian a hug and then he pat him on the back. “How are you doing?” Alex questioned. Brian nodded. 
     “I’m great.” Alex looked from Brian to Lee. He smiled and gave her a half hug. 
     “Look at you, Violet said that you guys got married and had a kid.” Lee smiled and looked at her kid who was staring curiously at Alex. 
     “Yeah, this is Timmy.” She looked back at Alex. “He’s amazing. But, anyway, how are you? Vie seems happy.” Alex nodded. 
     “I am too, I can’t believe that you guys are here.” 
     “Your plan to avoid your family forever isn’t going too well is it?” Alex chuckled and shook his head. 
     “Unfortunately not, I should have figured you guys would weasel your way back into my life.” Lee nodded.
     “Yep, we’re the devil.” Alex laughed and gave her one more hug.
     Once everyone was all introduced, we all talked for about thirty minutes. Sam played with Timmy and Timmy wanted to play with Lapis who kept getting up and moving a foot away from him. Timmy kept on going to Lapis so they were both moving around a lot.
     Alex sighed, finally unable to avoid the subject any longer.
     “Where’s Mike, Jack?” 
     “You know it’s not a sin to call him Dad.” Alex shook his head. 
     “That title is earned so I think I’ll stick with Mike. Where is he?”
     “My brother isn’t the best man, but he’s been trying.” Alex looked at Vie and she nodded.
     “He’s trying to change Alex, doesn’t that count for anything?”
     “Would you call him Dad?” Alex interrogated. Violet frowned and looked down. Alex nodded and looked from Violet to Jack.
     “Where’s Mike?” He asked again.
     “He’s at a bar.” Jack mumbled. Alex chuckled.
     “Yep, he’s changing alright, and Mom, did she get stuck waiting for him?” Everyone got quiet and Violet looked up, her face was nervous. Jack and Cindy looked taken aback. 
     “You didn’t tell him?” They asked Vie. She frowned.
     “I… I didn’t know how…” Violet stopped talking when a car door slammed outside. Everyone frowned and Jack got up and walked over to the front door. Alex looked very confused, I was too, I had no clue what was going on.
     As Jack opened the front door, I grabbed Alex’s hand, his eyes stayed fixed on the front door but he squeezed my hand reassuringly. I stared at the front door, Jack had gone outside and was talking. A few minutes later, he entered the house again and a man followed closely behind him. I knew this man was Mike only because Alex grew very tense when he saw him. Mike stumbled into the room, clearly drunk and he looked around, examining people. His chin and face shape were the same as Alex’s but really, that’s the only thing they had in common. Mike was 6’ 1” and beefy. He had dark brown hair and bright blue eyes, the same color as Violet’s. Mike scanned the room until his eyes landed on Alex. He stared at Alex, puzzled and tired looking but he shook it off.
     “Alex.” He slurred. “How long’s it been?” Alex shook his head.
     “I don’t know, I haven’t been counting the days since I left.” He replied rudely. Mike laughed and rubbed his eyes. 
     “I love how you come back right when everyone finally gets over you.” 
     “Well, you know, I’m like a cold, I’ll just keep coming back until you kill me off.” Mike chuckled.
     “Where’ve you been?” Alex wore a fake, shocked expression. 
     “Oh, so you care now?” He asked a little sarcastic.
     “We’re gonna pretend I do.”
     “Right well, uh, I’ve been here, with my pack.” Alex was angry, not a rip your head off angry but a frustrated angry. “Where’s Mom Mike?” Mike looked from Alex to Violet.
     “What, you didn’t tell him?” Vie frowned and looked down.
     “Tell me what Mike?” Alex asked slowly as he stood up. I touched his hand but he held out a finger. “One second Selena.” Alex said as he glared at Mike. “Mom, where is she?” Mike frowned and shook his head. 
     “Karren’s dead Alex.” Violet shook her head instantly.
     “No Alex, she’s not dead, she’s…”
     “She’s what Violet?” Mike yelled. “She’s not alive.” Alex looked heartbroken as he looked from Mike to Violet.
     “What happened?” He whispered. 
     “A damn vampire put her into a coma, that’s what happened.” Mike retorted. Alex looked from Vie to Mike and his eyes filled with rage.
     “How?” He hissed. 
     “Well obviously it was a vamp…”
     “No!” Alex yelled. “No, I want to know how the hell you could have let anything happen to her!” 
     “The vampire must have caught me off guard.” Mike didn’t sound sorry, he didn’t have any hint of remorse in his voice. Alex looked like he wanted to kill Mike and people jumped into action when Alex took a step forward. I blinked and Scott was in front of Alex.
     “Dude.” Scott murmured. Alex looked from Mike to Scott and he grew a little less tense. Jack looked at Dan. 
     “I’m gonna take my brother to a hotel, he’ll stay there until things calm down.” Danny nodded.
     “Yeah, I think you better.” Jack nodded and walked up to Mike. He grabbed his arm and yanked him back, taking him outside.
     When Jack and Mike were gone, Scott returned to Jenn’s side and it was silent. Everyone was staring at Alex who was looking down at the floor. No one else knew, but Alex was hurting inside, he was sad because he had loved his mom. I sat there helplessly staring at him, my heart breaking for him. Finally, after a very long minute, Alex turned around and ran upstairs to our room. I waited half a minute before I stood up and went up the stairs. I went to our bedroom door which was closed and I reached out my hand and grabbed the knob. I opened the door and then I slowly walked inside the room. Alex was standing by the tall dresser with both of his hands resting on top of it and his head resting in-between his arms. I closed the door behind myself and I took a few steps toward him.
     “Alex.” I muttered. He looked up and back at me. When he saw me, he put his hands back down to his side and tried to compose himself. 
     “What’s up?” I could tell that he was trying very hard to not show his anger.
     “I’m sorry Alex.” He frowned and shook his head.
     “It’s not your fault.” I nodded.
     “I know, but I can see you’re hurting and I wish I could take it away.” We were silent for a moment and then Alex shook his head.
     “All I wanted from Mike while growing up was for him to be there.” He looked directly at me. “When Violet was a baby, she got pnemonia and almost died, Mike wasn’t there. When I turned sixteen and got the shifter power, Mike wasn’t there to tell me that I was going to be ok. When Jared and his wife needed him, he wasn’t there.” Alex now began to pace around the room. “I excepted all of that stuff, but now, she’s my mom Selena, my mom! Where the hell was he when she needed him, she’s his wife, he should be willing to die for her!” He yelled. There was a wooden chair by the desk in the room and Alex was by it. He grabbed the chair and threw it at the wall, breaking the chair. I felt a small gasp escape my mouth and I took a step back. Alex stood by the desk and then I saw a tear escape from his eye. I frowned, shook my head and walked over to him. I wrapped my arms around him and he hugged me.
     “I know that you’re angry and sad and I wish I could take it away.” I cried. Alex shook his head and held me tighter.
     “I’m sorry.” He whispered. I shook my head.
     “Shh, no, it’s ok, it’s ok.”
     We stood there embrassing each other for what felt like hours. It had been completely silent until Alex laughed. His laugh caused me to smile.
     “I feel like I shoud go apologize to that chair.” He sounded serious but I wasn’t sure. I laughed, shook my head and laid my lips on his. Alex kissed me and I felt the butterflies enter into my system; they hadn’t been here in a while so I greeted them with open arms. Alex put one of his hands on my back and one in my hair and we slid down onto the floor. Alex laid on top of me and ran his lips across my neck and lips. I moved my hands down Alex’s back and I grabbed the bottom of his shirt and pulled it off of him. Alex smiled, kissed me and slid my shirt off. As he moved his hands down to my waist, I looked away from him for half a second and jumped at what I saw. 
     “Aw, how sweet.” Aaron said from the door. I gasped a little and Alex rolled off of me and looked over at the door. I blinked several times and then Aaron was gone. I then took in a deep breath and let it out. Alex looked from the door to me and he frowned. 
     “You’re still seeing things… aren’t you?” I nodded.
     “Yeah, but that was the first one in a while.” Alex sighed and was quiet for one minute. He sighed once more and sat up.
     “Well that’s one way to kill the mood.” He joked. I laughed and he pulled me up. 
     Alex and I dressed ourselves and the butterflies slowly left my system. I had felt so bad lately being pregnant and all so those butterflies were rare, however, when they did come, I happily greeted them. Alex and I talked for a while longer, he told me everything he was feeling and how sad and angry and happy he was at the same time. He felt better after about thirty minutes so it was then that we went downstairs and saw Jack and Dan talking by the front door. 
     “Yeah, well I have a feeling this month is going to be an off month with Mike and Alex being together so Cindy and I are going to go. Her sister has breast cancer so Cindy wants to be with her. We’ll come back as soon as the month is over and we know what everyone wants to do.” Dan nodded. 
     “Sounds fair, do me a favor though and say goodbye to Alex before you go.” Jack nodded. 
     “Of course, you have a very nice family Dan.” Jack complimented. Dan nodded.
     “Likewise, have a good trip.” Jack nodded and shook Dan’s hand. Dan then left for the living room and Jack looked over at me and Alex and frowned. He approached us and put his hand on Alex’s shoulder.
     “Hey kid, things are gonna be crazy this month so Cindy and I are gonna go to Maine and visit her sister.” Alex nodded.
     “That’s fine.”
     “Are you gonna be ok?” Alex nodded.
     “I think so, it’s gonna take a lot of work but I won’t kill your brother.” Jack smiled and nodded. He pat Alex’s back and then he looked at me.
     “Congratulations on your baby.” I smiled.
     “Thank you.” I said quietly. Jack pat Alex on the back once more and then he went into the living room to talk to Violet, Brian and Lee. I looked over at Alex and frowned. 
     “Are you sad that they’re leaving?” I wondered aloud. Alex looked at me and shook his head. 
     “Jack and Cindy joined our pack about two months before I left. I had met them before but I didn’t really know them, I still don’t.” I nodded and then we walked into the living room.
     We watched as Jack and Cindy talked to Lee and Brian and Violet. When they had said goodbye to everyone, they took off without another word. When they were gone, Brian and Lee came up to talk to us.
     “Hey, so Jack and Cindy left.” Brian began. Alex nodded.
     “Yeah, they said goodbye.” 
     “Well, I think we’re gonna go too.” Alex frowned.
     “Why?” He inquired. 
     “Well, it’s nothing personal, but there are vampires here, and we have Timmy.” I shook my head.
     “Oh no, Jenn and Scott wouldn’t hurt anyone here.” I swore. They nodded.
     “I’m sure they wouldn’t, but I have my family to take care of.” Brian said as he stared at Alex. Alex nodded a little.
     “Right, uh, where uh, where are you guys gonna go?”
     “We’re gonna head down to California, we’re gonna visit Brian’s family and maybe take Timmy to Disneyland.” Lee sounded excited. Alex and I both smiled. 
     “Alright, just uh, just take care of yourselves and have a good time.” Alex encouraged. They nodded and gave us both hugs.
     “We’ll see you hopefully at the end of the month.” Brian reassured. Alex nodded.
     “Right, I’ll see you guys.” They smiled and went to talk to Vie.
They told Violet that they were gonna go, she seemed freaked out that everyone was leaving but she didn’t care enough to go with them. Lee and Brian said goodbye to everyone, they got Timmy and headed out to their car. 
     When they were gone, that’s when Alex and I went to speak with Violet. We approached her and she half smiled at Alex.
     “Hey, I’m sorry about Dad.” Vie mumbled. Alex shook his head. 
     “You shouldn’t have to apologize for him.” 
     “I know that, but I also know that he didn’t mean to act the way he did.” Alex shook his head. 
     “I’ll believe it when I see it.” We were silent for a moment and then I looked at Violet, curiosity flooding my expression. 
     “What exactly happened to Karren?” Vie looked at me and shook her head.
     “It happened in a raid, my mom and dad got separated and the vampires bit her five times.”
     “How many mature vampires were there?” Alex asked.
     “There were three.” Alex frowned.
     “So she’s dead?” Violet shook her head.
     “No, she should have died but she didn’t. The vampires bit her and instead of killing her, it took away her power and put her into a permanent coma.” Alex shook his head. 
     “That’s not possible.” He whispered.
     “Yes it is.” Lapis said as he entered into the kitchen.
     “Alex, hold on.” I said as I held out a finger. I looked at Lapis showing him that my attention was on him. “We don’t know how it happens and it is very rare, but sometimes this will happen to shifters, they lose their gift and go into a coma rather than dying. It’s only happened seventy-six other times that we have recorded.” 
     “Is there any possible way Karren can come out of this coma?” I asked Lapis while looking at Violet.
     “No, the doctors said that it’s permanent.” Vie replied. 
     “She’s right, there’s no humanly possible way for her to come out of that coma.” Lapis sounded sad about this. I frowned and looked at Alex. He stared at me expectantly but I shook my head. He then frowned and looked back at Vie.
     “Violet, if Mom’s in a coma, where is she right now?” Alex wondered. 
     “She’s in a hospital in Seattle.”
     “How can you guys aford to keep her there, you don’t have any money.” Alex sounded confused. She held her hands out in front of herself defensively and shook her head.
     “You’re going to think it’s crazy.” Alex chuckled.
     “Try me, how are you paying for her Vie?”
     “Ok, get this, a week after Mom went into a coma, this woman came up to me and told me that she was going to pay for Mom to stay at a hospital.” 
     “Why did she do that?” I wondered. Violet shook her head.
     “I don’t know, she was a vampire so I was really bewildered. I couldn’t understand why she would want to take care of a complete stranger.”
     “Well did she give you her name?” Alex asked. She nodded.
     “Yes, you see, she approached me and said that she was going to take care of Mom and all of her bills and when I asked her why she said she was invested in me and Mom. I was kind of freaked out so I asked her her name.”
     “What was her name?” Jenn asked from the opposite side of the room. I hadn’t seen Jenn or Scott in here earlier so I assumed they just showed up. Violet looked over at her.
     “She said her name was Nichole.”





Chapter 18 

     My mouth was hanging open a little bit and Jenn and Scott were now by our sides. 
     “Nichole, are you sure?” Jenn questioned. Violet nodded. 
     “Yes, she just wanted to help.” Vie looked at everyone’s faces and she frowned. “You know her, don’t you?” Alex nodded. 
     “Selena, Scott and I don’t know her personally, but Jenn knows her.” Violet smiled. 
     “She’s sweet, isn’t she?” Jenn nodded a little and then she regained her focus. 
     “When uh, when did this happen?” She asked.
     “Three years ago.” Violet responded. Jenn frowned and looked at Alex. 
     “Selena hadn’t been adopted then.”
     “Why does that matter?” Violet wondered. Jenn looked at her.
     “Well, let’s just say that Nichole doesn’t really like Selena and she wants her dead.” I had told Jenn all about the dream I’d had where Nichole was talking to Dedrick so she knew probably more than I did. “Nichole knows who Alex is through Selena. Selena didn’t know Alex three years ago so nether would have Nichole.” Jenn looked back at Alex. “If she didn’t know you why the hell does she care about your family?” Alex frowned.
     “Wow, you make me feel like such an important part of this group.” Alex said sarcastically. Jenn nodded.
     “You are now. What could she want with your family?” She said under her breath. I looked over at Lapis and he shook his head and took a step back.
     “Oh no, don’t you dare drag me into this.” I frowned. 
     “But you’re Mister Smarts, you know everything.” I whispered. Lapis shook his head. 
     “The person I was asigned to watch was you, I didn’t even know Alex existed until you met him and even after you met him, I wasn’t looking into his family’s life.” I sighed and looked at Jenn.
     “Jenn, there’s no way Nichole could have known about my meeting Alex before I met him.”
     “Maybe she was just being nice.” Violet suggested. Alex shook his head. 
     “No, she said she had and investment in you and Mom.” 
     “Why only Violet and Karren?” Scott asked. Everyone was looking at Jenn like she knew all the answers to our questions.
     “I don’t think she even knew about Alex.” Vie muttered. “I mean, she didn’t say she had an investment in him.”
     “She didn’t say that about Mike either though.” I reminded her. Vie sighed and tapped her foot a few times. Finally, a few minutes later, Jenn shook her head and looked at me. 
     “I’ll be back in a few days.” She said and then she was gone. We all looked to Scotty.
     “Where’s she going?” Violet wondered aloud. Scott shrugged.
     “It’s Jenn, no one knows. I’m gonna go with her though, ok.” I nodded and then Scotty was gone.
     When it was just Lapis, Alex, Violet and I in the room, Alex looked at Vie.
     “Are you gonna leave too?” He sounded sad at that thought. “Everyone else took off, if you have anywhere you need or want to be then…”
     “I need and want to be here.” She interrupted. “You’ve been gone for four years Alex, I’m not gonna just leave you.” She promised. Alex smiled and gave her a hug.
     We all talked until about eleven and then we decided it was time to get to bed. Violet was staying in the other house with Britney, Randy, John and Sammy. Everyone else had wandered off and gone to sleep so Vie, Alex and I were the last ones up, us and Lapis. Seeing Alex with his sister made me happy, he was, different in a way. They were friends and I was glad that he could see her.
     Once Vie was at the house, Alex and I went upstairs to our room to find Lapis sleeping in the middle of the bed. Alex picked him up and put him on the floor but once Alex and I got settled in bed, he came back up. Alex and I talked until about twelve and that’s when Alex couldn’t take it any longer; he fell asleep and I laid there and had a whisper conversation with Lapis. After he fell asleep, I had no excuses to stay up any longer. 
     This was the first night it began, as I laid in bed trying to fall asleep, I kept hearing every single noise there was to hear. I couldn’t fall asleep, as tired as I was. The day had been so long and I just wanted to sleep but I laid there, tossing and turning until about four in the morning, that’s when I finally fell asleep. My sleep was short lived because Alex woke me up at seven. Like I said, that was the night it began, that was the first night of my insomnia.
     When Alex woke me in the morning, he’d just gotten out of the shower and was getting dressed. I stared at his beautiful bare chest and I moved my hand to my stomach. I reluctantly looked away from him and smiled, my stomach was bigger than I was used to having it. I moved my hand around, admiring the growing bump. Alex looked back at me and smiled. 
     “How are you doing this morning, beautiful?” I smiled and nodded.
     “I’m great, here, feel this.” I took Alex’s hand and placed it on my stomach. He smiled and began to feel the baby. 
     “He’s getting big.” Alex said. I nodded and stared at my stomach.
     “He is, I can’t wait until he starts moving around.” I was sure that he had moved around at some point but I hadn’t felt it. Carly said since this was my first baby I might not feel it for a while. Alex smiled and kissed my stomach. We admired our baby for a few minutes and then Alex stood up.
     “Are you hungry, can I make you some breakfast?” He wondered. I nodded.
     “Yeah, that’d be great, thank you.” He smiled and kissed my head. He then stood up and helped me up and then we went downstairs. As Alex went into the kitchen to make breakfast, I sat on the couch by Carly, she was reading. 
     “Good morning.” She said, her eyes still glued to her book. 
     “Morning, where’s Dan?” I asked.
     “He and Viloet went into town to talk to Mike.” I nodded and then I began to tell Carly about the whole Nichole financially supporting Alex’s family thing. After about ten minutes of talking, the front door opened and closed and then Jenn and Scott walked into the living room. A moment later, they were on the couch in front of us.
     “Hey, where’d you take off to last night?” I questioned Jenn. 
     “I made a few calls.”
     “To whom?” Carly asked as she set her book by her side.
     “I actually called Dean.” Jenn replied quietly. 
     “Why?” I mumbled. Scott looked at me.
     “She’s trying to figure out Nichole’s connections with Alex’s family.” Jenn scowled at Scotty and then she looked back at me.
     “You know this is going to kill me until I figure it out Selena. I need to know why she cares about his family. Normally, I’d say it’s a coincidence, but it’s Alex. He’s your husband and you’re important so it’s not random.”
     “Yeah, sure, I get your point, but, why did you call Dean?”
     “I asked him some questions and asked him to look into some stuff for me. He said he’d look into it right away but he didn’t think he’d find anything. No one knows very much about Nichole so it’s not an easy task trying to find ties between her and people.” I nodded and Alex walked into the room. He smiled at Scott and Jenn and he brought me a plate with some food on it.
     “Hey guys, where’d you go last night?”
     As I ate, Jenn and Scott explained to Alex what they told me and by the time I was done with breakfast, Dan and Violet returned home. Violet walked inside the house and she approached me and Alex. She was quiet for a long minute and then she sighed and began to talk.
     “Alex, Dan and I, we went out to town and talked to Dad.” Alex nodded.
     “Ok.”
     “Well uh, he’s kind of here.” Alex frowned and looked at the door. 
     “He’s outside?” Vie nodded.
     “I’m sorry Alex, but you should really talk to him.”
     “Is he sober this time?” Alex asked sarcastically. Violet nodded.
     “Yes, he’s better today, please Alex, come talk to him.” She begged. Alex frowned, looked at me and then back at Violet. He sighed and stood up.
     “Alright.” He grumbled. I stood up as well and the three of us went outside.
     When outside, I saw Mike and Dan satnding by Danny’s car. We slowly approached them and Mike looked at Alex and frowned.
     “I uh, I didn’t mean to act… I wasn’t thinking… what I’m trying to say is, I’m sorry for last night.” He finally spat out. Alex shook his head.
     “Mike, I don’t want to fight with you this whole time you’re here so do me a favor and stop lying to me. Don’t tell me you’re sorry unless you really are.” Mike glared at Alex and then he took in a deep breath and let it out.
     “I’m sorry, that’s what I just said isn’t it?” Alex stared back at him and did the hardest thing there is to do, he forgave Mike. Alex didn’t like it and I was sure deep down he didn’t mean it, however, Alex really didn’t want to fight so if forgiving, or fake forgiving, got them to get along, then it was worth it… right?
     We spent the remainder of the day talking, the pack seemed cool about having Mike around. I didn’t think everyone fully understood Alex’s situation with his dad, Mike put on the ‘good person’ act and fooled just about everyone. The only ones who saw passed his mask were Alex, Violet, Jenn, John and I. Now, I wasn’t upset with anyone else for falling for Mike’s act, if I wasn’t Alex’s wife and I didn’t know the situations of his past, I would have fallen for it too. I watched Mike carefully, wondering what was going on in his mind because he’d be fine but when he looked at Alex, something wasn’t right, it was like you could see exactly who he was and it wasn’t good.
     On October eighteenth, the month was a little more than halfway over. Everyone was still alive so it was going ok in my book. Amber and Michael hadn’t returned and we hadn’t heard from them so we gave up on what little hope of them coming back we had. Alex was overjoyed to have his sister back, he loved her so much and they missed each other. As for Alex’s mom, Jenn, Scott, Alex and I all looked into ways to try and help her despite what Lapis had told me. We were unsuccessful at both that and the Nichole thing. Dean had contacted Jenn and they found no ties whatsoever between Alex’s family and Nichole so we were stuck there too.
     Alex and Mike, well, things with them weren’t getting better but they weren’t getting worse. It seemed like every time they kind of started to get along, just a little, one of them would say something and then they’d go back to hating each other. In a way, Mike seemed bitter, I didn’t know at what though. He seemed mad at Alex for some reason, though I couldn’t quite place my finger on why.
     Carly was doing great in her pregnancy, there were no problems so far and she and Dan had settled on a name. They planned to name their baby Andrew, his full name would be Andrew Marcus Coyot. I thought it was a nice name and Carly and Dan loved it so it was great. They loved sitting there and feeling the baby move and whatnot. I felt bad for Carly when it came time to give birth because Andrew was huge. 
     Alex and I were equaly excited for our little guy! Everyone thought it was a bad idea to call the baby ‘him’ because we didn’t know for a fact that it was a boy, but I just had this feeling. I kind of knew it was a boy and Alex went along with my suspicions. He talked a lot about having a boy and the things they would and could do. Jenn encouraged us to think of it as being a girl, just in case, so we did as she pleased.
     John had been acting strange this month, well, stranger than usual. He had been spending a lot less time with Sammy and a lot more time with Violet. He seemed like he was trying too hard to make people laugh and he was boastful. He took every available opportunity to tell Violet the cool things he could do. Deep down, I knew exactly why he was ating the way he was but my mind didn’t seem to want to process that idea.
     My insomnia continued and I hated it. On average, I got about two or three hours of sleep a night, I was exhausted nearly every day. I didn’t know what the cause of my insomnia was, but it really sucked. I had tried nearly everything, I tried taking Tylenol PM to fall asleep, that didn’t work. I tried drinking teas, that didn’t work. I even tried listening to stupid relaxation noises and of course, that didn’t work. I was tired and that tiredness added to my grumpy pregnant attitude.
     On October twenty-fifth, three days before the raid, the day started off as normally as it usually did. Everyone was either talking or carving pumpkins. It was five days until Halloween and everyone was excited. This would be my first Halloween with my family, I didn’t care much for the holiday itself, but I had always loved looking at all the different costumes. 
     The day was normal until about three in the afternoon, that’s when things got weird. Jenn and I were sitting inside watching TV when we heard yelling coming from outside. We both looked back toward the front door and then we heard it open and slam and then Alex came storming into the house. He went straight to the stairs and ran up to our room, I heard our room door slam and then I took in a deep breath and let it out. I stood up and began to walk to the stairs. My back was aching like crazy and with my lack of sleep, I was a little cranky so I hoped for Alex’s sake he wasn’t going to be stubborn. I went up the stairs and to my room and I opened the door and went inside, closing the door behind myself. Alex was sitting on the edge of the bed kicking off his shoes. He looked at me for half a second and then he looked back down at his feet. 
     “Hi.” He muttered. I half smiled, amused at his attitude and I walked up to him.
     “What’s all the fuss about?” I asked. He shook his head, sighed and laid back onto the bed.
     “It’s Mike, again.” I looked over at the chair that we had duct taped back together and then I looked back at Alex.
     “Don’t hurt the chair.” I teased. He laughed and I sat down on the bed by him. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me down to lay by him. I rested my head on his chest and looked up at his face. “What happened this time?” I questioned.
     “We were sitting there carving pumpkins and Mike just up and brings up my mom and how things might have been different if I would have been there.” I frowned and shook my head.
     “I don’t think anything would have been different, I just think that Mike doesn’t want to live up to his mistakes.” Alex smiled and looked at me.
     “Really, is that your Doctor Phil, professional answer?” I smiled and shook my head.
     “No, that was more of a personal opinion, if I was to give my professional opinion, it would focus more on Mike’s metal disorder possibilities and how you neurotically react to them.” Alex laughed and shook his head.
     “I am not neurotic.” He said as he chuckled. I smiled and shook my head.
     “No, you’re right, I get to be the neurotic one, at least while I’m pregnant.” Alex smiled and looked down at my stomach. We stared at my stomach for a few minutes and then Alex looked back at my face. 
     “I know this sounds weird, but I really wish that I could feel the pain you’re in that way I could know how to help you.” When we were pregnant, the men didn’t feel any of the pain we were going through, it was the same when we were on our periods. Alex couldn’t feel the backache I had and Dan couldn’t feel the aches Carly was having. I laughed at Alex’s comment and shook my head.
     “I don’t think you feeling my pain would be a great idea.” Alex frowned. 
     “Well you have to feel it so why shouldn’t I?”
     “Well, it’s pregnancy pains hun, a lot of it has to do with the female body. I’m ninety-three percent sure that males and females have different parts.” Alex nodded.
     “Yeah, but you have a back and I have a back and you said your back hurts so why doesn’t mine?” He sounded highly confused. I sighed and shrugged.
     “I don’t know, maybe the uh shape shifter gods knew that if men could feel the pain women go through in pregnancy they wouldn’t procreate.” Alex sat there for a minute, thinking that was a genius suggestion.
     We talked for a while longer before we joined back up with the others. Everyone was done carving their pumkins, all but Mike. He had disappeared after his fight with Alex and no one knew where he went. All of the cars were still here but he was just gone.
     We ate dinner around six, Carly had been craving Chinese food so everyone tried to make something different for her. As for me, all I was craving were stupid fried peanut butter and banana sandwiches. That’s all I really wanted though I didn’t know why, I’m pretty sure everyone thought I was mental.
     Violet and I had been getting along very well, I saw a lot of Alex in her and along with that, her personality was like Jenn’s, just as Alex had said. We got along great and I really liked her. More than me though, Britney liked her, she and Vie got along great! Britney and I hadn’t hung out too much lately, though we still talked we weren’t as we had been a few months ago. I was fine with this and so was she, Violet was to Britny as Jenn was to me so we were all happy.
     After dinner, we needed some stuff from the store so Alex and Violet took off to town. I was glad that they could spend some time together, even if it was just shopping. 
     We were all watching TV when John called me, needing to talk.
     “Selena.” He called from the other side of the room. I looked back at him.
     “What?” I asked sounding more rude than I ment to be. 
     “I need to talk to you, come here.” He motioned for me to come to him. I sighed, got up and walked to him. He grabbed my arm and took me to the front door. “Can we talk outside, please?” He looked both serious and sincere so I agreed. He smiled and we went outside. 
     The front of the house was lit with everyone’s jack o’ lanterns, I smiled at them and then John and I began to walk. The sun was just setting so it would get dark in a little bit, I assumed we wouldn’t walk far. I looked over at John and shrugged. 
     “Ok, we’re outside, what’s up?” I inquired.
     “I have a problem.” He said, sounding conflicted.
     “What’s your problem?”
     “Alex doesn’t like me.” I laughed.
     “So, you’ve always known that and it hasn’t bothered you before.” John frowned.
     “Yeah, but it does now, I really need him to like me Selena.” I shook my head.
     “Why?” I questioned. John sighed.
     “You wouldn’t understand.” I laughed and shook my head.
     “Dude, you called me out here in the freezing cold to tell me that you want Alex to like you? Well, if you’re developing a little crush on my husband, I’m going to be the first one to tell you that it’s not gonna work.” John laughed.
     “Shut up.” He said as he gave me a small push. I smiled and looked at him.
     “Really John, what’s up?” I asked. He shook his head, looking straight in front of himself.
     “I want Alex to like me because of Violet.” He murmured. I froze and it finally clicked in my head. 
     “Oh… oh! You, you like Violet.” He frowned and began to walk again. A moment later when I was able to move again, I ran a little to catch up with John. “Wait, wait, wait!” I hollered. I approached his side and he looked at me. “John, this is great!” I exclaimed. At least I thought it was great. John laughed and looked at me like I was an idiot.
     “No Selena, no it’s not! Alex hates me so why the hell would he let me like Violet?”
     “Do you need his permission to like her?” I taunted. He frowned.
     “No, but you’re like my sister and he’s your husband. If he hates me and I like Violet then he’ll have a jackass dad and a jackass brother-in-law.” I laughed.
     “Jackass brother-in-law, John, Violet has to like you too before you can fill that role, the brother-in-law role anyway.” He laughed and stared at me sarcastically.
     “Please, with my extremely good looks and increadable charm, she’s gonna be so hooked.” I shook my head.
     “Tsk, tsk, tsk, John, if she can be hooked on your ‘charm’ how come she isn’t now?” John scowled at me. 
     “Clearly because I haven’t turned on the charm button.”
     “I was unaware you had one.” I teased. He smirked and we continued to walk. “So, why Violet? Out of all the girls you could fall in love with, why on earth her?” John shook his head and shrugged.
     “Do you think I planned to like her? Because I totally wasn’t sitting around waiting for Alex’s sister to come along.” I laughed, it was a little ironic. 
     “What makes you like her?” I wondered aloud.
     “I wasn’t sure if I did but I talked to her.” I shrugged.
     “You talk to me, what difference does it make?” He shook his head. 
     “No, no, no, like, I talked to her about my life and my past. I’ve never done that Selena, she’s the first person I told.” I half smiled. 
     “And how do you feel about that?” I asked curiously. John shook his head. 
     “I feel different, it’s weird.” I smiled. 
     “John, do you know what that feeling is?”
     “No.” 
     “It’s trust, you’re changing John, Alex sees that and he doesn’t hate you he just…”
     “Would be the one driving the car that ran me over.” He joked. I laughed.
     “I guess it depends on the day.” John smiled and kept walking. We were following one of the roads and there was a large rock off to the side a little. We went to the rock and sat down. John looked at me and began to talk again.
     “Did you know I was kidnapped when I was three?” He began. “My uncle kidnapped me and we took off to New Jersey, I don’t know where I lived before that. My uncle raised me until I was twelve years old. I didn’t ever suspect he wasn’t my father until I saw one of those missing person adds in the paper. The picture in it was from when I was a baby and I was like, ‘whoa, that’s me.’ I wasn’t really thinking so I took the paper to my uncle without writing down any of the information on it and when my uncle saw it, he told me it was nothing and he burned the paper. I became warry after that and that’s when he became… over protective. He wouldn’t let me go over to friend’s houses and he took away my cell phone. He did a bunch of stuff that was abnormal for him. I kind of suspected at this point that I had been kidnapped but I didn’t let my uncle know that. I wasn’t allowed to use the internet, but I really needed it so one day when he was at work, I ditched school and I went home. I got onto the computer and I went to a missing persons site and I entered my name and there was no one with my name that matched me so I thought maybe I was just paranoid. Anyway, I pressed on further and I looked at the information on my birth certificate and I called the hospital the certificate said I was born at and I asked them if there was a Johnathan Vasquez born on my birth date and there wasn’t so then I Google the newspaper from a few days ago when I saw that missing persons add and I found the add and I wrote everything down this time. I then went back to the missing persons site and Googled my name from the paper and it came up with a bunch of information. That’s when I knew that I had been kidnapped.”
     “Did you go to the police?” I hoped. He shook his head.
     “No, my uncle worked on the police force so I just packed up my stuff, took some money and I ran away. I’ve always been pretty independent so I began to make my way to my real parents. They lived in New York so it wasn’t too far away. I finally got there a few days later and I found my mom and dad dead. I didn’t know at the time but they were shifters and vampires had drained them.”
     “After I found my parents, I called the cops but I ran because I didn’t want them to tell my uncle I was here. I fled to New York City.”
     “And you were twelve?” I asked, shocked. 
     “Yeah but I turned thirteen shortly after I got to New York City.”
     “What did you do?” He shook his head.
     “Nothing I should have. I found these kids, there were five of them, they were all in their sixteens and seventeens but I fit right in. I’ve always looked way older than I am so they never suspected I was so young. So I stayed with them and they led me down a path that I knew was wrong. I didn’t have anything to lose though so I went down it anyway. The kids, they were thieves, they had stolen everything they owned and they were good at what they did. They taught me how to do what they did and I became one of them. I started off small stealing food and then I worked my way up to small vanity items and then I went to bigger stuff like clothes. Well anyway, one day my friends decided that stealing stuff like clothes and food wasn’t good enough, they wanted money. So all six of us hotwired a car and we took it to a drugstore. Now, they didn’t think I’d be able to do this because they had guns and stuff.” I shook my head.
     “Wait, how the hell did they get guns?” John paused for a moment and looked down, he shook his head and then he looked back up at me.
     “Don’t ask.” He insisted. I nodded a little and then he began again. “Anyway, they didn’t think I could shoot anybody so they had me drive the car.”
     “How old were you?” I asked.
     “I was fifteen.” I frowned.
     “You were so young.” He nodded.
     “Yeah and I never should have done it. My friends went into the store and they came back five minues later with a bag full of cash. We were so proud of ourselves and we thought for sure that we had done it, but, we celebrated too early. The police found us and were chasing us. Well, two of the kids took their chances and they jumped out of the car and ran for it.” 
     “What happened to them?” 
     “The girl got caught because she broke her ankle and the boy left her and got away.”
     “What about you and the others?”
     “Well we drove for a while longer before we thought we lost them. That’s when we pulled over, wanting to make a run for it. My friends took the money and got out of the car but my seatbelt got stuck and I couldn’t get out of the car.” 
     “Did you get caught?” I hoped that he didn’t but I knew that he did. He nodded.
     “Yeah, the cops found the car and they took me and the girl to jail. Since I was kidnapped, my past was sketchy so they found my real parents and found out that they were dead and then they just threw me into a juvenile detention facility. Since I hadn’t been the one carrying the gun, my sentence was less than that of the girl who had been caught.”
     “How long were you in jail for?” I questioned.
     “Until I turned seventeen, a few months after my seventeenth birthday, I got the shifter power. I was able to break out of there and then I ran like hell to Mississippi. That’s where I found the pack, everyone but Alex was there and he came a little while after me. If they wouldn’t have taken me in when they did, well, I wouldn’t have made it. I would have been killed or something.”
     “For a lot of years,” John said, “I blamed everybody else for what happened but I came to realize that I’m the one who screwed up, I’m the reason I was in that jail for two years.” 
     “Was it horrible?” He nodded a little. 
     “You feel like you’re in a cage, trapped, there’s really no way out, I didn’t like that.” John and I sat there for a few minutes before he shook his head and stood up.
     “Well, if you’re as cold as I am then you’re pretty cold. Come on, let’s get you back to the house.” I smiled and stood up. John took a step forward and I heard a thud and then John screamed in pain. He fell to the ground and then it was silent. 
     “John, John!” I screamed. I took a step toward him and then I heard another thud and then I felt a sharp object pierce my right shoulder. I fell back and felt a scream escape my mouth as well. As I laid on the ground, I looked at my shoulder and I saw an arrow in it and I was bleeding out. I took in a deep breath as I looked at the arrow sticking out of my shoulder. The only thing running through my mind at the moment was the baby. I prayed that the arrow hadn’t somehow hurt him. The pain in my shoulder was intense and tears were streaming out of my eyes uncontrollably. I reached over to pull the arrow out but I stopped when I saw the figure that had shot both me and John. I paniked when I realized it to be Mike approach me. He looked from me to John and then back to me.
     “Damn, I hit him right where I was aiming for, the heart. You however, well I was aiming for your head so Lord knows how I hit your shoulder.” I took a deep breath in in fear.
     “Why?” I croaked. 
     “Why? Because I want Alex dead.” I tried to shift but was unable to. Mike half smiled at me and shook his head. “The tips of these arrows are silver hunny, you can’t shift.” I now felt complete terror because I knew that Mike wouldn’t hesitate to kill me. I stared at Mike in disbelief and I shook my head. 
     “Why are you trying to kill Alex?” I asked quietly. He took a step closer to me and stared at me.
     “Because Alex is the reason my wife is dead.” I shook my head and groaned.
     “No, the reason Karren is dead is because you’re a drunken batard who never has been and never will be able to take care of his family.” I insulted him. Mike glared at me and put his foot on the end of the arrow, he pressed down on it digging it deeper into my shoulder. I screamed in pain and tried to kick him, it was no use though, he was by my side so I couldn’t reach him.
     “You know, everyone thinks I’m crazy for blaming Alex.”
     “That’s because you are freaking crazy!” I yelled. He chuckled and sighed.
     “Karren went to the vampires because she wanted to die. She lost her firstborn son and her daughter-in-law and then she lost her second son, she was ready to die. I loved her and she just threw herself away! If Alex would have stayed she wouldn’t have gone and gotten herself killed.”
     “And if you loved her you never would have let her go.” I contradicted. 
     “Do you think I knew she wanted to die?” Mike yelled. “I didn’t know she’d kill herself!” 
     “If you didn’t know she wanted to die how do you know that she wanted to? You just said she wanted to die because of Alex but you also said you didn’t know she wanted to die… which was is it Mike, you’re lying about one of them.”
     “Of course it was Alex’s fault!” I smiled.
     “Then why didn’t you save her?” I interrogated weakly. “If it was Alex’s fault and you know she wanted to die because of him, why weren’t you there for her?”
     “I didn’t know she was going to kill herself!” He yelled as he pressed down harder on the arrow. This guys was truly insane, he was contradicting himself unintentionally; he was a liar and I was going to continue on until I was dead. 
     “Well Mike, if it was Alex’s fault, how come he left, do you know? Of course you don’t! You say Karren would be alive if Alex wouldn’t have left, well maybe Alex wouldn’t have left if you were a better father.” That was it, that was the money bite. Mike took his foot off of the arrow and he put the handle of his compact bow on my throat and he pressed it down with both of his hands so that he was choking me. I threw my good hand up to the bow and I pushed against him with all of the strength I had in my left arm. Still, with all my effort, Mike was choaking me. 
     “Please… don’t… do this.” I choaked. “I’m… pregnant.” I begged. Mike smiled. 
     “Well, this is me being the heartless father I am. Goodbye Selena.” He said as he pressed the bow down harder. As he pressed down with more force, I was unable to take any more breaths in and I was dying. As I began to close my eyes, I felt the pressure stop and I instinctively took in a deep breath of air. As the oxygen filled my lungs, I opened my eyes and looked around for Mike. I looked a few yards in front of myself and I saw Mike and another figure. The unknown figure had his hand by Mike’s back and Mike was completely still with a shocked look on his face. The figure pulled his hand back and then Mike fell to the ground, dead. In the figures hand was a beating object, a heart and it was dripping with blood. Mike’s heart laid in the figure’s hand and he crushed it and dropped it onto the ground. I stared at the mysterious figure with terror in my eyes.
     “Scotty?” I whispered hopefully. The figure took a few steps closer to me and then I could see him clearly in the dim light of the moon. I felt my mouth fall open a little as I stared at him. “Jesse?” I asked.

Chapter 19

     “I’m hallucinating, right?” I asked as I stared at Jesse; he looked so real and Mike was really dead. Despite everything telling me it was really Jesse, I still refused to believe it, I wanted to think this was just a horrible dream.
     “What?” He asked, looking disconcerted.
     “You’re really here?” I asked with a scratchy voice, I was unable to really talk because of what Mike had done to my thoat. He nodded a little.
     “Yes.” I stared at him and shook my head. 
     “What?” I asked, his freaked out look was throwing me off.
     “You have an arrow in you, we need to fix it.” I looked from him to my shoulder and then I tuned back into reality.
     “Oh my gosh!” He nodded.
     “Yeah, here.” He knelt down by me wearing a face that said, “This is gonna hurt.” He grabbed the arrow and pulled it out of me. I gasped and then I shifted. When I felt the pain go away, I shifted back to human form, I was terrified for the baby. I put my hand on my stomach. “Please be ok, please be ok.” I prayed. I remembered John so I ran over to him. 
     “John, John!” I yelled as I knelt down by his side. I rolled him over and he peeked his eyes open at me.
     “Stop yelling and get this damn arrow out of me.” He ordered. I smiled, glad he was safe and I pulled the arrow from his chest. The arrow looked like it just barely missed his heart. The second the arrow was out of John’s chest he shifted and then I looked back at Jesse. He stared at me with a horrified, blank expression.
     “How could you?” He asked. I stared at him, not understanding what he meant.
     “What?” 
     “The heartbeat, it’s there, it’s a baby… it’s in you.” I felt a huge smile form on my face and I looked at Jesse.
     “You can hear him, he’s ok?” Jesse’s face remained the same.
     “You’re pregnant… how could you?”
     “Well it was probably pretty easy, it’s a little thing called a honeymoon.” John said as he shifted back into human form. Jesse looked from him to me with an angry glare in his eye. 
     “What, you’re married now?” I looked at Jesse and felt all of my cooped up anger come forth.
     “How could I? How could I!” I yelled. “You disappeared the second you heard Nichole was still alive. Jenn has been worried sick, she and Scott have been to Hell’s Gate and back trying to find out if you were even alive. You never called her, you never called me!” I screamed. “You do not have the right to haul your ass back here and ask me ‘how could I.’ ”
     “Oh, oh, so now you’re the victem? I was gone for six months and I come back and you’re married and pregnant? No, no, you know what, screw six months, I haven’t even been gone that long!” I laughed.
     “What did you expect? You left, you chose her. So please Jesse, don’t feed me any of your, ‘how could you’ crap! Did you honestly think I was going to wait for a boy who was in love with a different woman?” Jesse laughed and shook his head.
     “Oh, you think I went after her because I love her? Maybe you’re right, that or maybe you’re just ignorant!” We stood there awkwardly for a few moments before John said something.
     “That’s it, that was your epic throw down?” John sounded disappointed. Jesse looked from me and glared at John.
     “Clearly, you haven’t changed much. If you weren’t satisfied with our yelling, I’ll gladly rip your head off in exchange for hers and we’ll call it even.” 
     “Jesse, just shut up.” I said irritably as I walked over to John. “What do we do with his body?” I wondered as I looked at Mike.
     “Leave him.” Jesse suggested. I looked over and glared at him.
     “I can’t just do that.”
     “Why not?”
     “I’m pretty sure Alex wouldn’t like that.” I insisted. 
     “And why not?”
     “It’s his dad genius.” John said almost as annoyed as me. Jesse frowned, understanding now. After a second of silence, Jesse sighed.
     “Well I suppose I can bring Daddy here with us.” 
     “With us, where do you suppose you’re going?” I retorted. He shrugged.
     “With you, I thought I made that quite clear.” I shook my head.
     “Nuh uh, you are not going anywhere with us.” I said surely.
     “And how are you going to stop me?” He taunted. I shifted and jumped on top of him, pinning him to the ground. “Oh, even when you’re married you can’t stay off of me.” I growled at him and opened my mouth and rested me teeth on his shoulder, threatening to bite him. He looked from me to his shoulder and then back to me. “You’d really bite me?” He sounded shocked. “Even after I just saved your life?” He had just saved me and my baby and Alex’s life so I did owe him this. I growled at him and went and stood by John. I looked at him, he nodded and shifted. Jesse stood up, brushed off and looked at me. 
     “Now, I’m going to try this again, I’m going to bring this guy,” he motioned behind himself at Mike, “with us.” He said ‘us’ louder than he had to just to emphasize that he was coming with. I growled at him and I began to run back to the house.
     It took Jesse, John and I less than three minutes to get to the house. When we were there, Jesse threw Mike on the ground and I shifted and went into the house. 
     “Alex!” I yelled. I went inside but there was no one there. “Hello?” I hollered. Jenn peeked at me from the top of the stairs. The moment she saw it was me, she was in front of me with her arms embracing me.
     “Where have you been?” She sounded scared. Alex and Violet got home and were bringing groceries in when Alex’s shoulder began to hurt like crazy. After that he began to choke. It took him a few minutes to get better and then everyone went out looking for you and John.” 
     “It was Mike Jenn.” She frowned.
     “Is he…” I nodded, stopping her from finishing that thought.
     “Jenn, there’s something you need to know.” The moment those words escaped my mouth, Jesse walked carefully through the front door. Jenn instantly looked at him and then she let me go. Jesse looked terrified as she glared at him. We were all silent as Jenn took a few steps to Jesse, she seemed pretty calm until she was in arms reach of him. When she was close enough, she reached out her hand and she punched him in the mouth sending him flying out the front door, back outside. She went out with him and I felt a huge smile form on my face. I happily went outside to watch. When outside, I stood by John and we watched Jenn beat Jesse. 
     “Of all the stuborn jackasses that could stumble back into my life!” She yelled as she kicked him. Jesse laid on the ground in fetal position and John and I smiled, very, very entertained. Jenn grabbed Jesse’s shirt and she lifted him completely off the ground. She then threw him back at the house and he slammed into the wall. Jesse grunted in pain and Jenn walked up to him.
     “Do you know the hell you put me through Jesse Clark!” She screamed. “You didn’t call, you didn’t write, I couldn’t find you and you didn’t even stay to help me find Scott!” 
     “Well that’s because you’re so good at finding people, I knew you didn’t need my help.” Jenn punched him again and he fell to the ground and returned to fetal position.
     “Where were you Jesse? You were so lost that not even the fox and his damn people could find you.”
     “I’m really good, I’m sorry!” Jesse’s sarcastic attitude was not going to calm Jenn down, I didn’t even think he knew about Lapis.
     “Sorry doesn’t fix it Jesse so why don’t you tell me, where were you?” She asked slowly and threateningly.
     “Fine, fine, I’ll tell you!” Jenn glared at him and held out her hand. Jesse took it and she pulled him up. “Well, now that I’m in extreme pain, I feel I should tell you everything you want to know.” Jenn nodded, frowned and wrapped her arms around Jesse.
     “Where were you, I’ve been so scared for months now. Why did you leave me?” She asked as her eyes turned silver and she began to cry. He frowned and hugged her tight. 
     “I’m sorry, I…” The minute he opened his mouth, Dan, Carly and Scott showed up. Carly and Dan shifted and then Carly ran up to me. She looked freaked out and it appeared as if she had been crying. She hugged me and kissed my cheek.
     “Sweetie, are you ok? Alex was hurting and then he got better but we were terrified, what happened?” I looked passed her and saw Danny, he looked from me to Mike’s body and he frowned and looked back at me. 
     “Selena, what happened?” Dan wondered.
     “Mike shot me and John and he was trying to kill me but Jesse, he…” Everyone looked over at Jesse and Scott appeared by Jenn’s side. Jesse observed this swift movement and he understood. Jesse frowned and stared at Scott.
     “Woah, you’re a… I mean you…” He laughed sounding a little nervous. “You’re not mad at me too, are you? Wait, I never did anything to you to make you dislike me, did I? Can I get you a soda or something?” Scott smiled a little and cast a quick glance at Jenn who was also smiling. He then looked back at Jesse and shook his head. 
     “No, don’t be afraid of me, be afraid of Jenn.” Jesse nodded and pointed at his black eye.
     “Yeah, we had a very in-depth talk.” A moment later, Dan shook his head and stared at me. 
     “Kid, this isn’t good, Alex and Violet aren’t going to be happy about Mike.” 
     “Alex will be fine,” John assured, “it’s Violet you need to worry about.” Dan looked from me to Mike’s body and he shook his head. 
     After a few short minutes of silence, the rest of the pack showed up. Alex shifted to human form and ran to me. He wrapped his arms around me, picked me up and laid his lips on mine. He held me tight and then he set me down.
     “Selena, are you ok, I thought you were going to… I thought the baby was going to… the baby, is he ok, are you ok?” I frowned and kissed him again.
     “He’s ok, he’s fine and I’m fine.” He took in a deep breath and let it out and then a single tear fell from his eye. 
     “What happen…” A loud scream came from Violet before Alex could finish that thought. Everyone looked back at her, she was standing by Mike’s body with a terrified expression on her face. 
     “Dad!” She yelled as she knelt down by him. Alex’s face didn’t look sad, but shocked. He looked from Mike to me and then his eyes found Jesse.
     “Jesse…” He mumbled. 
     “Who did this?” Violet asked angrily. Jesse raised his hand.
     “Oo, yeah, that was actually my fault.” Violet glared at him and stood up.
     “Who the hell are you?” 
     “He’s Jesse, he’s my brother.” Jenn pleaded. Violet continued to glare at Jesse. 
     “I don’t care if you’re Jenn’s brother or the president, you cannot just come around here and kill people!” She screamed. 
     “Well I’m sorry this was so inconvenient for you. You see, here I was, on my way coming to see my sister and I see a few people quarreling on the way so I decided to go and watch the action. Well, one of these people was John and he was lying on the ground with an arrow through his heart and then I saw Selena. Your ‘dad’ had shot both Selena and John and was trying to kill Selena and your brother. I jumped into action and I did what had to be done. So I’m sorry if you see me as the bad guy but the fact of it is that I’m the only one here smart enough to kill the people that need to be killed.” Violet laughed.
     “If I’m correct, you left, you don’t get to make decisions like that.”
     “Well, I’ll tell you what, the next time a member of your psychotic family tries to kill someone, I’ll just let them.”
     “Why did you even come back?” Violet yelled.
     “I came back because I felt like ripping the heart out of your dear, sweet daddy.” He taunted. A saw a tear fall from Violet’s eye and then she ran inside the house. John frowned and followed her. It was silent for a moment before Alex looked at Jesse. 
     “Why are you back Jesse?” He looked at Alex and shook his head.
     “Look, I get that you’re mad about your dad but I…”
     “I’m not mad.” Alex said sounding honest. Jesse stared at him and tilted his head a little.
     “You’re not?” He sounded a little disappointed. Alex shook his head.
     “Mike wasn’t my dad, he was barely human the way he acted and if you wouldn’t have killed him, I would have.” Jesse shook his head. 
     “If I wouldn’t have killed him, you’d be dead right now. I guess we’re even now, you spared my life and I saved yours.”
     After another minute, Scott looked at Jesse with a serious face.
     “Alex was serious Jesse, why are you back?” Jesse looked at 
Scott and shook his head. 
     “Do we really have time for this right now?” He asked, trying to avoid the question. Jenn nodded.
     “We’re going to make time.” She looked back at the pack. “Can we have a few minutes please?” Everyone nodded and went inside. Carly looked back to make sure I was ok, I nodded reassuringly
and then she went in the house with everyone. We all looked at Jesse, Jenn did most of the talking, for now.
     “Why are you here Jesse?” She asked. 
     “I’m here because I’m done doing what I was doing.” I blinked and Jenn was in front of Jesse, she slapped him upside the head.
     “Right, and what is it you were doing?” Jesse half smiled. 
     “You of all people should know that Jenn.” She slapped him again, harder this time.
     “Focus Jesse, obviously I wouldn’t be asking you if I already knew. What did you do right after you left us?” Jesse sighed.
     “I was just looking into Nichole’s past.” Jenn laughed and slapped him once again. 
     “Jesse, you didn’t call me, you were covering up your tracks, you were doing more than just looking into her past, so why don’t you stop lying and tell me.” She knew him way too well, he should have known better than to try and trick her.
     “What were you doing?” Scott asked. Jesse looked at him and then he looked at Jenn. 
     “I was looking for leverage.” He replied.
     “Leverage for what?” Jenn wondered.
     “How long have you been out of the real world sister? Nichole has put a bounty on me, she wants me captured alive, I find that hot and sexy in an extremely creepy and vindictive way.” He sounded too flattered.
     “How high of a bounty?” Scott questioned. Jesse stared at him sarcastically. 
     “What are you gonna turn me in?” Scott half smiled and then Jesse looked back at Jenn. “Anyway, Nichole has a bounty on me so I need leverage.”
     “And what would that leverage be?” I asked quietly. Jesse looked at me, making eye contact for the first time. His eyes turned silver as fast as they faded away. When his eyes were brown again, he began to talk. 
     “Brooke’s a shape shifter, Jenn already knew this I’m sure. Well, after Nichole turned, Dedrick went and killed all of her family because he didn’t want her to take off to them, he wanted her to stay with him for a while. Well, he killed everyone in her family except for Brooke.”
     “Why all but her?” Scott asked.
     “Dedrick didn’t mess with her because she was a shifter, he didn’t harm anyone in her family that was a shifter for that matter.”
     “So Brooke’s family is still alive too?” Jenn inquired. Jesse shook his head.
     “No, they all died in a raid, there was only three more shifters, her mom, her dad and her sister. Brooke was disowned by her family because she was a prostitute so she never saw her family after they sent her away.”
     “So it’s just Brooke and Nichole in her family?” 
     “I’m getting there, hold on.” Jesse promised.
     “I assume you guys know how Nichole was turned and who did it.” Jesse hoped. Jenn nodded.
     “We know why Miranda turned her and we know that Nichole stayed with Dedrick after she was turned.” He nodded. 
     “Good, well Nichole stayed with Dedrick until she was a mature vampire, after that she left to find Brooke. She was scared and angry and she wanted some family and Brooke needed her. You see, at this time, Brooke was pregnant, now back then if you got pregnant out of wedlock people weren’t as merciful as they are in this time. She planned to have her baby and then she was going to kill it, however, Nichole didn’t want that. Nichole always wanted kids but was unable to have them as a vampire. So, she offered to take Brooke’s baby and raise it as her own. Nichole stayed with Brooke until she had the baby and then she took it and left. Nichole raised the kid as her own and she loved him. Everything was fine and dandy until he hit eighteen. Brooke was a shifter so naturally the kid had the gene in him, he turned and Nichole didn’t quite know what to do. He knew that she was a vampire and she explained to him what he was. With everything that had happened between Nichole and Dedrick in the past, she disliked him very much. Her son knew this and decided that he wanted to start a pack and fight against Dedrick and his vampires. So Nichole let him go. Well Nichole waited for about twenty-seven years for her son to return like he promised he would. However, when he didn’t show up after so many years, Nichole stopped waiting for him, she assumed he had forgotten about her and that he had a family elsewhere. Nichole went on living a normal life until Dedrick paid her a visit one day; he came to her and, of course, he told her that her son was dead. When she asked how he died, he told her the kid was murdered and when she asked who killed him he told her it was me.” 
     “Did you really kill the kid?” Alex asked. Jesse shook his head. 
     “No.” He said ‘no’ as if that should have been obvious to everyone.
     “How can you know for sure?” Jenn asked.
     “I know because I searched for the kid’s genealogy and found three generations of family after him.”
     “So he never died?” Scott asked. 
     “Well, he didn’t die how or when Dedrick said he did, he died some seventy-five years after he left home.”
     “How come Nichole never looked into this?” Jenn wondered. 
     “When she cared there were no search engines or means to find people like there are now. If I didn’t have the present time means, I wouldn’t have found anything out.”
     Jesse began again a minute later. 
     “Nichole hates me so much right now because Dedrick told her that I was the reason she died and then when she began to get over that he told her I killed her kid. That was it for her, that’s why she hates me. I’m sure there was other stuff that he told her that probably wasn’t true, but those are the main reasons.”
     “Well that’s interesting, but that doesn’t explain your leverage thing.” Scott reminded him. Jesse nodded a little.
     “Maybe leverage was the wrong word to use. Ok, ok, so Nichole wants me dead right now and she hates me because she thinks I killed her kid. There’s no way she’d believe me if I told her the truth and there’s no way I’m getting anywhere near her. So, I decided that she’d believe me if she could see the truth. At first, I was just trying to figure out what she did right after she was turned, but then I learned all this other stuff and I had to look for her family.”
     “And you think if you show her her long-lost descendant she’ll magically forgive you?” Jenn asked with a pinch of sarcasm in her tone. Jesse nodded.
     “That’s the plan.” 
     “Well did you have any luck finding any of her alive family?” Scott questioned. Jesse shook his head.
     “That’s why I came back. I can track it down three generations after her kid but then it stops.”
     “It just stops?” Jenn asked as she tilted her head a little. “Did they die?” 
     “I don’t think they did but I can’t find anyone else in her family.” Jenn bit her lip and tapped her toe as she stared at Jesse, she looked conflicted.
     “Why’d you cover up all of your tracks Jesse?” She asked, sounding doubtful. 
     “Because Jenn, I have a bounty on me and I didn’t want anyone finding me.”
     “Fine, why didn’t you call me at least?” 
     “Because then you would figure out where I was and you would come to me. I didn’t want you getting hurt.” 
     “By whom?” She interrogated.
     “By the people who want to bring me to Nichole.” Jenn rolled her eyes.
     “Jesse, if it’s so damn dangerous for us, why did you come here? If you didn’t want us around you because being around you is so dangerous, why are you even here?” Jesse sighed sounding angry at her questions.
     “Because now I actually need help and I’m going to have a bounty on me until I show her her family. I didn’t need any help until now.” Jenn stared at him without blinking. He sounded sincere in my opinion but I would leave the deciding up to Jenn.
     “Alright.” Jenn replied five minutes later. “I’ll help you.” Jesse smiled and held out his arms. She sighed and gave him a quick hug. When they let go of each other, Alex looked at Mike and then he looked back at the house. 
     “Hey, I need to go and check on Violet.” I nodded and then Scott motioned at Mike. 
     “And I suppose I’ll take care of Mike, if that’s ok with you Alex?” Alex nodded a little.
     “Do whatever, I don’t care.” He sounded a little frustrated or angry. Scott nodded and Alex took off inside. Scott went and picked up Mike’s body. 
     “I’m gonna go with Alex.” I mumbled awkwardly as I turned around. Jenn nodded, her eyes still fixed on Jesse and then I walked to the front door. I stopped in the doorway for a second and heard Jesse talking. I was very quiet and I listened in.
     “Thanks Jenn.” Jesse said happily.
     “Jesse, I think you’re lying to us.” She accused.
     “Oh, and why do you think that?”
     “Because you slipped.”
     “Slipped?” He hinted.
     “Yes, you see, the Jesse I knew wouldn’t have come back to the people he was trying to protect. He would have found someone else to help him.” He chuckled.
     “I would have, huh?”
     “You’re lying to me Jesse,” Jenn began again, “and I swear to you, no matter how long it takes, I will find out why.”
     “Well, while you’re trying to figure out why I’ve been so-called ‘lying’, I’m gonna go make peace with more important people.”
     “She loves Alex, Jesse, nothing’s going to change that, especially not now. So, if your lying has anything to do with her, it’s not worth it.”
     “Great guess, really, I like your thought process, however, you’re wrong. You think I still like her?” He laughed. “I’m over it.” He sounded so sure.
     “Really, your lack of eye contact with her says otherwise… you weren’t looking for Nichole’s family for leverage sake, are you?” Jesse was silent for a moment.
     “Jenn, I assure you I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
     “Do you not? Well, I’ll clear it up a little, you don’t want to make peace with Nichole.” 
     “Oh, but I do.”
     “No Jesse, I’ve known you my whole life and I think you’re fully of crap. You’re mad at Nichole, aren’t you?” He paused and then let out a long sigh. 
     “So maybe I’m a little mad, but that’s for reasons of my own.”
     “Oh, reasons like Nichole being the one who told Dedrick to make you suffer? She told him all your weaknesses and that’s how he tortured you all those years, it was her fault.”
     “How the hell do you know that?” He asked threateningly.
     “I did some sleuthing of my own, Jesse.”
     “Then you should know that she betrayed me just as much as I betrayed her and that I have a very valid reason to kill her.”
     “You do want to kill her.” Jenn muttered.
     “Of course.”
     “Then why are you searching so hard for something that doesn’t even matter? Her family, if you’re just planning on killing her, why do you give a damn about her family?” Jesse chuckled a little.
     “You know Jenn, with all the ‘soul-searching’ you did, you really didn’t find out much.” 
     “Oh I’m pretty sure what you’re planning is something I really don’t want to get involved in.”
     “Then why are you asking me all of your questions?” Jesse sounded clueless.
     “I said I didn’t want to get involved, not that I didn’t want to know.”
     “Well, I don’t intend on you finding out.”
     “Won’t you hear my theories?” She hoped.
     “Indulge me.”
     “I think you are trying to find Nichole’s family because it has something to do with a bigger plan in your mind. You’re not stuck on finding the next generation, you stopped.” 
     “Tsk, tsk, tsk.” Jesse said sarcastically. “You are such a bright girl but you’re cold. Jenn, you can look and look all you want but I promise you, you will find nothing because I did nothing wrong.” He swore. “I want to find Nichole’s family to convince her that I’m not the monster Dedrick made me out to be. However, if she didn’t believe me or didn’t forgive me, you can bet that I wouldn’t spare her. I’ll kill her if I have to.” He was quiet for a second. “As for Selena, she’s nothing special. Everyone thinks she’s such a godsend because she killed Dedrick, she’s a kid.”
     “You learn nothing, do you? You cannot lie to me Jesse, you’re trying to convince yourself that you’re not back for her but you are. Do yourself a favor and accept the facts, you loved her, that’s not a crime. However, you also have to accept that she wasn’t right for you. Once you get over those facts, you need to move on, she’s not meant for you, she never was, but, I promise you, somewhere out there, there is someone, and she needs you more than Selena does. Move on from Selena, like you said, she’s just a girl, a kid, find that person that wants you around, not the one that you’re fooling yourself with.”
     “I’m back because I need help Jenn, if you’re incapable of helping, I’ll be on my way again.”
     “I told you that I was going to help.” Jenn reminded him.
     “Then stop the accusations and quit lecturing to me life lessons and help.” I could see Jenn’s face in my mind, and she was furious. Jenn and Jesse grew silent so I quickly ran into the house. I went to the living room and saw Carly, Dan, Britney and Randy all sitting on the couches. Britney saw me and stood up, she ran to me and gave me a hug.
     “Are you ok?” She asked hopefully. I nodded and shook my head at the same time, undecided on how I felt.
     “I don’t really know if I am.” I said truthfully.
     “You’re sure the baby’s alright?” I nodded.
     “Yes, Jesse heard him, he’s fine.” Britt smiled but it faded a second later. 
     “You need to get some sleep.” She said. I laughed.
     “Me, sleep?” I laughed and shook my head. “Not me, I actually just need to find Alex and talk to Vie, she’s probably still upset.” Britney nodded and pat my back. 
     “Right, well come and talk to me if you need to.” I smiled at her and then I ran up the stairs and into Violet’s room, I assumed she would be in there along with Alex and John. When I entered the room, John was sitting on the bed and Violet had her head in his lap and a blanket thrown over her. John was stoking her hair and her closed eyes looked puffy and tearstained. Vie was asleep and John looked like he was falling asleep. Alex was sitting in a rocking chair by the bed rocking back and forth. He looked over at me for a second and then he looked back at Vie and John. 
     “She stopped crying and fell asleep, I think the night was a little too much for her.” Alex said with a frown on his face. I walked over to him and wrested my hand on his shoulder. He kissed it and then we both looked over at Violet. 
     “Is she ok?” I wondered. Alex nodded a little.
     “Yeah, she’s gonna be fine, I think she’s more scared than sad. She was freaking out a little but then she stopped crying and kind of crashed out.”
     “What is she scared about, Mike being gone?” 
     “No, she’s scared about Uncle Jack and Aunt Cindy. They uh, they were only in the pack to watch Mike so after I tell them, they won’t be coming back. As for Brian and Lee, they’d be in charge of the pack and they never wanted to be in charge so they won’t come back either. Mom can’t be helped, we’ve looked into every possible solution to get her out of her coma and there’s still nothing.” He shook his head and looked at me. “Violet asked if she could stay here and John and I kind of laughed at her, I don’t think she thinks she’s welcome here.” I frowned and shook my head.
     “Of course she can stay here, she’s family.” Alex nodded.
     “She said she was really sorry that Mike hurt you, she was freaking out about Seth, she thought he was going to get hurt.” I shook my head and looked down at my stomach.
     “No, no, Seth is fine, he’s a strong baby.” Alex smiled and looked back at Vie.
     “I think I should get John out of here.” Alex said as he stood up. I shook my head and wrapped my arm around him.
     “I think Violet should have someone here in case she wakes up and needs help.” 
     “Well I’ll stay with her, John should sleep in his own bed.” I frowned.
     “Oh but honey, I think you should sleep in my room in case I wake up and need help.” He looked from John to me and he shook his head with an amused smile on his face.
     “Of course, what was I thinking?” He joked. I smiled and he wrapped his arm around me and we left the room, shutting the light off behind us.
     We ran down the stairs and Carly and Dan were no longer here. I looked at Britney and Randy.
     “Where’d Carly, Dan and Sammy go, I haven’t seen Sam in a while.” Randy pointed at the front door.
     “Carly and Dan went home, they’re waiting to talk to you guys and Sammy’s there too, he’s feeding Lapis.” Alex and I nodded.
     “Right, well thank you guys.” Alex mumbled. They nodded and Randy looked at me.
     “Are you ok?” He hoped. I nodded and he looked at Alex. “How about you man, are you ok?” Alex nodded.
     “I’m fine, thanks, just tired is all.” Randy nodded.
     “Well I’ll see you tomorrow, don’t forget to talk to Carly and Dan.” We nodded.
     “Oh, we won’t.” Alex promised. Randy nodded and then we left for our house. I didn’t see Jenn, Jesse or Scott outside, I didn’t know where they were. We walked into our house and Jenn, Carly and Dan were in the living room. I assumed Sammy was still in the kitchen with Lapis. We walked to the couch and sat down and talked to everyone for a few minutes before Sam came into the room along with Lapis. Lapis approached me and licked my fingers affectionately. 
     “Are you and your child well?” He hoped. I nodded.
     “Yes.” I replied under my breath. He nodded and then I talked to everyone for another hour. Jesse and Scott had left, Jesse was feeding and Scott was watching him to make sure he didn’t run off again. 
     Around twelve, Alex got tired along with everyone else so he picked up Lapis and we went up to our room. When in the room, Alex set down Lapis and he sat on the edge of the bed and yawned. He then laid down and I shut the light off and laid down by him. Lapis crawled under the bed and laid down, waiting for me to be able to talk. Alex wrapped his arms around me and kissed my cheek.
     “I’m so sorry that Mike hurt you.” He whispered, sounding a little angry.
     “He didn’t hurt me, he hurt you.” Alex stared at me, confused. 
     “What do you mean?” He wondered.
     “Mike’s goal wasn’t to kill me, it was to kill you, so I’m sorry.”
     “I don’t care.” He said indifferently. I frowned and shook my head. 
     “Are you telling me that his dying doesn’t bother you, not at all?” He frowned and shook his head.
     “No, it doesn’t bother me at all.”
     “Do you mean that?” I asked curiously. He paused and was silent for a minute. “I wish Mike could have been a better father to me. I wish he would have tried harder at being a dad. I wish we could have had a relationship but we didn’t. I can’t go back and change what we did to each other; he hurt me and I’m sure I hurt him. I just wish I could have loved him and wanted to call him Dad. However, if I could, I wouldn’t save him from dying, it’s terrible and brutal of me, but I’m happy that he’s dead. There’s a little part of me that is kind of sad but for the most part, I’m not upset about it, I’m glad, glad that it’s over with.” We laid there for a time and then Alex looked at me. “How about you, are you ok?” I nodded.
     “I promise, I’m fine.”
     “No, no, no, I’ve heard you say you’re ‘fine’ like a hundred times tonight, I mean emotionally.” 
     “With your dad dying, I don’t really care, I’m the brutal one now.” He chuckled and shook his head.
     “Well I’m glad to know I’m not the only evil one, but I’m talking about Jesse. I just want to make sure you’re ok with him being here, because, if you’re not we can get rid of him really easily.” I smiled and shook my head. 
     “I’m fine with him too, I was shocked to see him, I thought he was a hallucination at first, but I’m ok.”
     “I was just making sure, I don’t know if he still feels the same for you and I just don’t want you to…” I laid my lips on Alex’s and kissed him passionately. I then rested my hand on his face and looked him in the eyes. 
     “I married you Alex Carter, not Jesse, you’re the one I love. Jesse is kind of like a boomerang, he keeps coming back.” I joked. Alex smiled and hugged me tight. 
     “I just love you so much and I don’t want him being here to be hard for you.” Poor Alex, I could tell he was stressed about this. I shook my head and kissed him again.
     “I love you too, so much.” 
     We laid there for about ten minutes before Alex was asleep, often when I couldn’t sleep I’d quietly talk to Lapis so that’s what I was going to do. I slid off the bed and I grabbed some clean clothes from a drawer. Lapis crawled out from under the bed and trotted up to me; I pet his head and then I left the room with him by my side. I went to the bathroom and both Lapis and I entered, I then closed and locked the door behind myself. Lapis came everywhere with me, everywhere around the house at least. I watched him as he laid down facing the door with closed eyes. I needed to take a shower but he wanted to talk to me so he would stay in here with me. Lapis was a strange creature to describe, he was a man because he had that guy like presence, however, he acted odd for a guy. I supposed it was because he was a folletto, but he didn’t act like he was a gender. He sounded like a guy and I pictured him as one but he had both characteristics of male and female. Maybe I thought this because he wasn’t in his normal body, I wasn’t sure, but it fascinated me.
     I turned on the shower water and then I stripped and got into the shower, Lapis was still in the corner with closed eyes. When I got into the shower, I began to clean up and talk to him about all that had happened. He had gotten the gist of it by listening to everyone talk but my explaining it to him helped him understand everything fully. After I was clean, I grabbed a towel, dried off and got dressed. I then opened the door and Lapis and I exited the very steamy room. We went to my bedroom and then I tossed my dirty clothes in the bag and I laid down. Lapis hopped up onto the bed and then we talked for a while longer before he fell asleep.
     The night passed by slowly, I stared at the ceiling and the walls, tossing and turning, unable to fall asleep. When morning came and it was about six, Alex began to stir, waking up. The happiest part of the night was when Alex woke up, then I could talk to him. 
     Around six twenty, Alex got up and went to the bathroom to shower, that’s when I got up and headed downstairs. I was starving and wanted food, Carly was always up early so I assumed she would have food on the table for people. So, I got up and went down stairs, preparing to face the long, Jesse filled day.
     







Chapter 20

     I entered the kitchen with Lapis by my feet and saw Carly and Dan both cooking breakfast. Carly looked back at me and smiled. 
     “Good morning.” She said as she grabbed Lapis’ full food bowl off of the counter. She handed it to Dan and he placed it on the floor. Lapis happily trotted over to it and began to eat.
     “Morning.” I yawned. Carly stared at me and shook her head.
     “Did you get any sleep last night?” She sounded frustrated. I shook my head. 
     “No, but I’m fine, I wasn’t too tired anyway.” I lied.
     “Are you going to live off of sixteen hours of sleep a week forever?” She asked sounding serious. I shook my head.
     “No, not forever, just until the baby stops stealing all of my sleep hours.” Carly smiled and shook her head.
     “What a spoiled child you have, stealing all of your sleep.”
     “And my food and my genes, he’s a little leach.” I teased. Carly and Dan chuckled. “How are you this morning?” I asked courtly.
     “I’m actually great, can you believe it?” She sounded almost as shocked as I was.
     “Wow, no backache?”
     “None at all, I feel perfectly normal other than my humongous stomach.” Dan nodded.
     “She keeps bumping into everything.” He taunted. Carly purposely bumped into Dan and smirked. 
     “Oops.” She said in a coy way. He smiled at her and gave her a kiss. I smiled at them and shook my head.
     “So, is anyone else up?” I asked a minute later. Dan nodded.
     “Yep, Violet woke up along with John but Sam, Britt and Randy are still crashed, Jenn and Scott were up earlier, they went somewhere with Jesse, they should be back any time.” Carly stared at me.
     “How are you with Jesse, are you still mad at him?” She questioned.
     “Mad at him, I’m not mad, who said I was mad?” I babbled. 
     “Oh well maybe I jumped to conclusions but the fact that you refuse to use his name kind of tipped me off. You keep calling him ‘that guy’ and ‘di…’ ”
     “Wow, that’s very loving of you Selena.” Jesse said as he walked into the kitchen. Carly nodded a little and went back to cooking. Jesse sat down on a chair by the table and rested his hands on his lap, sitting politely. “How is everyone this fine morning?” He asked. Dan nodded.
     “I’m doing good, yourself?” Jesse nodded as well.
     “I’m great.” Carly handed me a plate with a few sandwiches on it. I didn’t really want to sit down by Jesse so I stood there awkwardly. Jesse sighed and looked at me. 
     “How are you doing Selena?” He asked, trying his absolute hardest to make peace. I nodded a little and took a bite of my food.
     “I’m fine, thanks.” Jesse sighed again and then he looked at the chair next to him and then at me. 
     “Why don’t you sit down?” He asked persuasively.
     “Thanks!” Sammy said as he entered the room. Carly smiled and handed him a plate and then he sat down next to Jesse. Jesse frowned and looked at Sam; Sammy was staring at Jesse. They sat there for a few seconds, Jesse looked uncomfortable as Sam continued staring awkwardly at him. I was trying to hold back a laugh, no one knew why Sam did the things he did, but they were always for some joke of some sort. Another minute passed of Sam just staring at Jesse and finally, he broke.
     “Ok!” Jesse exclaimed. “What’s your problem?” I laughed and then Jesse looked at me. “What’s so funny? This kid is staring at me and it’s really freaking me out!” Sammy shook his head.
     “Oh, I’m just admiring your extremely attractive qualities.” He said in the gayest voice he could come up with. I laughed again and then Jesse scooted his chair back a little trying to put some distance between Sam and himself. Now Sam was in no way gay, but he was my friend and he knew that I was upset with Jesse. Sammy was trying to both mess with Jesse to make me feel better and get rid of him.
     “That,” Jesse began, “was the third creepiest thing anyone has ever said to me only for the fact that it came from you.” Sam smiled.
     “Oh I’ve got so many more things I admire about you, I’ll probably make number one on your list by the end of the hour.” Sammy was staring at Jesse with the creepiest, adoring gaze ever, it was awesome! Jesse looked severely creeped out and Carly and Dan were laughing under their breath.
     “So, Jesse,” I muttered. Sammy scooted his chair closer to Jesse’s chair and Jesse, while looking at me, put his foot on Sam’s chair and pushed it as far back as it would go.
     “Yes Selena?” He asked, trying to stay focused.
     “How long do you think you’ll be staying here?” I wondered. Sammy was slowly moving his chair closer to Jesse.
     “I guess until Jenn and I find what I’ve been looking for.” He quickly looked at Sam and he stopped moving his chair and sat perfectly still, still staring at Jesse. Jesse looked away from Sam and back at me and Sam began to move again. I heard Carly and Dan chuckle.
     “And you’re just looking for Nichole’s family?” He nodded and looked at Sam, Sammy was about a foot away from him now with an adoring smile on his face. Jesse sighed and then I blinked and Sam and his chair were over by Carly and Dan and Jesse was back in his chair. 
     “That’s better.” Jesse grumbled. Carly gave Sam a quick high-five and then she got back to cooking. “As for your question, yes, the genealogy of her family just stops after three generations and I’m stuck. Jenn’s exceptionally good at finding people so that’s why I came to her.”
     “And what do you plan to do after you find her family?” I questioned.
     “Prove to Nichole that I’m not the bad guy Dedrick and Aaron made me out to be. I think I’ll…” Jesse stopped talking when Sammy entered the kitchen from the living room, he had exited the house from the back door and walked around. Jesse jumped when he saw Sam. Sammy was clutching in his hands a dark red T-shirt, he held it out and was examining it as if he was trying to find out it’s size. Jesse looked from Sammy to the shirt he was holding and his mouth fell open.
     “Holly crap that’s my shirt!” He sounded both shocked and angry. Sammy nodded. 
     “Yeah, your less attractive than you, female sister let me have it!” He said with a lisp. “Do you have another one like this in my size?” He hoped. Carly and Dan were biting their lips trying not to laugh. 
     “No, no, I uh don’t own any shirts in size wimpy.” Sam shrugged.
     “Well, can I have this one?” Jesse stared at him with a terrified look on his face and then he stood up. 
     “You know what, you keep the shirt, I really don’t want to touch it any more.” Jesse took a step back and he bumped into a chair. He looked behind himself and then he looked at Sammy. “I’m gonna go now.” 
     “No wait! You can’t go!” Sam begged. Jesse shivered and ran out the back door. The second Jesse was gone, Sammy threw the shirt to his side and he walked back over to Carly and Dan to grab his chair. Carly, Dan and I finally let out of laughs and I felt tears begin to stream down my face.
     “What was that?” I asked while Sam dragged his chair back to the table. He smiled at me.
     “Well,” he said, getting his voice back to normal, “I was coming in to get breakfast and Alex was coming down the stairs, we heard Jesse talking so he said he’d give me twenty bucks if I could scare Jesse and get it on tape. I accepted the challenge and I think I won twenty bucks.” 
     “I’d give you fifty.” Carly said giggling. Sam smiled and held the chair out for me. I smiled and sat down and he pushed my chair in and sat down next to me. 
     “I have to admit, I thought I was gonna break a few times, the faces he was making were so scared and funny.” Sam chuckled and shook his head taking a bite of food.
     “You say you got it on camera?” I asked. He nodded and handed me his phone. 
     “I set my phone on the table when I sat down and propped it up, I tried to stay in it’s reach, if anything it’ll have the noises.” Dan smiled and shook his head and he and Carly came and sat down with their food. We watched the video while we ate almost spitting out food a few times as we watched the faces Jesse made when Sam talked to him. Sam told me that Alex had gone over to the other house to check on Violet and to call everyone and tell them about Mike.
     When we were done eating, we cleaned our dishes and then I kissed Carly, Dan and Sam and I went over to the other house. Sam chattered on the way to the house, he was fun to hang out with. He was really immature and when people hung out with him, it rubbed off on them. When we got to the other house, Violet and John were eating breakfast and Britney and Randy weren’t here. We walked over to the couch and I waited for Alex to be done talking.
     “Yeah,” he said with the phone next to his face, “yeah I was fine with it, it wasn’t hard for me. I think it was probably harder for Violet.” Alex listened for a moment and then he nodded. “Yeah, she was really upset last night but she seems normal today.” He laughed. “Yeah, at least she gave him an hour of tears, it could have been worse… yeah, well I just wanted to tell you so you know what’s going on.” Alex listened for a minute and then he nodded. “Yeah, no, I’m not mad that you guys don’t wanna come back, Jack and Cindy were a little upset but they aren’t gonna come back either. I remember you never wanted to be leader of anything so I didn’t think you and Lee would really want to come back… no, Vie’s gonna stay with us I think.” Alex listened and then he nodded. “Yeah, of course, let me get her for you, take care Brian, give the family my best.” Alex smiled and nodded again. “Alright, here she is.” He put his hand over the phone and called Violet over, she came and he handed her the phone. She took it and began to talk. Alex looked at me and smiled. He got up and approached me and Sammy.
     “He beautiful, what’s up?” I put my hands on my hips and I scowled at Alex. He knew exactly why I did so. He looked at Sam and smiled. “Did you do it?” He asked excitedly. Sammy nodded and gave him his phone. 
     “I got it all on tape, now where’s my twenty bucks?” Alex shook his head.
     “I need to know that I’m getting my twenty dollars worth first.”
     “Oh, Carly said she’d have paid me fifty bucks.” Sam bragged. Alex looked at me and I nodded.
     “It’s really funny.” I assured. Alex nodded, smiled and handed Sam twenty bucks. 
     We watched the video with Alex and he couldn’t have been happier! He laughed during the whole video and minutes after it was over. Alex took way too much satisfaction in Jesse’s misfortunes. For the first time since Alex’s dad had come back, Alex looked happy, a sincere happy. I was glad to see this and glad to have my Alex back to normal.
     The next few days went by slowly. Jenn, Scott and Jesse worked as hard as they could trying to find Nichole’s family. They worked in the night when everyone was asleep and then they hung out with us in the days. Scott’s sleep schedule was funky, he wanted to help Jenn and Jesse but often ended up falling asleep, leaving them to it. Jesse was still freaked out about Sammy even though we explained to him he had just been kidding. Sam decided to embrace this fear Jesse had of him and he abused the power just a little bit.
     Violet and John had been spending more time together than usual, of course John was ecstatic about this and Violet liked it too. I saw a spark in her, like she was just starting to like John back. Alex, of course, was none the wiser at their liking each other; he                                                                                                                                                                                                          was too focused on me and the baby to notice much these days though.
     I would be five months pregnant at the beginning of November, the baby was sort of close and Alex was going a little overboard with everything; he wanted to buy the baby clothes and a crib and everything he thought necessary. I convinced him to wait until the last month of my pregnancy because we didn’t have a whole lot of room to carry stuff around with us for four more months. He waited begrudgingly. Along with obsessing about stuff we needed to buy, he talked about every little thing we should do for the baby; the things he talked about ranged anywhere from what type of diapers we would buy to whether we would discipline the child or not. We had a pretty good understanding on what we did and didn’t want to do while raising our child. We both thought that discipline was good and we thought that home schooling would be best. We were trying to be prepared for everything but I was sure the moment the baby came we would forget all of our plans and have to make up our list again.
     On October twenty-eighth, we had the raid, it went well, like it usually did. Carly and Dan were great leaders and they knew what they were doing. We prepared for every possible thing that could go wrong so we had a backup plan for it all. This month’s raid was easier because we now had Vie and Jesse. Violet stuck with John which sucked for Sammy because he and John usually stuck together. Danny, almost as a joke, stuck Sam with Jesse. It didn’t help Jesse any that Sam had a naturally creepy presence, so to top off the fear of Sam he already had, there was the fact that they had to work together. Sam liked Jesse, he thought he was funny so Sam didn’t mind working with him.
     On October thirty-first, we left Montana and headed for Cooperstown, North Dakota. We got there at about three in the afternoon and we went to the house we were staying at. We were staying at a rental house in town, it was small but it worked. 
     In the middle of November, Carly would be eight months pregnant, I knew how excited Alex and I were for our baby to come and we still had four months to go so to imagine Carly having her baby next month, it was exciting! Carly had been feeling Andrew moving around inside of her for months now, but, as for me, I hadn’t felt my baby move at all, this worried me. Carly again and again told me that it wasn’t something to worry about but I did anyway.
     I didn’t think anything special of November seventh when I woke up in the morning, I thought it was just going to be another long day. I was laying on the couch, watching TV, Carly was sewing some clothes and Jenn was arguing with herself over some papers she and Jesse had written out. Everyone else was outside playing football, I wished I could go outside and play with them, but I couldn’t for the same reason as Carly. It was too cold outside to stay out there for too long, that and I was exhausted. I was only getting about seventeen to eighteen hours of sleep a week, I proved Carly wrong, she said I was only getting sixteen hours of sleep, pff I was getting seventeen, duh Carly!
     As I laid on the couch, I felt this weird feeling in the pit of my stomach, it wasn’t a stomach ache or anything, it was strange, strange enough to make me wonder what it was. I turned the volume on the TV down a little, trying to focus and I held really still, trying to picture what the feeling was. A minute later, Jenn looked at me, puzzled. 
     “Selena, are you ok?” She wondered. I nodded a little.
     “Yeah, I think so, I just…” I felt that weird fluttery feeling again and an awkward smile formed on my face. Carly now looked at me. 
     “What’s wrong?” She asked. I sat there while the feeling continued and I only spoke when it stopped. I looked at Carly. 
     “Nothing’s wrong, it’s just…” I froze as I realized what this wonderful fluttery feeling was. “Oh my gosh, Alex!” I yelled happily. I blinked and Jenn was on the couch by me.
     “Selena, what’s wrong?” She asked. I shook my head wanting to sit up but not wanting the feeling to not come back.
     “Nothing’s wrong, I… I felt the baby, he’s moving!” I exclaimed. Jenn smiled and we both looked over at the door as Alex came running in the house, he had slightly damp hair. 
     “Hey, what’s up?” He asked in a hurry. 
     “Is it raining outside?” I asked, getting off topic. Alex nodded.
     “A little bit, is that what you wanted to know?” He stared at me, unsure. I shook my head really quickly and then the smile came back to my face. 
     “No, no, Alex, my stomach and the baby are all fluttery!” I said excited. He looked at me like I was crazy.
     “What?”
     “Seth is moving!” A huge smile formed on Alex’s face and then he ran up to me and knelt down by my side.
     “Really! Is he still moving or did he stop?” I smiled and took Alex’s hand and rested it on my stomach. We both held very still and sure enough, a minute later, the baby began to move around again. I watched Alex as he felt our kid moving around. He laid his head on my stomach and listened.
     “He’s a strong little guy, it’s amazing! Does it hurt, is he hurting you?” Alex sounded concerned. I shook my head. 
     “No, not at all, it doesn’t hurt it feels weird, I can’t explain it.” Alex’s smile widened and then he hopped up.
     “I’ll be back!” He said as he ran to the door. Jenn smiled and asked if she could feel so I let her, she was intrigued by the baby’s movements and thought the world of it. 
     Alex had ran outside and probably screamed to the world how happy he was. The game of football ended because people came in to see me, that or they came in because it was now pouring rain.
     The rest of the day went by with many questions about the baby. People asked if I was ok and if I was excited and blah, blah, blah. The only one who didn’t talk to me was Jesse.
     After the seventh, the rest of the month was normal. I was still seeing things and my insomnia was still here. Lapis was good, Carly and Dan were good, John and Violet were good. Jenn, Scott and Jesse had no luck whatsoever finding any of Nichole’s family. Everyone was doing good for the most part.
     I was trying my absolute hardest to make peace with Jesse and it was seemingly working. I realized over the month how much I missed him and his sense of humor. We talked a lot and got along fine until I accidentally let something about Alex or the baby slip, that’s when things got weird. I felt bad in a way because I could see a hint of pain in his eyes when I spoke to him of Alex or when Alex told me he loved me. I felt bad, but not bad enough to pretend that I didn’t love Alex.
     We celebrated Thanksgiving on the twenty-second of November. We had turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, green bean casserole, heck we even made apple pie. We were going to make pumpkin pie and be traditional, but the majority of people voted apple as their favorite pie. Lapis even celebrated with us, we bought him a Cornish hen and stuffed it so it was like a little turkey. Lapis quickly decided that he liked Thanksgiving. 
     We had the raid on November twenty-seventh and we left for Fairbault, Minnesota on November thirtieth. When it turned December, the Christmas spirit overcame all of us; we were all making things to decorate the house with. We made snowflakes with newspapers and we made ornaments with walnut shells and almond shells, basically any kind of interesting nut shell there was. It wasn’t much, the decorations, but we had fun and it made us happy. I had never decorated for Christmas and I loved the holiday so decorating was fun!
     We were all ready for Carly’s baby to get here, he was due on the fifteenth. All of the guys put their heads together and set up the crib in Carly and Dan’s room. Carly was great, she felt terrific, she had no aches, no nausea, no cramps, nothing really. As for me, well, I had the damn insomnia, aches cramps and heartburn. The heartburn made up for the lack of morning sickness in the beginning of my pregnancy. My newest craving was odd for me, I was craving sushi though I didn’t know why, I hated sushi. Everyone pitched in though and made some for me. Violet and Randy were the only ones who didn’t like sushi but they still made some. Surprisingly enough, Sam was the one who made the best sushi, everyone called him Sammy Son “Sushi Master.” He liked the name and I liked the sushi so life was great! Alex, bless his heart, he meant well when he tried to make me sushi, but honestly, the food he made looked like a peacock puked on some rice, it tasted that way too. He swore that he would never make sushi again and everyone was ok with that.
     Sammy had a long talk with Jesse and he swore to him that he was just kidding about the gay thing, I guess it took hearing it from Sam to believe it. Jesse and Sam got along well now and they could be in the same room without Jesse freaking out.
     John wouldn’t talk to Alex about his feelings for Violet in fear of his life. I reassured him that Alex wouldn’t murder him but he didn’t believe me. I, after many days of nagging, finally got John to promise me that he’d talk to Alex after the raid this month. He said he would and that was that. He had to do it, he and Vie really liked each other and they couldn’t keep secretly seeing each other.
     On Christmas day, we all enjoyed ourselves, we got each other gifts, cheap, useless, Dollar Store gifts but gifts none the less. We made some ham and other Christmas foods like cookies and gingerbread and stuff and then Jenn made some eggnog. I would have drank the eggnog but Jenn mixed alcohol in it so neither me, Carly, Dan, Alex or Sam drank any. I sat on the couch with Lapis in my lap and I watched as everyone had an eggnog drinking contest, they were competing against each other to see who could drink the most. Jesse wanted nothing to do with this dangerous competition so he stood in the corner and drank his eggnog in peace.
     After thirty slow minutes of this brutal challenge, John was wasted, Brit, Randy and Vie were extremely tipsy and it was just Jenn and Scott left. This was Scotty’s first time drinking so everyone was surprised that he was still alive. As for Jenn, well, she was a natural, it was really funny! We all knew that Jenn would win, but Scott was stubborn so he wouldn’t give up, Jenn knew this as well as I did so, to spare Scott’s life, she gave up. So Scott was declared the eggnog champion and then he passed out on the couch. 
     When the contest was over, Dan, Alex and Jesse walked all of the Christmas party drunks back to their houses and to their rooms. When John, Britney and Randy were all home safe in bed, the boys returned and we all talked for a while. Jenn was sitting on the couch and Scott was sleeping on the couch by her. She looked at him and shook her head.
     “I would have won if he wasn’t so stubborn.” She stammered. “I just didn’t want him to die is all.” I nodded.
     “He very well could have, especially considering this is his first time drinking.” Jenn nodded a little and then she yawned and stood up.
     “Well, I’m gonna get Scott up to our room.” She took a step forward and stumbled a little. Jesse chuckled and set down his drink. He walked up to her and put his hand on her back.
     “Why don’t you get to your room, I’ll get Scott for you. You just try and stand straight.” He instructed. Jenn nodded, agreeing that this was a better idea and then she slowly walked to the stairs.
     “Good night.” She murmured as she walked up the stairs. Jesse shook his head and grabbed Scott, he threw him over his shoulder and walked to the stairs.
     “I suppose the party’s over when the host is too drunk to get up the stairs.” He joked. Everyone chuckled and he sighed. “Be prepared for a very long day tomorrow full of grumpy, hungover, shifters.” He waved and then he took Scotty up to his room.
     Once it was just Alex, Sam, Carly, Dan and I, we all talked about random things. I was talking to Carly and Dan about what they wanted to do about Santa when they had their baby. They wanted to do the Santa Clause thing for their kid and that brought up questions for Alex and my baby. Sammy got bored with our discussion so he asked permission to go and draw on the passed out drunk’s faces. Carly and Dan told him to go for it so he grabbed Jenn’s eye liner pencil and drew on everyone’s faces.
     When Sam left, we talked for a while longer before we all grew tired. We went to bed and then Christmas was over.
     The next day when everyone woke up, we discovered John, Vie, Brit and Randy all with mustaches and stuff drawn on their faces. They knew exactly who to blame but they were too hungover to do anything about it.
     We planned to have the raid on December twenty-seventh, that was two days after Christmas. On the twenty-seventh everyone but Dan, Carly, Alex and I went to the raid. Carly should have had her baby a few days ago so she was due any day now. 
     I stared out of the window and watched as everyone ran away, I sighed, sad that I couldn’t go with and walked over to the couch. I sat down by Alex who was playing video games. He looked at me for a second and then he looked back at the TV.
     “How are you doing?” He asked curiously. I nodded. 
     “I’m fine.” He paused the game and looked around, searching for something. He finally grabbed another controller and handed it to me.
     “You, me, slaying zombies, it’s like we’re at the raid but not.” He looked at me with a cute, hopeful expression. I sighed, giving in and I took the controller.
     “No!” Lapis yelled as he came running down the stairs. He jumped up on the couch by me and shook his head. “Don’t do it Selena! Once you start playing you won’t stop, trust me, I’ve observed them; they pick up that controller and they play and then it never ends.” I laughed and kissed his head.
     “Don’t worry, I have more self control than they do.” I promised. Lapis shook his head, clearly disagreeing but he said no more on the subject.
     For the next thirty minutes, Alex taught me how to play the game, it was fun, fun enough to keep me occupied. Carly was reading a book and Dan had just left for the store, town was about an hour and a half away so he’d be back in a few hours. 
     As Alex and I played our video game, I noticed Carly behaving strangely. She began to move around a little with a funny expression on her face, she seemed uncomfortable. I looked from the TV to her.
     “Are you ok?” I hoped. 
     “No, no, no, Selena… oh!” Alex shouted. I looked back at the television, I was dead. I sighed and looked back at Carly. She stared at me for a second like she was thinking over something really hard. Finally, a minute later, she nodded and smiled.
     “Yeah, I’m fine, this has been happening a lot lately, I’ll just walk it off.” She reassured. I nodded and then she got up and headed toward the kitchen.
     Five minutes passed and Alex and I were once again involved in our game. We were playing Black Ops II, Alex had received the game as a Christmas present. We were playing Tranzit, a zombie map on the game. We were getting onto the bus when I heard a wooden spoon drop in the kitchen.
     “Selena.” Carly hollered. Alex and I exchanged looks and then he paused the game and I got up and ran to the kitchen. Carly was by the counter with both of her hands on the end of it. She was standing with her head tucked in-between her arms. 
     “Carly, are you alright?” I asked, feeling nervous. She looked up at me with a strange face. 
     “You know last week how I thought it was time but it turned out it was just Braxton Hicks?” I nodded. “Yeah, well I don’t think it’s Braxton Hicks this time.” I froze for a second and then I frowned. 
     “Oh, oh! Um, do you need me to… uh… I don’t know what to do.” I was now freaking out. Carly smiled and stood up straight. She looked at the spoon on the floor and she walked over to it. She bent down to grab it but I rushed to her side and grabbed it for her.
“You should lay down or something.” I instructed. She frowned at me.
     “I’m fine for a while, I’m gonna be in early labor for Lord knows how many hours. It can take anywhere from a few hours to a few days. I can’t do anything about it.” I frowned and Lapis came walking into the room.
     “She’s in early labor and she’s right, there’s really nothing she can do right now except for wait.”
     “What can she do?” I asked. Carly looked at me.
     “What?”
     “Oh, nothing.”
     “She can read, watch a movie, shower, she can basically do whatever until she goes into active labor. Her contractions will get worse as time goes by, they won’t hurt her at first but in a while she’ll probably feel like laying down or resting. In a few hours or whenever her early labor is over, that’s when you’ll need to get her up to her room whether she feels like laying down or not. Carly knows all of this so just be with her, ok.” I nodded and looked at Carly. 
     “Um, what do you want to do?” I asked. She sighed and looked around. 
     “Well, I’m kind of hungry.”
     “I can make you some rice, you’ve been eating that lately.” She paused for a moment and then she nodded.
     “Ok, I’ll help though.” I smiled and then we began to cook.
     Alex came in a few minutes later, wondering what was going on.
     “Hey, are you guys ok?” He asked. Carly nodded.
     “Yeah, I’m going into labor.” She said calmly. Alex nodded and then he looked at me. 
     “What are you do…” He quickly looked back at Carly. “What!” He exclaimed. Carly nodded.
     “Labor.” She repeated. Alex’s mouth was hanging open and then he ran up to Carly and put his left hand on her shoulder. 
     “If… if you’re going into labor then you need to lay down!” He sounded a little freaked out. Carly shook off his hand and pointed at the stove. 
     “Alex, I’m cooking right now hon.” He shook his head. 
     “I’ll cook, Selena will cook, you, go lay down.” Carly put her hands on her hips and glared at him.
     “Alex, I’m not going to be having serious contractions for a few hours so I suggest you let me cook my meal.” Carly said this very threateningly and Alex took a step back. 
     “Ok, ok, well, what about Dan, should I call him?” 
     “He doesn’t have his phone with him.” She said as she stirred the rice we had poured in boiling water.
     “Well, aren’t you nervous?” Carly shook her head. 
     “No, I’ll start being nervous when I go into active labor and Dan still isn’t here.” Alex stared at her confused. 
     “So you don’t hurt?” She laughed and shook her head. 
     “Not really.”
     “Then how do you even know you’re going into labor?” Alex asked, he didn’t understand any of this. Carly paused for a moment, thinking.
     “I don’t know, it doesn’t feel like a Braxton Hicks, it feels different.” She sighed and looked at Alex. “Don’t make me explain this to you.” She said seriously. Alex nodded and looked at me. I shrugged and then we continued cooking Carly’s meal. 
     I looked out of the window as Carly ate, it was snowing. Part of me wanted to smile but mostly, I was nervous. Dan would get held up in the snow and take longer to get back here. I didn’t think any of us would survive if Carly went into active labor without Dan.
     After about two hours at eight o’clock, Carly’s contractions were fifteen minutes apart and they lasted about forty seconds. She explained it to me as feeling like period cramps, she wasn’t in pain but she wasn’t too comfortable. She was walking around a lot, trying to distract herself. We waited for the pack to get back, they would be here any minute if everything went according to plan. As for Dan, I figured it would take him an hour and a half to get to town and then an hour at the store and two hours to get back because of the snow. He’d be back in two and a half hours, if I was correct. 
     It was snowing very hard out and there were two inches of snow on the ground. At nine a.m., the pack returned to the house with smiles on their faces. I watched as John made his way through the front door with everyone following behind him. He looked at me and smiled. 
     “Selena!” He exclaimed. I half smiled at him.
     “Hi John.” I muttered.
     “You’ll never guess! We caught all of the pre-vamps and both of the mature ones.” He enthused.
     “The mature ones did put up a good fight though.” Jenn said.
     “Yeah, they took off toward the town so we chased them there.” Randy said as he motioned to Britney and himself. “We caught them and brought them back to the others and then we cleaned up.” I nodded.
     “Wow, that’s great guys, good job!” I complimented. “Hey, um, Carly…” Carly came storming into the living room.
     “How long are these damn contraction going to happen!” She yelled. “I lay down and get comfortable and then one happens and then I have to get comfortable again!” She looked at the pack, all of their mouths were hanging open. “Hi.” She grumbled. “Did you catch them all?” She asked looking at Randy.
     “Wait, you’re in labor?” Violet asked. Carly nodded and put her hand on her face.
     “Yeah I am, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have yelled like that, are you guys hungry?” She asked as she looked back at the kitchen.
     “How long have your contractions been happening?” Britney asked as she walked toward Carly. 
     “About three hours and three hours seems like too much right now.” She complained.
     “Are you hurting?” Sammy asked sounding freaked out. Carly shook her head. 
     “No, I’m just uncomfortable is all.”
     “Where’s Dan?” Scott asked.
     “He’s at the store, he left maybe ten minutes before her first contraction happened.”
     “It’s snowing really hard out there.” Alex said as he walked in the room. He stopped and saw everyone. He smiled at them. “Hey guys, when did you get back?” He wondered. 
     “Just a few minutes ago, Carly, can we get you anything?” Britney asked. She smiled and shook her head.
     “No hon, I’m fine, I think I’ll just go and lay down.” Everyone nodded and Carly made her way upstairs.
     After two more hours had passed, Dan was thirty minutes passed my ETA. It was eleven a.m. and Carly had been having contractions for about five hours. She was laying in bed reading her book with a heating pad laying on top of her. We fixed her some tea and she drank it happily. She was now starting to worry about Dan, I wasn’t worried, I just figured he got stuck in the snow.
     Carly eventually got bored with reading so she and I watched It’s a Wonderful Life. By the time that was over, she had been having contractions for about seven hours. She suspected her early labor would be longer but at about one thirteen, Carly went into active labor. 
     Carly changed into a nightgown and she laid down in bed. Alex stayed in the room with her and I sent John, Randy and Scott to go and find Danny. Everyone else waited anxiously for them to get back. I waited in the room with Carly and talked to her as her contractions grew worse and worse. She was crying and freaking out because Dan wasn’t here but I told her that he was coming and to stay calm and focused. 
     Around two in the afternoon, the sky was dark with the snow clouds and the wind was blowing like crazy. The snow storm was turning into a blizzard and now everyone was worried because no one was back yet.
     At two thirty, I heard the front door open and then there was chattering downstairs. I smiled at Carly and she smiled back. I got up and ran down the stairs to see Dan standing in the doorway.
     “Dad.” I said as I hugged him. He kissed my head.
     “Where’s Carls?” He asked. I took his hand and took him upstairs. We entered Carly and Dan’s bedroom and then Carly’s face lit up when she saw Dan.
     “Danny!” She exclaimed, trying to sit up. Dan shook his head and ran up to the bed. He sat down and took her hand.
     “Baby, I’m so sorry! I got to town and then I went shopping and then when I got back out to the car there was about two inches of snow. I started driving home and the front, left tire popped. I ran over a nail or something so I had to fix the tire and that took a good thirty minutes because it was snowing pretty good. When I finally got the car working it was about eleven. I started to drive home but I couldn’t see the road too well so I had to drive slow. I saw John, Randy and Scott running up to my car around one thirty and then they told me about you, I was trying to get back as fast as I could. Are you alright?” He asked, sounding like he was ready to faint. Carly nodded and took in a deep breath. She looked at Dan and frowned.
     “I was scared that you weren’t gonna be here.” She cried. He gave her a kiss and then he squeezed her hand.
     “It’s alright, I’m here.” She smiled.
     “This is taking forever Danny, I hate it! I’m highly confused on why we had a kid when we decided we wanted to adopt.” Dan shrugged. 
     “I don’t know, you’re gonna be ok though.” Carly glared at him.
     “Ok? Do you know what a damn contraction feels like?” She sounded angry. “It’s like a horrible cramp running up my abdomen and it doesn’t get better, it’s getting worse!” Carly was cranky. 
     “I’m… I’m sorry.” Dan stuttered. “Do you want me to say you’re not going to be ok?” He asked, not sure what he needed to do. 
     “No! You’re supposed to help me through this!”
     “That’s what I was trying to do!” He retorted. Carly scowled at him and then she looked at Alex. 
     “Did you feed the dog at all today?” She asked. Alex shook his head.
     “No, not yet.” He answered.
     “Will you go and feed him?” 
     “I don’t think he’s hungry but…”
     “Feed the dog!” She yelled. Alex, terrified of her, stood up and escaped the room as fast as he could. 
     Carly remained in active labor until nine thirty-nine at night. Everyone had pretty much stayed downstairs except for me and Dan. Danny stayed by her side the whole time and she got moody every now and then but for the most part she was good. Lapis was in the room with us and he was talking me through what to do to help Carly. She was doing pretty good for the most part, I just held her hand and gave her pep talks. Watching Carly go through this brought me into the reality that I was going to have Seth in about two to three months. I was terrified at the thought of having to go through this but at the same time, I was excited.
     At nine thirty-nine Carly began to feel the need to push, I asked Lapis what he thought and he said that if she felt she had to, she should. Carly pushed for about two hours, she said she felt better after she pushed. Her contractions were three minutes apart so the baby could have come quicker than in two hours but Carly was tired and she didn’t feel like pushing as much as Lapis told me to encourage her to do. 
     Finally, at four past eleven, Carly would push for the final time! I was sitting on the end of the bed and Carly was breathing deeply, waiting for it to be over.
     “Just one more push when you can Carly, I can see the top of his head!” I exclaimed. Carly smiled and nodded.
     “Alright, one more push.” She shook her head. “Andrew I hope you know the hell you’re putting Mommy through.” I smiled at her and then a moment later she pushed again, letting out a scream of pain. I had my hands held out, ready to grab Andy. The second Carly pushed for that last time, Andrew came out and I held him in my hands. Carly exhaled in relief and then she looked over at me. My face lit up as I held Andrew in my hands, he was so small and he was gorgeous. I snapped out of it and looked at Dan.
     “Dad, will you get a towel and bring it?” He nodded, hopped up and ran to the bathroom. He grabbed the towel and ran it back to me. He stood over my shoulder and stared at Andrew as I dried him off a bit. I looked back at Danny and smiled at him. “Come here Daddy.” He smiled a little and he walked to my side. “Here.” I handed him Andrew and I looked at Carly. “You ok there?” I asked. She nodded and took a deep breath in.
     “I’m great, can I hold him?” She hoped. I nodded.
     “In one second you can, I’m just waiting for the umbilical cord to stop pulsating and then I’ll clip it and he’s all yours.” 
     “Is he pretty?” She asked, unable to see him. I looked at Danny when he didn’t answer Carly’s question; he was staring at Andy with a huge smile on his face, his eyes were fixated on his child. Carly frowned and clapped her hands together. “Danny!” She yelled. He snapped out of it and looked at her. 
     “What?” He inquired. Carly smiled.
     “Is he pretty?” Dan nodded and looked back at Andrew. 
     “Of course he’s pretty, he’s gorgeous!” Carly frowned and looked at me. 
     “Is it done plunging or whatever you said?” I laughed and stared at the cord, it had been about three minutes since Andrew had come out and the umbilical cord looked like it stopped pulsating so I took the sterilized scissors Alex had given me earlier and I cut it. I set the scissors to my side and I looked at Dan. I put my hands on my hips and shook my head. He was holding Andrew and Andrew took a few breaths in and he began to cry. Dan sat up a little and he looked at me not knowing what to do. I pointed at Carly and then he stood up and took Andy to her. Carly’s face lit up when she saw Andy. Dan handed him to her and Andrew started to cry a little louder. Carly scowled at him and shook her head.
     “Oh hush you, stop that crying!” She said as she smacked him on the bottom. His eyes popped wide open and his crying stopped. He stared at Carly like she had just done something terrible. She giggled at him and then she held him closer to her. 
     I told Carly to push a few more times just so the placenta would be delivered and sure enough after a few small pushes and twenty minutes, it came out. I grabbed a paper bag and put it in the bag, I planned to toss it in the fireplace or something. 
     Once Carly was done with everything, I took Andy and cleaned him up. Dan gave me a cap, a Onesie, a diaper and a blanket, Dan and Carly had purchased these items for Andrew a month ago. I put the diaper on him and then I put on his Onesie and cap and I wrapped him up in his blanket and took him back to Carly.
     We cleaned up a little in the room and Carly changed and took a quick shower, Dan helped her because she wasn’t feeling too good. I held Andrew while she cleaned up and then at twelve everything was cleaned up and Carly and Dan were ready for everyone to come and see the baby.
     














Chapter 21

     “Good job Selena.” Lapis complimented as we walked into the hallway. I smiled and shook my head.
     “Carly did all of the work, I just cheered her on.” I insisted. Lapis shrugged. 
     “Still, you were with her for a long time.” I sighed and nodded.
“What’s wrong?” Lapis questioned. I looked at him.
     “That’s going to be me in a few months Lapis, what if I can’t do it?” He chuckled.
     “Selena, you of all people can have a baby.” He said honestly. I nodded.
     “Yeah, but Carly was in a lot of pain.” I said making it obvious that that was what I was worried about. He frowned. 
     “Selena, don’t you know the Lord wouldn’t have made child birth the way it is if a woman couldn’t handle it? I think you’re right, Carly was in a lot of pain, but I assure you, it was the best pain she’s ever been in. I mean, that pain is what it took to bring her baby into this world, I think she’d do it a hundred more times for Andrew.” I smiled and Lapis licked my fingers. “You’re going to be fine Selena, you’ll have me and Alex and Carly and Jenn. I think I know what I’m talking about and I’m pretty sure Carly will know exactly how to talk you through it.” I smiled and pet his head.
     “I hope you’re right Lapis.” I muttered as I began to walk down the stairs.
     When I got to the living room, I saw everyone sitting around with tired eyes. Sammy was almost asleep and Britney and Randy were drinking huge cups of coffee. When Alex saw me, he stood up and ran to me. He greeted me with a kiss and then he embraced me. 
     “Hey, how’s Carls?” He asked. I smiled and nodded.
     “She’s great.” 
     “What about Andrew, is he ok?” Britney hoped. I looked at her and nodded.
     “He’s great too, he’s being spoiled right now by his Mommy and Daddy. That’s actually why I’m here, they said that you all can go and see him now. Wash your hands first though and use hand sanitizer. Also, go in groups of two so you don’t overwhelm them.” Randy nodded.
     “Yes Mom.” He said sarcastically. I backhanded him and smiled.
     “Do as you’re told son.” He smiled and then he and Brit washed up. When Britney and Randy went upstairs, we told everyone that they could see the baby so they all washed up and got in lines at the bottom of the stairs. John hadn’t kept his promise to me, as far as I knew, to talk to Alex about Violet and him. However, before I could nag him about it, he and Vie approached me and Alex. John flashed a hesitant, scared look in my direction and I smiled reassuringly at him. He gulped a little and then he looked at Alex.
     “Um, Alex.” He began. Alex looked at him curiously.
     “What?” He wondered. 
     “Well um, do you uh, do you hate me?” Facepalm! Alex stared at him and shook his head a little.
     “Um, no, why?” John exhaled.
     “Oh good, because I was worried that you did. I don’t want you to dislike me because… well, I don’t necessarily hate you too much any more. Although there is something that…” Violet sighed and both John and Alex looked at her. 
     “Vie, what’s up?” Alex questioned. 
     “I like John and John likes me.” She said bluntly. “John wants your permission to like me though.” Alex’s mouth was hanging open a bit and John looked more terrified than I’d ever seen him before… this was priceless! Alex stood there for a long minute almost glaring at John. Finally, when he snapped out of his long thought process, he spoke.
     “Out of all the people you could have liked, why my sister?” Alex didn’t sound angry, just confused. John shrugged.
     “I don’t know, but I do like her. I know that you and I have had our problems in the past and I’m not dismissing them, but, I’m sorry for them. I love Violet and I don’t want you to think that I’m liking her because I’m trying to get on your nerves. I want you to tell me it’s ok with you.” Poor John, he really did love Violet and I knew that he did. However, I also knew that Alex was stubborn so his reactions could go two different ways. Alex and John stared at each other for what felt like hours before Alex decided which way he wanted to go.
     “You’re not my favorite person John, you’re mean, arrogant and you can be lazy.” John nodded and looked down. “And, if you were the same John that you were before Selena and I left, I’d say there was no way in hell that I’d let you even look at my sister.” John frowned and looked back up, he looked really sad. “But,” Alex began again, making John perk up a little, “You’re not the same John. You’ve changed, you’re different. I still don’t like you but it’s more of a personality thing than anything. I don’t think you’re a bad guy, I just don’t get along with you. Honestly, I think if anyone can keep you in check it’s Violet.” Violet, John and I all sighed in relief. I looked at John and smiled.
     “See, I told you he wouldn’t kill you.” I stated. Alex frowned and looked at me.
     “Oh, so you knew about this, did you?” I frowned and tried to think up an excuse. Before I could come up with an answer, Jesse came down the stairs.
     “The baby is adorable.” He said in his charming manner. He walked up to Alex and pat him on the back. “You should go see him before he falls asleep.” Alex looked from Jesse to me and then to the stairs.
     “Oh, alright.” He said in defeat. Alex went into the kitchen to clean up and Vie and John followed him. When it was just me and Jesse, I gave him a thumbs up.
     “Thank you.” I whispered. He smiled and nodded. 
     “You’re welcome.” He whispered back. We walked over to the couch and I sat down. Jesse sat on the couch across from me. “So, how are you feeling?” He asked. I nodded. 
     “I’m great today, thanks.” He chuckled and shook his head.
     “That’s not what I meant but that’s good too.” 
     “Well then what did you mean?”
     “How are you?” He repeated. “Happy, sad, angry?” I nodded, understanding now.
     “I uh, I’m tired.” I said as a yawn crept up on me. Jesse frowned.
     “When was the last time you slept, like really slept?” He wondered. I shrugged.
     “I got like five hours of sleep on Monday.” He frowned.
     “How about the rest of the week?” 
     “I’m fine.” I reassured. “Lack of sleep won’t hurt the baby.” Jesse nodded.
     “True, but lack of sleep could hurt you.” I frowned and shrugged.
     “I’m fine, really.” I promised. Jesse stared at me in disbelief and then he dropped the topic and moved on to another.
     “What about your hallucinations, are they still happening?” I nodded.
     “Yeah, they are, Lapis says that if they keep up until the end of the pregnancy it’s a boy.” 
     “It could still be a girl even if you’re seeing them in your last month.” Lapis said as he walked from the kitchen to the stairs.
     “It’s a boy.” I argued.
     “Don’t get your hopes up.” He said as he went upstairs. I scowled at him and looked back at Jesse. Jesse was used to me talking to Lapis in front of him so he wasn’t freaked out.
     Once everyone had seen Andrew, all but Alex and I went to bed, we went in to talk to Carly and Dan. Carly had fallen asleep and Dan was cuddling Andy. We talked to him for a while and Alex held Andrew. Around one thirty Alex grew tired so we headed to our room to get to sleep.
     The rest of December flew by like nobody’s business. Sooner than expected it was 2013! Well, the world didn’t end on December twenty-first, I didn’t figure it would. We had to postpone moving because of Andrew but we were out of the house in Fairbault and headed to Darlington, Wisconsin on the first of January.
     The month of January went by fast, we all enjoyed the heck out of ourselves with Andrew around! He was the most beautiful baby; he had curly dark brown hair and grayish eyes. Carly and Dan were placing bets on what eye color he would have by the age of one. Dan had hazel eyes and Carly had blue eyes so they were undecided. He was a very beautiful baby and everyone was extremely happy for Carly and Dan.
     By the end of January, my stomach was huge! I now knew how Carly felt when she was bumping into things. I felt like someone took one of those aerobics balls and shoved it inside of my shirt. Alex said he thought that my bellybutton was cute while I was pregnant, though I didn’t know why; it looked like any bellybutton, just sticking out more, I didn’t question Alex though. My insomnia persisted though that wasn’t a shock to me. My hallucinations persisted as well but came less often. I was always tired and I was grumpy all the time. I had to try my hardest to not yell at people, it took a lot of self control but I managed quite nicely most of the time; every now and then I would slip and scare someone half to death.
     John and Violet were ecstatic to be able to admire one another in public. Alex got extremely creeped out watching them kiss each other but after a few weeks he got better. He though it was irony that they had gotten together and so did everyone else.
     Jenn, Scott and Jesse were still searching for Nichole’s family, they were having no luck yet. Some times they would disappear for days at a time and then come back saying they had been across the country trying to find people. I thought it was useless but Jenn loved Jesse very much and wanted to help him. She still thought Jesse was lying to her but she tried to hide her disbelief.
     Carly and Dan loved being parents, I was their kid but it was different, I wasn’t a baby, I took care of myself so having Andrew was really fun for them. Carly was a great mother and I totally envied her. I knew I’d never be the same as her, she knew exactly how to work with Andrew and he loved her. Andy didn’t sleep though so Carly was probably more exhausted than me.
     Everyone was good, Britney and Randy were happy, Sammy was like the sticky glue that held us all together and John and Vie were great. Lapis, he said that the pulling feeling with me was growing stronger every day and he was finally starting to feel the way he was supposed to feel. He told me that when he fully felt the pull that he would become my guardian, he wouldn’t tell me what would happen after that so I feared that he would like die or something. He reassured me that it had nothing to do with death so I kind of left the subject alone.
     Andrew thought that Lapis was hilarious! No one knew why babies liked the things they liked but Andrew loved Lapis. Carly and Dan didn’t know that Lapis would never hurt Andy because they didn’t know he wasn’t a real fox, therefore, they wouldn’t let Lapis near Andrew. However, Lapis would walk into the room and when Andrew saw him he’d start to giggle and he was super happy. Lapis liked this so sometimes he’d walk into the room just to make Andy laugh. Carly and Dan soon found out that if they couldn’t get Andrew to stop crying they would bring Lapis into the room and Andy would be fine. “At least I feel important here.” Lapis would say.
     As January passed and it came February, Alex and I were totally ready for Seth to get here! We actually purchased a crib and some unisex clothes, I wanted to buy boy clothes but Lapis scolded me for trying to do so. Alex and I were so excited and so was everyone else, we were all ready, especially me. I had told Alex how I was afraid of the labor and he comforted me and told me that it was something that has been happening for thousands of years. I thought about it and childbirth wasn’t something to fear; what was so scary about bringing a new life into this world? As for the pain part, I’d been threw a lot of pain so just a few hours of it wasn’t going to be so bad, plus, the thought of Seth made me know it was all worth while.
     As the month of February passed by, nothing changed, John, Vie, me, Lapis, Alex, Jesse, Andrew, it was all pretty much the same as January. Everyone was happier than they had ever been! I could tell a huge difference in Jenn’s attitude, she seemed less stressed with Jesse being back and I liked the not stressed out Jenn better.
     We were in Bement, Illinois during the month of February, we were staying in three small houses outside of town. It was coming close to my first year with my family, I had a hard time believing that a year had nearly passed by, it all seemed so quick. Everything seemed right in the world until February twenty-eighth, that’s when everything changed.
     On February twenty-eighth we were packing up and loading all of out items into the cars. I was expecting Seth in about another week or so. We were getting ready to go to Warren, Indiana for the month of March. We got done packing everything around three in the afternoon. Carly and Dan had just gotten Andrew in the car, he had fallen asleep minutes ago. Carly walked up to me and Alex, we were traveling in and out of the house grabbing stuff. She caught us and then she pointed back at the car. 
     “Hey, Dan and I are gonna go, we’d like to get there before Andrew wakes up.” I nodded and set down a box. 
     “Sounds good.” I muttered. Carly tilted her head a little and looked at Alex.
     “Now honey, you’re sure you know how to get there?” Alex chuckled and nodded.
     “Yes Carls, I’m positive.” That was only the seventh time she’d asked us today. Carly smiled and pat Alex’s back.
     “Good boy, is Sammy coming with you guys or John?” Alex shrugged.
     “He can come with us, we have room.” Carly nodded and then she sighed. 
     “Well, we’ll see you there ok?” Both Alex and I nodded and she went over to her car and got in. Danny was already in the car so as soon as she was in they took off.
     As soon as they were gone, Alex and I went to talk to Randy.
     “Hey, I think Sam’s gonna ride with us.” Alex said. 
     “That’s gonna be a crowded car, are you sure man?” He asked. Alex nodded.
     “Yeah, we’re fine, I don’t even think Sammy’s done packing yet.”
     “I’m sure he’s trying to make his hair as perfect as possible.” Randy teased.
     “Oh yeah because hair has to look so perfect when you’re driving.” Britney joked as she shoved one last box into the trunk of the car. She closed the trunk and looked at me. “Are you gonna survive a few hours in a bumpy car?” She hoped. I smiled and nodded.
     “Well I’ll tell Alex to slow down to ninety, his motto is, the faster you drive the less you feel the road.” Everyone laughed and Randy shook his head. 
     “Well try to drive the speed limit, Alex, for everyone’s sake.” Alex smiled and nodded. 
     “Will do. Are you guys going to go now or what’s your plan?” 
     “Well if Sam is going with you guys we might as well go now. Vie and John are in the car so we’ll get going.” Alex nodded.
     “Alright, we’ll see you later.” Randy smiled and then he and Britney got into their car. A minute later, they started the engine and drove away.
     Once they were gone, Alex and I went into the house. Jenn, Jesse and Scott were all sitting on the floor looking over papers. 
     “Well, maybe instead of Booth being family, maybe it’s Davis.” Scott suggested. Jesse shook his head.
     “No, no, it can’t be Davis, he was related to Quinn and Ella.” Jesse said as he stared at the papers.
     “Well it has to be one of them, if it’s not Booth and it’s not Davis then we’re right back where we began. I swear, this is intolerable! The bloodline didn’t jus stop, they didn’t die, I know they didn’t!” Jenn frowned and clenched her fist. “How does a person just disappear like this?” She yelled. Jenn shoved the papers out of her way and then she stood up, furious. She looked over at me and saw both me and Alex staring at her. She frowned. “What?” She asked. Alex half smiled and looked down the hallway. 
     “Sammy come on we’re leaving in ten minutes.” Alex hollered.
     “Everyone’s already gone?” Jenn asked, clearly out of it. I nodded. 
     “Yeah, they just left. You might have to call it quits on your search team for the day.” Jenn chuckled and looked back at Jesse. 
     “Alright, get everything gathered up.” Scott and Jesse nodded and began to gather up the papers.
     After ten minutes all of the stuff was in the car and we were ready to go. Lapis was waiting in the car patiently. As we stood around the car waiting for Sam, Alex grew impatient and he went into the house to get him. We waited a few minutes before Alex exited the house alone. He had a concerned look on his face.
     “Guys, Sam’s not in his room.” He mumbled. We all stood up a little straighter.
     “Did he go with someone else?” Scott suggested. Alex shook his head.
     “No, all of his stuff is still here.” I heard a scratching sound coming from the inside of the car. I opened the door and Lapis hopped out.
     “Selena, Sam let me out to use the bathroom and he was waiting there but when I got back he was gone.” I looked from Lapis to Alex. 
     “Sam let Lapis out and then when Lapis got back to the house Sammy was gone.” Alex frowned and shook his head. 
     “Where could he be?” He asked himself.
     All of us including Lapis searched around the house and the yard area looking for Sam. We searched for fifteen minutes before people began to worry. Jenn and Scott took off to Lord knows where to find him and Jesse, Alex, Lapis and I stayed closer to the house.
     After twenty more minutes, Jenn and Scott had not returned and I was pacing around the house nervously. I wanted to call the pack but none of them had phones except for Carly and she shut it off because she didn’t want it to wake up Andrew. As I paced around the house, I felt my phone begin to vibrate. I pulled it out of my pocket and I answered it. 
     “Hello?” I asked hopefully.
     “Hello Selena.” A woman said kindly. I tilted my head a little.
     “Who is this?” I asked not knowing who the voice belonged to.
     “This is Nichole.” I felt my heart drop as I pieced together what was going on.
     “Where’s Sam?” I interrogated.
     “Oh he’s fine I just needed assurance.”
     “Assurance of what?” I hissed.
     “Well, you see, I need to talk to you and Alex and I figured that if I didn’t have some assurance or leverage you guys wouldn’t come and even if you did come you might try to kill me. I don’t want that.”
     “Well, we’re talking now.” I offered.
     “Yes, I suppose we are, but I actually need to talk to your husband as well.” I saw Alex walk by and I motioned for him to come here. He ran up to me.
     “Wha…” I held my finger up.
     “Well Alex is right here, I can put it on speaker phone.” Nichole laughed. 
     “Speaker phone won’t get Sam back home, just please here me out.” She didn’t really seem mean and I wasn’t too afraid of her, I knew better though. “I promise, no harm will come to you or Alex or Sam, I just need to talk to you, it’s very, very important.” I paused for a moment and then I sighed.
     “Where are you?” I asked begrudgingly. 
     “Look in your car, on the mantle there will be a piece of paper telling you how to get to me.” I nodded.
     “Alright, we’ll be there.”
     “Fantastic! Alright, I’ll see you in a while.” I heard a click and then she was gone. As I shoved the phone back into my pocket, I saw Alex, Jesse and Lapis staring at me.
     “What was that all about?” Jesse asked, seemingly knowing already.
     “Nichole has Sammy.” I said as I looked at Alex. “She wants us to come and get him.” Alex was silent for a moment and then he shook his head. 
     “No.” He said, shocking me. His response had caught me off guard and for the first time in a long time, I glared at him.
     “What?” I asked slowly.
     “Selena, you are pregnant, our baby is due any day now. I can’t just let you go see her, if anything were to happen to you…” He shivered and shook his head. “No, Jenn and Scott will go when they get back.” I put my hands on my hips.
     “When Sammy joined this pack he was our responsibility and right now he’s waiting for us.” I emphasized ‘our’ and ‘us.’ “Sam is probably scared Alex and he’s waiting for us.”
     “Yeah, but is Sam’s life more important to you than yours and our baby’s?” Alex asked. I frowned and looked down.
     “Please Alex, please.” I whispered. He stared at me with a torn expression and then he looked down at my large stomach. He frowned and looked back up at me.
     “If anything seems out of place we’re coming straight home and Jenn and Scott are going.” He said in a superior manner. I looked up, smiled and nodded a little. I gave him a quick kiss and then I ran outside. Jesse wore an unreadable expression, I wasn’t sure what he was thinking. 
     As I stood outside, Alex made his way out, however Jesse stopped him in the doorway. 
     “Don’t do this Alex.” Jesse warned. Alex was silent for a second before he replied. 
     “I can’t stop her from doing what she thinks is right.”
     “Why not?” 
     “Because if I tell her she can’t go that will only want to make her go more.” He knew me way too well.
     “You can’t do this Alex!” Jesse sounded nervous about something more than us merely talking to Nichole. He sounded like he knew that something far greater was going to happen.
     “Selena’s not a robot Jesse. I can’t stop her from doing the things she’s going to do, I can tell her my opinion, but it’s not my life.” He argued.
     “You see, that’s where you’re wrong. This is your life and Selena’s life and your baby’s life, are your lives worth dying over a stupid kid?” Alex scowled at Jesse and shook his head.
     “This stupid kid would be the first one to come if we were in trouble and haven’t you ever had someone you would die for?” Alex questioned both sarcastic and defensively. Alex shoved passed Jesse and he came up to me. The wind was cold and icy and it burned my skin as it slapped into me, causing my hair to fly around. Alex looked at me and then he looked back at the house. Lapis came running out to me.
     “Lapis, you have to stay here.” I demanded. He pouted and looked up at me.
     “But Selena, I’m your guardian, I have to…” I shook my head interrupting him.
     “I know you’re my guardian Lapis but you can’t do anything in this form and I don’t want you to get killed or hurt. Lapis, my baby is due in a week or so and I need you here when he’s born.” Lapis frowned and shook his head.
     “It could still be a girl.” He muttered, Lapis hated that I called the baby he because we didn’t know for sure. I smiled and pat his head.
     “I love you, now go inside, please.” He nodded and licked my hand. He then ran back into the house. I looked at Alex a minute later and he frowned at me. He held out his hand.
     “Let me see your phone, I’m going to call Jenn really quick, she and Scott need to know what’s going on.” I nodded and handed him the phone. He took it, gave me a quick kiss and then he took off into the house where it was quiet.
     I waited in silence for a few minutes before Jesse appeared in front of me.
     “What are you doing?” He asked sharply.
     “What are you doing?” I retorted.
     “Why are you doing this Selena, why?” He yelled. “This is stupid and pointless.” I shook my head.
     “Go inside Jesse, I don’t care if you agree with me but you’re sure as hell not going to get in my way.” He smiled.
     “I’m not going inside.”
     “And why not?” I asked, all my patience lost.
     “Because I’m not going to let you go alone.” I shook my head.
     “I’m not alone, I have Alex and you are not coming.” I insisted. He laughed.
     “Uh, yes, I am.” 
     “No, you’re not! Jesse, if I recall Nichole has a bounty on you so if you come she’ll have you right where she wants you.” Jesse shrugged. 
     “Selena, if I recall, all Nichole wants to do is talk, what’s the harm in that?” I glared at him and shook my head.
     “Alright, well what about you, you hate Nichole.” Jesse held his heart up to his heart like he was insulted.
     “Me, no, don’t be crazy. I don’t hate Nichole, I have nothing against her.” I half smiled at him.
     “Really, I thought you hated her because of the things she told Dedrick. She told him about your weakest points, your hopes and desires, the things that make you tick. She told him those things so that he could use them against you. Tell me why you wouldn’t hate her.” I challenged. Jesse stared at me with a hint of resentment in his eyes.
     “I’m fine Selena.” He said through gritted teeth. I stared at him intently.
     “Then swear to me right now that you are just coming to help us get Sam. Swear to me that you won’t do anything to her.” He was silent for a moment. “Swear it!” I yelled. He exhaled and his face went back to normal.
     “I swear to you.” I nodded and then I walked passed him. Before I got too far away, Jesse put his hand on my shoulder and he turned me back around.
     “Selena, when I was gone all of those months, I killed people.” I frowned and nodded.
     “I have too.” I comforted. He frowned and his face looked really pained.
     “The difference between you and me is that I knew the people I killed. It was a man, I killed him and his child and I left his wife to fend for herself.” I shook my head.
     “Why?” I asked, shocked.
     “It was because I wasn’t thinking, I was doing what I always do. I feel so bad because I killed them out of selfishness and I can’t fix it.” I stared at him, not really knowing what to say. “I feel so bad, so sorry.” He whispered. 
     “Jesse, we all make mistakes that we wish we could take back. The best advise I can give you is, don’t regret the mistakes you make, because those are the things you learn from. There’s no rewind button, you can’t take anything back so don’t dwell on what you can’t fix. If you spend your whole life thinking about the things you’ve done then you won’t have any time to think about the things that are happening.” Lapis had once given me somewhat similar advise and I thought that was advise that Jesse should know. He stared at me with silver eyes and he took a deep breath in.
     “Still, I’m sorry and I regret it.” I laughed.
     “Did you tell the man’s wife that you were sorry?” He stared at me for a second and then he nodded.
     “I did.” I shrugged.
     “Then that’s all you can do. Now shut up and get in the car.” I ordered. He nodded a little and turned around to face the car.
     I ran back into the house and Alex was pacing around the living room. He looked at me and then he came up to me and gave me my phone back.
     “Jenn left her phone here and Lord knows Scott doesn’t answer his phone.” He complained. I shook my head and bit my lip.
     “Are we going to wait for them?” I didn’t want to but I figured that we would. Alex stood there for a minute tapping his toe. Finally, he looked passed me at the door. 
     “No, we’re gonna go get Sammy.” He put his hand on my back and we began to walk. As we walked Lapis argued with me just a little more about coming so I closed the door on him to get him to be quiet. Alex and I then ran to the car to get out of the cold and then we looked over the paper Nichole had told us about. When Alex knew where to go, we began to drive.
     We left the house around four and we got to where we needed to be at six. It was a long, torturous drive and no one said a single word, it was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. Since Alex and Jesse didn’t speak it was a ride full of arguments in my mind. I was discussing what Nichole wanted and why Jenn and Scott hadn’t called back and how Sammy was doing. Most of the discussion was me guessing stuff. 
     At about six fifteen we ended up at this large, old warehouse, at least it looked like a warehouse. There was a large wire-mesh fence surrounding the building. We all got out of the car and then Alex circled around it to stand by me. 
     “Now, if anything seems off then we’re…”
     “Leaving, I know.” I finished for him.
     “Pff, if suspicion is what’s gonna make you guys leave then you might as well leave now.” Jesse said as he gazed at the large building. He had a point, it was a creepy, old, rundown building. Jesse walked away as he stared at the fence.
     When Jesse was gone, Alex looked at me with comforting eyes.
     “Sammy’s gonna be fine, you know that, right?” I nodded a little.
     “Yeah.” I babbled. Alex gave me a hug and then he gave me a big kiss and let me go.
     Alex and I walked over to Jesse who was looking around the fence for an opening. He looked back at us and shrugged. 
     “If it’s alright with you guys, I can tear the fence so we can get in.” Alex nodded and then Jesse began to make a hole in the fence.
     A few minutes later, Alex, Jesse and I were in the yard that had been behind the fence. We searched for an entrance inside and we found the front door in about five minutes. It was getting dark and it was very cold now. I wondered if babies ever knew about the weather, I doubted it, but being out in the cold sure made Seth move around a lot more.
     When we were inside of the building, I wished I could go back outside. It was just as cold in here as it was outside and it stunk, it smelled musky. Also, it was dark, very dark. The worst part about the building was the silence, that killed me more than anything. The only noises you could hear were the creaking of the building and the wind from outside.
     We searched around the building for ten minutes until we saw a room with lights on in it. We stared at the light and cautiously entered the room. When inside, I had to blink a few times to adjust my eyes to the light. When I could see, I saw Sammy standing in the middle of the room, he was chained up to a large pillar in the middle of the room. I smiled and began to run to him.
     “Sam!” I exclaimed. I came to a halt as Nichole appeared by his side. Alex and Jesse were next to me and we all just stared at her. Nichole looked exactly as she had in my dreams, my attention shifted to her eyes and I stared at them. I now knew what everyone had been talking about with our eyes, they were exactly the same in every way but other than that we were polar opposites. 
     We stood in silence and Alex took a step in front of me. Nichole looked from Alex to me and then to Jesse. She smiled and took a polite step forward.
     “Jesse.” She greeted. “You know, some people have been to Hell’s Gate and back looking for you.” Jesse nodded a little.
     “Yeah, I actually took the express lane so, unfortunately, I was unable to make it to Hell’s Gate.” He shrugged and half smiled. “Sorry.” Nichole rolled her eyes and looked at me and Alex. She smiled and then began to speak again.
     “Alex, Selena, you are actually the people I need to talk to, I suppose Jesse just wanted to tag along.” My eyes went from Nichole to Sammy. He didn’t look scared like I had imagined he would be, he just looked disoriented for the most part. Nichole followed my gaze and then she saw Sammy. She nodded and looked back at me. “Oh, right, your dog, you can have him back as soon as I’m done talking with you.” We stood quietly for a minute before Alex finally spoke up.
     “Alright, what do you need to talk to us about?” He wondered. Nichole smiled and clapped her hands together. 
     “Well, first, I would like to personally thank you Selena. If it wasn’t for you I wouldn’t have this wonderful occupation.” She smiled politely at me and then she looked at Alex. “Secondly, I would like to share with you guys my life story, trust me, it will be worth the while.” She smiled and began. “A long time ago, I was human. I was seventeen when I fell in love for the first time.” Jesse grew tense at her cold words. “I fell in love with Jesse, I later on figured that out to be a mistake. We were in love for about two years and we were to get married, however, a little problem occurred… I died.” She looked at Jesse for half a second and then she looked at me and Alex. “You see, Jesse killed me.” I shook my head.
     “No, that’s not true, Dedrick killed you and he tricked you into thinking that it was Jesse’s fault.” I argued in his defense. Nichole nodded.
     “Oh, yes, I know that Dedrick lied to me, in fact, that wasn’t the first or the last time he would lie to me. You see, right after I was turned, Dedrick took me in and he taught me what I needed to know about being a vampire. He wanted me to stay and help him, so to speak. I graciously declined his offer and went on my way. I went to my cousin Brooke, I assume you knew that she is a shifter and she was pregnant. Well, Brooke would be killed if she kept the child and I wanted a family so I stayed with her until she had the baby and then she gave him to me and I was on my way. Well, I raised the boy like he was my own, life was wonderful until Joseph got the shifter gene inherited from his mother. He knew what I was and I explained to him what he was. Joseph was a dreamer and he wanted to help fight against Dedrick so he left me to form a pack. After he left I waited more than twenty years for him to return, but he never did.”
     “After twenty odd years, Dedrick came to me and he told me that Jesse had killed Joseph and that’s why he hadn’t come back. That is when my hatred for both Jesse and Dedrick returned. What else could go wrong, what else could they take from me?” I frowned and shook my head.
     “Well, didn’t you look into finding Joseph yourself?” I asked, not understanding why she wouldn’t do this. She sighed and nodded.
     “Of course I looked into it for myself, however, back then there’s not a lot you can do to find people.”
     “So to answer your question, I searched for months for any sign of Joseph. I started where he told me he was going when he first left and I traced it as far back as I could but it was just useless. Eventually, I gave up.” Alex frowned.
     “Jesse didn’t kill Joseph, Nichole.” Alex swore. Nichole smiled and nodded.
     “Oh yes, I know that.” She said casually. Jesse’s face went blank.
     “How?” He croaked. Nichole looked at him with cold eyes.
     “Because I found my family dear Jesse.” She hissed.
     “A few years ago I decided that I wanted to try searching again for my family, this would be my fourth attempt but with all of the technology the world has to offer now, I thought it would be a breeze. I looked for a whole year though and discovered that even with newer technology I couldn’t find my family. I gave up looking on my own but I was still determined to find my family. So, I decided to give Recluse a call and I hired him to find my family for me.” Jesse shook his head.
     “No, no, Recluse didn’t know you were alive.” He said surely. Nichole laughed.
     “No Jesse, Recluse was just a really good liar, I paid him not to tell anyone about me.” Nichole turned back to me and Alex a moment later. “Recluse came back to me months later and, to my surprise, he had done it, he had found my living heirs. The day I knew that I actually had family, I took off to go and find them, I had two living heirs at the time. You see, I supposedly had four heirs but two of them had died so it was just a mother and her daughter. So I went to my heirs and I met them, but, there were complications.” Nichole now looked directly at Alex. “You see, the mother was in a coma that she could never come out of so, technically, the only heir was the daughter, Violet.” Nichole stared at Alex and Alex stared back with an open mouth. She nodded and then sighed. “Yes, unfortunately, there wasn’t much I could do to help my family, however, I offered to pay for Karen’s medical bills. I wanted so badly to help more than that but I couldn’t do much, I never did tell the girl that I was related to her. After I met my family, I left them in peace and a few years later, Dedrick wished to see me and speak to me about something important. Now I had no interest in seeing him but he requested my coming more than once so I decided to see what he needed. When I went to Dedrick, I saw you there Alex and you looked so familiar though I had never met you. You looked so much like Karen and Violet, I knew it couldn’t be coincidental. I planned to go over my family line once more just to be thorough but at the time, Dedrick was training me up and teaching me what I had to do to take over. Well, after I was trained up, Dedrick died and then I really couldn’t look into my family line. Dedrick was very sloppy, perhaps because he had been doing this for so long. Well, four months later when I was organized and knew what I was doing, I began to search, I knew that your name was Alex Carter and it matched Violet and Karen’s last name so I knew exactly where to start.” I stared at Nichole and shook my head.
     “Well, why on earth did Recluse think Alex was dead?” I questioned. Nichole laughed.
     “Because Alex’s no good father made death statements for both Alex and Jared Carter declaring them dead.” She shook her head in disgust and then she spoke again. “Now when I began to look through my family line, I started from the top, like I said, I wanted to be thorough. Well, everything was going fine until I got to the forth generation down, that’s when the names on the list Recluse had given me began to change. I thought this was weird but every name after that third generation was different. When I got down to my living heirs, it said there was none. So when that happened, I came to a conclusion that either Recluse had been lying to me, and I found that a worst case scenario or, someone had messed up the files for some reason. So, instead of looking into my whole family history, I then looked into Alex’s history and you know what the strangest thing was?” She asked not expecting a reply. “The Alex Carter I was looking for was not on record. Everything about you was gone, I was suspicious at this point more so than I had been before. The only things I had on Alex Carter were the copy of the death certificate that Recluse had given me, your marriage license and marriage certificate. Well, after comparing these things, I knew for a fact that you were my heir, now the only question left was, where did everything on my family go?” Alex stared at Nichole and shook his head.
     “Where was everything? My driver’s license, birth certificate, social security?” Nichole shrugged.
     “I didn’t know, everything had been erased, it was all gone, well, all but your death certificate, marriage license and marriage certificate.” I shook my head, bewildered. 
     “Why would someone want to erase Alex?” I wondered aloud. Nichole smiled.
     “Now we’re thinking!” She enthused. She looked over at Jesse. “Would you like to tell them love or shall I?” Alex and I both looked at Jesse who just stood there silently. Nichole shrugged after a moment. “Fine, I’ll tell.” Nichole looked back at me and Alex with a wickedly happy smile on her face. “Do you know what Jesse was doing in those months he was gone?” She asked. Alex nodded.
     “Yes, he was looking into your past.” Nichole nodded.
     “Indeed he was and while he was doing so he discovered more than he bargained for. Jesse, after two months figured out that Alex was in my blood line, Jesse also knew that if I knew you were my family no harm would come to you or Selena. Well, keeping you safe wasn’t exactly his intention. You see, when I was with Dedrick, he made me rethink my original plan, I planned to just kill Selena but Dedrick convinced me that keeping her alive would be far greater a torture than just killing her, for Jesse at least it would be. I planned to kill Alex while Selena was in wolf form so that Alex would die and Selena would be a human, a fragile thing to toy with and there would be no strings tying me down. This is exactly what Jesse wanted. Jesse wanted Alex dead because if there is no Alex who is dear, sweet Selena going to turn to?” She looked at Jesse. “To you of course.” Nichole looked back at me and Alex. “Jesse made sure that I would never know that Alex was family and he made sure that he’d have an excuse to feed to Jenn. He knew all along, the names on the list were fakes that’s why they weren’t getting anywhere, he just needed her to be distracted from what was really going on. Oh his plan was so perfect, well, except for two tiny details. One, Jesse had no clue that Recluse had already looked into it for me, a major screw up on Jesse’s part. Secondly, your guys’ marriage license and certificate. He had no clue that you guys had gotten married so those were the flaws. Now, those little errors,” she said as she began to release Sammy, “They messed everything up.” Nichole kissed Sam’s head and pushed him towards us. Sammy ran up to me and Alex and we all stared at Jesse with horrified looks on our faces. “Yes, Jesse wanted Alex dead but he wouldn’t do it himself I mean, why would Selena love the man that killed her husband?” She asked, tauntingly. I looked at Jesse and a tear fell from my eye. I shook my head at him.
     “Jesse, is this true?” I whispered under my breath. He looked at me for a short second and then he looked back at Nichole. She sighed.
     “Tsk, tsk, tsk, you know the saddest part for him is that I was going to let it all go. I was going to let Jesse live in peace, I mean he hadn’t killed Joseph and it wasn’t his fault that I died. However, now,” she shook her head, “There’s no way in hell! He tried to make me kill my family, family is everything to me, they’re all I had when I turned so they mean a lot to me. It saddens me that Jesse would trick me into killing you Alex, my heir.”
     We all stood there for a moment and then Jesse looked from Nichole to Alex, Sammy and me. Nichole laughed.
     “Don’t look at them, why would they help you now?” She taunted. Jesse looked at Nichole once more and he looked furious. A second later he looked at Sammy and then Sam was in wolf form running at Nichole. It all happened too fast to do anything about it, but Sam charged at Nichole, she didn’t think anything of it until Sam bit down on her wrist. She shrieked in pain and a moment later her left hand fell to the ground and blood began to spill from her wrist. Nichole then reached into her coat and she pulled out and object and pierced it into Sam’s chest. Sammy fell onto the floor and shifted to human form. I blinked and then Nichole was behind us.
     “Sam!” Alex yelled as he ran to him. I looked back at Jesse and Nichole, my mouth wide open.
     “Well Jesse, you want to kill me do you? Well a kid isn’t gonna be able to do it, you’re never gonna see me again so… think fast.” I blinked again and then Nichole was gone. I looked from Jesse to Sam and then back to Jesse. 
     “Jesse, Sam’s hurt, please!” I begged. He looked from me to where Nichole had been and then back to me. His eyes turned silver and a single tear fell from his eye, the moment that tear hit the floor, Jesse was gone.























Chapter 22

     “Selena!” Alex yelled. “Come here now.” He demanded. I stood there frozen, staring at the doorway. I felt a single, angry tear fall from my eye and then I shook it off and ran over to Alex and Sam. I knelt down by Sammy and he looked at me, his faced was a mix of pained and shocked. I frowned and looked at the weapon in his heart. Alex grabbed it and he pulled it out. He set it aside and then he touched Sam’s face.
     “Hey, shift Sam, you’ll be fine but we need you to shift bud.” Sam looked from Alex to his chest and he shook his head.
     “Can’t.” He coughed. I looked at the weapon and observed it. It looked like a Phillips Screwdriver but thicker than a normal one. On the metal part of the weapon there were little holes everywhere and at the tip of the hilt there was a pressure button. I assumed that when Nichole stabbed the weapon into Sammy she hit the button and little silver splinters were shot into him. I felt my face and my heart sink as I realized there was nothing we could do for Sammy. I began to cry as I watched him taking short pain filled breaths. I cried and stroked his face.
     “Hey, you’re going to be ok.” I promised, trying to keep it together. Sam nodded a little and then he looked over at Alex. 
     “You guys came.” He croaked, he sounded like he was in a lot of pain. Alex nodded.
     “Of course we did, you’re you, I don’t know anyone who wouldn’t have come.” Sam half smiled and took a small breath in.
     “I’m sorry.” He cried. “I didn’t want to hurt her, Jesse made me, he told me to.” Sammy coughed and a little bit of blood came out of his mouth. I felt a few more tears fall from my eyes as I stared at him. He looked at me and then at Alex and he shook his head. “Can’t go.” He whispered as a tear fell from his eye. Alex shook his head, his eyes were wet with tears much like mine. 
     “No, no, you can stay here with us Sammy, we love you.” Alex pleaded. Sam smiled a little and then he groaned.
     “I… I can’t breathe, it hurts!” He cried. I felt more tears stream from my eyes and I sobbed. 
     “I’m so sorry Sammy.” I said as I laid down by his side. He looked at me and put his hand on my head. 
     “I love you guys… so much.” He said as another tear fell from his eye. Alex and I waited another minute and then we didn’t hear breathing and the life was gone from Sam’s eyes.
     After Sammy took his last breath, I laid on the floor by him and cried, not being able to stop. I was heartbroken that Sam was dead and I was devastated about Jesse and everything Nichole had told us. I cried and sobbed and Alex stared at Sam with a horrified expression on his face; Alex had loved Sam very much so this was probably equally as hard for him as it was for me. I had loved Sam so much, he was like a little brother to me but I couldn’t bring myself to feel that same pain I felt when I thought Scott was dead. I don’t think that meant I loved Sammy any less but I was more prepare for his death in a way. With Scott, I hadn’t seen his death coming given what he is and how easily it happened; with Sammy though, I had known. The second I heard Nichole say she had him, I knew somewhere deep inside of my mind that he wouldn’t be coming back home with us. I didn’t want to admit this to myself but I knew before we left that Sam wasn’t going to make it and that Jesse was going to be the reason why. “If only I had killed him that day he returned, if I’d done that, Sammy would still be here. And why shouldn’t I?” I asked myself. “After all he’s done, he set up Alex to try and get him killed, he killed Sammy… why should I not track him down and kill him? He deserves no more than death! I swear I’ll kill him next time I see him.” I was furious and I felt like I was going to break my hands the way I was folding them into fists. I felt like I was going to scream just to release my anger but a tear of mine fell to the ground and I exhaled deeply. I released my fingers and dropped my hands to my side in defeat. “No, I won’t” I finally admitted. As much as I despised Jesse and hated everything about him, I knew that if I had the opportunity, I wouldn’t kill him.  
     After ten minutes of just sitting there crying and contemplating whether or not I wanted Jesse dead, I felt a weird feeling inside of me. At first I thought it was a Braxton Hicks but it was more than that, it felt different in a way. I took in a sharp breath and Alex looked over at me, thinking I was just sobbing. 
     “Selena, I know this is hard but we can’t stay here forever; it’s freezing and we need to go home.” I didn’t reply because I was deciding whether or not to tell Alex that I thought it was ‘time’. I looked up at him and then I shook my head. 
     “Please, just a few more minutes.” I begged as I sat up and wiped off my eyes. He frowned and nodded.
     “Ok.” 
     We sat there and I waited to see if the feeling would happen again and sure enough, fifteen minutes later, it did, this time I knew exactly what it was and I needed to tell Alex. I looked up at him and frowned.
     “Alex.” I mumbled. He looked from Sam to me.
     “What is it?” He asked after looking at my face. He stood up and walked over to me. “Selena, are you ok?” I took a deep breath in and I shook my head.
     “Alex, I need to get home, I think the baby’s coming.” I was terrified because I knew that Carly wasn’t at the house. Alex’s face went blank and then he snapped back into reality. Neither Sam nor Jesse mattered any more, all that mattered to him was me and the baby.
     “Wha… oh my, oh my gosh!” He shook his head. “What, what do I do?” He was freaking out.
     “We need to get home.” I said weakly. He nodded and spun around in a small circle trying to reach into his back pocket to grab the keys. When he got them, he helped me up and took a step forward. “Alex, get Sam, please.” I begged. Sam deserved better than to rot in an old house that was as dead as he was. Alex nodded.
     “Yeah, of course.” He said as he picked up Sammy.
     Alex and I went out to the car as fast as we could, it was windier than ever and it was icy cold. As we ran to the car through the dark yard, the chilly wind nipped at my skin and I felt a shiver run up my body and goose bumps appeared on my arms. In five minutes when we found the car, Alex opened it, got me in and then he put Sammy into the trunk. He then ran around the car and to me; he got into the car and turned the heater on high trying to warm me up.
     Alex drove as fast as he could but due to the weather conditions, that wasn’t very fast. We got back to the house around nine p.m., the car ride had been more torturous on the way back home than it had been going out there. I would have been fine with the contractions if I could walk around or something but I was stuck in the small car so I wasn’t comfy. Along with being uncomfortable, I was crying for Sammy, one second I would try and forget about what had happened and then the next I would start crying again. Alex was freaking out the whole time, not about Sam, but about me; he asked me maybe one thousand times if I was in any pain, I just told him ‘no’ to ease his frustration.
     When we got to the house, Alex parked the car and ran up to the front door. He knocked and then the door opened, Jenn and Scott were there and then he told them a few things. The next second, Jenn was grabbing some stuff out of the back of the car and Scott was by my car door; he opened it and I unbuckled. He smiled at me and held out his hands, I took them and he took me into the house. I was happy to stretch my legs a little bit. I didn’t talk while everyone ran around the house trying to prepare a safe place for me to lay. Everyone else was busy, everyone but Lapis, he approached me with a thankful look on his face.
     “I’m glad you are ok Selena, I was worried.” I smiled at him and shook my head.
     “We’re fine.” I promised. He nodded a little and then he sighed.
     “I’m sorry that Carly isn’t here Selena, but I promise you, you’re going to be fine. I’m here and Jenn’s here and Alex and Scott are here, you’re going to be fine.” I smiled and pet his head.
     “I know I will be Lapis, I know I will be.” I muttered.

_____________________________________________________


     It was ten p.m. on Thursday, February twenty-eighth. Selena had been in early labor for about three hours now, she kept telling me she wasn’t in pain but I had a difficult time believing that. Right when we had gotten home, Scott had put some wood in the fire place to heat the house up a little bit and Selena had gone to take a bath. I had to explain to Jenn and Scott everything that had happened with Nichole. Jenn was pissed at Jesse for what he had done, I was even more so. I didn’t care about him wanting me dead, that’s not what bothered me. The thing that bothered me most was the fact that if Nichole hadn’t found any of that out, she would have killed me, Selena and our baby, granted, Selena would have lived but Seth wouldn’t have, nor would have I. I didn’t understand why Jesse had done this, it didn’t make sense to me. Along with my anger about my and my baby’s possible death, I was furious about Sammy. Jesse had constrained him to attack Nichole, how could he have thought Sam would survive, he was a kid. I hated him with every inch of me and I didn’t know how I would react if I saw him again. As for Sam’s body, Scott dug a grave for him, I would have done anything to be there and to help him burry Sammy but with Selena in labor, this might be mean of me, but burying Sam was the last thing on my mind.
     For hours and hours Selena went through early labor, she was more tired than I had ever seen her and I knew that she just wanted to go to sleep. Lapis was with her everywhere she went. I often wondered what they talked about; I assumed that Lapis was talking Selena through everything though. She was terrified because Carly wasn’t here with her. Jenn reassured her that she had been a midwife before when her stepmother was giving birth hundreds of years ago. Now, this was a long time ago that Jenn did this but she remembered perfectly.
     Around one in the morning, Carly and Dan called, they were worried for us. I told them everything that had happened with Nichole and I told them about Sam. Dan was the one I talked to so he took it ok, he was scared to tell the others though. John would be the most sad, in my opinion; he and Sammy had been like brothers and they loved each other. I told Dan we would be at the new house in a couple of days. He asked if we wanted everyone to come back but they couldn’t get back in time anyway so I told them to just stay where they were. After I was done talking to Dan, I went and was with Selena the remainder of the time. Around seven in the morning is when Selena went into active labor, this part of the labor was the hardest for her. She was having a much harder time with her pregnancy than Carly had been; it scared me seeing her in so much pain. I asked Lapis if she needed to go to the hospital but he told her that she would be fine here.
     So, for hours I sat there helplessly, what can a husband do to help his wife, I could say, “Push honey!” But, I’m afraid if I said that at an inappropriate time I would get punched or something. Selena was in active labor for nine hours, these were nine hours of sheer pain for her. She didn’t talk much and when she did it was, “I’m thirsty,” or, “What time is it?” Other than those questions, the only other times she spoke was when she needed to translate something for Lapis. I knew that she was heartbroken about Sam and Jesse and everything that had happened and I believed that the depression she was in was why her labor was so intense. She was having a hard time focusing and she cried a lot.
     Around four p.m. Both Jenn, Lapis and Selena agreed it was time to start pushing. This is the part of the labor where Selena got more focused, I think it was because she knew Seth was close to being here. She was excited and she said it was a relief to push, honestly, I thought this part would feel the worst but she didn’t so I didn’t argue.
     At five p.m., Selena was nearly done pushing. I was sitting in a chair right by her and she was squeezing the life out of my hand. Scott was in the living room and Jenn was at the end of the bed waiting for the baby.
     “Selena, you’ve just got to push a few more times and then you’re done!” Jenn encouraged. Selena groaned and shook her head. 
     “Why is this taking so long?” She asked and she closed her eyes and pushed again. She grunted and then a smile formed on Jenn’s face.
     “Hey, ok, ok, that was good.” She looked at Selena for a moment. “I can see the baby’s head, just push one more time when you can ok.” Selena nodded and waited a minute.
     After another minute Selena nodded and then she pushed for the last time. A smile formed on Jenn’s face and she exhaled. 
     “Good job Momma.” She said as she took the clean towel I had put by her. I couldn’t see my baby yet, neither could Selena. Selene looked frustrated at not being able to have her baby right away.
     “Jenn,” she muttered, “how is he?” She asked after a minute. Jenn smiled and then she stood up, she had just clipped the umbilical cord. 
     “He? How could they think you were a he pretty girl.” Jenn looked at me and stood up with my baby in her arms. I felt my face go blank as I stared at her. She was beautiful, she was perfect, she was our daughter. 
     Jenn brought the baby to me and she let me hold her. I stared at her with wide eyes and a huge smile formed on my face. I felt my heart melt as I looked at her little nose and hands and feet. All of the plans I had made for a son, they all seemed trivial to me now. I looked at her beauty and I smiled. Our daughter was gorgeous, she had light brown, almost blonde hair and she had green eyes, just like Selena’s. She was so small and fragile, I didn’t ever want to let her go. However, Selena glared at me and then she punched my knee.
     “I have been in labor for almost twenty-four hours, let me hold my baby.” She threatened. I smiled and looked at her. I handed her the baby and then she exhaled deeply as she held her. Selena stared at out child for a minute and then a few tears fell from her face as she looked up at the ceiling.
     “Thank you.” She whispered. Jenn smiled, thinking she was talking to her.
     “You’re welcome.” I laughed and shook my head.
     “I don’t think she was talking to you Jenn.” She frowned.
     “Oh.” She babbled.
     After a few minutes of holding our baby, Jenn called Scott and he came into the room. She told him to get a bowl of lukewarm water ready, so he did. Jenn took of with the baby to go clean her up and she left Selena and I to talk. 
     Selena looked at me and smiled. 
     “She’s beautiful.” She cried. I smiled and nodded. I leaned over and gave her a kiss. Lapis must have said something because Selena moved her lips from mine and looked over at him.
     “Shut up Lapis.” Lapis smiled and then Selena looked back at me. “We decided that if it was a girl her name would be Guinevere Alexis Cater, is that still what you want because she looks like a Guinevere to me.” I smiled and nodded. 
     “Guinevere is perfect, she’s perfect, did you see her eyes?” I asked. She smiled and nodded.
     “Green, but you know that eye colors change, she’s gonna have black eyes I bet, eyes just like yours.” I smiled and held Selena’s hand. 
     “Are you ok?” I hoped. She nodded. 
     “Oh yeah, I’m great!” I smiled and gave her one more kiss.
     Five minutes later, Jenn and Scott came back in with Gwen all dressed and wrapped up. Jenn gave her back to Selena and she just held her and we all stared at her. 
     After Selena delivered the placenta, Jenn got rid of it and then Selena wanted to feed Gwen so we kicked Scott and Jenn out of the room. Selena and I had discussed everything and she wanted to breastfeed Gwen, I though that was a better idea than starting her off on bottles so she went for it. Guinevere wasn’t too hungry, she drank a little but not too much. Selena joked that she felt like a cow, I didn’t know what it felt like so I couldn’t argue with her. 
     After a few minutes, Gwen stopped drinking and Selena began to play with her. We were putting our fingers in her hands and she was holding them gently.
     At six, Selena asked if she could go take a shower so Jenn held and played with Gwen and I helped Selena clean up. Scott cleaned up the room and put new sheets on the bed so when Selena was out of the shower she could go and lay down. I suggested that Selena shift so she would heal up but Lapis encouraged her not to do so, I guess he said if she waited to heal on her own her next childbirth would be easier. So she wouldn’t be able to shift for a few days but she didn’t mind.
     When everything was clean, Selena laid down and Jenn gave her back Guinevere. She and I talked until seven and then Selena fell asleep. I was surprised, this was the first time she had just fallen asleep in a long time. She had to have been exhausted, I was and I didn’t even do anything. Jenn looked from Selena to me.
     “Alex, now that she’s asleep can we please hold Gwen?” I smiled and nodded.
     “Sure, don’t wake either of them up though.” Both Gwen and Selena were sleeping, I wanted Guinevere to sleep as long as possible so that Selena could get some sleep. Jenn smiled and took Gwen from Selena’s arms.
          After Jenn had Gwen, Scott and I went out into the living room. He looked at me and pat my back.
     “Are you as tired as you look?” He asked. I nodded.
     “Yeah, but I couldn’t sleep even if I tried.” I smiled and shook my head. “A girl, I can’t believe it’s a girl. Selena had been preparing us for a boy but Guinevere is beautiful, she’s…” 
     “Your daughter.” Scott said, understanding how I felt. I nodded.
     “I just can’t believe it.” I whispered. Scott smiled and pat my back again.
     “Well, are you hungry?” He asked. I nodded. 
     “Yeah, I’m gonna eat the rest of that cereal if it’s alright with you.” I hoped he’d let me have it, it just happened to be both of our favorite cereal so we may or may not have had to fight for it. Scott smiled and shook his head.
     “You can have it, I ate earlier so it’s all good.” I smiled and nodded. I went into the kitchen and poured the cereal into a bowl, I then poured some milk and began to eat. When I was about halfway done with my meal, I heard the front door open and then I heard talking. 
     “What the hell are you doing here?” I heard Scott ask. I put my spoon in the bowl and stood up, wanting to see what was wrong. As I entered the living room, I saw Scott standing by the fireplace, Jenn in the hallway with Gwen in her arms and Jesse was standing by the front door. As I looked at him I felt a shiver of rage run up my spine and I now knew what I would do if I saw him again. Jesse looked from Scott to me to Jenn and finally to Guinevere.
     “Oh my go…” Jesse couldn’t finish that sentence because my fist flew into his face. I hit Jesse so hard that he stumbled back out of the door. When he was outside I hit him once more, he didn’t hit me back, most likely because he knew he deserved this. I shook off my hand and glared at Jesse.
     “How the hell can you just walk back here like nothing happened?” I yelled. Jesse frowned.
     “Is Sam ok?” He asked, ignoring my question. I laughed and pointed to a freshly dug up mound of dirt. 
     “I don’t know, you tell me.” Jesse looked at the dirt and frowned. “Answer my question.” I said a moment later as Scott and Jenn came outside. “Why are you here?” I hissed. “How can you just come back to us Jesse?” 
     “I’m here to check on Sam.” He argued. I pointed at the ground again.
     “Well there you go, you know how he is now, now you can leave.” I ordered.
     “I can’t leave.” He murmured.
     “Oh, and why the hell not?”
     “Because I’m sorry!” He yelled back. It was silent for a minute before I began to laugh.
     “You’re sorry? Jesse, you are too far gone to be sorry.”
     “Do you think I wanted Sam to die?” He asked.
     “You constrained him to attack Nichole, what did you think was gonna happen? Did you think she was gonn give him a hug and walk away?” I shook my head. “No, you knew exactly what would happen to Sam so please don’t feed me any of your crap. I really don’t want to hear how you’re sorry and how you would like to fix everything! You lied to Selena, Jesse, you lied to her, you lied to me, to Jenn to Scott.” I paused for a second and stared at Jesse, madder than I had ever been before. “You know when you left the first time, Selena was heartbroken, she cried for weeks, she was so afraid that Nichole was going to kill you. It took her months to finally start to heal and then when she did heal, you, just like you always do, showed back up. So, right when you came back she started to trust you again; she let you back into her life and what do you go off and do? You lie to her and destroy what little trust she has in you. You know the worst part about your lying to us is that we all believed you.” I took a deep breath in and set my anger aside for a moment. “I trusted you Jesse, I thought that maybe you had changed and were serious when you said you were over Selena so I began to trust you. All of this, all of your planning and scheming was in vain Jesse! You know, it makes me sad to think that you were so desperate to get Selena to like you that you would sink down to killing me for it. I don’t give a damn that you don’t like me Jesse, I don’t like you either. The thing that frustrates me is that you don’t even love Selena.” Jesse stared at me with a guilty expression on his face.
     “I do love her.” He whispered. I shook my head.
     “No, you don’t, if you loved her you wouldn’t lie to her, if you loved her, you wouldn’t break her heart and you sure as hell wouldn’t try and take away the people she loves. She is my wife Jesse and I am her husband, I love her more than anyone could ever know so when people hurt her like you have, I find a reason to be mad.”
     “I had no clue that you guys were married when I did this.” He argued.
     “No, but you still knew she loved me!” I yelled loudly so that an echo was left in the air. I took in a very deep breath and then I exhaled, letting it all out. “I am so sick of you hurting her Jesse. It’s like you come into her life, make her trust and like you and then you break her. After that you disappear and then when you come back everything is better until you do it again.” I shook my head at him and looked back at Gwen for a moment, I shook my head again and looked back at Jesse. “I want you to leave Jesse, there comes a point when enough is enough and you have reached that point.” Jesse glared at me and shook his head.
     “So you want me to leave huh? Are you sure that’s what everyone wants or is that just what you want?” I looked back at Jenn and Scott.
     “Oh, I don’t know, what do you guys think, Selena hates him, I hate him, tell me your opinions.” Scott stared at Jesse and shook his head. 
     “Leave Jesse.” He said quietly. Jesse’s face dropped and then he looked at Jenn. A single tear fell from her eyes and then she shook her head. 
     “You couldn’t have just listened to me Jesse? Why, how could you do this?” Another tear fell to the ground and she shook her head again. “Leave Jesse, just go.” She cried. His face looked heartbroken as he looked from Jenn and Scott to me.
     “Leave Jesse.” I repeated. “I’m telling you as Selena’s best friend, as the father of her child and as her husband, I don’t want you anywhere near me or her or Guinevere. I want you to leave Jesse and never come back; if I ever see you face after today I swear I will kill you. I don’t care what Jenn thinks, I don’t care what Scott thinks, I don’t care what anyone thinks about you. If I ever see you after today I will kill you so fast that you won’t have time to think about running away again.” We all stood there quietly for a couple more minutes and then Jesse sighed and began to speak.
     “Don’t tell Selena I came back, I don’t want her to know that I ever came back here.” He muttered.
     “Assuredly, I won’t.” I said through gritted teeth. Jesse cast one more look at Scott who shook his head and then he looked at Jenn who hesitantly shook her head. He frowned and nodded. I saw his eyes turn silver and then a tear fell from his eye and onto the ground and he was gone.
_____________________________________________________

     Alex woke me up around twelve because Guinevere began to cry and he didn’t know what to do. I took her from Alex and I rocked her for a little and gave her love; she grew quiet after I sang to her for a little. After I was done cuddling her, she began to cry again and I decided that she was hungry. I fed her and then I checked her diaper, it wasn’t dirty so I assumed she had just needed some food. 
     After Guinevere was better, Alex and I played with her and watched her for about an hour. I felt great! That was the first time in forever I had slept and actually felt like sleep did something for me. Lapis had told me good job after I had delivered Gwen and then when we found out it was a girl he said, “I told you so.” However, after he saw Gwen, he became quiet and he left, he hadn’t talked to me at all since. I wondered what was wrong but wasn’t ready to ask him yet.
     Around one a.m., Alex, Jenn, Scott and I packed everything else up and then we decided to head out to Warren, Indiana to meet up with everyone. Gwen was happy and quiet so we decided it was now or never. Before we left though, we all had a small funeral for Sammy. I had been so distracted with giving birth to Gwen that I hadn’t been able to burry him, Scott had done it for us. We all said our goodbyes and that brought on more tears for me but I pulled it together for everyone’s sake. When we were done saying goodbye to Sam, we all went to the car to leave. Scott and Jenn sat in the front of the car, Scott drove and Jenn was telling him where to go. Alex, Lapis and I sat in the back and I was holding Gwen. When we were all in the car, Jenn grabbed a piece of paper off of the mantle and handed it to me. 
     “Here, this has your name on it.” She said as I took the paper from her. Alex turned on the backseat light and I began to read the paper. 
     “Dearest Alex and Selena, I’m truly sorry for the loss of Sam, it was never my intention that he get hurt so I’m sorry. I wish this could be a less formal card but there are matters that I must discuss with you immediately. I’m running things differently than Dedrick did, that weapon that I used on Sam, well Selena’s mother and father made it, it was their invention. I plan to begin having my vampires use these weapons when the shape shifters attack them. I know you will never think of me as family but that’s what you will always be to me. So, out of the fairness of my heart, I wish to tell you to leave. Please, leave your pack and get out of this game you guys are playing. I love my family and I respect you two, I don’t want to see you guys get hurt. Sadly, as much as I don’t want any harm to come to you, I will not stop what I’m doing just because of you. Get out, tell Violet to get out because things are never going to be the way they were, it’s dangerous. Raise your baby in peace and let it have a normal childhood, please. In your bank account is one hundred thousand dollars, perhaps I’m trying to bribe you a little, but use this money and buy a house. You can do it and your baby will have a normal childhood if you do. Sincerely, Nichole.” I refolded the noted and Alex looked at me. 
     “What is it?” He asked. I put a finger to my lip and I handed him the note. He nodded and read over it as we drove. When Alex was done reading the letter, he looked at me with a concerned face. I frowned and shook my head, indicating that we would talk about it later.
     We drove for hours before we finally got to Warren. The pack was staying in Warren so finding their house wasn’t so bad. We got there at about six in the morning. We had called Carly and Dan at five thirty and told them that we would be there soon so when we got to the house, they were waiting for us. Guinevere started to get restless during the end of the drive, I figured she was hungry and I needed to check her diaper again. 
     Scott parked the car in the driveway and then Alex, Jenn and Scott got out. Alex had slept a lot during the drive so he had gotten a little bit of sleep. Dan, Scott, Jenn and Alex all began to bring our stuff into the house, they were going to start setting up the crib right away. As for Carly, I got out of the car and she ran up to me.
     “Sweetie!” She greeted. I smiled and gave her a half hug, being careful not to squish Gwen. Once Carly was done hugging me, she looked at the baby and her face lit up. She looked at me with a grin on her face and then she looked at Gwen. “Oh my gosh, look at her.” She gawked. I smiled and handed her Gwen. Her grin widened and then she looked at me. “Oh baby, I was so worried for you, I wanted to be there so bad, how are you?” She asked. I nodded.
     “I’m good, I’m tired but I’m good.” Gwenn let out a small whimper and we both looked at her. 
     “Honey, she’s gorgeous!” I smiled and nodded.
     “She better be, it took enough effort getting her here.” Carly laughed and put her right arm on my back while holding Gwen in her left arm. We walked inside and then she took me to my room where Alex, Dan and Scott were all setting stuff up. Jenn was putting Alex and my stuff in here and by six thirty everything was ready. 
     When everything was done, Danny met Guinevere and they held her until she began to cry, that’s when everyone left and Alex and I locked ourselves in our room. Everyone besides Carly and Dan were asleep. I guess they had told the pack about Jesse and Nichole and Sammy and everyone had been pretty depressed. Carly said John took it the worst, he was the saddest of everyone because Sam was like his little brother. Alex and I checked Gwen’s diaper and we changed it for her. After that, I began to feed her and Alex began to speak with me.
     “Do you think we should show that letter to Carly and Dan?” Alex asked as he began to put stuff in drawers. I thought of it for a minute and then I nodded. 
     “Yes, we need to explain how that weapon worked to them, we all need to stop doing this every month.” He sighed and sat down on the bed by me. He smiled at Gwen and stroked her tiny head.
     “The vampire population is gonna go up if we just stop Selena, if all the shifters get scared and stop then the vampires are gonna go back to the way they were before shifters did anything.” 
     “Yeah, but if they don’t stop the shifter population is gonna go down and the vampires will still be going up. We can’t beat her Alex, the shifters can’t do anything if the vampires are smarter than us or stronger than us. They’re going to have to be the ones to stop Nichole, not the shifters.” Alex laughed. 
     “Do you think the vampires will go against her? She’s the new Dedrick, no one went up against him so I’m sure no one will go up against her.” I frowned, I knew he was right but I didn’t want to think about that after everything we had just lost.
     “It doesn’t make sense Alex, maybe Lapis and his people were wrong, maybe I’m not the chosen girl, I killed Dedrick sure, but it now looks like our chances of stopping the vampires is even worse.” Alex shook his head and kissed my cheek. 
     “We should show the letter to Carly and Dan after we get Gwen to bed.” He said, trying to change the subject. I nodded and looked at him.
     “What about us Alex? What are we going to do?” I questioned. 
     “About what Nichole said?” He inquired. I nodded and looked back at Guinevere.
     “I want her to have a normal life, the kind of life that you and I never had. Let’s face it, you’ve been in and part of packs your whole life, you never went to normal school or had normal friends and me…” I paused and shook my head. “I was in an orphanage my entire life.” I looked back at Alex with a hopeful expression. “I don’t want that for her and if we keep this up in this pack, in any pack, she’s gonna get both of our childhoods. She’s gonna be in a pack until we die and then she’ll go off to an orphanage.” Alex frowned and wrapped his arm around me.
     “Hey, remember we talked about this months ago. I don’t care what we’re doing or where we are so long as I’m with you. I think that you’re right, I think we need to get out not only for our own good but for Gwen’s sake. I want her to be happy just as much as you do, however, I just don’t know what we would do or where we would go. I’m stuck in sixteen forever, you’re stuck in fifteen, we don’t belong in society, we can’t stay in one place forever.” I bit my lip, thinking this over. 
     “What if we lived somewhere away from people?” I asked. Alex shook his head.
     “Even if we live away from people, what would we do? The money Nichole gave us is for buying a house and starting off. It’ll run out eventually.” I paused and I shook my head. 
     “I don’t know Alex, but, anything is better than staying here and getting killed.” He nodded a little and then he stared at me with curious eyes. 
     “What about Carly and Dan, are you willing to leave them and John and Vie and Randy and Brit? What about Scott and Jenn, are you ready to leave them?” He asked. I paused and nodded a little. I looked at him and nodded some more.
     “I’m ready, we’d need to tell them and I would hate that but I would go so long as you would.” Alex smiled.
     “And I’ll go as long as you’ll go.” I smiled as well and leaned in and kissed him. He kissed me back and then we both turned our attention back to Gwen.
     When I was done feeding Gwen, she fell asleep and Alex and I put her in her crib. We sat on the floor and watched her sleep for ten minutes before we decided that we should get up or we would sit there all day. We went to find Carly and Dan at about eight, everyone was up now and they all wanted to talk to us. We got stuck talking for another hour and then around nine everyone came into our room and looked at Guinevere, she was still sleeping so everyone just looked; I was sure there would be plenty of time to hold her later. After everyone was done seeing Gwen, Alex and I held Andy as Carly cooked food. I was starving so I was glad to eat. That day went by slowly, everyone was normal, everyone except for Lapis, he still didn’t talk to me and I didn’t know why.
     Around eight p.m., Alex, John and Vie were all playing with Gwen so I decided to go and see what was wrong with Lapis. He was in the kitchen eating so that’s where I went. When I got to the kitchen, I saw Lapis sitting by his food bowl eating his dog kibble. I sat down on a chair and I looked at him.
     “Hey.” I greeted. He swallowed his food and looked at me. 
     “Hello.” I frowned and shook my head.
     “Are you ok, I feel like you’ve been avoiding me today.” 
     “I’m fine, I’ve just been thinking.”
     “Well you always think but that never stops you from talking to me, why don’t you tell me what’s really wrong.” He half smiled and let out a long, drawn out sigh. 
     “Selena, I came here because of the pulling feeling I felt for you, I had to come or else I could lose my magic and be cast here onto Earth.” I nodded, already knowing this.
     “Yeah.” I murmured. 
     “I don’t feel that connection any more.” I frowned and felt like I had been punched in the stomach.
     “You… you’re leaving us, aren’t you?” This thought scared me very badly because I thought of him as my family and I didn’t want him to go. He half smiled and shook his head.
     “No, I can’t leave.” He said. I looked at him puzzled.
     “But the pull…” 
     “Was never on you Selena, I felt drawn to you after you and Alex got married because you two conceived Guinevere after your wedding. The pull, it’s never been on you.” Lapis looked at me, his eyes growing more serious. “I’m Gwen’s guardian Selena, I was never your guardian like I thought I was, I’m hers.” I smiled and shook my head.
     “Well… what, what does that mean exactly?” I wondered aloud. 
     “It means my time in this form is over.” I frowned again.
     “What, so you are leaving?” Lapis nodded and stood up. 
     “Yes, I’m going back to my people and then I’m going to come back here in my normal form. To be Guinevere’s guardian, I have to make a connection with her and if I make that connection in this form, this is the form I’ll be stuck in.” 
     “That’s why you haven’t talked to me or come to see Gwen?” I asked. He nodded and sighed.
     “That is exactly why and I need to get back as soon as possible so I can get back here.” I frowned and pet his head.
          “Lapis, if you come here in your normal form, you won’t be able to get back to your people, you’ll lose everything.” He smiled and shook his head.
     “On the contrary, I feel I’m gaining the world by coming here. Just promise me that I can stay with you guys so I can be with Gwen.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Of course you can stay with us, we love you Lapis, so much.” He smiled and licked my fingers.
     “I heard you and Alex talking, you aren’t going to stay in the pack, are you?” I shook my head. 
     “No.” I responded. “No, we’re going to leave here.” Lapis smiled. 
     “Well, then I need you to do something for me.” I nodded.
     “Of course, anything.”
     “I need you and Alex to be in Seattle in a week, can you do that?” He asked. I nodded.
     “Well sure, but why?”
     “I need you to visit Alex’s mother.” I frowned and stared skeptically at him.
     “Lapis, Alex’s mother is…”
     “In a coma, I know; just please promise me you will go.” I sat there for a minute thinking it over and then I nodded.
     “Alright, when do we have to be there?” I asked.
     “I need you to be in her hospital room on Friday, March eighth at noon. I need you to be there Selena, I need to find you when I enter this realm in my own body.” I nodded.
     “Ok, I promise we’ll be there.” He smiled and turned around. He began to walk to the door. I stood up and shook my head. “Where are you going?” I asked. He looked back at me. 
     “Home, I’ll see you in a week.” He whispered as he left the house through the back door.


















Chapter 23

     I stood in the kitchen, discombobulated as ever, the only thing that snapped me back into reality was Alex.
     “Selena!” He yelled. I shook my head, getting back into reality and I ran to our room nervous that something went wrong. I ran into the room, only Alex was in here now. He was holding Gwen up in front of himself distancing her from himself. I stared at him and felt a little giggle escape my mouth. 
     “What’s wrong Alex?” I asked, already knowing. He looked at me with a horrified face.
     “I think Gwen just used the facilities and I don’t think I can do it.” I laughed and shook my head.
     “You changed her pee diaper earlier.” He stared at me and shook his head. 
     “It’s not pee.” He said dramatically. I laughed and then I walked over to him and took Gwen. 
     “Did you use the bathroom?” I asked as I held her closer to me. She smiled and began to suck on her hand. I smiled and kissed her head. “Well, I think you scared your daddy, let’s teach him how to change your diaper.” Already I was talking like a moron… I loved it! Alex and I changed her diaper and got her cleaned up. Diapers didn’t gross me out too bad but I literally thought Alex was going to faint. After Guinevere was clean and happy, I talked to Alex about what Lapis had told me.
     “He said to meet him in your mom’s hospital room on the eighth at noon.” I instructed. Alex sat there nodding like this was a great plan. 
     “That sounds good, I’d like to see her, I mean, I know that she couldn’t talk to us but she’s still my mom.” I smiled and nodded. 
     “So we’re going?” I asked, a little excited, I really wanted to see Alex’s mom and I wanted to meet Lapis in person. I had imagined the way Lapis looked and if he was anything like the follettos I had seen in my dream, he was gorgeous.
     “Yeah, but we need to talk to Carly and Dan, it’ll take us about two days to drive there so we’ll leave on Wednesday morning.” I smiled but then frowned a minute later. 
     “Do you think they’ll be sad?” I asked not wanting to break their hearts. Alex nodded.
     “Yes, I think they’ll be sad but I also think they’ll be happy for us. However, we need to read them that letter so they know what they’re up against in future raids.” I nodded and then we stopped talking about the subject.
     In a few hours when Gwen fell asleep, Alex and I laid down and we went to bed. Guinevere was the opposite of Andrew, Andy didn’t sleep and she slept for hours at a time. Alex and I woke up at five the next morning when she began to cry, telling us it was time to pay attention to her. We fed cleaned and played with Gwen until six, that’s when we smelled food cooking and assumed Carly and Dan were up. We took Gwen and went downstairs. Jenn and Scott were up and Carly was cooking. 
     “Morning.” Jenn said when she saw us.
     “Good morning.” Alex and I greeted. Jenn stood up and walked up to us, she held out her arms and I smiled and handed her Guinevere, she liked Jenn so it was fun for both of them to be with each other. Carly looked back at me and smiled.
     “Are you guys hungry? We made plenty of food because John was waking up. I’m not sure about Violet or Britney and Randy.” I nodded and then she looked at Alex.
     “I would love breakfast, thank you.” He replied. Carly smiled and poured some food onto five plates.
     “Dan, breakfast.” She hollered. We waited and a minute later Dan entered the kitchen with Andrew. Danny sat down and Andrew was admiring the room, giggling as Danny tickled his tummy. I smiled at them and shook my head, Carly did the same thing as she placed food in front of everyone. After everyone had food and Carly was seated at the table, she looked at me and began to eat.
     “Have you seen Lapis today?” She wondered. “I called for him but he never came.” I frowned, I forgot that everyone would wonder where he went. I looked at Alex and he shook his head.
     “We haven’t seen him today, we thought he was with you guys.” Carly frowned, looking disappointed. 
     “I hope he didn’t take off, did anyone leave him outside?” She asked. Everyone shook their heads and she sighed. “Oh well, not much we can do if he’s gone and run off, I was surprised he stayed as long as he did.”
     “Well maybe he didn’t run off.” Dan suggested. Carly nodded a little and continued eating her food. 
     After a few minutes, Alex decided now was a better time than any to talk to Carly and Dan.
     “So guys,” he began, “I think Selena and I are going to go to Seattle.” Carly looked away from Andrew and at me and Alex and she frowned.
     “Why?” She inquired.
     “We want to go and visit my mom.” Carly smiled and nodded.
     “Right, so are you planning on visiting her and then coming back?” She asked. Alex frowned and shook his head.
     “No Carls, we’re not coming back.” Everyone looked at us with horrified faces.
     “What?” Jenn asked looking away from Gwen for the first time. Alex pulled the letter from Nichole out of his pocket and he read it to everyone.
     When we all knew what the letter said, I spoke up.
     “You guys, that weapon that my parents made, it’s dangerous; it shoots silver shards into you and once it’s inside of your body, you can’t heal.” 
     “So you guys are leaving because you’re afraid of that weapon?” Dan asked. Alex shook his head.
     “No, that’s not entirely it, I mean that weapon is very dangerous, but that’s not the only thing. Selena and I, we want Guinevere to have a normal life and she can’t have that if she’s in a pack moving around all the time. We want to do this.”
     “And that money Nichole left you, what are you gonna use it for?” Scott wondered.
     “We’re going to buy a house.” I replied. Everyone looked at me.
     “Where?” Carly questioned. I shook my head.
     “We don’t really know yet but that doesn’t change the fact that we don’t want to do the raid this month.”
     “We’ve talked this over you guys and if Nichole was serious about using this weapon, we want nothing to do with the raids. It’s nothing personal to you guys, it’s just a choice we have to make for the safety of our family.” 
     “We want to encourage you guys to leave too.” I said quietly. “I love you all so much and I don’t want anyone else to die.” Dan frowned.
     “Baby, we love you too, but if we just stop who’s going to help the humans?” I shook my head.
     “How can you help them if you’re dead?”
     “We can’t just quit sweetie.” Carly said with a sad face. Alex nodded. 
     “Yes, you can. You’re the pack leaders, you’re supposed to do what’s best for the pack and if there’s something that is going to kill the people in the pack then you need to think of them.” We were all silent for five minutes before John woke up.
     When everyone was up, Alex and I told them our plans and Carly and Dan planned to talk to them after we left and see what they wanted to do about the pack. Carly and Dan didn’t want to be in it for Andrew’s sake but they wouldn’t go unless everyone else left.
     On March sixth at six in the morning, Alex and I had all of our stuff packed away in the car and we were ready to go, Gwen was in her car seat sleeping and Alex and I were outside getting ready to say goodbye to everyone. I looked at Carly and Dan first. Carly looked like she was getting ready to cry but holding it back for my sake. She had Andrew in her arms and he was staring at the clouds in the sky. I gave my mom a half hug and she kissed me on the cheek.
     “I’m so proud of you.” She said with a smile on her face. I smiled back and shook my head.
     “Why?” I wondered aloud.
     “Because you’re leaving, you’re taking care of your family. You’re an amazing daughter and a great mother. Gwen and Alex are so lucky to have you sweetie.” I felt a tear form in my eye and I smiled and kissed her. 
     “I love you Mom.” I said as I let her go. She smiled at me and then she looked at Alex.
     “I’m proud of you too.” She reassured as she held out her arm. Alex smiled and hugged her tight.
     “I love you Carls, take care of Andy ok.” She nodded and then I looked at Dan. He smiled at me and I hugged him tightly.
     “I love you Dad.” I said sincerely. He kissed my head.
     “I love you too kid, be sure to take care of our granddaughter… and Alex, take care of him too.” I chuckled and nodded. 
     “Always.” He pat my back and then he looked at Alex.
     “Need I say anything to you?” Alex shook his head.
     “No I think I’ve got the basics down, watch Selena and Gwen, carry a first aid kit everywhere with me, just to be safe.” Dan laughed and gave Alex a hug.
     “We’ll miss you guys.” 
     “We’ll miss you too.” Alex said sadly. Dan pat his back and then we moved on to Britney and Randy. I hugged both Randy and Britney at the same time and then I looked at Britney.
     “Thank you for being such a good friend and trusting me.” I was grateful for all she had done for me. She smiled and nodded.
     “Well, you’re a pretty easy person to get a long with you know.” I smiled and gave her another hug. I then looked at Randy.
     “Brit said everything I was gonna say so I’m just gonna give you one more hug.” Randy said, I laughed and hugged him. After me, Alex said goodbye and it was pretty much the same, “We’ll miss you, we love you.” The only real difference was that Randy mentioned his yellow hat and there was something about a pinecone. After Britney and Randy, we went up to John and Violet. Violet immediately hugged me and I hugged her back.
     “Thank you.” She said happily. I looked at her, curious as to why she was thanking me.
     “For what?” I asked.
     “I’ve never seen Alex happier than when he’s with you so thank you. I love you.” I felt my eyes water up a little and then I squeezed her tighter. 
     “I love you too Vie.” She let me go and then I looked at John. He smiled at me and I hugged him.
     “Now, are you sure you can handle the stress of the real world, I mean, it’s a lot more than chasing vampires every month.” He said sarcastically. I smiled and nodded.
     “We’ll manage believe it or not.”
     “I know you will.” He encouraged. He gave me one more hug and then I let Alex speak his peace. Violet flew into Alex and wrapped her arms around him.
     “I just got you back and here you go leaving again.” Violet complained.
     “And here you go staying again, clearly one of us has to break our pattern and it won’t be me.” He joked. Vie smiled and held him tight. 
     “I love you Alex.” She said as she began to cry. Alex kissed her forehead.
     “I love you too.” Violet then let go of him and Alex looked at John. John held out his hand and both he and John shook. “Be good to my sister.” He demanded. John nodded. 
     “I promise.” They both smiled and then Alex gave him a half hug and we moved on. Alex and I walked up to Scott and Jenn, the last people we had to say goodbye to. Jenn frowned and held out her arms. I hugged her and then she let me go.
     “I really don’t want you to go but I don’t want to come off as the only selfish one here.” She complained. Carly raised her hand.
     “Selfish mom over here.” Everyone laughed and I looked back at Jenn.
     “We’re not moving to Mars you know, you can come and see us believe it or not.” She smiled and hugged me again.
     “I love you Selena.” I felt a tear fall from my eye and I nodded. 
     “I love you too Jenn, you’re my best friend.” She took a deep breath in, composing herself and then she let me go and smiled at me. I looked from Jenn to Scott and he held out his arms with a welcoming smile on his face. I hugged him and kissed his cheek.
     “I love you Scotty.”
     “I love you too Selene. Count on me and Jenn being there the day you tell us your home address.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Alright.” He pat my back and then Alex looked at Jenn. Alex held out his arms and gave Jenn a hug. She hugged him back and frowned.
     “I’m actually sad to see you go.” She admitted. Alex smiled.
     “Well, that’s unfortunate, really, it is.” Jenn smiled and then Alex turned to Scott. “You’re a way better hybrid than I could ever be, man.” Scott smiled.
     “And you’re a way better dad than I could ever be but I don’t see me being a dad or you being a hybrid in the near future so it’s all good.” Both he and Alex laughed and then they hugged.
     “I’ll miss you man.” Alex said. Scott nodded.
     “I’ll miss both of you, we all will.” Alex and I smiled and then we walked over to the car.
     “We love you guys.” I hollered. They all smiled and waved as we got into the car and drove away.
     When we couldn’t see the house or the pack any more, I felt a freedom overcome me, it was a weird feeling, but it was great! So Alex, Gwen and I drove for two days before we got to Seattle. When we got there, it was about three in the morning. We got a room in a hotel near the hospital and then we took care of Guinevere and went to bed. 
     We woke at nine a.m. on Friday, March eighth. We fed, cleaned and loved on the baby for a while and then we got some breakfast. At eleven thirty, we left the hotel and went down to the hospital, Alex seemed nervous though I didn’t know why. Maybe he was nervous because this would be his first time seeing his mom, or maybe he was nervous about how he would react when he saw her. We got to the hospital at eleven forty-five and then we told the people at the front desk that we were relatives of Karen Carter and wished to pay her a visit. A nurse took us up to her room. Before we entered the room, Alex froze in the doorway. I looked back at him.
     “Are you ok?” I asked, making sure he wasn’t going to die. He looked from me to Guinevere and he smiled at her; she was fascinated with all of the machines and people she was seeing so she was making goofy faces and sounds. Alex touched her face lovingly and then he looked at me.
     “I’m fine.” He said as he grabbed my hand. I gave him a quick kiss and then we walked into the room. The nurse said a few more things and then she left. When the nurse was gone, Alex and I looked over at Karen. She looked older than I had expected, maybe late forties or early fifties; I had always imagined her looking young but then I thought about it and if someone lost the shifter power their age would catch up with them. I frowned and looked at Alex. His face was unreadable as he stared at her. After a long minute of silence, Alex let go of my hand and he walked over to Karen’s bed. He sat on the side of it and he touched her face.
     “Mom.” He whispered as a tear fell from his eye. I frowned and I walked over to him. Karen was hooked up to a lot of wires and machines. When I was by Alex’s side, I rested my hand on his shoulder and he looked back at me. He frowned and looked back at his mom.
     “She looks so different.” He said under his breath. “Her age must have caught up with her when she lost her power.” I kept my hand on Alex’s shoulder and we were silent.
     We were quiet for five minutes, the only sounds were the beeping of the machines and the cooing and giggling of Guinevere. The only thing that broke our silence was the sound of someone clearing their throat. Both Alex and I looked back behind ourselves. In the doorway stood a man, he was maybe six feet tall and he had jet black hair. He was very pale and he had inhumanly green eyes. He was beautiful, even more so than I had imagined him being. Of course I knew who he was but Alex didn’t. We stared at him and I smiled, Alex stood up and tilted his head a little.
     “Who are you?” Alex asked not rudely but curiously. Lapis smiled.
     “I’m Lapis, Alex. We haven’t been properly introduced.” Alex smiled like me and then he went up to Lapis and shook his hand.
     “Hi, wow, you’re…”
     “Real?” Lapis suggested. Alex shook his head and then he nodded a little.
     “Not being able to talk to you for months was weird.” He admitted. “Why uh, why did you have us come here?” Alex asked. “I mean, don’t get me wrong, I’m glad to see my mother but…” Lapis nodded, interrupting Alex. 
     “Ah yes, well you see, I said there was no humanly possible way for your mother to come out of her coma, but fortunately, my kind aren’t human.” Alex’s hands dropped to his side and Lapis walked passed him and to Karen’s bed. He looked over his shoulder at me and Gwen and he stared at her, desperate to just hold her, however, he set his desires aside and focused on the thing he came here to do. Lapis sat down on the bed by Karen and he reached into his back pocket and pulled out a glass vial. In the vial was an unnatural looking substance, it was pink and lime green and it looked more like a gas than a liquid. Lapis took the lid off of the vial and he opened Karen’s mouth; he slowly poured the substance into her mouth and then her mouth closed and he put the lid back on the vial. Lapis stood up and walked over to me. He gave me a hug and I kissed his cheek.
     “How are you doing Selena?” He asked. I smiled and nodded.
     “Better now, how are you?” He smiled and looked at Gwen.
     “I’m good, I have something for you.” He said as he reached into his pocket. I stared at him.
     “What is it?” I wondered as he pulled his hand out of his pocket. He grabbed my free hand and he dropped something into the palm of my hand. 
     “It’s called a Claddagh Pendent. My people have picked certain things and designs that the humans have come up with and this is one of our favorites.” I stared at the item he had placed in my hand. It was a silver necklace chain with a pendent on the end of the chain. The pendent looked like two arms were holding a heart and the heart had a crown on it. There was a small Claddagh charm and then a little chain that dangled down from it and then there was the same pendent just slightly larger attached to the chain. In all, there were three charms connected to the chains and each charm got bigger than the last one. I looked from the necklace to Lapis and he smiled.
     “The heart symbolizes love, the crown symbolizes loyalty and the two hands holding the heart symbolize friendship. I brought this necklace back for you and Alex.” I smiled at him and I felt my eyes water up a little. I nodded at him and hugged him.
     “Thank you Lapis.” I whispered. He smiled and then he looked at Gwen. I smiled at him and handed her to him. The second Lapis touched Guinevere, I saw his eyes change to a normal, human looking green and his unearthly glow left his skin making him less pale. I knew that Lapis had made the connection with Gwen and he was now never able to return to his people. He didn’t mind though, he loved me and he loved Alex and he especially loved Gwen. He was happy and though being on earth wasn’t his plan from the beginning, he liked it much more than any other plan he’d ever made for himself.
     Alex and I watched Gwen and Lapis as they stared at each other and then we heard a sound from Karen’s side of the room. We all looked over there and Karen was moving her arms a little and yawning. Alex smiled and he ran over to her bed and sat down by her. I took a few steps closer to him and then we waited, watching Karen. Finally, a few minutes later, she opened her eyes and blinked a few time, adjusting her eyes to the light. She looked at Alex and then she froze. I watched as she sat up a little and her mouth dropped open.
     “Alex.” She whispered. Alex smiled and wrapped his arms around her.
     “Mom.” He said as he embrased her. I smiled and looked from them to Lapis. He looked at me.
     “Thank you.” I mouthed. He smiled, looked at Gwen and then at me.
     “Thank you.” He returned, happier than I was, which was pretty happy. I continued smiling and looked at Alex and Karen. Karen let go of Alex a minute later and she looked around.
     “Where are we? How… how are you here?” She questioned. I assumed she didn’t remember anything. 
     “We’re in a hospital in Seattle Mom, you… you were bit five times by a vampire and you lost your power.” Karen didn’t seem to mind the power thing.
     “You’re here.” She said as she placed her hand on Alex’s face. “I love you.” She said as she hugged him again. A tear fell from Alex’s face as he held her. After a few minutes of them embracing, Karen looked passed Alex at me and Lapis and she froze. She let go of him and looked at me.
     “Who are you?” She wondered. I half smiled and looked down shyly.
     “Mom, that’s Selena, I married her, she’s my wife.” Karen smiled and looked at me.
     “Married?” She stared at me. “You’re beautiful.” I smiled and looked up at her. Alex hopped up and ran over to Lapis, he took Gwen and then he came over to me.
     “Mom, this, this is my daughter, Guinevere.” Karen’s face went blank and then she stood up, the wires stopped her from moving anywhere so we went to her. She smiled at us and Alex handed Gwen to her. 
     “Daughter?” She whispered. She looked at Alex with teary eyes. “My son has a daughter, I have a granddaughter!” We smiled and the she put one arm around me and kissed my head. Alex wrapped his arms around all of us and he hugged us.
     After a minute, a few doctors came running into the room to check on Karen.
     “Mrs. Carter!” One of the doctors yelled. We let go of Karen and then she hande Gwen to me. “Excuse me.” He said as he pushed his way past us. Alex and I walked over to Lapis and we watched as the doctors began helping Karen.
     So a week went by and Karen was released from the hospital. She knew everything about Mike and Violet and Alex and I. Alex was happy that his mother was ok and so was I! Alex and I were growing used to Lapis being here in human form, we loved him and so did Gwen, she loved him especially. 
     As the weeks turned into a month, Alex and I were still undecided on where we wanted to go, but we had a clue. Alex had a grandfather on his father’s side who lived in Mississippi and he wanted to see about getting a house in Mississippi. I thought we should check it out so on April third Karen, Gwen, Lapis, Alex and I left Washington and headed for Mississippi.
     We arrived in Pike County, Mississippi on April fifth; Alex’s grandfather had lived here last Alex knew. We drove threw Pike County and I admired the land, it was humid but you have to remember that I lived in California most of my life, humidity wasn’t an alien thing to me. Around ten in the morning we got to Alex’s Grantfather, Pete’s house. We parked the car and we all got out. Lapis was holding Gwen and Karen came and stood by me and Alex. 
     “Did you ever tell Pete about Mike?” Karen asked as she looked at the silent house. Alex shook his head. 
     “I haven’t seen or talked to Grandpa in years so he might be surprised to see us.” I smiled and looked around. He had a lot of land though it didn’t look like he took good care of it. 
     “What does he do exactly?” I wondered. Alex shrugged. 
     “He’s a farmer sometimes, sometimes he works in town, no one knows with him. He’s crazy but he’s a good guy.” I smiled and shrugged. 
     “Well, it’s not helping us any just standing around.” I said as I took a step toward the house. We all walked up to the house and Alex knocked on the door. We waited and then Karen knocked on the door.
     “Pete!” She hollered. “Pete it’s Karen and Alex.” No one answered so Alex checked to see if the door was unlocked, it was so he opened the door and we went inside. I looked around curiously, there was no furniture around or anything. I stared at the empty room and I shook my head. 
     “It doesn’t look like anyone has lived here in years.” I mumbled. Karen frowned.
     “Hmm…” She said. She finally shook her head and looked at me and Alex. “Well, can you wait here, I’ll run into town and ask where he is, if he even still lives here.” Alex nodded and handed her the car keys. 
     “Yeah, sure, do you know where Lapis is?” He asked now noticing he wasn’t here. We all looked at the front door and I walked outside. He was holding Gwen and pointing at some wildflowers he was standing next to. I smiled at them and looked at Karen. 
     “We’ll be here, we’re gonna look around.” Karen nodded and gave Alex a quick kiss.
     “I love you guys.” She said as she walked to the car.
     While she was gone, Alex, Lapis and I looked around, it was nice, there was a ton of land, I wasn’t sure how much but the place was huge and the house was gorgeous. There was a lake maybe ten minutes away from the house, Alex said you could go fishing there. He and his family used to come here every summer with their pack and he loved the place. There was an old barn a little ways from the house, Alex said that his Grandfather used to have cows and horses and stuff. We had fun looking around until Karen came back.
     When she returned, she was in low spirits and we didn’t know why. She got out of the car and came to us. 
     “Hey, did he move?” Alex asked. Karen frowned and shook her head.
     “Honey, your grandfather died a year ago.” Alex frowned as well but he didn’t cry, he hadn’t known him that well so it wasn’t that great of a loss for him. “Also, I talked to an old friend in town, he said that the place has been for sale for a while but no one wanted the place so they kind of gave up looking.” Alex’s face perked up a little.
     “For sale huh?” He looked at me and I knew exactly what he was thinking. He flashed a hopeful smile in my direction and he held his hands together like he was praying. “Selena, hear me out ok.” I nodded and kept silent. “Ok, so this place is huge and it’s a ways from the town and there’s no neighbors. For work, my grandpa was a farmer and he got along fine. What if, well, what if we were to live here? It’s great, I mean I know the place has a little fixing up to do and it maybe needs a new coat of paint but we could do it!” He promised. “I could work really hard and what better place for Gwen to grow up in than here? I loved spending summers here and I could teach you and Gwen how to fish and…” I put a finger over Alex’s mouth and I smiled and shook my head.
     “Baby, we decided that we would be happy anywhere just so long as we were together, didn’t we?” He nodded and smiled a little. I looked back at the house and I looked it over. It was huge and pretty and Alex was right, it did need a new coat of paint, but it was home. I looked back at Alex and I nodded. “I say we go for it.” Alex’s smile widened and he kissed me, wrapping his arms around me and picking me up. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him back and at that moment, life felt normal, it felt right and we were happy.
     So, what did happen to everyone? Did we buy the farm, did Jesse ever come back, did Carly and Dan leave the pack? Well, Alex and I did buy the farm, we used up all of Nichole’s money and most of the money from Grams. We did good too, we lived there with Lapis and Gwen, and Alex, believe it or not, did become a farmer. We even bought a Greater Swiss Mountain Dog and named him Sammy. As for Lapis, well, we turned him into a shifter, it was what he wanted. Alex had bitten him and he was able to wait for Gwen to grow up. He loved her very much and I was positive one day when she grew up, she’d love him too.
     Karen stayed with us until we were all moved in and then she left us to go see John and Violet, they were getting married after all. They had left the pack and wanted to travel the country helping kids and people like Sammy who had been turned into shifters and abandoned.
     Jenn and Scott had left the pack as well, they had dreams of their own to fullfill. Scott had introduced Jenn to his family and they loved her, no surprise. They planned to get married at some point in life but for now, the blood bond was marriage enough for them. They visited us for a month every summer and we were more happy to see them every year.
     Britney and Randy left the pack too and they searched for Britney’s sister Angel. They found her and helped her get her life on track and then they went to college and became psycyatrists, helping people like Angel who needed a friend and someone to understand and talk to them.
     Carly and Dan, with no one else in the pack, well they went back to Carly’s home town and they visited her parents and took over their resaurant for them, raising Andy in Carly’s hometown. They were happy and so were her parents.
     After two long years had gone by, I still hadn’t seen or heard from Jesse, I thought this to be best though. You see, Alex and I, we weren’t angry at Jesse any more, we just felt bad for him. Jenn never talked to us about him and we kept it that way.
     As for Alex and I, you would never find two happier people, we loved each other and it would always be that way. We had a beautiful daughter who we loved and we had Lapis, someone besides us who would die for Gwen. We were a small family of four living on a large, happy farm.
     Sometimes I thought back to where my life really began, I was an orphan and Carly and Dan found me. They took me in and then Alex turned me into a shifter. I then met Jesse and he helped me find out the truth about my parents. I killed Dedrick and then Jesse left. Nichole then took over and Alex and I married and we had a beautiful daughter who meant the world to us. I was often very grateful to Jesse for lying to me, if he wouldn’t have lied to me who knows if I would be where I am now. I loved the life I lived, I loved the place I was in and the people that surrounded me. I loved being part of the real world, it made me happy. But, above all else, I loved my husband, I loved Alex. He was the best thing that had ever happened to me and I wouldn’t trade him for the world. We loved each other. Well, what else can I say? We were all happy and content but more importantly, we were a family.















Epilogue

     Nichole opened the large, sealed doors and she walked into the hot room. The lights were dim and the sounds you could hear were horrendous; the sounds were of crying and moaning and screaming. The sounds were coming from behind the bars and down into the pits where the werewolves were being held. Nichole walked swiftly down the long hall down to the last pit at the very back. She looked at the bars and then she composed herself. She reached for the door and opened it. She walked in and then she closed the door behind herself. Nichole looked over the edge of the pit and she jumped into it. A man at the bottom saw her and he ran to a corner as far away from her as possible.
     “Please don’t kill me!” He begged. Nichole frowned, she had an essence of compassion about her. She took a step closer to the man.
     “No, no,” she began, “I’m not here to hurt you.” She reassured. “I’m not one of them.” The man stared at her and then he looked up at the top of the pit and then at her.
     “You jumped down here, only the vampires can do that.” She nodded.
     “Well yes, I’m a vampire but I’m not going to hurt you.” The man stood up a little straighter and crossed his arms. 
     “Who are you?” He interrogated.
     “My name is Nichole, what about you?” She asked.
     “Jeremy.” He muttered. Nichole smiled kindly at him. They both stood there staring at each other for a few seconds before Jeremy spoke up.
     “How are you going to help me?” He asked.
     “I’m going to get you and the others out of this prison.” Jeremy stared at her in disbelief 
     “Why are you helping us?” He wondered. 
     “Because I don’t want you to have to suffer any more.” The man chuckled and shook his head. 
     “I have to turn into that beast every month, you can’t help me.” He said surely. Nichole shook her head.
     “Can I not? I can take it away, I can make it so you don’t have to turn into a wolf every month on the full moon.” Jeremy took a hopeful step forward, believing every word she said. 
     “How?” He asked.
     “Tell me first, what would you do for me if I did this for you? If I made it so you never had to turn again, what would you give me?” She wondered. Jeremy shook his head.
     “Anything, I would do anything.”
     “Anything… like help me?” She asked with a wickedly deceiving look on her face.
     “Help you with what?” He asked. She took a few more steps forward until she was right in front of him. She seductively wrapped her arms around his neck and she put her mouth by his ear.
     “I can take this all away, I can get you out of here and make it so you never have to turn again… my price is simple.” 
     “What’s the price?” He whispered weakly. Nichole smiled at him and began to speak again.
     “The humans are the reason you have been locked up in here. They sold you out to Dedrick in fear of their own lives. I simply wish to make them pay for the things they have done to you and everyone else in here.” Nichole and Jeremy stood inches away from each other and the woman began to speak one last time. “Help me with my task, help me destroy the humans,” she put her lips on the corner of Jeremy’s mouth and she tauntingly ran them down his face and neck, “Do this and everything your little heart desires will be yours.” The man closed his eyes trying to stay focused but he gave in.
     “Anything?” He asked as he opened his eyes and stared at the woman. She nodded and then he smiled and moved his lips to hers. Jeremy and Nichole turned around and he pushed her up against the wall and began to undress her. She smiled evily as he kissed her neck. She stared over his shoulder with open, uncaring eyes. 
     “I’ll take that as a yes.” She whispered. Nichole moved her mouth down to Jeremy’s neck and she bit into it. Jeremy jumped and thrashed about until Nichole injected her venom into him. The man then grew still and then he fell to the floor, passed out. Nichole wore an evil grin as she buttoned up her shirt and licked the blood off of her face. 
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


