Harvard Hottie
Annabelle Costa

Other Titles From Dev Love Press
The Boy Next Door
(W)hole
Breath(e)
Stewart’s Story (FREE short story)
Devoted
Paradox
Coming Soon
Love In Touch
Unbreak My Heart
The Time Traveler’s Boyfriend
(Keep reading after this story for samples of some of these titles!)

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

HARVARD HOTTIE
Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2013 Dev Love Press, LLC.
Cover art by Carolyn Moir
Proofread by Gabriella West

All rights reserved.
This book, or parts thereof, my not be reproduced in any form without permission.

Visit our website at http://www.devlovepress.com


Chapter One

When I first met Luke Thayer, I hated him. 
If this were a movie, that would have meant I was destined to fall desperately in love with him. That’s how it always goes in the movies: first comes hate, then comes a bunch of misunderstandings, then we’d fall hopelessly in love, get married, and have lots of babies. In real life, it doesn’t happen that way.
Luke and I met during my first semester as an undergraduate at Harvard University. Yes, the Harvard University. It’s a real school and people really do get educated there, other than future presidents. You should know that there are two kinds of people who go to Harvard:

1)	Smart and poor
2)	Rich and dumb

I fell squarely in the first category. I’ll be blunt: I was the biggest nerd in my high school. My many achievements included being valedictorian, captain of the math team, captain of the chess team, and captain of the debate team. In my valedictorian speech, I talked about how we were “the leaders of tomorrow.” You can imagine that I was super-popular with the opposite sex when I was in high school. (Not really. I never had a date in the whole four years.)
When I got to college, I quickly declared my major: computer science. It seemed really practical, and also turned out to be a great way to avoid the rich/dumb kids. The rich/dumb kids were mostly business or government majors. I had no idea what kind of major “government” was, but apparently it was wicked easy. If you wanted to spend your nights partying and picking up chicks yet still end up with a 3.7 GPA, then government was the major for you.
So really, the poor/smart kids and the rich/dumb kids at Harvard never even had to interact at all. With one exception:
Expository Writing.
Expository Writing (a.k.a. “expos”) was a required freshman class for every single student at Harvard. We were forced into tiny groups of 10-12 students, in order to discuss and write essays about gothic fiction or 18th-century poetry. It was torture, it was a rite of passage, and it was also how I first met Luke.
My expos class was titled “The Interpretation of Short Stories.” I was lucky in that my roommate, Delia Mendez, was in the class with me. I liked Delia, and she was hopelessly poor just like me, so we agreed to share the considerable cost of the course reading material. Everyone else in the class was unfamiliar to me, the usual mix of slightly awkward post-adolescents.  But I couldn’t help but notice the boy sitting across from me. I would have had to be blind not to. 
This guy was possibly the best-looking guy I had ever seen in real life. He had it all: the perfectly chiseled features, the straw-colored hair streaked with sun, the muscles barely concealed by his expensive-looking sweater. He even had a freaking chin cleft! Even though I hated myself for it, it was very hard not to stare. Let me tell you, they didn’t make ’em like that at my public high school in Jersey.
We went around the room and had to introduce ourselves, and give three facts about ourselves, two of which were true and the one of which was false. Then everyone had to guess which was which.
“My name is Ellie Jenson,” I said, when it was my turn. I offered my three “facts”:  “I was born with six fingers on each hand and had the extra two removed when I was a baby. I have never read any of the works of William Shakespeare. And I’ve never left the United States.”
I could see everyone in the class looking at me, from my frizzy hair to my hopelessly unfashionable T-shirt and shapeless jeans, trying to work it out. One kid piped up, “Does that even include Shakespeare’s sonnets?”
“Yes,” I said, because that was one of the true ones. In a true testament to the public schools of New Jersey, I somehow made it through fifteen years of schooling without once being forced to read anything in Old English. I wondered if I’d be as lucky at Harvard. I doubted it.
“It must be the extra-finger thing,” another kid said, craning his neck to get a better look at my hands.
I glanced up at the extremely good-looking boy, who was silently studying me. Finally, he smiled smugly. “I bet she’s been out of the country at some point. Everyone’s at least been to Canada.”
And that was the first time I hated Luke Thayer. Because he was absolutely right. I’d been out of the country just once and it was during a drive to Canada. I didn’t even need a passport.  
The class voted and mostly thought that I had been born with ten fingers. When I held up my hands to show off my tiny scars, Delia cried out, “Ew!”
Luke’s turn came soon after mine. “My name is Lucas Thayer the third but everyone calls me Luke,” he said. I had never met someone with a roman numeral before and I couldn’t help but feel intimidated. “I have spent every summer in Greece since I was an infant. I have seven brothers and sisters. And I speak four languages fluently.”
The Greece thing was surely true, as evidenced by his glowing tan and the natural-looking blond streaks in his hair. I found it very hard to believe that Luke could speak any languages other than English fluently, and I even had my doubts about English. Then again, something about Luke screamed out “only child.” But maybe in the huge mansion that was surely his home, seven siblings wouldn’t be that noticeable. 
We voted and it turned out that Luke was, in fact, fluent in Greek, French, and German aside from English. His parents, while Anglo, loved Greece and had a summer home out there. (Actually, he called it “a villa.” Arrogant jerk.) He was an only child.
On the way back to our dorm, Delia lectured me on how I needed to never tell anyone about my little twelve-fingered secret because it was “gross” and I’d never get a date. I acted like I didn’t care, but the truth was, I was a little worried. I was 18, after all. I didn’t want to go through all of college without a boyfriend. 
“By the way,” Delia said, “you know we have a small celebrity in our class, don’t you?”
“Really?” I asked eagerly. “Who?”
“Lucas Thayer the third,” she said in the falsely haughty voice that such a name demanded. She giggled. “You know Thayer House?”
“Yeah…”
Delia raised her eyebrows.
“Oh no,” I groaned. “We have Thayer House in our expos class. Fantastic.”
“I know,” Delia said. “He does seem like an arrogant prick, doesn’t he?” She paused thoughtfully. “But you have to admit, he’s awfully cute.”
“Ugh,” I said, despite secretly thinking the same thing myself.
***
The story was Flannery O’Connor’s “A Good Man Is Hard to Find.” Somehow, I always thought that story was about finding a husband. Apparently, it’s not. It’s about a family that has an unfortunate run-in with a bandit named The Misfit. I don’t want to give away the ending in case you haven’t read it, but just so you know, the bandit was neither a good man nor hard to find.
Except Luke Thayer seemed to think The Misfit was in the right. He would not let this go.
“The Misfit has a consistent moral code,” Luke kept insisting. “He may be violent, but his moral code never wavers. The grandmother, on the hand… she’s completely superficial! She only cares about appearances and what people think of her.”
“So being superficial is worse than being a murderer?” I challenged him. “Maybe the grandmother is misguided, but at least she lives her life under the confines of the law.”
Luke got this glint in his eyes and I knew exactly what he was about to say. “See,” he began. “If you had read Hamlet, you’d know that—”
I had made a massive mistake when I admitted to the class on the first day that I’d never read Shakespeare. From that day forth, any time Luke was struggling in an argument with me, he’d bring up some play from Shakespeare. It was incredibly irritating.
“Oh, please!” I interrupted him. “There are no similarities between this story and Hamlet!”
“Actually,” our professor, Dr. Cole, said. “There are some similarities between Hamlet and this story. Luke, would you like to elaborate?”
Have I mentioned that the professor always took Luke’s side?
Luke then launched into a spontaneous speech that I was certain he knew was pure bullshit about how O’Connor’s story mirrored Hamlet. It was a little bit amazing how he managed to come up with all that on the spot, considering I was 99 percent sure there were no actual similarities between the two stories. But of course, I couldn’t say for sure, considering I never read Hamlet and everyone in the class knew it. Anyway, he sure managed to shut me up.
When we got out of class that day, I was absolutely fuming. My hands were balled up into fists and I was grinding my teeth. I couldn’t wait to start ranting about Luke to Delia. 
“My God,” Delia said, shaking her head at me. “Why don’t you and Luke just skip the foreplay and have sex already?”
“What?!” Did she really think that there was even a hint of sexual tension between me and that self-involved prick?
“It’s so obvious you two like each other,” Delia said.
“I do not like Luke!” I shuddered. “He’s horrible… he’s so self-entitled… and arrogant… and… and…”
“Really sexy?”
No. Not really sexy. Not at all. 
And even if I did think so, there was no way in hell he was thinking the same thing about me.
 

Chapter Two

Let’s be clear about one thing:
Lucas Thayer the third, heir of Thayer House, was obnoxious but also extremely good-looking. Eleanor Jenson, of Hoboken, New Jersey, heir of Mike and Susan Jenson, was not.
I wasn’t ugly. That’s probably the best I could say for myself. My face was plain and I was far too skinny, to the point of being bony. I wore the best clothes Walmart had to offer, and even though I’d heard of make-up, I’d really never seen it up close and personal. But the worst of it was my hair.
Up until I was about six or seven, there was nothing wrong with my hair. Then when I hit pre-adolescence, my hair just exploded into a huge mass of frizz. It went everywhere, did whatever it wanted, said whatever it wanted. God forbid it rained—I’d need an extra seat for my curls on the T.
I had no clue how to tame it. Truthfully, I didn’t try too hard. When you’re working hard to be valedictorian of your high school, there just isn’t time for hair maintenance. But lately, I was beginning to worry my hair was becoming a major liability.
“You know who you look like?” Delia said to me once.
“Who?”
Roseanne Roseannadanna,” she said. When I looked at her blankly, she explained, “She’s this character Gilda Radner played on Saturday Night Live. She had this huge pouf of hair.”
We looked up a photo of her online, and as it turned out, this was not a compliment.
“Let me try using a curling iron on it,” Delia begged me.
Delia was obsessed with her curling iron. I already had one run-in with it, when she inexplicably left it on my desk, heated up. Why, Delia?  I spent the night nursing a huge burn on my finger.
“No,” I said.
“Please?”
“No!”
“Fine,” Delia grumbled. “But Luke isn’t going to like you if you look like Roseanne Roseannadanna.”
“Good!” I shot back. 
“Oh, come on,” Delia said. “You two would be great together.”
“That is definitely not true,” I said. It really wasn’t. “We have absolutely nothing in common. He’s a rich asshole and I’m poor as dirt.”
“Exactly!” Delia cried, clasping her hands together as she got a dreamy expression on her face. “He’s rich and you’re poor, but he’ll love you anyway. But his parents won’t approve so they’ll disinherit him. Then you’ll have to work to support him through law school, but your love will carry you through. Except one of you will die young and tragically.”
I rolled my eyes. “Delia, I’m pretty sure that’s the plot of Love Story.”
“Oh yeah, you’re right,” Delia said. Love Story is the ultimate Harvard movie, which they showed to us about a million times during orientation week, because apparently it’s also the only Harvard movie. “I think I’ve seen that movie too many times. But still, that doesn’t mean you and Luke aren’t meant to be.”
Truthfully, even if I liked him (which I didn’t), I knew there was no way Luke would ever like me, even if I scalded my hair with Delia’s curling iron. After the first week of school, I’d seen Luke walking hand in hand with a very pretty blonde-haired girl. Not only was she beautiful, but she seemed to have been perfectly constructed to compliment his own looks. Even I had to admire how good they looked as a couple. If I closed my eyes and tried to imagine Luke holding hands with someone like me, the image just seemed laughable. Lucas Thayer the third did not fit with Ellie Jenson. That was an immutable fact.
***
Aside from choice of majors, the other thing that separated the poor/smart kids from the rich/dumb kids was how we paid for our education. I’m sure Luke Thayer’s dad (also named Luke, I guess) just withdrew his petty change from one of his Swiss bank accounts to pay Luke’s tuition, but my grade school teacher parents didn’t have enough money to afford their third child’s private college tuition. So I ended up with loans and work scholarships. The work scholarships meant that I got to pay off some of my tuition by scrubbing the toilets of my classmates.
It was the ultimate humiliation to have to clean the bathrooms of the students I had just been sharing a lecture hall with hours earlier. I preferred it when I was assigned the upperclassman dorms because it meant I at least wouldn’t recognize them. But because all the freshman dorms were in Harvard Yard and that was where I lived as well, my assignments were almost invariably to the freshman rooms.
Whenever I got assigned to clean bathrooms in Thayer House, I’d think about Luke. It seemed like every day, Dr. Cole let him dominate the class discussions, and no matter how valiantly I fought against him, I always left class feeling like he’d gotten the better of me. Worst of all, he always argued on the side of the most despicable character in the story, as if they were a personal friend of his. It was so blatantly obnoxious, there were times when I wanted to get up and punch him in the face. But then I’d go off to my Computation Theory class and he’d go off to his Macroeconomics class and we’d never be forced to talk again, thank God.
It was good to think about Luke as I scrubbed toilets. I’d think about our most recent class discussion, the things I said, and the things I wished I could have said if the professor wasn’t there. Then I could take out my anger on the Thayer toilets.
One day in October, I was scrubbing a particularly filthy bathroom in Thayer. Most bathrooms were just grimy, but this one had dirty towels tossed all over the floor and boxer shorts hanging off the sink. I picked them off and threw them into the living room, trying my best not to inhale. What a bunch of slobs. You just knew this bathroom belonged to a bunch of rich brats who had no experience cleaning up after themselves.
“Hey!” a voice interrupted my thoughts. “It’s the twelve-fingered girl who never read Shakespeare!”
I looked up and there he was: Luke Thayer. I guess it made sense he’d live in Thayer House. He was watching me with an amused expression on his face. I really, really wished I hadn’t admitted I’d never read Shakespeare. 
“Aren’t you going to say hello?” Luke pressed me.
I gave him a dirty look.
“I guess they didn’t teach you manners in school either,” he said with a shrug.
My blood boiled. I grabbed a dirty, moldy towel from the floor and hurled it in his direction. I had wicked aim and it nailed him right in the head. He pulled it from his face, looking pissed off. “What the hell is wrong with you?” he snapped. “You know, I could get you in a lot of trouble for that, Twelve Fingers.”
“My name is Ellie,” I said through my teeth. “And it’s your goddamn towel, douchebag.”
“Actually, it’s Steve’s towel,” Luke said. “He’s the slob around here.”
“Sure, whatever you say.”
Luke watched me for a second. The towel had mussed his yellow hair and as much as I hated to admit it, he looked very sexy like that. It was frustrating that someone I hated so much could be so physically attractive.
“So tell me, Ellie,” he said. “What’s the trick to getting a toilet so spotless and clean?”
“Go to hell,” I replied.
“If you’re not going to tell me,” he said, “maybe I should watch.”
The thought of Luke watching me clean his bathroom was almost too humiliating for words. 
“You can’t watch me,” I said.
“Then how will I know you didn’t dunk my toothbrush in the toilet?” he said.
“I would never do that!” I was totally planning to do that.
“I bet you wish you had kept those other fingers,” he mused. “You’d probably be much faster at scrubbing toilets.”
That did it. I struggled to my feet, using the toilet brush for support. I poked him in the chest with the brush. Hard. “Hey!” he cried, looking down at the splotch the brush left on his chest. “You got toilet water on my shirt!”
“Listen, Thayer House,” I said. “You can’t talk to me that way, just because your great-great-great-grandfather was some rich asshole who gave the college a bunch of money.”
“Geez, you’re touchy, Twelve Fingers,” he said. “Are you on your period or something?”
I swear to god, I nearly decked him. “That’s it!” I snapped. “You can clean your own goddamn toilets!” And I stormed out in a huff. Unfortunately, I left all my cleaning supplies behind and had to sneak back later and get them.
***
A week later, we got our grades back from our first paper. Dr. Cole handed them out in the last five minutes of class, and I was horrified to find a big red B on the top.
I never got Bs in high school. Never. Maybe an A-, if I’d been battling the flu or something. But a B? How could I get a B? My paper was brilliant! I could argue any point expertly—didn’t Dr. Cole know that I was captain of the debate team?
I felt something kick me in the ankle. Hard. I looked up and saw Luke’s brown eyes staring into mine. “Hey, Twelve Fingers,” he said. “What did you get?”
“None of your business,” I snapped at him. I eyed the paper in his hands. “What did you get?”
He turned his paper over to show me the red A at the top. Even though I tried to check my reaction, I have to admit that my jaw dropped open. This was patently unfair. Luke wasn’t even smart! He was just a jerk with a big mouth. There was no way his paper was better than mine.
“You could read it if you’d like,” he said, grinning as he slid the paper towards me. “Maybe you could learn something for your next assignment.”
I really wanted to punch him in his smug face. Instead, I yanked the paper out of his hand, and actually read a few paragraphs of it. And just as I thought—it was awful. 
Well, not completely awful. He wasn’t entirely illiterate. And he did make some good points about Raymond Carver. But it wasn’t better than mine. Clearly Dr. Cole was blinded by his good looks and inflated his grade. That was the only thing I could think of.
“Too bad they didn’t teach you to write back in Jersey,” Luke said, still grinning at me.
I didn’t punch him, but I threw his essay back in his face. He blinked at me, surprised but still clearly very amused. “Violence is your answer to everything, isn’t it?” he said. He held up his hand and bent it into a fist. “Too bad you didn’t keep those extra fingers. I bet you could pack much more of a punch.”
I was so distracted by my rage that Luke took this opportunity to yank my own essay paper out from below my left hand. He raised his eyebrows at me when he saw the B. Even though I should have grabbed it back from him, I didn’t. I wanted him to read it and realize how much better it was than his own essay. That I was the one who deserved the A, not him.
“Wow,” Luke said, as he lifted the first page and glanced at the second. “You’re certainly heavy-handed in your metaphors.”
I stared at him. That was exactly the same criticism Dr. Cole had made in her critique of my initial draft of the paper. 
He lifted his eyes and grinned at me. “Maybe you should stick to cleaning toilets, Twelve Fingers.”
I snapped out of my trance and ripped my papers out of his hands. Luke still looked deeply amused, and I wanted to say something to wipe the smile off his face. I stuck my finger in his face, which surprised him, if nothing else. “At least I got in here fair and square,” I said. “And not just because my father went here and gave the college a bunch of money.”
Luke looked like he had an answer to that, but before he could give it, I jumped out of my seat and marched right out of the classroom.
***
After that, I went from disliking Luke Thayer to downright despising him. The conversations in expos class became dominated by Luke and me throwing back and forth arguments. Whatever he said, I disagreed with. Whatever I said, he disagreed with.
But in a way, it paid off. I worked so hard studying the stories to come up with perfect arguments to shoot him down, I earned an easy A on my next paper. 
Delia was celebrating too, because she brought up her tragic C on the first paper to a solid B+. We decided to rent a movie to watch in the common room of our dorm together. We lived in Weld, a dorm once inhabited by none other than John F. Kennedy himself. It seemed a bit of a travesty that a nerdy computer science girl and a nerdy pre-med should occupy the same space as such a great man, but like I said to Luke that day, at least we got in here fair and square. Even JFK probably got in at least partially because of nepotism.
It was a Thursday night, so the common room was empty. On Fridays and Saturdays, you could usually count on a bunch of drunk kids in there making out. I hadn’t been drunk ever before and I’d never made out with a boy, so I generally avoided the common room on weekends. But Thursday night was safe.
Delia had a bag of popcorn, but when we went to pop it in the microwave, we found a big “out of order” sign taped to the door. “Lame!” Delia whined.
“There’s a microwave in the Thayer common room,” I recalled. I knew because I’d cleaned the bathroom in there.
“Great.” Delia shoved the popcorn bag into my hands. “I’ll see you in five.”
“Me?” I cried. “Why do I have to go?” 
“Because I’m wearing my fuzzy slippers!” Delia said, pointing down at her feet, which were indeed cloaked in bunny slippers. Why did I wear my sneakers?  
I didn’t want to admit the real reason for not wanting to go to Thayer, which was that I was scared of running into Luke. Well, not scared, exactly. But he wasn’t my favorite person these days and I knew seeing him would put a crimp in my night. Then again, if I slipped in and out of Thayer real fast, the chances of running into him were pretty slim.
I trekked out of my dorm into the yard. I was only wearing a sweater and it was freaking cold, although at least I had my hair to keep me warm. New England was colder than Jersey by a noticeable margin. I heard on the radio that it was supposed to snow soon. 
I was shivering pretty violently by the time I reached Thayer House. Gripping my bag of popcorn in my raw, red fingers, I raced in the direction of the common room. I noticed there was a couple making out on the couch, but I figured I wouldn’t disturb them if I slipped in there and popped some corn real quickly. 
Except just my luck: half of the couple was Luke Thayer.
I cursed to myself. I should have known when I saw all that damned blond hair. He looked up when I entered the room, as did the girl he was kissing. I didn’t know who she was but she was really beautiful, and I was pretty sure it was a different girl than the last one I’d see him with. But really, who the hell knew?
“Twelve Fingers!” Luke exclaimed, his face lighting up when he identified me.
I didn’t even look at him. I marched right to the microwave and shoved the bag inside. Unfortunately, I had no idea how long it was supposed to go in for or how to work the controls on this stupid microwave.
Luke noticed me struggling. He climbed over the back of the couch and landed practically right at my feet. “Get away from me, Thayer House,” I snapped.
But Luke didn’t budge. “Can’t even work the microwave?” He clucked his tongue. “This is kind of a disgrace. How’d you get in here anyway?  Maybe they needed to fill their New Jersey quota.”
“Well, they definitely filled up their arrogant rich asshole quota,” I replied. Stupid microwave. If Luke wasn’t staring at me, I would have been done with the popcorn ten minutes ago.
“What did you get on the SATs?” Luke asked me.
“I got a 1600,” I replied honestly, lifting my chin to him. A perfect score. Beat that, Thayer House.
“Oh yeah?  Me too.” He grinned at me, then pressed a button on the microwave, which whirred into action. “I guess working microwaves wasn’t on the test.”
I stared into the microwave, willing the popcorn to pop faster. “What are you doing here, anyway?” he said. “Don’t you live in Weld?”
I narrowed my eyes at him. How did he know that? “Yeah, so?”
“So you can’t use our microwave,” Luke said. “That’s illegal. The popcorn is rightfully ours if you pop it here.”
“My keycard works here, so that means I am allowed,” I argued.
“Nuh-uh,” Luke said. He turned to his date, who was studying her nails. “Hey Lindsay, we’ve got some popcorn here. Ellie here is donating it to us.”
Lindsay lifted her vivid blue eyes. God, she was really beautiful. “I don’t want it. I’m on a diet,” she said. Even though she probably weighed about as much as that bag of popcorn.
“Lindsay doesn’t want the popcorn,” Luke reported back to me, like I wasn’t standing right there. “She’s on a diet, apparently. So I guess I’ll let you keep your popcorn.”
I gave him a dirty look. “Wow. How gracious of you, your majesty.”
He leaned in close to me and I could smell his aftershave. It occurred to me that I’d never been so close to a man who wore aftershave before. He smelled… nice, actually. “But you have to give me a handful,” he said.
I shook my head, clearing it of the intoxicating aroma of aftershave. “No way.”
“You’re not leaving this room if you don’t give me some popcorn,” he informed me.
“Watch me.”
The microwave dinged and we both jumped. I reached for the door, and Luke grabbed my wrist. His grip was strong, his hand warm, and he might have hurt me if I was trying to resist, but for some reason I wasn’t trying. I hated the fact that at that moment, I would have given him popcorn or pretty much anything else he wanted from me.
“Luke?” Lindsay’s voice interrupted our little face-off. “What are you doing over there?”
She didn’t sound angry, only terribly bored. I wasn’t a threat to her, obviously. It was pretty clear someone who looked like me wasn’t stealing Luke away from someone who looked like her.
Luke dropped my wrist. “You got off easy this time, Twelve Fingers,” he said to me. His brown eyes met mine. “But trust me, sooner or later, I’m going to get that popcorn.”
Not if I had anything to do with it.
 

Chapter Three
Let me tell you about Primal Scream:
This is a semiannual Harvard tradition that occurs on the night before final exams. It’s a way to relieve stress. Basically, the students (most of the male variety) run a lap around Harvard Yard screaming at the top of their lungs. Also, they’re completely naked.
I wasn’t planning on running Primal Scream. First, I was a girl. Nice girls don’t run around campus naked, even on nights when it’s socially acceptable. Especially when they’re mostly skin and bones. Second, we were in the throes of a New England winter. The temperature was currently 16 degrees. There was ice on the ground. 
But that didn’t mean I didn’t want to watch. Delia and I bundled up in our down-laced winter coats, put on our warmest hats, and perched on the steps of our dorm to see the boys run past. Even with all that padding, we were hugging ourselves and bouncing up and down to keep warm. “I’m freezing,” Delia said. “My teeth are chattering. Look!” She showed me her quivering jawline.
“We just need to put on more weight,” I said. “The warmest shape is spherical.”
“You’re such a nerd,” Delia said.
“Look who’s talking, pre-med.”
We were near the end of the circle so we got to watch as the herd of naked students made their way toward us, desperate to find their friends with clothing. I heard in the spring, they run pretty fast, but right now there was so much ice on the ground that the boys were moving almost in slow-motion in order to avoid falling on their bare asses. I could pick out each individual body, each individual set of genitals. Even as I tried not to look, it was impossible not to.
“Hey, there’s Luke!” Delia said. 
And then I saw him. Luke Thayer, completely naked. And… oh. My. God. If I thought he looked good dressed, he looked incredible naked. He had such a perfect body—slim yet well-defined muscles in his arms and legs and chest, his limbs covered with a healthy layer of golden hair. I felt my jaw fall open. I’d heard he rowed for crew, and clearly it had paid off. I was so mesmerized that I barely even noticed he was walking towards me.
“Hey, Twelve Fingers!” he cried.
He was standing about three feet away from me, completely naked. Considering I was cold in my coat, he must have been freezing, but he seemed totally comfortable. I, on the other hand, was having some difficulty taking deep breaths. I couldn’t look him in the eyes, but then again, where the hell was I supposed to look?
“Hi,” I finally said. 
“I hope you realize how cold it is,” Luke said. He grinned. “I wouldn’t want you to think that this is all there is.”
“Uh…” I said. I didn’t know what he was talking about at the time, but Delia later explained to me that he was referring to his penis. Although if he was apologizing for that, he really didn’t have anything to apologize for. Not that I looked or anything. Heaven forbid.
“I guess I’ll see you around,” he said, and gave me one last wave before jogging off. 
Delia took one look at my face. “So you don’t like him, huh?” she teased me. “Suuuure….”
I believed in my heart that Delia was wrong, that I didn’t like Luke, that I could never like someone who was such an asshole. That I would never be so superficial as to fall for someone just based on looks, even if he did happen to have the body of a Greek god. 
Yet after that night, I found myself having dreams about him. Dreams of him naked, in bed with me, kissing me. And when I awoke, I’d always feel a touch of disappointment that it had all just been a dream.
***
Final exams were really rough. I barely slept for almost a week, surviving on catnaps and coffee. On the night of my last exam, all I wanted to do was crash in bed, but Delia wouldn’t hear of it. She pointed out that I hadn’t gotten drunk once all semester and I deserved to unwind. 
“We’re only eighteen,” I pointed out. “We’re too young to drink.”
Delia groaned. “I’m going to smack you, Ellie. Seriously.”
Delia had leads on a few parties, but the first one we tried wouldn’t let us in because we were freshman. That is, we were freshman and we weren’t hot enough. We tried a second party though and nobody was guarding the door, so we walked right in.
Despite how cold it was outside, the party felt like a sauna. It was so hot that steam immediately filled my glasses and I had to take them off to clean them. I could feel my hair curling. The place was dimly lit and there was loud music playing the background. I took off my coat and tossed it onto a sticky pile on the floor.
“Hey! Twelve Fingers!” I nearly groaned when I heard the voice coming from behind me. I didn’t want to turn around, but Delia had mysteriously disappeared and we were packed into the room like sardines. I took a deep breath and came face to face with Luke Thayer.
“Thayer House,” I said, forcing a smile. “How are you?”
“Fan-fucking-tastic,” Luke said, with a grin to show that he wasn’t on his first drink of the evening. He thrust a tiny paper cup into my hand, like the kind you put ketchup in.
“What’s this?” I asked.
“Jello shot,” Luke said. He had one in his other hand, and he popped the contents into his mouth, then tossed the cup onto a nearby table. “Go ahead.”
“I don’t really drink,” I mumbled.
“Of course you do,” Luke said. “This is college.”
I looked down doubtfully at the green jello. It looked innocent enough, I guess. Anyway, how much alcohol could it possibly have? I took a deep breath and popped it in my mouth, nearly choking on the taste of rum. 
“They’re strong, huh?” Luke said.
I nodded, still coughing a bit. I noticed Luke was standing very close to me. He sort of had to be because the room was so packed, but he was even closer than he had to be. His shoulder was touching mine. 
“You were a worthy adversary this semester, Twelve Fingers,” Luke said. “I’ll miss you.”
I laughed. “You’ll miss me? Really?”
“Of course,” he said. His golden hair was kind of damp from the heat in the room and looked darker than it usually did. “Won’t you miss me?”
 “Um.” I wasn’t sure how to answer that question. “I sort of thought you… hated me?”
“Hated you?” Luke gave me a confused look. “I don’t hate you, Ellie. In fact…” He moved a bit closer. “I really like you.”
This was the first time a boy had ever told me that he liked me and I couldn’t believe it was Luke Thayer. I considered pinching myself, convinced this had to be another of my crazy dreams. “You do?”
Luke didn’t answer my question, but instead took this opportunity to press his lips against mine. After a split second, his tongue slipped in between my lips and my mouth tingled as it massaged my own. His breath tasted like rum and cigarettes, which to this day is a combination that never fails to turn me on.
I allowed Luke to kiss me for probably thirty seconds too long before I pushed him away. He grinned at me. “Was that your first kiss?”
“What?” I cried. It totally was. “Did I do something wrong?”
“No,” he said. “It was great. You just… I got that feeling.”
I wasn’t about to admit he was right. “Look, Luke, I can’t do this.”
His face fell. “Why not?”
“I’m not your type.”
“My type?” Luke shook his head. “What’s my type?”
“You know…” Lindsay was his type. Or any of the other identical blond beauties I’d seen him with around campus. I was about as far from that as you could get and still be of the same species.
“No, I don’t know.”
I sighed. “Also, we have nothing in common.”
“So?”
“So…” I was at a loss. All I knew was that being with Luke would compromise everything I believed in. I hated him. Well, I didn’t hate him. But I hated everything about him. He was the absolute worst kind of person. I had already given him my first kiss—I couldn’t give him my first anything else. It would be like compromising my soul. “I just can’t, Luke.”
He looked like he was going to argue with me more, but then his shoulders sagged and he seemed resigned to the fact that this wasn’t going to happen. “It’s too bad,” he said. “We would have made a great team. Twelve Fingers and Thayer House.”
As Luke walked away, I felt a moment of regret. Luke was sexy as all hell and the rum was starting to hit me. But no, I couldn’t fall for Luke Thayer. He was an arrogant asshole and I knew he was just going to get worse as he discovered that everything in life could be his with just a snap of the fingers. Luke was never going to know a moment of hardship. He was always going to be a spoiled brat.
 

Chapter Four
Sixteen Years Later

“We have a serious situation, Ellie.”
 My friend Jenna tends to be a bit of a worrywart so when she comes into my cubicle with a morose expression on her face, I don’t automatically take her seriously. The last time she said “we have a serious situation,” it turned out we were running low on coffee filters. Although in a company full of computer geeks, that actually does qualify as an emergency.
“What’s the problem?” I ask, getting out of “friend” mode and into “concerned supervisor” mode. Technically, I’m Jenna’s supervisor, since my promotion six months ago. But we still basically do the same work as software engineers and I still have my crappy cubicle one row over from hers. 
“The company’s being taken over,” Jenna says.
“What?” 
At first I think it’s some sort of horrible rumor, but then she lays the company newsletter down in front of me. It’s true, all true. The company has been purchased by a larger company, had been keeping it quiet due to blah blah blah… oh God, this isn’t good. Companies getting bought out don’t mean more jobs. And in this economy, I don’t want to be out of a job. How will I pay for my apartment?
“This is bad, right?” Jenna asks me. Ever since I became her supervisor, she needs my confirmation on everything.
I need to try to be strong though. After all, I’m the supervisor. Despite still working in the same crappy cubicle. “It might not be. Maybe they want to expand?”
Jenna snorts.
As she scurries away to spread the gloom and doom, I take a second to read the newsletter more carefully. It seems that our company was bought out by the multimillion corporation: Boston-based Thayer Industries. The name jogs my mind as being mildly familiar from somewhere but I put the thought out of my head as I continue to read. It says nothing about jobs or cutbacks, but that seems fairly inevitable.
“You read the article, Harvard?”
I look up from the newsletter to the face of Lewis Grunseich, another supervisor in my department. Lewis is the most obese man in the company by about twenty pounds and his suits are always a size too small. Sometimes I can see a bit of belly hair peeking out between the straining buttons and it’s not appealing. Ever since Lewis found out I went to Harvard, he’s taken to calling me that as my nickname. It’s charming. And by that, I mean it’s obnoxious as all hell and I hate it.
“It’s going to be fine,” I say confidently.
Lewis snorts.
“Oh, stop it,” I say. “We make a good profit here. They didn’t buy the company just to fire us all.”
“They’ll break the company apart and sell the pieces for profit,” Lewis says.
“You’re thinking of stolen cars.”
“The same is true of companies!” Lewis insists. “What do you think? This Luke Thayer guy is some kind of saint?”
Luke Thayer? Did he say Luke Thayer??  
No, it can’t be.
“Hey, Harvard, what’s wrong?” Lewis is saying.
“Nothing,” I say, forcing a smile. I need this conversation to end right now. “I, um, have to make a call.”
Thank God, Lewis takes the hint and ambles back over to his cubicle. I pick up my phone, pretending I’m going to make a call, but as soon as he’s out of sight, I’m on Google. Google: My savior, what did I do without you to spy on people for me?  Okay, Thayer Industries… Thayer Industries…
Yes! Here, Thayer Industries, an old corporation founded by the well-respected Thayer family… current CEO Lucas Thayer… and… photo… come on… yes!
I sit at the edge of my seat waiting for the photo to load, my nose practically touching the screen. The connection isn’t fast enough for me. I watch as an image of the guy who simultaneously made my first semester of college hell and frequented all my post-adolescent fantasies comes onto the screen.
Shit, it’s him.
The image is a little fuzzy, but I’d say he looks pretty much the same. Of course, his blond hair is a little darker and shorter, more professionally clipped rather than the shaggy college student look he used to sport, and he’s wearing a nice suit and tie. His face has filled out a bit, which, I’m sorry to say, makes him look even more handsome than he did before. It’s unfair that men seem to look better when they get a few lines on their faces, while women just look old. Anyway, he looks great. I don’t even see any sign that his hairline is receding. Just like I knew would happen: he’s never suffered a moment of hardship. He went from being the rich heir to the rich businessman without batting an eye.
It would be a lie to say that Luke spent even a minute mourning my rejection of him at that party. The next time I saw him, he was walking across the Yard, holding hands with yet another tall skinny blonde. I averted my eyes and didn’t say hello. Actually, I don’t think Luke and I exchanged two words for the rest of college. I always wondered how drunk he had been at that party and if he even remembered our one kiss. Maybe he remembered it the next morning and was totally disgusted.
And now he’s my boss.
Shit.
***
Not a lot of work gets done today as everyone is pretty much freaking out over the whole Thayer-takeover business. Near the end of the day, I get an email saying that all supervisors will be asked to meet with Mr. Thayer in the morning to discuss strategies for running the company.
“You’ll tell him about the software package I’m developing, right?” Jenna asks me anxiously. She’s like this about men too. Always freaking out until she gets them freaked out too, and they run away.   
“Don’t worry, Jenna,” I say, for what feels like the ten-billionth time today. It seems like it’s always up to me in life to be the one who isn’t freaking out.
“What do you think he’s like?” she asks.
“Who?” I say.
“Luke Thayer,” Jenna says. “What do you think he’s like?  I read that he’s only thirty-four. That’s pretty young to be a CEO.”
“Well, it was a family business,” I point out. “I think I read his father had a heart attack.”
Jenna nods. “I read that he’s doubled the company’s profits while he’s been in charge. You don’t do that by being nice.”
“Jenna, I’m sure he’s…” My tongue sticks on the word “nice.” Luke isn’t nice. He was never nice. He’s probably more of an asshole now than he ever was.
At 5 o’clock, I give up on trying to get any work done and I head home. Even though I work in the financial district of Boston, I can’t afford a decent apartment in the Boston area. I already work in a cubicle, so I refuse to live in one as well. I picked a nice one-bedroom apartment in Brookline, an urban suburb of Boston that’s just a twenty-five-minute Green Line trip away from work. I own a car that I only use a few times a month, on the rare occasions I want to go somewhere outside the city. It’s nice not having to deal with traffic, but on days like today, in the dead of the summer, when the T is packed to the brim and I have to stand for the entire ride next to a perspiring overweight businessman who hasn’t heard of deodorant, I kind of miss driving a car to work.
I try to be extra quiet as I head down the hallway to get to my apartment. My eightysomething neighbor Sadie Katz has taken an extra-special interest in my social life since I moved here. No matter how quiet I am, even if I duck my head down as I walk past her peephole, she always notices when I come home. There must be some invisible tripwire near her door.
Sure enough, the second I pass Sadie’s door, I hear her three locks popping open. I consider making a break for it, but that would be rude. Besides, she’s sweet, if a little annoying. 
“Ellie!” she cries out when she sees me, her tiny wrinkled face breaking out in a smile. Her hair is a big white puff surrounding her head.
“Hi, Sadie,” I say, fumbling in my pocket for my keys.
“Any exciting plans for tonight?” Sadie asks. 
“Just dinner,” I say, shrugging.
“Dinner with a suitor?” she asks excitedly, clasping her hands together.
Sadie always calls men “suitors” even though I’m pretty sure nobody has referred to dates that way in the last fifty years. She thinks I should have a minimum of six suitors, so I could have a date every night of the week (and one night to wash my hair).
“No, just dinner by myself,” I tell Sadie.
Her face falls. While it’s sweet that Sadie wants me to have a boyfriend (or suitor, whatever), it’s also very irritating. I’m the youngest of three girls, and my parents already have seven grandchildren, so they are relatively unconcerned with my decision to remain single for the duration. It’s a great situation, which I totally blew by moving next door to Sadie.
“I just can’t understand it, Ellie,” Sadie says. “You have such a pretty face. The boys should be banging down your door!” She examines me critically. “It must be your hips.”
“My hips?”
Sadie nods. “They’re too skinny. You don’t have birthing hips. It probably makes men think you won’t be able to have many children.”
I am almost positive that is not the reason I don’t get many dates. But she’s right that I could afford to put on a few pounds—I always thought that in my twenties, I’d get a more curvaceous body, but somehow I’m still all bony. I always wear belts because my butt and my hips aren’t substantial enough to hold up my pants.
“You need to eat more,” Sadie decides. She holds up a finger. “One minute!”
She dashes back into her apartment, and I’m sorely attempted to disappear inside mine, even though I realize that would be really rude. When she returns a minute later, she’s holding a huge Tupperware bowl filled with…
“Pot roast!” Sadie declares, thrusting it into my arms. “You eat this, Ellie dear. And you’ll have all the beaus you can handle.”
I stumble into my apartment with my tub of pot roast. I’m not going to be eating this. It looks like it’ll sit like a rock in my stomach, and anyway, I grabbed a burrito that I ate during the T ride home.
Before I go to veg out in front of the television, I find myself moving in the direction of the bathroom in search of a mirror. I feel this almost desperate need to compare myself to my college self, the girl that Luke had known all those years ago. I need to see how I measure up.
I may have been young and nubile in college, but I was so awkward back then that I probably look better now. Objectively, at least. I get my hair professionally straightened and highlighted, wear contacts instead of glasses, and I no longer buy the majority of my clothes at Walmart (I’ve upgraded to Target). I’m slender, if a little bit bony, and I don’t have any unsightly wrinkles. I’m somewhat attractive now.
But inside, I’m still the same girl I was when I was eighteen. I’m still a huge nerd. I still get nervous when I have to meet new people. I still prefer staying home to going out and socializing. 
Sadie isn’t the only one around who wonders why I’m still single. I wonder, too. I’ve had a few boyfriends over the years, but I’ve probably been alone for a greater percentage of the time than I’ve been in any kind of relationship. I don’t date much either. The biggest reason for that is, in my experience, men don’t want to date smart women.
It’s a sad truth. Even men who claim they want to date a smart women don’t really want that. I’d do much better getting dates if I were a stewardess instead of a computer programmer. And even though I lost the glasses, I know I still give off that nerdy girl vibe. I just can’t turn it off, much as I’ve tried. 
The other problem, of course, is that I get bored easily in relationships. Much as I hated Luke for arguing with me every day in expos class, I’ve never been as thoroughly intellectually stimulated in a relationship as I was in that class. It was both aggravating and thrilling. And once I get intellectually bored with a guy, everything gets boring. Even the sex. 
Flannery O’Connor was right—a good man really is hard to find.
Of course, it would be great if I could show off some big diamond ring to Luke, but at least I can look reasonably good. I have one really stunning suit in my closet that I got from Chanel. It fits like a glove and brings out the curves that I don’t really have. I bought it at the mall six months ago and wanted to wear it for the perfect occasion, but nothing was ever good enough. But I think seeing your hotshot new boss that you rejected back in college should count. 
I’m determined that when Luke sees me tomorrow, I may be a loser, but at least I won’t be a frumpy old hag. Especially since it’s obvious he’s just as gorgeous as he was sixteen years ago.
 

Chapter Five

My meeting with Luke is scheduled for ten o’clock the next morning. I can’t get any work done before the meeting, partially because I’m too nervous and partially because Jenna keeps coming over every five minutes to ask if I had the meeting yet. I also go pee about ten times because that’s what I do when I’m nervous and each time I check my make-up. I don’t usually wear make-up, so I’m worried I put on too much. No matter what, I can never seem to get the hang of putting on make-up. I always end up stabbing myself in the eye with the mascara pen.
“Are you wearing make-up, Ellie?” Jenna asks me during one of her trips to my cubicle.
I touch my face self-consciously. “Why? Does it look bad?”
“No, you look great,” she says. Then she adds thoughtfully, “You know, Luke Thayer is single. It might help us all out if you, you know…”
“Uh…” is all I can come up with.
Obviously, I’m not interested in Luke. I wasn’t interested in him when I was young and stupid, so I’m certainly not interested now that I’m old and jade… er, wise. I have no interest in being another one of the conquests of some handsome playboy. And considering we’re in the midst of a company buyout, I really need to completely focus on my career right now. 
At 9:55, I head upstairs. Luke is apparently temporarily using one of the offices on the floor above us. Presumably, he won’t need an office anymore after he finishes stripping and dismantling our company, then selling the pieces for profit.
My stomach is all butterflies as I exit the elevator and traverse the hallway to Luke’s office. I see him from afar, although I’m not entirely sure it’s him until I’m a few yards away. Yesterday I looked at myself in the mirror and thought about how different I looked from my former self. But it turns out Luke Thayer’s got me beat by a million miles.
Luke’s in a wheelchair.
No, he’s not just in a wheelchair. He’s crippled. He’s very obviously crippled. I know that isn’t the PC word, but it’s the one that immediately comes to mind as I watch Luke talking to some other guy in the hallway, presumably some lackey. Gone is that fantastic body that I saw on the night of Primal Scream—instead of the washboard stomach, he’s got a gut, and he’s hunched up a bit in his wheelchair. He’s not in the chair because of a broken leg, that’s for sure. There’s something seriously wrong with him.
For a second, I consider making a run for it. I sense an extremely uncomfortable situation coming on. But at that moment, Luke lays his eyes on me and I see no glimmer of recognition.
“Eleanor Jenson?” he asks. His voice has changed too. It’s harder, colder. The voice of a ruthless businessman. Someone who’s going to fire us all.
I nod. My own voice has vanished.
“I’m Lucas Thayer,” he says, as if there was any chance I didn’t know who he was. “Please come into my office, Ms. Jenson.”
I watch as he pushes his palms against the wheels of his chair and enters his office. When he turns his chair and slides seamlessly behind the desk, it occurs to me that he’s been in this wheelchair for a while. He’s comfortable in it. This is who he is now.
“Have a seat, Ms. Jenson,” he says, since I’m still standing in the doorway, gawking at him.
“I’m sorry, sir,” I say in a soft voice as I practically faint into the leather chair in front of his desk.
“You don’t have to call me ‘sir,’” he says. He folds his hands together and that’s when I notice they don’t look quite right either. There are deep grooves between the tendons on the back of his hands that definitely did not exist in college. “You can call me Mr. Thayer.”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Thayer,” I mumble. God, he’s still such an asshole. This is going to be miserable.
“I know there’s been a lot of slacking off around here,” Luke continues in that hard voice. “But that’s going to end. Right now. Anyone who doesn’t take their job seriously is going to be looking for work elsewhere. Do you understand, Ms. Jenson?”
“Yes, Mr. Thayer,” I say. I feel sick. Luke used to be a jerk, but he was never this horrible. I get what’s going on here. He’s bitter because he’s in a wheelchair. He wants to ruin everyone else’s lives the way his is ruined. He’s angry because he can’t walk and it seems like he can’t move his hands very well either. He’s just a bitter cripple who probably has to pay women to have sex with him or something. 
“Good,” he says. “Because I’m going to need your help cutting the fat. Tell me, are there any female employees that you think are going to be getting pregnant in the near future?  We don’t want any maternity leaves right now.”
I know Gloria, two cubicles down from me, has been trying to get pregnant, but I can’t tell him that. I don’t want her to get fired.
“No, I don’t,” I say quickly.
Luke narrows his eyes at me. “Are you lying to me, Ms. Jenson?”
I swallow. “No, of course not, Mr. Thayer.” 
“Next,” he says, “I want you to do a thorough search through the company employees’ medical records.”
“Medical records?” I stare at him. This has gone from evil to illegal.
“That’s right,” he confirms. “I want to weed out any abnormalities, any critical medical conditions.”
I nod, thinking of poor Bob in sales, who had a heart attack last year. 
  “But mostly, anything weird,” he says. “I don’t want any freaks working under me. I want them fired. Especially anyone born with extra toes, extra fingers…”
At that moment, I look at Luke’s face and I see a grin slipping through. 
Shit, he recognized me.
“Ho ho, very funny,” I say. 
“Oh, come on, Ellie,” Luke says, grinning full on now. “That was freaking hilarious. The look on your face… I wish I had a camera.”
“I didn’t think you’d recognize me,” I admit.
“Of course I recognized you,” he says. “How could I forget my first college crush?  Who horribly and painfully rejected me, I should add. And now I’m her boss.” He grins wider at the expression on my face. “Lucky for you, I don’t hold a grudge.”
My shoulders relax as I study Luke’s face for a second. As messed up as he is below the neck, he’s still very attractive from the neck up. Now that I’m looking closer, I notice a small pale scar under his right eye and one down along his jawline. The scars mar the perfection of his features, but also give him this really sexy rugged look. I’m not sure why I’m thinking about this, though.
“So aren’t you going to ask?” he says.
“Huh?” I reply innocently.
“‘Oh my god, Luke, what happened to you?!’ Or something along those lines.” He raises his eyebrows at me.
“What do you mean?” I say delicately.
“Oh geez, Ellie, I guess you didn’t notice… I’m in a wheelchair.” He gives me a mock sober expression. “A lot of people think I just shrunk or something.”
“Okay, okay, I noticed,” I admit. “But you don’t have to tell me anything.”
He shrugs. “It’ll save you the trouble of asking Google. Anyway, I broke my neck. Rock climbing. Damn twenty-three-year-olds, think they’re indestructible.”
If he was twenty-three when this happened, that means he’s been disabled for over a decade. I guess that explains why he’s so comfortable wheeling himself around.
“Anyway,” he says, his voice growing more formal, “this isn’t entirely a social call, although I admit it’s been fun. The truth is that there are going to be cutbacks here. Big ones. But I’d like to make the right decisions, and that’s why I need your help.”
I nod, feeling slightly ill. If he makes me fire somebody, I may have to quit.
“Don’t worry, I wouldn’t ask you to fire anyone,” Luke says, demonstrating he still has the ability to read my mind. “But I need your opinions. You’re smart, Ellie. In fact, I heard you went to Harvard.”
I make a face at him. “You got a higher grade in expos than I did.” He got an A to my A-minus. He made a point of telling me.
Luke grins. “I said you were smart. I didn’t say you were smarter than me.”
I finally leave Luke’s office with an agreement to meet tomorrow for a working lunch to talk more about the cutbacks. Every time I close my eyes, I can see the image of Luke sitting in that wheelchair. I’m not quite sure how to feel about it all, but I’m beginning to get the sense that I was really wrong about Luke Thayer all those years ago.
 

Chapter Six

I wear make-up again the next day and a dress rather than my usual comfortable pants suit, although I’m not entirely sure why. Even as I was applying the eyeliner and blinking away the little black specks that got into my eye, I wasn’t sure why I was making such an effort. I guess there’s a part of me that always sort of wants to impress Luke.
Jenna immediately notices the difference. “You’re wearing make-up again,” she points out.
“Yes,” I say. No comment.
She narrows her eyes at me. “Are you having another meeting with Luke today?”
“A working lunch,” I mumble.
“He’s taking you to lunch?!” Jenna nearly screams. 
“Shush!” I say, my face turning red. “And it’s a business lunch. Totally business.”
“Sure it is,” Jenna says, grinning at the look on my face. “Hey, I don’t blame you if he’s as cute as in the photos.”
“He’s not,” I say. “Believe me.”
“Well, he’s pretty fine in the pictures,” she says.
“Look, Jenna,” I say patiently. “Lu… er, Mr. Thayer is… he’s… disabled. He’s in a wheelchair.”
Jenna’s lips form a little O. “Oh my God! Are you serious?”
“Yes.”
“Wow,” she breathes. “Gosh, I had no idea.”
And after that revelation, she doesn’t hint at me again that I might be interested in Luke. Which is good because, you know, I’m not.
Luke told me to come to his office at noon, so I arrive at 11:55, hoping he won’t comment on how anally punctual I always am. I can’t help but notice that his assistant Michelle is freaking gorgeous. She’s got that blonde, slim but curvy, tall physique, like all the girls I used to see Luke with in college. She’s also got to be all of twenty-five.
As Michelle ushers me into Luke’s office and shuts the door behind me, I can’t help but make a comment. “She’s really gorgeous,” I say.
Luke glances up from a thick stack of papers on his desk. “Yeah, she is, huh?”
“Are you sleeping with her?” I say the question as a joke, but it strikes me as the words come out that I’m serious. She’s exactly the kind of secretary that bosses all sleep with.
“God, no,” Luke says, looking shocked by my question.
I blush. “I was just kidding.”
“Were you?” He raises his eyebrows. “Anyway, even if I were the kind of guy who slept with his secretaries, which I’m not, she’s not my type.”
Not his type?  Michelle is pretty much everyone’s type. Hell, she’s even my type and I’m a heterosexual woman. 
When we head down in the elevator, I assume Luke’s going to get a car service to pick us up, so I’m surprised when we go to the garage in the basement. “Where are you leading me?” I ask him.
“My car,” Luke says.
His car? I watch Luke push himself out of the elevator and I can’t figure how he’s going to be able to drive a car. Even though I’m less shocked by his appearance than I was yesterday, I still think that he looks very impaired. The weirdest thing is his posture. Luke used to have a ramrod-straight spine, to the point where I felt like I could put a book on his head in the morning and it would still be there in the evening. But now it’s like he has no muscles at all in his trunk. I can tell he’s aware of it because he frequently pushes his hand against his thigh in order to straighten himself out. I mean, it’s not awful or anything. To be honest, he may still have better posture than me. But when I think of that night in college when I saw Luke naked and how effortlessly perfect his body was, I imagine it must kill him the way he looks right now. 
Luke’s car is a Mercedes. Naturally. I watch as he lifts his body from his wheelchair into the front seat, then pops the wheels off his chair and tosses it behind him into the back seat. As I get into the car next to him, I guess he notices I’m staring, because he says, “What?”
“I thought…” I bite my lip. “To be honest, I figured you’d need help getting into a car.”
“You wouldn’t be the first,” he says. He smiles at my questioning look. “I’ve had a lot of practice. Most people think quadriplegics can’t do anything for themselves, but that’s not the reality for a low-level injury like mine.”
“Also,” I say, blushing slightly. “I just figured you’d have a chauffeur.”
Luke laughs. “Yeah, that sounds like me.”
“Well…”
He starts up the car and places his right hand on what seems to be an accelerator of some sort. Obviously, he doesn’t have full use of his hands and I’m a little worried about being in this car with him, but he’s my boss so I guess I don’t have a choice. “I don’t really like having everything done for me,” he says.
I can’t resist: “So do you scrub your own toilet, then?”  
Luke grins. “Wow, Ellie. You haven’t changed at all.”
I furrow my brow. Is that an insult?  It must be. I was so lame back in college. “Yes, I have.”
He glances at me as he pulls out of the garage. “Well, your hair is different. It looks nice.”
“Thanks…”
“Although I liked it before.”
I roll my eyes. “Okay, now I know you’re putting me on. I looked like Roseanne Roseannadanna.”
“Who?”
“You know,” I say. “That character Gilda Radner used to play on Saturday Night Live with the gigantic frizzy hair?”
“Oh,” Luke says. “Yeah, I guess you did kind of look like that. But it was adorable. You were like one big giant pouf of hair.”
I groan. “Thanks a lot.”
He shrugs. “Well, anyway, you’ve changed less than I have.”
“Yeah, I have to say… I’m kind of impressed. I never would have thought you’d be able to handle… you know, all this.” 
“Gee, thanks.”
“Well, you have to admit,” I say, “you were pretty spoiled.”
“Fair enough,” Luke says as we head in the direction of the North End. He’s amazingly doing a pretty good job maneuvering through the disarray of the streets of Boston. And by “good,” I mean he’s aggressive as hell. Let me tell you something about Boston drivers: They’re insane. I grew up in Jersey and I thought they were insane over there, but Boston is a million times worse. The streets of Boston make absolutely no sense: streets change names, zig-zag, and do all kind of things, and it makes the people who drive here lose their freaking minds. “Actually, you’re kind of right,” he says. “When I first got injured, I didn’t handle it very well at all. I got it in my head that disability was something for the lower class and that I had enough money to walk again.”
That kind of sounds like the Luke I used to know. “So what happened?” I ask, too curious to be tactful.
“I did my best,” he says. “I got involved in every experimental study under the sun. I let myself get braced up to my armpits but I still couldn’t take even one step unassisted. I hired some phony psychic who swore she saw a vision of me walking again. I was really out of my mind. I wouldn’t even sit in a wheelchair because I thought that was like giving up. In fact, I threw a fit if someone even mentioned a wheelchair to me and my dad encouraged my behavior because he didn’t want me to be crippled any more than I did. He even paid some nurses to carry me everywhere and basically do everything for me. I couldn’t even shower by myself.”
“For how long?” I ask, wide-eyed.
“I’m embarrassed to tell you,” he says. Then he adds, “Two years.”
“Two years?”
“Just about,” he says. “I still remember: I was about a month away from the two-year anniversary of my injury. I was lying in bed at home and I was hungry. It was such a basic thing but there was nothing I could do about it. I tried to hit the call button but I knocked it onto the floor. So I just lay there, screaming for help for like thirty minutes. I felt so… I don’t know… I guess ‘ridiculous’ is probably the best word. A week later, I had a wheelchair and got into an inpatient rehab program.”
“Wow,” I say. 
“Yeah,” he agrees. “Rehab was kind of rough, especially for a spoiled brat like me. But they made me do everything myself, which was just what I needed. To be honest, after getting carried around for two years, you pretty much don’t want anybody’s help with anything again. Ever.”
Luke pulls into the small parking lot of an expensive-looking Italian restaurant. I’m about to point out to him that the lot is full, which was always an issue when I went to the North End in the past, but then I realize that, of course, he can park in the handicapped spot. “Okay,” he says as he kills the engine. “You can pry your fingers off the dashboard now.”
“Shut up,” I say, although I notice I’m a bit shaky as I climb out of the car. I guess you have to be an aggressive driver if you live in Boston, but there were a few times when I saw my life flashing before my eyes.
As soon as I see the Italian restaurant, I get this awful sinking feeling. This isn’t the kind of place you have a business lunch. You don’t have a business lunch in a place with dim lighting and candles on every table. We’re the only people in this place who aren’t holding hands. “Um,” I say. “Have you been here before?”
“Nope,” Luke says. “But I heard it was wicked good food and that they had parking.” He squints. “Kind of dark, isn’t it?”
Luke’s made reservations and the hostess leads us to our table, which has got to be the most secluded table in the whole damn restaurant. I keep telling myself that he didn’t know the restaurant was so dark and romantic and that he didn’t pick the table, but then again, what if he did?  
We’ve been seated for less than a minute when a waiter dashes over to our table. “May I offer you a drink?”
“I’ll have a glass of pinot noir,” Luke says.
I know having a glass of wine at lunch isn’t a big deal, but I feel like it’s somehow important to have complete control of my senses now. Plus, I’m a lightweight and even one glass of wine is liable to alter my judgment. 
“I’ll have a ginger ale,” I say.
Luke stares at me. I desperately wish I could take back my order, but the waiter has already dashed off to bring our drinks.
“Ginger ale?” he repeats. “Are you five?”
“I like ginger ale,” I say defensively. I pick up my menu and study it intently, avoiding his gaze.
“You know,” he says, grinning, “they don’t have any Happy Meals on there, if that’s what you’re looking for.”
Ho ho, very funny.
The prices in this restaurant are horrifying. I don’t think I’ve ever seen food this expensive before. I end up ordering a salad, even though Luke assures me that the company is paying for the meal and that I should order something big and expensive and that “comes with a toy.” He orders a steak, which costs slightly less than my rent.
“Okay,” Luke says after the waiter takes our orders to the kitchen, “now down to business.”
Finally. He really does want to talk business with me. I’m relieved. 
And also slightly disappointed?
Luke starts spouting out numbers at me and I realize he’s memorized the revenues of each division of our company. This guy knows his stuff. “I really hate to fire anyone,” he says, “but every company has excess. You guys have a lot of excess.”
“Why does everything have to be about profit?” I ask angrily. For a moment, I feel like we’re back in expos class, fighting over a story by Flannery O’Connor.
“I didn’t buy the company to take a loss, Ellie,” he says. And suddenly, I realize that he’s right. He’s not a humanitarian, he’s a businessman. Why would he buy a company just to lose money?
When I’m quiet, he raises his eyebrows at me. “Nothing else to say?”
I shrug. “Well, you’re right. I guess.”
“Holy shit,” he says. “I can’t believe my ears. Twelve Fingers just admitted I’m right. I thought that was against your religion. Maybe you really have changed since college.”
I laugh. “Come on, I wasn’t that bad.”
“Bad?” He smiles. “I loved arguing with you, Ellie. I used to lie in bed awake the night before, trying to think of what I could say to rile you up.”
I stare at him. “You did not!”
“Of course I did,” he insists. “You were so cute arguing with me. That was the best part of my week.”
I can’t believe what I’m hearing. What I thought were heated angry debates was apparently just foreplay to Luke. It figures, I guess.
“So aren’t you going to tell me why your division is the best one?” he says. “And everyone else is shit? That’s what your buddy Lewis did.”
“He didn’t!” I gasp.
“Don’t worry,” Luke says. “He at least said nice things about you. He thinks you’re pretty awesome. In fact, I’d say he’s got quite the crush on you.”
Oh God, that better not be true. “I don’t think so.”
“Oh, I would say he definitely does,” Luke says and winks at me. “So, um, does he have a chance? Are you seeing someone?”
I watch Luke as he picks up his wine glass with his right hand, sliding the neck of his glass between his third and fourth digits, and takes a sip. I keep looking at his hands, with those deep grooves, as much as I try not to. Despite the way they look on the back, his palms seem more normal and they seem to function fairly well, as far as I can tell. But still, they seem like the kind of hands you’d see on some… I don’t know, disabled person. Which I guess is what he is. I shift in my seat. “Yes, I have a boyfriend.”
Surprise registers on Luke’s face. “Oh?” he says. “Is it serious?”
Why not go for broke?  “Yes, it’s pretty serious.” It’s fun pretending I have a serious boyfriend. Much better than telling people I haven’t had a date in months.
“I had no idea,” Luke says in a subdued voice. “What’s his name?”
His name?  His name?? Well, of course, that’s a perfectly reasonable request that I can, of course, answer. Um… “His name is Mike.”
“Mike,” Luke repeats. He looks up at my eyes. His are chocolate-colored and possibly his best feature, although it’s a tough call. He’s still so incredibly sexy from the neck up. “Well, I’d love to have you and Mike over for dinner.”
“That would be great,” I say, figuring this is an empty invitation.
“How about Saturday?”
Luke, you asshole.
At this point, I have two options. I could hire some Dermot Mulroney look-alike to be my date on Saturday (possible), I could find a boyfriend by Saturday (uh…), or I could ’fess up that there is no Mike. I decide honesty is the easiest policy. “All right,” I admit, “I don’t have a boyfriend.”
“I know,” Luke says.
“You know?”
He shrugs. “I asked around.”
“Why did you ask around?”
“Why did you tell me you had a boyfriend?”
We stare at each other for a minute. Finally, Luke drops his head and blows out the candle sitting between us.
“I’m sorry,” I say.
“Don’t be,” he says. “It’s better this way. We both know where we stand. No bullshit.” He adds, “Anyway, I’m kind of your boss, so the things I was contemplating were probably really unethical anyway.”
I’m desperate to ask him exactly what he was contemplating, but I’m afraid to hear the answer. 
***
The rest of our lunch really is a business lunch. We talk about the company and I didn’t realize how many ideas I had to improve efficiency. Luke is really listening to me too. Unless he’s a great actor, which I suppose is possible. Maybe he’s gotten better at hiding the phoniness since college.
“We should do this again tomorrow,” he says as he whips out his credit card without even glancing at the bill. I’d be afraid to look at the bill in this restaurant, but he simply doesn’t care. “This is really helpful for me.”
“It is?” I’m both flattered and suspicious. Does he really care about my ideas?  Or is this just Plan B to get me into bed?
“Ellie,” he says, giving me a serious look. “I never said this to you, but I always really respected you. While the Rosanna Banana hair or whatever was very cute, the reason I liked you was because you were the smartest girl I ever met. All those high school girls… and oh God, the Wellesley girls… they were all so vapid. But you were different.”
I blush. “Well, thanks.”
“So you’ll meet with me again?”
“Yeah, but…” I wave my hand around the restaurant. “This is all too much.”
“Sure.” Luke nods. “I’ll order takeout Chinese food. Are you a chicken-with-broccoli girl?”
He’s right again. I love chicken with broccoli. 
Luke escorts me back to my desk after work. Everyone is watching us and I get this bad feeling that they’re thinking there might be something going on between me and Luke. That maybe I’m sleeping with him in order to keep my job. I would think that after working here so long, people would know that I’m way too square to do something like that, but everyone is ridiculously paranoid right now.
Sure enough, the second I sit down and Luke goes back to his office, Lewis rushes over to my cubicle. He’s got sweat stains under his armpits and I cringe when I remember what Luke said about him having a crush on me. “Hey, Harvard,” he says, “had a nice cozy lunch with the boss?”
I shrug noncommittally.
“I would be careful about sleeping with him,” Lewis says.
My cheeks turn pink. I thought he was just going to hint annoyingly. I can’t believe he just said that. “Excuse me?”
“You know he sleeps with prostitutes, right?” Lewis says. “That’s what everyone says.”
“That’s what everyone says?” I repeat with disgust. I very much doubt Lewis’s “everyone” knows what the hell they’re talking about.
“Well, can you blame him?” Lewis says. “I mean, look at the guy.”
“Get the hell away from my desk, Lewis,” I tell him, giving him a look to show him that I don’t have the patience for this bullshit.
He smirks at me, probably happy to have pissed me off. I am logging back into my computer when I feel a tap on my shoulder. It’s Jenna. Her eyebrows are knitted together in her classic expression of worry.
“You know,” she says, “if you sleep with him, he probably won’t cut our division.”
“Oh my God, Jenna!”
She smiles apologetically. “Well, he’s not that bad. I’d sleep with him over Lewis, for sure.”
“I’m not sleeping with anybody,” I hiss. I wince at the truth in this statement. How long has it been since I’ve had sex?  It’s been… a while. Longer than I’d care to admit.
Okay, it’s been two years.
Is that a long time? I guess it is. When I first left the haven of college and embarked on a city filled with sleazy single guys, I made a rule for myself that I wouldn’t sleep with a man that I had been dating less than three months. Although I’ve been tempted a few times to break the rule, I’ve actually managed to stick with it. I feel like you can regret a one-night stand, but you never regret not sleeping with someone who ends up dumping you after three dates. And lately, nobody has been making it past three months. 
I don’t miss sex that much. I really don’t. There are some women who need a man to feel happy or complete, but that’s not me. I don’t need a guy. I’d rather be alone than with some guy who isn’t right for me.
***
Due to my long lunch, I end up staying late at work to get everything done. Now is definitely not the time to be slacking, not just for me, but for the sake of my entire division. I know Luke probably wouldn’t fire me but I don’t want any of my employees to get fired either.
I finally turn off my computer and gather my belongings to head out for the day, when I realize I’m not alone. Lewis is standing in front of my desk. The pit stains seem to have enlarged over the course of the day and his face is rather shiny as well. “Hey, Ellie,” he says.
He called me “Ellie” rather than “Harvard.” I wonder if he’s making nice after that obnoxious prostitutes comment from before. “Hi,” I say. I purposely avoid eye contact with him.
“Look,” Lewis says, rubbing the stubble on his chin. “I’m sorry about what I said earlier. That was low. I know you’d never sleep with a cripple just to keep your job.”
“Gee, thanks,” I say. I sling my purse over my shoulder. “See you tomorrow.”
“Um, Ellie?” 
I look at him and see he’s biting his lip. “Yes?”
“I was just thinking,” he says, “maybe we should, like, get a few drinks together and talk about, like, our plan for the company. We need to work together if we don’t want to get fired.”
My stomach turns. I’ve got this bad feeling that his idea to get drinks is less about strategizing to keep our jobs, and more about him jamming his tongue down my throat when we’ve both had a few beers in us. I’m way too old to fall for that trick. “I’ve got plans,” I lie.
“Really?” Lewis raises his eyebrows at me.
Am I just the worst liar on the face of the planet? Or is it that obvious that I can’t possibly have a life outside of work? “Really.”
“Oh.” Lewis looks really disappointed, and for a moment, I feel guilty. Then I remember what a jerk he is, and how he’s the last person in the world I’d want to go out with. Well, the last person after Luke, that is.
The most exciting part of my evening is coming up with fake plans during my T ride home. In case anyone asks me about it, I went to a bachelorette party in a bar. My gift to the bride was a red thong.
This time I’m carrying a brown paper bag from a Thai takeout restaurant when I’m trying to slip by Sadie’s apartment unnoticed. As usual, she catches me in the act.
“Ellie!” she exclaims when she sees me. 
I halt guiltily. “Hi, Sadie.”
She stares pointedly at the brown paper bag. “Is that Chinese takeout?”
“No…” I say. When she raises her eyebrows, I admit, “It’s Thai.”
Sadie sighs. “Oh, Ellie, how do you expect to find a beau if you don’t cook?”
“I cook,” I say defensively. I do! Mostly stuff in the microwave. That counts though. I mean, I have to press a button that says “cook” so that means it’s cooking.
Sadie squints up at my face. “Are you wearing make-up, dear?”
I touch my face self-consciously. “No… well, just a little.”
A slow smile spreads across Sadie’s wrinkled face. “There’s a man you like, isn’t there?”
“No,” I say quickly. Maybe too quickly.
“Don’t worry,” Sadie says. “I’ll give you a cooking lesson this weekend and you’ll have him wrapped around your little finger in no time.”
Before I can tell her not to bother, Sadie rushes off into her apartment, probably to look up sexy recipes. 
She is absolutely wrong about this one. I don’t like Luke. Yes, I did put on make-up, which I don’t usually do, but that was just to look respectable for my boss. It was a totally innocent gesture. 
I swear.
 

Chapter Seven

I’m not wearing a scrap of make-up when I show up at Luke’s office at exactly noon the next day. Well, it’s more like 11:59AM, as I’m unable to squash my anal-retentive desire to be early. As I pass his secretary Michelle’s desk and she waves me in, she gets this grin on her face that I can’t quite read. Oh God, she doesn’t think we’re sleeping together too, does she?
When I enter Luke’s office, he’s hard at work on his computer. I remember how deeply tanned he used to be in college (from all those summers in Greece) with his already blond hair highlighted with gold from the sun… but now he’s bordering on pale. “Hi, Ellie,” he says. “What’s wrong?”
“I was just wondering,” I say, “do you ever go to Greece anymore?”
The way Luke looks at me blankly pretty much gives me my answer. “Oh God,” he groans. “I haven’t been there in years. How did you know about that?”
“You mentioned on the first day of expos that your family had a villa there,” I remind him, putting emphasis on the word “villa.”
“Did I?” He grins. “Wow, I was such a pretentious prick. No wonder you wouldn’t hook up with me. Anyway, it’s more like a house than a villa. I don’t even know what the hell a villa is… I was probably just trying to impress everyone.”
“Why don’t you go there anymore?”
“No time,” he says with a shrug. “Anyway, I try not to fly any more than I absolutely have to… I end up getting shuffled around like a piece of luggage at the airport. And the beaches are a bitch to wheel around.”
I narrow my eyes at him. “Hey, I always wondered: Are you really fluent in French, Greek, and German?”
“What, you think I was a liar too?” he laughs. “Yeah, I’m fluent.”
“Say something in French.”
He thinks for a minute, then says in perfectly accented French: “Je suis en amour avec vous.”
“What does that mean?”
He smiles. “It means, ‘I value your friendship.’”
“Aw,” I say.
“So what languages do you speak?”
“Oh, lots,” I reply. “C, C++, Lisp, Perl, FORTRAN…”
“I get it, those are computer languages.”
“Muy bien.”
Luke grins. “Still a nerd.”
Our eyes meet and my tummy inexplicably does a little flip-flop. I’m immediately surprised at myself. Luke wasn’t my type sixteen years ago and he’s even less my type now. Yet… well, I don’t know. It’s weird. There’s just something about him. 
At that moment, Michelle interrupts us with a big brown bag of Chinese food. I skipped breakfast this morning and the smell is so unbelievable that I practically claw the bag open. There are paper plates inside and Luke tells me not to worry about it and I’m allowed to eat on his ridiculously expensive mahogany desk. I dig into my chicken with broccoli and practically moan in ecstasy. We’re right near Chinatown so there’s a lot of good Chinese food in the financial district, but this is the best I’ve ever had by a mile. “Oh my God,” I say. “Where did you get this Chinese food?”
“It’s a secret.”
“Are you serious?”
Luke nods. “It’s like crack. If this is the only place you can get it, you’ll have to come back.”
“I have to come back anyway,” I point out. “You’re my boss.”
Luke still won’t tell me where he ordered this food. Maybe I can bribe Michelle to tell me.
“All right,” he says. “We better get some work done, or else everyone is going to think you’re coming here to have sex to save your job.”
My face turns a little red. I had no idea that Luke guessed what people were saying to me. “They’re going to think that anyway.”
“Sorry.”
“Screw ’em,” I say. “Does everyone think that about you too?”
“Well, yeah,” he says. “But it’s not as much of an insult when they say it to me.”
I’m not entirely sure about that, but I don’t argue the point. Luke turns to his computer and brings up a page of notes that he made. I’m actually amazed that he really was listening to everything that I said yesterday. We talk and he types in my thoughts using just his index fingers. I wonder if he does that because of his injury or if he was always a two-finger typist.
“Thanks for your help, Ellie,” he says after nearly an hour has gone by.
“My pleasure,” I say, yawning because I’ve eaten way too much. Jenna once commented that she wished this country would institute siestas. Although that probably wouldn’t help our company’s productivity.
“Same time tomorrow?” 
“Sure!” I say with an enthusiasm that embarrasses me. I clear my throat and try to look less enthusiastic.
Of course, I’m not excited because of Luke or anything. He has absolutely nothing to do with it. What I’m thrilled about is that after years of labor, someone is actually listening to my ideas. I feel important. Maybe I can help save some of my colleagues’ jobs.
***
Every day over the next two weeks, I end up in Luke’s office for lunch. We do talk about work a lot, but it seems like every day we end up socializing more and more. By the end of the second week, we probably spent about five minutes total on work.
I’m not even sure what we talk about exactly. Sometimes we talk about people we both knew at Harvard… I wouldn’t use the word “mutual friends” because I don’t think any people like that existed. We hung around in very different crowds. We had a large class of about 1500 people, but there were still several people that we both knew. “What happened to that roommate of yours?” Luke asks me one day. “The one with the lips. Daphne?”
“Delia?” I don’t know what he’s talking about with “the lips.” Men notice the oddest things.
“That’s right.”
“She does family practice in Idaho,” I tell him. “She’s married and has two kids.”
“Idaho?” Luke crinkles his nose, which I have to admit, is the same look I gave her when she told me she was moving there.
“I know,” I say.
“And what about that boyfriend of yours?” Luke asks.
I didn’t know Luke was even paying attention to me at the point that I started dating Noah. I met him in one of my complex analysis class during junior year: Noah Weinstein, God of Mathematics. Above all, I respected intelligence back then. I ogled smart men like other women ogled movie stars. If it were socially acceptable to have a pin-up of Albert Einstein, then… well, I probably still wouldn’t have, but you get the idea. In retrospect, the way Noah spouted out answers in our math section was not entirely different than the way Luke mouthed off his opinions in our expos class, but somehow I found myself in awe of Noah’s brilliance. 
It was good between Noah and me in the beginning. I was his first girlfriend and he was grateful just to have me and to be getting laid. But eventually, his arrogance seeped through and I could tell he thought he was destined for greater things than little old me.
“I don’t know,” I say. “He got some scholarship in England and that’s the last I heard of him.”
“What an idiot,” Luke comments.
“He wasn’t an idiot,” I say quietly. “He was brilliant.”
“Well, he was definitely extremely ugly,” Luke says.
I start laughing. With his sticklike frame and blazing red hair and freckles, Noah wasn’t anybody’s conception of handsome, especially compared with Luke. Maybe that’s the real reason I was willing to date him—because his looks didn’t intimidate me the way Luke’s did. “Okay, he wasn’t Brad Pitt or anything, but…”
“Oh, come on,” Luke says. “You probably never saw him again because they captured him and put him on display in the zoo.”
I’m laughing hard enough now that there are actually a few tears in my eyes. “Stop…”
“Seriously, I couldn’t believe you picked that guy over me.” Luke shakes his head. “Talk about blows to the old self-esteem…”
“And what about that blonde cheerleader type from Wellesley you were sucking face with through all of senior year?” I remind him, wiping my eyes.
“Margo?” He shakes his head. “She decided to believe the doctors who said I wasn’t going to walk again, and she took off.”
I stare at him, the smile gone from my face. “Oh my God, Luke, I’m so sorry…”
“Don’t be.” He shrugs. “It wasn’t true love. If she got in some disfiguring accident, I would have dumped her just as fast.”
I’m not entirely sure that’s true. Luke is nowhere near as shallow as I thought he was. After all, he liked me.
Sometimes I wonder what would have happened if I had hooked up with Luke that night in college. Maybe we would have dated a few months, but I can’t believe it would have gone any further than that. We were just too different. We still are, yet… well, he’s not quite as awful as I thought he was. Maybe.
***
That night when I get home from work, I’m proud to report I don’t have a scrap of make-up on my face. That’s proof that I don’t actually like Luke. At least not in that way.
When I get up to my floor, Sadie is standing in the hallway talking to another of my elderly neighbors, a seventysomething woman named Ethel. They’re both wearing housecoats and fuzzy slippers. I swear, nobody in my building is under retirement age. 
“Hi, Ellie!” Sadie says cheerfully. “Are you going out with your suitor tonight?”
“Um,” I say. “I don’t really have a suitor, Sadie.”
“Of course she doesn’t!” Ethel pipes up. “Don’t be dumb, Sadie.”
I stare at Ethel in surprise. I always thought Ethel was a nice-enough lady, so I didn’t expect her to insult me (or Sadie) that way. 
“How could you say that?” Sadie cries in my defense. “Ellie is beautiful!” She bites her lip. “Well, except for her hips. But she’s working on that.”
Great.
“Oh, Sadie,” Ethel sighs. “Don’t you know anything?” She gives me a knowing look. “Ellie is a lesbian. She’s not interested in having any suitors.”
Seriously?  
“No!” Sadie gasps. “Is that true, Ellie?”
I start to tell her that it absolutely is not true, but Ethel quickly cuts me off: “Ellie, you don’t have to stay in the closet. Just because we’re old, it doesn’t mean we’re not understanding about this stuff.” She smiles proudly. “My granddaughter is a lesbian, you know. I could set you up if you’d like. She’s really pretty.”
Okay, I have to put an end to this right now. “I’m not a lesbian,” I say. Ethel looks very skeptical, so I add, “Really.”
“I told you,” Sadie says smugly.
“Oh,” Ethel says. She seems really disappointed. “So why are you still single then?”
“It’s her hips,” Sadie says.
I don’t really want to discuss why I’m single with these women, considering I haven’t entirely figured it out myself. I suspect this is going to get very insulting and possibly end up with my having to take home another tub of pot roast. So I excuse myself, run back to my apartment, and take a nice long bath.
 

Chapter Eight

As we’re finishing up the last of our Subway sandwiches on Friday, Luke gives me a look like he wants to say something. He hooks his thumb into his tie and loosens it slightly, all the while glancing up at me nervously. Also, he keeps shifting in his wheelchair, which is something he does a lot, but he’s doing it a lot more right now. Somehow I think again of his ramrod-straight posture in college. “Um,” he finally says. “I was wondering if you could do me a favor, Ellie.”
I never agree to a favor without knowing what it is, especially from a guy like Luke. “What is it?”
“There’s this thing tomorrow…” He gives me a pained look. “It’s at an art gallery near Newton, a new exhibit opening, whatever. Really boring. Anyway, I said I’d be there. And… I was just thinking… maybe you’d be willing to… go with me?” He quickly amends, “As a work acquaintance.”
“Oh.” I bite my lip. I don’t want to go. Yet, I also sort of do. “What about Michelle?  Can’t you go with her?” 
Luke shakes his head. “Nuh-uh. If I go with Michelle, everyone will be thinking I’m some dirty old man boinking my hot young secretary.”
“So if I go, nobody will think you’re boinking me?” 
“Nah, never.”
I’ve never been at a fancy artsy event before. It doesn’t really sound like my cup of tea, but then again, Luke is giving me this desperate look. I’ve had a lot of fun hanging out with him the last two weeks, so maybe we’ll have fun together. 
“All right,” I agree.
His eyes light up. 
I quickly add, “Platonic, right?”
“Of course,” Luke says, as if I asked a preposterous question.
***
I go out to dinner with Jenna that night, mostly reassure her that her job is safe and the sky isn’t going to come crashing down on her any time soon. We get dinner at a local bar and Jenna bemoans the fact that men never buy her drinks anymore. “I’m getting too old,” she sniffles.
“Oh, stop it,” I say. Jenna is two years younger than me. I don’t get bought drinks either, although I was never really the type of girl that men hit on in bars.
“So,” she says, “how is Luke Thayer in bed?”
“Jenna!” I roll my eyes. “Come on…”
“Well, I don’t mean ‘in bed,’” she corrects herself, grinning. “Because obviously it happens in his office. But you know what I mean.”
“Nothing happens,” I insist. “And nothing’s going to happen. Luke just wants my help with the company.”
“Look, you don’t need to be embarrassed,” Jenna says. “I mean, I know he’s in the wheelchair, but he’s not entirely grotesque. His face is cute, at least. Really cute.”
“Jenna,” I groan. 
“How does that work anyway?” she asks. “Do you guys do it in his chair?”
“No!” I cry. “We don’t do it anywhere! I repeat, I’m not having sex with him. Come on, you know me.”
Jenna blinks. “Okay, fine.” She runs a hand through her hair. Jenna has red hair that she completely hates, but I think is very pretty. “So what are you up to tomorrow?  Do you want to catch a movie?”
“I can’t,” I mumble. “I’m going to this… art… thing.”
Jenna’s eyes widen. “Oh my God, are you going to the opening of the new exhibit in Newton?”
How the hell does she know about these things?  “Um, yeah.”
“Who are you going with?” Her eyes narrow.
She’s got me. My face is scarlet. “Luke.” I quickly add, “As friends.”
Jenna looks at me a long time. She takes a sip of her beer. “Really, Ellie, what’s going on? I believe you that you’re not sleeping with him, but… do you like him?”
No. I don’t. I don’t like Luke. He’s disagreeable, to put it mildly. He’s a rich, arrogant, cold, heartless businessman. The only reason I’m spending any time with him at all is for the good of the company. I certainly am not thinking about him at all in a romantic way. Even if I were looking for a boyfriend now, which I’m not, the last person I would pick would be Luke. And yes, he does smell nice sometimes, but that’s neither here nor there. I’m certainly not spending any time whatsoever fantasizing about him.
“You do!” Jenna cries, her eyes widening. “You do! You like him!”
“No, I don’t,” I mumble. “I just… think he’s sort of interesting. That’s all.”
“Well, he’s available, right?” she asks. “I mean, he’s got to be single.”
Everybody seemed to make that assumption about Luke. And I suppose they’re right. “Yeah, he is,” I confirm. “But he’s not for me. He’s not my type at all.”
“Hey, it can’t be too bad having a rich boyfriend,” she points out. “I bet he’d buy you lots of expensive things.”
“Because I love expensive things, right?” I laugh. I’m the kind of girl who buys most of my furniture at Ikea. Expensive things make me uncomfortable.
The more Jenna and I drink, the more I start thinking about Luke. I don’t know what’s wrong with me sometimes. Luke is absolutely not for me. That’s one thing I’m 100 percent sure of.
 

Chapter Nine

That night, I have my typical work dream. I’m sitting at my computer and I’ve got some big assignment due. I’m typing in code but it takes me forever just to type one line. And then as I type, the code is disappearing from the screen. I look at the clock, which keeps ticking forward, my deadline moving closer. I’m freaking out. And now the phone is ringing…
The phone is ringing.
I rub my eyes and sit up in bed. My vision is still blurry without my contacts in but I can just barely read the number on the clock: 8:17AM. Who the hell is waking me up this early on a Saturday morning?
“Hello,” I bark, ready to give whomever is calling a piece of my mind.
“Ellie?” It’s Luke. “Sorry, I didn’t interrupt anything, did I?”
“Just sleep,” I mumble, my anger subsiding slightly.
“You were sleeping?” He sounds amazed. “It’s after eight, isn’t it?”
Luke apparently leads a very different life than I do. “It’s all right,” I say. “Um, what is it?”
“Look,” he says. “There’s something I need to ask you but… you have to promise not to be insulted.”
I hate it when people say that. Because when someone says something like that, they’re clearly about to ask you something really insulting. “What is it?”
“What are you planning to wear tonight?”
“Oh.” I scratch my head. “Uh, I hadn’t really thought about it.”
“These art gallery things,” he says, “they’re ridiculously swanky. You need to really dress up. And I was just wondering if you have anything kind of… you know, flashy yet elegant.”
I stumble out of bed in the direction of my closet. I push a few suits jackets out of the way and gaze upon my small supply of dresses. They’re mostly black. I don’t think any of them cost more than $50. I don’t know if any of them qualify as “flashy yet elegant.”
“Not really,” I admit.
“Okay, no problem,” he says. “I’ll buy you something. Are you free this afternoon?”
“Um, yeah,” I say. “But you don’t have to buy me anything. I’ll just run over to the Gap and pick something up.”
“The Gap?” He sounds horrified. “No, Ellie. You’re not buying a dress at the Gap. Let me pick you up and I’ll take you somewhere decent.”
Somewhere decent. I can’t even imagine what sort of place he has in mind. Good thing he’s offered to pay. 
“I’ll pick you up at three,” he says. “Why don’t you bring your make-up and stuff and you can change at my place. Then we’ll go straight from there.”
“Where do you live?” I ask.
“I’m sharing a studio apartment in South Boston,” Luke says.
I frown at the phone. “You… what?”
“Just kidding, Ellie. I’ve got a house out in Newton. You didn’t really think I’d live in a studio in South Boston, did you?”
Sometimes I kind of hate him.
***
As I’m coming out of the shower, I hear the doorbell to my apartment ringing, followed by three sharp raps. Then the doorbell rings again. Somebody is eager. “Okay, I’m coming!” I shout, wrapping a housecoat around me.
For a moment, I wonder if it’s Luke come early, but then I realize that there’s a flight of stairs to get to my apartment and no elevator. So I’m thinking it can’t be him.
Instead it’s Sadie. Holding a mixing bowl filled with ingredients.
“Time for your cooking lesson!” Sadie chirps.
Oh no.
“Listen,” I say. “This is very nice of you and all, but…”
Sadie’s face falls. I can’t do this to her. She’s such a nice old woman and she really does mean well. I think I’m going to have to learn to make…
I look in the mixing bowl. I see prunes. Oh my God, what are we making here?
“I just have to be done by three,” I say. “Because I’m meeting… someone.”
“Oh, don’t worry,” Sadie says cheerfully. “Hamantaschen doesn’t take nearly that long. We’ll be done in plenty of time for you to give your suitor a sample.”
Haman… what now?
“Now we can either make them with apricots or prunes,” Sadie says. 
“Apricots, please,” I say.
Sadie frowns. “Prunes are better for your bowels.”
Oh, for the love of God, let this be over quickly.
***
It turns out that Sadie is not that great at making hamantaschen. She ends up consulting her recipe at least two dozen times, but she can’t see very well and her handwriting looks like chicken scratch. So essentially, we have to make up the recipe as we go along. When we finish, we have about a dozen little apricot-filled triangles that are roughly the consistency of hockey pucks. 
Sadie is tidying up my kitchen while I get dressed in jeans and a tank top, when my cell phone rings. It’s Luke. “You’re early,” I say.
“I’m always early,” he says. “That’s how you throw the enemy off their game.”
“I’m the enemy?”
“God, I hope not.” I hear honking in the background. “Hey, you think you can come down here?  Brookline is a nightmare for parking. I’m right outside your building.”
“Give me two minutes,” I say.
When I emerge from the bedroom, Sadie has wrapped the hamantaschen in tin foil for me. “Was that your suitor?” she asks.
“He’s not my…” Oh hell. “Yes. It was.”
“Oh, good,” Sadie says. “Now give him these pastries. You don’t have to tell him I helped. That can be our little secret.” And she winks at me.
I really didn’t want to come out of the building carrying a tin foil package of hamantaschen, but Sadie is watching me, so I don’t have much of a choice. I am just way too nice.
When I get to Luke’s car, I see that I’m incredibly underdressed compared to him. He’s wearing a suit and tie, looking just like he came from the office. Actually, maybe he did.
“Were you at work today?” I ask him.
“Of course,” he says, as if anything else would be ridiculous. He glances at the tin foil package I’m clutching. “What’s that?”
I feel my cheeks turning red. “It’s these pastries my neighbor helped me make for you.”
Luke raises his eyebrows. “You told your neighbor about me?”
Now my cheeks really are red. “Just… you know, that you were my boss.”
He works open the tin foil and pulls out one of the triangles. “Hey, hamantaschen!”
“Wow, you know what that is?”
“Of course.” He grins at me. “I live in Newton. These things are like donuts over there.” He takes a bite and I see his brown eyes widen. He puts his hand over his mouth and I can tell he’s trying not to spit it out.
“They’re a little hard,” I admit.
“Jesus Christ,” Luke gasps. “Did you also tell your neighbor that you hate me and you want to kill me?
Hmph. They’re not that bad.
Luke hands me back my failed hamantaschen, then he pulls onto Harvard Street and I grab onto the edge of my seat as a guy practically leaps in front of the car and we come to a screeching halt. “Idiot,” he mumbles as he guns the engine again and we barely miss a woman with a baby carriage. This is why I hate driving in the Boston area. “Can you go slower?” I ask weakly.
“Slower?” Luke makes a face. “How long have you lived here?  You gotta be aggressive, Ellie. Mow down the pedestrians. Kill or be killed.”
“Have you ever been in a car accident?” I ask him.
“Got rear-ended once in a traffic circle,” he says. “Total bullshit.” 
Twenty minutes later, Luke’s Mercedes pulls up in front of a smallish boutique. Even as I’m getting out of the car, I can see how expensive this place looks. I’m worried if I walk inside, the air will cost like $10 per breath. I wait as Luke grabs his wheelchair out of the back seat and pops the wheels back into place. As soon as he wheels up beside me, I lean over and whisper, “Are you sure about this place?”
It’s not just that the place looks too expensive. It just looks too fancy. I’m worried that if I walk inside, they’ll ask me to leave now without making a scene. And although Luke does seem wealthy, I don’t know how the wheelchair will go over in a place like this.
“Calm down, Ellie,” he says. “I buy all my suits here. If they can make me look marginally good, I think you’re in very capable hands.”
Sure enough, the second we get inside, a pretty Asian girl in her late twenties rushes over to us with a warm expression on her face. “Luke!” she says. “You need a tux for the art gallery tonight?”
Luke shakes his head. “No, thanks, Irene, I’m good. Ellie here needs a dress.”
“Oh.” Irene looks me up and down with exactly the expression I’d expect to see from a person who worked in a swanky boutique like this. I know I shouldn’t let it get to me, but I feel my skin turning pink. On days like this, I’m glad I straighten my hair.

“I told her you’d make sure she’ll look gorgeous for tonight,” Luke says.
Irene turns back to Luke, who is obviously a favorite client, and nods enthusiastically. “Of course! What did you have in mind?”
“I don’t know,” he says thoughtfully. “What would you like, Ellie?”
“Um,” I say. Honestly, I’m not sure I’ve ever even been to an art gallery, much less been to an opening of some exhibit. I have no clue what I’m supposed to wear. “Whatever you think…”
Irene rolls her eyes a bit, but I don’t think Luke catches it. “Why don’t you browse a bit and I’ll see what I’ve got in the back.”
As Irene goes in the back, possibly to make fun of me while she pretends to search for clothes, I finger a simple white shirt that’s on display. I see the price tag hanging out and I gasp and jump back five feet. 
“What’s wrong?” Luke asks, alarmed.
“That shirt is $350!”
“Oh.” He shrugs. “So?”
“So… it’s a white shirt! I could get that at Walmart for, like, $15. The exact same thing.” 
“Well, what are we doing here then?” Luke says. “Lemme get the car and we’ll go to Walmart. We can pick up some donut holes for the party on the way.”
I stick out my tongue at him and he laughs. I guess he’s right though. If you’re going to go someplace fancy, you gotta dress fancy. But I really kind of have to wonder what sort of world we’re living in where there are people who would pay $350 for a white shirt.
Irene emerges from the back carrying what appears to be a simple black dress, but Irene announces is, in fact, “an Oscar de la Renta metallic floral lace gown.” It looks pretty unexciting, but Luke seems to like it, so I try to seem enthusiastic. 
“It’s fab,” I say. Fab? Where did I come up with that word?  Even Luke is looking at me with a bemused expression on his face and mouthing “fab?”
“You two can go in the back so she can try it on,” Irene suggests.
“Um,” Luke says. “Actually, we’re not… I mean, Ellie should just go herself…”
I can’t help but notice the twinge of a smile on Irene’s face on confirming that Luke and I aren’t actually a couple. Does she like him?  And why does that thought fill me with…. I don’t know what… jealousy? Nah, not jealousy.
I go into the changing room, shrug off my jeans and sweater, and slide the dress onto my body. There’s a mirror in there, which is great for making sure I don’t look like an idiot before I go back outside. 
Except I don’t look like an idiot at all. In fact, I look absolutely amazing. Like a movie star or something. I always made fun of people who shopped at expensive stores, and I said you could get the same clothes for a quarter of the price. But I was wrong. This dress is gorgeous. It transforms me from a dowdy software engineer into… well, someone beautiful. I can’t stop staring at myself.
My elbow brushes against something and I realize it’s the price tag. I look at it and my heart sinks. This dress costs over $5,000. How is that even possible??  I’ve never owned anything that cost that much, even a car. I can’t let Luke buy this dress for me. I can’t. It’s out of the question.
I emerge from the dressing room. Irene and Luke are chatting and he says something that Irene thinks is funny and she slugs him in the shoulder playfully. I have to admit, I’m still wearing the dress. I can’t seem to take it off. I figure, just a few minutes longer and I’ll say goodbye forever.
Luke’s jaw drops open when he sees me. “That’s the dress,” he says. “We’re taking it.”
“But Luke…” I get closer to him and lower my voice, hoping Irene won’t hear even though I know she will. “It costs $5,000.” 
He doesn’t even flinch. “Yeah, so? That’s how much dresses cost.”
“That’s actually one of our cheaper dresses,” Irene adds haughtily. I’m really beginning to dislike this woman.
“I’m just not sure I feel comfortable…”
“Don’t worry about it,” Luke says. He glances at his watch. “Come on, we still need to get you shoes.”
***
I feel slightly ill as I think about how much money Luke just spent on me as we drive to his apartment. I didn’t know it was possible for shoes to cost that much money. We also had to buy a pair of black pantyhose, since mine all have rips. I generally just wear slacks to work.
Luke seems entirely unconcerned though, as he sends out an email on his iPhone. I still haven’t figured out how much use he has of his hands, so I have to admit I’m staring a bit. Finally, Luke looks up at me and says, “What?”
“Nothing,” I say quickly. “Just… it’s hard to hit the buttons on those things, isn’t it?”
Luke puts down the iPhone and lays his hands out in front of him. “All my cervical nerves are still working,” he says. “So I can still bend and extend my fingers fairly well, although not perfect. But I’m missing my T1 nerve, which means I can’t really spread my fingers apart. It looks worse than it is, honestly. Mostly, it’s just that my dexterity sucks. But I’d be screwed if I couldn’t answer emails on my phone, so I adapt. The iPhone is pretty sensitive to touch.”
“Oh,” I say, feeling slightly embarrassed for forcing him to explain.
He shrugs. I guess this isn’t the first time someone has stared at his hands.
I clear my throat, desperate to change the topic. “I think Irene has a crush on you,” I say to him. I still can’t get over how much money we spent on that dress.
He sticks his iPhone in his pocket and smirks at me. “I don’t think so.”
“She was totally flirting,” I insist.
“Of course she was flirting,” he says. “Do you know how much commission she makes off me each year?  I probably single-handedly pay her rent. There’s a difference between someone liking you for your money and liking you for yourself.”
“See, I don’t have that problem,” I say. “Anyone who likes me for my money is very deluded.”
“Well, it sucks,” Luke says. “Especially when it’s a woman and you don’t realize it right away.”
He looks kind of sad all of a sudden. I look at his hands and his body and wonder how many of his recent past relationships have been with women who were only interested in him for his money. I’m guessing it’s a lot.
 

Chapter Ten

Luke’s house is amazing. Please excuse my language, but holy shit.
Compared with my parents’ house in New Jersey, this place is like a mansion. It is huge. The estate stretches out over the length of practically an entire block. The furniture all looks brand-new and obscenely expensive, and he’s got the most high tech entertainment system I’ve ever seen. And did I mention his house is enormous? I feel like if I wander too far away, I’ll get lost. I’m glad I’ve got my cell phone.
“So what do you think?” Luke asks me, grinning at my expression.
“It’s…” I clear my throat. “Okay. Very nice.”
“Wasn’t cheap,” he says. “I don’t want to give numbers, but trust me, it cost a little more than your dress.”
I believe him. He lives in Newton, which is known for being a fairly wealthy neighborhood with expensive houses. I was considering living there way back when and changed my mind quickly when I saw the rents. I guess that isn’t much of an issue for Luke, though.
God, how can I go back to my tiny apartment after seeing this house? It’s so unfair! This place is amazing. 
The house is two stories and I notice a staircase in the living room with a seat attached to the banister. “What’s that?” I ask him.
“Oh,” he says. “That’s in case I want to get upstairs. I’ve got an old spare wheelchair up at the top. But I’ve got my bedroom, my office, and everything down here. Upstairs is just the guest rooms. I wanted a one-story place but I didn’t see any I liked as much as this house.” 
I gaze up the stairs. I guess there isn’t much need for one person to have a second story. 
“Can I get you a drink?” Luke asks. 
“Do you have Perrier?” I don’t know why I asked for Perrier. I don’t even want it. But it feels like the kind of thing you should be drinking in a house like this.
“Perrier?” Luke stares at me. “I’ve got… tap water?  Or wine?”
“Yes, wine, please,” I say. Lord, I need a drink.
I follow Luke to his mini-bar (he has a mini-bar!) and he pours me a glass of wine, as well as one for himself. I’m shaking a bit as I pick up the glass. “You okay, Ellie?” he asks me.
“Yes, I’m fine,” I swallow. I down the wine in about two gulps. 
“Good,” he says. “Now go get dressed.”
Luke tells me to go upstairs to one of the fifty billion guest bedrooms he has up there. At the top of the stairs, I see his spare wheelchair leaning against the banister. Unlike the chair he usually sits in, this one looks more like the kind I sat in when I got my tonsils out at the hospital. It’s large and clunky, with separate footrests. It’s the kind of wheelchair you might see someone’s elderly grandfather sitting in. I can see why Luke doesn’t like to come up here much.
I wander into one of the spare bedrooms and I put on the fantastic black dress. I do my make-up, making my eyes look dark and sexy, and I wear my hair loose and shiny. As I stare at myself in the bathroom mirror, I think this might be the best I’ve ever looked in my life. I feel so incredibly sexy.
When I come out of the bedroom, I see that Luke has dressed up in his tuxedo. If he got the tux at that boutique, that place is worth every penny. He looks… okay, I admit, he looks hot. Really hot. The jacket does a good job concealing the imperfections of his body and the dark color makes his eyes look very intense. His face is clean-shaven and the vague smell of his aftershave is just as tantalizing as it was sixteen years ago. He seems to even be sitting up a little straighter in his chair.
He turns his chair to look at me, and he seems to be rendered speechless. For like a full minute, we’re just kind of standing there, staring at each other stupidly. 
He swallows hard. “Jesus, Ellie.”
“You like it?” I ask, feeling really shy all of a sudden for some reason.
“Are you joking?” He reaches his hand out as if he wants to grab me, then drops it back onto his lap. “I wish we weren’t going to this party. I wish…”
“What?” I squeeze my hands into fists. I don’t know what I’m hoping he’ll say. But suddenly I’m having thoughts about him that are very out of the ordinary for me. I’m thinking about what his lips would feel like, his hot breath against my skin. 
He grabs the wheels of his chair and shifts his weight. “I, um… nothing. Nothing.” He smiles, although it looks forced. “We should probably get going, huh?”
I shake my head, trying to clear it. What the hell got into me?
I go to grab my purse from his couch, feeling very much like Cinderella going to the ball. “I really miss dressing up,” I say. “I shouldn’t tell you how long it’s been since I’ve had a date.”
“Hmm,” Luke says. “I’m sure I have you beat.”
“Six months.”
“Two years.”
I gasp. “You’re kidding, right?” I stare at Luke. He may be in a wheelchair, but he’s certainly not bad-looking in his dark tux. It’s hard to believe he could be having such a long dry spell.
“No, but thanks for not making me feel weird about it.” He rolls his eyes. “It’s like I said, it’s pretty hard to tell if a woman likes you for your money or yourself. I mean, it’s one thing if they like you but also find the money a turn-on. I could deal with that. But when they’re basically just tolerating you because of the money, well…”
I don’t know what to say to that. 
“My most recent girlfriend, Rebecca, was the last straw,” he says. “We were going out for six months and I was being respectful and, you know, taking things slow. In retrospect, she didn’t even want to kiss me, but I really liked her so I was oblivious. One night things went to the bedroom, and…”
His face is a little red. He shakes his head. “I don’t know why I’m telling you this.”
“It’s okay,” I say, although actually, I’m sort of wishing he weren’t telling me this story. 
“Well,” he says, “I guess you’ve already rejected me twice, so what’s the difference, huh?”
I don’t say anything.
“Anyway,” he shrugs. “Needless to say, there was no sex that night. As soon as I got undressed and was in the bed, Rebecca started crying and said she couldn’t go through with it. She actually cried. Apparently, even hundreds of millions of dollars didn’t make it worth it for her to sleep with me. That’s how much I disgusted my own girlfriend. That one really haunts me.”
He looks really upset telling the story and I can see how much this affected him. I guess I don’t blame him. If a guy saw me naked and told me he couldn’t go through with having sex with me, I’d probably have to join a convent. And it especially must have been rough for a guy like Luke, who was used to getting any girl he wanted in college. I suspect I was the only girl to turn him down through all of college. I never really thought he wanted me anyway, just that he wanted the challenge of someone who wasn’t going to fall for him the second he snapped his fingers. But that’s not the case anymore. I remember how much I resented him back in college, but I don’t feel that way anymore. “Luke…”
“It’s fine,” he says sharply. “It just… doesn’t make me want to jump out there into the dating pool.”
I remember what Lewis said about the rumor that Luke saw prostitutes. For a moment, I wonder if there’s truth in that. It’s probably easier to know you’re paying for it than to always be wondering. 
“So how about you?” he says. “How come you don’t have a more active social life?  I mean, I have a good excuse, but you’re gorgeous.”
“I’m not gorgeous,” I mumble. I’m really not. Really. Even in this fantastic dress, I’m not even close.
“Of course you are,” he says, as if debating the matter was ridiculous. He studies me for a second. “Oh shit, you’re not a lesbian, are you?”
“Luke!” Why does everyone keep saying that?
“Well, I just can’t figure it out,” he says.
Hmph. I don’t think it’s quite so much of a mystery. Honestly, I don’t see how more people aren’t single. It seems amazing that so many people could find someone else that they’re compatible with and attracted to. I blame desperation for the number of marriages out there.
***
Luke gets a car to take us to the art gallery. I figure it’ll be some kind of sedan, so I’m shocked when an amazing black stretch limousine pulls up in Luke’s driveway. “Whoa,” I say.
“Sorry,” he says. “You kind of have to make a big appearance.”
I slide into the leather seats. I can’t believe I’m wearing a five-thousand-dollar dress and sitting in a limo. This feels like some kind of bizarre Twilight Zone episode where I switched lives with some rich woman. Any minute now, a talking doll is going to pop out and kill me.
“I don’t think I’ve ever been in a limo before,” I say.
“Really?” Luke’s shocked. “What about prom night?”
“Prom night?” I snort. “I don’t think I’ve been to a prom in my life.”
“Why not?”
“Never had a date.”
“You?” Luke raises his eyebrows. “Twelve fingers?  Rosanna Banana?  I don’t believe it.”
“Shut up.” I stick my tongue out at him. 
I never really thought of Boston as being any kind of Mecca of the arts, so I use that as an excuse to be apathetic. I visited the Fine Arts Museum rather reluctantly when some friends dragged me there. I guess I’m not really all that into art, to be totally honest. I don’t get art. I don’t mind looking at paintings, but I don’t get how people spend hours, years, or even lifetimes analyzing a piece of art. I mean, who gives a shit if Mona Lisa is smiling or not? It’s just a picture.
“You go to art galleries much?” Luke asks me, watching me from his seat within the limo. I’m seat-belted into one side of the car and he’s at the other side. We’re about as far from one another as we can get while still being in the same vehicle.
“What do you think?”
“I don’t think you seem like much of a lover of the arts,” he says. 
“Oh really?
He nods. “I bet when someone tells you they majored in art history, the first thing you think is: ‘What a waste.’” He pauses. “You seem more like the analytical type. Am I right?”
I snort. “How do you do that?”
“Do what?”
“Always know exactly what I’m thinking?”
Luke winks at me. “Didn’t you know? You’re an open book, Ellie.”
At that moment, the car idles in front of the gallery. Much like the boutique, it reeks of wealth. My stomach does flip-flops and I tell myself that my expensive dress will make me fit in. I start to unbuckle my seatbelt, but Luke shakes his head at me. “No. We’re going to the back entrance.”
“Why?” I ask.
“Stairs.”
“Oh,” I say. Duh.
They’re expecting Luke and someone is waiting for him to open the handicapped entrance. It’s raining now and I get slightly wet as I race from the limo to the entrance. There’s a small carpet at the entrance and Luke lingers on it, going forward a foot, then going backward a foot.
“What are you doing?” I ask him.
He gives me a crooked smile. “Don’t mind me. Just trying to clean my wheels a bit. It’s kind of bad manners to leave a trail.”
We take the elevator up to the main level. I glance at Luke, who’s slumped in his wheelchair, looking kind of miserable. “You okay?” I ask him.
“Oh, sure,” he says. “I just hate this shit. Mingling. Ugh.”
“Really?” I’m amused by his reaction. “I thought you loved it.”
He loosens his tie a bit. “I used to.” He doesn’t expand on that sentiment.
As if on cue, the door to the elevator opens at that moment and a middle-aged woman in a ridiculously puffy shiny royal-blue frock rushes over to greet us. She looks so ostentatious with that dress and matching blue make-up and hair bands, for a moment I wonder if she’s part of the art exhibit herself. “Luke!” she cries. “I’m so pleased you could make it, darling!”
She envelopes Luke in a hug, which he accepts with enthusiasm that I can barely tell is faked. “Hello, Patricia.”
Patricia pulls away and gives Luke this look of sympathy. “How’s your father?”
“I think he’s enjoying his retirement,” Luke replies.
“Well, he must be,” Patricia says. “You’ve been a wizard with the company. He must be proud.”
“Yes,” Luke says, although his voice is very tight. “Patricia, this is Eleanor.”
Patricia looks at me in surprise, as if noticing me for the first time. She spends a second looking me up and down before her face lights up. “Eleanor!” she cries with as much enthusiasm as she had for Luke. “Oh my God, darling, I am just so happy to meet you.”
“Uh, thanks,” I stammer, nowhere near as eloquent as Luke. 
“She’s lovely,” Patricia says to Luke and I can’t help but feel flattered. I know she thinks that Luke and I must be a couple and that’s why she’s so pleased with me, and somehow I’m not bothered by this at all.
Luke makes small talk with Patricia while I stand there looking pretty (sort of). When she finally wanders away, Luke says to me, “I’ve known her my whole life. She’s been in love with my father for like thirty years. I think they might have slept together.”
I stare at him. “How do you know that?”
“Are you kidding?” He grins. “I know everything about everyone. I’m sort of like God.”
“Modest too,” I add. “So do you know everything about me then?”
“Everything,” he replies. And you know what? I’m beginning to believe it.
This entire room reeks of Boston old wealth. I’m probably the only person in the room with less than a million dollars to my name. Everyone here is related to an Adams or a Quincy or a Quincy Adams. I feel very low class because none of my great-great-great-grandfathers signed the Declaration of Independence.
Luke makes me feel more comfortable though when he whispers tidbits to me about everyone we meet. I didn’t know the wealthy community had so much gossip. On Luke’s part, he really knows how to schmooze. I guess he’s had a whole lifetime of learning how to do it. I mostly stand there a little awkwardly while he makes small talk, flirts with the old ladies, and says all the right things. 
I’m impressed with how much he seems to know about art too. Or at least, he’s good at faking it. Whenever anyone asks me about a painting, I go entirely blank, but Luke spouts off for a minute or two about “interplay of green and purple” or some bullshit like that. “This is why you take art history in college,” he says to me later, “instead of just twenty computer science classes.” Hmph, I took math too.
The good news is that everyone seems absolutely thrilled to meet me, especially the older rich folks. I’ve never seen so many people call me “lovely” in one night. One of them even tells Luke congratulations. “They think we’re a couple,” he says apologetically.
“Yeah, I figured that,” I say.
“That bother you?” he asks, raising his eyebrows.
“Does it bother you?” I retort.
“Absolutely not,” he replies. “Actually, this is the first time I haven’t been slipped the phone numbers of twenty single granddaughters. Everyone in this room has known me since I’m a kid and wants me to settle down.”
He shifts in his wheelchair as he says this. I wonder if Luke is interested in settling down himself. In college, I pegged him as the kind of guy who had no intention of even considering marriage until at least age forty. Maybe that’s changed, though. He obviously doesn’t seem to be particularly having fun in the dating world.
“You had enough yet?” he asks me. 
“I could go a little longer,” I say. 
There’s a guy approaching us who’s about our age, flanked by a stunning woman. The guy’s sculpted good looks remind me of my first impression of Luke when I met him all those years ago. I glance at Luke, and I can tell from his eyes that he doesn’t like this guy much. I wait for him to lean in and tell me some gossip, but he keeps quiet for a change.
“Lucas, m’boy,” the guy says, flashing a wide but incredibly phony smile. “This is Arielle.”
Arielle is really beautiful to the point where it’s hard not to stare at her. Damn, maybe Luke was right, maybe I really am a lesbian.
“Hello, Gray,” Luke says, giving a smile that’s equally genuine. “It’s nice to meet you, Arielle. This is Ellie.”
“Ellie Jenson,” Gray says before I can even extend my hand.
And holy crap, I remember this guy. After all, it’s sort of hard to forget a guy named after a color. He was in a basic computer science class that I was a teaching assistant for. As an upperclassman, I was able to give up scrubbing toilets and instead teach for my scholarship money. This class probably should have been called “Computer Science for People Who Don’t Give A Shit.” Harvard required everyone to take a very small amount of basic science, just so people like Gray could come out well rounded, and presumably torture the teaching assistants.
This class was easy to the point of being ridiculous. The first assignment was to write a short program in C that printed out “Hello world!” It was like half a page and that was the entire assignment for the week. Gray handed in a quarter of a page of code with a stain that smelled like vodka and he misspelled the word “world.” The second assignment was to make your own webpage. Gray’s page was a single sentence that said, “This is a webpage,” and then had a pornographic photo below it.
Each week, he handed in code that was nonfunctional. The hard copy he gave me was always stained with food, alcohol, and once with something I strongly suspected was jizz (especially since he snickered as he handed it to me). He also bombed both the midterm and the final. I gave him a D, which I swear to God was a gift because he rightfully deserved to fail. But when I went to double-check the grades, his D had magically turned into a B. I confronted the professor about it, who mumbled something about “extra credit.”
So no, Gray was not my favorite person in the world.
“Hello, Gray,” I say, somehow summoning up the will to smile pleasantly at him.
“You straightened your hair,” he observes. “Good idea. I’d never seen so much hair before. It was like the crazy wicked witch look. We all used to laugh about it.”
They all used to laugh at my hair?  Who’s “they all”?  Was everyone in my class just making fun of my hair? I look over at Luke, who has conveniently chosen this moment to get all quiet.
“How have you been, Gray?” I ask politely.
“Oh, fine,” he says. “Arielle and I just got back from two weeks in Paris. There’s so much to do there, it’s a bit exhausting. You know how it is.” He gives me a pointed look. “Well, maybe not you, but Luke knows.”
I wish I could shoot back that I’ve been to Paris, but I haven’t. But at least I’ve been to Europe. I participated in an international math program in Hungary during my junior year of college.
“What did you think of Paris, Arielle?” Luke asks politely.
Arielle just smiles vacantly. For all I know, she may be mute. I’d guess Gray wouldn’t care either way.
  Gray shakes his head. “God, Ellie, do you remember what a bitch you were when you were teaching that class?”
I glance at Luke, who seems shocked. My cheeks are burning, but I reply coolly, “I don’t think I was.”
Gray laughs. “Well, I think everyone else in the class would have disagreed. You thought you were, like, the god of the computers. It was kind of pathetic, actually.” 
I don’t even know how to respond to that. I just stare at him, wishing I could disappear. How can people like Gray exist, people who can say whatever the hell they want?
“I remember we all used to make fun of you,” Gray says. “Talk about what a bitch you were. I thought for sure you knew.”
“All right,” Luke says. His voice is very firm. “Enough, Gray.”
“What in hell are you doing here with her, Luke?” Gray goes on. I can tell now that his voice is slightly slurred. He’s definitely a little drunk, although it’s not like that excuses any of this. “How in hell did you even find her after all these years? You hated her as much as I did. You told me she was a low-class bitch.”
“I never…” Luke is shaking his head. 
“Seriously, Luke,” Gray says. “I can’t believe you brought the girl who used to clean your toilets to this party. It’s embarrassing. I mean, if you’re going to date someone who’s a bitch, at least make sure she’s attractive.”
Luke’s face is calm but I can see that his eyes are furious. “Maybe if you had paid more attention in Ellie’s class,” he says, “you would have been smart enough not to lose two million dollars of your father’s company’s money.”
If it were appropriate, I would have given Luke a high-five.
Gray looks outraged. Outraged and drunk is not a great combination, especially in a burly guy like Gray. He gets this threatening look in his eyes and he takes a step toward Luke. For a second, I’m sure Gray’s going to hit him, but Luke doesn’t even flinch. If Gray hit Luke, I don’t know what he would do. It’s not like he could hit back. “I can’t believe you just said that to me, you asshole,” Gray growls in a low voice.
“Oh, please,” Luke snorts. “What are you going to do—punch me? You know I know everything about you, even the stuff you’d rather I didn’t know. So calm the fuck down and tell Ellie you’re sorry.”
I don’t know what Luke knows about Gray. I can’t even begin to imagine. But it’s got to be pretty damn good, better even than losing two million dollars, because a few seconds later, Gray is stammering out a heartfelt apology and telling me what a great teacher I was.
We make an early exit after that. Luke calls for his car and we head out. Inside the car, he slumps in his seat and loosens his tie with his thumb. “I’m sorry,” he finally says. “Gray is an idiot. I really hate him.”
“I should be thanking you for standing up for me,” I say. It’s true. I don’t know if anyone has ever stood up for me like that before. I was kind of touched. But I have to ask:  “Did you really call me a low-class bitch?”
Luke flashes me this horribly guilty look and I know Gray’s accusation was true. “Ellie,” he says, “you realize I was completely heartbroken after you rejected me that night in college. I was so into you—I felt ripped apart when you didn’t want me. I was really angry at you and I might have said a few things I didn’t mean.”
“You were heartbroken?” How is that possible? Luke might have wanted to hook up with me that night, but I was fairly sure that’s all it was. “You were dating another girl like a week later. Some blonde girl who looked nothing like me and was…” Gorgeous. She was gorgeous and not just because Luke thought so. She was objectively gorgeous.
“I dated who was expected of me,” Luke says with a shrug. “I probably would have pursued you more, but my roommates and guys like Gray convinced me it would be inappropriate. So I just tried to get over it and dated a girl who I knew wouldn’t say no.”
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. How could Luke, back when he was perfect and able-bodied, have been heartsick over someone like me?  I look at him now, staring down at his hands. I know he doesn’t think so, but somehow he’s more attractive now than he was back then. He’s become a deeper person. He knows what it’s like not to get everything you want in life.
I glance at the dark glass dividing us from the driver. “Can he see us?” I ask.
Luke shakes his head. “No, he can’t. Why?”
I can smell Luke’s expensive aftershave hanging between us. His light hair, which is usually perfect, is slightly mussed from the evening, and it only adds to his sexiness.  For a moment, I feel tempted to unbuckle my seatbelt and kiss him. The thought pops into my head randomly and I’m shocked by it. Luke Thayer is totally wrong for me. But maybe it’s all the champagne, I don’t know. I really just want him to kiss me. 
But it’s just a passing thought. Luke and I wouldn’t work together—it’s stupid to even contemplate such a thing.
“No reason,” I mumble. 
He’s staring at me, his face slightly flushed, an odd look in his eyes. He’s looking at me like he wants me. Of course, he’s made no secret of that fact before, but I’ve never seen him look at me with quite this much desire. Actually, I don’t know if anyone has ever looked at me this way.
“I guess we’ll take you home, huh?” he says.
I nod, hardly able to breathe. What in the name of God is wrong with me?
“Thank you,” Luke says, “for a wonderful evening.”
 

Chapter Eleven

The next morning, I’m woken at 9AM by the intercom buzzing. I fumble for my phone and hear a crackling voice saying something about a package so I hit 9 to let them in. I wrap myself in a housecoat, push my glasses onto my nose, and stumble in the direction of the door. 
I see a flash of red in the peephole, and I open the door to the most amazing arrangement of roses I’ve ever seen. I stand there staring at three-dozen roses, mostly trying to figure out how I’m going to get them all into the apartment. Sadie opens her door and looks like she’s gone to heaven when she sees all the flowers. “Is that from your suitor?” she asks me excitedly. 
I blush. “Um…”
“Well, that one’s a keeper,” she remarks.
That’s kind of… I don’t know, chauvinistic? Just because a guy gets me a… well, really impressive amount of flowers, that doesn’t necessarily mean he’s a great guy. Now that the alcohol has left my system, I fully remember why I’ve decided Luke and I need to just be friends.
I reach down to pick up the card stuck on the flowers. Sadie is watching me eagerly. “What did he write?”
He wrote: Dear Ellie, Thank you for last night. Three roses for each finger. Best, Luke. But I can’t say that to Sadie. So I mumble, “It says, thank you for a lovely dinner last night.”
“Oh, how sweet,” Sadie sighs. “Do you think my hamantaschen helped?”
“Undoubtedly,” I say.
It takes me two trips, but I manage to get all the roses into the house. I have to admit, I’m the tiniest bit impressed. Men in this day and age don’t usually buy flowers. At least, they don’t buy me flowers. One guy I dated told me flat out that he wasn’t going to bother because I didn’t seem like the flower-loving type, which I suppose is true. But it’s the thought that counts, right?
I decide the proper thing to do is to call Luke and thank him for the flowers. I dial his cell, which he answers just when I’m certain his voicemail will pick up.
“Hi, Ellie,” he answers, sounding very wide-awake compared to how I feel right now.
“Hey,” I say. “I got the flowers.”
“Love ’em or hate ’em?” he asks.
“Love ’em,” I reply.
“Good,” he says. “I took a chance. You seem like the kind of girl who pretends you don’t like flowers, but you really love them.” 
Once again, I’m baffled by Luke’s ability to know exactly what I’m thinking. “So what are you up to?” I ask.
“Not much,” he says, as I hear something in the background that sounds suspiciously like a fax machine.
“Are you at work??”
“Sort of,” he admits. “Okay, yes. I am.”
“It’s nine o’clock on Sunday morning!”
“Ellie,” he says. “There’s something you need to know about me: I work a lot. When I’m not asleep, I’m at work. That’s how you make millions of dollars. That, and being a crazy business genius.”
“So I guess there’s no room in your life for relationships, huh?” I say jokingly, but my laugh comes out a bit strained.
There’s a long pause on the other line. “I’d make time,” Luke says slowly. “For the right woman.”
I swallow. “So, um, what are you up to today?”
“Actually,” he says, “I’m sort of… giving a speech.”
A speech?  I haven’t given a speech since I was valedictorian of my crappy high school. “A speech where? About what?”
“I’m giving it at Harvard,” he says. “It’s on, you know, how to be an awesome businessman and make a shitload of money. That’s the official title, anyway.”
“Can I listen?”
“God, no.” He sounds horrified. “Anyway, you don’t want to make a shitload of money. You just want to play with a computer all day.”
He’s right, of course. Sure, it would be nice to be rich, but I never really cared that much about money. Still, I like the idea of hearing Luke give a speech to a bunch of wide-eyed college kids. He seems like he’d be a fantastic speaker.
“I still want to go,” I say.
He sighs loudly, but agrees to let me hear his speech. The way he gives in so easily, I can tell he really likes me.
***
Luke picks me up in the afternoon and drives me to the Harvard campus. My college boyfriend Noah had a car, a two-door Toyota Camry with a hatchback that was possibly older than I was, and he always ended up parking it miles from campus. He parked it so far away that it got broken into once. The guy who broke in damaged both the door locks, so for months Noah had to climb into the car through the trunk until he could scrape together enough money to fix the locks.
Of course, Luke, with his handicapped plates, parks just feet away from the Yard. Somehow I imagine that even if he weren’t disabled, Luke would find a way to get good parking. And if someone ever broke into his car, he’d probably have it fixed within the hour.
I spent ages in the morning trying to figure out what to wear. Of course, this is far from my first lecture at Harvard, but I feel like I can’t dress the way I did when I was a twenty-year-old college student. Jeans and a T-shirt just don’t seem appropriate. I finally select a summer dress that looks a bit formal and makes my nearly nonexistent hips and butt look slightly curvier. 
Luke looks great, by the way. He’s wearing a dark Armani suit that’s buttoned up and does a pretty good job hiding the imperfections in his body. Aside from the fact that he’s using hand controls, it would be hard to know he had any kind of disability just from looking at him driving the car.
I haven’t been to Harvard Yard in ages. There’s something sort of surreal about being here as an adult. Especially being here with Luke as an adult. Actually, going to Harvard in itself is kind of a surreal experience for someone like me. I’m sure for Luke it was a given his whole life that he’d end up there, but for me, it was tantamount to saying I was going to attend Hogwarts University. 
I spent most of my four years of Harvard being mildly embarrassed to be going there. I always thought of myself as a questionable admission and was never quite sure what they saw in a frizzy-haired Jersey girl. When people asked me where I went to college, I’d usually mumble, “In Boston.” Of course, nobody would leave it at that. They’d always have to know where and I’d be forced to admit my embarrassing secret. 
Now, ten years after graduation, it’s even worse. I see Luke, who’s accomplished so much with his life, and then compare him to myself. I’ve accomplished so little. That gives me yet another reason for being embarrassed to have gone to Harvard. I was given such a fantastic opportunity and what did I do with it?  I became a computer programmer. I could have gone to Rutgers and been a computer programmer. So in that sense, returning to this campus kind of leaves me with a sense of failure.
“Hey, it’s the John Harvard statue,” Luke says, pointing out the statue I’d passed literally thousands of times during my four years of college.
“I know that,” I say. “What are you, the tour guide?”
Luke grins. “You remember the three lies?”
“Of course,” I say. “One, John Harvard didn’t found Harvard. Two, the date is off by two years. Three, that’s not even John Harvard.” I make a face. “I still remember it from the tour I went on before applying. Did you know it’s good luck to rub his left foot?”
“Really? I thought it was good luck to pee on him.”
“Oh God,” I say. “You didn’t.”
“Of course I did,” he says. “I assumed everyone did. Like having sex in the Widener Library stacks.”
“I never did that.”
“Yeah, well, you missed out.”
The Widener stacks are a desolate area of the library filled with the dustiest and oldest books on campus. It was also a place that young undergrads frequently went to exchange bodily fluids. I look at Luke and imagine him pushing one of his blonde bombshells into the dusty old bookcases and pressing his lips onto hers. And then for one crazy moment, I imagine him in his chair between rows of books, me in his lap and kissing him.
Luke winks and says, “Forget it. I don’t think I’d fit anymore.”
He’s joking, I’m sure. He doesn’t really know what I’m thinking about. Not this time.
The lecture is in Emerson Hall. It’s a humanities building that I may have set foot in less than half a dozen times during my brief tenure at Harvard. The science buildings are at the other end of the Yard, and those are where I spent most of my time. Luke seems very familiar with the layout of Emerson, though. When I ask him, he admits that this isn’t the first lecture he’s given here. “Wow,” I say, “you must be a great speaker.”
He shrugs. “I’m fair.”
The lecture is scheduled to start in a few minutes and the large auditorium is already more than half full. I am shocked that so many people showed up to see Luke speak. He must be more well-known than I realized. Or maybe all these Harvard kids just want to be rich like he is.
An important-looking man in a dark suit is on the stage and greets us as we come in. “Luke,” he calls out. “Thanks for doing this. Everyone is really excited.”
“No problem, Ed,” he says. He eyes the stage, which is elevated several feet from the ground. There are four steps to get on top of it. “You got the ramp, right?”
Ed grimaces. “Luke, I’m sorry. Those idiots never ordered it.”
“Goddamn it, Ed,” he sighs. 
“I’m really sorry,” Ed says again. “I’ll help you.”
I watch as Luke backs up to the bottom step and the other man pulls him up the stairs from behind. Luke’s legs bounce on each step and he puts his hands on them to keep them from falling out of place. Several students are staring, which makes me aware that I kind of am, too. Luke takes it mostly in stride, though.
They set up a microphone that’s lowered for Luke’s height. I take my seat and realize that the auditorium is now nearly full. Hundreds of people have come to watch this lecture. Luke leans over the microphone and I hear him clear his throat. “Hello,” he says. “My name is Luke Thayer of Thayer Industries.”
Luke has a fantastic speaking voice. I hear it echo through the auditorium and everyone stops talking and looks up at him. I can see some of the faces in the audience registering surprise.
“I didn’t know Luke Thayer was in a wheelchair,” a girl two seats down from me whispers to her friend.
 “Oh my God, how awful for him,” her friend replies. “No wonder he keeps it quiet.”
I feel a sudden surge of resentment. I know for a fact that Luke wouldn’t want people in the audience to pity him. What, just because he’s in a wheelchair, his life is awful? That’s absolutely not true. 
“I know you’re all here to find out how to make some serious money in business,” Luke is saying at the front. “My first big tip: Have rich parents.”
There’s a round of laughter from the audience. It’s true that Luke did come from a wealthy family, but from what I’ve read online, it sounds like Thayer Industries was stagnant and even struggling a bit when Luke took over the company. In the four years he’s been CEO, the company doubled in value. I have no idea how he did it, but needless to say, Luke’s a really smart guy and a phenomenal businessman. 
The room sits in rapt attention as Luke speaks, throwing around some economic concepts that are pretty much jargon to me. Sometimes I wish I had taken some economics classes in college. Of course, Luke went to business school after college and has an MBA (from Harvard, where else?). He told me he completed his degree a month before his accident.
The lecture is forty-five minutes and afterwards, several students rush onstage to ask Luke some questions. I can’t even get near him for at least another twenty minutes and I’m actually kind of tempted to leave and take the T back home when the last student finally leaves. 
“Sorry,” Luke says to me. “I told you that you’d be bored.”
“I wasn’t bored,” I say. Okay, I was slightly bored. But he’s so charismatic and such a great speaker, it was sort of fun to watch him, even though I had no idea what he was talking about.
“Liar,” he says. “You were bored out of your mind.”
I watch as he wheels over to the few stairs that Ed had helped him up earlier. I’m about to offer him help when he does a little wheelie, grabs the railing and bounces down the stairs. “They taught me how to get down stairs in rehab,” he explains. “Up is slightly harder though.”
He adjusts his legs slightly and I try not to watch. He then loosens his tie and undoes the top button on his expensive white shirt. As good as Luke looks in his suit and tie, I think he looks sexier when he’s slightly casual. It occurs to me that I’ve never even seen him in a T-shirt before, at least not since college. Or shirtless. 
Shit, why am I thinking about that?
  “So,” he says. “Can I treat you to dinner?  Make it up to you for having to sit through that?”
“Um…” I want to say yes, but I’m disturbed by the thoughts I’ve been having about Luke lately. I think I’ve been spending too much time with him. I consider telling him I have plans, but then I remember how he always seems to know what I’m thinking and especially when I’m lying.
“Nothing fancy,” Luke adds. “There’s a wicked good bar around here that serves, believe it or not, the best lobster rolls in New England. Under ten dollars.”
“I find that hard to believe,” I say.
“I guarantee it,” he says. “You go up to Maine, you won’t find anything better.”
“All right,” I agree reluctantly. I’m hungry, I suppose. A casual dinner won’t be so bad. “But only on one condition: you have to let me treat.”
“That seems fair,” Luke says, grinning at me. “I mean, I bought you a five-thousand-dollar dress yesterday, so… I guess this will even things up.”
Like I said, I really hate Luke sometimes.
Luke leads me through the Yard and into Harvard Square. One thing that always shocked me about the Square was the amount of homeless people begging in the streets. I grew up in suburban New Jersey, so beggars were not something I was used to. In the beginning, I used to feel obligated to hand out change to everyone who asked me for it, but then I realized I was going through like ten dollars every time I went through the Square. I’ve learned to look straight ahead and ignore the pleas for spare change.
The good weather has brought out all the beggars today. There’s a band playing in the middle of the Square with a guitar case open for contributions, then a guy with a violin across the street with a baseball cap filled with coins and dollar bills, and about twenty feet from him, a girl with a banjo and a harmonica taking loose change in a shoe box. I don’t mind the street performers as much, although they make walking through the square a kind of cacophonous experience.
Then there’s the homeless people. They are much more persistent and will hold out a hand and ask for change as you go by. It’s very hard for someone like me, with my upper-middle-class guilt, to ignore. I could give them each a dollar. It wouldn’t break me. After all, I just wore a five-thousand-dollar dress last night.
Luke’s presence seems to somehow amplify the begging, though. It’s not really clear why. I guess he looks wealthy in his Armani suit, and there’s just something about him that cries out, “I have money!”
He pretty much ignores them until a homeless guy in a wheelchair approaches us. It’s not clear why the homeless man is in a wheelchair. He’s got both his legs and they seem to be moving. In fact, the wheelchair doesn’t even have footrests like Luke’s does, and he’s using his legs as well as his arms to propel himself forward. “Hey, man,” the guy says to Luke. “How about a few dollars, from one crip to another?”
Luke looks the guy up and down, taking in his perfectly functional-looking legs, and the wheelchair that looks like it was swiped from the steps of a hospital. “Why don’t you get a job?” he retorts.
“You know what it’s like, man,” the homeless guy says.
“No, I don’t,” Luke says. He looks pointedly at the guy’s legs. “Why do you need a wheelchair?”
“Because I’m crippled!” the guy says.
Luke shakes his head in disgust. “What you’re doing,” he says, “is despicable. Get the fuck away from me.”
The guy sneers at us as we head down the street. “Yeah, fuck you, you bitter crippled fucker!” he yells after us. 
“Unbelievable,” Luke mutters under his breath. “When I think about all the time I spent trying to get out of this chair, then I see some guy who can obviously walk pulling that crap… it’s just… insulting.”
Luke seems troubled for a moment, but then his shoulders relax when we reach the bar and grill. It’s a small, smoky restaurant called Charlie’s, and I find it hard to believe this place serves anything besides greasy burgers. There’s one step to enter, and Luke does a little wheelie to get inside. I’m sort of beginning to think he looks a bit cool when he does that.
“This place has the best lobster rolls in New England?” I ask skeptically. “Do they even have lobster in a place like this?”
“Of course,” Luke says. “This is Boston. They have lobster at McDonald’s.”
Luke’s undone his tie completely and it’s hanging loose around his neck. I would have thought he’d look really out of place in a bar like this, but actually, he seems very comfortable. I guess this is a place he comes to a lot.
“Luke!” A pretty waitress hurries over to us from behind the bar. To my surprise, she bends over and gives him a hug. I feel a twinge of something in my stomach as I watch the embrace. “Oh my God, it’s been ages since we’ve seen you!” she says in a thick Boston accent that I hardly ever hear in the office or in fancy art gallery parties out in Newton. I suspect she’d say it “Hahvahd Yahd.” Luke, who’s a native of Massachusetts, has no accent to speak of.
“Sorry, Tina,” Luke says, smiling up at her. “I’ve been pretty busy with work.”
“Taking over the world, huh?” Tina says, slugging him in the shoulder. She then turns and smiles brightly at me. “And who’s this?”
“This is my friend Ellie,” he says. And somehow I feel irked that he introduced me as a “friend” in front of this pretty waitress. Even though it’s completely accurate.
“Just a friend, eh?” Tina asks playfully. 
“Absolutely,” Luke says.
“You’re a lucky girl,” Tina says to me. “Luke is wicked cute.”
The bar is narrow and Luke propels himself forward by grabbing onto barstools. The front is all booths, so we have to go to the back before we get to an appropriate seat. After Tina leads us to our table, I give Luke a quizzical look, “How do you know the waitress so well?”
Luke blushes a bit. “Well, we went on a couple of dates a while back,” he admits.
“Seriously?” I look back at Tina again. She’s attractive. Not drop-dead gorgeous or anything, but definitely really pretty.
He shrugs as he slips his entire hand between the pages of the menu to open it up. “I was eating here a lot because I was doing some work in the area at the time. Honestly, I think she just went out with me because she felt bad for me that I was eating all alone every day. We had two fairly awkward dates.” He leans forward and says in a low voice, “We didn’t even kiss.”
“Oh,” I say. Why do I feel relieved to hear that?
“Anyway,” he says, “we agreed it wasn’t a match and that was it. She’s married now, just doesn’t wear her ring because she gets better tips this way. But she was having some legal issues about a year ago and I helped her out.”
“Well, aren’t you the altruist?” I laugh.
“What?” he says. “You think I’m a terrible, coldhearted businessman?”
“Sort of,” I admit. “I mean, you don’t get rich by being nice.”
“You don’t think I’m nice?” he asks in a hurt voice.
Actually, the truth is, I think he’s very nice. It’s hard to believe that such an arrogant prick evolved into the man sitting across from me right now. “You’re sort of nice,” I say grudgingly and Luke seems pleased.
We both order double lobster rolls. I’m shocked when a hot dog bun arrives stuffed with juicy lobster. I’m blown away. I take a bite and it’s incredible. I stare up at Luke in amazement. “How did I never know about this place in college?” I ask.
“If we had gone out,” Luke says, “I would have taken you here. Your whole college experience would have been different.”
“I don’t doubt that,” I say. I add with a bit of sarcasm, “I’m sure we would have been a great couple.”
Luke shakes his head. “Boy, you really hated me. I wish you realized… how I felt about you. I guess it’s my fault for being such an arrogant asshole, though.”
Luke is looking at me now and his dark eyes seem very intense. There’s a small part of me that does wonder what life would have been like if I had given him a chance. What would eighteen-year-old Luke Thayer have been like as a boyfriend?  Would he have doted on me?  Would we have had thrilling debates within the confines of his tiny dorm room bed?
But somehow, I’m wondering more what thirty-four-year-old Luke Thayer would be like as a boyfriend. 
***
We devour our lobster rolls, then head back to Luke’s car. It’s getting late and he looks kind of exhausted. It occurs to me that he woke up at God knows what time and has been working pretty much nonstop ever since. And it’s Sunday, for God’s sake.
“Don’t you ever take a break?” I ask him as he turns over the engine.
“Never,” he replies. “I like to be active.”
“When is the last time you took a vacation?”
“I don’t know. Maybe 2009?”
“What’s the point of having so much money if you can’t enjoy it?”
He glances at me for a second. He’s pushing his way through the traffic in Harvard Square, being his usual aggressive self. I don’t know how he can drive like this. I’m having palpitations just watching. “I enjoy working,” he says simply.
How could that be?  Even if he likes his job, everyone needs a vacation every once in a while. He must miss going to Greece. But maybe it isn’t as much fun if you don’t have someone to go with.
Somehow the drive back to my apartment is quiet, other than the honks of horns as Luke barrels through traffic. Every minute or two, I steal a glance over at Luke, although I’m careful not to stare. He’s really incredibly good-looking, more so than any other guy I’ve ever known. Certainly more so than any man I’ve dated. I notice that his temples are starting to gray a bit, which only gives him more character. Men are lucky in that respect. My gray hairs just make me look old, which is why I yank them out.

He parks behind my building on a quiet street, under a large tree. “Thanks for dinner,” he says to me. “I had a great time.”
I laugh. “My pleasure.” I felt a little ridiculous forking over $20 when Luke had paid so much for my outfit yesterday. “Thanks for the dress. It’s really beautiful.”
“You look just as good in this one,” he says earnestly. “Or… in anything, really.”
I can see the way he’s looking at me and I swallow a thick lump in my throat. “Luke…”
“I’m sorry, Ellie,” he says in a low voice. “You do something to me. I can’t…” His eyes meet mine and suddenly he leans forward and presses his lips against mine. I remember the lustful, drunken kiss (my first) that he and I shared sixteen years ago, but this is so much better. I wouldn’t say Luke is out of practice or anything, but I can tell it’s been a long time for him by the way his hands shake a bit as he touches me and how his tongue explores my mouth eagerly, like a man who’s been in a desert for months and finally got a sweet taste of water.
On my part, I don’t push him away. I know I should, because of all the men I’ve ever met, Luke is the most wrong for me. He’s too rich, too high-class, and just… I don’t know, wrong. But for reasons I can’t entirely understand, I’m ridiculously attracted to him. I always have been. And now that he’s disabled and not perfect anymore, I’m somehow even more attracted to him.
He pulls away from me for breath. “Ellie,” he whispers in my ear. “Are you okay?”
I hesitate for a moment, then nod.
He smiles and shrugs off his jacket. In his plain white shirt, I can tell he still has fantastic shoulders. I reach out and touch his deltoids as he leans forward to kiss me again.  “Ellie,” he whispers again. “Your apartment?”
I shake my head. “Second floor, no elevator.”
“Shit,” he mutters. I see the frustration on his face. “Okay, so… here, I guess?”
No, I can’t. I can’t…
Except somehow the only thing I can’t do is say no to this man. And I don’t need to worry about my three-month rule because it’s becoming fairly obvious that no matter what else he’s going to do, he’s not physically capable of having sex with me in this car. So I nod and I kiss him, and I allow his lips to slide down the side of my neck as his hand slides under the hemline of my skirt. As his fingers caress my thigh, it occurs to me that while he hasn’t been out on a date in two years, I haven’t had sex in just as long. I haven’t had fingers exploring up my skirt in quite a long time and it leaves me breathless.
He pushes me down so that my head is stuck in an uncomfortable spot between the seat and the door. I’ve never fooled around in a car before, maybe because I didn’t date back in high school. Once you get out of high school, there’s usually a bed available. And honestly, I’m not sure I’ve ever been with a man who wanted me so urgently that he had to have me in a car. But Luke wants me that bad right now. He’s pushing my skirt up, kissing my belly just above my panties. His breath is hot and every time he kisses me, I feel a tingling in my clitoris. Thank God I wore somewhat sexy red bikini panties today, not some granny panties with holes in them. I must have had an inkling we’d end up like this.
He’s taunting me a bit, going lower and lower with his mouth, but really taking his time. I lace my fingers into his hair and squeeze my hands into fists as I moan with a combination of anticipation and pleasure. I know I must be hurting him, but he is completely focused on his task. He’s pulling my panties down with his teeth, lowering his head, and then….
There’s a tap on the window.
Oh shit.
I can hardly catch my breath, but when I look up, I see who just knocked on our window. It’s a cop.
Luke straightens up, also breathing hard. His face is very flushed and he’s grinning, despite the gravity of the situation. He fumbles for the button to open the window and then addresses the officer with a sheepish look on his face. “Uh, hi,” he says.
The officer frowns. He looks really pissed off. Oh God, am I going to get arrested for having sex in public? I’ll never live that down. I’ll have to move. “I saw what you were doing in there,” he says. “You know, this is a residential neighborhood.”
“Right,” Luke says. “I know. I’m really sorry, Officer.”
“You think just because you have a Mercedes, you can get away with anything?” the officer says. Shit, he’s really angry at us. Damn, Luke, why do you have to have such an expensive car?
“I’m terribly sorry,” Luke says again. He looks completely unconcerned. I’m amazed.
“All right, get out of the car,” the cop says.
Luke obligingly opens the door to the car. He grabs his wheelchair out of the back seat and the officer watches in shock as he pops the wheels into place. When he transfers into the seat, the cop is white as a sheet. I would have laughed if I wasn’t still shaking. Luke pushes his palms into his thighs to straighten out his posture and he looks at the officer questioningly. 
“Oh, um…” the cop says. His jaw is hanging open. He peeks into the car at me, probably wondering if I need a wheelchair too. “Well, um, I guess… I can let you off with a warning.”
 “I really appreciate that,” Luke says politely.
The officer still looks a little stunned as he goes back to his own car. Luke looks at me in the car and winks, “I never get tickets.”
“Jesus,” I say. I wipe my sweaty palms on my dress. “I think I better go.”
His face falls. “Oh.”
“It’s getting late,” I say, “and… well, like I said, I’ve got stairs.”
Luke nods. “All right,” he says. “Will you come to my office for lunch tomorrow?”
“Lunch, huh?” I smile.
“Totally innocent,” he assures me with a grin.
That would actually be a pretty big disappointment.
 

Chapter Twelve

The next morning, when I’m supposed to be working, I instead find an article online about the Top 25 most influential people in Boston. Luke is number 19. 
I’m pretty excited that the nineteenth most influential person is my… well, I’m not entirely sure what we are, but we’re definitely something. Even if we were just friends, it would be pretty exciting.
As I read the blurb on Luke, I notice that there’s absolutely no mention of his disability. The photo of him is from the shoulders up and he looks fantastic, of course, with his broad shoulders, perfect hair, and straight white teeth. I wonder if he intentionally keeps any information about his disability out of the media, so as to project a particular image of himself. I am guessing the image he wants to project is not that of a quadriplegic.
I show up at Luke’s office at a quarter to noon, but he’s caught up in some meeting. His assistant Michelle’s eyes light up when she sees me. “Ellie,” she says. “Luke’s just about done. Just wait here.” She gestures at a chair by her desk.
“Um, all right,” I say, settling into the chair. I cross my legs somewhat awkwardly as Michelle stares at me. I hate how bony my knees are in a skirt.
“I just want you to know,” she says in a low, confidential tone. “Luke is a really great guy.”
Oh God, does she know about us? “Hmm,” I say. “Is he?”
“Oh, yes.” Michelle nods eagerly. “I’ve worked for him three years and he’s a great boss. And really just… great. And I can assure you that none of the rumors are true.”
“Rumors?” Huh?
Michelle’s eyes widen like a deer in headlights. “Oh, well… you know. Just in case there were any rumors, I just wanted you to know that they’re not true. But I don’t, like, know about any rumors.” She’s babbling now. “I mean, if there were any rumors, I’m sure you would have heard them, so obviously there aren’t any. Rumors, that is.”
My head is spinning a bit. Obviously, I’m a little curious. What kind of rumors could she be talking about?  The only rumors I ever hear about celebrities or what not involve them being gay. Luke is definitely not gay… there’s no debating that. And it’s not like he’s some kind of womanizer either. So what the hell could the rumors be about?
A minute later, the door to Luke’s office opens and two older, stern-looking men in business suits exit the room. Luke has a mildly bored look on his face, but his eyes light up when he sees me standing there. “Ellie!” He grins. “Come in. We need to discuss, you know, business.”
As if anyone here really thinks we’re discussing business.
Once I’m inside the office, he shuts the door behind me. He grabs me by the waist, pulls me onto his lap, and starts kissing me on my neck. It feels so good that I almost lose my train of thought. “Luke,” I say.
He keeps kissing me.
“Luke,” I say, more firmly this time.
He pulls away from me, a wounded look on his face. “What’s wrong?”
“Michelle said something kind of weird outside,” I tell him. “She said, ‘None of the rumors are true.’ Don’t you think that’s weird?”
Luke just looks at me.
“What rumors was she talking about?” I ask.
“Beats me.” He gives me this blank expression that actually disturbs me a bit. Because whether or not these alleged rumors are true, I don’t believe for a second that Luke doesn’t know what Michelle was talking about. But from the expression on his face, I’d never guess he was lying. He’s that good at deceiving people.
“You really don’t know?” I say skeptically. I add, “Keep in mind that if you say you don’t, I won’t believe you.”
Luke studies my face and decides that I’m serious. “Look, Ellie,” he says finally. “Anyone who has any kind of power, there are tons of rumors flying around. There are lots of people who would love to hurt me so they make up shit about me. I don’t know what rumors Michelle was referring to, but I’ve heard some crazy ones that had absolutely no basis in reality.”
I suddenly remember what Lewis said about Luke sleeping with prostitutes. That’s one I definitely do not believe. I can see some bitter individual making that one up, for sure.
Luke raises his eyebrows at me. “So do you believe me?”
“Well,” I say, “are any of the rumors true?”
A slow smile spreads across Luke’s face. “Well, there was this one story about my fooling around with one of my very sexy employees…”
With those words, he goes back to kissing me. He’s clean-shaven and his cheeks are smooth and smell like his expensive aftershave. His lips hit the top button of my blouse and he gazes up at my face with his nice brown eyes. “Little help?” he asks.
I smile and obligingly undo the tiny buttons on my shirt. He fumbles for a while with my bra hook until I finally take pity and do it for him. His lips lower onto my nipple, and all I can think as he kisses me is how amazing this is and why didn’t I let him do this sixteen years ago?
I start to wonder how far we’re going to go, considering we’re in his office, and I quickly get my answer when he wheels us over to the small conference table by his desk. “Hop up,” he instructs me.
I get up out of his lap and sit on the edge of the table. He runs his hands up the insides of my thighs and I practically die. He puts one hand against my stomach and I take the cue and lie down on the table, and spread my legs, hiking my skirt up. I feel his thumbs hook into my panties and tug them off. He tosses them somewhere I can’t even see, but the last thing I’m worried about right now is the location of my panties. I’m sure they haven’t gone far.
He toys with me, gently kissing the insides of my thighs. I feel his hot breath over my pussy and I gasp, “Luke!  Oh, God…”
“You missed out in college, Ellie,” he whispers back, then his mouth descends on my clit. 
He is good at this, really good. There’s no way he was this good at oral sex back in college. Men like Luke Thayer don’t need to get good at oral sex. At least, not unless they end up paralyzed.
A girlfriend once told me that you can tell how skilled a guy is at oral sex by how much he moves his tongue. Guys who don’t know what they’re doing move their tongue everywhere because it’s the only thing they can think to do. Luke, on the other hand, is barely moving his tongue at all. Maybe just a millimeter or two. But he’s applying a warm, gentle pressure, and each tiny move sets off firecrackers. After only a few minutes, my abdomen is drenched in sweat, and as much as I want to hold off, as much as I want to make this last forever, I explode in orgasm, squeezing his shoulder with my right hand and his hair with my left, biting my lip to keep from screaming.
I’ve climaxed three times before Luke lifts his head to look at my face. His lips are glistening and I think I’m in love.
“Good?” he asks.
“Oh God,” I breathe. “I almost blacked out.”
Luke smiles, obviously pleased with himself. You should know that I don’t climax that easily. I’m not frigid or anything, but I very rarely have orgasms during sex. And masturbating… well, that just seems weird to me. I mean, I don’t find myself sexy, so why would I masturbate?  So anyway, it’s kind of amazing to me that Luke got me to climax three times. It’s hard to believe that a man capable of that is still single.
I prop myself up on my elbows, unable to quite sit up all the way yet. “So,” I say, “something for you now…”
Luke tugs on his tie to tighten it. “That’s all right,” he says. “Maybe another time. I really need to get back to work.”
“Oh,” I say, wondering if I did something wrong.
“Sorry, Ellie,” he says. “I’m really just swamped here. It’s incredibly thoughtful of you to offer, though.”
He’s acting like I offered to go buy him a cup of coffee. “No problem,” I say.
I struggle to my feet and button up my blouse with slightly shaking fingers. Luke is back at his desk and working on his computer. It occurs to me that I came here for “lunch,” yet neither of us has actually eaten anything. Well, I guess Luke sort of ate something.
“Are you hungry?” I ask him.
He gives me a surprised look. “Hungry?”
“Well, it’s lunchtime.”
“Oh.” Luke smiles apologetically. “I’ll be honest with you, Ellie. I usually just have Michelle order something for me to eat while I work.”
“But for the last few weeks, we’ve been getting lunch…”
“True,” he admits. “But that’s only because I wanted an excuse to spend time with you. To be honest, I really didn’t need to be in this office at all.” He winks at me then wheels over closer to me. He picks up my hand and holds it in his. Best he can, at least, with his weakened grip. “Look, I’m really busy right now, but why don’t we have dinner tonight?  I can pick you up.”
“Um, okay,” I agree.
“Oh, crap,” Luke says. “I just remembered, I’ve got a meeting tonight. Tomorrow?”
“You’re a busy guy, huh?” I say.
Luke laughs and runs his hands over my ass. “You knew that about me, didn’t you?”
“So what if I said that I desperately wanted to see you tonight?”
“Well,” he says thoughtfully. “I guess I’d blow off my multi-million-dollar deal and hang out with you.”
“Liar.”
He kisses my belly and smiles up at me. “Tomorrow night?”
I nod.
***
When I get out of the elevator at my floor, Lewis is standing there, waiting for the elevator. I step outside, my shoulders thrown back, trying not to think about the fact that my boss just ate me out in his office. But I’m kind of disturbed by the fact that Lewis doesn’t get in the elevator. He’s just staring at me.
“Ellie,” he says. He didn’t call me Harvard, which I take as a bad sign this time. 
“Uh-huh,” I say, avoiding his eyes.
“You missed a button,” he says.
My hands instantly fly to my blouse. Shit! He’s absolutely right. I somehow skipped a button. I remember that I saw Lewis earlier this morning, so I can’t pass this off as something I did in the morning and have been just walking around like this all day.
“I’m surprised at you, Ellie,” he says. “I wouldn’t think you’d stoop that low.”
“It’s not like that,” I mumble.
“Oh, really?” Lewis says. “So I guess you’re fucking your quadriplegic boss because you’re in love with him?” He snorts. “Very believable.”
I guess when he puts it that way, it doesn’t sound terribly believable. 
“Besides,” he says, “I know who you’re really interested in.”
“You do?” I ask, perplexed. “Who?”
“Me,” Lewis says, raising his eyebrows suggestively.
Oh God. He isn’t serious, is he? How could he possibly really think that I like him?  I would have to be blind or something. And it’s not all superficial. Lewis is just a jerk. I don’t even want to be his friend, much less his girlfriend. Is it possible he’s really so deluded that he actually thinks I like him?
“Um,” I finally say. “Look, Lewis, I’m not really—”
“Forget it,” Lewis says. “It’s too late. I’ve lost all respect for you now. You blew it.”
Lewis walks off in a huff and to be honest, it’s all I can do to keep from laughing out loud.
 

Chapter Thirteen

The next evening, I drive out to Luke’s house in Newton. He offered to come get me, but I didn’t like the idea of being stranded out there without my car (although technically, the Green line on the T does go all the way out to Newton). 
When I arrive at Luke’s house, I’m shocked to see that for the first time since we reconnected, he’s dressed casually in blue jeans and a nondescript navy blue T-shirt. The sleeves on the T-shirt are short enough that I can see his well-defined muscles in his upper arms and forearms, contrasting distinctly with his hands. I’m not sure if Luke notices me staring a bit, but he doesn’t comment.
“You look great, Ellie,” he says.
I want to tell him he looks great too, but somehow the words catch in my throat. I’m not used to paying men compliments, even men that I like. So instead, I say, “The food smells great.”
“I would tell you that I made it,” he says, “but I know you’d catch me in that lie. My housekeeper whipped it up. Chicken something. I don’t know. She’s a great cook.”
The food does smell great, but somehow my desire for Luke trumps my desire to eat. And when I look into his eyes, I can tell he feels the same way. “Come here,” he breathes and I fall into his lap.
He kisses me, first on my lips, then on my neck, and I can feel his hand sliding up my skirt. I want to let him do whatever he wants to me, but then I remember last time, how it was all about me, and I start to unbutton his pants. He takes my hand and pushes it away, but I do it again as soon as his hand goes back to my inner thigh.
“Ellie,” he says, lifting his lips from mine, “I’d prefer if… we didn’t…”
My face burns. He doesn’t want to have sex with me. “Why not?”
Luke studies my face for a minute, then sighs deeply. “Look, Ellie… there are things about me, things about my disability that… I just…”
I remember what Luke told me, about how his last girlfriend dumped him after seeing him naked. Yet I can’t imagine anything Luke could show me that would make me stop feeling attracted to him. I’m not as shallow as his last girlfriend. But it’s clear that he’s uncomfortable and I don’t want to push him. It’s not like I’m some kind of sex fiend or anything. I’m not sure why Luke brings out this side of me.
“Okay,” I say gently.
His shoulders sag in relief. “Great,” he says, which doesn’t make me feel any better. “Can I eat you out again?”
I have to admit, the way he asks is so adorable and hopeful, I fall a little bit more in love with him at that moment. “Yes,” I say. “Definitely.”
He wheels me into the bedroom, which I didn’t get to visit last time I was here. Much like the rest of the house, the furniture in the bedroom seems incredibly stylish and expensive. He deposits me in his queen-sized bed and I fall into his expensive silk sheets. His bed is made, which I suspect is courtesy of his housekeeper, because I suspect Luke is the kind of person who’s never made a bed in his life. God, this is a nice bed. It’s so comfortable that despite not being tired and despite Luke being about to eat me out, I’m slightly tempted to take a nap right now. 
But as Luke spreads my legs I forget about all that. 
He really takes his time this time, unlike when we were rushing in his office. He rubs the back of his hand against my inner thigh, kisses my knees. With each kiss and stroke of his hand, he moves every so slightly closer to my pussy. By the time his lips are centimeters away from my clit, I am already drenched. By the time I feel his tongue on my pussy, it takes me all of sixty seconds to climax. I come six times in a row and nearly pass out the last time. And alone in this large house in Newton, I can really let loose with the screams. 
“Wow,” Luke says as he transfers into the bed next to me. “You’ve got quite a set of pipes.”
“That was fantastic,” I murmur. I roll my head to look at him. “Let me do something for you now.”
“Just watching you scream like that is enough,” he says.
I frown. It’s hard for me to believe that’s true, as much as I’d like to. “Luke…”
“It’s okay, Ellie,” he says. “I promise. I can’t feel anything anyway.”
“You can feel some things…”
“Well, nothing from the chest down.”
“So what if we keep it above the chest?”
Luke tenses up as I undo the first button on his shirt. I undo the second button and I realize I’m just torturing him. I try to remind myself that his last sexual experience ended in the woman walking out on him. “That’s all, okay?  Just two buttons.”
“Okay,” he says. 
I keep my promise, kissing him and licking him only from his collarbone upward. Despite his initial reluctance, he seems to enjoy the experience quite a bit. I even get him to relax enough that I pull his shirt out from his pants and get my hand up onto his chest. His abdomen is soft from lack of muscles, but I love the masculine feel of the golden hairs on his chest. I know that Luke has nothing to be ashamed of, but I just need to convince him of that fact.
 

Chapter Fourteen

I’m not entirely sure how and maybe I don’t want to know, but Luke seems to know every bar in Boston. He’s a virtual encyclopedia of all the upper end taverns. Of course, he doesn’t know the seedy little dives, but he’d never go into a place like that anyway. 
The place to be on Saturday night is a smoky little establishment named Moonlight, where a well-known local singer that I’ve never heard of is playing a set. Luke not only knows every bar in the city, but apparently knows the people who run every bar in the city because despite the place being crowded, we get a fantastic table right next to where the singer will be performing.
“These seats are great,” I comment.
“Being rich and influential has its perks, huh?” Luke says, winking at me.
We place our drink orders, but as the waiter walks away, I see Luke has turned a bit pale. I look at him in concern. “What’s wrong?”
“Rebecca,” he mumbles.
Rebecca. As I recall, that’s the name of his last girlfriend, the one who destroyed his self-esteem by dumping him after seeing him naked in bed. I don’t blame him for looking upset. “Do you want to leave?”
“No, it’s okay,” he says, although he kind of looks like the answer is yes. 
If I were Rebecca and I had done what she did to Luke, I would probably have wanted to stay far away from him. But apparently she and I think very differently because about two minutes later, I’m face to face with Luke’s ex-girlfriend.
Rebecca is exactly the type of girl that Luke used to date in college, meaning she’s blonde and gorgeous. Several orders of magnitude better-looking than me at my best. I can’t help but notice she’s got a huge rock on the ring finger of her left hand. And that she’s accompanied by a man who’s probably twenty years older than her and not particularly attractive, especially compared with Luke.
“Luke,” Rebecca coos. “It’s so good to see you again!”
Luke lifts his eyes only briefly to look up at her. “Hello, Rebecca.” 
“I’d like you to meet my fiancé, Richard,” Rebecca says, gesturing at the thin, gray-haired man next to her. 
“Luke Thayer,” Richard says, holding out his hand for Luke to shake. “I’ve heard the legends, of course. But it’s great to finally meet you in person.”
Luke shakes Richard’s hand and seems moderately embarrassed by his inability to really solidly grip the other man’s hand. Richard too seems surprised by the limpness of the handshake. “Nice to meet you,” Luke says quietly.
Rebecca regards me with a critical eye. I can tell she’s trying to sum me up, figure out my type. “And who’s this?”
“This is Ellie,” Luke says, possessively putting his arm around my shoulder. “She’s… we’re together.”
“Oh,” Rebecca says. Then she adds in a really patronizing voice, “That’s wonderful, Luke. Good for you.”
By the time Rebecca sashays away to her own table, Luke seems completely beaten down. He doesn’t say much for most of the music set, mostly just stares down at his drink. I feel awful for him. I don’t even blame him for his anxiety in the bedroom anymore. Getting shot down by a woman like Rebecca seems like a permanently damaging experience.
After the singer finishes up, I head off to the restroom, although Luke is so preoccupied he barely seems to notice. When I get out of the stall, I see none other than the infamous Rebecca touching up her make-up. I immediately feel uncomfortable and smile at her politely, hoping our interaction will be left at that.
Unfortunately not.
“So you’re dating Luke, huh?” Rebecca says. “Ellie, right?”
“Uh-huh,” I say, not sure which question I’m supposed to answer, but the answer to both is yes.
“You have a stronger stomach than I do,” Rebecca says.
“Excuse me?”
She shrugs. “I mean, when it comes to money and power, Luke is entirely ideal. I mean, he’s absolutely loaded. But when it came to the bedroom, I just couldn’t go through with it. I mean, when I saw him, you know, all of him, it felt like it should have been illegal.” She laughs. “I guess you just want it more than I do.”
I’m shocked that she’s saying this to me. At first, I’m at a loss for words, but then I manage, “I’m not dating Luke for his money.”
Rebecca laughs harder. “Oh, come on. It’s okay. I certainly can’t throw stones.”
I stick out my chin. “Luke is a wonderful guy and I think he’s really sexy.”
“A wonderful guy?  Sexy?” Rebecca stares at me, looking very confused. “Is he paying you to be here with him?”
“No!” I’m not a violent person, but I seriously want to punch Rebecca in the face. “Look, as hard as this may be for you to believe, I actually really like Luke. He’s smart and cute and… and fantastic in bed! And if you didn’t realize that, then you’re a shallow bitch.”
Rebecca is still staring at me as I stride out of the bathroom.
I rush back to our table, where Luke is sipping on his beer. I approach him breathlessly. “We should go. Now.”
“Why?”
“Because I just told off your ex-girlfriend in the bathroom,” I say.
For the first time since Rebecca arrived, Luke smiles. “Okay,” he says.
***
Back at Luke’s house, he immediately grabs me. He pulls me onto his lap and he can’t stop kissing me and touching me. “Let me go down on you,” he says.
“No,” I say. “Let’s have sex.”
Luke’s shoulders sag. “Look, Ellie, I know you’re being nice, but… you just… don’t understand.”
“You can’t base anything on Rebecca,” I say. “She’s a horrible person. She only wants to date men for their money. Honestly, I don’t know why you were dating her in the first place.”
He lowers his eyes. “I guess because she was the sort of girl I used to date. And I wanted to prove to myself that I could still get that type of girl.”
“Well, she’s awful,” I assure him. “And you’re lucky it didn’t work out.”
With those words, I go for the button of his pants. I undo it and Luke quickly swats me away with his hand. “Luke!”
“Ellie,” he sighs. “Can’t you just trust me that… that…”
“No, I can’t,” I say. “If we’re dating and I can’t even see you naked, then I don’t know what. This isn’t going to work out, I’ll tell you that much.”
Luke shakes his head. “You don’t understand.”
“No, you don’t understand,” I say. “I’ve got a three-month rule that I need to date a guy for three months before having sex with him. But I’m breaking that rule for you. Because you’re the sexiest guy I’ve ever met.”
He seems baffled by that revelation. “Really?”
“Really.”
“But… why?”
I don’t answer him and instead start kissing his neck. While I do, my fingers go back down to his pants start unzipping his slacks. His whole body is stiff and tense, but he lets me do it. I pull down his boxers as I continue kissing his face and his neck. He’s stiff at first, but then his muscles loosen up and he starts kissing me back.  All I can think about how sexy Luke is and how much I want to make love to him. I don’t care anymore about my three-month rule. Fuck the three-month rule.
Luke obviously senses my urgency and starts wheeling us in the direction of his bedroom. Between my weight and the decreased strength in his hands, he’s struggling a lot to wheel the both of us, but I do nothing to help. I like the fact that he’s struggling enough that his face is turning slightly pink with effort. Shows how much he wants me.
I climb into Luke’s bed and he kisses me on the lips. “Just a minute,” he says. He wheels himself to the bathroom and I hear some rustling and rattling around. I have no idea what he’s doing in there. Putting in a diaphragm, perhaps? (Kidding.)
When Luke finally comes out, he quickly wheels over and transfers into the bed next to me. I’m breathing heavily at this point. He starts to pull at the intricate buttons on my blouse but he’s having trouble and I can tell that if he doesn’t succeed in another second, he’s going to rip it open, so I quickly undo the buttons myself, as well as the ones on his shirt (although he seems able to manage his own buttons a little better). Finally, I’ve got Luke completely naked.
I admit, it’s a little difficult not to compare this Luke’s body to the one I saw naked during Primal Scream all those years ago. That Luke had the body of a Greek god. This Luke has the body of… well, a disabled man. His hands don’t look quite right, and it’s obvious there are no muscles at all in his abdomen. And he’s pale, very pale. Luke hasn’t been showing off this body at the beach any time recently.
“Okay?” He’s studying my face anxiously.
“It’s fine,” I say quickly.
“I just took a pill,” he whispers. “To get a… you know, erection. It… usually works. Should be fine. I hope. I mean, it will be fine. But we’ve got to give it a little time.”
So we take things slow, even though it just about kills me. We lie side by side in bed, he kisses me, I kiss him. I rub my naked body against his, and after about thirty minutes of this, I feel Luke’s penis growing hard against me. I put my hand on it, and while it’s not as fantastic as one might have expected from the Great Lucas Thayer, I’m fairly sure it’s good enough for him to penetrate me. 
I put on a condom for him and he lies on his back while I pump against him in the cowgirl position. He keeps his hands on my hips, but compared to his skill when he ate me out, he isn’t able to do very much now. He’s mostly lying there while I do all the work, which I guess is all he can do. But I don’t mind so much. It’s actually a nice reversal, considering Luke is always the one with all the power. Part of me wishes he’d wipe the worried expression off his face, although part of me loves him more for it. I finally come three times, then collapse onto his sweaty body.
“Did you come?” I ask him.
“I don’t come,” he says.
I stare at him.
He shrugs. “It’s okay. I just want you to enjoy yourself.”
“But didn’t you enjoy it too?”
“Of course I did,” he says and hugs me.
This Luke is so different from the one I used to know. The old Luke wouldn’t have shrugged at the idea of not being able to have an orgasm or told me earnestly that he just wanted me to enjoy myself. I could never have loved the old Luke. But I think I’m falling for this one.
 

Chapter Fifteen

Luke is always happy to pick me up to go back to his house, but he absolutely hates to visit me in Brookline. “I hate crowded areas,” he grumbles, whenever I suggest it. He’s not at all impressed when I tell him about the guy in the power wheelchair who always hangs out by the Trader Joe’s in Coolidge Corner. 
But there’s a farmer’s market going on and I haven’t been there in ages. Luke sounds horrified when I mention it to him. “What are you—a hippie?”
And that’s how I know he must really like me, because even though he hates Brookline and he hates farmer’s markets, he still shows up at my building on Sunday afternoon, wearing a dress shirt from work, but also Ray Ban sunglasses. Nobody in the world but Luke could pull that off.
“I look like an idiot, right?” Luke asks me as he pulls off the sunglasses to reveal his nice brown eyes.
“No,” I insist. “You look hot.”
He pulls me into his lap and kisses me deeply on the lips. It’s so intense that I don’t even notice the fact that my neighbor Sadie is standing in front of us, pushing a shopping cart full of grocery bags, her jaw hanging open. Not until it’s too late.
“Sadie,” I gasp, leaping off of Luke’s lap. Luke just looks amused.
“Is this your suitor?” Sadie asks me, her voice almost comically loud.
“Um,” I say. I look over at Luke, who looks even more amused than he was a minute ago. “I… I guess it is.”
“I’m Luke Thayer,” he says to her. “I’m so sorry for Ellie’s rudeness.”
Sadie laughs. “Nice to meet you, Luke dear. I’m Sadie Katz.”
“Okay,” I say with false cheerfulness. “I guess we’d better get going.”
“I don’t blame you for liking him, Ellie,” Sadie says to me. “Look at that punim! So handsome. He looks just like Robert Redford.”
I only very vaguely know who Robert Redford is, but I suppose it’s a compliment, so I’ll take it. Luke seems pleased anyway.
“Also,” Sadie says in my ear, although loud enough for people across the street to hear. “Don’t worry about the wheelchair thing. My husband was in a wheelchair for the last few years of his life and we still had sex all the time.”
I back away, staring at her. Oh God. I did not need to know that. I look over at Luke, who is very obviously trying not to crack up. I’m glad one of us is amused.
Sadie says her goodbyes, and I’m left with the image of Sadie having torrid sex with her now-deceased husband. Luke puts his sunglasses back on and grins up at me. “You think we’ll still be having sex when we’re a hundred and eighty?”
“Stop,” I say. “Seriously. Ew.”
“All right,” Luke says. “Enough joking around. Let’s check out this farmer’s market. You better make this worth my while, Ellie. I had to parallel park to get a spot. It was horrible.”
We head out to the farmer’s market, where I stock up on fresh vegetables and fruits. Ever since I discovered farmer’s markets a few years ago, it’s very hard to go back to grocery store fruit. You don’t even realize how awful it tastes.
“I’ve never seen someone get so excited over a couple of melons,” Luke comments as I’m sifting through a fruit stand. “No wait, I take that back, I have definitely seen someone get that excited over a couple of melons.”
I stick my tongue out at him and he does the same. The breeze has mussed his hair and as I watch, he tugs on his shirt to undo the top button, revealing the tiniest bit of golden chest hair. It’s just so sexy, I can hardly bear it. Why does there have to be a flight of stairs to get up to my apartment? Why?
“I wish there weren’t stairs to get to your apartment,” Luke says, as if reading my thoughts. 
“Well,” I say, “maybe I should move.”
He raises his eyebrows. “You’d move for me?”
“I don’t know,” I mumble, my cheeks red. “I might, you know… consider it.”
Luke smiles up at me. “I wouldn’t object to that.”
Although there’s a small part of me that wonders if I wait long enough, a room might come available in a certain house in Newton.
 

Chapter Sixteen

I’m not terribly excited when Luke invites me to go out with him and a couple of his “prep school buddies.” I immediately imagine the three of them wearing matching blazers and preppy haircuts. This does not excite me.
“Are you seriously still friends with people you went to high school with?” I ask him. We’re lying in bed together, naked and kind of sweaty from the previous activities of the evening.
“No,” Luke says. “Actually, I hate these guys.”
“Even better,” I say. “Do you hate every single one of your friends?”
“Possibly,” he admits. He shrugs. “I knew a lot of assholes in prep school and college. And lately, I’ve been too busy working to make new friends. So I’m kind of stuck with the assholes.”
“Lovely.”
“Anyway, they’re good business contacts,” he says. “Carter is next in line for his family’s business and they’re almost as big as ours.”
“Carter? That’s his first name?”
“Look, are you coming or not?”
“I don’t know.” I make a face. “How much do you want me to come?”
Luke props himself up on his elbow and looks me in the eyes. “A lot.”
“Really?”
“Yeah,” he says and grins sheepishly. “I get together once or twice a year with these guys and every time they show up with some gorgeous girl and I’m usually… well, I’m usually alone. This year, I want you with me.”
It’s very hard to say no to that.
We go out to dinner with Carter and Peter on Saturday night. I can tell Luke is a little nervous about it by how long he spends trying to figure out what to wear. He holds up like three ties and asks me which one is best, but how the hell should I know?  I just tell him they all look very expensive, which is the truth. 
He tries to persuade me to let him buy me a dress for tonight, but I refuse. I already feel weird about the $5,000 dress, which is still hanging in my closet and I swear I can’t imagine ever wearing it again. I do end up buying a new dress, but I get it at the mall. The mall has plenty of nice stuff.
We meet Carter and Peter at a Legal Seafood. We arrive first to hold our table and I can see Luke shifting in his chair even more than he usually does. “You okay?” I ask him.
“I guess,” he mumbles.
“What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know,” he sighs. “I guess it’s just that ever since high school, everything was always a competition with these guys. And I feel like ever since I got paralyzed, it’s always been a given that I can’t win. Which, you know, I don’t care, fuck it. But it’s just not the most fun way to spend the evening.”
“Luke,” I murmur, my heart going out to him. I lean forward and kiss him on the lips, feeling him pull me closer. I don’t think either of us wants to be here right now. I’m just about to suggest we blow off his friends when I hear snickering above us.
“Thayer, you old dog!” I look up and see a good-looking guy with perfect golden hair and an impressive tan grinning down at us. “Finally got yourself a woman, have you?”
“Hello, Carter,” Luke says tightly. “This is Ellie. Ellie, this is Carter.”
He sticks out his hand and nearly crushes mine in it. What kind of man shakes a woman’s hand that way?
“Good to meet you, Ellie,” Carter says. “We’re all really pleased for Luke. We were beginning to wonder if he’d turned gay or something. But you seem all woman to me.”
“God, shut up, Carter,” Luke says.
In a few minutes, Carter’s girlfriend Olympia joins us from the restroom. Olympia is one of those completely perfect-looking women who seems designed for magazines or TV, and I later find out that she is, in fact, a model. Then Peter shows up with his girlfriend Regina, who is also a model. 
So I’m sitting there with five of perhaps the most good-looking people I’ve ever seen. (Admittedly, Luke doesn’t have it going on as much since he’s in the wheelchair, but from the neck up, he’s still pretty gorgeous.) I feel so awkward sitting there, in no small part because Carter and Peter can’t stop talking about women. Before our appetizers arrive, I find out that Carter thinks Angelina Jolie is the hottest actress in Hollywood, while Peter prefers Zoe Saldana.
“What about you, Luke?” Carter asks him. To his credit, Luke has gracefully stayed out of the conversation. 
“Um, I don’t know,” he says, glancing at me.
Peter snickers. “What, do you have to get Ellie’s permission to participate in the conversation?”
“Are you seriously that whipped, Thayer?” Carter says.
Luke’s face darkens and for a second, I’m worried he’s going to say something regrettable, so I quickly interject with, “It’s okay, Luke. I want to hear who you like too.”
“You do?” 
“Of course,” I say. “Aren’t we both supposed to make a list of five celebrities we’re supposed to be allowed to have sex with if the opportunity arises?”
Luke laughs. “Okay, so who would be on your list then?”
“Um,” I say thoughtfully. “I’m not really sure.”
“Justin Bieber?” Carter suggests.
“Isn’t he, like, thirteen?” I point out. 
“I don’t know,” Carter says, chuckling. “You seem like a Belieber to me.”
I roll my eyes. “No, it would be more like… Hugh Jackman.”
“Wolverine?” Luke looks amused. “I would have taken you more for the Peter Parker type.”
“Well, maybe you don’t know everything about me.”
Peter is still snickering. “Ellie, nothing personal, but I doubt Hugh Jackman would have sex with you.”
My face turns red as Luke says to Peter, “Yeah, and I’m sure Zoe Saldana would jump at the chance of having sex with you.”
“I think I could get Zoe Saldana,” Peter says confidently. “If the opportunity arose.”
Sometime before the arrival of our entrees, I’ve decided that I don’t like either Peter or Carter. In fact, I kind of hate them. I’m glad Luke prefaced the dinner by telling me they were assholes, or else I would have lost all respect for him.
Eventually, I become as quiet as Olympia and Regina, who must have learned the hard way to keep their mouths shut. The dinner is very much a competition between the three men who subtly jab at each other any chance they get. Carter and Peter tease Luke about his lack of romantic success, whereas Luke casually mentions that Peter’s company’s stock recently dropped. As much as he says he hates them and feels he “can’t win,” Luke plays the game just as well as they do.
It becomes obvious to me that while Peter and Carter have more social success, Luke is the far better businessman. I’m fairly sure that Thayer Industries is the largest company of the three of them, and Luke has the most money.
Part of the reason may be because neither Peter nor Carter seem to work very hard. They talk a lot about traveling through Europe, going horseback riding (why do the rich always ride horses?), and various other recreational activities. “We’re going rock climbing in two weeks,” Carter says. He adds, “That’s not really Luke’s activity, is it?”
I recall Luke told me the way he got injured was rock climbing. I want to ask if these were the guys he was with when it happened, but I feel that would be as tasteless as Carter’s comment.
When the check comes, it’s practically a battle to the death over who’s going to pay. They all whip out their gold credit cards and beg to foot that gigantic bill. There’s a part of me that wants to offer to pay too, just to see the look on their faces, but if they somehow agreed to let me pay, I’d have to go to the bank to take out a loan or something. Apparently, Luke paid last time, so somehow Carter wins out.
“I made after dinner reservations at the Dubonney Club,” Carter says. “I thought we could get some drinks there.”
“Fantastic,” Peter says. “Luke, are you coming?”
“No, that’s all right,” Luke says. “I’ve got an early meeting tomorrow morning.”
Carter grins. “You work too hard, old man. You gotta enjoy life more. Meet more women. Stay out late.”
Luke just shakes his head. “Yeah, that’s all right. Thanks anyway.”
I want to be a good girlfriend and encourage Luke to go, but he seems like he wants the evening to end as much as I do. As we drive back, he’s practically fuming. “I hate those guys,” he says.
I laugh. “I hate them too. But I wouldn’t have minded if we went to that club.”
“They didn’t want me to come,” Luke says.
“How do you know?”
“Because the Dubonney Club has like a million stairs and no elevator,” he says. “And they know it. We went once and I was stuck in the lobby while they went upstairs to try to figure out if it was worth staying there. After thirty minutes, I gave up and left.”
“Why do you bother seeing them?”
“I don’t know,” Luke says. “Force of habit, I guess. Plus, this year, I wanted to… you know…” He grins. “Show you off. Sorry, is that insulting?”
“No, it’s not.” In fact, I can’t help but feel flattered. Nobody’s ever thought of me as someone worth showing off. I can’t believe he thinks I’m in any way comparable to those two models. “By the way, those two guys are jealous as hell of you.”
“Yeah, right.”
“They are,” I insist. I can’t believe that Luke, with all his intelligence, can’t see that. “They think you’re much more successful than they are. That’s why they’re such assholes to you.”
Luke laughs. “I don’t know if you’re right about that. But thanks for saying so.”
“By the way,” I add. “If you want to know why I wouldn’t go out with you in college, that’s why.”
“Oh, come on. I wasn’t that bad.”
“Of course you were.”
“That’s only because you didn’t know me.”
“No,” I say, as I look at his perfect facial profile, contrasting with his hunched shoulders. “You’re different now.”
He shrugs.
“Hey,” I say. “I wanted to ask you, when you… got hurt, were you rock climbing with Carter and Peter?”
Luke nods. “Yeah, I was climbing with Carter. Somehow he always manages to bring it up.”
My eyes widen. “Was it his fault that you got injured?”
“God, no,” he says. “It was my own dumb fault for being careless and thinking I was invincible. Carter tried to warn me to be careful, and after I fell, he made sure not to move me and he ran to get help. I think he was more freaked out than I was. But it was always weird between us after that.” 
Luke is quiet for a while after telling the story. I don’t say anything and finally he says, “I still remember lying there on the ground and not being able to move my arms or legs. It never even occurred to me for a second that my injury could be permanent. I just figured I’d go to the hospital and they’d fix me. And now I feel like, whenever I hear about some new experimental treatment to ‘cure’ spinal cord injury, I know it’s bullshit. I know I’m going to be in a wheelchair for the rest of my life.” He shakes his head. “Maybe you’re right. Maybe I am different than I was back then.”
“That’s a good thing, you know,” I tell him.
“Maybe,” he says quietly.
I guess I can see his point. Luke is by far a better person now than he was in college. But I can see how it would be nice to go through life as an oblivious jerk.
 

Chapter Seventeen

Luke and I spend practically every night together over the next several months. Generally what happens is we fool around, which consists of either sex or him going down on me, usually the latter, followed by my using my mouth to pleasure him in some way. Then we get some dinner and cuddle up together watching the news or something.   
“Tomorrow evening I’m going to be gone,” Luke says randomly one night as we’re watching the nightly news.
“Why?” I ask. I feel a little clingy asking but I can’t help myself. “Meeting?”
“No, I have to go over to my parents for dinner in Weston,” he mumbles.
Luke very rarely mentions his parents. Right away, I’m intrigued. “Do you want me to come?”
“No,” he says quickly. He looks at my face and adds, “It would bore you. I’m mostly going to talk business with my father.”
“Lucas Thayer the second?” I ask teasingly.
Luke seems confused. “What are you talking about?  My father’s name is Thomas.”
Okay, now I’m confused. “I thought you were Lucas Thayer the third?  That’s what you said in college.”
Luke laughs and smiles apologetically. “No, I guess I made that up to sound important. My mother was just really into Star Wars when I was born.”
“You’re joking.”
“Afraid not.”
I have to hold a hand over my mouth to stifle laughter. Luke makes a face at me and tries to turn up the volume on the TV, but I grab the remote from him before he has a chance. “So what’s your dad like?” I ask.
“Beats me,” he says. “We don’t talk about anything besides business. Haven’t in years. Maybe ever.”
“Do you have any photos of your parents?”
Luke rolls his eyes. “What is it with women and photos?”
I prod him long enough though and he retrieves a handful of photos of his parents tucked away in a drawer. His father is an imposing man in his sixties with a lot of white hair, a deeply wrinkled face, hollowed cheeks, and a prominent nose. Luke’s mother, on the other hand, appears at least a decade younger and is stunningly beautiful. I guess that’s what money buys you. “You don’t look much like your father,” I remark.
“Yeah, he says I lucked out,” Luke says with a grin. “People say I look a lot like my mom.”
He does. I always figured Luke inherited the Thayer family good looks or something, but apparently he just inherited the trophy wife’s good looks. 
“So can I come?” I ask.
“No.”
“No? Why not?”
“Because it’s going to be horrible and I don’t want to put you through that.”
“But it’s your family,” I point out. “I want to meet them.”
Luke looks kind of miserable about it, but he eventually agrees to let me come along to the dinner. I’m nervous but also a little excited to meet the people who gave birth to Luke Thayer.
***
The next night, Luke picks me up in his car to drive to his parents’ house out in Weston. Weston is a town west of Boston that boasts the highest per capita income in Massachusetts, so it doesn’t surprise me that this is where Luke’s family lives. It doesn’t escape me that Luke lives only a short distance away from them, yet doesn’t seem to see them very often. 
I agonize over what to wear. I want to wear something that will show that I’m good enough to be dating a Thayer. The number of hours I spend trying on outfits is a tribute to my growing feelings for Luke. I finally choose a flowered skirt and black fitted blouse that seems to match. Both are practically new, as I don’t have much opportunity to dress up outside of work.
Luke seems really tense when he picks me up. His jaw is clenched and he barely pecks me on the cheek as I climb into the car beside him. He looks like he could use a massage, but I’m not in a good position to give him one, so instead I say, “Can I turn on the radio?”
“Knock yourself out,” Luke says, as he merges onto the highway and I instinctively grab the edge of my seat.
I fiddle with the tuner on the radio. I haven’t listened to the radio in years and I’ve mostly lost touch with new music. I guess that’s the problem with getting into your thirties. I don’t even know who’s popular anymore. Do people still listen to Britney Spears?
“What station is WBCN?” I ask Luke. “I loved that station in college. Alternative music, right?”
“It’s gone,” Luke says. “Shut down. Became a sports station.”
“You’re joking!” I cry. “That’s a tragedy! How could they do that?”
“Boston loves its sports,” Luke says with a shrug. He glances over at me. “Do you want me to buy the station and bring it back?”
I laugh. “You couldn’t really do that.”
Luke shrugs again. Oh God, could he?  He probably could. If I asked him to, Luke could buy me a radio station. That’s… kind of cool. Not that I’m impressed by such things.
We drive up to Luke’s parents’ house, and if I was intimidated by Luke’s place, this house is mind-blowing. It’s really more of an estate, with a long winding driveway, a pool, and a vast lawn with fruits growing in it. I feel the blood draining out of my face as I stare at this mansion. I shouldn’t be here. Luke should be here with, I don’t know, a princess or something. Not Ellie Jenson from Jersey.
“This is where you grew up,” I manage to ask him as I emerge from the car on rubbery legs.
Luke nods. He doesn’t seem to realize how intimidated I am by this house. I guess to him, it’s just home.
The house is so beautiful and perfect that the splintered unfinished board leaning against the front steps seems out of place. For a second, I can’t figure out why it’s there, until Luke positions his wheelchair in front of the board and uses it as a ramp to get up the steps. At the top of the board, he struggles a bit to maintain his balance as he jumps up onto the landing.
“No ramp?” I ask.
“My father hasn’t accepted that my inability to walk is permanent,” Luke says. “So I have to call the housekeeper whenever I’m coming to visit so they put out the board for me, so I can get inside.”
 I stare at him, shocked.
Luke sighs. “You should probably know, my father’s in permanent denial about my disability. I had to tell him I hired a physical therapist to get me walking again, which of course, I have not. He thinks that if I try hard enough, I’ll walk.”
My heart goes out to Luke. No wonder he seemed so tense in the car earlier.
Luke rings the doorbell, and a few moments later, the pretty woman from the photographs throws open the door. I’m a little relieved it’s not a butler or something. I immediately catch the strong resemblance between mother and son, which makes me like Mrs. Thayer, because of course, I like Luke.
“Luke, sweetheart!” she cries as she bends down to hug him. Mrs. Thayer may be a trophy wife and her face may be lifted to the hilt and her boobs made from silicone, but I don’t doubt for a second that she really loves Luke. She hugs him way too long for it to be phony. “I missed you so much, darling! You need to visit more often.”
“I’ll visit more often when you get a ramp to the front door,” Luke says pointedly. 
Mrs. Thayer blushes a bit, then lays her eyes on me. She gives me a quick once-over and her face lights up. “This must be Ellie!” she cries. And I’m pleased because Luke told her about me. I expect her to shake my hand or something equally formal, but instead she throws her arms around me. “It’s so good to meet you. So wonderful!”
“It’s nice to meet you too, Mrs. Thayer,” I say awkwardly.
“Please, call me Sophie,” she says. Am I imagining it or are her eyes a little teary? Well, at least she didn’t tell me to call her Mom.
Luke looks really uncomfortable by now. He’s shifting in his wheelchair, looking around the house. “Where’s Dad?” he asks.
“He’s resting in the bedroom,” Sophie says. She lowers her voice. “I should tell you, Luke, he’s not doing too well. He’s been needing the oxygen almost all the time. He has to hang onto the furniture when he walks.”
Luke nods. I knew his father had a heart attack and that was why he gave up the company to his son, but I didn’t realize he was that sick. It’s not something Luke ever talked about.
Sophie leads us down a hallway, and at the end, she opens the door to a dimly lit room. Before I can see anything, I hear the blowing of oxygen from the tank. Then my eyes adjust a little and I can see the gray-haired man lying in bed with oxygen prongs in his nose. When I see his sunken cheeks, pale face, and closed eyes, for a second I think he might be dead. But then his eyes fly open and he yanks the prongs out of his nose. “Sophie,” he snaps as he sits up, “why didn’t you tell me Luke was here?”
“I wanted to let your rest,” Sophie replies gently.
“How are you doing, Dad?” Luke asks.
“Great,” Mr. Thayer huffs. “Never been better! I think I’ll be ready to come back to work within the month.”
Luke doesn’t say anything.
“And how about you?” Mr. Thayer says. “Have you been walking at all yet?”
Luke shakes his head. “Uh, not… yet.”
“But you’re trying, right?” his father presses him. “You haven’t given up, have you?  Thayers never give up.”
Luke seems at a loss for words, so instead he says, “Dad, this is Ellie.”
Mr. Thayer, noticing me for the first time, gives me the usual look up and down. But in contrast to the immediate approval I received from Sophie, his face reflects the reaction I’ve been afraid of every time I go somewhere with Luke. That I’m clearly lower class, not terribly pretty, and nowhere near good enough with someone with the money and the name of Thayer.
“Ellie what?” he says.
“Jenson,” I reply weakly.
“Are you from Massachusetts?” he asks.
“New Jersey,” I admit.
Mr. Thayer doesn’t even bother to hide his contempt. He shakes his head at his son. “Oh, Luke…”
Luke’s face reddens. “Dad, I don’t even want to hear it. Ellie is wonderful. And… I love her.”
My heart skips a beat. It’s the first time Luke’s said that and I can’t believe he’s announcing it in front of his parents. And as he says it, I realize that I think I love him too.
“Whatever,” Mr. Thayer says, waving his hand as if he’s too important to be concerned by any of this.
“I came to discuss the company’s finances with you,” Luke says. “If you’re well enough.”
“Of course I’m well enough!” Mr. Thayer snaps.
“Fine,” Luke says, no warmth in his voice.
Sophie takes me by the arm and leads me toward the door. “This will be dull for us females,” she says. “Why don’t you and I go have a cup of coffee?”
I thought Sophie was going to make a pot of coffee herself, but instead she delegates the responsibility to her maid and the two of us retire to the “sitting room,” as Sophie calls it. It’s like their living room, only slightly smaller. I can’t imagine living this way. I feel so bourgeois.
“So how did you and Luke meet?” Sophie asks me when we’re seated.
“Through work,” I say, not wanting to get into the long story of Luke’s infatuation with me back at Harvard.
“Oh, you work then?” Sophie asks, looking pleased.
“Uh, yes,” I say.
“That’s so wonderful,” Sophie says. “The way so many women work nowadays. Tom would never let me work. Aside from the pageants, of course, but I retired from that after getting married.”
“Pageants?”
“Oh, yes,” Sophie says. “I was Miss Delaware. A long time ago, of course.” She adds, “But not too long. I had Luke when I was quite young.”
I can totally see Sophie being in a beauty pageant. She’s certainly pretty enough. And while she might be exaggerating her youth, she’s probably at least fifteen years younger than her husband.
“Luke seems very happy with you, by the way,” Sophie says, her eyes shining. “I haven’t seen him so happy in… well, ages.”
“Oh,” I say, blushing.
“It’s hard,” she goes on, “with all the money that he has and his reputation, to find a nice girl to go out with.”
Reputation?  What reputation?
“And of course,” Sophie adds, “it’s been so hard since the accident. A lot of women, even the gold-diggers, are hesitant about a man with a serious disability.”
I feel like Sophie’s talking too much and Luke would be outraged if he knew. I’ve known women like Sophie before, who seem unable to censor what they say. I wonder if I can use that to my advantage.
“What reputation do you mean, Sophie?” I ask her.
Sophie laughs. “Oh God, you know. Anyone who’s successful, they just try to slander them.”
Okay, that was extremely unhelpful. What the hell is Luke’s secret?  This is getting ridiculous.
“Anyway,” Sophie says, “you can take it from me: Luke is a really good person.”
There’s a pause in the conversation. I look at my watch and realize we’ve been sitting here barely ten minutes. How long is Luke going to be in there with his father?  We’re not going to be sitting here awkwardly for an hour, are we? Or what if it’s longer?
“Um,” I say, “what was Luke like as a kid?”
Sophie’s eyes light up and I know we’ve got the next hour covered.
***
Luke is with his father for nearly two hours. In that time, I’ve managed to see every photo of him from birth through age eighteen. He comes out of his father’s bedroom looking exhausted and then seems slightly horrified when he sees all the photo albums. “Mom,” he says, “what have you been doing to poor Ellie?”
“She asked,” Sophie says defensively.
I shrug and Luke just seems too tired to pursue the matter further. “I guess we should go,” he says.
“We’re not staying for dinner?” I ask.
Luke makes a face. “There are five steps to the dining room. My father’s rule is that if I can’t climb those five steps on my own, I can’t stay for dinner. So I think we’ll leave.”
“Oh, Luke,” Sophie murmurs. “We can eat in the living room. The truth is, your father can’t climb those stairs anymore either. He’s too weak.”
“I think we’re going to go anyway,” Luke says. “We’ll just grab dinner on the way home.”
“If you want, sweetheart,” Sophie says, looking extremely disappointed. It’s so obvious that disability or not, Sophie worships the ground her son walks (or wheels) on. “Can I come to your house for dinner one night this month?”
“Of course,” Luke says, and she leans in to give him a hug and a kiss.
On the drive home, Luke seems just as tense and agitated as he did on the way over, although now I guess I can understand why. When we get into Newton, he asks me if I’ll stay the night and I tell him that of course I will.
We grab some Chinese food and eat in the living room. At first, I’m not sure if Luke is going to want to fool around, but when the food is gone, he leans forward and starts kissing my neck. “I’m so glad I have you, Ellie,” he says.
I smile and let him pull me into his lap. He wheels us both to his bedroom and shuts the door behind him. Then he shuts off the lights. Luke always turns off the lights when we fool around and I’ve realized it’s because he’s self-conscious about his body. I try to tell him he’s being ridiculous, but I guess when you go from having the body of the guy I saw the night of Primal Scream to what he’s got now, you realize how much you’re lacking. Honestly, I’ve dated guys who had worse bodies than Luke—fat guys who hadn’t been to a gym in their entire lives. And it’s not like I’m any kind of model myself—I’m sure my scrawny figure pales in comparison to Rebecca. 
Luke transfers onto the bed and I undo the buttons on his shirt. He tenses slightly like he always does, but then he relaxes as I start kissing his chest. I pull off my own shirt and Luke grins. “You’re so beautiful, Ellie,” he says. “What the hell do you see in me?”
“You’re rich,” I say and he laughs.
I force him to lie still and I kiss his neck, shoulders, earlobes, and face… everything he can feel. I can taste his skin getting sweaty and from the way his breathing changes, I can tell he’s enjoying what I’m doing for him. He’s pressing his palms into the small of my back, drawing me closer to him. His breathing gets faster and faster until he throws back his head and moans loudly. I suspect this is the closest he can come to an orgasm.
Luke lies there for a minute, still breathing hard. He blinks and rubs his face. “That was fantastic,” he says.
At this point, most men would probably roll over and say goodnight, but instead he starts kissing me again. Presumably, this means it’s my turn. Usually I’d just be happy and let him pleasure me, but I feel like I’ve got a lot on my mind right now. First and foremost, what secrets is Luke hiding from me?  I feel like every time I ask him, he just blows me off and changes the subject. Maybe it’s time for a more direct approach. Except what can I ask about? I have no idea what rumors everyone is talking about. 
 Well. Except for that one thing Lewis mentioned…
“Luke,” I say, “can I ask you a question?”
“Anything,” he says, as he kisses my neck.
“Have you ever been to a prostitute?”
He stops kissing me abruptly and stares at me. “What?”
He seems so shocked by the question that I’m immediately embarrassed for having asked. “Forget it.”
“Why would you ask me that?” he says.
“I don’t know,” I mumble. “It’s just sort of… something I heard.”
“Something you heard,” he muses. He rolls away from me and I notice he covers up his chest with his unbuttoned shirt as much as possible. 
I do find it interesting that he hasn’t actually denied it. I would think that if it were untrue, that would be the first thing he’d do. Or even if it were true.
“I didn’t,” he finally says. “I swear I didn’t. But… I called a service. Once.”
Now it’s my turn to stare. I hadn’t really expected him to answer in the affirmative.
“It was about a year after Rebecca left me,” he says. “I had no confidence and the whole situation just felt so… hopeless. I figured if I was paying for it, if I knew she had to stay and there was no chance of being rejected, I’d feel more confident. I know that sounds stupid, but you have to understand what kind of mental state I was in.”
Luke’s eyes are lowered and he seems really embarrassed about the whole thing. I almost feel like I should tell him not to continue, but I can’t help myself. I’m curious. “I called this really high-priced, high-quality service,” he says. “But in the end, I couldn’t go through with it. I would have felt like the biggest loser ever, having to pay for it.” He takes a deep breath. “I figured it was better to be celibate than feel that way about myself.”
I haven’t said anything through Luke’s entire story, so he finally looks up at me and studies my face. “Do you hate me now?” he asks softly. 
“No,” I say quickly. “I mean, you didn’t go through with it. That’s what’s important, right?”
“I guess so,” he says uncertainly. 
Just to show him I’m okay with the whole thing, I kiss him deeply on the lips. Does it bother me that my boyfriend once called a prostitute?  Honestly, yes, a little. But I can understand why he did it and I’m not going to hold it against him. Besides, he’s only human. And at least now I know his secret.
 

Chapter Eighteen

The next weekend, I convince Luke to go out to Boston Common and the frog pond when he says he’s never been there. It’s hard to believe that there’s anywhere in the greater Boston area that he’s never visited, but he says he’s been too busy with work. “You never went in college?” I ask him incredulously.
He shrugs. “Never got around to it, I guess.”
Early fall is the prettiest time of year to go to the frog pond. Summer is too hot, although summers are quite short around here. The leaves are just starting to fall and there are tons of joggers around, but more commonly, couples holding hands. “You bring guys here a lot?” Luke asks me jokingly.
“Never,” I answer honestly.
“Good,” he says.
We stroll through the park and eventually come to the frog pond, which is a large pond in the middle of the park. In the fall, they have swan boats with rows of seats that paddle passengers in a circle around the pond. “Do you want to go on the boat?” I ask.
“God, no,” Luke says.
“I’m sure they’ll help you,” I insist.
Luke squints through the sun at the boats. “We can give it a shot, I guess.”
Luke and I get on line for the boat. Admittedly, he’s the only person on line who’s sitting in a wheelchair. But they must get disabled passengers from time to time. We ask about it when we buy the tickets and the older woman behind the counter assures us that someone will help us.
Sure enough, when we get to the front of the line, two guys immediately approach us. They’re both teenagers, probably working here as a part time job during weekends. “Can we help you to board, sir?” one of the boys asks.
“Uh, yes,” Luke says, eying the boat. It doesn’t seem like it’s close enough for him to board comfortably on his own. 
All the people on line are watching us as Luke lines his wheelchair up with the edge of the pier. “How would you like us to lift you?” one of the boys asks.
Luke gives the boy instructions for one to lift him under his legs and the other under his arms. There’s a precarious moment when I’m a little worried they might drop him, but they manage to get him into the boat. He adjusts his legs and I can tell that he’s having some trouble supporting his trunk in the seat, but he holds the side armrest and seems somewhat stable.
“Thanks,” Luke says to the boys. Then he fishes in the front pocket of his pants for his wallet and fumbles as he pulls out a twenty-dollar bill. “Can you make sure to stay with my chair while I’m in the boat?”
The way the boys look at the money, he may as well have given them a thousand dollars. They’re practically tripping over themselves, promising to watch his chair.
I climb into the seat next to Luke and they keep the boat only half full. Initially he seems a little nervous and keeps glancing back to make sure his wheelchair is visible, but then he relaxes and even puts his free arm around me. “This is kind of nice,” he says.
“Occasionally, I’m right,” I say.
“Very occasionally,” Luke concedes.
In the swan boat, we’re just like any other couple. Anybody who saw us, who didn’t watch Luke board, would never know he was disabled, at least if they didn’t look too closely. Probably most people would wonder what a great-looking guy like Luke was doing with someone like me.
The dismount from the boat goes a little more smoothly, but despite having a good time during the ride, Luke seems incredibly relieved to be back in his chair. I guess I can’t entirely blame him.
The sun drops in the sky and it’s getting chilly, so we decide to go to the movies. We decide to see The Town, because it’s about Boston and it’s playing right now. “I never see movies anymore,” Luke admits.
The movie holds my attention. When they show scenes from Harvard Square, I nudge Luke and say, “Look, it’s where we met.” Although in general, I don’t love the movie. I tend to be picky about movies. If there are holes in the plot, I usually get irritated very quickly.
“Why does she even like Ben Affleck?” I rant to Luke when we’re having dinner (pizza) after the movie is over. “And furthermore, how come he’s so dumb that he keeps robbing banks even though the police are after him?  Nobody is actually that dumb.”
“Haven’t you ever heard of suspension of disbelief?” Luke retorts.
“Suspension of disbelief?” I snort. “This wasn’t, like, some fantasy movie.”
“Actually,” Luke says, “while the term ‘suspension of disbelief’ was first coined to describe reading about the supernatural, the modern use of the term has been expanded to include somewhat unrealistic plot vehicles.”
“You mean plot holes,” I say. “That’s total bullshit. So a plot doesn’t make sense and you put the onus on me to suspend my disbelief?  Come on.”
“Well, Ellie,” he says, “if you were familiar with any of the works of Shakespeare, you’d realize that suspension of disbelief is an essential component of theater. He says it himself in the prologue to Henry V.”
“You know,” I huff, “I actually have read…”
I’m about to tick off a list of the works of Shakespeare that I ended up reading in my Tragedies class in college, but then I see that Luke is grinning at me. “What?” I say.
“Nothing,” he says, still smiling. “I just… I love you.”
At first, I’m at a loss for what to say. “You love me because I hated that stupid movie?”
“Yes, partially,” he says. “I also love you because I can’t shut you up when you have an opinion about something. I love you because you’re the most intelligent woman I’ve ever met. I love you because of how cute you look when you’re arguing with me… and when you’re not. And… I just love you. Just because.” He pauses. “You don’t have to say it back. No pressure.”
“I don’t feel pressured,” I say. “I… I love you too.”
Luke nods at our half-eaten pizza. “You want to get out of here?”
I was once again amazed and pleased by Luke’s ability to know exactly what I was thinking.
***
On Thursday night, Luke has a late meeting, so Jenna and I go out for drinks just like old times. We go to the bar near work and I get a beer, and I don’t even lament the fact that nobody is trying to hit on me. I’m content to sit back and let Jenna complain about her love life.
“Boy,” Jenna says, as we’re finishing off our first set of drinks. “You must really be in love with Luke. Usually you tell me to quit whining after about five minutes.”
“No, I don’t,” I say, even though I guess I probably do.
“Nevertheless,” Jenna says, “you’re really into him, aren’t you?”
I blush. “Well, maybe. Kind of.”
Jenna beams. “That’s wonderful, Ellie. It just goes to show that you never know. I mean, Luke doesn’t seem like your type at all.”
“He doesn’t?” 
She shrugs. “Well, you know, he’s so rich and high class. You usually seem to prefer poor and smart.”
“Luke’s smart,” I say. “He’s really smart.”
“Maybe that’s how he eked by,” Jenna winks.
We’re ordering our second round of beers when I see a familiar face walk into the bar. It’s Rita Barnes, who used to be a programmer at our company before moving on to a different job. Way back when, Rita and I used to be good friends. We drifted apart after she left the firm, but I’m thrilled to see her.
“Rita!” I call out, standing up and waving my hand around to get her attention. “Rita! Over here!”
Rita lifts her beer and catches sight of me. When she turns, I realize that she looks tired and old. She has bags under her eyes that weren’t present years ago. “Ellie…” she says. “My God, is that you?”
I nod and gesture for Rita to join us. She obliges somewhat hesitantly, and she and Jenna exchange introductions. “What are you doing around here, Rita?” I ask.
Rita takes a long swig of her beer. “Job interview,” she says. She sighs. “It didn’t go that well.”
“The other job didn’t work out?” I ask, trying to sound sympathetic.
“It worked out fine at first,” Rita says. “Until the company got bought out last year. We all ended up losing our jobs. I’ve been out of work for the last six months.”
Jenna’s eyes widen. “Bought out? By who?”
I grip my beer glass and pray to God that she’s going say the name of some company I never heard of. Or any other company besides…
“Thayer Industries,” Rita says. She takes another swig of beer. “They’re the worst company in the country. That’s what they do, you know. They buy out companies, strip down the waste, and fire everyone.”
“Fire everyone?” Jenna’s face is white as a sheet. I can’t even imagine how I must look.
Rita nods. “They hire new college grads who will work for a quarter of the salary. They kept a few people around, but they had to take huge pay cuts. Basically, the company takes advantage of the fact that the economy sucks right now.”
“That’s… horrible,” I manage.
“I don’t know if you’ve heard of the guy who runs the company, Lucas Thayer,” Rita says. Yeah, may have heard the name a few times. “He’s a monster. He’s got a reputation in the business circles for being a heartless, ruthless bastard, and let me tell you, it’s totally true.”
“Oh?” I say.
“He has zero compassion,” Rita says. “There was a woman at our company who was a single mom with two kids and he figured out a way to say she was breaking her contract so that she didn’t get any severance pay. He’ll turn up the demands and the hours so that everyone quits. He provides health insurance because he has to, but he uses horrible policies with practically no coverage and gigantic deductibles.”
I want to cry out, Luke wouldn’t do that! But suddenly I’m not so sure. Maybe he would. You don’t get so rich by being nice. You get rich by being a heartless, ruthless bastard.
“I met Thayer once,” Rita says. “He has fantastic PR that keeps his name from getting run through the mud in papers and even on the Internet. He pays off Google, I heard. Anyway, the guy’s actually in a wheelchair—he’s a quadriplegic or something. Apparently he’s bitter and wants to destroy everyone else’s lives too.”
Jenna and I exchange looks. Finally, she says, “How do you know all this?”
“Well, it’s all rumors,” Rita says. “It’s hard to find on the Internet because like I said, he pays off the search engines. But when you search hard enough, it’s all there.” She frowns at us. “Why so interested?”
Jenna’s at a loss, so I quickly say, “A friend of ours is in a company that was bought by Thayer Industries.”
“Then your friend is on a time clock,” Rita says. “She should start looking for a new job right now.”
Great.
“Anyway…” Rita rises to her feet. “I really just stopped in for a quick drink. Didn’t mean to burden you with my troubles.”
“It was nice meeting you, Rita,” Jenna says, who looks very pale by now.
After Rita is out of sight, Jenna turns to me in panic. “Oh my God,” she says. “I’m going to get fired. I’m going to have to move back in with my parents.”
“I wouldn’t worry,” I say, trying to be reassuring. “Luke won’t fire you.”
“Well, obviously he won’t fire you,” Jenna says. 
“He won’t fire you either,” I say firmly. “Trust me.”
Jenna and I finish our beers, but we’re both too nervous to talk much. I need to get home and figure out exactly what people are saying about Luke.
 

Chapter Nineteen

The first page of search results on Luke is all nice, complimentary stuff—articles about what a great business genius he is. But this time, I keep looking. And I’m led on a trail that finally reveals to me the rumors that Luke has been trying to hide from me all this time.
It’s hard to say what’s true and what’s not, but damn, there are some people out there who despise Luke Thayer. I mean, really, really hate him. “Heartless” is probably the kindest word that’s used to describe him.
There are a couple of stories I see that really stick with me:

My company was purchased by Thayer Industries last year. I was one of the company’s best employees, but that wasn’t enough to save my job. When I was laid off, I was six months pregnant and had just purchased a house. I tried to make an appointment with Lucas Thayer to see if I could keep my job, but he refused to see me. I finally got in to see him and he wouldn’t even listen to my case. He called security and had them violently drag me out, even though I was eight months pregnant at that point. I went into early labor as a result. I also lost my house.

I picture Luke throwing a pregnant woman out of his office and I feel sick. And it gets worse:

When Thayer Industries purchased my company two years ago, everything changed. We used to be a laid back firm where employees enjoyed coming to work. Everything changed after Thayer took over. At age 58, I was forced to put in huge amounts of overtime and was working nearly every weekend. I was told that if I was too old to keep up, I would lose my job. The result was that I ended up separated from my wife and had a heart attack. When I returned to work after my heart attack, I was told that since I was no longer able to do the work that was expected of me, I was being fired. I was replaced with a 22-year-old graduate from MIT who worked for a third of my salary. They finally got what they wanted. Lucas Thayer is a miserable, heartless man who is out to destroy anyone who keeps him from making an extra dollar.

Every web page I found had dozens of similar stories. I know what Luke said about rumors not being true, but it’s hard to believe that none of this is true. Especially after what Rita told me. 
It’s very hard to read these things. I love Luke. Or at least, I thought I loved the person whom I thought he was. These stories don’t seem consistent with the person I’ve gotten to know over the last few months. Yet they do somehow seem consistent with the boy I met all those years ago in college.
If the things on the web are true, that means that the Luke I’ve fallen for isn’t real. It’s just an act that he’s put on to get me to fall in love with him. He realized that the guy he was back in college wasn’t what I wanted, so he’s decided to pretend to be someone different.
What frightens me most of all is that even though the Luke I knew in college was an arrogant jerk, he wasn’t evil. The man described on these websites is evil. He’s a heartless, bitter, money- and power-obsessed man, who’s universally hated by just about everyone. 
Could that possibly describe Luke?
Well, either way, I know that I’m going to have to confront him about all this.
 

Chapter Twenty

The next night, I arrange to have dinner with Luke in Brookline. I want to be on my own turf, just in case I need to storm out. As usual, he whines for a minute about how Brookline is too inaccessible, but when I tell him he needs to suck it up, he doesn’t mention it again.
He meets me outside my building, waiting patiently in front of the flight of stairs to get to my front door. Funny how just the other day I was thinking that I should move soon to a place that Luke could get inside.
When I get outside, Luke seems very pleased to see me. He’s wearing his shirt and tie from work, but a more casual jacket on top of it because the weather’s gotten a bit nippy this week. His light hair is tousled from the wind and his cheeks have a little bit more color thanks to our recent outings. He looks, actually, incredibly cute. Yeah, his body isn’t fantastic or anything. But he’s still really hot.
“I missed you last night,” he says to me, wheeling closer to me. “The meeting was so freaking boring. You were all I could think about.”
“I missed you too,” I say, but my voice sounds a little choked.
“Where do you want to eat?” he asks me.
I’m hoping he’ll start whining that all the restaurants are too small and crowded, but he seems in a great mood and genuinely happy to be with me, so he quickly suggests a burger place up Harvard Street that usually has free tables. “Sounds good,” I say agreeably.
We start up Harvard Street and Luke seems a little pensive. “I really am sick of these meetings,” he says. 
“Well, nobody tells you to work so hard,” I point out.
“You’re right,” he says. “Actually, to be honest, I’m thinking of cutting back a bit. Or… a lot.”
“Really?” I’m shocked. This is the first time Luke has implied anything like that.
“I’m exhausted, Ellie,” he says. “I kept going because I was good at it and it was really the only thing in my life, but… now there are other things I want to focus on.”
“Oh?  Like what?” Like killing puppies?
“Like you,” Luke says, looking up at me.
I swallow hard and am glad we’ve come to the restaurant, so I get a reprieve from this conversation. We place our orders, get drinks, and take our seats near the back. I know what I have to say to Luke, but the words are sticking in my throat. When I look at him, I can’t believe the rumors could be true. I can’t. But it must be.
“Anyway,” Luke is saying, “I told Michelle that I’m absolutely not doing any more evening meetings unless—”
“Luke, are you planning to fire everyone at my company?”
Luke blinks. He leans back in his wheelchair. “What?”
“You heard me,” I say, my voice wavering only slightly. “Is that your plan?  To fire everyone and replace us with kids who just graduated from college?”
“I’m not going to fire you, Ellie,” he says, his brow furrowed.
“But what about everyone else?” I press him.
He stares at me for a minute and rubs his forehead. Finally, he says, “Yeah, that’s the plan.”
At that moment, the waiter comes by with our burgers. The two cheese-covered slabs of meat sit in front of us, but I have no appetite and I doubt Luke does either.
“So,” he says, “you finally learned to search the Internet.”
“This isn’t a joke, Luke,” I say.
“No, it’s not,” he says. “And I told you before that when someone has a lot of power, people say vicious things about them. Things that aren’t necessarily true.”
“You just told me it was true!” I nearly cry.
“It’s not the entire truth,” he says. “I don’t fire anyone who doesn’t deserve to be fired. I have my people look at each individual and determine if they’re doing their job properly. If not, I let them go.”
“So you think nobody in my company is doing their job properly?” I shoot back. “They all deserve to be fired?  Does that really make sense?”
“Ellie,” he says quietly, “are you aware that your company was struggling? In another year, it would have been belly-up. That’s how I bought it so cheap. Your bosses were thrilled to sell to me.”
“That’s not true,” I say, although I’m not entirely certain of that. I heard some rumors that the company was having trouble making ends meet.
“It’s absolutely true,” he says. “And the reason for that was that there’s rampant waste in your company and people who are not doing their jobs.”
“That’s not true,” I say again, because I don’t know what else to say.
“For example,” he says. “Take your friend Jenna. You’re her boss. What exactly has Jenna contributed to the company recently?  How has she made the company any money?”
I have a sinking feeling in my chest. “She debugged the Kingston software…”
“You mean the software that had to be recalled because it wasn’t working properly?”
Somehow I find myself thinking back to expository writing class in college. How Luke and I used to argue and somehow he’d always seem to get the better of me. But not this time. I won’t let him.
“What about that pregnant woman you fired who lost her house?” I point out. 
“I didn’t know about the rule that pregnant women can get paid for not doing their jobs,” Luke says. “That woman hadn’t contributed anything of substance in a year. I logged two thousand games of solitaire on her computer. She actually had the nerve to complain when I blocked Facebook on the company computers. So yes, I fired her. And I know she’s written online that I drove her into preterm labor when I had security throw her out of my office, but she didn’t really leave me any choice when she burst in like a crazy woman, screaming threats at me.” He shakes his head. “She sued me too. Did she mention that?  She sued me for wrongful termination and a bunch of other bullshit charges. And I won, because every reason I had for firing her was entirely justified.”
As usual, he has an excuse for everything. And of course, it sounds so logical and rational when he says it. “So it doesn’t bother you at all to see people with families lose their jobs?” 
“I give them a chance to pull their weight.”
“But asking them to work nights and weekends?”
He frowns. “If they’d do their goddamn jobs during the day, they wouldn’t need to put in nights and weekends.”
I don’t know what else to say. I look over at our uneaten food, slowly growing cold.
“Ellie,” he sighs. “You have a fantastic work ethic. You must have realized that a lot of your team wasn’t pulling their weight. I bet you were just doing all their work and not thinking anything of it. But you have to understand that you can’t do the work of an entire department. It’s because of your friends that you’re so concerned about that you were going to be unemployed in a year when the company failed.”
I want to believe him. It would be so much easier to believe him. But there’s still one more thing that’s tugging at the back of my mind. “What about Rita Barnes?”
“Rita Barnes?”
“She worked at a company you took over about a year ago,” I say. “She was a great programmer with a good work ethic and you laid her off.”
“I’m sorry,” he says. “I don’t know who she is and I didn’t fire her personally. But if she was fired, there must have been a reason.”
I feel unsatisfied by his answer. I pick up a napkin from the table and start fiddling with it.
“What do you want me to say, Ellie?” he asks. His eyebrows are furrowed and he looks nervous. 
“I don’t want to see anyone in my company fired,” I say.
He doesn’t even hesitate. “Okay.”
“Okay?  Just like that?”
He shrugs. “I’ll bankroll the company. I’ll lose a few million dollars. It’s okay. It’s worth it.”
I’ve never heard anyone talk like that before. A few million dollars either way, no big deal. 
“Are we okay then?” he asks.
I can tell he desperately wants me to say yes. And I want to say yes. I’ve been so happy with Luke the last few months. But I can’t get the things I read out of my head. I can’t stop thinking that there must be some truth in it.
“You don’t trust me anymore,” Luke observes. His voice is quiet, sad.
“I guess I don’t,” I admit.
“I was afraid this would happen someday,” he says. “I was just hoping it wouldn’t.”
Luke and I just sit there, not saying a word, not making any move to try to eat our cold burgers. I wish I could undo everything I read about him last night. Or at least, I wish it had never been written in the first place. But he’s right. I can’t trust anything he says anymore.
“I think I should go,” I say, rising to my feet.
Luke’s face fills with panic. “Ellie, no…”
“I’m sorry,” I say. “I have to.”
“Tell me what to do,” he says. “Please, Ellie. Please tell me what I can do to make this right. I’ll do anything.”
For a second, I take his offer seriously. I try to think of something Luke could do that would change the way I’m feeling right now. But there isn’t anything. I don’t think I could trust him again. I don’t want to be with a man that other people think is a monster. I feel like everything Luke has ever told me has been a lie and you can’t be in a relationship when you feel that way about the other person.
“I’m sorry,” I say again, and just like that, it’s over.
 

Chapter Twenty-One

I’ve never cried over a boy before. I always thought of it as something that dumb angst-y teenage girls do. That’s something I never was. Even as a teenage girl, I was smart enough to know that boys weren’t the most important thing in the world. Of course, I didn’t get any dates in high school, so that helped.
True to form, I don’t cry over Luke. I do feel shitty over the whole thing, though. I find myself thinking about him a lot, picturing the look on his face when I walked out on him. And even though I don’t cry, I pick up the phone no less than a dozen times with the intention of calling him and telling him I made a terrible mistake.
And yes, there’s a part of me that does feel like I made a mistake. I miss Luke. I want him back. I miss cuddling with him, I miss his smile, and I miss… well, you know. That.
And I did love him. I mean, how could I be so wrong about a person?  Maybe he was really telling the truth about everything…
When I come to work the next morning, I tell Jenna that I broke up with Luke. My intention was to tell her first thing in the morning, but she was half an hour late. When I went to her empty cubicle at 9:15, I couldn’t help but remember what Luke said about work ethic and how the reason my company is failing is because ours is so poor.
In any case, Jenna looks horrified when I finally tell her about me and Luke. “What did you do that for?” she cries. “Now he’ll fire all of us!”
“No, he won’t,” I say, although I can’t help but feel a twinge of guilt. Before I broke up with Luke, he offered to save the jobs of everyone at my company. I’m guessing that offer no longer stands.
“Of course he will!” Jenna says. “We already know he’s an asshole. Why wouldn’t he fire us all?  Especially now that you’ve pissed him off.”
“So it’s my responsibility to keep dating a guy that you think is an asshole?” I say. “Jenna, why don’t you date him then?”
To my shock, Jenna actually seems to sort of be considering this idea. This whole conversation makes me feel yet another twinge of sympathy for Luke. I wonder of all the women who have hit on him, how many have liked him for anything besides his money or power.
I finally send Jenna back to her cubicle to get back to work, but as Luke astutely pointed out, she hasn’t done anything worthwhile in years. 
I’m going through and debugging some code when I hear some loud breathing that breaks me out of my coding trance. I look up and see Lewis standing over me. Yet another example of a person who manages to do very little work in the course of a given day.
“Ellie,” he says, “I just wanted to say that I heard that you and Luke Thayer broke up.”
He “heard.” I imagine that means he was eavesdropping on the conversation I had with Jenna.
“Yes,” I say.
His brow creases into an expression I’d imagine he thinks is “caring.” He puts his hand on my shoulder and I practically jump away from him. “I want to apologize,” he says.
“Apologize?”
“Yes,” he says. “For saying I lost all respect for you because you were dating Thayer. It took a lot of guts to break up with him, even knowing it was going to cost you your job.”
God, why do people keep saying I’m going to lose my job?
“Right,” I say. “Well, thanks.”
I feel like our conversation is done, but Lewis just stands there, leaning on the edge of my cubicle. I’m afraid he’s going to knock the wall down. I don’t know if he wants me to say anything, but I’m hoping if I look absorbed in my work, maybe he’ll leave.
“Ellie,” he says. (No such luck, I guess.)  
“Uh-huh?”
“I was just wondering,” he says casually, “if maybe you’d like to get dinner with me this Friday night?”
Oh yuck. I know that’s not a very mature reaction, but it’s the visceral response I get at the thought of going out on a date with Lewis.
“Um,” I say. “I’m sort of busy that night.”
“Well, what about Saturday?”
“I’m busy all weekend.”
“How about next weekend?”
Oh my God, does this man have even a shred of dignity he wishes to preserve?  Does he not have any idea how to take a hint?  Is he really going to make me tell him no a third time?
“I think my parents are coming into town next weekend,” I say. Or I’m washing my hair. Whatever. I’m not going out with you.
For a second, I’m sure that he’s going to ask me about the weekend after, but instead he just shakes his head and smiles, “Well, we’ll have to connect one of these days.”
God, I sure hope not.
***
There’s something kind of classy about the way Luke doesn’t overwhelm me to get me back. He sends me flowers on the second day, a dozen roses left at my doorstep. The card says simply, “Forgive me. I love you, Ellie. –Luke”
He doesn’t call at all. Not even once. I understand that he’s trying to give me some space to work out my feelings as well as trying to maintain his own dignity. While I appreciate that, I also sort of wish he’d make some grand effort to show that he loves me, like sitting outside my window, blasting Peter Gabriel on a boom box. But that’s just not Luke’s style.
 I guess one thing I appreciate is that he doesn’t fire everyone at my company. Everyone is on edge because Luke’s legend has grown in the months since he’s taken over the company, but there haven’t been any pink slips distributed yet. So far, everyone’s jobs are safe.
After a week goes by, Luke leaves a message on my voicemail. His voice is quiet, subdued: “Ellie, I just wanted to let you know that I have some meetings overseas so I’m going to be gone for a couple of weeks. I’ll have my phone, so if you feel like talking, well, give me a call. I… I love you.” I’m embarrassed to admit that I listen to the message a dozen times.
I want to call Luke back. I miss him. I don’t want to believe what people say about him on the Internet. I wish I could erase my brain and go back to a time when I still trusted Luke.
 

Chapter Twenty-Two

Okay, this is almost too embarrassing for words. 
I’m sitting in my doctor’s office, wearing a gown so that goosebumps run up and down my skinny arms. I came in under the guise of being overdue for my annual exam, but pretty much the second I got in, I ’fessed up the real reason I came in, which is that I wanted to be checked for STDs.
My doctor is named Dr. Booth, a woman whose age I can’t pin down any closer than “well over sixty,” who is possibly one of the first female doctors in the country, and always seems a little disapproving of everything. And before now, I’d never actually given her anything to be disapproving of.  But here’s the thing—Luke was lying about a lot of things, so who’s to say he wasn’t lying about his sexual exploits? Maybe he really did go through with seeing that prostitute. So I had to explain to Dr. Booth that I had sex with someone with a questionable past and thought I needed to be checked out and… well, let’s just say that she gave me quite a frowning.
“Oh, Eleanor,” she sighed, shaking her head. “And you didn’t use a condom?”
I feel like some stupid kid in a high school after-school special. Why oh why didn’t we use a condom? At the time we started having sex, it seemed like Luke and I were in competition for the Abstinence Olympics. Plus, and I’m going to be totally straight here, Luke depended a lot on direct sensation in order to keep his erections. So wearing a condom made him fizzle a bit. I’m sure he would have worn one anyway if I asked him to, but I greedily preferred the erection. Now I’ll probably pay for it with a scorching case of herpes.
“I didn’t realize he’d been with so many other women,” I explained awkwardly.
Dr. Booth sighs again, like she doesn’t know what to do with me, and I don’t blame her. I was stupid. It will not happen again.
So I’ve donated both urine and blood for sampling. I’m getting the golden STD screening panel, including all the best diseases, like gonorrhea, Chlamydia, syphilis, hepatitis C, and best of all, HIV. When Dr. Booth said that, I practically fainted. I can’t really imagine Luke Thayer having HIV, but they say anyone can have it, right?
As I sit alone in the examining room, waiting for Dr. Booth to come back in, I hate Luke just about as much as I ever did.
It’s now been over a month since Luke and I broke up. He’s made a few low-key attempts to make amends. He’s sent me flowers and candy. Probably the most important thing he’s done is not fire anyone at my company. I’m not sure whether he’s still working up to it, or if this is something he’s doing for me. In any case, it doesn’t matter. It’s over between me and Luke. And I suspect he realizes that.
After I’ve been waiting in this tiny, freezing exam room for what feels like hours, Dr. Booth enters with a grim expression on her face. My stomach sinks. Oh God. It’s bad news, for sure. Oh shit, do I have HIV?  Oh no oh no… but wait, doesn’t that test take days to come back?  So, maybe it’s just gonorrhea then. Please let it be gonorrhea.
“Eleanor,” she says in a low voice.
My heart is pounding so hard in my chest, I can barely hear my own voice eke out, “Yes?”
“You’re pregnant,” she says.
I’m… what?
No, I can’t be pregnant. I can’t. I mean, I literally cannot be pregnant. “That’s impossible,” I say. “There must be some mistake.”
“It’s not a mistake,” Dr. Booth says.
“Yes, it is,” I say confidently. “I haven’t had sex since my last period. So I can’t be pregnant.” Unless it was an immaculate conception.
“Ah, yes,” Dr. Booth says, “but was your last period normal?  You know, sometimes when the fertilized egg implants, there can be some bleeding.”
Oh no.
She’s right. My last period was much lighter than normal. I attributed it to the stress of the break-up and didn’t think anything of it. 
“What were you using for birth control?” she asks.
My face turns red. “Nothing,” I admit.
Okay, I know that sounds bad. Initially we were using a condom but stopped because of the sensitivity thing. I thought about going on birth control pills, but seriously, Luke doesn’t ejaculate. So it seemed pretty pointless to have to take a goddamn pill every day when there was no sperm to be found anywhere. But I guess all it takes is one little tiny sperm.
“So are you really that surprised then?” Dr. Booth asks.
“Well, he’s a quadriplegic,” I say, turning even redder. “So he doesn’t, um, you know…”
Dr. Booth is looking at me like I’ve completely lost my mind.
“Anyway,” she says. “When was your last normal period?”
“Maybe two months ago,” I say. I still can’t believe this is happening. “But I don’t feel sick at all. Are you sure that test is right?”
“There are no false positives,” she assures me. 
I bury my face in my hands. This is really awful. I think gonorrhea would be way better. I’m pregnant. I’ve got Luke’s baby growing in my uterus. And now I’ve got to figure out what to do about it. If I had gonorrhea, I could just take antibiotics. I really wish I had gonorrhea.
Dr. Booth folds her arms and looks at me. “I don’t do terminations here, but do you want the number for Planned Parenthood?”
“Yes,” I say quietly. “That’s probably a good idea.”
“I assume the father is no longer in the picture,” she says. 
I nod, knowing that if I wanted Luke to be in the picture, he would be.
“You’re not so young anymore, Eleanor,” Dr. Booth says. “After 35, a woman’s fertility starts to decline sharply. You should think long and hard about your options.”
I sit there, feeling ashamed of myself like an irresponsible teenager. How could I let this happen? And now I have to figure out what I want to do. No matter what, I know it’s going to be the hardest decision of my life.
***
The first thing I do when I get out of the doctor’s office is to buy a pregnancy test. I don’t entirely believe the results and I’m hopeful maybe they mixed up my urine sample with someone else’s. That happens, doesn’t it? Once again, I feel like a slutty teenager as I buy the pregnancy test. I feel like the clerk notices the lack of a ring on my finger and knows I got knocked up because of my own stupidity. I’m thirty-four years old—I should be allowed to be pregnant at my age!
My hands are shaking as I read the instructions on the test in the privacy of my bathroom. It’s pretty simple: you pee on it and one line is not pregnant, two lines is pregnant. It’s supposed to take two minutes for the test to read positive, but within thirty seconds, there are two solid lines on the test strip.
And ditto with the second test. And the second box of tests.
Shit. It’s true.
In the past, I’ve contemplated a situation in which I might not get married. I’ve met a lot of jerks and it occurred to me that I might never meet the right guy. But I never once considered becoming a single mother. I had two parents and I feel like that’s the way it’s supposed to be. 
Yet… while I’m pro-choice in theory, I feel like the rules don’t quite apply when it comes to me. I don’t know if I feel comfortable having an abortion. It seems like the kind of thing I’d always regret. I’d always be thinking how old the baby would have been each year, what developmental milestone they would have reached if I hadn’t ended the pregnancy. What if this is my baby? What if this is the baby I’m meant to have?
But I don’t want to do this alone. And I don’t want to do it with Luke, not after the things I’ve found out about him.
I don’t think I have a choice in the matter. I don’t want to let my carelessness ruin my life and to have a child without a father.
 

Chapter Twenty-Three

I call Planned Parenthood and schedule the procedure for the next weekend on Saturday. I don’t tell anyone about my pregnancy, not Jenna, not my parents, nobody. Most of all, I don’t tell Luke. I recognize that if I get rid of the pregnancy, he can never find out. I think it would hurt him too much.
I guess I do feel guilty that I’m not telling him about it. Yes, it’s half his DNA. But the thing is, it’s in my body. I’m the one who would have to go through nine miserable months of pregnancy (well, seven at this point, but still), ruin my body, go through a painful labor, and then either become a single mother or go through the pain of giving my baby away. I think it ought to be at least 90 percent my decision. And I’ve made my decision. So I don’t see the point of torturing him by telling him about it.
Yes, I’m a real humanitarian.
However, Luke, who seems to be somewhat psychic, calls me the very same day I schedule the appointment. I see his number pop up on my cell phone and I’m seized with an overpowering urge to talk to him. Which is the reason I can’t pick up. If I do, I’ll spill the beans. I know myself.
He leaves a message. His voice is formal but a little hesitant: “Ellie, when you get this message, can you give me a call back?”
I don’t know what he wants to talk to me about, but I’m not going to call him back till Saturday evening.
However, when Luke, who usually is Mr. Restraint, calls again half an hour later, my curiosity is piqued. He is usually very cool and reserved, not the kind to call multiple times within the hour. Is there any chance he could know about the pregnancy?  No, it’s not possible. But I’m going crazy wondering what he wants to talk to me about, so I have no choice but to call.
“Hello?” I say into the phone.
“Ellie!” Luke sounds so pleased to hear my voice that I get a little tearful. These pregnancy emotions are really ridiculous.
“Hi,” I say cautiously. 
“It’s, um, been a while, huh?” he says. I always liked the sound of his voice. It tugs at me a little.
“Yes,” I say.
“Listen, Ellie.” He clears his throat. “I… I wasn’t going to bother you. I wanted to give you your space and all, but the thing is that…”
I hold my breath, waiting for his big confession of his love. Ellie, I love you. I can’t live without you. Well, it’s not good enough. It doesn’t change anything.
“The thing is,” he goes on, “my dad died last night.”
My jaw falls open. Despite how fragile his father looked when I met him, this was the last thing I expected Luke to say. I hear his breathing change slightly and I realize that he’s crying on the other end of the line. Luke’s crying. I can’t believe this.

“Oh, Luke,” I whisper.
“Ellie,” he says, his voice breaking slightly. “I’m sorry to do this to you, but… I really need you.”
I hesitate. Seeing Luke right now could be disastrous. I can’t let anything break my resolve to go through with the procedure on Saturday. I can’t let one torrid affair ruin my life.
“Please,” Luke whispers. I have to admit, my heartstrings have been effectively pulled. 
“I’ll be right over,” I say.
I drive to Newton. I channel Luke as I navigate the treacherous streets of Brookline and practically run over an old woman with a walker, but I get there in fifteen minutes, door to door. I’m slightly breathless as I knock. 
Luke answers the door looking awful. He apparently still made it to work today, because he’s wearing a shirt and nice pants, but his shirt is wrinkled, his hair is sticking up all over the place, and his eyes are red and puffy. When he sees me, his eyes fill with tears. “Ellie,” he says. “Thanks for coming.”
“Are… you all right?” I ask as I walk in, feeling lame because he obviously isn’t all right.
“I guess,” he says. 
“Let me make you some tea,” I say, because I must think I’m in England or something.
“I don’t really like tea,” he says. 
“Oh,” I say.
He rubs his eyes. “I just want to talk, if that’s okay. I didn’t want to… to be alone.”
I nod. We go into his gigantic living room and I sit on the couch. He stays in his wheelchair, instead of transferring to sit next to me like he usually does. I guess it’s still kind of awkward between us and he’s respecting my space.
“I shouldn’t be this upset,” he says. “My father and I… we didn’t get along. Obviously.”
“Yeah, I noticed.”
“It wasn’t always like that,” he says. “When I was a kid, he was so proud of me, of everything I did. Then after I got hurt, there was nothing I could to please him. Even all the money I made for the company, it meant nothing to him. He was so ashamed of having a son who was disabled.”
He buries his face in his hands. “Ellie, I was so ruthless. I really did everything I could to make as much money as possible, just to get his approval. I was a total asshole. I did what I had to in order to make Thayer Industries the most powerful company in Boston. I didn’t do anything illegal, but God, it was really hard to sleep at night.”
I can’t believe he’s confessing all this to me. He was so adamant in his insistence that the rumors were untrue. All I can say is, “Oh.”
“But it didn’t fucking matter,” he continues. “No matter how much money I made, Dad didn’t care. I thought I could show him that… that I was just as good as before. But I couldn’t. All he cared about was that I couldn’t walk. And once I gave up on that, he gave up on me.”
“I… I’m sure that’s not true,” I say gently.
“It’s true,” he says. He looks up at me with his bloodshot eyes that are so sad, I want to reach out and hug him. 
And as I look at Luke, I start to remember how sexy I found him, and he looks so sad and pathetic, the opposite of his tough and confident work persona, which somehow makes me want him even more. Luke’s body isn’t great, but it’s human and it’s sexy as hell to me. Nobody’s perfect, especially not me. 
He seems almost shocked when I lean over and start kissing him. At first it seems inappropriate, considering his father died last night, but he’s not stopping me and in fact, seems to want it just as bad or even more than I do.
He transfers onto the couch and we peel off each other’s clothing, all the while kissing each other desperately. God, these hormones are making me really horny. 
I put my hand on Luke’s penis as we kiss, but I notice my attempts aren’t getting him hard. “Sorry,” he whispers when he realizes what’s going on. “I didn’t take my pill, so I can’t… you know. Do… you want me to take it?”
“No, it’s okay,” I say. I do want to have sex with him, especially now that I know he’s free of STDs. (At least I am. All the tests came back negative.)  But I also like the idea of just lying naked with him and kissing and touching. After all, Luke is probably better with his mouth than any other part of his body.
Luke and I lie there kissing for over an hour. We are so sweaty by then that our bodies are nearly stuck together. I’m wet as hell by that point, but Luke doesn’t try anything. I’m glad because I doubt I’d have the willpower to refuse him. 
Luke kisses me on the lips. “Ellie,” he murmurs. “I really love you.”
“I love you too,” I almost say. But then I remember that as attracted as I am to Luke, as much fun as we have together, this isn’t the past. I know things about Luke that can’t be taken back. He’s a heartless, ruthless businessman. Is this the man I want to date? To marry? To be the father of my child?
Absolutely not.
And I need to get out of here before I say or do anything I’ll regret.
“I have to go,” I say.
Luke seems alarmed. “Ellie, no, don’t go! I’m sorry I said that. I was just… you know, thinking aloud. I didn’t mean to pressure you.”
“It’s not that,” I say. “It’s… complicated.”
Luke’s brow furrows and for a second, I want SO badly to tell him everything. But I can’t. I have good reasons for not telling him about my pregnancy. It will kill him to know, especially considering I’m planning to get rid of it.
“Okay,” he finally says, his shoulders sagging.
“I… I’ll call you next week,” I say.
He raises his eyebrows. “Aren’t you coming to the funeral?”
“Oh. Uh, when is it?”
“Saturday morning.”
The same day as my appointment at Planned Parenthood. Of course.
“I actually, um…” I bite my lip. “I have plans that day.”
Luke’s face falls. “Oh.”
“I’m so sorry,” I say. “I really wish I could be there.”
He nods. “I know. You’re a good friend, Ellie. I understand.” 
I look into his damp eyes though and see that he doesn’t understand. He’s hurt. And he doesn’t have any real friends who will be there for him, to help get him through this difficult time. I’m all he’s got.
“Okay,” I say. “I’ll be there.”
Who’s to say I can’t go to a funeral in the morning and have a pregnancy termination in the afternoon?
***
As I sneak by Sadie’s apartment on the way home, I am extra quiet because I really, really don’t want to have to talk to her right now. 
Still, I’m a little surprised when her door doesn’t immediately shoot open. And that surprise turns to confusion when I smell something burning coming from her apartment.
Cursing to myself, I go over to Sadie’s door, and press my ear against it, listening for any sounds. I hear the television, but that’s it. I’m sure she’s okay. She’s probably just watching television. I shouldn’t worry. I really shouldn’t. 
But of course, I’m worried. So before I can stop myself, I ring her doorbell.
No answer.
My stomach clenches up. I know she’s probably okay, but... I’ve never smelled anything burning coming from her apartment before, and it’s just strange. I ring the bell again, but there’s still no answer. And now I’m seriously getting terrified. 
I start banging on the door as hard as I can, although I suspect it’s a lost cause. I feel tears springing to my eyes. As much as I found Sadie annoying at times, the thought of something having happened to her is terrifying. I can’t discover her dead in her apartment. I just can’t.
I’m outright sobbing when I hear a loud bang come from the inside of the apartment. I jump backwards, and a second later, the door is yanked open. I expect to see Sadie, but instead I see a scrawny half naked man, also in his eighties. Luckily, his top half is the naked half.
“Oh,” I stammer. “I... I’m so sorry. I... I was looking for Sadie.”
The man smiles at me with teeth that I’m pretty sure are dentures. He shouts out, “Sadie!”
I quickly wipe my eyes self-consciously as I stand awkwardly at the door. A minute later, Sadie appears in her housecoat, her white hair mussed. She smiles brightly at me. “Hello, Ellie! I see you’ve met Melvin, my suitor.”
Oh Lord. I start to laugh through my tears.
“Ellie...” Sadie squints at me. “Are you all right?  Have you been crying?”
“Sort of, “ I admit. “I just... I smelled something burning in the apartment and you didn’t answer, so I thought... I thought...”
“Oh, dear!” Sadie gasps. “I’m so sorry you were worried. I was trying to bake some hamantaschen for Melvin, but unfortunately, it didn’t come out as well as the batch we made for your Luke.” 
Ol’ Melvin throws his arm around Sadie’s shoulders and gives her a kiss on her white pouf of hair. “I love you anyway, Sadie,” he says.
It’s so cute, I could just die.
Sadie insists that I come in, even though I’m horrified to have interrupted them while they were... well, I don’t want to think about that part. Sadie puts up a kettle of tea and she sits me down on her sofa while Melvin is in the bedroom putting the rest of his clothes on.
“We should double date,” Sadie says to me, as she settles down next to me on the couch. “You and Luke with me and Melvin.”
I laugh. “That’s a nice idea, but Luke and I broke up.”
Sadie looks heartbroken. “You didn’t! He was wonderful. How could you?”
“He wasn’t as wonderful as you think,” I say.
“Don’t tell me that,” Sadie says, patting her hair. “I met him and I know he’s a good boy.”
“You met him for five minutes.”
“That’s all it takes,” she insists. “I was a human resources director for thirty years, and if there’s one thing I know, it’s how to judge a good egg.”
I had no idea that Sadie had a big career when she was younger. I can’t even imagine her wearing anything besides a housecoat, much less a suit. “You didn’t tell me you were a human resources director.”
“Well, what do you think!” Sadie shoots back indignantly. “That I spent my whole life sitting around the house dusting doilies?”
“I guess not,” I say. “But you’re wrong about Luke.”
“I’m not wrong,” she says firmly. “I could just tell how crazy he was about you, and that he’d treat you right. Sometimes good people end up in bad situations. But deep down, I know he’s a good man. And you don’t want to let go of a good man. They’re hard to find.”
Somehow I can’t help but think about that story that Luke and I argued over in expos, Flannery O’Connor’s “A Good Man Is Hard to Find.” I always thought he was arguing with me to infuriate me, but it turned out that he was arguing with me because he was in love with me.
“Is there anything else wrong, Ellie?” Sadie asks me, peering at my face.
“No, nothing.” I can’t tell Sadie about my pregnancy. She definitely wouldn’t understand, especially about what I’m planning to do with it.
“Let me grab the tea,” Sadie says. She jumps up off the couch, and I can’t help but hope that I’m exactly like her when I’m that age. Burning hamantaschen, and knocking knees with a skinny old guy named Melvin. There are worse retirements.
Sadie returns with two piping hot cups. She passes one of them to me. I pick it up and blow on it, letting the heat sooth my nerves. I need this. I’m about to take a sip when Sadie adds, “I slipped in a little bourbon. I can tell you could use it.”
I’ve barely gotten a drop in my mouth, when I spit it out rather dramatically. Why would she do that?  Why would she put alcohol in my drink?  I can’t have any alcohol now! Although granted, if I’m going to have a termination tomorrow, it shouldn’t matter, but... it just feels wrong. It feels wrong. 
Sadie raises her thin gray eyebrows at me. “Now that,” she says, “was very interesting.”
“Sadie...” I murmur, putting the cup of tea down on her coffee table.
“No explanation required,” she says. She picks up my cup of tea from the table. “I’ll go exchange this for a virgin tea because it’s clear that’s what you want.”
What I want. I have no idea what I want. But the fear I felt when I almost ingested that bourbon sticks with me. I’m actually shaking. I didn’t want to drink. I was scared of harming my unborn child—a child that a few minutes ago, I would have said that I absolutely did not want.
As Sadie clomps off to the kitchen in her slippers and housecoat, I can’t help but wonder how a little old lady like that got to be so smart.
 

Chapter Twenty-Four

My procedure is scheduled for the afternoon on Saturday and the funeral is in the morning, so I can do both. It’s just going to be a busy day. But obviously I can’t leave Luke hanging with this funeral, and I’m afraid if I don’t go through with the procedure right away, I’ll chicken out. Or worse, I’ll break down and tell Luke.
The death of Thomas Thayer is apparently big news, which I realize after I actually see it on the local news. It’s big news at work too. Everyone is debating whether or not it’s a good thing that the elder Thayer died. It’s generally thought that it’s a bad thing, not out of any respect for the old man’s life, but just because Luke is known for being a thousand times worse than his father. It seems like more and more, I hear the word “monster” used to describe him.
I wonder what Luke will be like as a CEO now that his father is dead. It’s very obvious that everything he did was simply an attempt to impress his father, despite the fact that nothing really worked. Maybe he’ll be a kinder boss now.
Thomas Thayer’s funeral is a huge event. It’s held at a large funeral home out in Weston, and the room is packed with family members, friends, colleagues, and some people who I suspect are reporters. It’s an open casket, but I have zero desire to see Mr. Thayer’s dead body, so I steer clear of that. I see Luke in the front, talking to some important-looking people, looking incredibly handsome in a black suit. 
I push my way through the crowd to get to him. At first I’m worried I’m going to have to wait in line to talk to him, but then he sees me, excuses himself from the crowd, and wheels over to me.
“Ellie,” he says. “Thanks for coming.”
“Of course,” I say. “How are you doing?  Are you okay?”
He nods. “Yeah, I am. Much better, actually. Look, um, there’s something I really need to talk to you about…”
“Oh?” I ask. Could he know about the pregnancy? He has a lot of connections so it does seem possible he could have somehow discovered it…
“It’s really important,” he says. “Can you meet me after the service?”
“What is it about?”
“You’ll see,” he says, and he sounds so mysterious that it’s almost like he’s the one who’s going to tell me that he’s pregnant.
A crowd of people is waiting patiently to talk to Luke, so I wander away to find myself a seat. I reach into my purse and pull out a package of soda crackers. Maybe it’s psychological or something, but lately, I haven’t been able to get through the morning without eating something. I used to be the kind of person who never ate breakfast, but lately I feel queasy if I go till lunchtime without food. I guess breakfast really is the most important meal of the day.
Just as I’m settling into my seat, I hear a voice above my head saying, “Ellie.” I look up and it’s Sophie Thayer, Luke’s mother.
“Oh, hi,” I say awkwardly. It’s a little weird talking to the mother of the guy you recently broke up with.
Sophie slides into the seat next to mine. Even though her eyes are red-rimmed and puffy, she still looks very beautiful. She looks more beautiful at her age (fifty-five? sixty? I can’t tell) than I look at thirty-four or ever have or ever will. God, no wonder Luke is so hot. 
“I just wanted to tell you,” she says, “Luke misses you tremendously.”
“Oh,” I murmur. 
“He called me the night you broke up,” she says. “I’ve never heard him so upset in his entire life, even when he was first injured. He’s dated a lot of women in the past, but nobody I’ve ever heard him talk this way about. He loves you so much, Ellie.”
I look down at my crackers, unsure what to say.
“I know you’ve heard what people say about him,” she goes on. “But I can tell you, I know Luke better than anyone else in the world and he is a sweet boy. He did some things he regretted in order to impress his father, but deep down, I promise you, he’s a good person. He always was.”
I nod. I’m beginning to realize that this might be the truth, but I’m not sure it matters.
Sophie looks down at the crackers in my hand. “Soda crackers,” she notes. “I haven’t had those since I was pregnant with Luke.”
I stare at her in alarm, but she doesn’t say anything else. But she also doesn’t move. I would have assumed she’d want to sit up from with her close family members, but it seems like she wants to just stay next to me. Somehow when I look at Sophie, I can’t help but wonder what she’d be like as a grandmother.
The service starts with a lengthy eulogy of Thomas Thayer. The clergyman catalogues Mr. Thayer’s life, talks about how he built up Thayer Industries, the charity work he did, and of course, his love for his wife and only son, Luke.
Sophie, sitting next to me, is crying quietly, dabbing her eyes with a handkerchief. I’ve never even owned a handkerchief… I usually go for the Kleenex. I can only see the side of Luke’s face, but he seems much more stoic than the other night. He’s not crying. He’s just sitting there, staring straight ahead.
After the eulogy, it’s Luke’s turn to speak. He wheels to the front of the room, but of course, he can’t go behind the podium since it’s too high. They’re fumbling behind the podium for a minute and I hear one woman near me say, “Poor boy. What’s he going to do without his father to take care of him?” If only she knew.
They finally manage to detach the microphone and Luke takes it in his hand to address the large room. “Hello,” he says. “My name is Lucas Thayer and Thomas Thayer was my father.”
I look at Sophie and for the first time, a smile touches her lips. I’ve noticed she practically glows whenever Luke is around. Whatever Luke’s father thought of him, it’s obvious his mother thinks the world of him, wheelchair or not.
Luke clears his throat. “As some of you know, my father and I weren’t on the best terms. However, after his heart attack, I took over as CEO of Thayer Industries and the company has grown considerably in the last few years. Although I’ve enjoyed running the company under my father’s guidance, now that he’s passed, I’ve made an arrangement as of yesterday for the sale of Thayer Industries.”
A collective gasp rises up from the audience. Sophie obviously has no idea about any of this and her face goes white as a sheet. She’s not glowing anymore. She’s just shaking her head in disbelief, looking really upset. 
Luke waits for a second for the buzz of the crowd to settle down, then says, “That’s all. Thanks.”
You can tell that the “mourners” can’t wait to surround Luke and that he’s effectively ruined his father’s funeral. I can’t help but wonder if that was purposeful or if he simply didn’t care. It’s obvious that Luke’s sale of the family company is a bit of a “screw you” to his father, who probably deserved it. After all, what kind of man refuses to forgive his only son for being disabled?
“How could he do this?” Sophie hisses, looking at me. I shrug helplessly. “Tom wouldn’t have wanted this. Why would he do this?”
I don’t know what to say. I suspect this is a matter to be discussed between mother and son. 
“I know he hated running the company,” Sophie says. “But he was so good at it…”
When it’s Sophie’s turn to speak, she stumbles on her way to the podium. Although she looks beautiful, she is visibly shaken. She pulls a crumpled piece of paper from her pocket. “Thomas Thayer was the love of my life,” she starts out. “He was the sort of man who… who….” She bites her lip for a minute, then looks up from the paper. “Luke, my God, how could you sell the company?”
A hum rises among the mourners. Luke, positioned in his wheelchair by the first row of seats, is quiet for a second, then realizes that his mother is actually looking for a response from him. “Mom,” he says in a low murmur. “Can we discuss this later?”
“You were the one who chose to discuss it now,” Sophie says. She folds her arms across her chest, looking very much the cross mother. “What on earth were you thinking? Are you doing this because you hated him?”
Luke is good at fielding public attacks, but not so much from his mother. I can see him struggling to maintain his composure. “I didn’t hate him,” he says. “It’s a purely business decision.”
Yep, Luke’s still as good a liar as he always was.
Sophie looks at her son for a long minute, maybe thinking she can stare him down. Good luck with that. Finally, she gives up, her shoulders sagging in defeat. She goes back and reads the words on her paper, about how Thomas Thayer was a great man, about all the achievements in his life, mostly business-related. And as she reads, I can’t help but wonder if she liked him either.
As the services come to a close, Luke is surrounded by people with questions, including his own mother. I find myself glancing down at my watch then eying the door. I know I said I’d wait for him and I’m as curious as anyone, but my appointment is scheduled for 2PM. I’ve got some time, but not much. I can’t sit around indefinitely.
Just as I’m about to make a break for it, Luke’s brown eyes catch mine across the crowd and he pushes his way through, something that’s not that easy in his wheelchair. He wheels over to me and gives me a somber look. “Can I talk to you, Ellie?  Privately?”
I nod and follow him out of the room. Luke’s apparently planned ahead, because he quickly leads me to a small room in the back and shuts the door behind us. It looks like an empty office. I settle gingerly into an unfinished wooden chair.
“So?” he says.
“So,” I say.
He sighs. “Ellie, I did it for you.”
“For… for me?”
“Well, not entirely,” he amends. “But… I hated myself while I was running that company, and I know you hated me. I wanted to start over and I knew I couldn’t do that while I was CEO of Thayer Industries.”
“Oh,” I say. I feel a twinge in my stomach. I know that couldn’t be the baby moving. It’s way too early.
“I want to try to be a better person,” he says. “I want to start a new company, something small. Actually, I was hoping you might want to be a part of it.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, you are the second-smartest person I know,” he says with a crooked grin. “I could use someone like you as my vice president.”
“What about my current job?”
Luke lowers his eyes. “Ellie, I told you the situation with your company. It’s not economically feasible. I believe that the plans are to shut it down.”
I can tell he isn’t lying. I’m going to be laid off, through no fault of my own. This job opportunity might be the best one I’ll get in the area. And I know that under Luke’s guidance, the company will be successful. 
“I don’t know…”
“It’s okay,” he says. “I didn’t expect a decision now. To be honest, I was going to take some time off, maybe do some traveling. Maybe go back to Greece for a while. Try to forget this whole mess. And hopefully, give people time to forget me.”
I see the pain on his face and despite my resolution to be strong, I feel my heart go out to him. “Luke,” I say. “Look, you’re not a bad guy. You’re really not. I don’t claim to know what’s it’s like to run a huge corporation. It seems like… you did what you had to do.” I reach out and take his hand and give him a squeeze. “You’re a much better person than your father.”
He frowns. “You really think so?”
“Definitely,” I say, “and I know you’ll be a better father than he was.”
Why oh why did I say that? It’s playing with fire. And as soon as I say the words, I see Luke’s face darken. “I doubt that,” he says.
“Um, why?”
He snorts. “Well, for starters, I can’t have children.” He glances up at me. “Sorry, I probably should have told you. I would have… if we ever got to the point where we were considering… you know, that kind of commitment.”
I stare at Luke. It’s obvious he believes what he’s saying. He really thinks he’s sterile. “Um, are you sure you can’t have kids?”
“Yeah, pretty sure,” he says. He sighs sadly. “You know I can’t ejaculate. I went to a doctor once to see if they could stimulate some sperm production but nothing worked. They said maybe they could try surgery or something, but… I don’t know. I’m not optimistic.” He sighs again. “It sucks because… I really wanted to have kids. It’s something I had looked forward to my whole life, believe it or not.”
Oh God. This is horrible. I can’t let him think he’s sterile when he’s obviously not. I have to tell him about this pregnancy. It’s the right thing to do. But if I tell him, it will change everything.
“Luke,” I say carefully. “Um, there’s something I should tell you.”
He studies my face. “You’re seeing someone else,” he says knowingly.
“No, Luke, I…” I take a deep breath. “I’m pregnant.”
He gets this hurt look on his face. “With who?”
“With you, you idiot!”
“No,” he says, looking very perplexed. “I just told you, I can’t…”
“Obviously, you can,” I say. “There hasn’t been anyone else, believe me.”
Luke gets this shell-shocked look on his face. But he doesn’t look unhappy. “Are you serious about this?”
“It’s not really a funny joke, is it?”
He lifts his eyes and asks timidly, “So, um, what are your plans?”
I glance down at my watch. I’ve still got an hour. “Actually, this afternoon, I was going to have a… a…”
Luke stares at me, alarmed. “Ellie, you can’t!”
I frown. “I think that it’s my decision…”
“Ellie, listen to me.” He reaches out to take my hand and I can see he’s shaking. “I didn’t want to pressure you. I wanted to prove myself to you, that I’m a good guy, but there’s obviously no time for that. Ellie, I love you. I adore you. You’re the most wonderful woman I’ve ever met. I want to spend my life with you. And… I really want this baby. I want to have a baby with you. You have no idea how much.”
I look into his eyes. There’s something very earnest there. For the first time since I’ve known him, I am 100 percent sure that Luke Thayer isn’t lying to me. He loves me and he’s trying very hard to change. Actually, I’m sort of impressed. After all, how many men out there would sell a multi-million-dollar company just for me?
“Just give me another chance, Ellie,” he says. “Please. I’ll make you so happy. You and the baby. You will never regret this decision. I swear it.”
The crazy thing is, I’m sort of starting to believe him.
“If I agree to this,” I say thoughtfully, “it doesn’t mean I’m going to marry you.” At least, not now.
“We’ll take things really slow,” he promises. “We’ll go out on a date, to a nice restaurant. I’ll bring you back home before 10PM. I won’t even try to kiss you.”
“Well,” I say. “I don’t want to be too strict.”
Luke smiles slowly. “Maybe one kiss, then?”
I look down at my watch. I’ll never make my appointment. “Maybe one kiss,” I agree.
“Two?” he asks hopefully.
“Don’t push your luck, buster,” I say, but I’m smiling too. 
My hand is still in his and I feel him give me a very weak squeeze. He’s looking into my eyes and I can see how much he loves me. For the first time since I walked out on him, I can see myself spending the rest of my life with this man. A good man really is hard to find, but I think that against all odds, I’ve found him.

THE END
 
The Boy Next Door
By Annabelle Costa

I wasn’t too happy when my parents told me that I had to try to make friends with the crippled kid who just moved in next door.
I was eight years old. For my entire life thus far, living in a suburb of Pittsburgh, our next-door neighbor was an ornery old woman named Agnes. Why are all old people named Agnes, for some reason? Not that I’m prejudiced against old people or anything. My grandmother, Nana, lived with us and was never an ornery old woman, and probably still the best cook I’ve ever known. Anyway, Agnes failed to wake up one morning, and the house got sold off to a young family with two kids.
I was initially really psyched to find out that the family had two kids, one of whom was allegedly my age. I pictured a girl with blond pigtails who would be my best friend, and we’d make each other friendship bracelets, have sleepovers, and all that fun stuff. 
But then my fantasy was crushed when I found out that my new eight-year-old neighbor was a boy. And not just a boy. A boy in a wheelchair.
His name was Jason and I saw him a few times from afar. He went to a different school than I did, and there was a special school bus that picked him up. I saw him waiting with his parents at the curb for the special bus, which was about half the length of the bus that picked me up. My parents told me it was a bus for disabled kids. When it arrived, a ramp would be lowered mechanically and Jason would wheel into it, and the driver would help him get arranged in the bus. My mother yelled at me not to stare, but how could I not stare?
When the Foxes had been living next door for a few weeks, we came over for a visit and to bring them a welcome basket. 
My little sister Lydia and I were dressed up in uncomfortable pink clothes, and I was firmly instructed to play with Jason. Lydia, who was only four, was totally off the hook since the older Fox child was a 13-year-old boy.
“I don’t want to play with Jason,” I whined, as my mother did up the buttons on my dress. “He’s weird.”
“Oh, stop it,” my mother said. “He’s not weird.”
“He’s in a wheelchair,” I pointed out.
“Don’t you dare mention that,” my mother snapped.
“Why not?” spoke up my Nana, who was listening in. “I’m sure the boy knows he’s in a wheelchair. It’s not a secret, is it?”
Despite everything, I giggled. I wished my mother would let Nana come along, but they were too worried about her making a comment like that. Apparently, she lost her self-censor somewhat as she got older, although Daddy said she’d always kind of been like that.
Fifteen minutes later, my mother was shoving Lydia and me in the direction of the house next door. We rang the bell and Mrs. Fox answered, greeting us warmly. “Jill!” she cried. “I’m so glad you could make it.”
“This is for you,” my mother said, handing over the basket of fruit and muffins. “You met my husband, Gerald. And these are my daughters, Lydia and Tasha.”
“Nice to meet you, girls,” Mrs. Fox said. “My older son Randy isn’t here now, but Jason is very excited to meet you.”
My eyes met those of the boy sitting in a small, simple wheelchair several yards behind his mother. I could tell by his khaki slacks and lame sweater-vest that he too had been forced to dress up for the occasion. He looked just as miserable as I did.
“He’s eight, isn’t he?” Mom asked. “Tasha is eight as well.”
“Yes, that’s wonderful,” Mrs. Fox said. “They could play together.” She lowered her voice to a stage whisper that people a mile away could hear loud and clear: “Jason hasn’t been having an easy time making new friends.”
Yeah. What a shock.
With that sentiment, Jason and I were herded off in the direction of his bedroom, presumably for me to be his new best friend. We both went, sort of like lambs being led to the slaughter. 
Once we were alone in Jason’s room, we both just sat there awkwardly, not saying anything to each other. We were too young to even know how to make polite conversation.
I tried not to stare at Jason, but it was hard not to. I mean, really hard. Why did he need a wheelchair anyway? Maybe he had some awful disease where he was dying. Maybe it was contagious! Maybe he had some contagious fatal disease and my mother had locked me alone in a room with him. She’d be so sorry when I died.
Although to be honest, Jason didn’t really look like he was dying. He looked pretty much like a normal kid, but he was sitting in a wheelchair. He had short brown hair that it looked like his mother had attempted to comb, yet he’d managed to get it messy again before our arrival. He had green eyes that were bright, even in spite of how clearly miserable he was at the moment. And then there were the freckles that were sprinkled down either side of his nose, although those disappeared years later.
I was perched gingerly on Jason’s bed. He had Star Wars blankets. Actually, I had to admit, he had some pretty cool toys. 
My mother always bought me dolls, but the thing is, dolls didn’t do much. Maybe these days, dolls cry and piss their diapers or whatever, but back then, in the eighties, dolls were much less interesting. But Jason had toys that did cool stuff. He had toy cars and trucks, he had a rocket, and a huge box of Legos. But what really piqued my interest was that he had what looked like a huge box of TRANSFORMERS.
Confession time: I loved Transformers. I watched the TV show religiously every Saturday, rooting for the Autobots to defeat the evil Decepticons. But nobody would buy me any Transformers because I was a girl and obviously it’s not an appropriate toy for girls. So I had about half a dozen My Little Ponies and at least a dozen Barbie dolls, but no cars that turned into robots. It was a source of frustration for me. Every time I asked my mother, she’d say, “What do you want one of those awful toys for? You’re a girl!”
But Jason, he owned the mother lode.
“Um,” I said, working up my nerve. “Are those, um, Transformers?”
Jason brightened. “Yeah. You like Transformers?”
I nodded shyly.
To my delight, Jason grabbed the whole big box and dumped them out on his bed. He seriously had every Transformer in existence. He had Optimus Prime, of course, most of the Autobots, Megatron, the Decepticons including the cassette spies, plus a bunch of the newer ones like the Dinobots, the Insecticons, and even Devastator. I was majorly impressed. If I were a little older, I would have creamed myself or something.
“Oh my God,” I breathed. “You’re the luckiest person alive.”
Jason grinned. “Wanna play with them?”
I nodded eagerly.
I would say that Jason’s knowledge of the Transformers was possibly better than mine, and he even clued me in to the exciting news that that summer Transformers: The Movie would be coming out, and would take place in the year 2005, which seemed almost ridiculously futuristic back then. Two hours later, when my parents were ready to go home, they had to literally drag me out of Jason’s room, only quieting my whining when they promised to let me come back the next day.
Strangely enough, I got my wish: I became best friends with my next-door neighbor. A boy, of all things. I played at Jason’s house practically every day after school that year, and when the summer came, we went to see the Transformers movie together and were collectively blown away. (I saw it again years later and thought it was the most god-awful stupid thing I’d ever seen in my life.) Jason, whose father was a surgeon and spoiled him a little because of his disability, always had the newest and best toys. He even got a small television for his room with a VCR! Jason and I would beg his mom to take us to the video store and rent movies to watch in his room.
We even had sleepovers. I know what you’re thinking: a little boy and a girl having a sleepover is weird. But actually, nobody seemed that concerned. After all, we were only eight years old and even though we had the anatomy, we had no idea what to do with it. Plus, I get the feeling that the fact that Jason was in wheelchair kind of desexualized him in the minds of our parents. A crippled boy couldn’t possibly be lusting after any little girls. The only person who ever questioned it was Nana.
“You’re really going to let Tasha spend a night alone with a boy?” Nana asked my mother in amazement.
“It’s okay,” Mom said. “It’s just Jason. The boy in the wheelchair.”
“You know, his wiener might not work, but I bet his tongue still does.”
“Nana!” Mom cried, glancing at me nervously. “Will you stop it? They’re only eight years old!”
Fortunately, I was allowed to go, despite Nana’s warnings. Jason’s mother helped him change into pajamas in the bathroom, which is how I figured out that he couldn’t dress himself, at least back then. He was able to transfer himself into bed, but his mother looked on nervously. It was pretty clear we weren’t going to be sneaking to the kitchen to raid the refrigerator at any point that night.
I watched as Jason arranged his legs on the bed as I snuggled into my sleeping bag. I lay staring at the ceiling for a few minutes before I decided I couldn’t take it another minute. “Why can’t you walk?” I asked, finally verbalizing the question that was in my head for months.
“I was in a car accident when I was five,” he told me. “I can’t move or feel my legs.”
“Oh my gosh!” I exclaimed. “You can’t feel them at all?”
Jason shook his head. “It’s not a big deal. I’m used to it.”
I looked at Jason’s feet, knocking together slightly from their position at the end of the bed. On a whim, I reached out and grabbed his ankle. “So you can’t feel me touching you?”
“No,” he said.
My hand traveled up his leg to his knee. “How about here?”
“No,” he said again. He held his hand up to his mid-chest. “Nothing below here.”
My eyes widened and I said the first thing that popped into my eight-year-old head: “So how do you know when you need to go to the bathroom?”
Jason’s face turned bright red. “I . . .” he stammered. “I just . . .” His voice trailed off, never answering my question. Actually, I think I really didn’t want to know the answer to my own question. And I was kind of relieved when he covered his legs back up with his Star Wars blanket.
***
Jason managed to make some friends of his own over the next several years, more gender-appropriate ones, but we remained best friends. After all, he still had the best toys. And he was located very conveniently next door.
When I was eleven and in middle school, I grew breasts. It happened pretty quickly, practically overnight it felt like. One day I had these tiny little mosquito bites on my chest and the next, bam: breasts. I’m not going to lie: I was attractive to guys. I had blond hair and a cute face and now, breasts, all of which contributed to a significant popularity with boys. “This one’s going to be trouble,” Nana used to say practically every day. On my second week of middle school, I was asked out by an older boy at school, a really cute guy named Steve who was universally thought of as being “cool.” I accepted, of course.
I told Jason about my impending date with Steve. My relationship with Jason was 100% nonsexual. To be honest, I wasn’t even sure if he could have sex, what with being paralyzed and all, and I sure as hell wasn’t going to ask him. I had at least a little bit of tact by now. In any case, he had never shown the slightest bit of interest in me in that way. I hadn’t entirely eliminated the possibility that he was gay, but I was pretty sure he wasn’t, because any time I brought up how sexy Tom Cruise was, he made a face and barfing noises.
Jason was the only person in whom I felt comfortable confiding how nervous I was about the date. “He’s so mature,” I said, while we were talking within the confines of his bedroom. “What if we go out and he thinks I’m just a baby?”
“I’m sure that won’t happen, Tasha,” Jason assured me.
“I’ve never even kissed a boy,” I confessed, even though Jason undoubtedly knew it must be true. “What if I suck at it?”
He laughed. “You won’t suck at it.”
“How do you know?”
“Why would you?”
I wiped my palms on my jeans. They were perpetually sweaty lately. I had never been so nervous about anything in my life. Math tests suddenly seemed entirely insignificant.
“Maybe I should practice?” I suggested.
Jason frowned. “Like on your pillow?”
“No, like, for real,” I said. “We could practice together.”
Jason’s eyes widened and I wondered again if maybe he was gay. “I don’t think . . .”
“Come on, it would really help me,” I begged him.
I hadn’t really thought this out, but Jason and I were best friends, so it seemed like an obvious thing for best friends to help each other out with. Way better experience than kissing a pillow or my hand. Anyway, it wouldn’t be that bad having to kiss Jason. He wasn’t gross or anything, like some guys. Not as cute as Steve, obviously, but not bad looking.
“Well, um . . .” Jason scratched his head, making his hair stand up a bit. “I guess if it would really help you . . .”
“Awesome!” I clasped my hands together excitedly.
I couldn’t help but notice that Jason’s cheeks were a little pink. “So, um, what do you want me to do?”
“Well . . .” I thought about it a minute. “I guess just you sit there and I’ll sit on your bed and we’ll just . . . do it.”
I put my hands on Jason’s shoulders. His green eyes were still wide and I was pretty sure you were supposed to close your eyes to kiss, but then again, I was the one with the date coming up and needed to practice, not him. I leaned in toward him and pressed my lips against his. He barely moved, so I had to do most of the work. His lips were soft and I slipped my tongue inside his mouth. We kissed for, I don’t know, thirty seconds or so.
“How was that?” I asked him when I pulled away.
“Um,” he said. “That was . . . fine.”
“Just fine?” I asked, disappointed.
Jason shrugged, but when he pulled at his collar, I noticed his hands were shaking.
“Can we try again?”
Jason and I spent the better part of thirty minutes kissing. I think I got better at it, and moreover, it seemed like he got better at it too. He didn’t just sit there motionless, he actually moved his tongue in my mouth and put his hands on my shoulders and back. I actually think he was doing a pretty good job towards the end.
Unfortunately, when we were mid lip lock, his mother did her usual knock-and-immediately-enter routine. I could see her mouth fall open when she saw us and Jason’s face turned red like a beet. “Mom,” he gasped. “Tasha has a date coming up and we were just practicing, so . . .”
Even though it was entirely innocent, needless to say, we weren’t allowed to have any more sleepovers after that.
In high school, Jason and my paths diverged even further, though we were finally at the same school. I really embraced the whole grunge look, dating guys with long messy hair and ripped jeans. I actually cried when Kurt Cobain died and I tried my damnedest to look as much like Courtney Love as I could manage. I wore ripped fishnet stockings and way, way too much eye makeup. I mean, at the time, it seemed like the right amount of eye makeup, but in retrospect I’m majorly embarrassed.
Jason, on the other hand, descended into geekdom. He had a computer before anyone else I knew and he spent an unhealthy amount of time on that thing. His friends were the biggest pimple-faced losers in the school. He committed further social suicide by joining math team and then even something called the Computer Club. If he was anyone else, I wouldn’t have been caught dead with him. As it was, we barely talked while we were at school.
When we were about fifteen years old, I came by Jason’s room to hang out and he was wearing glasses. I gasped in horror. “Take those off!” I cried. “Come on, you look like a total nerd! You don’t really need those, do you?”
Jason raised his eyebrows at me. “Um, yeah, I do.”
“That’s because you spend too much time on the computer,” I said.
“You’re probably right,” he said, and pulled off the lenses. He didn’t look that bad with them, I guess, but it was really hard to keep Jason from turning into a complete nerd. He just didn’t seem to get it. Or care. But that didn’t stop me from making an effort.
“That’s better,” I said. “After all, how are you going to get a girlfriend wearing those?”
Jason just laughed. As far as I knew, he’d never had a date. I was pretty sure he was straight because I once found some issues of Playboy stuffed into his pillowcase, but he seemed totally unconcerned with his dateless status. I guess he figured that being a geek in a wheelchair wasn’t likely to land him a date.
I sat cross-legged on Jason’s bed and rolled a joint. He went through his drawer and pulled out a lighter and tossed it to me. I took a deep drag and handed the joint to Jason, who took an impressive drag of his own. He blinked and I could almost see his eyes turning bloodshot. “Ah, Tasha,” he muttered. “You get the best weed.”
“As if any of your loser friends could score you weed,” I retorted, slugging him gently in the shoulder.
“You’re right, Tash,” he said. “What would I do without you?”
I have to admit, there were few people I had as much fun getting high with as Jason. He was one of the few people I felt I could really be myself around, maybe the only person. Plus, his parents didn’t get home from work till totally late and gave us more than enough time to clear out the smell of the pot.
Despite being a picture of teen angst, I still wanted to go to our senior prom. The hottest guy in our class asked me to be his date (under the assumption that he’d get a little post-prom action . . . I was not exactly chaste). I even picked out a black dress at the local department store that flattered my figure and made my (now quite large) breasts look amazing.
I didn’t even have to ask Jason if he intended to go to prom. I was 99.9% sure he hadn’t asked a girl out during all of high school, so I doubted he had managed to get himself a prom date. I guessed he was going to spend prom night on the computer, chatting online with his other nerdy buddies. It bothered me to think about that. Jason was cute and he was a great guy—he deserved to get a date. So what if he was a bit of a geek and he was disabled? Those were qualities that could be overlooked, at least for one night.
“Forget it, Tasha,” Jason said to me when I brought it up to him. “The only way I’m going to have a date for prom is if I go with my mom.”
“Oh, stop it,” I said. “There are tons of girls who would go out with you.”
Jason snorted. “No,” he said, “there aren’t.”
“You’re selling yourself short.”
“I’m realistic. I mean, look at me.”
I gave Jason a quick once over, trying to see him from the eyes of a girl who hadn’t been best friends with him for the past ten years. He had good qualities, speaking objectively. His short hair was always adorably mussed and he had really vivid green eyes, even though he unfortunately hid them behind glasses all the time these days. From the neck up, he was cute, even very cute. He had this sort of half-smile he gave that was very endearing. And from the times I’d seen him in a T-shirt, I could testify that he had some impressive muscles in his arms. Unfortunately, if the T-shirt didn’t fit quite right, I could also see the paunch in his abdomen from muscles that obviously didn’t exist anymore.
And when he shifted in his chair, which he did a lot, it was kind of weird the way his legs didn’t move on their own. It was a little strange, if you’re not used to it. I was used to it. But other girls weren’t. And it was probably true that the presence of the chair itself made people uncomfortable.
“What about that girl Sofia?” I suggested. “From the math team?”
“You mean the one who speaks like five words of English?”
“Um, I guess. . . .”
“She’s got a date.”
“Oh.” I bit my lip, thinking through the less-desirable members of our class. “What about that girl Chelsea?”
“The one who’s autistic?”
“She’s not autistic,” I protested. “Just . . . keeps to herself.”
“Please, Tasha,” he said. “This is getting insulting.” He looked at my face and flashed me that half-smile. “It’s okay, really. Prom’s not a big deal to me. I don’t even want to go, to be honest.”
“Well, is there any girl that you like?” I asked him. “I mean, you’re not gay, right?”
“Christ, Tasha,” Jason said, shaking his head.
“Are you?”
“No!”
“Then there must be someone you like,” I deduced. I caught Jason’s hesitation. “There is! I knew it!”
He bit his lip. “Yeah, well, it doesn’t really matter.”
“Come on,” I said. “You really think a girl would turn you down just because you’re in a wheelchair?”
“It doesn’t matter why,” he said. “I just know for a fact that she would.”
He seemed so sure of himself that I didn’t even argue with him. “Well, if that’s the case,” I said, “she’s not worth it.”
“That,” he said, “is definitely debatable.”
Prom was basically my life for the next couple of months. I always thought I was the kind of girl who was too cool to be excited about the prom, but there it was. On the night of the dance, Nana volunteered to help me get into my dress. She had gotten older, but still had as much energy as ever. “I’d tell you not to have sex tonight,” she said, “but I know it’s a lost cause.”
I didn’t say anything, just smiled at my reflection in the full length mirror. I looked hot.
“So who’s the lucky guy?” Nana asked me. “You going with that Fox boy from next door? The crippled one? You certainly spend enough time with him.”
“Jason?” I turned to look at Nana in surprise. Usually she was pretty perceptive about stuff. “You know he and I are just friends.”
“Sure,” Nana said.
“We are!” I insisted.
“Uh huh,” Nana said. “And I’d bet your inheritance that the boy thinks about you and only you when he pleasures himself.”
“Nana!” I blushed under my makeup. “He does not! We don’t feel that way about each other. We’ve known each other too long.”
Nana shrugged. “Believe what you want, Natasha.”
I felt a moment of hesitation. But really, I was pretty sure Jason wasn’t in love with me. I would have known if he felt that way about me. I’d have sensed it. Anyway, even if he did, there was nothing I could do about it now.
I had a great time at prom. My date made me the envy of pretty much every girl in the room, then afterwards I gave him what I promised in the men’s room. He even drove me home, and told me he’d call me, even though I wasn’t dumb enough to think he would.
I didn’t go straight home, though. I had an hour left on my prom night curfew, so instead I went next door and knocked on Jason’s first-floor window. I peered inside and saw he was in bed. With the lights out. He sat up in bed as I shimmied the window open. “Are you burglarizing me?” he asked.
“Why?” I retorted. “You got anything worth stealing?”
“Well, you’ve had your eye on my Nintendo for years. . . .”
I laughed. Jason rubbed his eyes and smiled at me. He looked adorably sleepy. I remembered what Nana said about him earlier in the night and decided she had to be mistaken. “I take it you had a good time?”
I nodded eagerly. “I wish you had been there.”
“Isn’t it better this way?” he asked, smiling. “This way you get to tell me about it.”
I laughed again because he was absolutely right. I wanted nothing more than to recount every minute of my fantastic evening to my best friend. He listened dutifully as I sat perched at the edge of his bed, giving him an animated account of the night until the time was up on my curfew and I snuck back out the window and went home.
Jason, the smart bastard, got into Yale for college, while I ended up at the city college, living at home. The first two years of college, we emailed each other nearly constantly. Although Jason wasn’t introverted or anything, he had a lot of trouble making friends due to his disability. He did make friends, but they were the same type of loser-guy computer geeks he hung out with in high school. But the difference was that while in high school, he had accepted his status as perpetually dateless, now that he was in college, he was talking about girls more and more. I could hear him getting frustrated. My heart went out to him.
Then one day during our junior year, he emailed me that a girl named Sally in his computation theory class had accepted a dinner invitation. I imagined that Sally, a computer science major, was hideously ugly and probably had a moustache or something, yet I found myself feeling . . . well, I’m not sure if jealous is the right word, but . . . I don’t know. Every time Jason mentioned Sally in an email, I’d feel myself cringe. Even though he continued to respond quickly to all my emails, I felt like I had lost my desire to keep in touch with him. Eventually, it just seemed like so much effort to keep writing to my (former) best friend. So I stopped. No explanation, no apology. . . . I just stopped writing to him.
After college, I got the hell out of Pittsburgh and moved to New York City. I had taught myself to play the electric guitar in college and I agreed to front a band called (much to my current embarrassment) Cynthia’s Armpit. I’m mortified by the band name now, but at the time it seemed impossibly cool, as did the guys in the band, which is why I had fucked pretty much all of them within a month’s time.
I used to describe Cynthia’s Armpit as an edgier version of the band Garbage. I thought of myself as a young Shirley Manson (who was probably actually not that much older than me) and even dyed my hair red to emulate her. You can imagine that Cynthia’s Armpit was not a raging success. We got a few gigs playing bars and coffee shops, usually for no payment except free drinks, and sometimes not even that. I supported myself by waitressing.
When I think of how I used to get up there in front of huge crowds dressed in slutty, skintight outfits, my eyes caked in black makeup, shouting out lyrics because I couldn’t really sing. . . . Well, it’s not something I like to go around telling people. But at the time, I totally thought I was The Shit.
One night, a couple of years into the band’s trajectory toward failure, Cynthia’s Armpit was playing at some seedy bar in the village. It was the kind of bar where I had to take a trench coat with me to immediately drape around myself so I didn’t get raped the second I got off the stage. But within the crowd of would-be rapists watching me sing, I saw one guy who seemed incredibly out of place.
The guy was wearing a suit and tie, for one thing, rather than a wife-beater T-shirt. The suit looked expensive too. It was hard to see him due to the lighting in the bar, but he seemed really cute too, if a bit too clean cut. I could see him bobbing his head to our cacophonous music and I was pleased that a cute, well dressed guy was digging us. Or maybe just digging me. I hadn’t dated a cute, successful guy in . . . well, ever.
As soon as our set was over, I put away my guitar in its case and went over to say hello to the mysterious stranger. But before his face became clear from within the shadows of the bar, I saw the wheels on the ground below him and my heart leapt. As I got closer and saw those bright green eyes behind the rimless frames, I realized I wasn’t looking at a stranger. “Jason?” I said in amazement. “What are you doing here?”
He flashed that endearing half-grin. “Well, I came to listen to the great Tasha Moran sing, of course.”
I couldn’t help myself—I threw my arms around him in a great big bear hug, which he returned with equal eagerness. The hug lasted like five minutes, I was so happy to see him. When it was finally over, I dropped into the chair next to him. “It’s so good to see you!” I sighed. “How did you find me?”
He shrugged. “Our mothers live next door to each other. It wasn’t hard. Cynthia’s Armpit is the kind of name that bears repeating.”
I blushed. “I know. It seemed so cool at first, but now . . .”
“I like it,” Jason said. “You just need to make sure to copyright it before someone steals it.”
I slugged him in the arm. “Oh my God, shut up!”
Jason grinned at me. “It’s good to see you too, Tash. Love the red hair.”
“It’s not too red?” I asked self-consciously. Yesterday I’d been at Macy’s and some old woman was shaking her head at me disapprovingly. A few years ago, I would have thrived on a look like that, but now it was beginning to bother me.
“Hair can never be too red, can it?” Jason asked, smiling. “Anyway, you can pull it off.”
I looked him up and down, confirming that his suit was as expensive as it appeared from afar. “You look like you’re doing well.”
He pulled at his tie. “Investment banking. I know, don’t say it.”
“Say what?”
“That I’ve sold out to corporate America to make money.”
“I wasn’t going to say that.”
“Well, you’d be the first,” Jason said. “But this is all part of my plan to retire at forty and then do something really worthwhile.”
“Like what?”
“Christ, I don’t know,” he said. “Open an orphanage? Rescue lost puppies? I’m only 25; I’ve got some time to think about it.”
As Jason loosened his tie again with his left hand, I couldn’t help but notice the lack of a ring on his fourth finger. He wasn’t married. Actually, I was surprised. Despite his failure with girls in high school, I had always thought he’d meet some girl in college, fall head over heels for her, and they’d get hitched after graduation. Part of the reason I stopped writing to him was that I didn’t know if I wanted to hear about it when it happened. Not that I didn’t want Jason to be happy, because I did. But I felt like losing my best friend to another woman would be more than I could handle. It was easier to give him up voluntarily first.
“So,” Jason said, “are you done for the night? Can I buy you a drink?”
Our eyes met and for a moment, it was very clear that he hadn’t come here for the sake of friendship. My heart leaped in my chest as I contemplated my answer, but before I could say anything, our drummer Sonny plopped down next to me and threw a hand around my shoulder. Then, to make matters worse, he planted a big sloppy kiss on the corner of my mouth.
“Hey, Tasha,” Sonny said. “This guy bothering you?”
“No,” I said quickly, as Sonny started flexing his tattooed biceps. “This is my, um, old friend Jason.”
“Cool,” Sonny said. He held out his hand and Jason shook it. “I’m Sonny, Tasha’s boyfriend.”
Sonny’s statement wasn’t entirely false. We were sleeping together (and he gave me Chlamydia, thank you very much) and occasionally we had dinner or hit a party or club together. So I couldn’t really deny it. Especially since Cynthia’s Armpit was going through some inner turmoil recently and I didn’t want to do anything to upset the balance further.
“Oh,” Jason said. He seemed slightly taken aback, but recovered quickly. “Well, it’s nice to meet you.”
“We’ve got to go back on in five,” Sonny said, running a hand over his shaved head. He wanted people to think he was Michael Stipe, but really, he was just hiding his thinning hair.
“Don’t let me keep you, Tasha,” Jason said quickly. He glanced down at his watch. “I’ve got an early meeting tomorrow and I actually kind of need to head out soon.”
As I looked at Jason’s familiar face, I knew I couldn’t let him out of my life again. “Let me give you my cell number,” I said. “We could, um, have lunch sometime.”
Jason smiled. “That would be great. I’ll call you this weekend.” And he programmed my number into his phone.
Jason backed away from his table and wheeled toward the door as we were setting up our instruments again. Sonny’s eyes widened when he saw Jason’s exit. “Holy shit,” he said. “I didn’t realize that guy was crippled. I thought he was hitting on you or something.”
“No,” I said quietly, feeling a twinge of regret. “We’re just old friends.”
As promised, Jason called me that weekend and we had lunch on Sunday. We caught up on old times, but nothing more. Somehow if there had been a chance for Jason and I to be more than friends, the opportunity had passed us by. But that lunch succeeded in rekindling our lost friendship, and within a few months, Jason had been promoted back to Best Friend, a status he has retained to this day.
Which made it only fitting that he should be the one throwing my 32nd birthday party.
 
Love In Touch
by Lucy May Lennox (Available Nov 2013)

"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Kassie asked as she slammed the car door shut behind her. 
Erik smiled down at her, his brilliant white grin reassuring. "Of course. You'll be fine." He jogged across the parking lot while Kassie dawdled behind, even though the rain was increasing from a mist to a steady drizzle.
"I don't know. My signing still sucks. What if they don't understand me?"
Erik put an arm around her, hugging her to his lean tall frame. "Come on, you're not here as an interpreter. This is just a casual meetup. And since when have you been shy?"
Kassie grinned despite herself, then looked up at the low-slung building before them. A sign over the door read Seattle Deafblind Center. She glanced up at Erik again.
"OK, but you'll help me if I get stuck?"
"You'll be fine," Erik repeated as he pushed the door open.
To Kassie it seemed purely by accident that she ended up in this place at this time. She had moved to Seattle after graduating from college because she wanted to get away, to start over. She had chosen a small school in Indiana near home, but her father had gotten sick in her freshman year and died in her junior year, leaving her to sleepwalk through college in a haze of grief that prevented her from making any friends, let alone boyfriends. By the time she graduated she was ready to start over in a new place where she didn't know anyone. She found a job easily enough as an administrative assistant (well, secretary really) to the head of finance at the corporate office of a big name department store. The pay was alright, even if the job itself felt pointless and boring. The atmosphere in the office was decidedly stodgy despite the store's inept attempts to be edgy and hip.
It was because of her housemate, Erik, that Kassie started taking American Sign Language classes at Seattle Community College. Erik was a CODA, a hearing Child Of Deaf Adults, and worked as an ASL interpreter. Learning ASL seemed like a good way to get involved with something more meaningful than her current job, but after over a year of classes Kassie was, if anything, even more painfully conscious of how far from fluent she was. From time to time she accompanied Erik to pizza nights and meetups at the Seattle Deaf Community Center, but while people there were nice, they always seemed a bit mystified by her presence. Inevitably someone would ask if she was training to become an interpreter.
No, I just want to learn, she'd reply, doing her best to make her signs quick and natural. Usually the other person would smile, but somewhat hesitantly, as if that wasn't really enough of an explanation.
If she signed, I'm Erik's friend, people assumed they were a couple, which seemed ridiculous to her because he was so obviously gay. But apparently it was the only way people could make sense of her presence there.
Still, she kept going with him every month or so. The meetups, just casual gatherings  to chat in ASL for a few hours in the evening, were good practice. Then one day Erik mentioned to her that he had been asked to attend a similar meetup, but for deafblind people. Impulsively, Kassie volunteered to go with him, but the thought of her inadequate signing skills was making her uncharacteristically nervous.
Kassie followed Erik into a medium-sized meeting room with round tables and plastic chairs arranged around the hard linoleum floor, like a school cafeteria. A dozen or so people stood or sat eating pizza, just like the Deaf meetups she had been to before, except everyone sat much closer together, signing in pairs. Erik greeted several people with great animation, hugging them and introducing Kassie. Most of them seemed able to see her signing well enough to understand her, even some of the people carrying white canes. Only one woman put her hands on top of Kassie's as she spelled out her name.
As Kassie started to relax and look around, she noticed a figure sitting off by himself, separated from the small knot of people. She watched for nearly half an hour, but no one approached him. She gauged him to be about her age. His eyes were closed and his brows pinched up in a frown, but even so he was strikingly handsome, with close-cut, glossy black hair contrasting with a pale complexion.
She nudged Erik, pointing toward him with her chin. "Who's that?" 
"Oh, that's Jake," Erik replied. "Don't worry about him--his intervener will be here soon."
"His what?"
"Intervener, it's like an interpreter for deafblind people. Like Mandy there," he added, waving to a woman who was signing into the hand of another woman seated beside her.
"I'm going to say hello to him," Kassie said. It seemed wrong to her that one person should be excluded from the group.
Erik looked slightly pained. "Kassie, you don't understand," he said. "Everyone else here has Usher's Syndrome. They've been Deaf all their lives--only started to lose their vision as teenagers or adults, and most of them still have some sight. They're all ASL native speakers. But Jake is profoundly deaf and totally blind from birth. I'm not sure he even knows ASL." 
Kassie stared at him, her eyes growing larger. "How can he not know ASL? He must know something, right?" she asked, a little shocked.
Erik explained, "It's hard to learn the signs if you can't see them. I think he uses a different manual alphabet that's easier for him." Seeing the look of concern on Kassie's face he added, "Don't worry about him, he's fine."
Kassie turned to look at Jake again. He didn't look fine to her. He looked bored and lonely. She knew how it felt to be on the outside, to have no one to talk to. What if he was just waiting for someone to go over to him? It didn't hurt that he was cute too. If they were at a party she would find some excuse to talk to him. "I'm going to say hello to him," she insisted.
"Try printing block letters on his palm, he might understand that," Erik suggested with a shrug.
Kassie squared her shoulders and marched across the room, daring Erik to stop her, but he had already turned his attention to someone else. 
Jake did not seem to notice her approach his chair. He sat with his back rigidly straight, but his head dipped slightly down and to the left. Up close he was even cuter, with his strong, slightly triangular jaw. The contrast between his glossy black hair, slightly grown out on top, and his pale skin was startling. His eyelashes were dark and thick too, although his eyes opened only slightly, showing a line of white.
Kassie waited for a moment, but when he still did not give any sign of noticing her she tapped him on the shoulder. Jake jumped so high she nearly retreated, overcome with guilt for having startled him, but he was already holding out his left palm toward her. Realizing it would be even more cruel to walk away, Kassie extended a trembling finger and wrote very slowly in the palm of his hand, H-E-L-L-O.
To her extreme surprise, he saluted her with the ASL sign for hello, then added, My name is Jake, in rather jerky, hesitant signs. At least that's what she assumed he meant; rather than spelling out his name, he made a name sign, tracing a sort of J against his chest with his pinkie finger.
Kassie made to introduce herself as well, with his hands resting on hers, realizing only too late that when she gestured towards herself, she brought his hand directly onto her breasts. Jake seemed to realize the same thing--he breathed in sharply and flushed from his neck to his hairline, bright pink splotches standing out against his white cheeks. Flustered, Kassie tried again, this time only moving her hand halfway. My name is K-A-S-S-I-E, she signed, fingerspelling her name then adding the name sign Erik had given her, a K at her right temple, a reference to her short, curly blond hair. 
Jake did not reply, so she made the signs again, even more slowly, but he kept tugging her hands towards him. She gently tugged back, but that only seemed to agitate him. He brushed his fingers over her palm, then made some rapid signs she couldn't follow. She stared at him helplessly. He sighed in irritation as he repeated the signs, the splotches on his cheeks turning darker red. 
This time Kassie picked out C-A-R-T-E-R, but that was all. What is carter, she wondered, feeling increasingly panicked. She glanced behind her, trying to spot Erik, but instead a small balding man with round glasses set atop a hooked nose suddenly appeared and insinuated himself between her and Jake. Before she realized what had happened, he pushed her aside and put his hands under Jake's. Immediately they began signing back and forth rapidly. 
Kassie shifted from foot to foot, unwilling to end their conversation so abruptly. If you could even call it a conversation, but still, it seemed rude to walk away. "Umm...excuse me, but who are you?" she asked the interloper.
Without pausing his signing with Jake, the man gave her a sour look. "I'm Joel Carter, Jake's intervener," he snapped.
"Oh, of course!" It seemed so obvious now. "I'm Kassie," she said, fingerspelling her name again and adding her name sign at the end, so he could repeat it into Jake's hand. "I'm a friend of Erik's. I was just, um, saying hello to Jake."
Carter passed along the message, then said, "Jake says hello." Kassie watched their interaction curiously. Carter was not using any ASL signs or fingerspelling she recognized. Jake held out his left palm flat and at an angle, while Carter tapped and brushed it in different places with his fingers, sometimes straight or bent, sometimes one or more than one finger at a time. 
"I'm sorry, Mr. Carter, but do you mind telling me what system you're using? Erik said Jake doesn't know ASL, but I guess he was wrong about that. Anyway it looks like now you're using something else. I'm just curious," she finished lamely, realizing she was starting to babble.
Carter was not pleased with her question. "He knows some basic ASL," he answered shortly, "but we're using the deafblind manual alphabet."
"Oh, I see." 
Carter stared at her but did not say anything more. After a moment Kassie realized what was happening: Carter didn't want to talk to her. He wanted her to go away, but being an ethical interpreter he was not going to say anything to her he would not also sign to Jake. 
"Well, um, ok, nice to meet you, Jake," Kassie said, and patted him on the shoulder as Carter interpreted. Again Jake jumped a bit, and Kassie fled back to Erik on the other side of the room.
For the remainder of the evening Kassie stuck close to Erik, signing briefly with a few people, but for the most part feeling like an observer. At the Deaf meetups there were always lots of people, and she rarely had a problem finding someone willing to let her practice her ASL. But here she realized it was hard to sign to more than one person at a time, and even harder to initiate small talk with a stranger. She never realized how much she relied on catching someone's eye to begin a conversation. She ended up chatting with one of the interpreters about her ASL class, although she knew her teacher would scold her for using her voice.
Back in the car , Erik asked, "So what did you talk about with Jake?"
"Nothing," she replied truthfully.
"I told you his intervener would show up," Erik said as he pulled out of the parking lot. "But he is kind of a hottie. I don't blame you for wanting to chat him up." He turned to wink at her.
"Oh my God, what are you talking about?" Kassie protested. "Not everyone is a horndog like you."
Erik just laughed. In the two years they had been living together they had grown close, even though initially they only met through Craigslist. Erik was the ideal housemate, a good cook and fastidiously clean, even if he was kind of loud and liked to play techno turned all the way up. After feeling alone for so long, Kassie was glad to have someone to joke around with. She liked going out with him to gay clubs where she could dance however she liked, and no one hit on her. Not that she was against dating--she had attempted a few relationships, but somehow the guys she met all seemed self-involved and shallow.
But even though Erik was fun, he definitely had his own life that didn't always include her, and she tried not to be too clingy. She tried to find activities that would get her out of the house more, and suddenly she found she was running around all the time.
Now she caught sight of the clock on the car radio."Oh no, is that the time? Do you mind dropping me off at my yoga class? I'll take the bus home."
 
(W)hole
By Ruth Madison

Looking out toward the Charles River, Elizabeth stopped short at the sight of an unexpected figure. At first all her eye caught was the glint of sun against metal. As was her habit, her head darted quickly to confirm that it was round metal, that it was the spokes of a wheel. Usually when this happened to Elizabeth, the wheel turned out to be attached to a bicycle. This time it wasn’t a bicycle, but the very thing Elizabeth’s mind kept a constant watch for. 
Across the water she could see a young man in a red wheelchair. He was sitting close to the edge and watching the swirling, dark water. His hands sat folded in his lap and he didn’t seem to notice the wind dancing with stray bits of his loosely tied black hair. He wore a brown coat, and jeans covered his compact legs. His feet were tucked neatly below him. 
Time may have slowed. Though she was across the river, Elizabeth felt as though she stood just in front of him and they two were the only breathing creatures in the world. There was nothing else. I want you. 
Elizabeth’s body threatened to wrench itself from her control. She could feel her skin flushing. Her gut ached and seemed to cry out. She didn’t know who he was, but she wished that she could. The longing started in her stomach and stretched up to her lungs and throat. Though she didn’t often see disabled men in the harsh New England climate, whenever she did see a wheelchair, the same reaction overtook her body. 
For a moment she allowed herself to imagine being close to this man; brushing her fingers through his black hair, touching the muscles in his arms, and watching him adjust his lifeless legs. Even from here she could tell he was a paraplegic and there was nothing temporary about the wheelchair. 
“Hey, Elizabeth! What are you looking at?” 
Elizabeth snapped out of her daze and saw her friends several yards ahead, waiting for her. “The water,” she said, “It’s so beautiful this time of year.” 
She rushed ahead and dragged them with her so they would not have the chance to see the man. Just before they turned the corner, Elizabeth snuck one last glance back. He hadn’t moved, and his eyes remained locked on the rushing water. 
The girls continued to walk through Cambridge for the rest of the afternoon. The air was mildly cold and whenever the wind picked up it felt like tiny bites on the skin. Occasional leaves from the carpet of yellow, red, and orange above their heads would suddenly be released and drift to the ground. The girls looked in shop windows and commented on what they liked and didn’t like. They planned for the days when they had money of their own. 
“Is there a Gap around here?” Becky asked. 
“There are other stores in the world, you know,” Amy said, “Look at that dress.” She was pointing to a sweeping black ball gown with a halter top and no back. 
“Where would you wear that?” Becky said. 
“When I’m rich,” Amy said, “I’m going to wear things like that every day.” 
Maureen said, “Look at that sweet little sundress next to it.” 
It was white with little rosebuds. A smudge on the glass in front of it showed its popularity with window shoppers. 
“Yeah, if you wore something like that people might think you’re innocent and nice,” Amy joked. 
Maureen elbowed her, and Amy was about to say something else when Becky ran ahead and pointed at a home decorating store. “Oh,” she cried, “I can’t wait until I have a place all my own and I can decorate every room.” 
Amy and Maureen looked at each other. “Housewife-in-training,” they said at the same time and laughed. It was their favorite way to tease Becky. 
Elizabeth was in the back, thinking about the man she had seen. If only there was some way to find out who he was. It wasn’t fair. She almost wished that she hadn’t seen him so she wouldn’t have her desire awakened with no way to release it. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the feel of the air on her face, cooling the flush on her skin. She loved the sense autumn gave that things were changing, but in predictable ways. As soon as the leaves turned colors and the temperature of the air dropped, winter was an inevitability beginning its journey to them. 
As the sun began to set, Elizabeth and her friends made their way back to the subway. The girls’ feet pounded down the grimy steps into the depths of the building. They waited for the train in the deep and dimly lit station, and watched crumpled napkins and bits of newspapers get caught on the benches. 
The train arrived rattling and whining. It ground to a halt and the doors swooshed open, air from the station rushing into the bright interior. Elizabeth sat on the seat, bouncing along with the train, while Becky and Maureen gossiped together about boys from their school, and Amy started conversations with strangers. The train sped toward Alewife station. 
Her friends no longer bothered to ask Elizabeth what she had been up to. They saw each other every day at school, and by now everyone knew exactly how boring Elizabeth’s days were. At seventeen years old she already had well-formed routines that she rarely deviated from. Her friends thought she liked it that way. They had no way of knowing that habits kept her strong and able to withhold parts of herself from even them, her closest friends. 
That night Elizabeth couldn’t sleep. She had put on her purple pajama pants and her white camisole pajama top, and she had brushed her teeth, done her physics homework, turned out the lights, and lay in bed. The night was thick and vast around her. The shade was pulled to within one inch of the ledge and she could see a sliver of darkness. 
She heard a faint scratching that she took to be her mother’s pencil. Her parents, in the next room, were not asleep either. In all the years of her life Elizabeth had never managed to catch them asleep. Even as a little child with nightmares, whenever she ran to her parents’ room, she found her mother sitting at the dresser making lists and her father reading a book in bed. They were always so calm. Her father would pat the bed and little Elizabeth would climb up to hear a part of his book. She used to love those evenings listening to Plato and Marsilio Ficino. 
What would he do if he knew the truth about his daughter? Would he look at her with disgust? Would he be unable to recognize her? In her nightmares Elizabeth often watched variations of her father’s face as he was let in on her secret. Whether he looked at her with anger, with pity, with fear, or with confusion, the end of the dream was always the same; he would turn from her and disappear. 
Elizabeth had tried many times to forget the desires that haunted the back of her mind. Now that she was finishing high school and facing the choices of the rest of her life, she was trying even harder than before. For weeks she had tried to keep her mind away from disability. She moved her secret notebook out from under her bureau and hid it in the basement. What was the point though? As soon as she saw the man at the river, all those weeks of work meant nothing. Her body responded to him whether she wanted it to or not. 
The house creaked as Elizabeth tiptoed out of her room, down the stairs, and into the living room. It was an old, solid house and every once in a while would give a little groan and settle itself. Elizabeth pulled open the door to the basement and musty air hit her. She felt dust on her bare feet as she stepped cautiously down the stairs. The concrete floor was cold and Elizabeth walked carefully so as not to step on anything sharp that could be on the floor. 
She went straight for the ironing room where they stored all the out-of-season clothing. As it was the beginning of September, the winter coats, scarves, and mittens were still there. The sweaters had already been brought up for the start of fall. 
In the back corner, behind the garment bag that stored her mother’s wedding dress, was a cardboard box that claimed to contain a computer printer. Elizabeth knelt and felt the cold of the floor on her knees, even through the material of her pajama pants.  
Slowly she pulled open the sides. On top was a stack of books that looked innocent enough. Should anyone happen to open the box it would just look like some old books of Elizabeth’s. However, the books had something in common. From Treasure Island to The Westing Game, they all had male characters with disabilities. Biting her lip, Elizabeth spread them out on the floor beside her. 
Next she unpacked the movies. Dr. Strangelove, Born on the Fourth of July, Daredevil, Scent of a Woman, and George Wallace; all movies with disabled male characters. Under those were some loose pictures and then the prize: her notebook. Elizabeth lifted it out with trembling hands. 
She had created the notebook thinking that she could move the sickness out of herself and contain it within the pages. Now she knew the foolishness of that plan. When she thought of the images in these pages her head felt hot and heavy and her stomach wrenched. It had somehow made her sickness more real instead. 
She packed the rest of the materials back into the box and opened the notebook’s cover. Inside were photographs she had taken, and pictures from magazines, or off the Internet. Wheelchairs, crutches, casts, paraplegics, amputees…The familiar tingling began between her legs. 
Pressing the notebook closed against her chest, and wrapping her arms over it, she crept quietly back up to her room. After going through the familiar pictures again, savoring each, Elizabeth slid the notebook under her bureau, where it seemed to pulse with its black secret. 
Back in her bed Elizabeth closed her eyes and let her hand creep down under the covers. In her mind she saw Long John Silver. He was fighting a storm at night, pacing the deck of the ship furiously with his one crutch pounding down with each step. His empty pant leg swung wildly in the wind. He maneuvered, turned, and wielded the crutch. 
Elizabeth’s hand was inside her pajamas now, cool fingers touching skin that was rapidly heating up. An itch within her body had begun and she used her thoughts to make it stronger. Her body now begged for pressure. 
Elizabeth gave it, pressing rhythmically. This was familiar to her. After all these years, she knew the effect that thoughts of disabled men would have on her and now she also knew how to satisfy the desire that came with those thoughts. It wasn’t until she took sex-ed in sixth grade that she figured out what that tingling sensation was. Many times in her childhood she felt it, but never dared give in to the urge to press. After that class, she let herself satisfy the itch. 
Suddenly she saw the man from the Charles River in her thoughts. His hands were touching her bare arms and her skin became covered in goose bumps. In her imagination she leaned down and pressed her lips against his. Elizabeth curled her hands around his bicep muscles and she felt her hips try to press themselves against his lean body. 
On her bed, Elizabeth’s body quaked. She pushed her fingers harder and harder. Her toes curled around the baseboard of her bed and she squeezed all the muscles in her legs. With a tiny sigh, only just barely released through her lips, a shudder went through her and she was limp. 
She breathed deeply and pushed the hair that was sticking to her forehead off her face. Then she opened her eyes and looked at the ceiling. Though her body had relaxed, her mind was still tense. How had someone else’s pain and her pleasure become so closely linked? 
Pleasure and guilt had always gone hand in hand for Elizabeth. Her first memory of these feelings was when she was four years old, but she knew they had begun long before that. Her four-year-old self recognized the desire as a familiar feeling. Just as she knew then that looking at disabled men felt good, she also knew she could never let anyone find out that she thought so. Secrecy wrapped itself around Elizabeth’s heart even in her most intimate moments. 
Inside Elizabeth was a voice that told her terrible things. There’s something wrong with you. Sometimes for days she wallowed in the sick seduction of that voice. 
Her parents thought she was just being a teenager when she closed herself in her room. Often she sat on the floor and stared at nothing, listening to an endless tirade of her faults and pinching herself to draw the pain out of her mind, to the outside of her body. 
Though she believed this desire for disability was wrong, something to be destroyed, she couldn’t seem to do it. The desire was stronger than she was. Despite her best efforts, when a character in a book went to the hospital, she became excited. Deep inside she always hoped for an injury in stories. She was the only girl she knew who liked to watch war movies, and she did because the odds of injuries were better in those movies than others. Like any addiction, it seemed to be impossible to get rid of the thing that brought the greatest pleasure to her body.
 

Thank you for reading and I hope you’ll come visit our website and leave a message for your favorite author!

http://devlovepress.com/

