Love & Decay
A Novella Series
Episode One

By Rachel Higginson

Copyright@ Rachel Higginson 2014

This publication is protected under the US Copyright Act of 1976 and all other applicable international, federal, state and local laws, and all rights are reserved, including resale rights: you are not allowed to give, copy, scan, distribute or sell this book to anyone else.

Any trademarks, service marks, product names or named features are assumed to be the property of their respective owners, and are used only for reference. There is no implied endorsement if we use one of these terms.

Any people or places are strictly fictional and not based on anything else, fictional or non-fictional.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Copy Editing by Carolyn Moon
Cover Design by Caedus Design Co.

Other Books Now Available by Rachel Higginson

Love and Decay, Season One, Episodes One-Twelve
Love and Decay, Season Two, Episodes One-Twelve
Love and Decay, Volume One (Episodes One-Six, Season One)
Love and Decay, Volume Two (Episodes Seven-Twelve, Season One)
Love and Decay, Volume Three (Episodes One-Four, Season Two)
Love and Decay, Volume Four (Episodes Five-Eight, Season Two)
Love and Decay, Volume Five (Episodes Nine-Twelve, Season Two)

Reckless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 1)
Hopeless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 2)
Fearless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 3)
Endless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 4)
The Reluctant King (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 5)
The Relentless Warrior (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6)
Breathless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6.5)
Fateful Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6.75)

Heir of Skies (The Starbright Series, Book 1)
Heir of Darkness (The Starbright Series, Book 2)
Heir of Secrets (The Starbright Series, Book 3)

The Rush (The Siren Series, Book 1)
The Fall (The Siren Series, Book 2)

Bet on Us (An NA Contemporary Romance)

Striking (The Forged in Fire Series) This is a co-authored Contemporary NA

To Zach,
This would not exist without you. 
Just like so many other things. 

Chapter One
647 days after initial infection

	Oh, god. 
The smell was the worst. The absolute worst.
It wasn't enough that I had to pick my way through dismembered and half-eaten bodies, or that at any moment one of them could spring up from the ground and make an afternoon snack out of me. 
It wasn't enough that I hadn't had a shower in over a year and a half, hadn't worn eye liner in even longer than that and my hair was somehow simultaneously disgustingly greasy while frizzing into a perpetual fluff ball. 
Oh no, that would never be enough. My ugly tan work boots were a size and a half too small, I ripped my too big Grateful Dead t-shirt off a very, very dead man, and my jeans?. or what was left of my jeans was the last of my stash from my once excessive closet. 
After all of that- and I mean, the shower alone should have been enough suffering for any living being to suffer through- it was the smell that got to me. 
Putrid, rotting flesh from both the dead that littered the ground around me and the remnants of stench that lingered in the air when the Feeders were finished was what triggered my gag reflex and watered my eyes. There weren't enough words in the English dictionary to describe my revulsion, or the way my empty stomach flipped with every breath. 
I probably would have puked if I had eaten anything in the last two days. 
The best thing about the Zombie Apocalypse? I was no longer addicted to sugar and caffeinated beverages. 
I wiped my forearm across my sweaty forehead and re-aimed my handgun in the general area in front of me. This is the point of the story where I'm supposed to tell you what kind of gun I'm carrying, but let's be real?. Before the end of the world I was a cheerleader at a small town school, where I was the debate team captain and student council secretary. I lived for throwing parties when my parents went out of town, making out with my football captain boyfriend and doing the occasional trip to the homeless shelter where I would put in my monthly two hours of good deeds. 
I'd never even held a gun-- scratch that-- I'd never even been in the same room as a gun until the world went to shit. Who knew the cure for herpes would turn all those sexual deviants into people-eating, brain-dead, infection-giving assholes? 
Not me. 
The whole phenomenon gave a girl a serious complex about safe sex. 
Not that I was having sex. Or would be any time soon. 
I hadn't even seen an eligible bachelor in a good six months and it wasn't like I had exactly been interested when we passed each other with guns raised and a suspicious glint in our eyes. Although there was a sort of mutual give and take between us that could have been considered an instant connection, possibly love at first sight. I let him loot the dead gentleman that had his head literally severed from his body by Feeders, and he let me raid the vending machine offering one bag of Funions that had been smashed into pathetic crumbs.
But then we both went our separate ways and I will never know if he got eaten, turned or found the promised land of Zombie-free showers and espresso machines.
Plus, I was still pining over poor, deceased, Quarterback-Chris.
Just kidding! Quarterback-Chris had apparently been less than faithful to me during our two year relationship and after things with the government, army and general world went to hell, Quarterback-Chris tried to eat me! 
So I did what any loving, devoted girlfriend that just found out she had been serially cheated on by her now zombie boyfriend would do. I plunged a butcher knife into his eye socket and when that didn't effectively do the job, I drove over him with my mom's Escalade until his head detached from his body. 
God, I was glad I held onto my v-card. 
	Could you imagine me as a zombie?
	Ugh, it made me shudder just thinking about it. 
	A rustling to my left had my gun up, pointed and steady at whatever was stupid enough to make noise in a regular Feeder playground. I only had three bullets left, so this kill would have to be spot on. 
	That was the thing about living in a world in which it was a very likely possibility that you could end up as someone else's meal before lunchtime, you've got to be very good at shooting. Very quickly. 
	So even though the most I knew about my gun was that it was a Beretta from the label on the handle, and the exact kind of bullets it took, .40 S&W- because those were an absolute necessity and I was always on the lookout- I knew exactly how to use it. I knew exactly how to get my bullet from my gun to the perfect dead zone right between the eyes. 
	In fact, it was kind of freaky how good I was at killing things. 
	Well, killing already dead things. 
	It was like I was born for the Apocalypse. No, I couldn't find a hot shower, figure out how to make food last longer than twenty-four hours and effectively loot a Walgreens that still had hair products available. But I could stay alive. 
	I had an innate ability to stay alive. 
	And in this day and age, ninety-two weeks after the first recovering STD victim bit his doctor and the world fell apart, staying alive was very important.
	Back to the rustling?. 
	I slowed my breathing, stopped moving completely and waited for the sound to come to me. 
	One of the first things I learned about survival was that there was absolutely no need to go hunting down trouble. In the world I lived in, trouble would find you soon enough. It was better to cover your back, stay calm and have a loaded weapon ready and waiting. 
	"Reagan, check this out!" Haley squealed in a loud whisper.
	"Holy hell, Hales!" I whisper-shouted back, "I almost shot you in the f-ing head!" 
	She made a resigned grunting noise and I heard her mumble, "Too bad, I bet they have showers in heaven."
	"We are so not convinced you're going to heaven," I whispered back while stepping over a particularly decayed body. 
	Did I say the smell was the worst? I meant maggots. 
	The maggots were definitely the worst. 
	"It wouldn't matter," she countered with that distraught, depressed tone even the best of us were known to fall into. "This might as well be hell." 
	We were still whispering, there was no other option, since Feeders were drawn by sound. And sight, and smell, and light and movement?. But since we were rummaging around a dilapidated department store somewhere in what used to be southern Missouri, we had a little bit of cover.
	The floor was covered with dirt and grime; metal racks that had been looted a long time ago were scattered and broken across the floor and we've already discussed the body count problem. We were using what was left of the evening light streaming through the broken window fronts to see and from the sounds of things we were alone, at least on the first floor.
	One of the best things about Feeders was their incapability for stealth. They were heavy mouth breathers and tended to stumble over anything in their way. It was like they had their own warning bells. 
	Well, if you stayed alert, kept yourself surrounded by noisy debris and never fell asleep, you could sense their presence. 
	"What is it?" I asked; at the exact same moment my stomach growled. 
	Haley shot me a sympathetic look and shook her head, sending her dark blonde hair bouncing around her shoulders. "Not that." 
	I sighed, but continued to follow her down a dark hallway. Track lighting hung at awkward angles, the glass long shattered, the bulbs broken since the beginning. The once white walls were smeared with streaks of what I had to assume was blood and dirt. But the stench was less overwhelming here, the air easier to breath.
	"I hit the jackpot," Haley said excitedly in almost a full-volume voice. We rarely spoke above a whisper so I was taken aback at first. I had almost forgotten what her real voice sounded like.
	"In?" 
	"Jeans!" She turned back to look at me over her shoulder, giving me a goofy smile and waggling her eyebrows. 
	Now this was a jackpot. 
	We exited the hallway straight into the Junior's section. The racks were less knocked-over in this part of the store and still stocked with clothes. Racks and racks of fall fashions from almost two years ago filled the floor.  A discount shoe rack with boxes of clearance items sat in one corner and in the middle of the department was a makeup counter.
	An f-ing makeup counter. 
	Eyeliner!!!  
	At this point, you might be wondering who I could possibly want to look good for. And that is a valid question. But it wasn't like that. 
	In the last two years, I had been forced to live as a homeless, basically-starving person, with shredded, usually-covered-in-blood clothes, no shampoo, let alone conditioner and perpetually covered in dirt. I was tired of looking ugly. 
	Tired of it! 
	I just wanted a little bit of makeup, just something to make me feel like the world hadn't completely blown apart in the prime of my life and left me a wandering vagabond. 
	I had given up on finishing my education. I had given up on feeling guilty for killing what used to be human beings. I had given up on being happy again, living in a house, having a hot shower and whatever dream I had imagined myself living out. I had even given up on finding love.
	Hell, I had given up on finding sex. 
	I just wanted to look anything but tired, weary and worn out. 
	Was that so much to ask?
	"Welcome to the promised land, my friend," Haley whispered proudly before turning to a rack of longs-sleeve tee's. 
	I had a theory about why this section of the department store was untouched and it went something like this. In the beginning of the end, families protected their young. If you were a teenager, you were home, holding down the fort. Especially if you were a girl. The whole raping and pillaging thing didn't apply to most kids that still had parents around. And if you were young and stupid enough to try to make it in a world where sane people spent their time looting, overthrowing local government and shooting at any and every potential threat, chances were your inexperience and still rose-colored-glasses-of-the-world made sure you ended up dead. 
	How Haley and I survived living on the street and dodging not only the Feeders, but the crazed militia, and all the old man creepers that thought we would make fantastic sister wives was a straight up miracle. We got lucky in the beginning by sheer location. Small town, middle-of-nowhere Iowa finally paid off. 
	Well, except for the whole Quarterback-Chris thing. 
	But it wasn't like we didn't get Feeders in Atlantic, Iowa. Of course we did. Herpes was a worldwide disease. Everybody got Feeders, even remote islands in the middle of Oceans. If there were people there, then there were people having sex. And that meant STDs. Why? Because men would always be sluts. Always.
Was I a little bitter about Quarterback-Chris? Hell, yes. 
      Did I not mention he tried to eat me? 
	My parents were killed by Feeders. Haley's dad was killed by a Feeder. I was almost killed by a Feeder. 
	They were everywhere.
	What we did have was an absence of a lot of people and an abundance of guns. Thank you, farmer Fred, for your once unnecessary stash of ex-military contraband.
	I hopped over the counter, sliding my butt across the filthy glass. My already-grimy jeans smeared a dust-coated path the size of my hips. I landed on the pads of my feet and my toes were smashed even worse in my small hiking boots, but it was a soundless landing I was kind of proud of.
	I had the reflexes of a cat, thanks to living every minute of my life expecting an attack. If the world ever got its f-ing act together and cleaned up this mess, I imagined they would make a movie of my life about the whole Zombie thing. I'd obviously be played by that hot brunette from the Vampire Diaries in which I would run around in a sexy Cat Woman suit, totally playing the super hero. 
	I opened the cabinets behind the makeup counter and slipped my backpack off my shoulder. Inside my hiking pack everything was orderly and neatly packed for maximum space and easy access. But I didn't have time for that now. I would reorganize everything later. 
	I started swiping handfuls of products into my bag, not caring about color or usefulness. This was what Haley and I called the Grab and Go- get as many supplies as we could now, as fast as we could, then leave the scene before either Feeders or protective townsfolk happened upon us. We could sort it out later. Without even having to discuss it with Haley, I knew she was picking out shirts and jeans for me and she knew I would cover her with whatever I could find. 
	After makeup, I hit up the clearance shoes, except there wasn't anything hiking, nature resilient or weather-proofed. Haley's shoes were in good condition actually, so I didn't bother debating over her. She was tiny by nature, not just because we only ate every three days and probably had scurvy since we were lacking serious vitamin C. She barely cleared 5'3, and her feet were average size enough that she could double up on socks and fit almost any pair we found.
	I had clown feet even for my 5'8 frame and most the time found myself searching the small-feeted men. There were plenty of feet to choose from, but we didn't run across the right kind of shoe very often.
	Like right now. There were a pair of tennis shoes that I could upgrade to, and they were my size. Or should I stick with the weather-proofed boots that would protect my feet from the elements? 
	The other part of the debate- tennis shoes were much lighter than these things, easier to walk across country in and much, much nicer to run in. 
	Still, I had to protect my feet. And I definitely didn't want trench foot. Not that I knew what trench foot was?. but I knew it was a big deal for everyone on Band of Brothers- my go to reference for everything survival. 
	"Get the shoes that fit," Haley said from across the room while digging through every style of jeans. 
	"You're right," I agreed. A shoe that fit had to be infinitely better than what I was wearing now. I toed off my boots and ripped off my socks. There was a whole rack of socks near the checkout counter, so I grabbed handfuls of them and stuffed them in the bag, saving a crazy-patterned neon pair for now. 
	"Sweatpants?" Haley asked from a new rack. 
	Moving quickly was essential to our survival, and we had honed this skill in order to stay alive. "Absolutely," I agreed. Jeans were practical and resilient, but there was nothing better than a pair of yoga pants when running for your life. 
	As I moved on to underwear-which might as well have been gold at this point- the light grew dimmer in this department. We were already squinting and stumbling around in the dark, and I knew we had been here too long. I had a flashlight that hadn't run out of battery yet, but I really didn't want to use it if it meant drawing the attention of wandering Feeders. 
	"Haley, we need to go," I whispered harshly. 
	I heard her zip up her pack and shoulder it, but I could barely make out her form anymore. We'd learned to act as soon as a command was given between us. There was no time to hesitate anymore, so by the time I'd slipped my heavy backpack on again, she was already moving toward the exit. 
	One of the weirdest parts of the Apocalypse was the quiet. I couldn't get used to it. Back in my old life, before the infection, there seemed to always be noise around. Cars on the highway, music from my iPod, airplanes overhead, my parents talking at me; there was always something in my ear. Now, there was nothing, no background elevator jazz to soothe us while we shopped, no other shoppers bustling around and bumping into us. The only sound to break up the silence was our careful footsteps and the heavy mouth-breathing from a Feeder in the next room.
	Oh shit!
	I grabbed the handle on Haley's backpack and tugged her backward. Her head whipped around and she opened her mouth to probably ask what the hell, but I held my finger to my lips and motioned with my head toward the way we just came from. It took her a second, but as soon as she heard the panting and wheezing in the next room she was instantly game for my plan of retracing our steps.
	There was plenty of food for the bastard in the room he was in now, but I knew he would be able to sniff out our live, fresh flesh in the next two minutes and that was like the difference between prime rib and an old, moldy hot dog. 
	Best case scenario, he was going to lick the hot dog first, and come back for it later, after he ate his prime rib. 
	Which was me. 
	I stepped carefully until we were back in the Junior's Department, always keeping my gun trained on the direction of the Feeder. Haley stood a little bit behind me, her gun aimed to the left where this area opened up to the children's section. 
	"Son of a bitch," she breathed on a strangled whisper. 
	A quick glance toward the direction of her pointed gun, showed the glowing red eyes of two different Feeders. That was the signature of the last stage of their digression into Zombie-hood: first came the cravings for flesh, then the heart stopping in a semi-death, the disgusting process in which their brain still worked, but their bodies started to decay and then the tell-tale red eyes, showing basically that all humanity was lost. By then, they were stronger, didn't feel pain and only craved brains. 
	Basically, this sucked. 
	They could smell us, but couldn't see us yet, and so they were still trying to pinpoint us before they attacked. Unfortunately, we could also smell them. What really sucked was that there were at least three of them, these two and the one munching away on all that delicious dead flesh. 
	They weren't exactly pack animals, and usually they traveled- wandered aimlessly- alone; but if they ever found themselves together it was like they shared a hive brain or something. They acted as a team, without speaking or seemingly communicating, and once their eyes were red they were a hundred times harder to take down. 
	Our backs were against the wall, literally, and I wasn't exactly sure how we were going to get out of this one. 
	I glanced over my shoulder again and noticed for the first time an exit toward the corner of the room. A discounted clothing rack had been pushed up against it, and it was barely visible in the almost completely-dark room, but a reflected Exit sign was still pasted on the top. 
	As quietly as I could, I whispered, "Behind us, Hale. An exit. Lead or Cover?" 
	Haley let my noise settle before she answered. The Feeders had already started moving toward us. Despite every Zombie movie I had ever seen, the real life versions were not exactly the dumb and easy to kill version of walking corpses. They were hunters, fast and intuitive. While humanity still had the advantage of a rationalizing, fully functioning, not-addicted-to-living-flesh advantage, they weren't exactly a helpless opponent. 
	"Cover," Haley finally whispered back.	
	And with her blessing I turned on my heel and sprinted for the door. I could feel her behind me, but out of experience, I knew she was keeping her gun trained on the Zombies that were now chasing us down to make snacks out of our innards. I gave up on being quiet and threw anything that stood in my way. 
The trip across the room took maybe five seconds, but it felt like the longest run of my life. I could already hear the Zombie from the other room tearing his way to join his friends. My heart was hammering in my chest, my vision focused only on the exit and my ears trained to listen for any surprises.
	As soon as they were in my reach, I grabbed onto the tightly-packed, discounted clothes and went to toss the rack, but it only swayed. Something was holding it to the ground.
	Pure panic prickled my blood and my eyes watered immediately from the stress of the situation. I heard Haley's gun go off behind me, but because the mouth-breathing was so loud I knew she had missed.
	That meant she had four bullets left in her magazine. 
	Shit. Shit. Shit. 
	I pulled again on the rack of clothes and this time it moved an inch. I realized then that it was tethered by something on the ground. While Haley shot off another bullet, I dropped to my hands and knees and felt blindly for whatever was holding onto the base of the rack. Once I found the thick rope that was tied to the base, I whipped out my pocket knife I kept in the pocket of my pants and began cutting at the rope frantically. 
	Another shot from behind me and one of the Feeders dropped to the ground. Good shot, Hales. There were still at least two more Feeders left, and I could hear more commotion from the front entrance. All these shots were probably drawing everything out there in here. 
	I finally got through the rope, but as soon as the slack was gone, something huge and clanging crashed to the ground just on the other side of the door. It sounded like pots or pans and a whole bunch of breaking glass. 
	Shit!!!
	I didn't have time to process that right now, so I stood up, effectively shoved the rack out of the way and went for the door handle. Another gun shot behind me and another Feeder dropped to the ground. 
	I lunged for the door handle, and turned it desperately. And nothing.
	It was locked.
	"No!" I screamed, not caring about the noise level at this point. 
	Haley's last bullet exited her gun and the last Feeder felt the hit and fell to the ground directly behind me. These guys were dead, but there were who knew how many now headed toward us. Haley was out of bullets, and I had three left. 
	And our only exit was locked. 
	"What are you waiting for, Reagan. Let's get the hell out of here!" Haley's back was still to me as she faced her now empty gun at the hallway, just waiting for the rest of the Feeders to follow the sounds and find us.
	"It's locked! Damn it!"
	Completely panicked, I yanked on the handled and kicked it with my new shoe. Nothing happened. The door stayed firmly locked, stubbornly unmoving. This was definitely worst case scenario. 
	And not ten minutes ago I had been really excited about all that eye liner and a new pair of jeans.
	This was so not how I was going out. I'd survived Quarterback-Chris, the death of my parents and almost two freaking years of living as the most depressing version of Mila Jovovich in Resident Evil ever. 
	"Open, damn it!" I screamed at the door, giving it another kick with my foot. 
	Only this time, my foot didn't connect with anything. The door wrenched open and my body flew, following my foot, through the empty space I wasn't expecting. I fell straight to my hands and knees in a huge pile of glass shards and broken ceramic. I felt the thick chunks of debris dig and slice through my skin immediately. My jeans would be completely irreparable after this and, with my luck, as soon as I was able to stop bleeding; I was for sure going to get gangrene. 
	What the hell? 
	"What the hell, Reagan?" Haley practically screamed at me as soon as she was through the doorway. She slammed the door behind her and braced her body against it; meanwhile, I was still doggy style in a pile of glass I was too afraid to stand up from.
	The damage was going to be annoyingly excessive. 
	Before I could answer her though, I heard the signature click of a bullet being loaded into the chamber. More dread slithered through my body; other humans were just as deadly and dangerous as Zombies these days. And apparently we were trespassing.
	"Don't move," a deep, masculine voice ordered in a quiet, steely tone. 
	"Out of the frying pan," Haley mumbled resignedly. 
	"And into the fire," I finished for her. 
	I would never complain about eyeliner again.

Chapter Two

	"You, drop your gun and put your hands in the air," the obviously male voice ordered Haley roughly. 
	Another click of a gun from behind us and I started trying to count shoes from my position on the floor. Blood pooled around my palms and knees, making the glass-littered ground sticky and wet. The stairwell was completely dark though, except for some kind of lamp that was shining from the top of a stairwell; it cast long, shadowy streaks of light down on us, but kept every face hidden in darkness. 
	I heard Haley's gun drop to the floor with unnecessary force behind it, crashing into the glass and ceramic. "Fine," she growled. "But, it was empty anyway."
	A snort of laughter sounded from the guy in the back and I almost smiled. God, Haley could be feisty- which was definitely a good thing when we found ourselves sandwiched between Zombies and armed men that probably hadn't gotten consensually laid since the outbreak. 
	"Now you," the man addressed me. I felt more than saw his gun swing in my direction. "Stand up slowly."
	"Do I have to?" I winced, thinking about my injured hands and knees. I was putting pressure on them now, so even though there was pain, I had staunched any chance of a river of blood. If I stood up, and let my hands hang limply in the air, I would be covered in Zombie-nip in no time. Mostly I was worried about being sticky for the next couple of days. Blood was a pain in the ass to scrub off, especially if there wasn't clean water around. "I'm bleeding here." 
	"You're bleeding?" the guy asked dryly.
	"I've been booby-trapped," I drawled. 
	Haley chuckled, and nudged me with her foot. "She's been booby-trapped." 
	That made me giggle, too. Apparently, the stress of our situation was not enough to dampen our sense of humor. 
	"We have guns," the guy with said gun explained unnecessarily. "This isn't a joke."
	"But you're not going to shoot us," Haley argued. 
	"I'm not?"
	"We're hot. You'll at least rape us first," she explained on a hysterical giggle.
	"At least," I echoed, my laughter bouncing off the floor. "Just don't give us herpes."
	"We're not going to rape you!" The guy in the back defended, sounding absolutely disgusted by the idea. Well, that was a good sign. 
	"Are you two high?" the first gunman asked incredulously.
	This only caused us to laugh harder, until a hand hit the outside of the door aggressively. We all jumped at the sound. Another fist came down on the heavy metal door, just to the left of Haley's head. And then another. The Feeders had arrived. 
	"Up, now. We'll take care of the bleeding upstairs," I was commanded from above. 
	I knew I didn't have a choice at this point. One Feeder might not be able to break down the door, but the incessant pounding would draw others and there was no telling what an entire horde of them could do. 
	I stood up slowly, flicking the loose pieces from my kneecaps and the heels of my hands with the tips of my fingers. I couldn't close my palms or straighten my legs completely, so I had to stand at an awkward angle, allowing the blood to run and drip from every cut. 
	"Those look bad, Reags," Haley hissed, concern entrenched in every syllable. Zombies didn't faze her; guns made her laugh, but my deep cuts were enough to get her to take this seriously. She was a good friend. 
	"I'll be okay," I assured her.
	"Let's go," the guy with the gun ordered before she had a chance to say anything else. 	
	We followed the direction of his pointed gun and marched up the stairs. He pushed Haley in front of me, which was a travesty since my gun was tucked into the back of my pants. She would have known that and if she would have been behind me she could have grabbed it.
	I hobbled up the stairs, still crooked at the knees. I took careful steps, gingerly holding onto Haley's hand as we went. The stairs were just as covered with broken glass and pieces of everything else. The farther we got up the stairs, even Haley had to duck because all kinds of cookware and gardening tools were hanging from the ceiling. A human would have had to have their wits together to bob and weave these traps, but Feeders were single minded and stupid. Maybe it wouldn't have been enough to impale them or maim them, but it would make a lot of noise if someone came running up these stairs knocking pans, rakes and shovels together. 
	I started to get the impression that this was a permanent settlement for these guys. A nervous tingle ran down my spine when I wondered how many of them there actually were. 
	In our travels, Haley and I had come across a few scattered settlements. We were always careful to scope them out first, doing due diligence with our scouting. Some settlements included women and even children; those were generally safer even while outsiders made them understandably nervous. If we weren't carrying the disease already, we could expose them to others who were, or deplete them of their coveted water and food supply. We always tried not to take anything from settlements. If we didn't want anything other than a place to sleep for the night, they tended to trust us more. 
	Other settlements were not nearly the safe-haven, though. Militia type groups, usually only enlisted with men, set up outposts all over the US in order to protect what was theirs. Whenever a group of just men got together it was like they lost millions of brain cells in the presence of all that testosterone. They became total cavemen, dangerous and unpredictable. They were just as deadly as Feeders, especially to women. 
	Especially to a couple of young virgins, traveling by themselves?
	We were like the new Fountain of Youth. The white unicorn. The freaking Holy Grail.
	If I weren't so worried about becoming a Zombie, I would have just given up the v-card months ago. Not that the Zombie gene was passed on like an STD, but they felt very closely related. It was like, die a virgin or get herpes, and if I got herpes I would obviously seek out the cure, because, uh? yuck, then because of the whole Zombie-itis thing I would definitely become a Feeder and the whole event would have been pointless. 
	Ok, that was all fiction. 
	I didn't have to become a Zombie just because I had sex. 
	But what happened to love? And commitment? Was that all gone just because I happened to live during the Apocalypse? 
	I had a serious boyfriend before the world went to shit and he tried to eat me- and not in the sexy way. We planned this whole after prom experience; there would have been rose petals on the bed and whispered I love you's. Even if he was a cheating asshole, that still sounded better than meeting up with a stranger and losing it on the dirty floor of some abandoned Wal-Mart. 
	Plus, who knew about safe sex these days? I didn't exactly come prepared with baby-preventing merchandise. And I was so not filming Teen Mom Zombie Apocalypse Edition. 
	We passed the spotlight when we rounded the corner and were ordered up the next flight of stairs. I sighed at the thought of struggling up another set of steps, but marched on, knowing I didn't have a choice. 
	"Do you need some help?" The guy in the way back asked quietly. 
	"Uh, I'll be okay," I replied quickly. Maybe it was a sign of the times, but where the hell had that come from? I wasn't exactly used to chivalry, and the very idea of it completely freaked me out. 
	"It's just up at the top of the stairs," the main gunman explained. I ignored the softening of his tone. I had to assume this was going to go one of two ways, Haley and I were about to made into sister wives for an entire community of vigilante men that had forgotten how to give the girl hers first, or this was an execution and they didn't want blood and bodies anywhere near where Feeders could find a way into their hidey-hole. Neither of those options appealed to me.
	At the top of the stairs, the guy from the back walked past, gun held at his side, and knocked on another heavy steel door. The door was opened and a stream of light flooded the stairwell. I blinked against the brightness my eyes weren't used to, and dipped my head. 
	Following Haley's feet, I shuffled inside the third floor of the department store and heard the door slam and lock behind us. The sound of sliding, heavy furniture could be heard behind me and eventually, when my eyes adjusted, I turned around to see four cash register counters lined up in front of the exit. It wouldn't keep out a mob of Feeders, but it would be enough to stop the lone wanderer, or even a group of ten or fifteen. 
	My mouth dropped as I let my gaze take in the rest of the space. These guys had commandeered the entire third floor. This was an older style department store, in what had always been a small town, so there wasn't an escalator in the middle of the floor, but there was a set of stairs that had been rebuilt with heavy steel pieces that had been welded together in a makeshift strong box. The elevators off to the side had been boarded up, too, with steel and metal. From a quick glance around, the only exit or entrance even accessible was the doors we just came through. 
	Couches and beds had been set up in sections; rooms were made from curtains hanging from the ceiling. A kitchen of sorts was also set up with a camping grill, a basin for water and several coolers that probably contained dried food. There were three other guys hanging out, guns hanging limply from their fingertips while they surveyed us with suspicious eyes. 
	Haley gave a flirty wave that I knew she didn't mean. If any of these guys came near her with bad intentions she would detach their manhood from their bodies with her teeth. 
	"What did you find, Hendrix?" The oldest of the guys- probably mid-twenties- asked from his perch on the back of a plaid couch. His tall body stretched out as he leaned against the back casually. He oozed attractive in that I-can-totally-pull-off-dirty-scruffy-and-rugged-as-if-I-were-doing-a-magazine-cover look. His facial growth was sexy as hell; his shaggy, dirty blonde hair, chopped and straight, fell around his eyebrows and collar. He was stupidly handsome for the end of the world. It wasn't fair. 
	The difference between girls and boys was that boys could go days without a razor and they looked better. I went days without a razor and people started reporting Big Foot sightings. Damn the male race and their immunity to hygienic upkeep. 
	"Girls," Hendrix huffed behind me. "They were shopping." 
	Haley snorted at the insinuation we were just shopping for leisure. "We were stocking up on supplies," she bit out. 
	"Makeup?" Hendrix scoffed pointedly at me. 
	"Just a little eyeliner," I mumbled a bit dejectedly.
	"Yeah?" Hendrix asked dramatically. "Is that eyeliner going to help you stop bleeding?" 
	"No, but you could," I shot back quickly. 
	Hendrix opened his mouth to say something, but the other one cut him off with an authoritative, "She's right. Help her get clean before the Feeders get a scent of her fresh blood." 
	I flaunted a haughty look and waited for Hendrix to lead the way. In the light, I could now take him in. He was as steady here as he was downstairs, cool and completely collected. He was tall, too, at least eight inches taller than me, with a muscular but lean frame. His hair was just as shaggy as the other guys but a deeper blonde color, almost brown, but not quite. His darker half-beard was more trimmed than the first guy's and hid full lips that if I had to guess, were perpetually pressed into a frown. Hendrix, in the short time I had known him, was clearly never the life of any party. He was like the black hole that sucked all the fun out of the room. 
	Not that there was a whole lot of fun happening these days. But proverbially speaking, he was the party pooper. 
	He led me over to the kitchen area and directed me to sit on a tall bar stool. I glanced over at Haley who was now sitting awkwardly on one of the cashier counters that blocked the exit. She gave me a small wave and a shrug of her shoulder. So far, no raping and pillaging. 
	I turned my attention back to Hendrix when he gripped my hand and started to pull out one of the larger pieces of glass imbedded deep in my palm. I sucked in a sharp breath and blinked away the tears of pain. 
	"That's some defense system you've got down there," I hissed through the throbbing pain. With the biggest piece of glass dislodged from my palm, Hendrix grabbed a bottle of rubbing alcohol and poured it on the gushing wound. I winced at the searing pain and squinched my eyes shut. He started patting it gently with a cloth and I relaxed a little at the applied pressure. 
	"Most people that come through that door are invited," he explained in his no-nonsense, rough way. 
	"Are they also being chased by Feeders?" I asked with as much sarcasm as I was capable of under the circumstances. 
	"Hold this," he ignored my question and pressed my fingertips against the soft towel. I opened one eye to watch him pull up another bar stool and sit down. He was close to me, so that our knees were pressed into each other and he could hold my hand against his body. His longish hair fell over his eyes and he shook his head to the side to get the stray pieces out of his field of vision. 
	I was slightly mesmerized by his movement until he removed the towel and pulled another shard of glass out of my palm. 
	"These are bad," he commented without any emotion. 
	"I know," I grimaced. 
	"Bruce Lee," he mumbled while pouring more alcohol into the wound.
	"What?" 
	"You looked like Bruce Lee with your foot flying through the door," he explained but there was absolutely no humor in his voice. 
	A surprised giggle bubbled up inside me and I couldn't stop it. "You could have warned me you were going to open the door." 
	"I didn't know if you were a friend or an enemy." He lifted his eyes from my wound to meet my stare. He had intensely blue eyes that shimmered they were so serious. 
	I cleared my throat, feeling exposed under his weighty gaze. "Fair enough," I finally squeaked out. 
	He worked in silence for a while, pulling pieces out carefully and cleaning the cuts properly. When he was finished with my right hand, he bandaged it expertly and moved on to my left. 
	"This is quite the set up you have here," I commented while keeping my eyes on Haley who looked bored, still positioned on the counter. The rest of Hendrix's band of merry men stood conferring with each other in a far corner.
	"Yep," was all he said in reply. 
	"Have you been here since the beginning?" I pressed. I didn't know what these guys were going to do with us, but right now they held all the cards. We were pathetically at their mercy. I wanted as much information as I could get, even if it couldn't help me. I had to believe Haley and I were competent enough to get out of this mess should they mean us harm.
	"Nope," Hendrix offered helpfully. 
	"So how long then? You have a serious utopia up here; I'm surprised there aren't more of you." I chewed my bottom lip thoughtfully as I glanced at their dried food supply to my left and the soft, comfortable beds that were curtained off into bedrooms. They also seemed to have plenty of clean water and medical supplies. 
	"We don't trust outsiders," he growled out.	
	"Oh, like me?" I rolled my eyes. "That works out great since I don't trust you either." 
	"You shouldn't," he promised quietly.
	"Wow, you sure know how to make a girl feel welcome." 
	"It doesn't matter; you'll be gone in a few hours anyway." He kept his eyes firmly on my hand while he expertly cleaned my wounds. 
	I gulped and whispered so Haley couldn't hear, "Like you're going to kill us?" 
	"What?" His eyes snapped up to mine and he actually looked offended that I would think that about him. "We're not going to kill you. We're going to send you on your way. We don't want you here. I already told you, we don't trust outsiders." 
	Not that I was expecting some kind of white knight declaration or anything, but even false hope would have felt great at this point. "But I'm a woman," I pointed out obviously. 
	"Yep," he reverted to his one word answers. 
	"Aren't you going to rape me?" I demanded a little put out that the thought hadn't even crossed his mind. 
	"What? Do you want me to rape you?" He asked sounding more appalled than before. Good for him; this was a single guy at the end of the world with standards. I almost laughed out loud. That concept was about as fantastical as the young virgin.
	Yet, I was here, so?.
	"Obviously not, it's just?." I trailed off, feeling like a total douche for assuming he was as bad as everyone else out there. I cleared my throat, "So how did you guys meet?"
	"Online dating," he mumbled dryly. 
	"Oh, like before? That makes sense then. It's actually kind of sweet you still have each other through all this craziness." It was like an ah-ha moment. They were gay. 
	"I was kidding," his eyes snapped up to mine again and flashed with annoyance. 
	"I'm not judging you," I quickly said. "I think it's great. Seriously!" 
	"We're not gay," he growled. "We're brothers." 
	I snorted a laugh and dissolved into laughter. "Don't ever try to be a comedian." I shook my head at him, watching as his irritation grew deeper. "In fact, maybe don't ever attempt a joke again." 
	He scowled at me for a few more seconds and finished the dressing on my left hand. Once that was done he motioned for the sleeves of my shirt. 
	"I'm wearing a tank top underneath; I can just take this off," I gestured uselessly with my bandaged hands to my long-sleeve tee. "Uh, do you have a knife? You could just cut it off." 
	"You trust a stranger with a knife?" he asked like I was the most naïve person on earth. 
	"You've had plenty of opportunity to do what you want to me. I trust a stranger that knows how to take care of open wounds," I said seriously. And that was true. He was surly, cranky and had zero sense of humor, but he wasn't trying to hurt me. He was trying to help. And those kinds of people didn't really exist anymore. 
	He pulled out a butterfly knife from his back pocket and went to work cutting my t-shirt off without damaging the tank top underneath. With quick, confident moves, my filthy, bloody shirt was discarded with the rest of the bloody towels and I was left in my black cami; my neon-green demi-cup bra poked out from underneath- in the last big town we were in, Haley and I raided a Victoria's Secret. 
	I watched Hendrix's eyes flare to life at the sight of so much of my exposed skin. A heat burned in my belly that I did my best to ignore. This was like that game, if we were the last two people on Earth?. Uh, the answer for Hendrix would have been a hell yes, before. But things were not that simple and I really liked to believe there was more to me than a desire to get laid, like surviving a world full of Zombies, for one. 
I kept my elbows tucked against my sides, even though I wasn't exactly trying to attract his attention. I still didn't want to detract his attention with my less than smoothly shaven armpits. At least I could confirm that he was officially not gay. 
	Hendrix dipped a clean towel into some cold water and started washing away the dried blood on my forearms. I shivered at the contact when the wet towel hit my skin and he paused to look up at me and ask silent permission. I nodded carefully. I wasn't used to this kind of attention from a boy, not even Quarterback-Chris had been this? gentle. I wasn't sure what to do with his attention, other than ignore it, since we would be parting ways in just a few hours. 
	He seemed to hesitate before nodding down at my jeans. "Uh, maybe we should cut those off too?" 
	"Yeah, that's fine," I agreed. "They were going in the trash anyway." 
	"Do you have other clothes?" He asked hesitantly. 
	"Sure thing. From our shopping spree," I smiled at him innocently.
	He ignored me. Again. "Alright, I'm going to cut around your thigh, and then I'll deal with your knees. Do they feel as bad as your palms?" 
	"No, actually. I think my jeans protected them to some extent." 
	Hendrix played with the knife in his hand for a minute before setting it down and slipping his fingers into the already ripped hole in my thigh. They were distressed jeans to begin with, but the recent wear and tear had turned simply frayed places into monster-sized holes. He wedged his fingers between my jeans and my thigh and I worked really hard at keeping my breathing even.
	There was the fact that a strange guy had his hands all over my upper thigh, but mostly, I didn't want him to rip away the jeans too quickly and cause my knees any unnecessary pain. I should have known better with him though, he was obviously not the kind of person that did anything irrationally or recklessly. 
	Carefully he tugged apart the material until it started ripping up towards my crotch. He coughed suddenly, a little surprised at the direction of the rip, before pulling his hands free and going for the knife again. Now that the rip was bigger, there was enough slack on the material so the knife could slash away without fear of my femoral artery being punctured. He repeated the process with my left leg until I was left with an unflattering pair of daisy dukes. 
	Oh, god. The hair. 
	I blushed the deepest red at the sight of my unshaven legs. How humiliating! 
	Hendrix lifted my leg and stretched it out atop his thighs. The unshaven disaster was even worse at this angle. I winced and dropped my head into my hands. 
	Guessing at what my mortification was about, Hendrix offered in an unconvincing voice, "It's not that bad." 
	"It's really bad," I whined, peeking out from behind my fingers. 
	A small smile tilted his lips while his eyes stayed intent on the few shards of glass that had embedded in my knees. 
	"It could be worse," he shrugged. "It could be a mustache."
	"Was that a joke?" I asked, a little surprised by his cavalier attitude. 
	He shrugged again. "So what?" 
	I giggled helplessly. "So, it was almost funny." 
	His head shot up and I was treated with another scowl. I winked at him and relaxed back into a playful smile. He stared after me for a moment, clearly not knowing what to do with me. Soon enough he turned his attention back to my knees and started working out the shrapnel and cleaning each cut carefully. When he was finished, and had spent time washing my calves since I clearly couldn't with my useless and bandaged hands, he wrapped gauze all the way around both of my knees so the bandage wouldn't slip off the still clotting cuts. 
	I slid my final leg off his as soon as the last bandage had been tied. He was up and out of his seat before my foot even landed back on the ground and across the room before I could get out of my chair. Geez, he was a weird one. 
	I hobbled, a little self-consciously, over to Haley and crawled up on the counter with her. My jeans had been cut short enough that I was worried about my ass hanging out of them while I stood. Sitting was a much safer option until I could change into the jeans Haley had grabbed earlier. I looked helplessly down at my hair-covered legs and winced all over again. 
	I mean, it was the end of the world, and personal hygiene had a checklist of priorities. In reality, clean-shaven legs were low on the list, especially since I'd had to discard my last razor two weeks ago. It had broken in half in my backpack, and the rusty blade was too dangerous to use. I'd been on the lookout for a new one, or even a sharp pocket knife- at this point I would have taken dull scissors- but so far hadn't found one.
	Besides, up until this exact moment I had been working the unshaven legs- totally owning the look- hoping if we were ever kidnapped the au natural style would work in my favor as a deterrent. 
	I still felt like that, so I was a little confused by my self-consciousness right now just because Hendrix didn't initially come off like a creeper. He still had four brothers that could easily not be as chivalrous. So why wasn't I flashing around my prickly pear legs? And waving my arms in the air so everyone got a nice long look at my Eastern Europe styled pits? Good question. 
	"Have you been able to hear anything?" I asked Haley in a low voice. 
	She looked over at me and did a double take when she took in the sight of my shorty shorts. "Nice legs, Mama," she snorted at me. I loved her sense of humor, even when it was at my expense. I easily would have died of depression if it hadn't been for her refusing to let me mope around aimlessly. Haley found laughter in every situation. She was one of those people that would forever be refreshing to be around. Back when we went to high school, she was easily the most popular girl in our class, only everyone loved her. Especially me. We had been besties since grade school and it was by sheer goodwill of the Universe that we still had each other after everything that had happened.
	"Shut it." I stuck my tongue out at her and waved my ridiculously bandaged hands. I couldn't even wiggle my fingers, but I knew the care was necessary. 
	"Yeesh, it's industrial strength," she murmured while taking one of my palms into her hands. "But at least it looks like he knew what he was doing. He didn't happen to have Neosporin, did he?"
	I nodded with excited eyes. "And rubbing alcohol." 
	"Who are these guys?" Haley mumbled, lifting her eyes to the pow-wow happening in the corner. 
	"I don't know, but apparently they don't even want to rape us," I whispered, not bothering to hide my shock. 
	"What? Are they gay?" she gasped.
	"I asked. Turns out no. Apparently they're brothers." 
	"Huh."
	"I know."
	We watched them for a few more minutes while they seemed to argue among themselves. They kept their voices to a whisper, but their hands flew around animatedly. Hendrix seemed to have the most opinions and it seemed like he was most often arguing with the guy who had ordered him around before. Two of the guys with them were clearly younger, their facial hair more splotchy and their muscle definition not quite up to par with their brothers. They also didn't have a whole lot to say, another indication they were low on the totem pole. 
	The final brother was just as tall and muscly as Hendrix, but it was hard to determine his age or how he fit into the chain of command. It seemed like he talked often enough to get his opinion across, but every once in a while he would lay a calming hand on Hendrix's shoulder as if warning him to settle down. He followed the same dress code as all the others, only his hair was a light brown and his beard an even darker shade. Eventually he was the one to turn his attention back to us with his kind, apologetic eyes offering a certain soft-spoken hope.
	The other brothers followed his gaze and Hendrix let out an exasperated sigh. They made their way over, Hendrix trailing them all, and faced us. They were intimidating, that was for damn sure- even the younger ones in the back. They all stood with their legs apart, their arms crossed. Haley reached out and grabbed my bandaged hand, clasping it tightly in hers but careful not to disturb my wounds. We were ready for their judgment. 
	"When's the last time you've had a good night's sleep?" The leader asked in a not unpleasant tone.
	I bit my lip and glanced at Haley who looked as confused as I felt. Finally, I turned back to the brigade of boys and answered, "Define good night."
	"When was the last time you slept the entire night through?" he clarified. 
	His question met silence. Neither Haley nor I could remember the last time we slept all the way through the night, and it probably hadn't been since we were both back home living with our parents. 
	"That's what I thought," the guy nodded his head intuitively. "You can't stay with us permanently. But you can spend the night," he explained. "We will give you a full night's rest before you move on in the morning." 
	We were stunned silent. 
	Hendrix spoke up from the back of the group, "Explain the raping thing, Vaughan."
	A slow smile broke out across Vaughan's face and now I was muted by how gorgeous he turned out to be. That wasn't exactly fair. "Oh, and my little brother would like to assure you that you will not be raped." He gestured out with his hands and said in a comforting voice, "This happens to be a rape-free zone."
	"But what if we've changed our minds about that?" Haley whispered to me as she stared down at the floor.
	A nervous laugh burst out, but I found myself nodding excitedly. "We'll take it." I was smiling now, meeting Vaughan's eyes. "We'll leave first thing in the morning, but we will take your offer."
	"Definitely," Haley echoed. She hopped down from the counter and helped me down since I couldn't use my hands. Once we were settled on the ground she gestured between us in a friendly way. "Oh, and I'm Haley and this is Reagan," she announced to the dispersing room.
	Her introduction was met with a few half-hearted head nods. It seemed the brothers didn't really care who we were and it probably didn't matter. We would be leaving first thing in the morning, so why make pleasantries? It wasn't like we'd become pen pals or anything. 
	"Nelson, get Page. She'll be safe from these ones," Vaughan ordered before turning back to us. He took three steps forward until we were face to face and his expression turned serious. "I'm Vaughan; you've met Hendrix and Nelson. My other two brothers are Harrison and King. Nelson went to get our sister, Page. Best you stay away from her." He warned, his eyes flashing with a striking protectiveness. "If anything happens to my little sister, all responsible parties will suffer before they die excruciating deaths, got that?"
	"Sure thing, Boss," Haley bravely patted his shoulder before walking off and asking either Harrison or King where we'd be staying tonight. 
	I looked up at Vaughan, whose eyes were a deep blue, almost navy. "Thank you," I whispered. 
	"I don't believe all of humanity is lost," he whispered back somberly. 
	"Good for you," I smirked and walked off to find Haley. A thought struck me and I turned around and asked, "Stevie Ray?" 
	Vaughan's face broke out in that breath-taking smile again and he nodded. "My dad was a guitar teacher. He named us all after the greats."
	I laughed at that. Stevie Ray Vaughan was an iconic guitarist and Hendrix suddenly made sense as well. "Jimi?" I asked just to be sure.
	"Yep."
	"Uh," I thought about it for a minute before pointing at Nelson. "Willie?"I asked on a laugh. 
	Vaughan's grin widened; then he nodded. "George Harrison," he explained while pointing to the second to youngest brother.
	"Wait," I held up my hand. I thought over the remaining names for a moment before I came to my conclusion. "BB?" I asked, referring to King. 
	A genuine look of surprise flashed across Vaughan's face before he said, "Ok, now Page."
	I thought about that for a minute longer while walking backwards towards Haley, "Jimmy Page. Led Zeppelin." 
	"Very good," Vaughan admitted. "I'm impressed."
	"What? You guys think you're the last of the eclectic musicians?" 
	Vaughan let out a bark of laughter and shook his head at me. "I guess not. Welcome to the Hotel California, Reagan."

Chapter Three

	Haley and I got set up on our bed, a queen-sized Tempur Pedic that we decided to share. We'd been sleeping back to back for almost two years now. It was how we protected ourselves, using our guns as pillows and taking turns sleeping. 
	I stretched out on the bed for a few minutes, the sheets were new, procured from the bedding section of this very floor; and the bed felt like pure heaven. I couldn't even believe how long it had been since I'd slept in an actual bed. And when I truly processed how Haley and I had been living, how we'd been just barely surviving, I didn't want to admit this was what my life boiled down to.
	I had three more weeks of high school when the initial infection broke out. I had three weeks left before I would graduate. I had a partial academics scholarship to the University of Iowa and I was going to play intramural volleyball. I had this entire life planned out in my head, where I majored in elementary education, graduated in four and a half years after student teaching and got a job in Des Moines. I would have this cute little apartment, the only roommate I had would be this rescue cat I picked up at the Humane Society and I would go out with my girlfriends on weekends. I would have eventually broken up with Quarterback-Chris, because if I was honest, that wasn't the forever kind of love. 
	Obviously, since I popped his head off like a dandelion. 
	Then I would have met this really great guy one morning while I was getting coffee before school. We would have bumped into each other and he would have made a joke about it; we would have fallen into easy conversation until I had to go before I was late for my teacher's meeting. He would have gotten my number and the rest would have been this epic love story that ended in my dream wedding, four perfect kids and a house in the suburbs. 
	Okay, so maybe my ideal future had been a little less reality and a lot more chick flick. However, it was worth pointing out that I was not even living a straight-to-DVD version of that life. 
	Hobo-ing around the country, living off scavenged canned goods and cleaning up the Zombie infestation was more like the opposite of how I pictured my life going. 
	"Let's dump out our brand new baubles and organize," Haley suggested while pulling herself into a sitting position. "Besides, it wouldn't hurt you to change. Your big ass is totally hanging out."
	I squeaked and slapped my hands back there, trying to cover myself up. We were hidden behind the make shift curtain walls, but still, my ripped-up jeans were embarrassing with all these hot boys running around. 
	I pulled myself up so that I was sitting on my knees- my ass mostly hidden while I sat on it- and watched Haley dump out her backpack. Rolled up jeans and all kinds of t-shirts tumbled out, making a messy pile of treasure in front of me. I couldn't hold back my smile- loot, glorious loot.
	Possibly, I was a pirate in a former life. 
	I dumped my bag, as well, with the makeup and the excessive amount of underwear I'd grabbed. Holding up a pair of bright pink boy shorts that had "lickable" written across the ass, I waggled my eyes at Haley.
	"Those are horrible," she groaned but took them from me anyway.
	"The joys of shopping in the junior department," I smirked. 
	A throat cleared from behind us and Haley practically sprained her wrist trying to hide the provocative panties, shoving them underneath her thighs. She blushed bright red as we turned our attention to Nelson who was standing in our makeshift doorway, looking amused. I almost laughed out loud. Haley had never blushed, not even when we were in school. She owned her hotness and her sassiness; boys hardly ever stood a chance against her. And now Nelson, in all his sexy-stranger-glory, was giving my poor girl friend a run for her money with his lifted eyebrows and barely contained smirk.
	"I just wanted to tell you ladies that there's a bathroom if you want to clean up. We don't have running water, but you can do the whole sponge bath thing. Then there's food if you're hungry." His dark hair was hanging over his forehead, his dark blue eyes sparkling with humor at Haley's odd behavior. 
	Haley seemed unable to speak, so I answered for her, "Thanks, but the bed is enough. We don't want to deplete any of your supplies. We're really not here to take from you." 
	Nelson cocked his head back like I'd surprised him, and scratched his scruffy beard thoughtfully. "Reagan, we have an abundance of supplies and when these run out we'll just move on and build it up elsewhere. We know how to survive and we know how to scrimp when we need to. We offered you a place to stay because we had one to give to you. Now we're offering you a bath and food because we have that to give to you, too. If we didn't, you wouldn't be here."
	I pressed my lips together trying to accept his explanation, both because he was being so generous and because I was afraid to analyze what it would have meant for us if they didn't have space for us. This family seemed fiercely protective of each other and I truly believed they would eliminate any kind of threat to any part of their family.
	Including Hales and me. 
	Best not to become a threat. 
	"Alright," I finally relented. "Thank you, for everything." 
	"Sure," Nelson smiled, but his eyes were on Haley, not me. Not that she would know since she was busy picking invisible lint off the bedspread. 
	Nelson disappeared and I nudged Haley with my knee. "So, bath?" I couldn't help grinning from ear to ear. 
	"Uh, no thanks," she shook her head. "I prefer the filthy, street urchin look. I think it brings out my eyes." But then she was wearing her own grin and grabbing all kinds of new clothes and the lickable undies. 
	I had some travel-size shampoo and conditioner we commandeered at the last safe settlement we'd stayed at. I traded three packs of Marlborough Reds for them. Haley and I were always on the lookout for things like that, cigarettes, bottles of alcohol, fingernail paint. People would pay dearly for their vices, or to just feel normal for a few moments. 
	This was kind of how I imagined the bartering system in prison to work.
	Turns out I would have been a very profitable inmate. 
	We got to work in the bathroom as soon as the swinging door shut behind us, and made the best use of our opportunity. Since I was still bandaged and broken, Haley washed my hair and I took care of the rest with the tips of my fingers that weren't covered and a wet wash cloth. It was mostly a pansy effort as far as the deep scrubbing should have gone, but it was the best I could do with lacerated palms. 
	The water was room temperature and came from a multitude of plastic bottles, but it was better than ice cold and we knew it was clean. I would never complain since we looked human again. Our hair actually smelled good, our nails were clean, our skin not sticky, sweaty and stinky. We dressed in some yoga pants and tank tops that would be comfortable to sleep in, but utilitarian too, just in case we had to leave suddenly. And we even used the mirror to apply some of the makeup I grabbed. Not that we were trying to impress our hosts, but it felt good to have mascara on again. And Chapstick, oh, sweetness, my lips felt fantastic. 
	Back in our borrowed space, we found some more bandages and Neosporin lying on top of the bed. Haley helped change my dressings and we both breathed out a sigh of relief at how well my wounds seemed to be closing up. We both slipped on socks and lined up our shoes at the end of our bed. 
	It was weird to be without shoes. We never walked around barefoot anymore, there just wasn't that option. The only time our shoes ever came off, was just so we could change clothes; but immediately they went back on. And we were never barefoot at the same time. We were always ready to run or fight. We had to be. This was the nature of the world we lived in. 
	We set some better traveling clothes out next to our freshly organized packs and tidied up the small space we shared. Even though this place felt safer than anywhere we'd been in years, we always had to be ready to run- always.
	Finally, we left our living space to raid the kitchen. My hair was down and floating around my shoulders; it tickled my skin and felt cool and refreshing since it was still damp. It was longer than it ever had been and I reminded myself to be on the lookout for some scissors so Haley could trim it for me sometime.
	"Oh, my gosh, Reagan, they have peanut butter," Haley groaned. She lifted a jar of creamy Jiffy and started to unscrew the red cap. 
	"Wait, Haley," I gasped before grabbing a plastic spoon and jumping to stand next to her. "Ok, go." 
	She slowly twisted off the cap and we sat there staring at the untouched peanut butter for several moments, just inhaling the scent. I honestly wiped at my mouth because I was afraid I was drooling. 
	"Knock yourselves out, we all hate that stuff," Vaughan offered.
	"What?" Haley snapped her head up to stare him down. "You all hate peanut butter? Are you sure you're not Zombies?"
	Vaughan laughed. "Pretty sure."
	"So you don't mind if we?.?" I gestured at the peanut butter and swirled my spoon over it. 
	"Like I said, knock yourselves out," he smiled at me. "We just found it the last time we went raiding and thought why not? If worse comes to worst, right?" 
	Haley and I made sounds of agreement but were already spoon deep in the deliciousness and moaning over the taste on our tongues.
	"When's the last time you girls had anything to eat?" Vaughan asked, clearly amused with our reaction to good food. 
	I looked over the top of my spoon at Haley, feeling the familiar instinct to be careful with what I revealed to others. "What's it been, Hales? Three days?"
	"Four," she corrected quickly. "And it was a tuna and cracker pack that we shared." 
	I shuddered at the memory. Tuna was so gross, but we seemed to find it the most often. Plus, it did have protein, which we needed desperately. 
	"So you've just been constantly moving from place to place, scavenging where you can?" Vaughan asked slowly. His eyebrows were drawn together and his lips turned down in a frown.
	I suddenly felt protective of our lifestyle. No, it wasn't ideal, but it was all we had. And we were surviving, which was the most important part. 
	"We've never had the resources to set up like you guys," I spat out defensively. "And it's not like we can just settle into someone else's settlement. I'm not ready to repopulate the planet with some sixty year old guy that already has seven other wives."
	Vaughan grimaced at my words. "You obviously see how dangerous it is out there for two pretty, unarmed girls." 
	"I'm not unarmed," I shot back.
	"Haley is," he argued.
	"For now," she said with a hint of threat in her voice. "Just for now." 
	"We know how to take care of ourselves, Vaughan," I said evenly to diffuse the growing tension between us. I didn't see why he cared, though. He had given us one night here; he'd made it clear that was as far as his generosity went. It didn't make sense that now he was trying to convince us to take better care of ourselves. Obviously, if there was a better way, we would be doing it by now. "We've made it on our own for almost two years. And while we appreciate your generosity, we don't need you babysitting us." 
	Vaughan held up his hands in defeat, but his eyes glimmered with a silent challenge. "I get it. I'm not judging you." 
	Vaughan walked away, leaving us with our peanut butter. The smooth stickiness coated my mouth and tasted like heaven. I sucked on the spoon a little, making sure I got every last bite. I groaned at the taste of something so rich and delicious. These boys could rule the world with supplies like this.
	And that wasn't far from the truth. 
	A tingle spread out across my neck and I had the distinct feeling I was being watched. My eyes snapped up and locked with Hendrix's. He was across the room, standing in the middle of the floor just watching me. It was like our gaze had caught him mid-step and he wasn't sure what to do next. 
	After years of being chased by Zombies, I wasn't intimidated easily, but there was something so revealing about his stare I wasn't sure what to do with myself. I pulled the spoon out of my mouth and licked my lips nervously while he just stood there, staring at me. 
	Haley gave me a nudge with her shoulder and my attention was successfully averted. I looked down at the peanut butter jar and felt my cheeks heat from a confusing blush. I wondered if Hendrix would have been this strange in a normal world, or if everything normal inside of him snapped when things got bad.
	Or maybe, in the pre-Zombie world, he was just as brooding and serious. If he were cast in my Zombie version of Vampire Diaries, he so would have been Stefan, the very brother I wanted to watch die of something grotesque and gruesome. Team Daemon every single day. 
	"What was that about?" Haley whispered. She opened a pack of Ritz crackers and we both dug in, spreading the peanut butter across the crackers before devouring them- this was a feast. 
	"I have no idea," I giggled. 
	"You have pretty hair," a small, unmistakably girly voice said from behind me. 
	Haley and I both turned to face Page. She had to Page- the fact that she was a little girl and the spitting image of her brothers mostly gave it away. She had long, dark blonde hair like Hendrix. It curled at the ends and stopped halfway down her petite back. She had huge, bright blue eyes that were widened with curiosity and full, Cupid's bow lips that I believed were a family trait. She couldn't have been more than nine and she reminded me of a fairy. Her features were gorgeously exaggerated and she had the cutest ears poking through her curtain of thick hair. 
	I looked from Haley back to Page, before deciding she was talking to me, since her attention was firmly fixed on my face. "Thank you," I smiled easily. "So do you."
	"Thank you," she beamed back. "It's nice to hear that. Did you know boys don't know how to say thank you? My mama taught me, she taught me how to use all my manners. But Vaughan says most boys didn't have the same kind of mama. And he says our mama forgot to teach my brothers."
	Haley and I did our best to bite back laughter. "I bet your mama didn't forget to teach them." I leaned forward as if I was telling her a secret. "I bet they just forgot to learn." 
	Page's eyes lit up with excitement and she bobbed her head up and down in agreement. "I bet you're right!" 
	"Do you want some peanut butter or crackers?" I asked, holding out the jar for her.
	She wrinkled her precious little upturned nose and shook her head again, her glossy hair bouncing around her shoulders. "No, thank you."
	"Those are great manners," I encouraged before trading my offering to the sleeve of crackers. She took a few from the package and started nibbling on them. 
	"Hey, Page," Hendrix greeted slowly. He joined us in the kitchen area, leaning up against the wall. His eyes were narrowed in distrust and he glanced over his sister with careful concern. "Making some friends?"
	"Hendrix," Page said seriously, "They have manners."
	Haley choked on a giggle and I shot Hendrix a saucy wink. He didn't seem to know what to do with me, which made me kind of giddy for some reason.
	"I think Page has given up on the male species as a whole," I explained to Hendrix. "As it turns out, boys everywhere aren't able to remember their manners." 
	The peaks of Hendrix's cheeks pinkened and he cast his eyes down at his shuffling feet. "We just tease her," he admitted. 
	"And the male species is lost as a whole," Haley grunted. Then in a whisper she said, "Probably best not to get her hopes up."
	"Is that why you two are traveling alone?" Vaughan interrupted the conversation, followed by the rest of the brothers. Nelson looked truly interested, but King and Harrison mostly looked like they didn't have anything else to do.
	"Who's left to travel with?" Haley asked on an annoyed grunt. "Everyone we know is dead."
	"Except us," I reiterated obviously, just so we could hear it again. 
	"Except us," Haley whispered. 
	"How did you girls survive? How have you survived this long?" Nelson asked, his eyebrows drawn and his gaze fixed on Haley again. 
	"We got kind of lucky," Haley explained somberly. "Everything fell apart for us in three days. When Reagan's boyfriend tried to eat her, we decided it was time to skip town and head south." 
	"Where are you from?" Vaughan asked this time. 
	I allowed the questions, but only because I had as many for them. 
	"Iowa," Haley said. 
	"What do you mean your boyfriend tried to eat you?" Hendrix asked insistently.
	I hesitated. Inside my head I joked up about it, but in reality it was pretty f-ed up. Not that everyone still alive and not eating human flesh didn't have a similar story, but Chris had once been a person, had once been a friend and potential lover. 
	Ok, I shuddered at that. That just sounded?. wrong. Zombie or not.
	"In two days, we'd both lost our parents," I gestured between Haley and myself. "We hadn't really taken the Zombie threat seriously until then. I mean, honestly, who could have known Zombies turned out to be real; they were supposed to just be this thing in movies. Our parents got off easy. They were in a town assembly, with most of the other adults, trying to figure out what to make of the military and news reports and the assembly was attacked. Some were turned into Feeders, but a lot of them were just slaughtered. Our parents were the lucky ones." We all knew that meant they died on the spot, that didn't need to be said. "We thought about sticking around, making a haven of the place we'd lived our whole lives, but when Chris came over to stay with me?." I trailed off, not knowing how to finish that one. 
	"He tried to gobble her up. So she stabbed him in the face with a butcher knife then practiced parallel parking on his body until his head wasn't attached to his neck anymore," Haley finished dramatically.
	I sighed- so not one of the shining moments of humanity. 
	"Impressive," whistled Vaughan. 
	"Necessary," I countered. 
	"Definitely," Hendrix agreed.
	"And then you guys just booked it?" Nelson finished the story.
	"First we confirmed that neither of us had added brains to our daily food pyramid, then we packed up the still bloody Escalade and drove it till there wasn't any gas left."
	Haley added, "Which wasn't very long. We'd only had a half tank to begin with and by the time we needed to fill up, the gas stations were war zones. We ditched the car and started walking.
	"Smart of you not to risk gas," Vaughan noted. And he was right. By the time Haley and I fled our childhood homes, humanity had seemingly forgotten everything civilized and safe. Grocery stores, gas stations and Costco's- especially Costco's- all became battlegrounds for a deadly version of capture the flag. All the settlements we saw along the way were set up near a cluster of those things. Even though gas and food supplies were probably on the thin side now, those buildings still represented power and wealth. Even if settlements were relatively peaceful, it was guaranteed they hadn't started out that way. 
	"What's your ultimate plan?" Hendrix asked in a rumbling voice. I looked up at him and met his stare. He was intimidating and practical. I got the distinct impression when Hendrix asked questions they were always directed to get necessary, concise answers. 
	"We're going south," Haley said on a shrug. I shot her a glare but she either didn't see me or was ignoring me. 
	"South where?" Hendrix asked, standing up a bit straighter. His shoulders were tense and rigid, his body strung tight with something aggressive. 
	I cleared my throat in a plea to get Haley to shut up, but she plowed forward, definitely ignoring me. "South America, Compadre. Or what used to be that general vicinity." 
	"You can't be serious," Vaughan scoffed, sharing a look with his brother. Vaughan rubbed a hand across his scruffy jaw in a gesture of frustration. 
	"Dead," Haley smiled sweetly. "Serious, that is."
	"Why in the hell would you want to go down there?" Nelson gaped at us. 
	"Language," Page hissed in the sweetest, sternest voice I'd ever heard. Pretty sure I was already in love with that little girl. 
	"Sorry, Pagey," Nelson smiled sheepishly down at his little sister who gave him a benevolent nod of approval in return. "Why in the world would you head south? You have to have heard about the drug cartel? The slaving? The armies of Zombies?"
	All eyes landed on me, as if this was my idea alone and I was dragging poor Haley along to her death. Which?. okay, maybe that was true, but I had a good reason for going that way.
	"Sure, we've heard of those things," I lifted my shoulders casually. 
	"And you're still going there?" Hendrix asked incredulously. His eyes were flashing with anger, as he worked his jaw back and forth in frustration. "What's down there that would make you willing to face Zombies in hordes, or worse, ex-cartel that would enslave you and make you entertain whole encampments of men?" 
	"It's the mountains," I whispered. I didn't really want to give this away, but I had the deepest urge to defend my decision.
	"We have mountains here," Hendrix said slowly. 
He seemed to have reined back the control he'd lost moments ago. It wasn't until he regained his composure that I realized how out of place it felt when he'd started yelling at me. I shook my head a little at that, though, wondering why I even thought I knew him enough to judge his character or personality. We literally met hours ago; I had no idea who this guy was.
"My dad's cousin lives, or um, lived down there. As far as I know, she's still alive. Anyway, she was this missionary. She had an orphanage in the Andes Mountains. When things started to get bad, she begged my dad to move us down there. She said it was safer than Iowa. She was protected by the mountains, there were very few people up there and she knew of this ancient Mayan city that had walls. She said we'd be able to protect ourselves, rebuild society." My stomach churned with uncertainty, even as I pressed myself to sound confident. Mayan ruins? Andes Mountains? It really did sound crazy. 
"Yeah and when's the last time you talked to her?" Hendrix pushed, that careful control slipping again. 
"Right before my parents died," I answered. There wasn't a way to make them understand, to get them to see my view on this. I knew that- mostly because it was practically insane to try to get through Mexico. Things had been dangerous down there for young girls traveling alone before the Zombie infestation. Now? It would be a miracle if I survived just crossing the border. "The phones were still working and my parents were considering it. They thought they would see how the assembly went, what other news was being floated around, then we would either stay or buy a plane ticket."
"Your parents died early," Page whispered with the wisdom of someone five times her age. "Ours didn't go to heaven until after the planes stopped flying and the cars stopped driving."
I pressed my lips together, uncomfortable with her sentiment. Iowa had been overtaken surprisingly fast, considering how many empty miles fell along all that farmland. It still seemed impossible that my entire home town was now a Zombie playground. 
Page was right, though, my parents had gone early, because we'd been unprepared. Something I vowed never to be unprepared again, until tonight when I karate kicked my way into these people's lives- literally. These boys made me feel very unprepared for life. 
"You'll never make it through Mexico," Hendrix announced gravely, getting us back on topic.
"We've made it this far," I argued.
"By pure luck and our generosity," he countered.
I snorted at that, "Hardly. We would have made it out just fine. In case you didn't notice, Haley swept up down there."
"Yeah, fine," he bit out. "But now her gun is empty. And how much ammo do you have left, Reagan? You hadn't even drawn your weapon when you came flying through that door. I bet you have less than a handful of bullets left. I bet you're on the last of everything." 
"That's not entirely true. I've got plenty of makeup." I shot him a sassy look and turned an evil glare on Haley. 
"My point exactly," Hendrix growled. 
"Okay, great plan-maker, what's your long term goal? You can't stay here forever. Eventually you two will run out of supplies, water, and food. Then, what?" I was furious by now. Hendrix had made me feel tiny and my plan seemed stupid. It was obnoxious how quickly he could derail me then fluster my every thought. 
"We're heading north," Vaughan replied evenly, not at all as angry as his brother. "Nova Scotia, or anywhere isolated in the Canadian provinces."
"No slavers up north and not as many people turned Zombies to run into," Nelson explained further. "We're going through the Dakotas, taking our time so that we can stay strong, well-fed." 
"Racing your way anywhere, so that you're starving and unarmed is foolish," Hendrix echoed, obviously digging directly at our methods of travel.
"Going the pace of a snail, so that all that glorious land you were gunning for, is occupied and settled, is just as foolish," I growled back. 
"It's not the California Gold Rush, Reagan. You're playing with your lives when you expose yourself like this. You're obviously starved and undersupplied. What would have happened to you if we wouldn't have found you digging through the women's clothing? Where would you have slept tonight?" Hendrix's blue eyes were as deep as the ocean, his face flushed with emotion.
This both bristled and terrified me, "What do you care, Hendrix? We are not your concern. In fact, in T-six hours, we're going to be well on our way, headed toward the other side of the equator than you. Leave it alone." 
	I met his heated stare straight on and dared him to make some kind of contradiction, although I couldn't even imagine what he would say. And apparently neither could he, because he stayed silent, except for the click of his jaw as he ground his teeth in frustration. 
	Vaughan cleared his throat uncomfortably before saying, "Alright, now that we've gotten that settled, its' time for bed, Page." 
	She put up a pathetic attempt at getting out of it, but after a stern look from her older brother, she obeyed by heading off to brush her teeth. 
	Haley and I too, said goodnight to the brothers and walked over to our comfortable room. We laid down on the bed, side by side, our fingers interlocked and our thoughts spinning a mile a minute. 
	I didn't know how to explain to Haley the need I had to go south and the instinct and faith I had in us; I had to keep us moving that direction. And I was guessing, after all the doubts Hendrix had just planted, that she was thinking about what a mistake she had made to follow my lead. Neither of us could voice our thoughts, though, so we stayed quiet. 
	Besides, we'd made it through this day. And in our uncertain lives, each day we survived was enough to be thankful for. 
	Eventually, we both turned so our backs were to each other and our hands on the guns under our pillows. Mine was loaded and ready; Haley's had simply become a security blanket after it had run out of bullets. This wasn't the first time we'd been low on ammo and it would by no means be the last. I was just thankful Nelson had returned it earlier, after they decided we weren't threats. 
	Sleeping on the bed was the most comfortable experience I could remember. I'd finally drifted off in peaceful sublime when the first pounding of a fist sounded loudly through the empty room. 
	Like the hand of a demigod that boomed a rattling echo throughout the room; the fist came down again on the steel barrier that sat melded on those stairs. Another bang and I was sitting up in bed, watching the entire room of brothers, Page and Haley follow suit. I shared a terrified look with Haley as our nightmare became reality. 
	One fist was joined by two, then two more. My heart got caught somewhere in my throat and I rubbed my sleepy eyes roughly. 
	Through the pounding of fists, the low, tell-tale moaning could be heard like an undercurrent of the Grim Reaper's soundtrack. The putrid stench of death floated through the air, and I knew that my peaceful night of sleep was officially at an end. 
	The Feeders had followed us, right up to the top floor of utopia. 
	Looked like we would be checking out a few hours ahead of schedule.

Chapter Four

	"Time to move on?" Haley asked dryly. Her voice was rough with sleep, her blonde hair a rat's nest of messy. 
	"Looks like it," I agreed in an equally raspy voice. Up until this moment I was sleeping better than I had in a very, very long time. And, even though I was ripped from sleep by an impending Zombie infestation, I was at least waking up semi-rested and without a nasty crick in my neck. 
	So, this was much better than most nights.
	"Girls, we're moving out in three minutes." Hendrix stood in the doorway, semi-automatic machine gun held firmly in his hands. Where the hell did he get that? "Throw some shoes on. You don't have time to pack."
	I snorted. "Like, we're not completely ready to go already." 
	Haley and I jumped up from bed and slipped our shoes on while simultaneously throwing on long-sleeved t's over our tank tops. I had my hair knotted on the top of my head and my backpack shouldered in thirty seconds. 
	"Ready," Haley said with a smile. She twirled her empty gun on her index finger and I probably would have laughed if the solid steel over the stairwell hadn't started shaking from the incessant pounding of hungry Zombies out for a midnight snack.
	Hendrix gave us a look of mixed surprise and respect and nodded his head for us to follow him.
	"Do you have any more of those you want to share?" I asked, indicating the machine gun. 
	"Over by Vaughan," he pointed to a table that had been covered by a curtain before. "Take your pick." 
	The table was layered with guns and ammo of every size, shape and power. I walked over in a dazed stupor. Where did all this come from?
	At my look of amazement, Vaughan smirked, "We've been collecting."
"More like hoarding," I moaned excitedly. "I can pick?"
	"Take whatever you want, but make sure you know how to use it," he instructed while strapping on his own guns and filling a second backpack in addition to the one he was already wearing. "We leave in one minute."
	Haley and I shared a smile and loaded up; two semi-automatic hand guns in each palm, several more thrown into the top of our packs with matching ammo and then? that was it.
	"Damn it, the sweats!" Haley groaned. With jeans we could have easily tucked a gun in the back of our waistband, but yoga pants didn't have pockets and weren't tight enough- comfy to sleep in, sucky to run from Zombies in. 
	"We'll be okay," I assured her evenly. "Move your water to your pack and tuck some more guns into the side straps of your backpack."
	"Good idea," she agreed. 
	We did that quickly while Nelson, King and Harrison strapped on their own assortments of guns. By this time the steel bent and groaned with the pressure of so many Feeders pushing against it. It was just a matter of moments before the barrier snapped like a crushed can of soda.
	My heart dropped a little bit when I saw how many guns would get left behind, but there wasn't anything I could do about that or the food that wouldn't make it either. This was survival. We would be fighting our way through who knew how many Zombies; there wasn't time to mourn left-behind peanut butter. 
	Okay, maybe there were five seconds to whimper about it.
	"Let's go," Vaughan called out quietly from in front of the elevators. Despite his effort to keep his voice soft, the Zombie's frantic pounding increased at the sound of life where they couldn't see it.
	We stood in line while Nelson and Vaughan took crowbars to the seamed steelwork that kept the elevators locked up. Page stayed tucked in Harrison's arms through the tense minutes it took to pry the doors apart; and all the while the metal cage above the stairs shifted and swayed. The hungry growls of Feeders only grew louder and more insistent. 
	"This leads to the outside?" I asked Hendrix who had come to stand next to me.
"Eventually," he shrugged. He sounded casual, but he was bouncing on the balls of his feet, his hands fidgeting and eyes continually drifting to Page. He was a ball of energy, completely alert and ready to protect his family. 
	"Alright, well thanks then," I whispered sincerely. Nelson and Vaughan finally got the doors open and pulled a thick wire cable from where the elevator sat idling. They began yanking on it together so that the elevator was raised past the floor and a crawl space was created by a makeshift pulley system. 
	Clever boys.
	"For what?" Hendrix asked with his attention fully on me now.
	"For everything," I shrugged. 
	"You sound like you're expecting to die, Reagan," Hendrix snapped a little louder than I felt comfortable with. The Zombies screeched in reply. "We have an escape plan. You're going to be just fine." 
	I repressed a laugh and admitted, "I know that. But we're headed south and you're headed north. I was just saying thank you before we got separated and I never got the chance to. I mean it, thank you."
	Hendrix looked down at me dumbfounded, like I'd just said the most insane thing. Finally Nelson got the cable securely stabilized and started waving his brothers through. Vaughan went first; he lay down and slid underneath the elevator carriage and waved a hand once he was suspended underneath. I was assuming there were cables or ropes of some kind underneath, although I couldn't see them. Harrison helped Page through the hole, and then we heard Vaughan's encouraging words to her as she shook with fear.
	"Alright, Reagan," Hendrix said softly but firmly, directly in my ear. I shivered as his breath cascaded down my neck and his rumbly voice wrapped around all of my senses. "I get the independence thing, but you're not going south until we get the hell out of here and to safety. You stay directly behind me, you got that."
	I whipped my head around to face him, while Haley crawled into the hole next. "Sweet offer, but I can take care of myself."
	"Never said you couldn't," Hendrix growled. "Stay behind me, got that?"
	"Whatever makes you feel like a man," I sighed, annoyed that I had somehow agreed to his protection without actually agreeing.
	"And we'll talk about going south later," he promised.
	Before I could respond with anything to that kind of crazy talk it was my turn to crawl through the elevator hole. I slid my arms through first and felt for the rope I had to believe would be there. My backpack barely squeezed through with me. Once my hands were firmly holding the thick wire cable, I awkwardly pulled my feet through and straddled the rope. I held on as tightly as I could, but my hands wanted to slip and my feet struggled for footing. 
	A flashlight had been dropped in the shaft and even though it hardly gave off any light, it was like a beacon of hope that promised there was life at the end of this rope. My biceps burned from holding my body up and my feet were planted so firmly against the wall I had no idea how I was going to get down. 
	Suddenly hands slid through the hole and my ass was firmly gripped in Hendrix's arms. 
	"What the hell?" I gasped as he worked something around my waist. 
	"Just," he grunted, snapped a carabineer in place and then breathed out a, "There." 
	He had tied a rope under my bum, supporting my weight and taking the pressure off my arms and hands. I still had to hold most of my weight by myself, but it was easier to move down the wall. Hendrix slid through the hole next and did the same to himself on the rope next to mine.
	"Where are you supposed to stay?" He ground out as we worked our way down the wall, leaning back and painstakingly walking our way down the elevator shaft. 
	I shot him a nasty look, but he couldn't see me because of all the darkness. "Hendrix, are you kidding me?"
	"By me, Reagan. Always, by me," he answered, ignoring my sarcasm. 
	My stomach flipped over at his words and suddenly I felt very sick- whether it was from the sudden onslaught of nerves or foreboding-- I had no idea, but there it was. I shook it off, convincing myself we'd be separated by the time this night was over. 
	The sounds of Harrison and King strapping in above us filled up the oppressive silence; Hendrix and I both fell quiet. Beads of sweat broke out across my forehead and every single muscle in my body burned with the effort to get to the ground.
We eventually hit the smooth concrete floor and started to unstrap without hesitation. Nelson was the last one through the hole above and just as I walked through the pried open elevator doors on the first floor, I heard a slice of a knife through the air, the whip of a taut cable as the pressure was suddenly released and the slam of the elevator back into place, suspended three floors above me.
	"We rigged it so it's not connected to anything, but there's a barrier to keep it from falling down the shaft. It should hold in place for a while. We're just trying to confuse them while we get out of here. But if they follow our scent, the elevator won't hold them for long." Hendrix explained. 
	"Do you think my bloody clothes will confuse them?" I whispered, meanwhile ice cold dread sloshed through my stomach when I realized bloody clothes might have been what drew them here in the first place.
	"Probably," Hendrix agreed.
	"Hey, I'm sorry-"
	"Not now, Reagan," he cut me off and raised his weapon. 
	This section of the first floor was tucked away from the main hubbub of Zombie traffic. I could hear the horde of Feeders above us pounding on steel, desperate to get to live flesh. They were mindless in their hunger, their cognitive thinking long gone and replaced by an addiction, a powerful need that would destroy the human race all together if we couldn't figure out a way to permanently survive their constant attacks. 
	Vaughan and Haley waited for us along the wall, their backs up against it, their guns drawn and pointed readily. Page stayed tucked between them, shouldering her own light pack, but weapon-free. This floor was lit up by the moonlight flooding through broken windows and plowing through walls. There were a few decaying bodies lying throughout the area, their stench choking in its ferocity; the sound of buzzing flies was the only thing to break up the cacophony of Feeder sounds above.
	Finally, King, Harrison and Nelson were at ground level and ready to bolt. We waited for Vaughan's command and then we set out. Hendrix led the way, with Haley and me directly behind him; Nelson and Page were next, then King and Harrison. Vaughan brought up the rear like an expert. I was shocked at the level of precision these boys operated with. They were like a fluid, well-trained military unit. And I expected the older ones to be comfortable with weapons, they would have grown used to them the same way Haley and I had. But Harrison and King were just as proficiently in control. 
	We stepped our way carefully through the debris and bodies on the floor, working toward a section of the wall that had been blown out by? something. It was hard to decipher, since the debris around it was blackened and charred but not obliterated. 
	Just as Hendrix stepped through the hole, his gun went off in his hand- on purpose; but it scared the living hell out of me. A strangled moan sounded and the body of a wandering Feeder slumped to the ground. 
	We all let out a collective breath that lasted half a second. The sound of Hendrix's gun rang through the night and the pounding upstairs stopped immediately. It was like I could feel the attention of the horde shift from that metal box to our position downstairs.
	The hairs on my neck prickled stiffly, just before all pandemonium broke loose. Hendrix looked back over his shoulder, sharing a look with someone behind me before his eyes met mine in steely determination. 
	"With me," he mouthed and just as I gave him a nod of agreement he took of sprinting. 
	I heard Nelson scoop Page up and the boys behind us pounded pavement as Hendrix led the way out of there. 
	The sounds of crashing metal echoed through the night and Zombies started charging us from every direction. They flooded the small Missouri downtown like waters invading space after a dam broke. They were everywhere, in every direction, ravaging the space between them and us. 
	They were mindless, yes, easily killed if you got a good shot to the head; it helped that they were no longer freely thinking human beings. But they were excellent hunters, obsessed with only one thing- eating. Usually they wandered slowly, stumbling around. But if there was a strong enough scent to grab their attention, if they were starving or focused on a kill, they could be faster than any normal human being and more cunning than humanly possible. 
	That was the state they were in now. Our skirmish earlier must have triggered something, or they were learning to communicate with each other, because there were more Feeders in this area than I had ever seen in one place. There were tons of them, at least fifty and they were ravenous as they chased us down. 
	Hendrix seemed to know where he was going and I pushed my body to its very limits to keep up with him. My pack was heavy and awkward, it was not comfortable to run with guns in both hands and if I was honest, my pants were kind of slipping down. None of that mattered though. All I had to do was run for my life, get away from these Feeders and believe Hendrix had a plan.
	Oh my god, let him have a plan.
	"Reagan, to your left!" Vaughan called out from behind me and without thinking or slowing I turned to the left and started shooting. On the third shot I hit the Feeder in the throat, adjusted my aim and fired off another shot that landed directly between his eyes before he crumbled to the ground. 
	I breathed a short sigh of relief before sucking it right back in. They were everywhere, seemingly coming from all directions. They were bloodied, their faces simultaneously slack and fierce. Their eyes were bright with hunger, and their hands clawed at the air in front of them, desperate to capture a meal. The stench of death and decay permeated the air, and my eyes watered against the ferocity of it. 
	Guns started firing in every direction. We closed in on each other, while still moving forward. Nelson moved into the middle, Page clutched against his chest, her screams echoing in the space that wasn't filled with gunshots or the ravening sounds of Feeders.
	Finally we reached an abandoned mechanic's garage, with the lift gate still in place. Hendrix lunged for the rope that connected at the bottom and would pull up the heavy door. 
	"Reagan, Haley, help them cover me," Hendrix shouted while using brute strength to lift the gates. 
	Zombie after Zombie was felled as our unit shot proficiently. Haley and I had stopped missing our targets a while ago, and I could tell these guys were in the same place. It wasn't that I was born with this natural talent or even harbored some kind of intuitive skill. This capability, to get a Feeder directly between the eyes in one shot, was born out of necessity to live and lack of easily disposable ammunition. I didn't have time or resources to waste shots and I really didn't have any desire to become one of them or die gruesomely at their hands. 
	All it would take was one bite for my brain to stop processing coherent thoughts and concepts and my mouth to start watering specifically for living flesh. Just one, bloody, skin-breaking bite. 
	And if I got lucky, then I would just suffer through one of them eating me completely. That wouldn't be a fast death, or a welcome one. 
	Those thoughts were what fueled each pull of the trigger, each perfectly aimed shot. Those were the thoughts that kept me relentless, kept me focused. 	
	No matter how many guns we aimed at the crowd, it just seemed to keep growing. They were coming from everywhere. We weren't stopping them, only holding them off, but I knew this couldn't last. There were just not enough of us, and way too many of them! 
	"Hendrix, we have to get out of here now!" Vaughan shouted over his shoulder. 
	With a powerful grunt of force, I heard the garage door lift open all the way just as a gush of stifled air escaped the cage the garage had created and washed over my back. 
	We kept shooting, even more fervently now that our means of escape was exposed. We were the closest to safety we had been yet, at the same time the most vulnerable to death. 
	With an almost superhumanly quick glance over my shoulder I saw a gunmetal gray Hummer just waiting to take us to safety. 
	"For real?" I whooshed out a breath of relief. 
	"Always have a backup plan, Reagan," Hendrix breathed over my shoulder. His right arm was aimed high and he was back to shooting the semi-circle of Zombies that had closed in around us. With his free hand, he snaked his arm around my waist and pulled me back against his chest. I was too focused to be surprised or react, but I would definitely be analyzing that move to death if I survived this. 
	As one we started backing toward the car, until Vaughan called out the order to go. 
	We all dove for the Hummer, Hendrix never let up his grip on my waist until I was sufficiently shoved into third row back seat. Haley scrambled up after me. Page was tossed in on the other side and Nelson, King and Harrison crawled into the second row seating. Vaughan and Hendrix were the last to jump in the front seat, with Vaughan driving. He started the vehicle immediately, keys already in the ignition. 
	All the windows were rolled down, which seemed unsafe to me at first and I expected them to get rolled up before we took off. Instead, every brother but Vaughan, who was driving, aimed their guns out the window and began shooting while Vaughan plowed ahead through the tightening ranks of Feeders. 
	Haley and I threw our bodies over Page, maneuvering her in between us, and then covered our ears as gunshot after gunshot rang out loudly in the night. The poor child quaked with fear, screaming at the top of her lungs, but the sound was drowned out by the heavy gun fire. 
	The Zombies came without pause, and the guys shot back just as fiercely. The only break in their incessant shooting was when they needed to grab a different gun or quickly and expertly reload the one they were using. 
	Vaughan's window was a glaring weak spot, since he couldn't shoot and drive at the same time and that was where the Zombies seemed to focus. Nelson did his best as he leaned out the window and King climbed up through the sunroof and stood on the seat so he could pick them off from his bird's eye view. 
	Vaughan plunged forward, through the crowd that would happily eat us; he knocked bodies over right and left without managing to kill them. I glanced through the back window only to watch them rise again, sometimes dragging barely hanging body parts with them- such was their need to feed, the addiction to warm flesh. So desperate were they that they could no longer feel their own pain until they felt the kill shot to the brain. 
	They were swarming us now, rocking the car as Vaughan stomped on the gas, but got nowhere. A clawed, curled finger swiped through Harrison's window, clawing at the seat where it missed Harrison, only to have him hit it a second later with a bullet through the eye. Blood splattered all over the outside of the car, and on the inside of the door; smelly, decaying bits of flesh stuck everywhere they landed. 
	My stomach rolled, but I kept it together. I had to. There was no losing it, not this close to safety. 
	Finally, fed up with our slow progress, Hendrix let out a loud growl of frustration and swung his body out the passenger window. Holding on to the roof with his inside arm, he aimed his semi-automatic machine gun and let loose on everything in front of us. Zombies en masse were felled by the spray of his gun, eventually clearing a path for Vaughan and the gigantic Hummer.
	Vaughan stomped down on the accelerator; we were thrown back against our seats as the car finally made forward progression. Hendrix cursed as the momentum swung him precariously from his window ledge perch and his gun shot off in the air. 
	Once he regained his balance, he swiftly traded his multiple-fire weapon for a simpler handgun and picked off the stragglers as they held on with scary strong hands. One by one, they were released from our vehicle and this life, and we were left to breathe through the remaining adrenaline and finally palpable silence. 
	This strip of road was clear, and hopefully stayed clear for a while, although I knew that was too much to ask. Eventually there would be debris; eventually the Hummer would run out of gas. But right now, we had transportation and all of our limbs. No one was lost tonight, well, no one that could still be considered of-the-living. And Haley and I had held on to our packs. 
	Vaughan rolled up the windows when everyone, and every gun, was safely tucked back inside; we sat in silence for twenty more minutes before anyone made a sound. Haley and I kept our arms wrapped around a still trembling Page, and each other.
	Tonight had been a close freaking call.
	We'd had them before, but suddenly with Hendrix, Vaughan and all their siblings, the stakes seemed incredibly higher- there were way more people that could die. 
	When my heart started to beat a normal rhythm again and the Zombies were miles behind us, I found my strength and spoke up. "You can drop us anywhere, Vaughan. The sun should be up soon and we don't want to get too far off course."
	"Reagan," Haley whispered and nodded her head in the direction of the just rising sun- to our left. 
	"Oh, that's probably not necessary," Vaughan coughed out, keeping his eyes firmly on the road in front of us. 
	"Turns out you sold us on the south, Reagan," Hendrix explained evenly. He turned in his seat so he could look me in the eye. "Remember what we agreed earlier?"
	My heart slammed into my chest, coming to a complete stop before starting up again at an insane pace. He couldn't possibly mean that he wanted me to stay with him- always. I shook my head to indicate I didn't remember what he was talking about. 
	We just met. 
	There wasn't anything between us to where he would risk his life for me. He had a family to think about, a little sister who was curled into my side so tightly it was painful- not that I would ever push her way. But for all I knew, I was leading them on a suicide mission. And the reluctant hope that started to flare in my chest when I thought this man, this incredibly loyal, capable man, wanted me was way more emotion than I was ready to deal with. 
	"You don't remember?" Hendrix asked with narrowed eyes. "Then we'll talk about it later. I'll help you remember." His voice was smooth sex appeal as it washed over my body; I shivered involuntarily. 
	My breathing became shallow as I felt the distant pang of butterflies attack my stomach. Hendrix turned back around in his seat, his shoulders back, his posture commanding and dominant, even while he sat down. 
	Haley grabbed my knee and squeezed tightly at the same time she dropped her head to hide a smile. Looking up at me from under her still messy hair, she shot me a mischievous wink. It was overdramatic enough that I finally cracked a smile and let out a whoosh of air. 
	That was until I glanced back up and caught Vaughan's angry stare in the review mirror. The rising sun provided just enough light that I could see his attention was firmly fixed on me, his emotions roiling behind his dark blue eyes.
	His expression made me rethink every bit of relief I'd just felt. With a more confident voice than I felt, I argued, "Really, you don't have to change your entire life plans for us. Haley and I can make it. And you have Page to think about." 
	Vaughan and Hendrix both shot forward in their seats, ready to argue with me, but it was Nelson's calm voice of reason that brought the final decision to a head. "Reagan, we'd already decided to stick with you girls before the Zombie's attacked tonight. We're safer with numbers, especially knowing that you ladies can actually use those guns you cradle around. There are not that many decent living beings left on this planet, probably best we stick together when we find each other."
	"And you're not going to try to convince us to go north?" I asked carefully, ready for the other shoe to drop.
	"Not yet," Hendrix replied. "We didn't know anybody up there with a firsthand account; we were just reaching at straws. With that phone call you had with your dad's cousin you have more than we ever had."
	"Alright," I breathed out slowly.
	"Alright," Vaughan echoed.
	"Alright," Haley snickered, apparently still amused with Hendrix. 
	"At least it will be exciting," Harrison spoke for the first time since I'd met him. 
	We all let out a charged laugh. The atmosphere in the Hummer relaxed a little, even while all our eyes stayed sharply focused on the horizon and every other direction. The morning sun was rising in the east and we had at least a few more miles of clear road ahead of us. We survived the night, made new friends and our weapon's store, although admittedly depleted after our Battle Royall, was greatly improved since the night before. 
We survived another night.
And with any luck we would survive another one. 
Harrison was right, this would be exciting.
Along with a whole hell of a lot of other things in this world of decay.
I looked down at Page, who had released her tight grip on me and finally fallen asleep, and then over at my best friend in the whole world who had miraculously survived with me this far. 
Okay, things would be exciting in this world of love and decay.

The rest of Season One is now available for Amazon, Barnes and Noble, iBooks and Kobo.
Season Two is also available. 
If you enjoyed Episode One, find out how Reagan and friends battle through the rest of the Zombie Apocalypse.

About the Author

Rachel Higginson was born and raised in Nebraska, but spent her college years traveling the world. She married her high school sweetheart and spends her days raising their growing family. She is obsessed with bad reality TV and any and all Young Adult Fiction.


Look for more from Rachel in 2014.


Other books by Rachel to be released in 2014 are Bet on Me, an NA contemporary romance, The Redeemable Prince, the seventh and final book in The Star-Crossed Series, The Heart, the third and final book in the Siren Series and The Five Stages of Falling in Love, an adult contemporary love story.

Other Books Out Now by Rachel Higginson:

Reckless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 1)
Hopeless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 2)
Fearless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 3)
Endless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 4)
The Reluctant King (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 5)
The Relentless Warrior (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6)
Breathless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6.5)
Fateful Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6.75)
The Redeemable Prince (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 7) coming September, 2014

Heir of Skies (The Starbright Series, Book 1)
Heir of Darkness (The Starbright Series, Book 2)
Heir of Secrets (The Starbright Series, Book 3)

The Rush (The Siren Series, Book 1)
The Fall (The Siren Series, Book 2)
The Heart (The Siren Series, Book 3) coming November, 2014

Love and Decay (Season One)
Love and Decay (Season Two)

Bet on Us (An NA Contemporary Romance)
Bet on Me (An NA Contemporary Romance) coming fall 2014

The Five Stages of Falling in Love coming December 2014


Follow Rachel on her blog at:
www.rachelhigginson.com

Or on Twitter:
@mywritesdntbite

Or on her Facebook page:
Rachel Higginson



