Black Snow

Jon Tattrie




Copyright 2013 Jon Tattrie
Smashwords Edition
All Rights Reserved



Chapter One


I wake screaming, lunging forward, arms and legs kicking out. I’m on my feet running, stumbling along the mud wall, hollering, but I can’t escape. I collide with the trench and kick and hit at it in a panic. I punch and scream and punch and scream and something gives. I pull back for another blow when a soft voice reaches me.
“Tommy,” she whispers, a cool wind in an inferno. “Breathe, breathe …”
I pound on the trench, but the voice has caught me. “Breathe, breathe … come back, Tommy …”
Fear subsides, the mud walls fades into the bedroom in our rundown little house on Rector Street. Evie is rubbing my back, whispering. My heart slows, my breathing settles. My right hand is a fist aimed at the wall. More holes. More repairs.
I’ve been home from the frontlines for three months, but my head keeps lurching back to the battlefields. This is Halifax, not Europe. I’ve left the war behind.
Breathe.
“Tommy, you’re home,” Evie whispers, eyes on mine. I blink. Again. When I come back enough to see her, she smiles. I smile. Sniff. Laugh at myself.
“Jesus,” I mutter, shaking my hand. Cut, but not badly. She picks it up and kisses it. “I’m sorry, Evie.” My voice shakes.
“Not your fault,” she says, smile widening. She puts her arms around my neck and pulls me to her body. She had nice curves when I left, but she’s skinny now. I can feel her heart through her threadbare nightdress, beating as fast as mine. It’s freezing cold in here, colder than outside.
“When I get that promotion at work, I’ll buy you a cashmere nightgown,” I promise, rubbing my nose on hers. She grins, kisses me on the lips.
“Does that mean I won’t need to snuggle as close to you?” she pouts.
I pause, making a show of thinking.
“When I get that promotion at work, I’ll buy a shed load of coal, so we can sleep in the nude.”
She gapes at me. “Mr. Joyce, not in front of the children,” she says, rubbing her little bump. She’s two months pregnant.
“Mrs. Joyce, a work of art should not be concealed by canvas,” I counter.
She laughs. Punches me in the shoulder and disappears into the bathroom. Our house counts as fancy in Richmond, because we don’t have to share the communal toilet at the foot of the street.
I pull back the corner of the tattered curtain, peering out into the bright winter morning. The dingy streets of Halifax’s north end are busy with workers making their way to the factories. I’ve been staring at this street all my life, apart from the years fighting in Europe. My brother and I shared the room down the hall that Evie uses for her drawing, when we can afford paper and pencils. This room was my parents’. So was the bed and just about everything else in the house. Evie and I haven’t been able to afford to update it, so it’s classic early 1900s poor-people’s style.
I let the faded yellow curtain fall back over the dirty window. Evie tries to keep it clean, but the factories churn out grimy air twenty-four hours a day to feed the war machine.
I go to the kitchen and start up the stove, pushing a thin wave of warmth into the house. I can still see my breath. I go to the bedroom sink, splashing cold water on my face. My smile crumbles. My hands shake. As I towel myself dry, Evie comes back in the bedroom and, with a mischievous wink, drops her nightdress.
I widen my eyes and make lustful advances.
“Tut tut! Time for work, not play,” she says coyly, spinning toward the wardrobe. Her back is still bruised. I wonder if the neighbours heard this time.
“Evie, I’m so sorry,” I start.
She cuts me off: “You’ve been through a lot – we’ve been through a lot – and we’ll get through this. It just takes time.”
I nod, close my eyes. Sigh.
She dresses in her warmest clothes – the same grey wool dress she wears every day except for Sunday, and the same heavy grey sweater.
We sit at the ancient table for tea and an egg. There are pots and pans everywhere. Evie had to start selling things while I was gone and she started with my mother’s good hutch. Now there’s nowhere to put all the dishes that were in it, so they sit as tidily as Evie can make it – on the floor, by the old, stained sink, under the table. The hutch went to a rich man in the south end. He said it was a collector’s piece. I’ve walked past his grand house at night and glanced in the window. He’s got some really fancy china in it.
After breakfast, Evie hands me my lunch as I head out the door.
“Ham sandwich?” I ask.
She smiles and shakes her head. “No such luck, Mr. Fancy. We ran out of ham Tuesday. No more till Monday.”
It’s Thursday.
Black snow storms into my head. I hear my voice swearing at Evie, see my hands pushing her away, throwing the paperbag lunch across the kitchen. I swipe at the stack of pots, sending them crashing to the wood floor with a terrible clatter. I’m looking for something else to break, but there’s not much left. Evie holds my eyes with all her strength, speaking calmly. I focus on that lighthouse and swim out of the dark waters. I bury my head in my hands.
She hugs me again, rubs my nose with hers.
“We’ll get through this,” she says with a smile, not quite hiding the sadness. “You will get better.”
I pick my lunch up off the floor, pull on my coat and hat. We kiss at the doorway and part in silence. I head to the sugar refinery, walking past the runty homes on Rector Street, down steeply to the waterfront. The bright sun glitters on the water. It’s busy already, as the city prepares to send another convoy across the Atlantic. Ships chug in and out of the harbour. Horses and wagons clatter along the roads. It’s a beautiful day.



Chapter Two


A naked sailor staggers through the smoking ruins, his charred skin feathered with peels of white blisters, a roof shingle nailed to his hand.
“Where am I?” he slurs through a broken face, eyes staring wildly at nothing. I shake my head, gaping at the suddenly birthed hell all around me. Buildings burn and hot black snow falls from the smoldering sky. I’m crumpled on my side, arm crushed under me, screaming in agony. I silence myself, but the screaming goes on. A wailing, like a knife slicing through glass, pierces my ear as a flaming chunk of metal tumbles from the sky and cracks the sailor on the side of his head, knocking his white hat sideways. He stumbles, falls to the ground.
A young woman stripped to her corset pulls herself off the sidewalk and starts to run, but a gash in her leg sends her back down. She crumples to the ground and rolls, clutching her wound.
The house next to me collapses on itself. Someone shouts from the basement, trapped under the rubble. As I lurch to my feet to help, the coals from the tipped-over fireplace set the wreckage alight. The screaming intensifies with the roaring of the inferno. I run to the home, joined by the black ghosts of those still breathing, but the fire is devouring the building like kindling. The front of the house is buckled in, punched back by the force of the blast. A decapitated corpse hangs out the second-storey window and I don’t know where to start. The screaming is coming from under the rubble, so I pull back the heavy timber. It’s red-hot, but my hands are cold with the winter chill. I hear a woman screaming, “My baby! My baby!”
The screaming loses language, becomes something primal. There are five of us in there now, but it’s like shovelling the ocean–debris piles up where we’ve cleared space. The howling is deep, raw.
It stops.
Other voices take up the cry.
One of the would-be rescuers stands still, clutching his throat, like he’s just realized his neck’s bleeding. He collapses into the burning wreckage. I drag him into the street but he’s already dead. I roll him over to check his pulse, but his neck’s chopped open, the front of his blackened shirt darkly stained.
In the bowels of the next house over, two men frantically dig through the fiery rubble. One shouts excitedly and I go to help. A big man crouches like Samson in the basement, his arms spread out to hold apart two beams that cross his shoulders. Soot-streaked sweat pours down his face like Niagara Falls. Between his trembling legs lies an unconscious woman. If the beams fall, she’s gone. We pull debris off her and the younger fellow hauls her out by her armpits. She’s still breathing and there’s no obvious wound on her.
We pull her to safety and return to the big man. He’s stuck there under the weight of the fallen house, but the ground’s on fire. We shove at the beams but can’t budge them. His pant legs catch light. The young fellow gives the beams a big push and they fall down to the side. The big man gives a yelp and goes down.
“God!” shouts the older man. “There was a spike in one of those beams! It’s got his lung.”
The young fellow takes control – he’s got that soldier’s calm about him. He rips the dress off the unconscious woman and uses it to wrap the wound of the big man.
He sits back once that’s done.
“If we move him, we’ll probably kill him,” the young fellow muses. “If we leave him here, he’ll burn. Oh Christ – is there anything on wheels around here?”
A search of what was the backyard turns up a wheelbarrow. The two men set the wounded pair in as gently as they can. With a quick nod of thanks to me, they struggle down the hill, trying not to lose the heavy load. They soon vanish in the smoke.
I look around, trying to see where I am, but the sooty fog obscures the city. There are bodies everywhere, smashed together in the wreckage, hanging off lampposts and draped over the telegraph wires. A young couple clutching a baby stand screaming on the second floor of a burning house. Flames have incinerated most of the first floor and are minutes away from the family. I pull myself in that direction but a young man gets there first.
“Throw him down!” he hollers through cupped hands. The woman shakes her head and the man with her tries to grab the baby. Hysterical, she fights him off. The flames are poking through the floor now. The husband puts an arm around her, talks. She nods.
Locking eyes with the young man on the street, she says a prayer and tosses her baby down.
The man catches it cleanly, then holds it out like he’s never touched a baby before.
The man comes next, leaping out over the flames and crumpling on the street.
“Come on!” he shouts up to his wife, but she’s terrified, holding her belly.
The back of the house collapses under the heat and the front leans backward. She screams, leaps to the street. She hits and rolls. Her husband is there and she jumps to her feet to grab her baby. Everyone’s crying.
The woman says she pregnant.
I try to stop myself hyperventilating and scan the devastation.



Chapter Three


I had seen the crash – a stupid thing, one ship sailing down the wrong side of the Narrows and cruising right into a second ship, like two drunks failing to get out of each other’s way. The Mont Blanc, an ugly old rust box, was making her way to Bedford Basin after arriving late and spending the night on the outside of the submarine nets. The Imo, heading to the ocean, was going too fast: the huge sign painted red on its side screamed Belgian Relief, driving me back to those bleak trenches where I lost half my mind, but not all my body, so they kept sending me into the hungry guns of Europe’s Great War.
My brain buckled at the sight of it, but the dockmen were laughing at the idiocy of others, so I pulled myself back. I’d had enough of the darkness – any light would do.
The ships whistled angrily at each other, neither changed course, then both changed course, heading straight for each other. The nose of the Imo crashed into the right side of the Mont Blanc’s bow, tearing a huge gash in her. After the mighty crunch, the ships parted, one listing toward Dartmouth, the other toward Halifax. A fire broke out on the deck of that one, the Mont Blanc, shooting up in sparks, rolling around the dozens of barrels.
A burly man next to me spotted the crew of the Mont Blanc rowing like madmen toward Dartmouth. You could make out the chef, still in his whites. The stevedore cupped his hands over his mouth and shouted, “Run, Frenchies, run!”
They didn’t worry about that, but as soon as they put their boats in at the old Mi’kmaq village, they ran up the hill past the white wigwams and into the woods like the devil was after them.
“Come back!” the burly man hollered across the Narrows to them, laughing. “We’re fighting on the same side this time!”
“They must’ve seen the big Martello Tower as they came in, figured we’d lynch them for revenge on Napoleon,” he joked to the other stevedores. In peace, the sleepy city bristled with guns aimed at the empty ocean, dreaming of invasion. In war, the wakened city found its purpose.
The burning ship full of barrels wandered toward Pier 6. Beside me, hundreds of men stopped work to watch the flaming ship under a crisp blue sky and behind me, every woman and child in north-end Halifax pressed their noses to the windows for a better view of the tower of smoke. Children on their way to school stopped to stare. The rooftops were crawling with spectators as the big ship loomed in on the shore like a Viking funeral boat.
The 8:30 a.m. ferry made its way across the harbour, the hundred commuters on the top deck pointing and staring.
I looked up at Richmond for a while, feeling like an actor on stage. I caught eyes with a little boy standing in his living room a few streets up. His head barely made it over the windowsill, even on tiptoes. His nose was pressed to the glass and he was smiling. I waved at him and he waved back, shyly. His mother put a hand on his head. A little girl joined them.
Families came out on their front porches to watch. A mother tried to get her toddler son interested in the show, lifting him up so he could see over the rail, but the boy was focused on his toy soldier.
Office workers packed the bridge over the Richmond rail yards and a cluster of school kids stood staring from the edge.
Three blonde girls who had to be sisters abandoned their trip to school to run down across the bridge for a better view. The eldest, maybe fifteen, hoisted the littlest up onto her shoulders, putting a steadying hand on her legs. They wore matching blue coats.
I glanced at my watch. 8:42 a.m. They’d be on their way to school for 9 a.m. prayers. Made me think I should be at the refinery soon, to punch the clock. There had been layoffs already and the place was up for sale. The Dartmouth refinery was taking a lot of the work. I was still the new man and didn’t want to chance being late, even for a spectacle like what the Mont Blanc was putting on. I’d seen plenty of explosions in the war.
A bang turned me back to the show, ragging on my trench nerves. One of the barrels burst off the deck of the Mont Blanc, shooting way up into the air, then exploding like a firework. The men on the docks all clapped and laughed, as did the sailors lining the ships at anchor. They leaned on the railings, whistled to their friends. This imperial outpost far from the battlefields rarely got a performance this good.
The hot remains of the barrel fell into the harbour with a crash and a sizzle.
Bells, horns and brakes squealing announced the slick red truck pulling up next to me, the dockmen diving out of the way and cursing the moustached driver.
“Make way, make way!” he shouted. This was the Patricia, Halifax’s shimmering firefighting machine. Freshly polished, she looked like the future. I recognized some of the crew. I hadn’t seen them since I’d been back, so nodded. They nodded back, uneasy. Those who had stayed home usually didn’t know what to say to those of us who’d gone overseas. We didn’t know what to say to them, either.
The old, horse-drawn fire wagons rattled up beside us. The heat was intense as the big ship nosed in. Hoses were unfurled when the Mont Blanc kissed the end of the long pier.
The fire chief and his driver deputy rolled up in his car, jumping out and taking control. I couldn’t see what use they’d be on a big blaze like that, but I’d seen their type before – officers who acted like the heavens asked their permission before turning the lights out for the day. He shouted at us to stand back, but nobody moved. Firefighters raced down the pier to greet the inferno.
Another barrel blasted up into the blue, exploding to cheers.
Boats gathered around the Mont Blanc. The crews lined the decks as the Niobe sent a small steam tender out to the abandoned ship, planning on pulling the crippled vessel out to sea to deal with it there. A tug called the Stella Maris had the same idea, and the same lack of success. There was nobody left onboard the Mont Blanc, so it was like trying to hook a rope to the sky. The Stella Maris turned its hoses on the ship and the pier, too, pumping harbour water onto them. It made no difference. The Mont Blanc was a giant falling down and nothing would stop it hitting earth. Its prow crashed into the dock, shaking the whole wharf.
A newspaper man scurried up beside me, notebook out. Young fellow, excited to be first on the scene of a big story.
“Jack Krauss, Daily Echo,” he said, shaking hands. He asked me if I’d seen what happened and I opened my mouth to speak when the world blew up and I was flying, spinning in a vacuum of silence, watching a heavy anchor travel over me, thinking this was death. An invisible wall of steel crushed the city beneath me. I crashed to the ground. Everything went black.



Chapter Four


My coat is gone. So is my hat and my left shoe. Water trickles into my mouth. I send my good arm to my face and pull it away, damp. Blood. Somewhere on my head I’m bleeding, but I can’t tell where. Maybe everywhere.
A woman in a dirty white dress crawls out of a heap of burning timber across the road. Her hair is brown, same as Evie’s. She gets to her feet, pressing her right hand to her face, holding a limp baby with her left and walks off. A spooked horse gallops past dragging a broken buggy, a huge shard of glass piercing the animal’s side.
A wind clears some of the black from the sky and I can see a monstrous cloud towering over the Narrows. I’m on Fort Needham hill, a quarter mile from the pier. Dazed, I wonder where Richmond is, imagining it’s been picked up like Dorothy’s house, carried on a wind and deposited safely in some Emerald City.
I fall as I walk, landing on something soft. It’s a woman twisted against a wall and I start to apologize, but she’s dead.
A man in a torn black coat runs up the hill, screaming, “The Germans are attacking! The Germans are attacking!”
I want to correct him, but can’t speak. My head’s not working and I can’t think straight. Broken people run past me as fast as they can, fleeing the fires of the north end.
A young man in a long soldier’s coat jogs past, sees I’m alive. “We need all the help we can get!” he tells me, calm in the hysteria.
I stare at him, unable to work out a plan, fresh shell-shock wrecking my mind. But he grabs me and hauls me to my feet, so I follow him toward the docks. Hundreds run the other way.
“The magazine’s going to blow!” one of them hollers. Half of the Allies’ fire power is packed in our little city. It’s enough to kill all the Germans, and certainly enough to finish off Halifax. I look to the young soldier for confirmation.
He shakes his head. “Let them run. It won’t blow. There’re people that need our help.”
We run down the hill against the crowd. He’s breathing easy, but I’m panting. It’s hard to find a path through the overturned town. Something’s poking my lungs and my head is floating off my neck. The young man turns to me, worried now. I start to fall over and he catches me.
“You all right?” he asks, a trained eye on mine. “My name’s Ben,” he says, offering me his blackened hand.
“Thomas,” I say, shaking his hand. It’s bloody. His red hair is smeared with blood.
“You’re bleeding,” I tell him. “The whole city is bleeding.”
“I need to find my wife.” Ben’s face grows grim. “Where is she?”
“Rector Street.”
He closes his eyes for a second. When he opens them, the sadness has disappeared.
“She’s fine. All the injured are being moved to the hospitals – I’ll take you there after.”
I nod, follow him down to the water.
Pier 6 is gone, the burning ship is gone, and so are all the people. It’s like the killing fields of Flanders all over again.
Where it’s not on fire, the ground is damp.
“Tidal wave,” Ben explains. “The Mont Blanc blew a good chunk of the harbour into the city. Swept people back out, too. They say it was a twelve-foot tidal wave, sent boats flying up on the street, then dragged anything it could get hold of back to the sea.”
We pass the Patricia, or her snarled dark twin. She’s flipped upside down some distance from where she parked, wheels slowly spinning. No sign of the firemen. The Stella Maris is sitting awkwardly inland, bashed and beached near where the pier was. Other ships list in the turbulent harbour. The bodies of sailors bob along the grey waves, then slip beneath the surface. A great hole slices across the middle of four cargo ships, like the Grim Reaper had driven his scythe straight through them.
A buckled house has ejected its occupants into the street – four mourners, now dead, heaped around a busted coffin. The old man inside the box looks distinguished, wearing a nice suit. The blast shook him loose, and it looks like he’s trying to get out of the casket.
Ben leads me up the hill, through a gap in a fancy gate. Stone posts and a wrought-iron fence, half gone. A group of soldiers dig through the smashed wood and plaster of a destroyed building behind it. I’ve lived in the north end my whole life and I can’t even guess where I am.
Ben walks up to an officer and offers a smart salute. The two exchange words and Ben points toward me. The officer nods and dismisses Ben.
“Start digging,” Ben says as he jogs to me. “We need every hand we can get. This is the orphanage.”
I do what I’m ordered to do.
It’s the Protestant orphanage on Campbell Road. I walk past it most days, see the raggedy children in its yard, but have never talked to them.
I start picking up beams and chunks of plaster and throwing them behind me. It’s hard going and my mind keeps blanking out. There’s plaster and glass everywhere. I find myself trying to pull a warped nail out of a board for ages before I realize what I’m doing and toss it behind me. There’s a peace in picking up the pieces of the house and stacking them, so I keep at it. There’re thirty of us now, tunnelling through the silent ruins. The streets are full of screaming, mangled people staggering around. An old man stumbles along in just his pants, his skinny chest blackened, bare feet scraping along the ground. He’s pawing at his eyes like they’re boiling in his head. A woman grabs his elbow, leads him to where he can at least sit down.
I see a naked man whose face is seared off, his skinless cheeks surrounding his lifeless eyes, stuck in that thousand-mile stare. He’s letting loose an awful death roar. He walks right into a twisted tree and falls. He doesn’t get up, and no one helps him. I’m glad he’s stopped screaming.
Something hits me in the back. Ben.
“Hey, dig!” he barks, staring into me. I stare back, but it’s like I can’t see him. He’s too thin. The air’s too thick.
“Thomas!” he says, slapping me. I blink hard, come back to the present.
“There’s maybe a hundred kids in this building – we’ve got to get to them fast, before they burn to death, or suffocate. You’ve got to help,” he commands, calm, practiced. It works and I go back to digging.
More soldiers arrive – they’ve got a horse. Big beams are roped up, then tied to the horse, who’s whipped until he hauls the beam upright, so it towers above the smoking orphanage like the cross over Golgotha, then collapses out into the street. They hitch up another beam. It feels like we dig for hours, but it’s not been thirty minutes. My hands are bloody but it’s so cold I don’t feel anything. The smoke’s mostly cleared from the sky, leaving it innocent blue again.
I hear a desolate cry and keep on digging. I hear voices now, lower.
“In the basement.”
“Must be at least thirty of ’em.”
“Teachers, too.”
“Thought they’d be safe down there.”
“Nowhere’s safe.”
Bodies get hauled out of the deep earth beside me, broken babies disinterred from a hungry grave. Uniforms, tattered even before the blast knifed through them. Shoes, socks missing. Little girl in a pretty skirt, her head smashed in by a stone. Scarred boys with no arms. A woman pulled up, revealing a pile of dead kids under her. They all get stacked. The officer shouts for a hearse, but nothing happens. He bites his lower lip, covers his eyes, pinches his nose, and the soldiers look away. He shakes himself right.
“Right, men. Fall in!”
Soldiers line up in front of him. He shouts at them and they march off to another part of hell.
I’m still digging. I hear screaming children and I don’t know why the soldiers are leaving. I shout at them to stop, to come back and help, but they disappear into the maelstrom. I see faces in the ruins, my long-dead sister, my unborn child, my Evie. She’s dead a hundred times, but I know she’s alive. She’s holding her breath and I’ve got seconds to save her. I cut my hand on something sharp. The warm blood feels good. I find another little boy in that Hades and pull him out, pushing on his chest, shaking him, screaming at him.
“Thomas!” a voice shouts, but it’s nothing to do with me. I’m working a miracle here.
Ben shoves me hard into the dirt and wood, takes the body from me. I’m lying in a hole on my back, staring up. Ben holds the blue-skinned boy gently, his head dangling down one side, legs over the other. They go over the top of the pit I’ve dug.
Ben comes back and squats next to me.
“You’ve been here before,” he says, quietly. “You’re a soldier.” I nod.
“I’ve seen those eyes before. There’s nothing left here,” he tells me. “I’ve got to go,” he says. “You’ve got to go too.”
I’m in a fog, my brain isn’t working.
“I need to find my wife,” I say, tasting the kiss she left me with that morning. “You said you’d take me to her.”
Ben looks at me hard.
“Rector Street is gone. The whole north end is gone. The whole damn city is gone. What didn’t get blown up by the explosion burned to the ground. I’m sorry, Thomas, but your wife is dead.”
But he doesn’t know that. He can’t know that. I push away from him, crawl out of the hole, heading home.
The preacher tells his girl he’s sorry and drives the saw through the ruins as she moans. He cuts her free in a few minutes, burning chunks of the house falling on his back. He pulls her out and she’s screaming and crying and half-naked, clutching her daddy tight. He carries her out into the street, then goes back in.



Chapter Five


The screaming preacher bursts out of the burning house like Satan smashing out of the gates of Hell. Jack Krauss runs over to help. The preacher is shouting and pulling at the mountain of plaster, glass and wood that used to be his house. The imploded veranda leans over the ruins.
Krauss jumps in and they’re digging in the fire for five minutes, shirts smoking, feet and hands burning, when they find the top of the big black piano the preacher was playing minutes before as his family gathered round to sing morning prayers. The preacher claws around it and the house coughs up its food: the preacher’s wife, dead; son, dead; but the daughter gasps for air and squirms in the structure’s murderous grip.
“It’s okay, darling, Daddy’s here!” he says, pulling at the debris. Krauss helps, but they’re getting nowhere.
The father runs off, returns with a saw and starts cutting up the beams.
The little girl screams and her father stops.
“We’ve got to get her out of here!” shouts Krauss. “This house is going to collapse and kill us.”
All around them, homes are doing just that, burning jaws snapping down on hysterical families. One shocked boy picks himself up off the road and looks back at the house the blast flung him from. He’s thinking about going in for his mother but the blaze eats the core of the small house and it falls screeching to the ground. Fire blows into the boy’s face and he runs.
The preacher pulls out his dead; he’s got his wife by the arm but she’s got the piano over her lap and nothing will budge. The arm stretches to ghastly lengths.
“Leave her!” Krauss shouts, but the preacher says, “She needs a burial! She needs a burial!”
“We’re all going to be buried if you don’t get out of here right now!” Krauss commands and the girl screams, pulls on her father. A smoking beam falls from the ceiling, scraping down the side of Krauss. The journalist grabs the girl and runs out of the house.
The preacher follows.
Outside, a man sprints past, warning all, “The Germans are attacking!” and a mangled horde follows him up from the harbour. An old lady in an apron races past, clutching a scorched broom and howling that the Huns are shelling Halifax and that no woman will escape unraped.
Krauss, the preacher and the girl join the stampede. The preacher is weak, panting and the girl drags him along. Someone steps on the girl in the panic and she goes down, feet stomping on her grey dress. The preacher tries to stop for her but the energy of the terrified crowd drives him out. Krauss turns, cuts through the crashing waves of humanity, snatches up the girl and runs on.
Behind them a sulphurous black cloud swirls out of the harbour, painting the air pitch black. Red-hot steel falls from the sky, impaling a teenage boy. He falls and the mob runs right over him.
Krauss turns forward and runs, praying his lungs will hold out, eyes scanning the skies for fighter planes, mind already turning events into words. The air is thick and oily, black blood running through the damaged veins of the city.
The stampede heads toward the south end. A delivery man sits in a broken plate-glass window, sliced up and bleeding, the wreck of his wagon dumped on his feet, the horses slumped and twisted over the wall. In a weak voice, he asks no one at all, “What kind of blast can kill a horse, but spare a man?” He tries to get to his feet as the flames chew up the shop, but everywhere he puts his hand down is jagged glass. The fire from the tipped-over stove licks his shirt and he presses down on the shards of glass, gashing open his hand, but he slips past death. He staggers down the street.
Krauss and the two make it up the slopes of Citadel Hill, the preacher breathing heavily and looking on the edge of collapse. The deep moat around the fort is swarming with people. The banks are strewn with debris and shocked refugees.
“This place is full of ammunition,” warns the preacher nervously, eyes scared but focused. He holds his daughter tight, looking back over the shattered city. The north end is a smoking ruin and the docks in the main harbour below are damaged, but most of the low shacks and brick buildings are standing. The survivors run through the streets heading for the safety of Point Pleasant Park. Those spared run toward the devastated zone to help.
The exhausted exodus slows to a fast walk. Soldiers shout orders to those surging up the hill to head to open spaces. A line breaks off, one swarming around the bottom of the hill to the Public Gardens and the other branching along to the Commons at the foot of the Citadel.
The trio clamber down the moat’s tall wall into helping arms and stagger to the side. All around them are groaning, dying people, held in the arms of the heartbroken living.
A rumour runs that it wasn’t the Germans at all, but a ship blowing up.
“Bloody likely,” snorts the preacher. “Those Huns would stop at nothing. Destroying a whole city is their idea of fun. Killing women is what they do for sport.”
His girl is crying now, snuggling to her father, calling for her mother.
“Shh…” he soothes, rubbing her back in tight circles.
“You’re hurt,” he says, looking up at Krauss. The journalist sends his hand to where the preacher is looking and finds a sliver of iron stuck in his skull. His stomach churns.
“I’ll get help in a minute,” he says, reaching for his shirt pocket. It’s there – the notebook his father bought him three months ago when he landed the job on the Halifax Daily Echo, making him the first Krauss to leave Amherst in two centuries.
“Tell me what you saw,” he says, pen ready. The preacher tells his story.
After, Krauss walks along the moat, steadying himself on the inside wall, scanning the faces, looking for stories. His head is aching, the iron cold against his bones. His eyes grow bleary. He falls twice.
He staggers to a makeshift triage station and slumps against the wall, waiting his turn, losing consciousness. The dark skies flow into his mind and he collapses.



Chapter Six


Rector Street is razed. Plumes of dark smoke hang over the remains. I can’t tell where it starts or ends, what is street and what isn’t, or where my house is. Was. The whole north end is flattened. Bodies lie twisted in the remains. Soldiers march up and down it, putting corpses on wagons pulled by horses.
I find my next-door neighbour and we start digging. He doesn’t know where our homes are either, so we just dig and dig and dig.
When we hear cries, we run in that direction and dig until we find a terrified survivor, or a corpse. I hear a teenage boy from down the street shouting for help.
“Hang on, Sam, I’ll get you out,” I tell him. He’s buried in the basement of his house. I have to step in under the buckling upper floor to reach him. There are a million things covering him and he’s scared out of his mind. He’s begging for his mother. I saw her dead on the way in. I don’t tell him that.
I pull the debris off his chest, then uncover his legs.
“It’s all right, Sam, you’ll be free in a minute,” I say, trying to move a support beam.
He whimpers as the ceiling cracks. I look back in time to see a safe from the upper floor come crashing through and land on Sam’s head.
He stops moving.
I throw up, head back outside.
We work for hours in that cooling hell, throwing bathtubs out of living rooms, tipping over scorched beds, pulling fallen walls apart.
My hands are raw and frozen. My neighbour stops digging. We’ve excavated half the street, stacking the bodies of friends and relatives on the road. Everything’s on fire, levelling buildings before we get to them. We finally find our houses.
Panic sets in, like water corroding the foundations of my mind. I’m sure I can hear Evie calling to me. I see rocks rising and falling with the beats of her breath and tear into them. I find our stove, smashed. The wood is scorched from the spilled coals, now cooling. I find our sofa, heave it into what was the backyard. The front door is braced on the sewing machine, making a little nest. I pry ceiling beams off it and rip it out, smelling Evie’s skin. Empty. I find our bed, but can’t move it. I dig through the backyard. Nothing. No bodies. No Evie.
I stumble out of my house, back into the street. My brain can’t bring the outside world in – that my whole city was destroyed by nothing, by a wind pushed by an explosion. I’m seeing the houses rebuilt now. In my mind, I pull Mr. Dooley’s blue house out of the ground and dust it off; Mrs. Young is resurrected and walks down the street to greet me with a cheery “Still alive,” as she always does.
I had this nightmare a dozen times in the mud trench. I just need to wake up once more.
But it’s real.
A calm busyness has taken hold of the city. Soldiers and sailors march past, telling us where we can find shelter and help. There are five thousand of them in the city and most of them are from far away from here, with no personal attachment. It’s just another job, another disaster to clean up. Good practice for the front lines.
The crazed people who dig themselves out of the ruins come screaming back to life, minds upended by their ravaged bodies. In the tomb, they think they’re alone, that if they can escape, there’s a world to find safety in. Then they see the city. They’ve cheated death, only to find death has won everything.
Three streets down, a pile of rubble topples and a man my age emerges like Lazarus. He’s hollering and crying and scrabbling for something to use to lever himself out of the burning house. A sliver of glass still jabs into his left eye. His right eye is split like a tomato. Two soldiers break off a passing patrol and run into the fire, grabbing him under the arms and pull. He slips out of their grip, tries to get back in the house, but the soldiers stop him. He goes mad, biting and kicking and slapping, picking up pieces of his house and smashing them on the soldiers. Those boys are scared and keep trying to carry the man off the hill of ruins. He fights like it’s his life on the line. Eventually, the soldiers drop him where they found him and jog to catch up with the others. The man goes back into the hole like a rabbit. Minutes later, he pulls his dead wife up though it. His arm is broken and he’s having a hard time carrying her, though she’s slight, maybe eighteen. He clutches her like it’s a slow dance and they waltz blindly down the street, him tripping and falling, fending off any helpers, whispering in her ear.
“Come on, dig,” I tell my neighbour, pulling a burnt chair out of a destroyed home. I’m next door now, sure Evie went to see Mrs. Kavanagh to explain the shouts in the night, or just to check in on her. She’s lying under this house. I’ll dig to China if I have to. I holler at my neighbour again.
He glares at me.
“They’re dead,” he whispers, tears coming out of his eyes, and I don’t believe him. I swear and he tells me not to be a fool. He tells me my wife is dead. I know he’s lying. My wife is my air; I couldn’t breathe if she were dead.
I stare at my neighbour like he’s a traitor.
I get it in my head to go to the Acadia Sugar Refinery. It’s the tallest building east of Montreal, ten storeys of solid brick right down on the water north of my house. Any relief work would be based there. Refugees will be arriving already. Evie’s gone there looking for me.
The soldiers have already started clearing paths over what were the streets, so they can get their wagons and trucks through.
I follow one down from Rector Street, along the water to the refinery. It’s the only thing left standing and I’m amazed that it hasn’t even been touched by the blast. All its windows are intact. It’s right on the harbour, with a clear view of the explosion site. If I know my colleagues, they’d all have been up on the roof, watching. I go to open the door but trip, fall hard. I try to stand but the earth is tipping up, sending me sliding away. I scramble to my feet. I touch the wall but now it’s gone; I look up and see only smoky clouds drifting across the blue sky.
The refinery’s gone. My mind’s just been playing tricks on me. It’s been there all my life, as much a part of Halifax as the star-shaped fort on Citadel Hill, but it’s a mountain now. I’m in the ruins of something, I can’t even tell what, and the whole Goliath is laid out before me, one huge pile of brick for its body, a smaller one for its head. There are no two bricks left together.
I dig for a while, but it’s pointless. The pile of rubble is twenty-five feet high.
I find Mr. West out front, arguing with a patient officer.
“Get your men, and get them in there!” he orders with the tone of a man expecting to be obeyed. He’s my supervisor, and a terrible man. Even in the privations of war, he’s got a thick coat, tailored suit and polished shoes. His belly has swollen as war devours Europe. He’s a tall, powerful man, with a well-groomed moustache riding over a thin, angry mouth. Sharp, darting eyes, always peering through his glasses for an angle.
“Sir, the whole north end is flattened and there are thousands of people buried. We’re going as fast as we can, but we can’t do everything at once,” the officer explains.
Neither of them take any notice of me.
“Look here, boy, I know people, and when this is over, you don’t want to find yourself on the wrong side of me. My wife and children are in that building, and you need to get a hundred of your strongest men to dig them out,” he commands. His voice softens conspiratorially as he goes on, “And let me tell you, your efforts will be well rewarded.”
The officer stares at him a while, takes a deep breath.
“Fine, sir, I’ll just go gather those men right away, pull them off whatever else they’re doing, and we’ll come here and get your family. All right?” he says, mockingly.
Mr. West doesn’t pick up the sarcasm and is mollified. “Bloody Germans,” he mutters.
“Sorry, sir?”
“The Germans – you know, the Hun. They’re behind this,” my boss tells the officer.
“A munitions ship, sir,” the officer corrects him. “French. In from New York, spent last night outside the submarine nets and then sailed in first thing this morning. It was packed full of barrels of benzyl and looking to join a convoy across to Europe.”
“Munitions? I saw the ship – it didn’t have a munitions flag up,” Mr. West says.
“No, sir. It travelled from New York by itself and I guess the captain didn’t think it wise to advertise its cargo to the German U-boats.”
Mr. West cocks an incredulous eye.
“And you still believe what you were told, soldier?” The officer bristles at that.
“It collided with the Imo, a Norwegian ship heading for New York to pick up relief supplies for Belgium.”
“A neutral ship?” Mr. West says, with exaggerated surprise. “A neutral ship blows Halifax to bits, and you would have me believe it’s just a silly mishap? That the Germans would never stoop so low?”
“Sir, I’ve been to the frontlines. I know how low the Hun will stoop. But this was an accident. It was the French ship that exploded.”
The officer is scanning the area, impatient to be away from this buffoon.
“I’ll go fetch those men now,” he says, saluting, walking back into Richmond without giving Mr. West time to respond. I can tell he’s not coming back.
That leaves us alone.
“Sir?” I say to Mr. West. “Mr. West?”
I grab his sleeve and he finally notices me. “Have you seen Evie, sir?”
He looks at me like I’m a piece of glass stuck in his thigh. “Who?”
“My wife, sir.”
“Who are you?”
I swallow my anger. I’ve worked for him six days a week since getting back from the front. I come and go at his pleasure. He pays me enough to starve my family on as he stuffs his mouth with black-market caviar. While I was off watching death chew up my comrades and enemies, he was growing fat off sugar.
“Thomas Joyce, sir. I work for you,” I say, eyes down out of habit.
He inspects me a long time.
“Joyce, my wife and my children are in that building,” he says, pointing at the rubble. “We are going to find them.”
“But my wife, sir.”
“Never mind that,” he says, turning away.
I grab him by his shoulder, spin him around and punch him in the face, just like I’ve been trained to do. He’s surprised for a second, then down, another broken thing in a smashed world. I stand over him, hands seized into fists. He’s blinking, trying to pull his mind together. The rest of the city is a rumbling buzz far away. There are plenty of bricks around. I pick one up, toss it between my hands. Look around. No one. There are a hundred bodies in the refinery already. I’ve killed thirty-eight Germans in the last two years for no reason other than they were trying to kill me. Why not kill someone because I want to?
He squirms beneath me, stunned. His glasses are broken. So’s his nose. A trickle of blood makes its way over his chin. But he’s not scared. He still thinks he’s got protection in this world. His scheming eyes roam all around me, wondering where his rescue will come from.
I want him to taste fear. I want him terrified. I want him to know he’s going to die. Once death slips through your defences, you change. For the first sixteen months I was overseas, I lived easily in a dream of immortality. Thousands died all around me, and I killed people myself, but knew I’d not die, not till I was old, peaceful and lying in bed. Not till I was ready. Then, that shell hit and I knew I was going to die. Death hasn’t left my mind since.
I want to put it in his.
“Your family is dead, Mr. West,” I tell him, tossing the brick back and forth.
“They are alive. My wife was speaking to the girls who work here, instructing them in the important things, lest they forget what to do once this war is over,” he says, scrambling onto his elbows. “She had the children with her.”
I kick him hard in the chest with my one booted foot, sprawling him back down.
“They’re dead, and you’re going to join them,” I tell him, raising the brick over my head.
“Now, don’t be silly, young … what did you say your name was?” he asks, his voice starting to shake.
I ignore this.
“Never mind. You’re going to help me out of this situation, and then I’ll help you. I can make you a manager, you know,” he says, lying in the rubble of the refinery.
I take a breath to steel my mind, then kick him in the chin. His glasses fly off and he shouts, but he keeps calm. I’m impressed. Black snow is falling in my mind, obscuring everything. Pinning him down with my foot, I raise the brick again. It’s coming down hard to smash his face when I hear a voice.
“Breathe … breathe ….” Evie.
I swallow hard. Blink back the tears. Clench my hands around the brick and throw it hard into the rubble. I’m looking for Evie, following her voice, but it’s in between the black snowflakes.
I shake my head and come back. It’s sunny. Cold. Mr. West is squirming under foot, crying. I see him for what he is – just another broken survivor clinging to the wreckage.
“My wife!” he screams, voice breaking. “My pretty children!”
I step off him and crawl out of the hole before he remembers my name.
I climb on top of the two-storey shell of the shipyard machine shop. Up there, I can see the wreck of the north end. Citadel Hill sits impervious up to the left. Across the water I see the blasted hull of the Imo, tipped against the Dartmouth shore. Ships all around the pier are wrecked, but those that were back in Bedford Basin or farther out survived and have sailed in to help. People are crawling all over the apocalyptic scene, piling timber, stacking bodies, instinctively bringing order to the chaos.
I can’t see Evie, but I can feel her hand cleaning the blood off mine, the smell of her hair driving the burning corpses out of my nostrils and I whisper to her.
My eye falls on St. Joseph’s Church like a prayer. Its high, pitched roof is gone, and the stone walls gape at the sky like a smashed skull. It looks like one of those European cathedrals that’ve been ruins for centuries.
Evie and I were married in it.
I climb off the refinery and head for salvation.



Chapter Seven


Rumours buzz through the survivors in the moat of Citadel Hill. It’s a German invasion; the aerial bombardment from Zeppelins is only the start. Tanks, artillery and thousands of foot soldiers are steaming into the harbour, with a bullet for every citizen. Britain has abandoned Halifax. The war in Europe is lost.
Krauss discounts a thousand false fears before climbing out of the moat, heading down the hill. The yellow grass is littered with chunks of buildings and swarming with slowly climbing refugees. Looking back, he sees the heart of the city is still beating, even as the north end works through its death throes.
“The Citadel was built to repel any invasion,” an officer smoking a pipe tells him. “She turned this one away, too.”
“Not for the north end,” Krauss counters. The officer shrugs.
Krauss walks down the hill against a rising tide of wounded. An old woman rests on her side, catching her breath before struggling for the top again. She brushes her thin grey hair back, looking fearfully over her shoulder.
The streets heading into the disaster zone are clogged with wood, plaster, rocks – and people. A new Chevrolet car driven by a stunned young man slowly weaves through the crowd, carrying a load of injured. Horse and buggies are weighed down so they can hardly move, the bleeding animals groaning as they strain to pull the wheels over debris. A driver gets down and struggles to wrest a beam off the road. Some of the injured get off the wagon to help. People swarm the stopped wagon, holding dying husbands and children, pleading for space. The wagon is full, but the driver scans his cargo – three bodies among the wounded. He pulls out the dead and swaps them for the living.
Two men jog past carrying a piece of a picket fence. A delirious man lies on the makeshift stretcher, pawing at the sky.
Krauss gets as far in as Russell Street.
“Get back! Get back!” shouts an old Home Guard soldier riding on the rear of an army truck. It’s built for battlefields and crawls easily over the wreckage.
It passes by Krauss but the soldier too old for the front lines jumps down.
“You can’t go in there, son.”
Krauss tells him his name, says he’s a reporter.
The older man’s lip twitches up into a sneer. Krauss has seen it before – a reflex hatred of journalists. But the old soldier would still read the paper the next day, especially if he was in it. The reporter’s German name didn’t help – he’d had plenty of grief about his roots since the war broke out, despite his family having been Canadian for centuries.
“Listen, Hun, turn around,” the soldier says, pushing Krauss back with the side of his rifle. “Dockyard magazine’s on fire – get the hell out of here.”
“Thanks, but I’ll go have a look,” Krauss says, making to pass the soldier, but the old man strikes him with the rifle, knocking him to the ground. He stands over him for a second, then catches up to the truck.
“Your life,” the soldier calls out as the truck rumbles away.
Krauss picks himself up, catches his breath. The ink in his veins tells him to head into the violence, but the surge of humanity starts running, spurred on by voices raising the alarm.
“Wellington Barracks is on fire! Get out in the open! Another explosion is coming!” a young man shouts.
Krauss follows the crowd in its limping sprint for safety. The grisly parade slows as it passes down Chebucto Road, heading out of town. Stunned spectators on the undamaged streets open their front doors and stand staring.
Army trucks race down the roads, depositing soldiers. They shout at the spectators and bang on the doors.
“Get out of your houses! Get out in the open!”
Hundreds join the macabre march, outpacing death. Dozens have blood-soaked bandages wrapped around their heads and sides, but few thought to bring winter clothes. Mothers wrap their babies in whatever clothing they can find. A woman explains to anyone who will listen that the baby she’s holding isn’t hers, but she found it lying in a pile of rubble and couldn’t just leave it there.
A bugle calls out loudly and people turn to find it. They see only a well-to-do family walking with their heads down, laden with belongings. The bugle calls out again, and this time Krauss locates it: it’s in the throat of a talented parrot with clean grey feathers and a bright red tail, held in a cage by a boy.
At the outskirts of the city, houses yield to fields. A group of a hundred peels off the march to enter the grassy land, standing in it like scarecrows.
“Too near! Take to the woods!” a man shouts and most move on, seeking safety by crossing the peninsula into the forest at the edge of the town.
Krauss stays back with the hundred, looking to the north end. The towering cloud is gone, but a low, black fog smothers Richmond. A frigid wind cuts across the frozen field. Krauss shifts his feet to keep them from going numb in the half-inch of snow. He looks at faces, looks for stories.



Chapter Eight


Evie wakes me with a lingering kiss. I flutter open my eyes and meet hers, brown, bright and smiling. After two years of waking to mud, rain and violence, this is heaven. For two years, I’ve had to leave her upon waking. Now, the trouble is escaping the hellish trenches that haunt my dreams. I’ve only been home two days.
“Morning, sugar bear,” she whispers, biting my ear. “Mmmmm … Morning, bones.”
She slaps me.
“I’m not that skinny!”
I wrestle her underneath me, her pale body and the grey sheets an impossibility against my dark skin, seared dirty from living in a trench-grave too long.
“I’ll never be as naked as you,” I murmur. “What?” she says, giving me a quizzical look. “Nothing,” I whisper.
“Mmmmmm …” she coos. “I’ve missed you, Mr. Joyce. Waking up alone is a terrible thing to do.”
My mind shudders, but I pull it out of that dark passage. “Well, let’s never do it again. ‘Mr. Prime Minister,’” I say, addressing the bedroom. “‘Behold, and I will tell you a great secret. The Germans? Not so bad. Really, decent chaps at heart. And I’ve got a cunning plan to end the war.’”
Evie sits up, wrapping the sheets around her. “Do tell,” she encourages.
“‘Here, Mr. Prime Minister, is my brilliant plan for ending the Great War: stop killing them. I am certain that in return, and out of thanks, and with a big veilen dank, they will, in turn, stop killing us.’”
“But who will have won?”
“Why, humanity, sir – humanity!” I cry with a flourish. Evie claps, letting the sheets slip.
“And now, to claim the booty that is rightfully mine!” Evie gasps and plays at being affronted.
“Oh, do be gentle, kind sir, it’s been too long since this virgin land has welcomed a soldier.”
And my mind derails. I shove her off the bed. She sprawls, smacking her head against the wood nightstand.
“Jesus!” she cries, covering her cut and trying to get to her feet, but I’m standing over her. I’ve got muscles I never had before and I use them to pin her down on the cold floor.
“Get off me!”
Black snow is storming through my mind. I’m hearing shells and screams and guns but most of all that voice that started to torment me a year ago: she’s cheated.
It started as a whisper but now it can claim my mind at any time. That’s all it says: she’s been untrue. Then images, photographs, film – it accumulates visual proof of her infidelity and shoves it in my eyes. Three times in my last three months I burst out of my sleep in the rainy fields of Europe and started over the top, comrades pulling me down. The wall of German guns trained on me called her unfaithful.
The last time, the guns called me a fool and shot me. I know I’m crazy.
But I also know she cheated. I saw it.
“Who was he?” I growl between clenched teeth, shaking her bare shoulders.
“Who?” she asks, head turned protectively. “The man in my bed.”
She turns to look at me now, her eyes hard. “What on earth are you talking about?”
“The man who’s kept warm in my bed while I’ve been dead these past two years.”
“What? What’s wrong with you? No one has been in your bed,” she says, looking at me with anger.
“You said there was a soldier.” I soften my tone. “I understand these things. It’s okay. Just, I want to know who it was.”
“Who was? You’re crazy, Tommy,” she says, standing. “You know there’s no one else for me. For God’s sake, we live on the most gossipy street in Halifax. If anyone but the milkman darkened my door, it’d be on the front page of the Daily Echo that evening.”
“The milkman?”
She meets my eyes; there’s fear, but also a glint of contempt. “Yes, the milkman. The decrepit, sixty-two-year-old Mr. Moar.
I just couldn’t resist the way he hobbles on his wooden leg.”
She says the last lightly, so it’s a joke. She never believed those mad letters I wrote her. I want her to believe.
“Breathe … breathe….”
She’s running her hands through my hair, over my back, calling me home.
I blink away the trench eyes, swim back into focus and meet hers. So calm. Peaceful. Loving. For two years, I’ve been primed for death, lying in those trenches with a finger through the trigger. Drills where you’d be shouted awake and have to be murder-ready in seconds, snarling at the edge of the trench ready to bayonet the Hun.
“Oh God, Evie, I’m sorry,” I say, shoulders heaving with sobs. She pulls my head into the crook of her shoulder, murmuring, hushing.
“You need to learn to control yourself, Tommy. You need help that I can’t give. And I can’t live like this forever.”
I kiss her neck, ask for her patience.



Chapter Nine


The trench is electric this morning. We’ve been sitting on our backsides for months now, surviving on the laurels of others. The Canadians won Vimy Ridge and so we’re up there with the elite forces of the Allies. We can now die in the most heroically moronic fashions our commanders can dream up. Something’s happening. You can tell by the puffed-up chests of the roosters who rule us that they’ve got secrets. They’ve got orders.
We’re back in the war.
The boys are excited. It’s June 1917, and a fine day. The shelling stopped in the middle of the night, so it’s quiet. The sun is barely up, but bright, promising to dry the trench.
I’m suicidally bored. I peer through barbed-wire and machinegun nests over the trench into the swampy forest I’ve been living in for months. Dead trees haunt the bleak landscape, bashed deep with shell holes. I don’t know anything about Belgium, but I’m betting it wasn’t always this ugly. I can’t believe what a mess we’ve made of it.
Austin is mad with excitement, of course. He tells anyone who’ll listen he’s fought more wars than Genghis Khan – and he’ll also tell you he’s eighteen and from Toronto. Saying he’s eighteen we understand, because he’s not a day past fifteen and thus legally barred from getting blown to bits for king and country. But we don’t understand why he says he’s from Toronto: In addition to a ridiculously precious name, Austin possesses the most irritating deep-bush Australian accent to ever rattle down the throat of a man.
For the first month after he arrived, I slept with a knife in my hand, certain he was a badly trained German spy.
I doubt the boy had ever killed time, let alone a man.
“We’re going over, Tommy-gun Tom!” he grins at me. He’s got the same golden-blond hair as my brother.
“Yeah, and we’ll soon be under,” I say.
“Come on – you know what we did to the Hun in Vimy! He’s on his hind legs – one more push and we’ll send him sprawling back to Germany!”
“You sound like a newsreel,” I tell him. He’s hurt.
“Bet I get to Berlin first,” I tell him. He brightens up and I shoo him away.
I’ve been digging strange holes lately, far ahead of our position. No one tells me anything, but I can work out that we’ve got a cunning plan, and I’ve learned to fear the cunning plan.
An officer strides past.
“Have a look, boys,” he says quietly, nodding up the trench. This seems a bad idea to me, but others are already doing it. Austin has got half his body over, and someone tugs him down a bit, lest a bored German take target practice.
The trench grows quiet, tense. Usually the end of shelling means the start of running, but we’ve got no orders. We stare across No Man’s Land.
A massive blast sends the German trenches up into the air, briefly blocking out the sun with the falling debris. Our trenches erupt with cheering as the German guns and bodies crash back down to earth.
Mines. We went right under their trenches and stuck ’em full of TNT. Cunning.
The officers are in full battle mode now, shouting and hollering at us. We race over the top before the dust settles. We don’t lose many. A couple of men slip in the mud and fall into the shell craters and drown in the muck, and that’s just too bad.
We capture the trenches without much of a fight and dig out their bodies, eat their food. Somebody finds a stash of schnapps and we celebrate.



Chapter Ten


Krauss watches a young boy in the clearing. He’s standing with his family amid the shuffling, sniffling hundred who’ve broken off the main flight out of the city. The boy spots a construction site and jogs over, bringing back planks for his mother and two sisters to stand on. The idea spreads and soon a mock-stage covers the field.
Krauss walks over to the boy.
“Hi, I’m Jack Krauss, Daily Echo,” he says, flipping open his notebook, talking straight to the boy.
The little fellow stiffens with pride, takes Krauss’s hand. “Thomas Raddall, sir,” he says, with a little bow. “This is my mother and sisters.”
Krauss nods politely. The woman, holding a well-wrapped third child, is pale, a torn bedsheet wrapped around a head wound. Her shirt is stained with blood. Her family’s wearing hats and coats, though.
“You’re wet!” the boy exclaims. “What happened to you?” Krauss looks down at himself, surprised to find he is damp.
“I don’t really remember. I was standing at the pier, watching the burning ship, and next thing I know, I’m blasted up the hill. I recall sitting up and seeing a huge wave leap over me, coming down like an eagle on a mouse. It snatched me up and dragged me out to sea. I guess I managed to swim back to shore.”
He remembers the faces of those who didn’t, panicked and wounded, eaten by the churning harbour.
“The blast made such a hole in the harbour, it was as dry as the Red Sea was for Moses, for a few seconds anyway.”
The boy listens wide-eyed. “But you’re not badly hurt?”
“No,” answers Krauss, rubbing the bandage on his head. “Just a light wound.”
“Heck of a day, eh?” Krauss says, still addressing the boy. The mother smiles, tired but proud of her son.
“Yes, sir. Well, it was a lucky thing. Being a newspaper man, you’ll know about the coal shortage. Well, at my school – Chebucto – we turned the heat off overnight, and only the oldest boys came in early, as we can handle the cold. The children don’t come in until ten. We were just sitting down after the morning hymn when I felt two blasts.”
“Two?” Krauss interrupts.
“Yes, sir, two. One from the ground, then one from the air. I guess it’s the same as a depth charge exploded at sea,” he says, like he’s sailed the seven seas. “The second blast sent the windows on us. It was like a monster picked us up and shook us, then slammed our heads on the ground.”
The boy throttles the air for effect.
Krauss tries not to smile. The boy is enjoying telling the story, but to remind him he is a just a boy would deflate him.
“All the other pupils fled, like it was a fire drill, but I stayed, standing by the headmaster’s desk.”
“Like any good soldier would,” adds Krauss, nodding approvingly.
“Yes, sir – exactly. I was waiting for an order to move on – or stay put. The headmaster thought some boys had set off stolen dynamite in the basement, so we searched the building. All the classrooms were wrecked – filled with broken glass and chunks of the ceiling. Well, Old Gander and I searched the whole school –”
“Old Gander?” Krauss asks.
The boy blushes. His mother puts her free hand on his back. “Sorry, sir, that’s what some of the lads call the headmaster. Anyway, we didn’t find anyone, so went outside. Then, of course, we saw that the blast had not come from the school at all. We saw a big black cloud in the sky and knew a ship had blown up. The headmaster dismissed me and I went home, where I found my mother and my sisters.”
“Well, that’s quite a story,” says Krauss, tucking his notebook into his shirt pocket. “You’ll take good of your mother, Thomas. They’re in good hands.”
The boy nods seriously.
Krauss moves on. The fleeing crowd has passed and there’s an open road back to the city.
He passes an officer coming out, looking harried. “All clear, sir?” Krauss asks him.
The officer pauses, looks at him like he’s trying to remember who he is.
“Well, it doesn’t seem likely the barracks will blow, if that’s what you mean. But it’s a frightful sight in there and I’d stay out here, if I were you.”
“Has someone been inside the barracks then?”
“Wellington Barracks is being cleared of all its munitions. Soldiers are dumping everything in the harbour. It seems this panic was started by the elimination of a danger,” he says, wiping his nose with his leather glove. He’s not wearing the great coat typical of officers.
“Coals tipped over by the blast were thrown near a hole in the wall of the barracks, but a lieutenant spotted that and doused them with a fire extinguisher. People saw the smoke from that and thought it was a live fire. So the panic spread, probably costing lives.”
“Where are you going now?” Krauss asks. “You’re very curious,” the officer replies.
Krauss tells him who he is. The officer rolls his eyes.
“I’m heading after the horde that bolted for the woods. It’s safe enough there for now, but very cold, and we’re due a storm tonight. We’re setting up tents on the Commons and I don’t want to spend tomorrow hauling frozen corpses out of the Armdale woods,” he explains.
“And these people?” Krauss says, pointing to the hundred. “I’ll see to them on my way back. Really, there’s no point encouraging anyone to go back there now. It’ll break the spirit of any man – including you,” he says, finger levelled at Krauss.
“Thanks, sir,” Krauss says, but the officer has spun on his heel and marched on out of town.
Krauss watches him go, then retraces the exodus back into hell.



Chapter Eleven


I make my way through the chaos to St Joseph’s. A dozen soldiers try to wrestle a horse’s corpse off the street while a wagon full of wounded survivors waits impatiently to pass. People are dropping dead on the street as the damage catches up to them. I put my shoulder in at the horse’s belly and we all heave and grunt and slip, and finally get the beast moving. It stinks and it’s bleeding all over me. We shove it into the side of the road. The soldiers salute the officer driving the wagon and march double-time to the next disaster.
The officer looks down at me. “Hospital?” he asks politely.
I shake my head. “I’m not hurt.”
The way he looks at me says he knows otherwise, but there’re enough injured who want help to keep him busy. He cracks the reins and pulls away in a cloud of dust. I catch eyes with a man missing half his jaw, trying to hold himself in the back of the wagon as it bounces along.
The officer carries his moaning cargo down to the shore. A group of soldiers unload the wagon and gently place the not-yet dead in a horizontal line. Those who’ve died on the trip are quietly taken out of sight. There are dozens of bodies in both piles. I jog down to look for Evie, but something pokes my lung like a sucker punch and I collapse. It takes a minute to find my breath. I run my hand over my ribs and can feel two or three are broken. I steady myself, get to my feet and get down to the water.
I wonder which pile to try first. I choose the living.
“You seen a thin woman, twenty-two, five-foot-four, long brown hair?” I ask the first soldier I come to.
He glances up at me.
“Sir, today I seen every possible configuration of humanity God ever dreamt of.”
“But she’s my wife,” I say, grabbing his arm.
“Sir, everyone of these folks is someone’s wife, or husband, or father or child. We ain’t keeping records. Sorry, sir.”
A tugboat slides in at the dock and American sailors pile out. They start at the far end, picking up people and tucking them inside the tug. I move down the line, scanning faces.
“Mr. Ross!” I say, seeing a neighbour.
He looks at me quizzically, like I’m melting. “Adam?”
He’s an old man, widowed for twenty years. He’s got an ugly slash across his forehead, like someone was after his brain. It’s loosely wrapped in a bandage, but he keeps pulling it off. He’s half-dressed and painted in soot. It’s like he just finished getting mugged at a minstrel show.
“No, Mr. Ross. It’s Thomas.” His face falls into sorrow.
“Oh, right. Of course. I’m sorry, you two looked so much alike,” he says.
“It’s okay,” I reassure him.
“Young Thomas, I thought you were in Europe.”
“I was, Mr. Ross, but they sent me back.”
“Too much for the Germans?” I give him a small smile. “Maybe.”
“And where’s your father?” he asks.
Still dead, I think. Dead ten years. Mother followed two years later.
“He’s fine,” is what I say. Then, “Have you seen Evelyn?”
He purses his lips in thought. He’s quiet a long time. The sailors come for him, pick him up and carry him to the tug. He doesn’t seem to mind the rough trip. I stay with him.
“Have you seen Evelyn?” I ask again as he’s laid with the other wounded. The sailors signal up to the pilot, and the tug starts to pull away.
“Who?” Mr. Ross finally asks.
I hop back to shore. The tug churns up the grey water, easing its way past the blasted boats and making course for a big American ship at anchor, the USS Old Colony.
“How many have you taken out there?” I ask a sailor who is tending the wounded.
“Seems like millions,” he mutters. “Hospitals are overflowing, they got people stacked up everywhere. But we’re out of room too. Plus, look at this place,” he says, gesturing to the burning city. “Those who are alive now will likely stay so. And those who are dead, well, we’ll leave them to the chaplains.”
Another wagon full of wounded pulls up, but the sailor shakes his head.
“That’s it,” he says, waving the wagon driver off. “No more.”
“Come on, pal, they got nowhere else to go,” says the driver. “So what, I’m supposed to put ’em in the head? Look, the beds are all full. Sorry.”
“Your bed still open?” the driver asks him, looking hard. The young sailor bites his lip, sighs.
“Okay, but that’s it. We’ll fill one more tug, and then go.”
I ask the driver about Evie, but he gives me the same answer. Too many ruined faces.
I walk over to the other pile. They’re all neatly laid out. I force myself to look at each face: no Evie. Some of them are melted, some of them burnt, some smashed, and some look like nothing’s wrong with them at all, like they’re about to yawn and get up.
No one I know. Not my grief. I head uphill to St Joseph’s.
I reach the girls’ school first. The elegant Victorian building is still standing, but it looks like a giant has bashed the roof in. All the windows are shot out, the doors blown in and inside are broken ceilings and scattered desks. The turret on top is precariously balanced on its side. A nun digs through the ruins.
Next door, a telegraph pole still stands before St Joseph’s Church like a cross. All over the city, the poles are still standing. I crunch over broken glass to get inside the sanctuary, which is piled high with masonry, pews and stained glass. The new organ pokes a few twisted pipes out through the debris.
I’m standing in the aisle Evie and I walked down to make our vows. The aisle my father walked to wed my mother, and his father before him. Where they all received their final honours. Since the Joyces left Dublin, this has been the true family home.
I hear a landslide behind me and a man’s weak shout. I step quickly over the rubble and find a section still moving up near where the altar was – in front of it, pinned to the ground, is Father McKay. Only his head is free and he’s staring up through the open roof but seeing nothing. He’s got holes in his eyes like he’s been jabbed with a skewer. He baptized me, confirmed me, married me and prayed for me when I went to war. I haven’t been to see him since I got back, despite Evie’s nagging.
I start pulling chunks of stone off him. I’m so tired. This day has lasted a thousand years. I feel older than the sun.
“It’s me, Father, Thomas Joyce.” He moans, closes his useless eyes.
“Hold on, Father, I’ll have you out in a second.”
As I’m digging beams off him, he starts singing in that weedy voice of his. I’ve heard it every Sunday since I was born, apart from when I was overseas.
“I once could see, but now I’m blind,” the old priest calls out, tunelessly.
“‘Amazing Grace,’ eh? I’d say this is pretty bloody amazing all right,” I grumble, sliding his leg from beneath the pew it’s under. He winces. It’s a bad break and I can see a bone poking out of his skinny leg, weaving a hole through his black pants.
“Our Lord was crucified, doubting Thomas. Did you expect an easy life?” he asks me, eyes roaming sightlessly over the sky. He’s always called me that. “Did I not teach you better than to expect a life of pleasure?”
It’s late afternoon and the sun is lowering. Shades of black scrape through the blue sky, erasing the illusion and revealing glimpses of the masterless infinity beyond.
“Why does it have to be so hard?” I ask. The old priest winces as I free his other leg. I lift him gently out of the hole, lay him on top of the debris. His old body is covered in dust, blood trickling out his ears and nose. “Sure, life is hard. But this … this is pointless.”
“The Lord works in mysterious ways,” is his answer.
This is why I haven’t been to see him. I’ve seen some pretty mysterious things, all right. Like what happened to Adam. Like that stupid boy Austin getting himself killed in the trench because he was bored and restless. I’ve seen thousands dying for a scrap of land not big enough to hold all their bodies. I couldn’t see me politely confessing my sins to someone who believes it was all done on purpose.
“It’s a pretty sick God you believe in, that would do this to his faithful,” I tell the priest.
“‘Brace yourself like a man; I will question you and you shall answer me,’” he recites in his biblical voice. I bite my lip and try to clear the dust and blood off his face. “‘Who shut up the sea behind the doors when it burst forth from the womb, when I made the clouds its garment and wrapped it in thick darkness, when I fixed the limits for it and set its doors and bars in place, when I said This far you may come and no farther: here is where your proud waves halt?’”
His sermon on Job is stopped by a wave of bloody coughing. It wracks his old body, his shattered ribs twisting with the force of the lungs expanding. I cradle his head in my lap so it doesn’t bang against the rocks.
“I’ve seen the gates of death, and I know where darkness lives,” I mumble, thinking he won’t hear me. “Right in my head. We make an idol of our fear and call it God.”
His bony hand reaches for mine; I take it. It’s cold, dry. “Doubting Thomas, so sure of everything. God never promises an easy life – it’s a life of testing, of Mount Moriahs and Gethsemanes, where God Himself does what He could not ask of Abraham. Why did you expect to be spared while so many suffer? If the Son of God died in full innocence, why should a sinner like you live?”
That hits like a bullet to the guts and I wince, then snarl, curses curdling in my mouth. He knows nothing of what happened between me and Adam, I tell myself. Brothers hold their own secrets.
I watch the old priest’s face as he speaks, his mouth pulling the tight skin over his skull. His eyelids are fluttering, his pale eyes still on the sky. He’s badly hurt, shivering violently. I wish I had something warm to give him. Death has got two strong hands on him and is about to pull him under. But he’s peaceful. Does he really believe what he’s saying?
“Faith is just a way of blocking out reality until death ends it,” I say.
“Faith is reality,” he counters. “You will come through this valley of death, Thomas, and you will see a light. Even in this frozen desolation, a light burns for you. You are not forgotten. You are not abandoned.”
“Adam was abandoned,” I tell him.
“Your brother was a good man,” he tells me. I’ve heard that all my life. “He died alone, but with God. And now that he is in heaven, he forgives you.”
I suck in air, biting my tongue.
The priest’s breath is slowing, coming out jagged, making a terrible sound. His lungs are filling up with blood, he’s down to his final moments. I’ve seen it before.
“Thanks, Father,” I force myself to say. Let the dying believe what they want.
“For what?” he rasps, but I don’t have an answer. “Have faith, son, have faith. Your reward awaits you.”
“Father, I spent the last two years of my life living in a muddy hole,” I say angrily. “People like you kept telling me to have faith–priests of God, officers of the Army. But it was pointless – the whole war is idiotic. And I kept having faith. My mind started to break with the strain of believing. Then it blew up, and I started believing darker things. I knew Evie was cheating on me and it smashed my soul, but that wasn’t true either. Then I come home, someone can’t steer a ship properly, and everything’s destroyed. I can take it as a test of faith, but I don’t have any faith to test. It’s an accident, that’s all. And it’s killed Evie, the only reason I bothered staying alive in Europe.”
“God does not give us more than we can handle,” he whispers. “You survived the brutal works of man in the Great War and you will survive this. Have faith – Evie lives.”
“Do you know that? Have you seen her?”
“Have faith, son.”
“Father, I had buckets of faith in the trench and people still died. It doesn’t make a difference. I thought long about this. If there’s a God, He’s either fickle, uninterested or mean. If He is sticking His hand in, saving some and watching others die, then so what? I once had a chaplain tell me about a holy officer he knew who was on a long trip to the front lines, when his truck runs out of gas. He’s on a desolated stretch of road, no village around for miles. Figures he’s going to have to walk, but it could take a day or more, and shells are always falling. Then, another truck rolls up – and he’s got spare gas. Presto, away they go.
“This chaplain – he tells me that’s proof of God. But what about the two thousand men shot dead or blown up that week? God doesn’t care? So he’s fickle, just saving randomly because of a whim, or he’s cruel, and picking favourites according to rules we can’t know. So I can believe Evie’s alive all I want. Doesn’t change whether she’s dead or alive.”
“There is more rejoicing in Heaven over the lost sheep that is found than over the ninety-nine that never strayed,” McKay says.
I roll my eyes, stare up at the stormy sky.
“I’m dying, Tommy,” the old priest says, holding my hand tighter.
“I know, Father,” I answer quietly.
“You’ve got to find Evie,” he manages. His breath is coming harder.
“Since when do you call her Evie?” I ask. He smiles.
“You know, Tommy, you weren’t the only man to fall in love with her.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
He laughs softly. “Trust her, Tommy. You owe her that much. I mean all of us fell in love with her. Even this old chaste priest. You’ve got to find her,” he repeats.
“I will, Father. But how do you know she’s alive?”
The priest opens his mouth to speak, but nothing but air comes out.
His last breath passes over his lips and his ruined body grows still. Friend or enemy, devout or godless, it always comes down to this. I stay with him a while, thinking I’m going to cry, but I don’t. I just want to sleep, but every time I close my eyes I see Evie and see her dying alone, leaving me unforgiven, and I’m terrified awake.
I lower the remains of Father McKay into the hole I’ve just dug him out of, gently bending his arms and legs so he’s curled up in it like a baby in the womb of death. I crawl out of the hole and search through the church, looking for something to cover him with. An arm of the crucifix that hung over the church for generations reaches through the ruins, the bony hand of Jesus clutching at empty air.
I find a big banner honouring the parish’s war dead and pull it out of the rubble. I scan the list, see my friends under the Great War heading. I’m surprised not to see my own name.
I carry it to Father McKay and lay it over him. Staring down at the old priest, I want to curl up next to him and just let death win, but pain drives me on.
My left knee is seizing up, so I start walking. I’m shivering bad, but there’s no shelter left standing. I leave the vanquished church and walk out into the dying day.
As the sun leaves the sky, stealing what light remains, snow begins to fall on the burning city. White flakes melt into the red flames gnawing on the flattened houses. Soon, they will suffocate them. For now, shivering people gather near the fires.
A man scrambles up a tree, screaming low. He’s desperate, pulling on small snow-dusted limbs that snap under his weight and he tumbles to the ground with a thump. He sees me and shouts me over.
“My wife! My wife!” he yells, eyes darting between me and up the tree. I follow his eyes and there she is, hanging like hellish fruit, impaled on the tree by the explosion. Her arms and legs hang limply toward the ground, her neck bent brutally to the left and mercifully I can’t make out her face in the dusk. A great, sharp branch pierces her chest just below her breasts, sticking out eighteen inches. I hope she died quickly.
“She’s dead, brother,” I tell him, but he can’t hear it. “Help me into the tree!” he pleads.
Okay. I cup my hands together and boost him onto a big branch. He climbs up to her, reaches out and hugs her awkwardly. He’s talking to her, stroking her blood-caked face.
“Go get some help!” he yells down at me through the falling snow.
I start to speak, but silence myself.
“Okay, brother, I’ll do that,” I say, and walk away. There’re too many nightmares to wake anybody up right now.
A little boy lies dead in front of me. His legs are twisted around a bicycle, his back broken so that he stares up at the darkening sky. Snowflakes fall on his open eyes, his body, slowly burying him in a white shawl. An old leather satchel hangs from his neck – newspapers. I pick one up: Germans Start New Offensive To Take Venice, it proclaims. It seems like news from another century. I open the paper, lay it down so it covers the boy’s face, but change my mind. I put the paper in my pocket and pull his stiff body off the bicycle. It’s not easy, but I manage. I think about burying him, but the ground is too hard. I carry him for a bit, out of ideas. I stop by a house burning in the darkness, the snow slowly winning, and consider cremation, but can’t bring myself to leave him there. I walk on, through what used to be backyards, holding the boy in my arms.
There’s nothing I can do. I lay him down in a clear patch of frosty grass, sit back and watch the snow fall over him.



Chapter Twelve


The road out of the disaster zone is thick with dying and sightless men. Krauss weaves his way through the throng driven by a desire to escape. Survivors scavenge through the ruins, digging for hope. A girl crawls across the wreckage, feeling a way out, finding a corpse. Everyone is abandoning Richmond, except for the soldiers marching in. They’ve cleared a path and Krauss follows it to the heart of the disaster, this time unchallenged.
He passes the remains of the textile mill. A long brick chimney survives in a field of crumbled dreams. Krauss glances into the ruins and sees a room just below street level. Five bodies are wrapped into the bricks and smashed sewing machines, their faces death masks of terror. The floor and walls are soaked with blood. It looks like a slaughterhouse. A young woman sits on the demolished building, sobbing into her hands.
He walks on, aiming for the North Street Station. He keeps hearing about a railway man who saved a lot of lives.
Farther down Campbell Road, he passes the remains of the Richmond Printing Company. All that’s left standing are the heavy granite blocks that formed the entry. It looks like Stonehenge.
The rails in front of North Street Station are torn up, the bridge punched away and lying in a heap, full of death. Most of the tracks are twisted, but some lie perfectly in order. The grand hotel attached to the station lost all its glass but is mostly intact.
Krauss steps down onto the tracks and goes into the station. The tall brick roof is still overhead, but the ceiling is a carpet of glass over the locomotives. A few routes have been cleared through the dangerous landscape. A handful of soldiers work slowly in the ruins, occasionally pulling out a body and adding it to the stack.
He sees a man sitting on an overturned garbage bin, smoking. Krauss follows his gaze – the body of a woman lies half-buried in mortar and glass. She’s flat on her back, arms flung wide to the sides, mouth open in a shocked ‘O.’ A triangle of glass stabs into her chest, splattered with blood.
“You know her?” Krauss asks, kneeling beside the man. He shakes his head.
“I suppose the soldiers will get to her soon enough,” Krauss adds.
The man nods, smokes, stares at the corpse.
“You here when the ship blew up?” the reporter asks.
The man is silent for a minute, then: “Germans. I heard it was the Germans, blowing up the city.”
Krauss starts to correct him, but then lets it go. He gives the man a moment.
“It was hell,” the survivor finally says. “I was just going to get a newspaper to read on the train to Wolfville, when this thunder roared down from God and slapped the roof, turning the glass into knives.”
The survivor takes a long drag.
“It seemed to be moving real slow, so I could watch everything. The shards of glass came down like fine hail. I watched the crest of their wave move closer and closer to us as a black smoke filled the sky. Then they started going in to people and things flicked back to normal speed. Screaming, crying, dying.”
Another big drag. He’s smoked it right down to the end so it burns his fingers and he drops it, cursing. Breathes out heavily.
“The newsstand took the knives meant for me. I just stood there watching it all. Watched the triangle of glass fall into this woman’s chest. She was so surprised, then fell over dead right away. Nothing I could do for her.”
The survivor shuffles his feet, crunching the glass.
Krauss gets his name and hometown – he’s from Wolfville and was in Halifax for a business meeting. Spent the night in the station’s hotel.
“What are you going to do now?” Krauss asks him. He shrugs.
“Go home, I guess. The officer over there tells me the trains will be running from Rockingham by nightfall and I can get back to the Valley tomorrow, after the worst hurt are evacuated.”
Krauss pats his coat pockets, finds a cigarette and offers it to the man.
“Thanks.” Krauss nods.
They smoke in silence.
“Good luck,” he says as he stands, heading for the officer.



Chapter Thirteen


Evie’s wearing white. It’s the same dress she wore yesterday when we married, but no one cares. The war’s still new and we’re all too excited by the discipline of rations. She’s got her white-gloved arm through mine, pressing her side against my dark suit as we walk on a warm summer’s Sunday. White clouds drift through blue sky and a fresh breeze comes in off the ocean, mingling with pine. Halifax at its best.
Men take off their hats as we pass and give Evie a bow, sometimes ignoring me. She smiles at me and I love her even more. She beckons me and when I stoop down, she kisses me on the cheek.
We walk up the stone steps to the church and the doors are already open. Gossipy old women chatter, exchanging dark looks. My aunts hug Evie, rubbing her back and whispering advice. My uncles shake my hand and speak seriously of war.
No one mentions the ghost of the groom.
We take our seats in my family’s pew and the congregation claps. The veterans of marriage stop by and congratulate us, the men giving me knowing winks and nudges, their wives teasing Evie. She smiles, bites her lip and blushes. She knows what’s expected.
People take their seats, start whispering. I hate the hypocrisy of it all. I want to stand up and challenge them to shout from the rooftops what they murmur behind closed doors.
Father McKay comes up the aisle in solemn procession. He’s smiling, winking at Evie and me, his warm, wrinkled face flushed with a grin. I’m so proud. I wish my parents were alive to see it, but I know they’re in Heaven, watching. Forgiving. My smile wavers. When the priest passes by, Evie catches my eye and sticks her tongue out at me, so only I can see it. I almost laugh out loud. She wets her finger, smoothes my unruly eyebrows.
The priest asks the congregation to join him in welcoming and blessing St. Joseph’s newest family, Mr. and Mrs. Joyce, but this has already happened. There’s applause, reluctant at first but finally made enthusiastic by McKay’s prompting. Those beside us urge us to stand and we do, waving to the congregation. We take our seats and turn back to Father McKay, standing under the cross of Christ that will hang over my whole life, from baptism to burial.
McKay grows serious.
“While today is a day of great joy, as we celebrate the sacred marriage of Thomas to Evelyn, it is also a day of sorrow,” he says, and I wish he wouldn’t go on. “For our brothers in England are caught in a violence not of their making, and the Empire is calling all her sons home to defend her. And so Thomas, like so many others in this city, knows his duty, and tomorrow sails for England.”
The congregation quietens awkwardly. The ghost coughs. Pride takes over. This is our war, our chance to add to the legends of our fathers.
Father McKay calls us up for communion, the last I’ll ever take. I walk to the altar behind Evie, watching her body move under her white dress. I smile and she senses it, turns to me and smiles back, but her eyes are dark with sorrow.
She kneels and takes the bread and the wine and I follow her. I take the cup in my hands and raise it to my lips. I inhale, the richness of the blood mingling with the smell of her body still on my fingers. It’s intoxicating. It’s a perfect moment and I want this clarity to last forever.
I lower the cup.



Chapter Fourteen


We waited too long. I’ve given up trying to make sense of a general’s mind, because there is no sense there. We handed all the German bodies back down the lines and did the same with our own dead. Anyone who had overshot the advanced front lines before getting shot was left to rot, as the officers decided skulking about for corpses in the new No Man’s Land was too dangerous.
We sit uneasily in the captured German trenches. The rain hoses us from dawn to dusk, and tries to drown us overnight. We thicken up our arsenal of field guns and connect the old trenches to the new front lines with duckboard planks. The slow move begins. Thousands of men pick up muddy stuff, lug it forward a few thousands yards, and deposit it in the new holes. Men walking ahead with hundred-pound packs lose their footing, fall into one of the watery holes left by the shells and drown. Sometimes they swim a bit, but never for long with those heavy packs and waterhugging uniforms. Certainly not for long enough to get help.
Officers at the front claim the best ex-German rooms in the dugouts and the rest of us battle for little advantages. I manage to get a cot. And now here we are, settled into our new homes. It always takes a while to work out who’s dead. Sometimes, it’s weeks after an attack and you get to thinking, Where’s that Jimmy gone to? And you find out Jimmy had a shell land on him.
We’re restless to move forward.
“Vat do you tink?” Austin asks me in what he imagines is a German accent. He’s wearing a German helmet, probably pulled off a body found in the trench. His straw-blond hair pokes out under it.
“I think you’re an idiot, and someone will catch sight of your offensive headgear and put a bullet in you before you can say achtung.”
His grin goes lopsided, which it does when he’s hurt. “When do you think we’ll attack?” he asks.
“When the officers have drunk all the schnapps. That’s basically what this war is now: a steady, determined effort to get hammered. When the trench is drunk dry, God pulls his boots back on and on we go.”
“You’re very cyclical,” Austin informs me. I stare at him a while.
“I think you mean ‘cynical.’”
“Yes, that too. I’m here to fight. I didn’t come all the way from Toronto to sit in a hole.”
“I was told to come here,” I tell him. “Seemed sensible at the time, but I’d like to go now.”
Austin looks at me, hurt.
And then, a whistling. We’re all hidden before it hits. The mortar rounds don’t cause much damage, but the trench is soon full of a dark yellowy fog.
“What, are they firing fart bombs at us now?” asks Austin, taking a deep sniff. “Mustard,” he decides.
Soldiers crawl out of their hiding places and eye each other, looking for clues. No one’s sure what the Germans are up to and the officers are suddenly hard to find. But at least no one’s dead.
We go back to getting wet.
Four hours later, the screaming starts. Men are pulling at their eyes, shouting that they’re going blind. Fierce blisters bubble up on arms, faces, shoulders. Men are scratching like mad, their eyelids swollen shut. A panic spreads that we’ve been ordered to attack and dozens of guys climb over, some not even taking their guns, and they mostly come flying back into the trench seconds later, full of holes. Some make it out to No Man’s Land before getting gunned down, left there to die long deaths. Officers swarm the place and pull fellows off the ladders.
“Gas attack!” they shout. “Stay calm, men!”
You may as well tell a waterfall to stop falling. Terrified, sleepless men do not calm easily. The most blistered and deluded men are bundled away.
“Out of mind, out of sight,” I mutter to myself. I run my hands over my body. No blisters. No blindness.
Things settle down. The wounded are shipped back to hospitals and the rest of us are told we have nothing to fear: the gas just causes temporary problems.
Austin slides up to me, nervous. His grin is flopping down on both sides now, but he’s trying to keep it up. He’s still got the German helmet on.
“I think it got on me,” he says, with an unsettling laugh.
“You heard the bosses, it’s not dangerous. They’d never lie to us,” I say, lighting a cigarette.
“It’s in my eyes,” he says, blinking. “It’ll come out.”
“I don’t want to go blind,” he says.
I notice he’s dressed for battle, holding his rifle. “I can’t face that shame.”
“What shame? Escaping mass slaughter for sport alive?”
“I can’t go home like this … I can’t live a coward’s life!”
He’s breathing fast and he’s got that crazed look that comes when you decide to discount the evidence of the world entirely. He’s only seeing what’s inside his head now.
“I’m going to die a hero!” he screams, pumping his rifle up and down. A couple of men watch him, wary, amused.
“Steady on, Aussie Aus,” I tell him. “To Berlin!” he hollers.
With that, he’s over the top. I grab at his boot heels, but he’s too fast. We watch him run a few thousand yards, darting around the ghostly trees, sidestepping the shell holes. German machine guns warm themselves up and shoot his body right in two. The top half drops to the ground. The bottom half teeters over into a muddy hole, and that’s the end of Austin.
Next dawn, we launch an attack. Pilckem Ridge. Thirty-two thousand dead and we’re two thousand yards ahead. We didn’t make it as far as Austin.



Chapter Fifteen


The group of men in tattered rail uniforms huddle quietly in the centre of the destroyed North Street Station. They smoke, talking in low voices. Snow falls through the broken glass ceiling. Krauss introduces himself, offers his hand.
One of the men takes it. He’s older, grey eyes, stiff posture. “Chief Clerk Michael Davenport,” the man says.
“You men here at the blast?”
The men look at each other, don’t hold eyes.
“I saw the crash,” Davenport admits, “and got word what was on board. I warned my men, called the other offices, and followed my instructions to leave. It was not two hundred yards from here, and ready to blow. But I thought it would just bruise the harbour. This…” he says, sweeping his hand over the land, shaking his head.
“Lose any of your men?” Krauss asks. More silence.
“There was one man. Coleman.” Krauss notes this, waits for more.
“Vincent Coleman. Train dispatcher. We were right in there,” Davenport says, pointing to the foundation of a little building. “Talking about the fire, of course. Looking out at the burning ship. A sailor runs by and tells us to get out, the ship’s going to blow. Coleman seemed to know what was coming. The rest of us were watching, glad for a break from the routine. But Coleman, I mean, he was just desperate. He was running around the streets, telling everyone to get out, scaring the children. I told him to settle down. I mean, even if it blew, it’d just damage the dockyards. I called the Cornwallis office, told them, and then Coleman and I left. Only …”
Davenport trails off, staring at the empty train yards.
Krauss waits. The other men busy themselves kicking the rubble.
“Coleman turned back,” Davenport continues. “I told him it was too dangerous, but he said there was a train due in, and it’d be here in minutes – and if the ship blows, hundreds more will die. He started banging away on the telegraph machine.”
Davenport pauses for a slow drag of his cigarette.
“I started up the hill, toward Fort Needham for a better view, and some distance,” he says, exhaling smoke. “Who knew what was in store for Halifax?”
He stares out to the harbour.
“Coleman must’ve got the message off, because the trains were stopped before Rockingham.”
Krauss gives Davenport a moment to wipe away a tear. The other men shuffle, clear their throats.
“And Coleman?”
“Dead,” he says, pointing to a pile of bricks. “He was in that building. Nothing could have survived that.”
Krauss tucks his notebook back in his pocket. Davenport finishes his cigarette, grinds it into the ground.
“I’m heading out there now, to Rockingham, to see what we can do. You want to come?”
Krauss nods and the pair clamber into the back of a waiting wagon and start the slow ride out of the city.



Chapter Sixteen


I stumble into the worsening storm. The city is bright with fire, houses burning like Bedouin camps, brighter than it has been in years. We’ve been living in blackout conditions since the war, but tonight, Halifax is alight.
Troops march past, garrison trucks race around the debris, horses pull carriages laden with corpses and the wounded. Women and men lift broken houses, pulling out the living and the dead and the dying.
The blizzard settles onto the city, its swirling whiteness dancing over the char-black ruins. A family huddles in a buckled house with the windows all blown out, burning their broken home to stave off the cold. Some have nailed carpets across the smashed windows to block out the worst of the storm. Most have gone to friends and family in the south end.
Night has changed the city. The panic has abated, people too tired and beaten to continue it. There’s a weariness now, slumped shoulders and dead faces. The explosion lasted seconds, but the shock waves are still blasting the living. I can’t believe it’s dark. I want to run down to the harbour and stare at the hole where the Mont Blanc was – this reality is too big to hold. I need to let it in piece by piece. First, accept that the ship blew up. Go from there.
I stare at the desolate ruins disappearing under snow and don’t believe it.
The snow is lovely. It’s a slow, wet snow. It’s thick white paint on the trees, clinging to everything, wrapping around branches, filling the roads, silencing the horror, blanketing the bloody land with warm amnesia. In this unreal city, lit white in the black night by the flames, snow falls fearlessly into the fires, smothering the heat, waging a relentless war it knows it will win. It comes sideways into my face, coating my eyebrows, stinging tears from my eyes, sliding down my chest. A wind claws my skin through the thin shirt I’m wearing. I pull myself through the accumulating beauty, my bootless foot red and aching. I roam for hours, miles, centuries, running from the terrible present. The day can’t end if I’m still awake. None of this is real until I sleep.
I blink my eyes open and I’m moving through a cemetery swirled in white. Under a heavy oak tree, a grave gapes in the ground and the snow turns a deep black. I walk to the edge of the grave and the black snow blows through me, luring me deeper, erasing my existence. The hole is bottomless and comfortless and I fly into it, resting, eyes closing. I pull the black snow over me like a shroud and fall into oblivion.
“Tom! Tom!”
Someone grabs my shoulders and hauls me out of the snowdrift, and away from dying dreams.
“Tom! Wake up – you’re not dead yet!”
I’m bundled up in big arms, carried and set down near the sweetest warmth I’ve ever known. I’m icy with death. The big arms embrace me, stirring life out of my lifeless limbs. My name is said again and again.
I open my eyes.
“Tom! There’s work to be done, breath to be drawn. Don’t go out yet.”
Michael Ryan, the giant of the sugar refinery. He’s on his knees, wrapping a rough cloth around my frostbitten foot. I try to pull him away from the pain, but he finishes the job. I’m sitting on a fine sofa, though it’s scorched black. The right arm is cinders and I’m squished into the left. We’re in a roofless house with three walls. In front of us, the dismantled dining-room table is warmly ablaze. An edge of jutting ceiling shelters us. Ryan stands, then clutches his chest, his face twisted in pain. He sways for a moment, then recovers himself and squeezes in next to me, breathing hard.
“Coat?” he says, making to hand me his. He’s paler than the snow in his hair, and bright blood trickles down his chin, staining his winter coat.
“Nnnnn,” I say, finding my mouth frozen.
Ryan smiles at that, opens his coat and pulls me inside with him. I can feel warm blood on his chest, but I’m not sure if it’s mine or his. His breathing is uneven, like his lungs are damaged.
“Christ, you’re like my baby,” he laughs. “Aaaaa,” I start, but can’t shape my jaw.
“Shhh. Plenty of time for gabbing later. Right now, just focus on being alive. Deal?” he asks, grinning at me.
I’m having a hard time focusing on him. I think he looks like an angel in the yellow glow.
“Closer to a devil!” he laughs, and I realize I’ve spoken aloud. Ryan rubs my arms and chest and I climb back into my body. “Hungry?” he asks me, and suddenly I’m starving. I haven’t thought about food all day, but the last thing I had was breakfast. “Steak?” he asks.
“Steak?”
Ryan breaks into a grin.
“With all the trimmings, so long as all the trimmings you want are steak.”
He steps to the fire and pulls a couple of hunks of meat out of a snowbank.
“Neat trick, eh?”
“Where on earth did you get steaks?” I ask as he stabs them with a long branch and starts to cook them over the fire.
“Butcher’s down the road. Figured all our property is communal for the moment. I’ll pay him back when things settle out,” Ryan explains, and I know he actually will.
“Where were you?” I ask, the smell of the cooking meat filling my nostrils.
“This morning?” I nod.
“At the refinery,” he says, holding onto his tough front. When his first-born boy died before reaching his third month, Ryan was at work the next day. Most of the fellows at the refinery never knew anything had happened. He felt things all right, but kept them deep down inside.
“I was up on the roof with everyone else, watching the burning ship. There was like a hundred of us up there. Everyone. Bosses and ordinary folk. Such a nice morning. Then, I get a bad feeling. Can’t explain it. So I decide to walk down to the water myself, see if that makes sense of what I’m feeling. I get downstairs all right – that’s a long walk, I can tell you – and make it two steps before the end comes. I’m behind a little hill, and most of the blast blows up around that. I got smacked in the chest with something and it knocked me out for a bit. When I came to I was bleeding and dazed. I looked back and the refinery is gone. So I start looking for survivors.”
“You badly hurt?”
“No,” he says, holding his chest. “It’s mostly stopped bleeding. It’s too damn cold for blood to run anyway,” he says, making light. I can see now that his blood has gone through his shirt and coat, wonder how bad he’s really hurt.
“Your family?” I ask. Ryan has a wife and five kids. When he was declared an essential worker, and thus spared the fight in Europe, his wife Rachel couldn’t stop smiling. The eldest child, a girl, was seven, and able to start helping with the younger ones, but Rachel wasn’t hopeful about her ability to feed and clothe all the kids without Ryan. Ryan had me and Evie over for dinner when I got back – a tiny house bursting with the noise of happy children. Evie and I just grinned, imagining our own family.
“Gone,” he says. “Wife died in the house, the children died in the school. Found all the bodies, though, so I guess that makes me lucky.” His voice shakes and he takes a moment to get himself together.
We stare into the fire for a while. “You? Evie?” he eventually asks.
I shake my head. “I left her at home, but that’s gone now, and she’s not in it. At least, nowhere I could find.”
“That’s good,” he says. “She’s dead.”
“You don’t know that.” We watch the snow.
“Well-done all right for you?” he asks, inspecting the steaks. “Fine.”
Ryan pulls one steak off and hands it to me, taking the other for himself.
“Sorry, cutlery is a bit basic,” he apologizes. “Water?”
He’s got melted snow in a pot. I take a drink – it’s cold and wonderful.
“Thanks,” I say, biting off a chunk of my steak.
Ryan sits back down on the sofa with me and we sit in silence, steak juice running down our chins and hands.
“How were … things, anyway?” he asks quietly. “Bad.”
There’s nothing to say to that.
“She’s a good woman. She knows what you’ve been through, knows you aren’t … aren’t right in the head just now. You’ll get better. It’s like a broken leg – just takes time to mend.”
“Only it’s my head that’s broken.”
“So at least nothing important,” he jokes.
I’d like to laugh, but don’t know how. Ryan shifts in the awkward silence.
“Sorry,” he finally says. I tell him it’s fine, I just can’t get my brain to work right now.
We stare into the fire.
“What happened between you and your brother…” Ryan starts, but I cut him off.
“Don’t tell me it’s all right. It’s not. It wasn’t, and it isn’t now.”
“Life is hard,” Ryan says heavily, like he’s got his own guilty secrets. “People make mistakes.”
“It wasn’t a mistake,” I tell him coldly.
He nods, and I’m sorry I’ve spoken harshly. He’s a good man, trying to ease my burden.
“It’s the past now,” I say.
“Is it?” he counters, looking at me sadly. I want to tell him everything. But I can’t.
It’s warm, and my eyes are heavy. I put my head on Ryan’s shoulder and fall into rough sleep. Wild dreams explode in my mind. Halifax is strewn with barbed wire and rotted corpses, Germans are pressing up Citadel Hill and I’m the last defender. I’m sitting in a pill box with a machine gun, buzzing down the Huns, but counting the bullets as they go, knowing exactly how many I’ve got left. More men than bullets: I’ll lose, it’s just a question of when.
A man holding a torch, shouting for his family, wakes me. The flames shine on his shattered face in the howling storm, the yellow glow flickering over his red cuts. He screams names over and over. The city is darker now, moving into the heart of the blizzard. We’re all shadows. Ryan’s fire is out and snow drift has climbed our legs. I’m chilled through.
“Poor man,” I tell Ryan, watching the tormented survivor scour the ruins.
Ryan is silent. I look at him; his face is still, blue around his light beard, his chest at peace. I jump up, terrified, like he’s drowning and going to pull me under. I curse and fall into the ashes of the fire, my foot damaged and unstable. He’s dead. Like all the others. Like this whole city.
I stand, chilled to be so near death. How had I slept through it? How did his final breath not sound like the final trumpet? Why wasn’t the collapse of his life louder than the falling walls of Jericho? But he’s gone. Not even a whimper. I start off into the maelstrom.
I limp through the empty blackness a little way, then turn back.
I take Ryan’s coat, his boots and socks, shaking the thick snow off them. Everything is too big. I feel like a child.
I don’t know what to do with the rest of Ryan. He’s down to his work pants and a tired undershirt. I try to pick him up, but he’s too heavy. I drag him to the street, carving a long hole in the clean snow. I pull him over the threshold of the ruined house and out onto the street where I stop, panting. Now I want him back in the house, hidden, because someone will see I’ve robbed a dead man.
Before I can act, a black horse looms out of the shadows. It throws its big head back inches from mine and whinnies as the driver pulls the reins back. A voice booms out of the darkness overhead: “Dead?”
I nod, then shout out, “Yes.”
“Put him on. I’m going to the morgue and I got room for one more.”
I can’t see the driver’s face, just the wild eyes of his horse. It’s got a bad cut on its flank; it’s exposed, but not bleeding. It snorts puffs of warm air into the frozen night. I drag Ryan to the back and try to lift him onto the wagon. I can’t budge him – his heavy corpse is frozen already and my hands are numb. The driver jumps down and grabs Ryan’s shoulders and we wrestle him onto the wagon. There must be twenty corpses stacked in there, faces frozen in fear, bodies covered in snow. A loose tarpaulin rides across the top of the wagon.
“You all right?” the driver asks me. I don’t answer.
“There’s help set up,” he tells me. “Warm places, food, somewhere to sleep. I can drop you at one of the hospitals.”
“I need to find my wife,” I explain. He shrugs. “She might be there.”
“Where are you going?”
He looks at me steady in the eye. “Chebucto Road School.”
“Why?”
A beat of silence.
“It’s been turned into a morgue.” That sits between us.
“Take me there,” I tell him.
He nods, “Okay. I’m sorry, but there’s only room for one up front.”
My turn to nod.
“You’ll have to sit back here with …” he trails off, gesturing to the dead.
He gives me a boost and I clamber up, finding room to stand on the edge, clutching the wood side. I avoid touching the bodies, as if death were contagious.
The driver hops up front, glances back at me, shakes his head. “What a world,” he mutters, then whips the horse into motion. The bodies are jolted and I have to grab one dead man by the shoulders to keep him from falling out.
We clatter down Gottingen Street and as we move south, the city claws its way out of the rubble. Further from the blast, the houses still stand, busted frames exposing their innards. Invisible fists have punched holes in their stomachs, sliced open gashes. Snowdrifts pile up in bedrooms and kitchens. A flotsam of arms and legs and chimney pipes stick out of the clean white dust. Dead bodies are stacked to the side of the road, like trash awaiting collection. A yellow dog is chewing on a body, snow settling on its fur. The driver shouts at it, throws something. The dog snarls, turns after us, barking. We pull away and it disappears into the snow.
Dull human eyes gaze up at us, seeing nothing – lost souls searching for life. There’re two kinds of living people now – those who have found others, and those who haven’t. Those who are left alone wander aimlessly, whole beings locked into a scream of disbelief. It’s unnerving. I can’t look at those dead people.
An unearthly light brightens the fog of snow, speeding toward us. The glowing snow terrifies my addled mind and I scream for the driver to watch out, but the wind whips my words dead.
The light catches us – it’s an officer on a horse with an oil lantern hung around its neck. He glances over the corpses as he passes, startled to see me alive. We hold eyes like we’re passing on the River Styx before he draws even with the driver. They exchange words I can’t hear and the officer kicks his horse into a gallop. The blizzard consumes them both.
It’s a long ride through hell and I’m relieved when we turn up North Street. Here, it’s almost normal. People stand in their windows, warm fires behind them, watching us pass. You can tell the owners – clean, composed, upset – from their guests – scarred and dirty survivors not grasping why they aren’t home any more. I glimpse a trembling woman in a ripped dress smeared with soot, standing in the middle of a pleasant living room, holding a cup of fine china, rags wrapped around her bleeding head.
Those who have lost a little wail and cry; those who have lost everything are silent. Too much grief breaks the human mind.
The streets full of unbroken homes now seem unreal to me. Surely the whole world is gone?
We push through the deep snow, the sweating horse breathing heavily. The wagon jolts when we bump over a snow-buried body. But we’re full. We don’t stop.
The windows of the new brick school are all kicked out, but the walls are mostly standing. Six wagons like ours are parked at a back door while soldiers unload a seventh, stacking the stiff corpses neatly beside a bent door heading to the basement. The drivers smoke and make low talk. A few civilians come and go. Out on the road, wagons thunder past blindly in the blizzard. I jump down from the wagon, glance back at Ryan. I think of staying with him, helping carry him to the morgue, but give up on it. Let the dead worry about the dead. I walk past the soldiers, following the torches down to the basement.
It’s a grisly scene down here. A low, dark ceiling hangs over a dingy floor, lit only by a few torches and oil lamps hanging on the walls. It’s damp, the concrete floor dirty. Stretching out among the pillars before me like small white crosses marking graves are hundreds of bodies. There’s easily room for a thousand, but it’s only a fifth full.
It’s an orderly apocalypse. Rows and rows of corpses, most covered with white sheets. Some have little piles beside them: a girl’s body next to some school books; a watch and keys next to an old man; a baby next to a young woman. Soldiers keep bringing corpses in, dropping them on the concrete with a dull flop, leaving them to be washed and laid out in the hopes someone will be able to identify them. Nurses come with the white sheets. Others walk around with clipboards, compiling a list of the dead, noting their age, race, sex and any possessions that were found near them.
A woman asks if she can help me. She’s maybe twenty, blond hair tied back. Pretty in her starched uniform, but drained by her work.
“I’m looking for my wife,” I tell her. “Name?”
I say it, and she checks her clipboard, then shakes her head. My heart stops.
“She’s not on my list. But most of them –” she waves her hand over the dead. “We don’t know who they are.”
I notice other people down in this Hades. An old man in a clean shirt and tie, leaning on his grandson, limps from one body to the next. At each one they stop, and the young man pulls back the sheet. The old man stoops, takes a long look, then shakes his head. The boy replaces the sheet and moves on. Collapsed souls searching among broken bodies.
“Why the school?” I ask the nurse.
“The morgues were full hours ago,” she explains. “We’ve got thousands of soldiers and sailors collecting the dead and they need to bring them somewhere. They learned how to prepare after the Titanic went down a few years ago, and all those bodies came to Halifax. The man who oversaw that, he’s overseeing today’s recovery.”
I nod in the gloom. So that’s the scale of it: a poor man’s Titanic. A whole city sunk, and no lifeboats.
“Where do I start?” I ask the nurse.
A tear sneaks down her cheek. She rubs it away. “I don’t know,” she says, and turns from me. She kneels at a sheet, pulls it back, notes the details of the newly dead.
I stand there for a long time, watching the old man’s progress. Tears are running down his tired, wrinkled face. He’s got eyes that have seen too much. His bottom lip is quivering. With each revealed body, he lets out a trembling sigh, contemplating the scarred face on behalf of humanity before signalling for the boy to cover it. It’s like he’s channelling the grief of the dead. His hands are shaking badly. Crying over the burns of one dead girl, the old man pushes the tears off his face.
Eventually, he finds what he was hoping never to see. With a sharp howl, he collapses before the grandson can catch him. The old man drapes himself over a dead old woman, his body shaking with sobs. The grandson tries to comfort, tries to pull his grandfather off the body. He looks around, desperate for help.
A nurse slowly makes her way down to the trio, clipboard in hand.
I sigh, begin my own descent into the underworld.
I start where I’m standing and move slowly down the long aisles. The uncovered bodies are better, as you just glance at them and move on. The ones with the sheet – you have to kneel down, turn your heart to steel, lock up your stomach, and lift the cloth. It’s like putting a pistol to your head and pulling the trigger. It keeps clicking. I see friends, colleagues from the refinery, cousins. Strangers. Young, old, male, female. Mostly sliced up bad, killed by the windows. Crushed by walls, burned to death. Killed by curiosity.
I manage to get to a dark corner before I throw up. I apologize to an approaching nurse, humiliated, and find some rags to clean up the mess. It’s the smell. It’s warmer in the basement and the frozen dead are starting to thaw, filling the air with a fetid stench.
I’m halfway down the first line when a body opposite me shocks the place by standing up. It does it quickly, all in one motion as the sheet falls to the floor, and this bewildered corpse of a middle-aged man missing half its left leg is standing there, shivering like it’s the bottom of the Arctic Ocean. It’s got a cloth wrapped around its head and dried blood all over its face.
“Whaaaaaa!” it starts to say, but that turns into a scream. It’s shaking and people are just staring at it when it falls over. This breaks the spell and the nurses rush to the resurrected man, surround him in a scrum.
He keeps making that awful noise but the nurses soothe him.
“Where’s my leg?” he screams, his arms searching for it. “What’s going on here!” demands an army doctor suddenly on the scene. The nurses clear back and the doctor kneels beside the violently convulsing man. The doctor takes his pulse, as though it’s not clear if he’s alive, and shakes his head.
“Get him to the hospital straight away!” he says to four soldiers. They grab the sheet that the man was under and roll him onto it. They lift it up like it’s a stretcher and double-time him up the stairs.
Now it’s really quiet – I can hear water dripping somewhere. The whole basement is paralyzed, distrustful of the dead. One of the nurses lets out a nervous laugh.
“Anybody else have something to say?” a young soldier asks. More unsettled laughter.
More soldiers come tromping down the stairs, carrying more dead, and hell resumes its business.
I find my neighbour’s family. His wife’s face is cut up along the cheeks, her skin burnt. Two little girls in pretty yellow dresses, both with dents in the side of their heads and caked blood along their necks. Clothes are torn, revealing ugly scrapes, like the children were yanked out of the wreckage. Next to them is a man who lives two doors down, but the morgue people have them together like they’re a family.
I shout that they’ve made a mistake, but no one listens to me. I grab a nurse by the elbow and tell her they’ve got it wrong.
“All right, sir, there’s nothing we can do right now,” she says, trying to pull away. I tighten my grip and something scares her, and she’s shouting for help. Two soldiers grab me by the arms, using pressure points to get me away from her. They back me up and pin me against a wall. I think I’m in trouble, but an officer comes over, dismisses them. He tells me to relax, gets a nurse over, and has me tell her who the dead are. But they don’t move any of the bodies. I guess it doesn’t matter.
I get back to work.
I see a wisp of brown hair coming from the next sheet and vomit rises up my throat, but I stop it. I feel drunk and I haven’t slept in sixteen hours. It’s her, I can see through the sheets and see Evie’s face, mouth twisted into a final smile, eyes open but closed, never to see me again, never to forgive and I want to kill everyone in the morgue for leaving her here on the cold floor.
I fall on her screaming and sobbing and there’s a clatter of feet and the soldiers are back but not touching me. I howl and pull back the sheet.
It’s not her.
It doesn’t look anything like her.
I’m hyperventilating now, and the nurse I grabbed earlier is calming me.
“Is this your wife, sir?” she keeps saying, and I’m gasping for air, my heart thudding wildly. I think I’m having a heart attack. The nurse catches my eyes, pulls me down. I watch her chest, match my breathing to her lungs, and she holds my hand, stroking the back of it.
“She’s in a better place,” the nurse says, fingering the silver cross round her neck. I want to protest but I’ve got no air.
“Not mine,” I finally manage to gasp. I repeat it a few times before the nurse catches on. For a second she’s angry, like I’m wasting her short reserves of empathy, but then she gives me a tired smile.
“Sir, you’ve looked at all of the bodies,” she says, stroking my cheek. “Your wife isn’t here. Maybe she’s waiting for you outside. Try the hospitals, or with friends and family outside of Richmond.”
The nurse helps me stand, holds my arm as I stumble toward the stairs. I climb up, leaning heavily on the banister. We flatten ourselves into the side when a group of soldiers brings another body down. I don’t even look at it. I can’t imagine the sun ever rising again, so I just need to keep believing Evie is alive until this day ends, stopping the universe with it.



Chapter Seventeen


The cold air billows into Krauss as he approaches the Chbucto Road school that’s serving as a make-shift morgue. He sees a young man emerging, pulling a thick coat around him as he steps out into the driving snow. It’s coming in from all sides now, shifting with the wind. Hard, stinging snow pelts the man in the face and he hides behind the coat’s upturned collar. The air turns and the snow is crashing down into his eyes. Twists of wind jab him in the head. It’s a relentless boxer. He can’t escape.
The man’s exhausted. He looks familiar. Krauss finally places him. They were standing side by side at the pier when the ship blew up. But the man has aged twenty years in a day, his pale face gaunt as though he’s been awake for months.
There’s a growing stack of bodies by the door. Five wagons wait, horses shivering, drivers huddling for a smoke while weary soldiers remove their freight. It’s like they’ve emptied out all the cemeteries. Another horse and buggy pops silently out of the snow. It’s hard to hear anything but the howling wind.
“Excuse me,” Krauss shouts, hand on the young man’s shoulder.
“Yes?”
He introduces himself, hand out. The young man stares at it like he’s forgotten what he’s supposed to do with it, then shakes it.
“Tommy Joyce,” he mutters.
“We were standing next to each other when the ship blew,” the reporter reminds him, shaking his head. “And we both survived.”
“Apparently,” Joyce says, restless eyes scanning the storm.
Krauss offers the man a cigarette. He takes it and they step back inside the door to light them off the torches on the wall.
“What’s it like down there?”
“Hell. Dead people, dead dreams. You’d think there was nobody left alive in this city,” Joyce says. His eyes are on the ground, staring through the concrete. “It’s crazy down there. So much fuss, for the dead. Seems to me if we just leave them where they fell, they won’t go anywhere.”
“Who you looking for?” asks the reporter.
The man sighs. Says something Krauss can’t make out. “Sorry?”
“Nothing. My wife. Evelyn. I’m looking for my wife,” he says. “Early twenties, very pretty, brown hair,” he says, perked up now. He holds Jack’s eyes for the first time as he describes where he last saw her.
“Sorry, I haven’t seen her,” Krauss tells him.
Joyce sighs again, his eyes resuming their thousand-yard stare. “I’m going crazy,” he mutters, scuffing his shoes on the ground. “Seeing her everywhere, nowhere. I can’t stop.”
“Have you checked the hospitals?” the reporter asks.
“No. I don’t know why. I can’t think clearly. My head’s all scrambled.”
The reporter nods. “Shell shock.”
“Shell shock?”
“Yeah. Soldiers get it, over in Europe, when a shell blows up right near them. It’s part concussion, part psychological. There’s plenty of debate over whether it’s for real, or just an excuse to leave the frontlines.”
The man stares at him, dragging on the cigarette. Krauss shifts uncomfortably.
“That’s what I’ve read, anyway,” he says, backtracking. “A doctor I was talking to earlier today told me people here would be suffering from it just the same. This is an act of war, he told me–probably the deadliest single act in this war. He’s seen plenty when he was in London helping out, but nothing like this.”
“I know about shell shock,” Joyce tells him levelly. “I’ve seen plenty of good men shot dead for it.”
“Shot?” he asks, bewildered.
“For cowardice. Men who couldn’t move, who couldn’t follow suicidal orders to go over the top and get eaten alive by German guns. Scared of that death, but they faced their own rifles with plenty of courage. Strange thing.”
“You were overseas?” He nods.
The reporter pushes for more. Joyce just shakes his head. “That’s nothing to do with this.”
They part to let soldiers carry another body through. “Where you off to next?” the reporter asks.
The man tries to think, taking a drag. It’s warm inside, and he doesn’t seem eager to face the blizzard.
“Don’t know. You publishing tomorrow?”
Krauss shrugs. “Not sure. I filed all my early copy – what happened, the relief effort and all that. The telegraph was out most of the day, so nobody outside of Halifax knows what’s going on. Word’ll be spreading now. I’ve heard that people as far away as the Valley and Cape Breton felt the blast. Our presses were hit, but there’s talk of a hand-printed edition tomorrow. Should be back to normal by the next day.”
Joyce raises his eyebrows.
“I mean, the paper should be back to normal,” he says, apologizing. Joyce nods, letting him off the hook.
“You should check the hospitals,” Krauss suggests. “Or the Commons. The army’s set up a tent city, and there are supposed to be loads of people sleeping there tonight. I’m going back over in a bit, if you want company.”
The young man shakes his head.
“Thanks, but if I stay here a minute longer, I think I’ll just curl up with the corpses and fall into that endless sleep.”
Krauss’s eyes widen. Joyce shakes his head again.
“No, I’m just exhausted. I don’t know what I’m doing. I need to rest. If Evie’s dead, then so what? Doesn’t matter what I do.
If she’s alive, I’ll find her. I just can’t stand still,” he says. The door opens and a soldier bursts in, carrying a body. He’s surprised to see the men and starts to salute, then sees they’re civilian. He drops his hand and stomps into the basement.
“Good luck,” Joyce tells the reporter, stepping up to the outside door.
“You too,” Krauss answers, heading down to the morgue.



Chapter Eighteen


I’m rotting in an open grave, clothes soaked and gluey, a muddy rain battering my helmet. I’m scribbling on a damp piece of paper, the rusted corrugated iron above my head providing scant shelter.
“Dear whor–,” I start, but the pencil snaps and I curse, start sharpening it again with my knife. I’m down to the last inch and I haven’t gotten past the greeting.
The rain screams on down from the dull grey sky, turning the trench into clay. Every step you take, the earth grabs at your feet, pulls you down. It’s hungry today. I’m shaking – from anger and from cold. It’s August, and the rain hasn’t stopped in weeks.
Most of the other soldiers are inside the dugout, sleeping away this misery. I’m on sentry. I volunteered. I can’t be inside. The shells keep banging on the roof night and day, shaking the ceiling beams, sending bursts of dirt over everything. Even the rats get scared, running to us for comfort. At least they make for an easy dinner. The lines back to the canteen keep getting broken by the bombardment and food is scarce.
I’m exhausted. Every time I lie down I fall asleep and the screens of my eyelids show my wife opening the door of my house in the night and a shadow slips into my bed. My closed eyes watch Evie’s infidelity in lingering detail, hear his lustful laughter, eavesdrop on her whispered promises: he means nothing to me. Let him slave away in Europe to pay for this house – when he comes back, we’ll change the locks.
I know she’s done it before. I saw her.
Last week, I was sure she was dead. I had a dream where she was hit by a tram car and died slowly, while strangers watched. I woke up howling and no amount of consoling would soothe me. Eventually, an officer punched me in the jaw, knocking me to dreamless sleep. But I woke up in misery. No amount of reassurances that letters from Canada take time to get to Europe worked. I hadn’t heard from her in two months: because she was dead, was the only conclusion I could reach. Or she didn’t care.
Then I got a letter that showed she was alive – or at least she had been, a few weeks ago – but that just threw my broken brain down another shaft. It started when George found out his wife was pregnant. George hasn’t been near his wife in years.
I can’t sleep.
I dig into my coat pocket and pull out her last letter, wet and scrunched up. I smooth it out on my muddy leg, read it again.
“Dear Tommy,” she starts, then gives me an update on people back home, mixed with a few funny stories. I skip to the end:

I miss you! I think about you constantly, worrying about you getting hurt. Father McKay tells me not to fret, that it is all in God’s hands, but I wonder. As you wrote in your last letter, surely His hands could pick up the guns and hide them in a mountain, if that were the case.
But we pass along this dark road, finding what light we can, and soon, you will be home. This will be no more than a bad dream.
Love, Your Evie.

P.S. What do you mean, am I enjoying the company of the soldiers and sailors filling Halifax? They’re noisy and rude, always looking for booze and women. I ignore them as best I can.

I snapped the pencil twice circling “what light we can.”
The letter confirmed my suspicions. Halifax is a boom town filled with rich men gambling on the dogs of war and handsome soldiers trading on future valour. We’d only been married a day when I shipped out. I’m nothing, a rat hired to dig holes for imperial causes. I’m ugly, covered in mud and haven’t been clean in years. My eyes can only stare now, not gaze sweetly into her eyes. One golden smile from a tempter and I’d lose her forever.
It was revealed to me in the bright light of a shell exploding on the lip of the trench. She wants to be caught. She wants to rub it in my face, this light she’s found. Maybe she’s tired of lying about who she’s lying with, and wants to show me so I’ll divorce her and she’ll have a clean slate. And why not? Life is dark and cold. Any fire will do. If I had light in this hell, I’d want to tell everyone about it.
I did have light. I did tell everyone about her. Now she’s betrayed me.
George knows. George got a letter from his wife in the last batch, too. Two weeks ago, he sat in a dark corner, face blackening as he read.
“She’s pregnant,” he told me. I set down my tin mug of tea. It was the fifth time those leaves had seen boiling water.
“Congratulations.”
“I haven’t touched her in two years,” he said bitterly. He curled his mouth into a nasty smile. “She says, ‘I don’t know how this could have happened!’” he snarled, reading from the letter. He continued: “‘Things are very hard here at home, and I need to feed our Billy somehow.’”
He threw the letter down.
“Billy looks like the butcher,” he told me. I didn’t know what to say.
“I want to survive this war, so I can go home to Halifax and kill the both of them,” he said calmly. “If the law commends me for killing all these Germans who I’ve got no grudge with, surely it will praise me for killing my wife and her lover.”
“It’s a hard thing,” I told him, smug, ignorant, staring into my mug of weak tea. I was thinking of Evie, thinking she was dead, wondering if there are worse things than being dead.
George stood up and walked over to me.
“Don’t be so sure of your wife,” he said. I continued staring at my tea. “She’s young, very pretty, and you were only married a day when you left, right?”
I nodded.
“War changes people. Absence makes the heart go wander. Sure, you’re over here dying for your country, but what’s that doing for her? It’s barely putting food on her table, and it sure as hell isn’t putting anything in her bed.”
I leapt from the chair, knocking the mug to the ground, and grabbed him by the throat. I shoved him back against the wall and glared at him.
“You keep your mouth shut about Evie,” I told him. He just laughed.
“She’s honest,” I shouted at him as I threw his head back against the wall.
“Long may you think that,” he said with a bitter smile.
Now, in the rainy trench, those words are a rat eating my brain. I keep seeing Evie with her soldier, with a hundred soldiers, in our bed – in my parents’ bed – and then writing me calm letters of feigned innocence. How long till my Mary tells me I’m joining Joseph as father to another’s child?
I put the knife away. The pencil is sharp: “I hope your light sustai–”
I snap the pencil again. I curse, throw it into the rain-bubbled I stand, squish through the mud, climb a ladder to peer over the trench. The rain wrecks the field, splashing filth in place of grass. There’s endless barbed wire, traps, and shell holes.
The Australian boy is still out there. I can see his bony foot sticking up out of a hole like a golf flag. It’s been a month. There won’t be much left next time we do a run for bodies.
I always volunteer for that. It’s insane: we run out in the dark, putting beating hearts at risk to haul rancid corpses out of the ground so that we can stick them in another part of the ground. They send me on all the mad missions now. They know I’m dead inside and restless to make the outside match. They’re tired of me waking them up with my screaming.
I’m tense now, ready to go over the top. Sometimes, I see her touching him and I need to die, or kill. It doesn’t matter which. I want to shoot dead all the Germans right now, so we can end this idiocy and I can go home. Maybe I should shoot all the men in my trench and convince a sane German to do the same in his trench. It’d be the same result as what we’re doing now, only quicker.
But I want to live and go home in a fury of righteousness.
This cuckolder thought he could avoid the war by staying home and warming another’s bed.
I’m going to bring the war to him. clay.
I’ve been in this hole for centuries. Centuries of bombs, bullets and shells, while she reclines in my bed with her lover. Lovers. Centuries of starving while she eats the wages I send home. Centuries of celibacy while he feasts upon her daily.
I don’t know who he is. That’s what I want to ask in this letter. Stop lying. Tell me who. My cousin? One of those weakhearted men who found some reason to avoid their duty on the frontlines? All of Canada’s men are here; those left behind aren’t worth the mud on our boots.
I know I’m crazy.



Chapter Nineteen


Krauss walks down the dark street to see what relief work is being carried out. The storm has dumped a foot of snow over everything, muting the horror. He’s beat, running on adrenaline.
A patrol of soldiers stops him. “Pass?” one asks him.
Krauss doesn’t understand him.
“Have you got a pass? Only officials and residents are permitted in the disaster zone. It’s too dangerous, and we’ve had reports of looting,” a stern soldier explains.
“Looting?”
“Yes, sir. Nothing major – a few shops ransacked, no doubt by desperate men. But we’ve orders to stop that.”
“How?” asks Krauss, eyeing the rifles.
The soldier nods, proud to be seeing real action. “Shoot to kill, if we need to. Of course, that’d only happen if someone gives us trouble,” he says, patting his gun.
Krauss wonders if that’s a threat.
“The room I rented, it’s in there on Harvey Street,” Krauss says.
The soldier shakes his head. “Not any more. Everything’s gone.”
“But where am I to sleep?”
“Try the Armoury, or one of the emergency shelters. I hear there’s still room at Rockhead.”
“The prison?”
“Aye, they’ve cleared it out so folks like yourself don’t have to sleep out in the cold. Awfully good of the prisoners, if you ask me.”
A couple of men snicker at that. “I’ll go there,” Krauss decides.
“Just give the disaster zone a wide berth,” the soldier cautions, locking eyes on Krauss. “It could be dangerous.”
“Yes, sir,” the reporter answers. The patrol marches off.
Krauss follows a cleared path along the top of Richmond, pushing through the deepening snow. He passes a few more patrols, and a few stunned residents sitting in the remnants of their homes. It’s not clear what anyone could loot.
A little girl looking like a ghost in a blue dress walks toward him on the path. The child stares at him, her bright blue eyes radiant in her soot-stained face. Krauss smiles at her, but she just stares back, unblinking.
“How are you?” he asks, squatting in front of the shivering five-year-old. Her soft eyes stay on his. She’s got a bad cut across her right cheek and dried blood mixes with the soot.
“Is your mother nearby?” he asks softly. She shakes her head.
“Father?”
Same reply. Her lip starts to tremble.
“I’m sure they’re just fine,” he soothes. “In fact, I bet they’re looking for you right now!”
Her eyes widen at this and she starts to walk off.
“No, you just wait here. They’ll find you. Who are you with?”
“Mrs. Johnston,” she whispers.
“And who’s Mrs. Johnston?”
She’s quiet for a moment, then: “Teacher.”
“Were you at school when … this morning?” She nods, eyes wide. “The school fell down.”
“A lot of the city fell down. It was pretty scary, eh?” More nodding.
“Say, it’s really late. Where are you going? Did Mrs. Johnston send you somewhere?”
She shakes her head.
“So where are you going?” Silence.
“Where’s Mrs. Johnston?”
The little girl bites her lip, looks back at a ruined house just off the path.
“She in there?” asks Krauss. The girl nods.
“Well, let’s go see her then,” he says, taking her by the hand. They walk into the wrecked house. There’s no light, no fire – no sign anyone’s here.
“You sure this is where Mrs. Johnston is?”
The girl nods, pulls him by the hand. A shape is slumped beneath a broken table.
“She told me to wait, so I did,” the girl whispers. She looks up at Krauss fearfully.
“You did the right thing in going for help,” he says, crouching by the shape. It’s an old woman, stiff and cold, with caked blood on her head. She’s been dead a while.
“You need to get some help,” he tells the girl. “What about Mrs. Johnston?”
“She’d–” The reporter catches himself. “We can’t help her now. But you need help. Come on, let’s find someone who can help you,” he says, leading her out of the house.
They stand in the snowy night, Krauss scanning the ruins and paths for soldiers or citizens. No one.
“Hm. Well, there are people back that way. Maybe if you head down there …” he starts, pointing back toward the checkpoint. The little girl’s eyes go wide. She tightens her grip on his hand.
Krauss looks up and down the snowy path again, and over the ruins. No one.
“Right. I guess I’m the one who’s going to help you. Here, take my coat,” he says, wrapping her in it. “What’s your name?”
“Adelaide,” she whispers.
“Right, Adelaide, I know where we can go.” He picks her up, heads for the prison.



Chapter Twenty


A fierce wind punches me in the stomach and my knees buckle. I grit my teeth and wait it out. When it dies off, I push through the falling chaos into the standing city, heading for the Commons.
I’m lost, wandering through backyards and toppled houses. I can’t see anything and I can’t touch it, just black snow blowing through a lightless night. All the fires are dead and the recovery has slowed to a near-stop. Buried in the blizzard around me are people who lived through the blast and escaped the fires, only to freeze to death. Maybe that’s the best way to go.
I trip over something, fall hard into broken wood. My skin is so cold it seems it’ll tear right off.
It’s a bathtub full of ice, hanging out of a house. Snow’s drifted up all around it, right to the edge. The woman’s still in it, her knees, head and the top of her breasts sitting out of the ice. She’s slim, maybe twenty-four, strawberry blond hair tied back to keep it dry. Freckled face stopped in shock, her frozen hands grip the sides like she’s about to get out. Her shoulders are covered with snow. It looks like nothing at all killed her.
I get up and start running, leaping over the wreckage strewn everywhere. Ghosts howl in the night. I see their shapes without forms pulling at beams without hope. Those of us who still roam the dark city are hollowed out. There’s nothing inside us warmer than this blizzard. Our hearts are gone. Eyes peer out of the dark night, searching through death’s kingdom.
I run, falling, getting up, calling for Evie.
In the uncounted hours of the night I stumble into a drift of snow and lose consciousness. Evie’s whisper is warm blood in my ear. I see her in ruins, trapped in an icy crypt, the cold claiming her pale skin inch by inch. She’s kissing the wind, calling my name.
I get up and run.



Chapter Twenty-one


“Where exactly was your house?” Krauss asks as they tromp through the thick snow.
The girl stares wide-eyed at the darkening devastation.
“Yeah, it’s a bit hard to tell what’s what, eh? Don’t worry about it – just tell me if you see anything familiar.”
An army truck rumbles past, towing a sled. The bodies are loosely covered with a sheet.
“What’s wrong with those people?” Adelaide asks.
“They’re sick,” Jack says, thinking quickly. “The soldiers are taking them to hospital.”
“But you said hospitals are all full,” she says.
“I guess they’ll make room for those people,” he mumbles. “That’s my tree!” she suddenly cries, and he’s happy the subject has changed.
A birch stands tall before them, somehow untouched by the blast that levelled everything else in the area.
“How can you be sure?”
“Look!” she says, running up to it, pulling Jack with her. “My initials! Daddy carved them in it for me,” she explains, pointing to the mark.
“So where’s your house from here?” She looks confused.
“It’s right there,” she says, pointing to a mound of bony snow. “But that’s not my house. My house is bigger.”
They’re close to the water, near the site of the explosion.
“The blast wrecked a lot of things,” Jack explains. “You wait here, I’ll go have a look.”
The girl nods, eyes bigger than moons. Leaving her at the tree, he steps into the snowy ruins. Kicking off the white blanket reveals the house burned after it blew up. It’s mostly ash – beds now indistinguishable from beams. He digs through the wreckage, pulling up pieces while trying to think of what he’ll do if he finds anything human.
He finds nothing, heads back to the girl, but she’s focused on something else.
“What’s wrong with those people?” she asks. “Which people?”
“Them,” she says, pointing.
“Oh,” he says, stumbling for words.
“They’re not moving. They look very cold,” she says. Jack takes her hand, trying to pull her away from the stacked corpses. She’s strong, though, and stubborn.
“They, um, they aren’t feeling very well,” he says. “So they’re sleeping.”
The girl turns her head to look at them. “They’re very still.”
The bodies have almost disappeared beneath the storm when the girl shouts out, “Mummy!”
She drops Jack’s hand, runs to the bodies. He grabs for her but she’s too fast.
“Mummy!” she screams, falling on the body. The little girl cradles the head of the frozen woman. She tries to lift it onto her lap, but it’s stiff, stuck to the ground. She keeps screaming, “Mummy, Mummy!” and Jack stands there like a fool. He pats the girl on the back, but she doesn’t feel him. She’s kissing her mother, whispering to her that it’s all right, everything’s fine, tears streaming down her face.
The dead woman’s head is tipped back, exposing her throat. She’s in her late twenties, and has a lived-in face that’s reaching out to forty. Her arms are crossed over her chest, same as all the other bodies in the stack. Her eyes are closed, her features peaceful. The ice around the left temple is tinged with red, revealing the fatal wound.
Jack tries to pull Adelaide off, but the girl resists fiercely, kicking him till he lets go.
“She’s gone,” he says, but the girl’s sobbing drowns him out. Looking up and down the street, he tries to calm the girl.
“There’s nothing we can do now,” he says softly. “Let’s go find some soldiers and tell them where she is. They can come get her, take her some place … appropriate.”
The girl hears none of it.
Her sobbing and screaming rattle Jack.
“Shh, shh,” he tries, patting her again. “It’ll be all right.”
The girl screams on, howling like the storm has gone inside her.
Jack lets out a sigh that hitches up his chest. He closes his eyes, sits down heavily next to the girl, trying not to look at the bodies, their deadness suddenly unbearable. The snow swirls in from all directions as the wind dances around, covering and uncovering the dead.
Jack drops his head into his hands, driving fists into his eyes. He feels a moisture on his skin and pulls his hands away, cursing himself for opening up his cut again.
His hands are clean.
“Tears,” he mutters, staring at his bloodless fists. He laughs at himself, but the laugh twists into a sob. “Tears,” he repeats, and they come.



Chapter Twenty-two


The destruction fades away and I’m running in an open field. It’s liberating to be free from the containers of death that litter the north end and I sprint through the whiteness, arctic air cutting up my lungs. My scarf is frozen solid and decorated with icy teeth. Ryan’s boots feel like two stones tied to my feet. The blizzard is everywhere, pouring snow like sand down my coat, into my boots and through the holes in my pants.
I crash into a wall and push it down to the ground. It collapses around me, capturing me like a bug in a spider’s web, wrapping me tighter as I struggle. I slow myself, control my breathing, feel my pounding heart ease. I sit up.
It’s a little white tent, teepee-style, made from thick canvas. I pull myself out of it and see others, stable whiteness in the swirling storm. I fight the urge to lie down and sleep – already, snow is covering me and it would bury me alive within an hour.
There are tents everywhere. Army tents. I make a path between them through the heavy snow, trying to work out where I am. I spot a brightness in the storm and walk to it.
The undefeatable Armoury looms out of the clouds of snow with regal confidence. It’s not even lost a brick. The faux castle that serves as the army headquarters is a blaze of activity, with trucks rolling through its front doors and soldiers marching double time. A steady stream of wounded is still being carried inside. When the wind twists the snow, I can make out the darkness of Citadel Hill.
There’s a hospital tent set up on the Commons, just across from the Armoury. I walk through the open flap. My breathing shortens, my chest constricts. Cots form lines on either side of the open space. Doctors and nurses tend to the broken bodies, but there are not many people here. Only those who couldn’t demand a more solid hospital. The wind pounds on the side of the tent, billowing it in. I walk nervously down the aisles. It’s strange to be among people again, in such an orderly place. I glance at the faces. The faces glance back at me. I’ve seen this on the front lines and can tell who will see another morning, and who won’t.
No one I know. No Evie.
I slip back out the flaps and find a young soldier stamping his feet. He tugs his great coat tight around him, using the collar to shelter a match to light a cigarette.
“Want one, sir?” he asks.
I nod. He lights it and hands it to me.
“Who you looking for?” he asks, taking a drag.
“My wife. How’d you know I was looking for someone?”
“Saw you dart in, dart out. You looked like you’re afraid of what you might find.”
I reflect on that for a moment.
“What are the empty tents for?” I ask him.
“It’s for people to sleep in. We set ’em up this afternoon, after we’d done all the digging we could do. Brass figured there’d be lots of homeless people tonight. We’ve packed as many into the Armoury as possible, but we’ve had to turn plenty away. There’s food and drink, but no more room at the inn.”
“So why don’t they sleep in the tents? Warmer than nothing.”
“Don’t know, sir. A few people took one look at the tents and said ‘Uh-uh, too flimsy.’ They’d just seen their solid homes blown to bits, and seen plenty of people trapped in ’em burn to death or suffocate, and I guess they didn’t want to chance it again.”
“But there’s no chance of a further blast, right? The munitions have gone into the sea,” I tell him.
He nods. “That’s true, sir, but people ain’t thinking clearly tonight. All that they thought was safe has proved wrong, so they ain’t sure what to trust.”
I shake my head.
“You look familiar. What’s your name?” I tell him.
“Any relation to Adam Joyce?” he asks. “He was my brother.”
The soldier brightens.
“Your brother is a great man! He trained me up before he went over. Promised to save a seat for me in Berlin,” he says, smiling at the memory. “How is Adam?”
I let out a deep sigh. I’ve been alive for lonely centuries. My eyes are heavy and I just want to lie down.
“Woh! Steady, sir,” the soldier says, grabbing me before I hit the ground. He stands me on my feet, then picks his cigarette out of the snow. “You should lie down, sir. Your wife is probably someplace warm now, having a nice snooze, and she wouldn’t want you doing something foolish like collapsing in a snowdrift and freezing to death, when you could just as easily rest up in one of them tents. You’ll find her in the morning. In fact, if Adam’s here, I bet he’s found her already, and the two of them are waiting for you.”
“Adam’s dead,” I tell him.
“Oh,” he says, shaken. People still think this war doesn’t kill heroes. “I’m sorry.”
I nod.
He leads me through the foot-and-a-half of clean snow covering the Commons, through the hundreds of tents. We pass a few families, poor people who had no south-end friends and whose relatives are all gone. I can see their silhouettes painted black on the white walls. The slumped figures huddle together.
The young soldier opens a tent for me and I fall into it. It’s got a canvas floor, a cot and an oil stove. He says something I don’t hear and sets to lighting the stove. I try to help him but it’s like I’m drunk. He’s got a nice heat coming off the stove and he drops a thick army blanket on me.
“Mind you don’t knock the fire over,” he warns.
I nod and he leaves.
The blackness of the night comes over me and I’m losing consciousness before he’s gone. I pull Ryan’s coat tight, but can’t stop shaking. A moan slips out of me. Evie. I put my love on the wind, and hope it carries it to her living ear.



Chapter Twenty-three


A group of soldiers comes through, collecting bodies. When the corpse crew reaches for Adelaide’s mother, the girl screams and attacks them.
“Hey!” one shouts, pushing her down. He’s exhausted, angry to have a hard job made harder. Night is falling faster than the snow.
Krauss steps in.
“Look, it’s her mother. Just leave it for now,” he tells the soldier.
“I’m only following orders, mister – and we’ve got to clear all the bodies from this area. We can’t wait for everyone to finish grieving.”
“Just … just give her a few minutes. Start with those bodies,” he says, pointing to the far end.
“All the same to me,” the soldier answers, shrugging.
When they get to Adelaide’s mother, Jack coaxes her off. She stands clutching him as they load her mother onto the sled – at least they manage to do that with some decency. When the wagon pulls off, she runs after it, chasing it until she trips over a stray beam, sending her flying into the nails and splinters of a dead house.
“Adelaide!” screams Jack. He picks the girl up off the rubble but she’s bleeding bad, red staining the white snow. She’s moaning, calling for her mother, growing paler by the second.
“It’ll be all right,” Jack whispers, hoping that it will.



Chapter Twenty-four


A shell slams into the ground above the hole, blowing a chunk of mud up into the dark night. It splashes down on me, drowning my scream. I’m wide awake now, hyperventilating and desperate to escape.
“You all right, mate?” I ask Austin, grabbing his upper-half by his uniform’s lapels and shaking his bloated body. “That one didn’t get you, eh?”
Silence. Still dead.
“Never mind, Austin – we’ll get you out of here soon,” I reassure him.
The mud and endless rain, plus the rats and mortar rounds, have done damage to the pretty boy’s bisected body. His left eye got chewed out before I could chase off the rat, but his right eye still glares blankly up into the rain. At least I saved that. His bones stretch his yellow skin taut, poking out in places, and his torso’s bloated and blue. The bottom of his gaping stomach and the top of his hips are a grisly sight, but I’ve covered most of the bones and guts with his uniform. His face is all puffed up, so his lips hide down into a dark pit. His skin’s a soggy paper bag holding his guts together. It’s not much of a bag, and it’s got a huge hole in the bottom, but it’s the only one around. I’m terrified he’s going to pop.
“How would I take you home to your mother if you blow this bone bag?” I ask him, staring at his eye. “You got to keep it together, man. Well, in no more than two parts anyway.”
I giggle at that.
Lightning dances behind the thick grey wall of clouds. A lazy crack of thunder rumbles across the sky. There’s a hole in the clouds, and I watch the one star that’s awake glide across the sky.
The rain thickens so it’s a mist, not falling but turning the air into ocean.
No more shells. That one must’ve fallen short, but who can say which way? The Germans shooting at the Canadians, or the Canadians attacking the Germans? No difference here in No Man’s Land. Well, Two Men’s Land. This is a space outside of humanity, a zone for the unaffiliated. This is where peace lives, this is what peace looks like now.
I wipe as much mud off Austin’s face as I can and crawl over to my side of the hole. It’s deep – five feet before you even hit the water, and I don’t know how far down the water goes. It rises and falls with the rain. Austin and I are perched on the sides of the crater. I set his upper body there first, then went diving to find his legs, and carefully added them. We’ve each got our own ledge, so we can sleep at night.
It’s hard to sleep when the water’s rising and the shells keep dropping out of the sky. You can’t trust the emptiness to stay empty. I keep hearing the kettle-whistle of the shells when I sleep, and I’m trying to run before I’m even awake. A couple of times I’ve woken up in the cold water, clawing at the slippery side only to find it’s quicksand. So far, I’ve managed to get out.
Austin and I’ve been in this hole for a week now. Well, he’s been here longer, but I only joined him a week ago. I think it’s been a week. At the start, I marked the sunsets on the mud wall, but the rain kept erasing my tally. I’ve been piling up rocks, but I keep getting confused, and the sun doesn’t set in the rain, the darkness just darkens.
“I’m going up to have a look,” I tell Austin. “You wait here.”
On my side of the crater, I can stand on my ledge and peer over the edge, not that that helps much. It’s dark and I can see the front lines off in either direction, but that doesn’t tell me which side Austin and I should run to. The war went extra crazy for a bit and I lost track of sides. When things settled down, I was a disoriented diver trying to work out which way the bubbles were floating.
I haven’t worked it out yet, and I’m pretty sure if I stood up on the field, both trenches would have a fair go at killing me.
The rain hasn’t stopped in days. My clothes are going moldy. I’m going moldy. I’ve got mud up my nose, in my ears, under my fingernails. My feet are turning to clay. I won’t take my boots off. I don’t want to see that. The hole stinks of me, the mud and the rotting corpse of Austin.
We’ve been here forever. George and I did a body run during a lull in the shelling a few centuries back. Grabbed four guys and dragged them home before coming back for Austin. George said no, it’s too far out and we’ll never find him in the black night, but I ran off to Austin’s hole and George followed.
I found his torso and George stood at the top of the crater while I went down for his legs. George stooped over to grab Austin’s feet and haul him out when a shell landed on his head. That was the end of George, and me and Austin’s legs got blown down the hole. I nearly drowned in the water, then nearly drowned again diving for the legs. I found a set that didn’t belong to him and left them behind. Found his, scrambled out of the hole and grabbed his torso. The shells were coming down in a hard rain by then, so I buried me and all of Austin in the mud on the side of the hole. The bombing went on for hours, pounding the hell out of the Canadian trench. I fell asleep a couple of times, or maybe lost consciousness. When I was awake, I watched the Zeppelin clouds wander across the sky. Bullets slipped through the air. Shells shook the ground.
Then it stopped, and hell came sprinting out of the German trenches.
We kept buried.
Peering through my mud blankets, I tracked the soldiers leaping over me, but lost count somewhere around eight hundred. We weren’t far from the trench and heard the squealing as the Germans put the bayonets in the Canadians, and the Canadians fought back with knives, pans, bayonets and their bare hands. The two warring nations dissolved into a thousand highly personal fights. When you sign up, it’s for king and country. When you get to the front lines, it’s for your mates. When you’ve got a bayonet at your throat, it’s for your life.
I lay there screaming and crying and hugging Austin while the Germans murdered everyone.
Things got quiet at night. The rain stopped, and a big moon rose up, scaring the shit out of me. I wanted blackness, invisibility. Shaking badly and covered in my own vomit, I peered over the edge of the hole and found myself staring at the back of a German soldier’s head. He was smoking a cigarette, looking at the stars. I jumped down before he could see me.
The rain returned in the middle of the night.
They slept in the conquered Canadian trench that night and the next, then took the assault deeper. Things went quiet for a while for me and Austin. We could hear the fighting off in the distance and the lines started to move up. Soldiers hauled big guns right past me, but I was hibernating deep in the mud. I wondered what I’d do if the rain ever stopped and the land got hard.
I put Austin back on his ledge.
I wondered if I should get out, grab Austin and start running. I wasn’t Canadian any more, and being a prisoner of war sounded about the same as being a soldier of war. But when I stuck my gopher head out of the hole, I couldn’t see anyone anywhere. I crawled out and stood up, but there was no one to kill or claim me. Something must’ve gone wrong with the advance. All around me were dead people, barren trees and muddy holes. All that was left of George was helmet and medals.
“So much for revenge,” I said to him, kneeling by him. “Maybe the butcher will take care of your boy now.
“Wonder what Evie’ll say. It was an accident? A mistake that’ll never happen again? Maybe she’s taking precautions, so her belly won’t swell up with a lie. Maybe–”
A bullet ripped through my right arm, just above the elbow, and exited into the mud. I screamed, looked ahead: hell was returning.
Over the misty land, thousands of boots stomped up a mud storm in a broken retreat. I jumped back in the hole with Austin, tunnelling into the side. The thunder of feet made the ground tremble and soon enough soldiers went flying over me, heading back to the old German front lines. They were cursing and shouting in German. It’s an ugly language, I thought to myself.
The retreat passed over me and Austin, and the Germans settled back into their side. The Canadians retook their trench.
Now I’m stuck in the middle with Austin. I drink the mud and ate a raw rat yesterday that I snatched off Austin’s face and then beat to death on a rock. It just made me throw up, though, and I can’t afford to do that, so it’s no food at all for me. My brain is lost in a thick fog. I’m starving and going mad with the lack of sleep. I want to sleep but unfaithful Evie’s painted in red on the insides of my eyeballs. I lay on my mud ledge, drape an arm over my eyes to ward off the rain, dreaming of sleep. I close my eyes only to emerge in my own bedroom, watching Evie and her lover.
It’s quiet and dry. The north end of Halifax slumbers outside our little house. Evie’s smiling, not sad at all. He’s handsome and heroic, an American sailor on shore leave. He’s lying on his right side, his left hand stroking her cheek. She’s smiling. I’m screaming, eyes bulging and I dive on the bed. I grab him but my arms go right through him. I punch, but it flies through his head. I’m a mist attacking stone. He’s too solid for me to hurt, so I wail and cry and rant.
I wake up screaming and drowning and decide it’s time to go home. I clamber out of the rank water and hoist Austin’s two halves over my shoulders and go over the top, shouting that I’m Canadian.
“Don’t shoot! Don’t shoot!” I yell, hands up and empty as we stagger to the nearest trench, hoping it’s not German. Austin weighs a ton, and his legs keep slipping off my shoulder. A crackle of cocked guns snarls at us over the trench. I can see cigarette butts glowing, and flickers of oil lamps as men leave the dugouts to see what’s happening.
“Where the hell’ve you come from?” a man I don’t know asks me, peering suspiciously over the edge.
“Exactly there,” I tell him, kneeling down at the edge of the trench. There’re a lot of guns pointed at me, but what’s another bullet between friends?
I start to crawl into the trench.
“Don’t bring that thing in here!” the new face shouts as I hand him the two halves of Austin.
“It’s all the same,” I tell him, sliding down myself. “He just got dead a little quicker than you and me.”
The new face drops Austin’s rotting remains on the muddy floor. I pick them up, hold him next to me.
“Who are you guys?” I ask.
We exchange names; I forget his instantly. He tells me his regiment. I ask about mine.
“All dead,” he says. “All?”
“All. Except you, apparently,” he adds. “What happened to them?” I ask.
“They got killed,” he explains. I’m too out of it to get angry. He goes on: “The Germans killed ’em all on the advance, then pressed deeper down our lines, but someone screwed up in the rear and a gap opened between their front lines and rear lines. They started to run short on ammo and food, so we counterattacked and drove them back to their side.”
“How much did that cost?” I ask him. He cocks an eyebrow.
“Money?” he asks. “Bodies,” I answer.
Hr shrugs. Lights a cigarette, offering me one.
We stand there smoking a while. Most of the boys have gone back into the dugouts. It’s still raining.
“Say, you any relation to Adam Joyce?” he asks, shyly. “Nope. Never heard of him.”
“Oh,” he says, disappointed. “I heard he was a great soldier. Say, do you want to put that somewhere?” he asks.
I look at Austin. I’ve got my right arm holding his torso under the armpits and my left arm holding his legs around the feet.
“Where?”
The soldier nods to the far end of the trench. “There’s a collapsed dugout there. A shell knocked it in two nights ago. There’s a pile of bodies in there, but we haven’t had time to do anything with them yet.”
“So I should just leave him there?”
“Maybe he’ll make some new friends.”
That makes as much sense as anything else.
I carry Austin down. There’s some space cleared in the collapsed dugout, probably in an effort to rescue the doomed men. A few bodies are piled up, but most just play hide and seek in the ruins. I carry Austin to the pile and lay him down carefully, top and bottom aligned. If the resurrection comes, I want him to know where his legs are straight away.
“See, buddy? I told you I’d get you to safety. You just wait here, and we’ll have you in a nice cozy grave before you know it,” I tell him.
I stand for a moment, looking through the holes in his face. Sigh.
Head back out into the rain and down to new face. “Now what?” I ask him.
He looks at me like I’m an idiot. “Now we wait,” he says.



Chapter Twenty-five


London’s dark and dirty, the dim skies oozing rain. The boys from the hospice have gone out for a night on the town and I said I’d join them, but here I am, wandering strange streets, feeling too busted open to be inside. Cars and horses speed past, splashing through the puddles. We’re all going home, and most of us are happy with that, though we all feel vaguely guilty about leaving our comrades alone at the front.
I don’t care about that anymore. I’m done with fighting.
A young woman inside a house walks past a window, catching my eye. I stop and look in. It’s a pretty scene through the big window at the front of the stone walk-up. The woman’s holding a baby while lecturing a little girl and boy who are grinning up at her. The boy looks like he’s being chastised and he tries to hang his head in shame, but everyone’s on the verge of laughter. The mother’s sideways to me, and she’s wagging her finger, trying hard to keep a serious face.
The boy nods and nods, puts on a show of teary repentance–and then plants a big wet kiss on his sister’s cheek. She squeals, tries to rub it off, then turns on him. He spins on his heel and runs, laughing as she swings at him. The mother rolls her eyes, shakes her head and tries not to laugh. The children run out of the living room and the mother starts to follow, but instead just shouts and turns her attention to the baby. She smiles like the sun coming over the horizon, starts singing to the infant in her arms.
A truck flies past, soaking me with cold water. I shiver, think how angry the nurses will be with me if I catch cold. Think that with the blackout, this woman should’ve closed the curtains a while ago. The rest of the street is dark.
She must’ve had the same thought – she sets the baby in its crib and walks to the window, arms spread wide to grab both sides of the curtains. Just before she closes them, she glances out. Sees me standing like a fool in the rain. I stare back at her for too long, then remember myself and turn away. After a few steps I glance back over my shoulder.
She’s still standing there. Smiles at me. Gives a little wave. I turn and walk off, thinking of Evie.
I think: Only death is too late. So she’s read the letter by now, she knows what I’ve been reduced to, knows I’m half the man my brother was. So she hates me for hating her. So I’ve ruined everything we risked everything for. That’s not the end. So long as we’re alive, it’s never the end.



Chapter Twenty-six


The prow of the battleship cuts through the choppy white waves of the Atlantic as the jittery crew scan the dim horizons for threats. We all expect death to join us, erupting out of the water in the form of a U-boat. A dozen ships have been sunk this week, and it’s only Wednesday. The dazzle paint makes the ship look like a zebra. It’s supposed to confuse the Hun, but somehow a grey to match the air and water would make me feel less like a hunk of meat floating along, waiting to be eaten by a sea wolf from Berlin. I’m starting to think our painter is in the pay of the Germans.
I’m standing at the front edge of the bow, the cold air finding holes in my trench coat. I pull it tighter, collar up, tug my hat down. I can’t get enough of the fresh air so I’m on the deck all the time, apart from eating and sleeping. The other wounded soldiers coming home think I’m nuts, but my nose is rotten with the stench of mud and decomposing flesh. This ocean air is so clean. I want it to purify my whole body.
We’re outriders for this convoy, sailing on the edge because we’re fast and full of guns. Dozens of pokey merchant ships huddle together inside our circled wagons as we cross the ocean as fast as our slowest vessel will let us. A lot of the boys resent that, say we’re like a bunch of women clinging together in fear. The brass only started convoys recently – so many merchant ships had been sunk, they finally had to take action. That meant convoys – and that means lying up in port for days, waiting for enough ships to gather, and it means vessels like the one I’m on have to put themselves at risk to deter invisible enemies.
What do I care.
Three days down, three to go. Then what? Halifax, and Evie.
I can’t run from the ghost anymore. Evie and I have to face up to what we’ve done. The ghost needs to be exhumed, then given a proper burial.
I don’t know if she got the last letter I sent. I hope not. The day after I brought Austin home, I woke up with a throbbing elbow. I peeled off the muddy, bloody sleeve and found a pusridden bullet hole right through the bone. Apparently, I woke up screaming, too, but I guess that was such a normal thing for me then that I didn’t notice. The other guys did, though, and came running.
They’d heard about me, all right, how I’d spent a week in a grave with a corpse, and how my brain wasn’t right. There were rumours I was a coward – that I’d spent the week hiding in a hole with Austin to avoid the fighting. That seemed like such a sensible explanation that I wanted to accept it, only that’d likely get me shot for dereliction of duty. Duty being to get bayoneted to death with the others. I thought about playing up the crazy angle, but guess I didn’t need to.
The new officers at the front could see I was corrupted, and they didn’t want me around the fresh flesh. I was too terrifying a reminder of death – the only man alive from the previous inhabitants of that trench. Those weren’t good odds. The officers were looking for any excuse to be rid of me and when they saw the bullet wound, they were very happy. They found other holes in my legs, and I had a hard time putting weight on my knee. Seems the fleeing Germans had decent aim.
“Son, I don’t even care if those bullets came from your very own gun – you’ve just bought yourself a ticket home,” a muscular corporal with a thick moustache told me, smirking like we had a secret.
I protested half-heartedly that I’d never shoot myself, that I was no coward, even though I knew I was. Faced with murdering strangers or being murdered by strangers, cowardice seemed a sensible option in this war. I thought about explaining that to the officer, but didn’t think he’d see things the same way.
“Maybe you fell out with your friend, and he shot you?” the moustached officer goaded.
I let it go. I was ready to go home. It wasn’t my war anymore. Standing in the trench, soothed by the return of routine, my mind settled down. I realized that Evie hadn’t been cheating on me – she wasn’t that kind of girl. Not at heart.
But she was the kind of girl to be mortally offended by the muck I’d scrawled on the last letter I sent her. I called her a tramp, a trollop, and words I hoped she didn’t know. I described what I had seen her doing to her lovers, scenes I had forgotten had only occurred in my addled brain. Then started the letter on the long journey to that other land called home.
I hadn’t seen her in two long years, after only one short day of marriage, and hoped she wouldn’t be at the pier to greet me. I was ashamed of myself, of the scared, violent animal that I had become. What could I do in a city? I’d been living in the wild for two years – putting me in a house would be like offering a bed to a bull. The only times my hands touched human flesh these days was to kill it, or drag the corpse elsewhere. How could I hold my wife with those hands? How could I kiss her with lips greasy with the taste of death?
I dreamed about her eyes, but I’d never be able to look in them again. The man she’d married was dead, and I was just bringing the body home for burial.
I let the other soldiers snicker and drag my name through the mud. They called me a traitor to my face. A coward. A madman. Fine. They could have their war – I wanted some peace. Not the grand peace brokered by powerful leaders in international summits; just the little peace of love.
So I told them a truth – I’d been shot by the retreating Germans, after having got stuck in No Man’s Land on a body run. They didn’t ask any more about Austin and I didn’t explain. After that, things moved fast. I was carted from field hospital to field hospital, farther and farther from war. The disaster of the frontlines was replaced by the civility of France, then a short boat ride across the Channel to England. Most of the walking wounded walked right into Piccadilly Circus’s pubs and the welcoming arms of the love-starved London ladies, but I holed up in my dark room.
After a week I was put on this warship, heading for Halifax. Lucky me – some of the guys were heading for British Columbia and had a week or more on the train to look forward to.
Unlucky me. As the ship pulled the Atlantic underneath it, clawing us closer to home, I saw U-boats everywhere. In the middle of the night, I saw one rise out of the water right beside us, the water peeling away like skin from its black bones. I saw the periscope train on us. Heard the torpedoes click into the firing tubes.
I didn’t say a word. I glanced up at the sentries, but they hadn’t seen it.
My ancient face started to smile, imagining the red-hot flames eating me up on top of the ice-cold ocean. I wouldn’t fight. I wouldn’t cling to the wreckage any more. I’d close my eyes and slide peacefully into the ocean’s oblivion.
A side wind jolted me, splashing cold water across my face. I staggered against the railing, nearly going over but managing to right myself. I looked back into the dark waters. No U-boat. No death. I held my breath.
The torpedoes never came.



Chapter Twenty-seven


Evie’s married, but her husband’s off fighting the war. She’s alone in their house on Rector Street and the long months of his absence erode her resolve. He hasn’t written her in weeks, she doesn’t know if he’s dead or alive. Food is scarce and money’s tight. Her husband’s salary buys some things, but it’s running thin.
It’s cold. Winter slips its icy fingers into her bed. She tosses and turns, shivers and shakes, but she can’t escape the sleeplessness. She piles all the blankets on top of her, feels better under their weight, but it’s not enough. Thin moonlight passes through the tattered curtains and falls on her bed.
The curtains of her husband’s parents. The bed of her husband’s parents.
She must remind herself of these things.
She wonders if her lover will come tonight. If she’ll resist him. She’s no longer sure she wants to.
Footsteps in the hall. Evie smiles a troubled smile and her heart starts jumping. Her body tingles. She smoothes her hair, wipes the sleep out of her eyes.
The bedroom door creaks slowly open. He stands in the room, gazing at her in the moonlight. He wants her so badly, his throat’s dry, his breath’s shaky. He knows it’s wrong. He knows he’s a coward, stealing a man’s wife as he fights for their country.
Doesn’t matter. Nothing matters but what he feels for her. Days of brushing against each other, eyes filled with desire.
Late-night conversations sitting opposite each other, knees touching then parting, hands grazing hands. Fingers touching fingers.
He saw her bathing. Singing as she spread the soap over her body, rinsing herself with the steaming water. Rising.
He crosses the room and stands in the light of the moon. She looks up at him, his face in shadows, and smiles. Pulls back the sheets to reveal her body.
She knew he would come.
He pulls off his clothes, throwing them to the floor. He stands before her naked, trembling in the cold. Last chance.
She smiles, inclines her neck to show the empty space in her bed. The pale light falls on her perfect skin.
He falls into her, hands finding her body, mouth finding her mouth. Her hair is dark against the white sheets and moonlight. He whispers her name, she moans his.
The night sky is invaded by clouds. They steal the stars one by one, and capture the moon. The city is left in darkness. Water falls from the clouds, hits the cold air and turns into snow. Big, clumsy flakes tumble down, crashing silently into rooftops, streets and fields. Winds swoop down and pick up the old snow off the roofs, tossing it into the air like confetti.
Evie clutches her lover, crying with joy and sorrow. He’s panting, collapsed on top of her. She can’t imagine the future, when her husband comes home. She loves him deeply, but loves this man, too. They are her twin lovers, her night and day.
Her lover’s back is bleeding. Her fingernails have cut him, and the red smears against the white sheets. Her wedding sheets. He kisses her shoulder, lost in ecstasy, slowly floating down.
He says her name again and again. It’s an incantation, a prayer finally answered.
She holds her lover gently, lifts his head so their eyes meet. “What have we done?” she asks, tears running down her face. He sighs, and her heart feels dangerously full.
She runs her hands through his hair. The time of innocence is over. Now begins the time of secrets, of divided hearts. She thinks of her husband, sleeping in the ground under rainy European skies, and her soul aches.
She kisses her lover. “I love you.”
I smile.
“I love you too, Evie.”



Chapter Twenty-eight


I want Evie the first time Adam brings her home. The war has just started and he’s already in the army. I’m sitting in the kitchen waiting, as instructed. He says he’s got something he wants me to see. Last time that meant a huge, iron sign that proclaimed “SUGAR.” He’d stolen it off the refinery. With a great show, he hung it over his bed. Well, tried to – it was too heavy and kept falling off the picture hooks our father had put there to hold a terrible painting of the woods he’d found in the trash. Mum had just rolled her eyes, then. I rolled my eyes at the SUGAR. Eventually, he just balanced it on the head of the bed.
“Evelyn Jones, Thomas Joyce,” he says, introducing us. “The reverse is also true.”
He’s grinning, clearly impressed with his catch. She’s eighteen, her brown hair tied up in a fancy do, a few strands falling over her neck. She’s wearing a pretty blue dress – the hard times haven’t kicked in and people can afford to look good. And she looks great. It’s her eyes that hook me – bright, sparkling at me like we share a secret. Watchful, taking in every detail.
He tells me he met her at a dance put on by the military, and they’ve been courting for a couple of months. She works as a nurse. Adam and I tell each other everything, but he’s kept this hidden.
Bringing her home to meet me is like when normal people bring girls home to meet their parents. Since our folks died, Adam and I have been brother, father and mother to each other. He is older than me, more handsome, and smarter. All through school, my teachers would greet my name with a smile, tell me how great my brother was, and then proceed to grow steadily more disappointed in me as the year wore on. I was a good student, but not as good as Adam. I was handsome, but not as handsome as Adam. I was smart, but not as smart as Adam. The same thing happened in the army – at least until I was shipped to Europe, where great soldiers were as common as bullets.
This could’ve made me hate him, but I loved him more than anyone else.
“Pleasure to meet you,” I say to Evie when I find words. She smiles, does a curtsey.
We walk into the kitchen and Adam puts the kettle on. Evie checks out our house and manages not to look too disgusted at the mess two young bachelors have generated in one small home.
The only decoration on the kitchen walls is a portrait of King George, hung upside down, and the family crucifix, hung rightside up.
“To make the Easter washing of the feet easier for George,” Adam explains.
The rest of my mother’s carefully chosen decorations now decorate the woodshed. Adam was sixteen when she died, and I was thirteen. Dad was already dead. Uncles and aunts looked in on us, but we mostly managed on our own. The knick-knacks and porcelain dolls got depressing after a while, so one night we declared it Christmas and fancied up the woodshed.
Adam clangs around the cupboard, hoping to find a glass that is not chipped, or dirty, or both.
I lean across the table and lower my head to Evie. “I hope your intentions with my brother are entirely honourable,” I say seriously, hand stroking my chin in a vague imitation of my father.
She makes a show of looking to see Adam has his back to us, then cups a dramatic hand to the side of her mouth.
“Actually, I’m just trying to get him into bed,” she stagewhispers.
Adam snorts, and I shake my head gravely, hiding that I’m startled by her boldness.
“Unfortunately, he’s impotent,” I tell her.
Half a loaf of bread hits me in the head and bounces to the floor as Evie laughs.
I want to make her laugh again.
“Please excuse my little brother,” Adam says, emphasizing ‘little.’ He brings three cups of tea; two of them are cracked and dirty. Miraculously, Evie’s isn’t. “He gets nervous when he has to talk to strangers. And he hasn’t been alone with a female since we ate the family sheep.”
“Ewe!” says Evie, and she laughs again, louder. Adam and I take a moment to recognize the terrible pun, and deliver an appreciative round of applause. Evie accepts with a bow.
I pick up the loaf and try pushing it into Adam’s ear. He bats it away and politely tips a cup of tea into my lap.
“Hey!” I shout, leaping back from the table before realizing that it’s just cold water.
Adam grins at Evie. “We’re hoping the church will take him. Hide him in a confessional, put him to work and he’ll be fine. So long as the sins aren’t too mortal. He might go getting ideas then.”
Evie stays for supper that night and is hardly out of our house from then. She doesn’t talk much about her family, who are all back in Truro, but from what hints she drops, we gather that they are well off, but in danger of falling on hard times.
Her mother is desperate for Evie to snag a good husband – that’s why she eventually agreed to let her go to the city. Evie, sick of small-town life and the suffocating presence of her father, had been desperate to leave Truro since she was thirteen. After long teenage years of eroding her mother’s disapproval, she finally convinced her when she turned eighteen – arguing that she needed to land a Halifax man to truly revive the family fortunes. Really, she wanted to move into the twentieth century, and hoped to find real-life suffragettes.
She worked at the hospital – she was a nurse, and all hands are needed in this war. Plus, where better to meet a nice doctor? That, and an endless stream of social nights where she was put on display for the city’s eligible bachelors, was her life. She had attracted plenty of interest, but “no suitable suitors,” as she put it. And no sign of suffragettes.
Her mother pays for a room in a very respectable boarding house, whose matron keeps detailed notes on Evie’s coming and going.
Evie refuses to stay over at ours. Matron would see, and report to Truro, and Evie’d be put on a train home before nightfall. Adam pleads with her, but she always refuses. He crept over to her place one night, but she sent him packing.
Then one night I hear a knocking. I go to investigate, but realize it is coming from our parents’ bedroom. Adam had claimed the master bedroom after an especially vicious fight, leaving me in the tiny second room we had shared as boys. I stand at his door, listening.
“Hallelujah,” Adam says as he opens the window. “Evening, sir!” says Evie, stepping inside.
“Well, this is what I call a window of opportunity!” he says. Evie shrieks and the window slams down. A lot of giggling follows.
“What are you doing?” asks Adam, sounding a little exasperated. “Young ladies shouldn’t be out walking the streets at night! Let alone climbing into gentlemen’s bedrooms!”
“Oh, I’m sorry – is there a gentleman here, too? Drat. I like ’em one at a time.”
“Good lord, this city isn’t ready for the likes of you,” he sighs. I can’t make out what she says to that, but I hear them flop down on the bed. More quiet talking, me with my ear to the door. Kissing, clothing being removed. Moaning, then squeaking. I keep telling myself to go to bed, but can’t drag myself away from the door. My skin’s on fire, there’s an ocean heaving through my veins.
I hear everything, then Evie dressing. “Where you going?” Adam asks, sleepily. “Home.”
“Home? It’s the middle of the night!”
“Exactly. Matron is sleeping.”
“Go on, we can bribe her in the morning.”
“Hmm, maybe not. She’ll tell my parents, and that’ll be the end of us.”
It goes quiet for a minute. I hear Evie sit back down on the bed.
“Well, I guess I’ll just have to make an honest woman out of you,” Adam says. “Evelyn Jones, will you marry me?”
My throat makes a funny noise. I hope they didn’t hear.
Evie is taking her time answering. I’m not sure what I want her to say.
“Mother wouldn’t be pleased,” she says.
“Phew. My original plan was to marry her. Glad I scrapped that. Let me try it again: Evelyn Jones, will you become Evelyn Joyce? It’s only a few letters difference.”
More silence, interrupted by hemming and hawing. “All right,” she finally says.
“All right? Just all right?” Adam protests. He is trying to sound light, but I can hear the pain in his voice. He’s fallen for her as much as I have.
“Well, I was sent here to make a good match,” Evie says. “What, I’m not good enough for you? You want a south-ender with a grand house and a butler? I may not have much, but if I have you, I’ll have everything. Evelyn, I – ”
“And what will I have?”
“Uh, the hutch?”
“Sigh. All right, Mr. Charming, I’ll marry you. I was only teasing.”
“Oh,” he says. “Oh! I see. A joke. Yes, I’ve read about those. Funny. Well done.”
More muffled talking, then laughter.
“Careful, you’ll wake Tommy,” he says.
She laughs, rather ambiguously. I’m convinced she knows I am standing at the door. I want to leave, but don’t want them to hear me.
“So, when do we go public?” Adam asks. “Tomorrow? I can telegraph my parents later today.”
“Shouldn’t I ask your dad first?”
I can almost hear the look she shoots him. “Right then, I’ll leave that to you,” he says.
They chat a little longer, then she slips back out the window. Adam insists on walking her home, but she shuts the window in his face.
I slink back to my room. When Adam comes in two minutes later to share his news, I pretend to be excited.



Chapter Twenty-nine


We’re driving down a road in the countryside. Adam called in some favours and got this army car for the day to celebrate their engagement. It’s a spare one, used to ferry officers about, but today it’s taking us farther from the city and deeper into the green and blue perfection of Nova Scotia.
“C’mon, giv’er some gas!” urges Evie, sitting up front with Adam. The wind’s flipping her hair about – when I lean forward to say something, it hits me in the face. I lean forward a lot.
“This is a perfectly sensible speed,” reasons Adam, smiling. “I could get out and jog ahead of you!” I shout.
Adam sticks his hand back, makes a show of finding my face and pushes me into the seat. Evie laughs, catching my eye. She winks. I grin.
“How the hell are you ever going to get to Berlin!” I holler, bouncing back. “At this speed, it’ll take four years just to cross France.”
He’s shipping out any day now, putting a weird weight on everything. He falls silent. He’s hard to predict these days.
We busy ourselves admiring the shimmering coast. “Hey, let me drive,” I say, poking his shoulder. “Pff!”
“Seriously! How hard can it be? I’ve driven a bicycle, and that’s only got two wheels. C’mon, let’s switch places.”
I start climbing into the front. Adam shoves me back.
“C’mon, Mr. Army Man! Give me a shot! How hard can it be? I’ll show you what she can really do.”
“Yeah, go on, give your brother a chance,” Evie pipes up.
Adam glances at her, drives on, but I can see he’s thinking about it.
He steps on the brakes, stops us so suddenly I go over the front bench and hit my head on the dash.
“Ow!” I complain, and Evie rubs my head.
“Poor boy,” she coos, like I’m ten. I play it up, whimpering and leaning on her lap.
“Baby,” Adam mutters, rolling his eyes. “Right. Find your balls and take the wheels,” he tells me.
I twist myself into a seated position, taking care to kick him as many times as I can in the process until I’m upright and wedged between them.
“Isn’t this nice?’ I say, arms around both of them. Adam sighs, rolls his eyes dramatically.
“Shift over here, baby brother.”
We swap places, so he’s wedged in the middle now. He runs through the car’s operation.
“I know how it works – I’ve been watching you all day. Now, I need some room. Be a dear and pop into the back,” I say, patting his knee.
“I’m staying right here, thanks very much,” he says, crossing his arms.
“Go on, party off,” I say, shoving him.
He stays there till Evie puts a hand on his leg. They exchange looks, and he climbs over me to get into the back, kicking me in the process.
“Now, slowly lift the …” he starts, but I step on it, sending him crashing back.
“Hang on! Wouldn’t want to have to come back and get you tomorrow!” I shout as the car leaps off.
We’re flying down the empty road, hot sun replaced by a hot breeze.
“I hope there’re no bears about,” I say. “Imagine what it’d feel like to hit a bear in this!”
“Why, I bet you’d bearly feel it!” jokes Evie and we both snort with laughter.
“You two are as bad as each other,” grumbles Adam.
“So, when are we going to start going fast?” asks Evie. The trees are a blur to our right, the ocean a stream of sparkling blue.
“I think this is fast enough,” says Adam. “Slow down for that hill.”
Evie and I catch eyes. She grins. I grin.
“Easy!” says Adam, but I stand up and stomp on the gas and we fly down the hill like a shooting star. I can’t even see the trees anymore.
“WHAAHOOO!” I scream, and Evie would too, but she’s laughing too hard. She’s got her hands to her face, but keeps them wide enough apart so she can see the road hurtling toward us.
“Oh my soul, leap from this earth and join the immortal eagles!” I bellow above the astonishing din the machine makes at this speed.
“Just watch it!” warns Adam, reaching for the wheel.
“Let the skies marvel at the heights we reach!” sings Evie. “Easy, you could get us all killed!” shouts Adam as I bat him away from the front.
The hill is eternal and though we fly down it, it feels like we’re climbing into the sky.
“C’mon Evelyn! Grab a bar of sun when we go by!” I holler. “‘Though, we cannot make our sun stand still, yet we will make him run’!” she recites, rolling the last ‘r’ up till she hollers the end.
“We’re too quick for death’s winged chariot!” I shout. “We’re too beautiful for his skinless hands!” Evie shouts.
“We’re going to crash!” Adam shouts, and the front tire dives into a hole I didn’t see, jerking the whole car to the right and sending us spinning sideways, circling in a cloud of dirt and rocks, clinging to anything. Evie screams, grabs the side of the car and I’m too scared to make a sound, squeezing the steering wheel like I’ve got any control over it. We spin and screech toward the woods, half the car lifting off the ground and raising a teetering foot into the air before finally righting itself and thumping down, bouncing on the wheels.
We’re stopped.
There’s a shocked silence as the rocks finish falling. Then Evie asks, “Can we go again?”
We catch eyes and burst into laughter. She’s going so hard she’s doubled-up and crying and I can barely see.
“I told you, we are immortal!” I squeeze out in between gasps of laughter.
“Hi Evelyn!”



Chapter Thirty


“Idiots!” curses Adam, kicking his door open and slamming it shut. “You could’ve killed us, Tommy,” he says, smacking me in the head, hard. That kills the laughter. Blood trickles down my ear.
He looks at the front of the car.
“How am I going to explain this to headquarters? It took a lot of favours to get this car.”
“Come on, Adam – it was an accident. I’ll pay to have it fixed,” I say.
“With the sad allowance they give you at the metalworks factory? You’ll never get enough.”
“Don’t be mean – he was only having fun,” says Evie, getting out of the car, dusting off her dress.
“Don’t you take his side,” he says, brushing her away. “God, it’s like you two are a pair of naughty children, and I’ve always got to be the father.”
He shakes his head, storms down to the water and sits on a rock, back to us.
Evie and I are quiet.
“It’s all right,” she says, hand on my arm. “You know how cranky Father can get.”
I stifle a laugh. She’s smiling at me, that secret smile. Her eyes are soft, curious. Looking at me differently.
I start to say something, but leave it to the silence.
“Mr. Joyce junior,” she greets me, nodding as she enters the house. “Is your father in?”
I close the door behind her. “Nope. A messenger boy just called for him, said he had to go to HQ. Tea?” I ask, heading into the kitchen.
She doesn’t answer. I turn and she has her head in her hands. “What’s wrong?”
She looks me in the eye. “He’s going over.”
It takes me a second to remember who we are talking about. “Oh. To the war. How do you know?”
“That’s what they do. They call for you, you go, you get secret orders to be ready to go at any time, and then you’re snatched out of your life to go fight the Hun.”
“Well, that’s why he’s in the army,” I say, turning back to the kettle.
“And why you aren’t?” she asks. That hurts. I keep my back to her. “Some of us need to work here.”
“The noble pursuit of freedom doesn’t stir your blood?” she asks sarcastically. Not a big fan of war, Evie.
I turn to her as the kettle bubbles up a cloud of steam.
“I’m sure Franz Ferdinand was a dreadful chap who deserved everything he got, and that his Serb assassin Gavrilo Princip was a heroic freedom fighter, but what happened between them has nothing to do with me. I’d rather just stay here and do my work.”
I return to the kettle and fill the teapot. I sit down next to her with the pot and two cups.
“He’ll be fine,” I say, patting Evie on the arm. She flinches. I pull my hand back and focus on my tea.
“It’s … it’s just such a mess,” she sighs.
“Everyone else seems pretty excited by the war,” I answer, stealing glances at her.
“Especially my family. Father thinks this war will be our salvation. He owns a woolen mill and has a contract to make uniforms. They’re going through them pretty quickly over there, and the best is yet to come.”
“Best?”
“That’s how my father puts it.” She sips her tea.
“You two going to get married before he goes?” I ask, trying to sound casual.
“Probably. I hope so. The wait will be long enough – I’d rather be waiting for my husband than my fiancée. Plus, if he dies …”
“Have to act quickly,” I say.
She nods. “We’ve talked to Father McKay. He’s done plenty of rush services for men heading overseas. He’ll do it for us.”
I want to tell her she shouldn’t marry him – not now, not ever. The rest of your life is a very long time, and you only get one shot at it. I love my brother and I know they love each other, but what Evie and I could have … I can’t stand the thought of living with her while she lives with him. When he comes home I’ll have to move out, I tell myself. Maybe go out west. I can’t be that close to her and not be that close to her.
But I can’t be without her.
“I’m sure everything will work out,” I say, staring at the tea leaves in the bottom of my cup.



Chapter Thirty-one


Adam is sitting on the bench by the kitchen fire, polishing his army boots. He’s gone through half a jar of polish, but I don’t think he’s noticed. His back is stiff – the military has only improved his legendary posture – and his jaw hard. Occasionally he swears.
“With a mirror like that, at least you’ll be able to keep pretty in the trenches,” I joke. I’m sitting at the table behind him.
He grunts. I stare at him. Throw a piece of kindling. It bounces off his shoulder and he tells me to frig off.
“Frig? Boy, your boots aren’t the only thing that’s been cleaned up.”
He keeps polishing. He’s got his orders – he ships out any time from Monday. There are German U-boats patrolling the mouth of the harbour and rumours of spies thrill the city, so all military plans are top secret. Sometimes when ships head out, even the captain doesn’t know where he’s going until he’s on the ocean and opens the top-secret instructions. Adam could be gone in a week, a month, or Monday. The wedding is set for Sunday. He asked me to be his best man. I agreed. I’m not sure how I’m going to do that. Does anyone know any reason this couple should not wed? Yeah, because you’ve got the wrong man, Evie.
Last night, after he and Evie had quieted down in the master bedroom and I could finally fall asleep, I dreamed of the wedding. The church was packed. Adam was at the altar, Evie coming up the aisle. She walked the whole length of St Joseph’s holding my eyes, pleading silently with me for rescue or forgiveness, but my face was frozen shut. I could only watch. She took her place next to Adam, eyes locked on mine. Father McKay stood in front of them and the service started. When the priest read out the vows, and asked Evie if she’d marry Adam Joyce, till death do you part, she repeated it word for word – but said my name instead of his. Nobody noticed, and I whispered Adam’s vows back to her. “I now pronounce you man and wife,” McKay said, and Adam hugged Evie. Over my brother’s shoulder she looked at me, smiled, and mouthed, “I’m forever yours.”
I throw another piece of wood at Adam. A big chunk this time and it hits him right in the back of the head. He uses a proper swear word.
“What’s eating you, Captain Cranky?” I ask him. “You’re about to marry the girl of your dreams and then start the job of your dreams.”
Adam’s been in the military since he was old enough to sign up and has been desperate to see action. I don’t really understand that part of him – the only appeal I can see is the adventure through strange lands. Killing people, and people trying to kill you, that’s not for me.
He takes a deep breath and sends it out his flaring nostrils. He clamps his eyes on me. This Army Adam isn’t as fun as the old Adam.
“Evelyn’s parents are threatening to disown her if she marries me,” he says evenly, but a lifetime of living with him shows me he’s furious. “Her father is happy to get rich making uniforms so men like me can offer our lives to protect his freedom, but a man like me isn’t good enough for his daughter.”
I’m speechless. Adam has always been the best. It never occurred to me that anyone could see it any other way. Apparently, a north-end hero doesn’t transfer up society so well.
“He’s an idiot. What’s Evelyn say?” He chews on his tongue.
“She wants to go ahead with it.”
“Will her parents come?”
He shakes his head. “They say this is the first and final warning. If she marries me Sunday, they won’t be there, they’ll never talk to her again and she’ll be cut out of the family fortunes.”
“They don’t even know you!”
He snorts derisively. “I’ve a mind to go up to Truro and introduce myself.”
“I’ll come. We’ll show ’em what Richmond boys are like, eh?” He tries to smile, then sighs.
“It’s no use. People like you and me, we’re nothing to them. Put us in the factory and we work like machines. Put us on the battlefield and we’re self-guided guns. The more men die over there, the richer men like Jones get. Buried uniforms mean higher demand. He hopes this war never ends.”
Adam stares into the fire, starts polishing again. “So you two going through with it?”
He nods.
“She’s quite a woman,” I say. He nods again.
“The church will be a bit empty. I’m counting on you to get me through this,” he says, looking back at me.
“You know you can.”
“Thanks, Tom.”
“So, what next? I take it if they cut her out of the family, she’ll lose her allowance?”
“Yeah. So no dream house for us. She’s moving in here Sunday night.”
I flinch, and I’m glad he’s facing the fire. I love him more than I do anyone in this world, except for her. In another wedding dream I keep having, I stand next to him at the altar as McKay leads the ceremony. I’m right beside Adam, so I can see his dress uniform jacket rise and fall with his breathing. See the sweat trickling down his neck. When he starts on his vows to her, I slip the gun off his belt and shoot him in the back of the head and he just disappears. I step into his place and the ceremony continues.
“When I’m gone, I need you to look out for her,” he tells me. “I don’t know how long I’ll be gone – it could be years, the way this war is going. She’ll be alone, no husband, no family, no money. Nothing but you. You’ve got to be there for her. You’ve got to be her husband, her brother and her father.”
I squeeze my lips together, rub my forehead. “Yeah, I’ll be there for her.”



Chapter Thirty-two


Evie’s wearing white. Her brown hair’s pulled back so it flows down her neck under the veil. The dress is simple, gliding over her curves. I stand at the front of the church waiting for her as she walks up the aisle. The wedding’s a scandal, but it’s a rich man’s scandal, and so the north end has closed ranks. St. Joseph’s is packed on both sides. When word got out that her family had disowned her for marrying a Richmond soldier – and Adam Joyce no less – there was deep outrage. Adam could’ve led an army to Truro, but he brought it to the church.
He’s standing right beside me. I can see his dress uniform jacket rise and fall with his breath. His blond hair is cut army short. A drop of sweat rolls down his neck. He’s angry, proud and deeply in love. He’s beautiful.
Evie’s coming down the aisle on the arm of a priest. When she told Father McKay she had been abandoned by her family he grew grim, thoughtful.
“What God will join together, let no man – no matter how rich and powerful – keep asunder,” he declared, and made it his mission to make the wedding perfect. He insisted on taking the service himself, despite emissaries from Truro leaning on him, offering him favours if he shut Adam and Evie out. He sent for his closest priest friend, a balding, shy man who presided over St. Mary’s, and he readily agreed to give Evie away.
“If her father won’t, God will,” explained a defiant Father McKay. His eyes were bright and he was smiling. He hadn’t had this much fun in a long time.
So Evie comes slowly down the aisle through the hundreds of north-end faithful. Every relative Adam and I have is here, plus our friends and our parents’ friends. Her family’s loss is Richmond’s gain, and they let her know it. By the time she reaches the altar, she is crying. She rubs away the tears, sticks her tongue out at Adam. Her grins that perfect grin of his. Then she glances at me, smiles – a little sadly? – and cocks an eyebrow. I take the hint and smooth mine down. She smiles, turns back to Adam.
“Dearly beloved …” begins Father McKay.
The New Testament reading is 13 Corinthians. McKay recites it from memory, slowing down for the second verse:
“Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.”
He talks about how the love Paul is describing is a love God alone can offer – and that if Evie and Adam expect to find that in each other, they’ll be forever disappointed.
“I talk to married people, and one of the reasons why things don’t work out is because they have unbelievable expectations of each other that are unfullfillable,” he tells the congregation. He’s supposed to be in the pulpit but he’s left it to pace around the front of the church, under the big crucifix. “There is no room for mistakes, no room for imperfections. The God that I believe in has a lot of room for that.”
The married couples in the church smile at each other. The younger parishioners look confused.
“So Corinthians is nice,” continues McKay, a mischievous grin creeping onto his face as he gets ready for the twist. “But it’s the worst thing to take for a reading for marriage!” he laughs.
There are gasps. Women cover the smiles on their faces. Men snort.
“The reason Paul wrote that passage is precisely to indicate to everyone that they weren’t like that! People think that’s so wonderful and so beautiful, and ‘love is …’ but it’s not! Love is putting up with nonsense every day,” McKay concludes. He’s practically shouting now.
There’s a burst of applause, laughter and a few “Amens.” Evie’s grinning, poking Adam. He smiles.
“I think you two know that,” the priest says to my brother and his fiancée, taking a more intimate tone, like it’s just him and them. “And I think you’ll do just fine. You’ve got a life to live together, through good times and bad, and a family to start. First, you,” he says, looking at Adam, “you will answer duty’s call. And we’ll take good care of Evelyn while you’re away, won’t we?”
He directs this to the congregation, and we chorus our agreement. McKay smiles. “Then, when you are done your work over there, come home and start your work over here.”
There’s just a hint of sauciness in his voice. Adam nods, solemnly.
The ceremony continues. They make their vows. Evie has eyes only for Adam. They turn to walk down the aisle and the faithful just about take the roof off the place cheering. This wedding is a victory for us, a validation of our lives. We don’t have money, but we have this, the ovation says.
It’s also an embrace of the war, an understanding that heroes like Adam need bigger stages than Halifax can provide.
Confetti falls like snow as the newlyweds descend the church steps. The north end’s finest horse and buggy is waiting for them. It parades them through the streets to the little house on Rector Street. I won’t be staying there tonight. I can’t.
The church clears out and the cleanup starts. I’m left behind, of course, taking congratulations on Adam’s behalf, smiling, crying.
People think they’re tears of joy.



Chapter Thirty-three


A thumping on the front door wakes me. The room’s full of dust floating in sunlight. It takes me a moment to remember where I am. My aunt and uncle’s house at the bottom of Rector Street, in their son John’s room. He’s already gone off to Europe and they invited me to stay over, to give the newlyweds “some time to be man and wife” on their wedding night, as my winking aunt put it. “Coming, coming,” my uncle calls, his heavy steps pounding a path to the front door.
It creaks open and a boy’s voice says my name. Quiet, serious conversation that I can’t make out follows. I get dressed quickly and come to the living room just as my uncle is shutting the door on the messenger.
“It’s Adam,” he says, chest puffed out with pride. “He’s shipping out today. He redirected the army’s boy over here to tell you. We’re all under orders, though – you can’t tell a soul,” he warns me sternly.
I agree and bolt out the front door. Anybody who sees me will know what’s happened anyway. I run up the steep hill that is Rector Street, the same street Adam and I used to slide down in the winter, and am breathless when I get to our house. I grab the doorknob and am about to twist it open when I remember that they’re newlyweds. I knock.
Adam flings it open like he’s been standing waiting for me. “Have you forgotten how to open a door again?” he asks, feigning exasperation. He smacks me on the forehead. “Mi casa es su casa!” he exclaims, sweeping inside with a gracious gesture.
“I thought you two might be busy,” I mumble, stepping inside. Evie’s standing by the kitchen table, looking uncomfortable.
“Busy we were, all night long son, all night long. Thank God I’ve got a long ride to work today. Chance to get some shut eye, you see,” he explains, winking at me. He’s buzzing with energy, just about vibrating right out of his uniform. It’s spotless, the boots are glimmering, his hair is flawless and he looks like a poster for recruitment.
“The Germans’ll surrender as soon as they see Mr. Perfect,” I say to Evie. “They’ve no chance. He’s too pretty. Their bullets will refuse orders.”
“I’ve suggested he can save the army money on flares by just flashing his teeth instead,” she says, trying to keep things light. “One moonlit grin from him will relay his position back to Ottawa.”
And it’s true – Adam has the whitest teeth in Nova Scotia. I grew up in the same house as him, eating the same food, but mine are already yellowing.
“So you’re off to see the war?” I ask him.
Adam grins, showing off all his teeth. “Deutschland under Alles,” he says in a bad Hun accent.
“Hey, who’s Alice?” pipes up Evie, faking a jealous look. Adam rolls his eyes, scoops up Evie and gives her a big dip, kissing her dramatically. I look away.
“What time are you …?” I ask when they’re done. Evie’s pretty when she’s flushed.
“Shhhh!” hushes Adam, finger over lips, throwing an arm around me. “Zere are spies everyvhere!” He narrows his eyes suspiciously at Evie. “Hello, fraulein. Comen zee here.”
It’s Evie’s turn to roll her eyes.
Adam’s got his duffel bag packed and he’s a pistol cocked, desperate to be fired. Relatives drift in and out as the morning wears on. It’s a secret that he’s leaving, sure, but there’s also a huge crew carrier docked in the harbour and soldiers have been marching on board all day. The mood is upbeat – everyone’s sure this war is won, especially now that Adam’s on his way as a one-man cavalry.
At noon, he announces that it’s time to go. Everyone but us clears out, offering handshakes or hugs, and always reiterating that they’ll see him again real soon.
We walk part of the way down to the ship with him. I feel like I’m invading their privacy. Evie’s linked her arm tight through his and tries to keep the sorrow away, for a few more minutes anyway. At the Dockyards he stops to take his leave.
“Right!” he says, looking between the two of us. “Dear woman, here is your husband,” he says to Evie, hand on my shoulder. He puts the other hand on her shoulder, turns us so we’re facing each other. “Brother, here is your wife – as long as I’m away, I need you two to look out for each other.” He gets serious for the first time today. “I could be gone a long time. Things are pretty dug in over there and it may be a while before we can get the Germans moving backwards. Evelyn, you’ve lost your family, but I give you mine.”
She’s crying now.
“It’s going to be all right,” he whispers, hugging her to him. I look down at my scuffed shoes. Evie and Adam talk without words. She finally pulls back.
“Oh, look at the mess I’ve made,” she says of the tear stains on his jacket.
“Lucky charms for the battle,” he smiles.
“Take care of her,” he whispers in my ear. I manage to nod. There are soldiers all around us now, doing the same thing with their families.
“Do you want me to leave you two alone?” I ask.
He smacks me in the forehead. “No, knucklehead. You need to walk her home. What did I just ask you? Look after the lady!”
I fake a little laugh and nod.
Adam kisses Evie again, then turns sharply and marches off to the ship.
He doesn’t look back.



Chapter Thirty-four


Evie and I live in the house like the air’s made of glass and if we move too quickly or speak too loudly, it’ll shatter and slice us open. I realized when we got home after Adam shipped out that that was the first time we’d been alone together.
That was six months ago. He’s written to Evie ten times and me eight. The letters never arrive together, though they’re nearly always sent on the same day. That’s good, though, as it means there’s almost a letter a week, between us. We’ve got a routine worked out – when one arrives, the recipient hangs on to it until both of us are home. We sit at the kitchen table with a cup of tea and a little sweet, if we can afford it. If it’s my letter, I open it carefully and read it out loud. Adam’s letters to me are always funny, upbeat, full of the thrill of war. His exploits as a soldier – at least according to his own letters – are legendary. He’s at the front of every mission, bursting with energy and ideas, dodging bullets and shells. He boasts to his fellow soldiers about the DeathDeflecting Tears he had sown on his shirt before he left. His wife, who is almost as famous as he is on the front lines, gave them to him as special amulets, he tells the troops. Each prism contains the whole of her beauty, he says, and bullets melt before them.
The Germans are slow-thinking buffoons more to be pitied than hated, and the whole war is rather comical. He says he’ll be promoted soon, but he’s afraid they’ll pull him off the front if he gets too high up, and so kills the long days of waiting plotting out increasingly ludicrous schemes to ensure demotion in that event.
“I shall tell them I am afraid of heights,” he says in one letter, “and anything above the rank of master corporal will lead me to be violently ill.”
It’s different with his letters to Evie. She sits at the table, slits the envelope open, and reads it to herself first. These letters are full of flowers and birds spotted circling high above the trenches. Of endearing stories of fellow soldiers’ kindness. Of longing. He tells her he’s marking the days they’re apart on the mud walls of his dugout, because the whole world’s a prison without her.
In these letters, there is no danger.
When she’s read it to herself, she reads it out loud, sometimes skipping “the mushy bits.”
After, we slide the letters back into the envelopes and put them in the two boxes that sit on top of the hutch.
Evie’s all I think about. I lie sleepless at night, listening to her breathe. The world pauses when she takes a bath. The bathroom shares a wall with my room and I hear the water running, hear Evie take off her clothes, slide into the water. I scold myself, remind myself she’s my brother’s wife, but all that is raindrops falling into a furnace.
I lie awake at night thinking about her.
I sleep with her floating through my dreams. I wake with her on my tongue.
I rise before her, slip into the kitchen to start the kettle. It’s summer, and the sun casts its red light on the fireplace. Wood and kindling are stacked, ready to come alive at the next cold morning. “Morning,” she says, yawning as she emerges from her room. She’s still in her nightdress, wrapped in a dressing gown. Her hair pokes out at funny angles. She rubs the sleep from her eyes. I don’t think she’s opened them yet.
“Morning,” I answer. I like to watch her when she’s just woken up. She’s quieter, unreconciled to another day of waiting.
At first, she wouldn’t leave her room until she was fully dressed and had her hair set. She turned in for the night fully clothed and didn’t leave her room till morning. Now, we’ve relaxed in each other’s company. We take breakfast before dressing and often have a last cup of tea sitting together in front of the fire in our pajamas. Sometimes she leans her head on my shoulder, and my heart stops.
“You’re just like a brother to me,” she said one night. It nearly killed me, though I know she meant it to be nice.
“Tea?” I ask her as she settles in at the table. “Mmmmm … let me think. What day is it?”
“Thursday morning, ma’am.”
“Well, in that case, I’ll definitely have tea.”
I bring the cups to the table. It’s rectangular, but our chairs snuggle around one corner, our knees brushing under the cloth.
She puts a hand on my knee, brushes her hair out of her eyes. “So, what are we going to do?” she asks.
“Swallow?” I suggest, cup paused just outside my mouth. She makes a face.
“Tonight. Let’s do something tonight. I’m tired of sitting in here waiting for the day to end. Let’s chase this one right out of the sky.”
She’s smiling now, her eyes shining. “People will talk!” I protest.
“Pa-shaw. Let ’em talk. Besides, you are my husband-for-now, yes?”
I nod enthusiastically.
“Well, I hate to be cruel, but you’re not doing your husbandly duty.”
I look crestfallen.
“Tonight,” she says, reaching over to smooth my rogue eyebrow. “Tonight is your last chance to save our marriage-for-now. You up for the challenge?”
“Yes!” I shout. “Just tell me what to do,” I add, clutching her arm like a beggar.
She cocks an eyebrow, sighs. “See, dear, that’s just it – I’ve told you what to do. Save our marriage-for-now. Tonight. End of instructions.”
“Oh,” I muse, rubbing my chin thoughtfully. “I see. So you want me to be creative. Like flowers, or a walk, or something.”
“Be still my beating heart. I can hardly wait,” she says, rolling her eyes in mock exasperation.
“Those are just test ideas. I’ve got better ones.”
“I should hope so.”
“Right. The deal is on,” I say, offering my hand. She takes it.
“Deal.”
We shake, lingering a little too long.Chapter Thirty-five
We’re sitting on the floor in front of the dying fire, pretending not to notice that our shoulders are touching, knees pressing against knees. It’s late, but neither of us wants to end this day. A wind rattles the windows again, sending a shaft of air down the chimney and making the fire dance. Our hands are an inch apart. In the darkness, we can pretend it’s an accident.
I steal glances at Evie. She’s calm, lost in thoughts buried in the ashes. I wonder if she’s thinking about me, or him.
“Nice date, eh?” I say, yawning.
“Mm-hm,” she agrees. “Shooting stars in the middle of the city. Who knew?”
“It’s one of the things I like about the black out. Walking at night, you can see the whole universe up there, lit by a thousand stars.”
She leans her head on my shoulder.
“My parents took us out of the city one night, to show us the meteor shower. It was so amazing. Adam fell asleep. It’s the last memory I have of the four of us together.”
Evie smiles, curls into me.
A letter from the front arrived, but Evie had already left for work, so I had to wait until evening to open it. We sat at the table, tea but no cakes, and Evie hurried me on excitedly. He’s been gone ten months. I read aloud from the start.
“‘What seed when planted in earth bears fruit nevermore?’” is his opening line. “‘The human seed. Another field sown with the dead. Another 500 lives ended because of a stupid call to advance.
And again, they held me back. My commander tells me they’re grooming me for better things, and I think – those lives tossed into the garbage, they’re worth better things. But I keep that to myself. The trench is no place for philosophers – you were right to stay home, brother. Gentle men go mad here, or die. There is a fine art to surviving war, and many masters here. The mad jump into the guns full-heartedly. Most die. The rest are promoted.
“‘Most of us fall somewhere in between heroes and corpses. We live to continue living, and because we believe that deeper than this bloodshed is a higher purpose. That even if our commanders command in darkness, God sees it all in divine light. And that He will guide our footsteps through this valley of suffering to a brighter summit of peace.
“‘This is what sustains me. That, and cigarettes. Send more with your next letter. Sorry to unload on you, little brother, but I’ve got to tell someone, and I don’t want Evelyn to worry – so hide this letter and don’t let her read it.’”
I stopped there, closed my eyes and swore.
“It’s all right,” Evie said, hand on my arm. “I could tell he was holding back from me. I’m glad he feels he can talk to you. And that you can talk to me.”
I opened my eyes. Hers were wet, red. Holding mine. “Finish it,” she urged.
I cleared my throat, tried to clear my head, and went on: “‘Just tell her I love her, that I think about her every minute of the day, and that I’ll be home soon. Come to think of it, that’s what sustains me – the picture of Evelyn I’ve painted on my heart. Treat her well, brother – make her happy. Love, Adam.’”
Evie started crying and I put my arms around her. She sobbed onto my chest. When she was cried out, we had dinner – fish and potatoes again – and then sat on the floor by the fire.
The dirty dishes remain in the sink. We’ve been sitting together for hours, talking, exploring silence.
I creep my hand the final inch and take hold of hers. She squeezes mine.
“We should go to bed,” I say.
She gives me a look.
“I mean, I should go to bed and you should also go to bed, a process requiring two separate beds,” I elaborate. She laughs.
“You know, it’s funny,” she says, and waits for me to ask what’s funny. “You and me. I mean, I’ve been married to your brother for almost a year, but I really only knew him for a couple of months before he shipped out. It’s you I’ve been living with all this time.”
My heart stutters, thuds around in its bone cage. She turns to me and I’m flooded with a need to kiss her but I’m paralyzed by desire. Shadows play on her face. She runs her hand through my hair. She puts her lips to my lips and softly we begin to explore each other. She kisses gently, slowly. She pulls back and my heart is being ripped apart from the centre but she leans in so her body presses against mine, nose to nose, and kisses my eyes. She sits back, lets out a short laugh and bites her lower lip. Glances up at me. Smoothes out my eyebrow.
That breaks the moment.
“Sorry,” I say, unable to move my eyes off her.
She shakes her head. “It’s fine.” I think she’s going to say something more, but she just repeats that.
“We should go to bed,” she finally says, standing and stretching. “A process requiring two beds,” she adds.
I laugh, stand. Put my arms around her – hers fall out of the yawn and around my shoulders.
“Goodnight, Tommy,” she says, kissing me lightly. “Night, Evie,” I say.
She gives me a look. “Evie, eh?” She smiles.
Somehow I let go of her, break from her weightless gravity, and go to the darkness of my room. I hear her undressing, singing to her lover as “He Moves Through the Fair,” and I wonder who it’s meant for. She settles into her creaking bed, and then silence comes to the house.
I lie awake, my soul full of her. She’s in all the shadows, she lights all the stars. The moon shines only for her. Without her, why should the sun rise? Why should the trees grow? Why should the wind blow? The death of her would be the death of life.
The rest of the world fades to nothingness. My brother is lost in the underground of European wars. This is nothing to do with him.
This is not betrayal.
I rise from my bed, walk down the hall and stand at Evie’s door. I hear her breathing and I know she’s awake. Waiting. I open the door. Thin moonlight passes through the thin curtains of her window and falls on her bed. I cross the room and stand in the light of the moon. She looks up at me, face in shadows, and smiles. Pulls back the sheets to reveal her body.
I lean toward her and tumble over, falling, falling, falling. This is not betrayal.



Chapter Thirty-five


Our affair has lived for three weeks. For the first seven days, I slept in my own room, but now we sleep together in the master bedroom. Sleeping with Evie gives me a deeper peace than I’ve known – to hear her breathing in the night, to kiss the back of her neck and taste her skin like dew on a dawn flower and fall back asleep, to wake with her in the sunlight – this is joy. I’m a blind man suddenly healed, only I never knew I couldn’t see. Who knew the world had such beauty? I walk to work along the water now, stunned by the play of light and waves. I stop and stare at the waterfront city, busy with war, amazed that I never fell in love with it before. I want to paint, I want to write poetry, I want to compose music. Breathing is a sensual delight.
We rarely speak of the ghost in our house. It is understood that this is love out of time, and that when he returns, time starts again, and what was done is undone. I think I’ll have to move out, get a room in a flophouse, because I won’t be able to stand living with her anymore; then I think I can’t live without her and the monstrous pain of watching her with another man is a pinprick next to the death of living without her. If I can’t have the sunrise, I’ll shiver by the moonlight. I steal light from distant stars and am happy.
Adam’s last letter arrives on July 2, 1915. We’re both still home, as she’s on a late shift at the hospital and I’m on the midday shift at the metalworks factory. We’re having our third cup of tea, interrupted by lovemaking. The neighbours are starting to tut it’s not right for a woman to live alone with a man who is not her husband, the old women say. Never mind it’s his brother, do you see how they look at each other? And it’s true – we sit touching body to body in church under the high crucifix, go for communion together, and anyone with eyes can see that I love her, and she loves me.
The letter is light, funny.
“Evelyn, life is wonderful. It is true that I live in a hole in the ground, but I am king of endless realms, because you are with me, and I am with you – and soon, we will be together.”
She reads this smiling, and I’m happy too. I wouldn’t have expected this. I would’ve thought any joy she found in another man would corrode me with jealousy, but I am happy to see her happy. What she has with my brother is in a different dimension to what we have, and cannot affect it.
I don’t understand how she keeps us separate, though.
She falls silent for the middle of the letter – so it’s mushy or erotic. From her smile, I think mushy.
“Here’s a line for you, brother dearest,” she says, clearing her throat. “‘And tell Tommy to keep his mitts off that bottle of rum under the hutch – I’m saving it to toast my triumphant return. We’ve had some real successes lately and I doubt the Germans will last much longer. To Berlin! And then, Halifax. Yours, with an ocean of love, Adam.’”
We smile at each other.
Three hours later, the telegram arrives. I die when I see two grim men out the window as I’m getting ready for work, marching up the hill like the horsemen of the apocalypse. Long black coats, black shoes shiny against the dirt road, black hats.
“Evie,” I whisper and she comes up behind me, puts her arms around my waist.
“What,” she says, nibbling my ear. “Your heart’s going crazy,” she says, and then looks out the window.
“Oh God,” she moans, moving away from me.
The army men walk down the path to our door. They see us in the window, but their sober faces do not reveal anything.
I open the door before they can knock.
“Thomas Joyce?” one asks. I nod. “And Evelyn Joyce?”
“Come in,” she says, and they do. Evie starts to get extra chairs but the men confer with their eyes.
“We can stand. But you had better sit down,” one says.
Evie’s pale, her eyes drowning in tears. A few slip down her cheek, over her trembling lip. I help her into a kitchen chair and stand beside her, hand on her shoulder. My whole body is shaking, bracing for the explosion lying on this man’s tongue.
“It is with heavy yet proud heart that we come to tell you that your brother,” he says to me, like he’s singing a Bach fugue, “and your husband has made the ultimate sacrifice for his King and his country.”
Evie gasps. “No, no, no,” she moans, putting her hands over her ears to stop death’s dark messenger.
I turn into stone, stare at the men.
“Corporal Adam Joyce was joining an assault against the enemy,” he says, like he’s reading a script. “In the face of fierce and unexpected German resistance, the advance was reversed, and Corporal Joyce returned to the Canadian front lines. According to several witnesses, Corporal Joyce then saw that a junior member of his battalion had been wounded and was struggling to exit Unoccupied Land and return to the Canadian front lines. Against advice, Corporal Joyce exited the Canadian trench and returned to the battle. He reached the wounded man, but was then caught by enemy fire. Before action could be taken to rescue him, a mortar shell exploded. It is my honour to tell you that Corporal Joyce has been recommended posthumously for –”
Evie stops him by rising.
“Please leave,” she orders. Her voice is calm, but I can hear the storm underneath.
The men nod, turn in unison and head for the door. The speaker starts to offer Evie advice about claiming her widow’s pension but she shakes her head. I see them out.
I’m standing before her numb. We look at each other, two souls suddenly ruptured. She opens her arms and I go to her. I carry her to bed and hold her to me and she cries, her body heaving with waves of grief. The sky should turn black and split open, the earth should strangle all her flowers, but outside, it’s bright and pleasant.
We’re out of time, and now out of space. We make love.



Chapter Thirty-six


The days dissolve in a chaos of loss. The same people who saw Adam off now return grimly to our house, offering rootless sympathy and hollow consolation about his “sacrifice.” There is no air in our house. The curtains stay shut in mourning, and Evie and I wear black. There’s a trickle of military personnel telling us what to do to get Evie’s pension and how we can retrieve what belongings they can ship back from the front. But there will be no burial. The Canadian front has been pushed back and the Germans now occupy the land on which he lies. That brings a new chasm of suffering – no body means no funeral, no grave to visit, nothing physical to be my brother after death.
At night, dreams of abandoned landscapes haunt me. I see his body lying alone in rainy fields, left for the rats and vultures to eat. I see my beautiful brother’s blond hair smeared with mud, his fine features destroyed by time. I see the entire dissolution of a man, like watching a mountain erode in minutes.
Everyone hugs Evie. Her eyes are raw red with grief. Neighbours bring food, offer help. They tell me to take care of her.
There’s a drop of poison in it all, and that poison is our love. Even when we have guests, we stay a little too close to each other, speak a little too intimately. I would restrain myself, but to see her suffering means I can’t help comforting her. The moon pulls the tide, and her grief pulls me. I don’t care who sees what, who rumours what – let them talk.
“I … I don’t want to cheapen my marriage,” Evie says one day after tutting aunts have left. The ice box is full and dinner’s holding its warmth in the oven.
“What do you mean?” I ask her, tidying away the tea cups.
“If things move too fast with us, people will think Adam meant nothing to me,” she says, avoiding my eyes.
“Forget people. Evie, I love you, and I loved my brother. What we have now takes nothing away from that. It’s got nothing to do with that.”
She looks at me now. Her eyes are sad, tired. Neither of us is sleeping. I’ve returned to my room – she says she needs some space to let Adam go – and I don’t sleep. My entire being aches to hold her and I writhe till the sheets are twisted into a storm. I’ve come into her room twice in the middle of the night. Once, she woke, we made love and I slept. The second time she asked me to leave. She was crying, hugging his pillow tight. I spent a restless night envying a dead man.
I take a week off work, and so does Evie, but she never goes back.
“The hospital is full of dying and maimed young soldiers. I can’t see that,” she explains to me. It doesn’t matter – between what I earn at the factory and her pension, we do all right. I ask her about reconciling with her parents now that she’s no longer married to a north-ender, but she spurns the idea.
“I won’t dishonour his memory,” she declares and is angry at me for days.
People think our situation isn’t right – I hear them nattering about it before they see me as I wander Richmond – but no one is sure what right would look like. Does the widow move out of her familial home during a war? Does the brother who now owns the house leave? But to live alone together, so near to death… I don’t care. Let them gossip.
In those days of solitude as my dead brother steals back his wife, I rise early, take long, rambling walks to work, and do the same coming home. It’s nothing for me to take a four-mile hike at 3 a.m. I can’t sleep and search the city for that beauty that was once in every inch of it.
After two months and three days, Evie comes to me at night. “Come home,” she says, arm extended. I stand and take her hand and she leads me into her bedroom. My brother’s bedroom. My parents’ bedroom.
Our bedroom.
We make love, talk till dawn. I never want to sleep without her again.
“You’re all that’s left,” I whisper. “Everyone else I ever loved is gone.”
She nods, kisses a tear off my cheek.
“You’re my everything,” she says softly, and it’s done. Whatever the world says, we’re married in our souls.
My work suffers. I can’t focus and keep breaking the machinery. My boss warns me about it, but gently – grief buys you a lot of time and sympathy, especially when it’s a hero who died. As the war stumbles bloodily on, an idea takes hold of my mind.
I fight it and don’t talk to Evie about it. I dismiss it, but it comes back from every direction. I tell myself I’m a fool and should take some time before making such a decision. But it slips into my mind with steel tentacles and soon occupies all of me.
I ask Evie to marry me. Yes, she says. You won’t even have to change your new last name, I tease. That sucks the life out of both of us. But marriage is right. It was customary in the Bible, she tells me – when a man died, his brother was to step in and marry his wife.
No scandal – and there shouldn’t be, I tell her, and anyone who will listen. No guilt. That’s the funny thing. I don’t feel any guilt at all.
Three days after Evie agrees to marry me, I destroy her with a sentence:
“I’ve signed up.”



Chapter Thirty-seven


Evie’s sitting with her back to me. I know her so well now speech is unnecessary – the arch of her turned back tells me everything. I kiss her on the side of her neck. She shrugs me off.
“He really is dead, you know,” she says, acid bleeding into her voice. I sigh, walk away from her. We’ve had this conversation many, many times.
“One hundred percent not alive. We may not have his body, but I can assure you that if it does come back, we won’t want to see it. What he was is annihilated.”
She says this with an unnerving calm. When she’s like this I can look her straight in the eye and I may as well be looking at a stone. She can hide deeply in her self. I guess working with the dead and dying in a hospital does that to you.
“I know that,” I say quietly, pulling back the kitchen curtain to watch the night streets. It’s dark because of the blackout. I like it like that – I like walking the lightless streets. There’s no moon tonight, only stars.
“Then why are you going there?” she asks. I exhale slowly, loudly.
“This war is bigger than me – bigger than me and you and Adam all put together. Now it’s my turn to carry the burden. The Germans won’t stop with Europe. If we don’t beat them there, they’ll come here.”
“You sound like a recruitment poster,” she scoffs.
I let that go. I’ve been training for a while now, getting battleready. Work at the factory had mostly prepared my body and now the military is taking care of my mind. I like that. I like not having to think anymore. The freedom of slaves, Evie called it.
“I can’t just stay safe at home while others fight for our freedom,” I tell her, letting the curtain drop and turning back into the room. “What kind of man would that make me?”
“The same man you were before Adam died. The same man I took into my bed. The same man I agreed to marry.”
“I am still the same man – but you don’t want to share your bed with a coward, do you?”
She starts to say something, but cuts herself off. I twitch with a wave of anger, imagining she was going to say that it hasn’t stopped her so far. I’ve been losing my temper a lot with her lately. With lots of people.
“Look, this isn’t about any of that. It’s just about me doing my duty.”
She laughs, angrily.
“Do you think you really believe that?” she asks, looking at me for the first time.
I don’t answer.
“The neighbours may believe that and your family may believe that – that you’re standing in your brother’s shoes, that his death has promoted you to head of the family and you’ve finally grown up. And maybe that’s all true – but they think it’s right and dignified and holy. But beneath that is a harder truth. You and I…” she pauses a moment, looking for unpoisoned words. “You feel guilty about what we’ve done and are trying to make it right. But you don’t need to make it right – and I’m afraid you’re going to go off and commit suicide disguised as heroism. You dream that as you lay dying in a muddy field in Flanders, you will be absolved. That somehow you will atone. But that’s a lie – your duty is here, with me. Atonement is here.”
I can’t look at her. I can’t hear her. I stare into the shadows on the floor. I start shaking my head no and can’t stop. The roof of our house keeps falling on me, slowly pressing me against the floor like the lid of a coffin.
I slam the door behind me and I’m out walking. The air is good, fresh. The air in our house is heavy as funeral incense. The sky is bright with stars and high above me and I feel free.
I inhale deeply, walk down Rector Street to the docks. It’s late, but the stevedores are still at work. A new merchant ship is docked at Pier 6, the crew stumbling unsteadily down the long wharf after a much-needed night on the town. They’re arm-in-arm, drunkenly dancing. Foreigners, but I can’t make out what kind. One of them sings a very rude song about “Halifax women” in heavily accented English, and turns the second “a” into a “u” for the finale. They roar with laughter and someone appears on the ship’s deck to shush them.
I walk to the edge of the pier. A ship slips quietly through the Narrows, the crew standing on the deck, relief evident on their faces. It must’ve been the last ship let in before the anti-submarine nets went up for the night. It heads for the safety of Bedford Basin, passing the wigwams of Turtle Grove. The Echo had been reporting on some dispute over there – a fight over land, as usual. The province wants the Indians off, moved to a reserve at Albro Lake, but the Indians wanted to stay. Can’t say I blame them – it sure is a pretty spot.
I tour Richmond for a couple more long hours, walk up Fort Needham and sit for ages, staring out over the black waters, watching as the shipyard tucks itself in for the night. When the cool of the summer evening starts to chill me, I head home. I slip in the front door, take my jacket and shoes off, walk softly into the bedroom. Evie’s asleep, her head turned into the middle of the bed, her arms reaching into the empty half. Her pillow’s still damp with tears. I undress and slide in beside her. She doesn’t wake.



Chapter Thirty-eight


The prow of the battleship cuts through the choppy white waves of the Atlantic as we speed off to Europe. Adam’s decorated ghost is fading as we near the theatre of war. The ship’s passengers are mostly Canadian soldiers, but from all over the country. In training at home, I was treated as heir apparent for the title of Halifax’s hero. Adam’s name was spoken with a special reverence. Here, he’s just another name to be engraved on a monument when this is all done. His hands have failed, like so many others, and we rush in to take up the quarrel. But we can’t think about the sleepless dead. Not now.
Evie and I wed Saturday. Spent our last day together Sunday. I left Monday. She went through a remarkable transformation. Right up until Thursday, she was miserable, trying to talk me out of going, even though by then that would have meant jail. Jail was better than the grave, she kept saying. She was really angry, not talking to me at all. Just gloom. It was like our front door had been marked with lamb’s blood – no one came around. It was just Evie and me. I hated to hurt her, but my life was beyond me now–I was a piece of the military machine and I could only go where it took me. And I was glad of it. No more hard choices, no more responsibility. Abdicate my freedom to the machine, and let the machine do with me what it would.
Thursday, though, Evie woke up full of charms.
“Morning!” she chirped, kissing me on the cheek. She hovered over me, her body teasing mine and then zoomed back down for another kiss. We got out of bed a half hour later, very happy.
She made me breakfast and walked with me down to the training grounds. Final instructions these days and brushing up on bayonet drills.
“Have fun!” she said, kissing me and making to leave. I grabbed her by the waist, pulled her back. Forget the funny looks–we were practically married already.
“What’s gotten into you? Or should I say what’s gotten out of you?” I ask her, smiling curiously. I’m not sure I want to know.
“We’ll talk later,” she says, slips out of my arms and puts on a burst of running to get up the hill. She stops half-way up, turns back and waves. I wave, turn into the grounds.
Later that night, back under the covers, she talks.
“My father always says, ‘Es muss sein,’” she starts. “It was supposedly the last thing Beethoven ever said. Or wrote, really. My father is a Beethoven fanatic.”
“What’s that got to do with this sudden sun storm of yours?” I ask, sitting up on my elbow.
“It means, ‘It must be.’ The music he’d written, the life he’d led, and the death now approaching him – it must be. I imagine he found a peace in that, and now I’m finding a peace in that. We’ve all got our destinies, and a life lived without chasing its destiny may as well be death. And your destiny has brought you here with me, and now it’s taking you away to Europe.”
“Just like it did Adam,” I say, stroking her cheek. She bites my finger.
“No – he had his own fate. Yours isn’t the same. This isn’t the same. Life will unfold, whether we are happy about it or miserable. I’ve decided I’ve been miserable long enough – so let’s run after the joy like we’re chasing the sun around the globe. Let’s make it high noon wherever we are.”
I’m following her, but barely. It’s no secret she’s smarter than I am, though she says I’ve got “raw” intelligence.
“How about this, then,” I propose, nuzzling noses. “Every day from when I leave to when I return, when the sun hits the top of the sky in either of our worlds, we stop and say the other’s name.”
She smiles.
“All right,” she says in a little voice. “Out loud,” I add.
She kisses me.
On Saturday, the sun shines gloriously, and we are made man and wife. It’s a sparse ceremony, befitting a rationed town at war. Some of my friends and family come, none of hers. That’s fine. I want this to be done our way, not just a rehash of her and Adam. Father McKay is gracious and kind.
When we are married, we go home to change, make love, and then take a train along the basin to Rockingham Station and walk around the heart-shaped pond the Duke of Kent built for his lover. It is a flawless day.
We go home, make love again and again, then Sunday comes, then Monday, and now here I am, coursing over the ever-cold waters of the Atlantic, chasing down my destiny.



Chapter Thirty-nine


I come home late, tired by another twelve-hour shift. The streets are dark and empty, and the wind is harsh. All the curtains are drawn, all the lights blocked so the German U-boats won’t know where to attack. It seems ridiculous, all the way over here. The war is so far away. Most Germans couldn’t find Canada on a map, let alone sail across the ocean to attack it. But German submarines do prowl offshore, and hard nets act as underwater gates to close the city each night.
When I first got, I took a while to heal up, but Evie and I were running out of things to sell and my army money only bought enough food to make us hungrier. I joked last night that we’d have to burn the house piece by piece to avoid freezing to death. I started asking around. Halifax is a boom town fuelled by the war, and jobs are going begging.
My old friend Michael Ryan found me a position at the sugar refinery and I do my tasks quietly. My boss is an ass, but at least he’s not trying to kill me, which is more than I can say for the officers I’ve left behind. I go to work in the morning and come home at night. I don’t want any more from life.
Sometimes I get lost walking home. I’ve lived in Richmond my whole life, but with the lights out, and after two years away, I take wrong turns. It can take me hours to get home, wandering up and down the hills, along the dockyards, beside the railway tracks. Maybe I’m not lost at all. At least, my body’s not lost.
Evie’s so good to me I can’t stand it. However bad I hurt her, whatever evil things I say, she stays. We shouldn’t be together. I’m an imposter. I’m not her husband. If she stays with me, I’ll break her soul. I’m too heavy. But I’m too weak to leave her, and she’s too kind to go. So I bring the war, and she offers peace.
I find our door, slide it open, click it shut to hold out the cold. It’s dark inside – no surprise. It’s late and she’ll have gone to sleep. My dinner will be on the table, but my stomach is rotted out these days and I can’t stand food. It all tastes like mud.
I stumble over something.
“Mmmmm,” Evie yawns, and there she is, sitting on our floor. She stretches up, smiles sleepily at me, opens her arms to me. She’s wearing her pretty blue dress.
“What are you doing?” I ask, moving into her hug.
My mother’s old table cloth is spread over the floor. There’s bread, lamb, even some apples. A small flask of wine.
“What are you doing?” I repeat, holding her back so I can look at her eyes.
Her smile widens and she flickers her eyebrows at me. Lights a candle.
“Happy anniversary,” she says.
I panic, think hard about the date. We were married in summer. It’s winter.
“What anniversary?” I ask, stupidly.
She hugs me to her, taking a long breath in, letting it roll slowly out. I kiss her on her pale neck. She smells so clean. She lets out a big yawn, and I realize she’s been waiting for me for hours.
“You’ve been home two months today,” she says, kissing me softly. “Well, yesterday. So I made a picnic to celebrate.”
“And I ruined it by being late.”
“No! Not at all. Well, a little,” she says, teasing. “But that’s not your fault.”
“Mr. West,” I explain. “Says the bitter war never stops, so the sweet sugar can’t stop either.”
She nods, starts breaking up the bread. She hands me a piece. I’m sitting right beside her, so I can feel every move.
“Where on earth did you find wine?” I ask. Even cheap beer is expensive these days, and I’m kind of glad about that. Food tastes awful, but booze is delicious. Luckily, the Temperance movement has just about succeeded in drying out the whole city.
She sticks her tongue out at me. “Never you mind about that. A woman has her ways,” she says.
I take the glass she offers me and we drink, arms entwined. The wine feels warm and good running down my throat.
“To you,” I say.
“To you,” she replies.
We smile. I set down the glass and we move toward each other. Noses nuzzling, I stroke my fingers through her hair.
“I love you, Evie,” I whisper.
“I love you too,” she says, nibbling on my ear.
And peace comes dropping slowly into my heart. I’m Lazarus leaving the grave, soft eyes only for my saviour. The iron that has pumped through my veins for two years melts, turns back to warm blood. All the dark things that have troubled my spirit for so long rise up in me.
I let them go.



Chapter Forty


“You’ve got to take her!” Krauss shouts, exasperated. It’s the fifth makeshift hospital he’s taken the bleeding girl to, and the fifth they’ve been turned away from. They left the prison at dawn and have been wandering for hours.
“I’m sorry, sir, but we are full of seriously injured people – people who would die if they left here. We just don’t have room for mildly injured people,” the nurse explains. Her eyes are bloodshot; she’s been working twenty-five straight hours.
Krauss covers his face with his hands, takes a deep breath. “What am I supposed to do with her?”
The nurse smiles. “Take care of her.”
She puts an arm around Adelaide.
“Your new friend here will take good care of you, won’t you?” she says, looking at the reporter.
He grunts, nods.
“Let’s wrap up your little boo-boo, and then you two can find somewhere nice to sit and wait for things to get settled out, all right?”
The girl nods. She’s barely spoken since the soldiers tore her from her mother’s frozen corpse in the middle of the night. The nurse bandages the girl’s cuts. Pats her on the head.
“Now go find someplace you can rest,” she instructs them both. “There are hospices in the south end that are still taking people.”
“Can we go please?” Adelaide asks, tugging on his sleeve.
He sighs. “Fine. But I’ve got work to do, too. So we’ll have to do both.”
She’s at least wearing proper winter clothes now. The hospitals were handing out stacks of sweaters and coats from those who had died overnight, or that had been handed in from undamaged areas.
“Right. Bundle up,” Krauss says, turning up his own collar and pulling down his new hat. The girl buries herself into her coat and hat.
“Thanks,” he says to the nurse, who smiles tiredly and pats him on the back.



Chapter Forty-one


I awake chilled; my face is frozen. I blink away the nightmares and the frost and look around. I’m in a tent, under a thick covering of army blankets. I kick them off and stand. The walls of the tent shake with the wind. There’s a dim light coming through.
The fire’s gone out and there’s ice on the insides of the walls. The wind dies down and I can hear faint voices coming from outside. The catastrophe kicks back into my head. Evie’s still missing. The city’s still crushed. I do up my coat and untie the tent door. Three feet of snow fall inside, along with the arctic chill.
It’s still snowing. The field of white tents blends into the white snow covering the Commons. It’s coming down in orderly lines. I can make out the Armoury. Trucks and horses mill about outside it, somehow finding fresh wounded to bring in. A long line of shivering people wraps around the front, disappearing to the side.
I walk toward it and find the young soldier from the night before. He’s standing near the field hospital, smoking.
“Morning, sir,” he says. He offers me another cigarette. We stand puffing, shivering.
“What’s going on?” I ask.
“Everything’s under control. We got help in from the Valley, from Cape Breton, from the South Shore. I heard that even Boston is sending supplies. This city’ll be up and running by Christmas.”
He must be nineteen years old.
“The trains from the Valley are bringing food and doctors,” he says. “But it seems like the worst of the injuries are over.”
“And I guess the night thinned our numbers,” I say.
He nods. “I took two bodies out of the tents already today. Didn’t see them go in, but one fellow had a bad cut on the side of his neck, and I guess he bled to death in the night. The other was a kid.”
He takes a long drag.
“What happened to the kid?” I ask. He’s quiet, then: “Nothing.”
“Nothing?”
“Well, it looks like the explosion didn’t do anything but darken his face,” the soldier clarifies.
“What’d he die of then?”
“Cold, I guess. Like I said, I didn’t see him go in the tent. But he was in there this morning, frozen solid.”
We smoke for a moment. I’m thinking he’s got a lot of guilt, but there was no way he could have spotted the kid coming in from God knows where and not knowing how to start the stove. I think I should tell him that, but don’t.
“I’m sure Evie is just fine,” he suddenly says. I look at him hard.
“How do you know her name?”
He gets embarrassed, turns his eyes to his polished boots. “You were shouting to her all night, sir.”
I curse, apologize.
“It’s nothing, sir. At least I knew you were still alive.”
“Did you sleep at all last night?” I ask him.
He shakes his head. “Someone had to watch these tents.” I toss the cigarette on the ground.
“Thanks for everything,” I say, patting him on the arm. He nods and I start to walk away.
“Sir?” he calls to me over my shoulder. “You might want to go to Camp Hill Hospital. I think you might have a concussion.”
I thank him and start back to the north end. I spent my first days back home in Camp Hill. It was a new hospital, not yet fully running. It was built to treat all the mangled soldiers returning from Europe. I stayed long enough to let them fix my elbow and leg.
I was hoping the Halifax blast had knocked me back to the way I was before the European shocks. Guess not.
I turn and start running. My head, it isn’t right. I can’t think. I’m thinking about the hospital now. I’m sure Evie’s there. Maybe she’s unconscious, lying in a bed, and no one knows who she is. Maybe they found out her name but can’t find me. Maybe she heard about the refinery and thinks I’m dead.
Running through the smashed streets I see a man holding a newspaper: HALIFAX WRECKED, it shouts. Underneath it says at least a thousand are dead. At least.
The city’s knocked to pieces and three feet of clean snow has buried it. Most of the fires are out, at any rate. There are corpses everywhere, piled like stone walls. Most of them are frozen, their busted faces covered in white frost. Some clearly died in the explosion, while some survived the blast only to fall over in the night, leaving an elbow or knee sticking out of the snow. It’s strangely peaceful as the morning sun illuminates the blizzard. The dead have become part of the city.
People are already dressed for mourning. Women head-to-toe in black wander sobbing through the desolation. A few demented men pull beams out of holes where houses used to be, praying for miracles.
There aren’t many today.



Chapter Forty-two


Krauss and the girl step out into the blinding blizzard. The wind is howling, throwing hard snow in their faces. Jack takes Adelaide’s hand and leads her to what he hopes is the south end. Soldiers work in the new day, clearing the roads inch by inch, but it’s slow going. Now and then a body looms out of the whiteness.
Half way to the south-end hospice the nurse sent them to he sees two bodies and at first thinks they’re lovers who died in each other’s arms.
The top one’s moving.
Krauss stumbles and slides down the slope, eager to help. The girl struggles to keep up.
“Hey,” he shouts, but the wind steals his words. He’s right on top of the pair before the moving one spots him.
They lock eyes for a few seconds. The boy’s young, maybe thirteen, and covered in soot. The look on his face says he’s been in tougher situations.
Krauss takes in the scene for what it is: the boy is kneeled over a frozen old man, riffling through his pockets. The man’s neck is bent back like he got dropped on it, but everything is covered in hoar frost. His jacket’s stiff with the cold and the younger man is having a hard time removing the wallet, but he’s already got the watch.
“Hey!” Krauss shouts again, running at the boy.
He stands his ground, digging frantically into the pockets while Krauss shoves him.
“Hey yourself!” the boy says, falling back into the snow.
“How’s this your business?”
Krauss stands up, dusts the snow off himself. “You can’t rob the dead,” Krauss says.
“What, I should rob the living? That’d be better?” Then, with a little menace, eyeing Krauss up and down, “You two got anything worth taking?”
“Don’t even try,” Krauss growls, putting an arm around the girl. He’s got size on the boy, but he hasn’t fought in a long time. “And leave this poor man alone.”
“That ain’t no man, that’s a corpse, and a corpse don’t need to know what time it is, and a corpse don’t need money,” the boy says, spitting. He starts coughing and Krauss notices he’s not got a jacket on.
“Look, there’s relief on in the city – why don’t you head back that way and find some place warm,” Krauss tells him.
The boy shakes his head.
“Them soldiers have got shoot-to-kill orders. I don’t want to give them target practice.”
Krauss cocks an eye. “They aren’t going to kill you. You’re just a boy.”
“I heard about a looter strung up from a lamppost,” the boy says, fear finally creeping into his voice.
Krauss shakes his head. “I’m a reporter. I’ve spent all day covering this city, talking to everyone. Nobody’s been killed. It’s just a bluff to scare people into doing the right thing.”
The boy seems relieved. “Just go,” Krauss says.
The boy stands, looking nervous, like he’s got something to say.
“What?” Krauss asks, also nervous. “Thanks,” the boy says, tears in his voice.
“For what?” asks Krauss, feeling touched and a little heroic. “For setting me on the right path,” the boy whispers. He steps closer to Krauss in the pounding storm. He’s got his arms open. Krauss smiles, opens his own, and the boy falls into them. He’s sobbing away on the reporter’s chest, pounding his fists in grief.
Krauss gives him a minute, then holds him at arm’s length. “Go and get some help,” he repeats, smiling.
“Yes sir,” says the boy. He starts to run down the tracks, stops after a few yards. He turns back and waves, holding something small and brown. Krauss waves back.
“Isn’t that your wallet?” asks Adelaide.
“What? No, my wallet’s – ” he starts, patting his coat pocket.
The wallet’s gone.Chapter Forty-four skirt around the back of Citadel Hill – it looks like a big white cake under all that snow. Smoke puffs out of the moat from the people camped out in there. Must’ve been cold under that night sky full of blizzard. I cross a field and head down Robie Street. I’m outside of the dead zone now and Robie looks like it always does – an ungainly mix of cars, trucks, horses and wagons pushing each other out of the way, narrowly avoiding killing each other.
The hospital’s set off the road a bit, up a little hill. A big truck is backed up to its front door, the cloth-covered back tucked under the foyer. Bandaged soldiers unload the civilian wounded. I recognize one of the men from my stay in the hospital. He was recovering in the bed next to mine. English, but with a Canadian father. His parents were still in London, but he managed to escape Europe’s war machine by coming to Canada after being injured. He’d heard good things about the pine-scented air and the opportunities big enough for any ambition.
“Paul,” I say to him.
“Tommy! What brings you back here?” he says, stepping away from the truck.
He’s polite, funny. Not fazed by the catastrophe. “I’m looking for Evie.”
“Ah, yes, the Edenic Evelyn,” Paul says dreamily. He flirted something awful with her every time she came in to see me. “Funny I haven’t run into her yet. She working or recovering?”
“I don’t know that she’s here,” I tell him, trying to keep my voice steady. “I’ve been searching since the blast, but haven’t found her.”
“I’m sure she’s around somewhere,” he says, without much conviction. “There are more than a thousand people in here, and it’s the same at all the hospitals and prisons across the city. Any public space has been taken over by the military. There’s even an American hospital ship full of wounded. You could try there. The paper’s compiling a list of the –” Suddenly he stops.
“Of the dead?” I offer. “Yeah, sorry. Of the dead.”
I think of the newspaper man I ran into last night. Maybe he knows something.
“But, well, there’s no point worrying about that,” he says. “I’ll put the word out here, and if she is here, I’ll find you and let you know. You got a picture of her or something?”
I shake my head. “The house burned with everything in it. I had a photograph in my coat pocket, but the blast blew my clothes right off me.”
Paul raises his eyes in alarm. “Poor, poor Halifax – the horrors she has witnessed!”
I smile a little. The snow’s still coming heavy and wet, sticking to our clothes, so we step inside. It’s warmer in the hospital, but there’s no heat, no electricity. The windows are all gone, the windy holes covered by blankets hung across them. Some have wood planks nailed to them, making for dark stretches of the corridors. It still smells of new paint in some places.
Banged-up survivors are lying everywhere, some moaning, some resigned to a long wait. Most look scared, but some are still shocked – those familiar sightless eyes staring through walls. Nurses are doing triage in the entryway and sending the worst hit deeper into the hospital, but that leaves plenty clinging to life and waiting for space.
“How bad is it?” I ask Paul.
“Plenty bad. This hospital isn’t even finished, and when it’s finished, it’s supposed to take in two hundred and eighty military personnel. At last count there were fourteen hundred people in here.”
I let out a low whistle.
“It’s the same all over town. Every hospital is stuffed full. They say ten thousand injured, two or three thousand dead. The morgues are overflowing. Thanks God it’s winter, and the bodies can lie in the ruins for a while yet.” He lowers his voice to a whisper: “We’ve got people who died overnight still lying in their beds, because we’ve got nowhere else to put them.”
The front doors burst open.
“Give a hand?” shouts a tired man in dirty civilian clothes before heading back outside. Paul and I, and some of the less wounded, come out to help. The man’s riding a horse pulling a wagon full of wounded. They’re sitting up, huddled together against the cold, still in deep shock. As we start unloading them, helping them inside, where at least it’s warm, another man turns up pushing a baby carriage. His eyes are wide open and he’s got frostbite all over his hands and face. We help them as best we can.
When things settle down again, I tell Paul I’m going to have a look around.
“Sure – like I say, it’s a big place. But you know your way around. Let’s meet up tonight anyway,” he says, standing.
I nod.
“And bring Evie.”
“Thanks, Paul.” He nods.
I turn down the corridor and head deeper into the hospital. It’s thick with doctors and I have to press myself against the wall several times to avoid getting run over by flying gurneys. There are people absolutely everywhere – you can hardly walk without stepping on them. The smell of bloody wounds mixes with unwashed bodies. Paul’s right – thank God this is winter. In summer, the stench in here would’ve been unbearable.
I scan all the faces, those walking and those slumped on the floor, but no Evie. I come out into a big waiting room with locked doors. It’s packed. I stand there a while, not sure where to go. Everyone is quiet. I find a free space on the wall and lean against it, out of ideas.
“Can you help me?” croaks a frail voice.
I turn to find it. An old woman sitting against the wall with her legs tucked up under her. She’s wearing a thin nightgown and her feet are a sickly shade of white. Frostbite. She’s got lots of cuts and bruises on her face, like someone threw her through a glass door, and her left eye is gone.
I kneel next to her.
“I need a doctor,” she whispers. Her throat sounds wheezy, like it’s full of holes.
“So does everyone,” I say, pointing to the others.
She’s silent, staring up at me with a terrified face. “They’re all dead,” she finally whispers.
I take a closer look and see it’s true. Sitting in chairs, lying on gurneys, stretched on the floor: this is a waiting room for the dead. I help the old woman to her feet and we walk back into the hospital.
“I been in there all night,” she tells me in her quiet voice. “And they’ve been dead all along?”
She shakes her head. “No, they were all alive. I heard them dying through the night. Some screamed, some cried. Some just made that awful rattle in their chest. It got really dark, and for a long time I thought there must be others still alive, but then daylight came and I saw they were all dead.”
“Why didn’t you leave the room?”
“I … I was afraid everyone was dead. Everyone in the city. And I didn’t want to know that. I thought, I’ll just sit here comfortably till I die. Then you came in, so I knew there was at least one more alive.”
She smiles warmly at me. She’s missing a lot of teeth. “Have you got anyone who’d be looking for you?” I ask.
She nods. “I don’t remember how I got here. I was home alone – my husband is dead – but I live with my son and his wife and their three children.”
She smiles at that.
“In Richmond?” I ask. “Duffus Street.”
Not far from mine. Totally destroyed.
“Let’s get you to a bed and then I’m sure they’ll find you,” I tell her.
I find a calmer area, a ward full of orderly beds and nurses and doctors checking on everyone. I leave the old woman with a nurse there and head back into the halls.
The farther in I go, the worse it gets. No one stops me, no one talks to me. I find a back staircase and walk down into the basement. The corridors are dark and foul-smelling. There are bodies in the hallway, on beds, in the bathrooms. It’s an open-air cemetery. The dead have taken over the earth.
I find another staircase and head back up into the land of the living. I hear children and think that’s where Evie’d be. I push open the door of a small room and a doctor turns in his chair to see me. He’s in his forties, short blond hair, very handsome. Wearing a bow tie and dress shirt, vest and nice pants and medical gloves. His eyes are drooping shut, but he looks serene. He’s sitting by a row of beds filled with bandaged children. A few nurses soothe them. Everybody’s looking at me.
“Can I help you?” the doctor asks me. I take a moment to scan the room.
“No,” I finally say. I tell him I’m looking for my wife. He smiles.
“Judith and Patricia have been here with me from the start. I’m sorry, but I haven’t seen your wife.”
“How long have you been here?”
He thinks. “Since yesterday morning. I had a presentation to do at the university, and was heading to the Dalhousie campus when the blast hit. I was fine, so I came straight here.”
“That’s more than twenty-four hours,” I say.
He nods, tired. “We could do with a break – but these children could use a break, too,” he says with a little laugh. “So we’ll keep working for now.”
Half the children are missing at least one eye. All have white gauze wrapped round their heads, and a shocked, empty look on their faces.
“Thanks for your help,” I tell him, backing out.
“Good luck finding your wife,” he calls out as the door shuts.
And I’m running. She’s not in here. The place is necropolis, a white-painted sarcophagus filled with rotting corpses. I crash into a doctor, sending him to the floor. Something glass breaks and he curses me. I don’t care. I keep going till I find the front doors and burst out of them like the place is on fire.
Outside I bend over to catch my breath. The air is cold in my lungs, the world white with cottony snow.



Chapter Forty-three


Evie’s upset. I’ve been back a few weeks and it’s not getting any better. Everything I do tears holes through us.
“I love you, Evie!” I say, as if she’ll smile like a girl given a sweet.
“What exactly do you think that means?” she asks, voice hard. “It … it means that you mean everything to me.”
“So you treat me like this? Like I’m the enemy and you can do whatever you like to make yourself feel better?”
“No! I don’t do whatever I like. Evie, I’m trying to fix my head, but it’s so smashed I don’t even know where to begin. It was hell over there –”
“It was hell over here, Tommy. Do you know how hard it was? Waiting alone for you? With no family anymore, with no friends – nothing but a dead first husband and an absent second one? The only person I could even talk to was Father McKay, and now you won’t even speak to him. You don’t care what he means to me – you only know what he means to you. And even before that – when Adam was alive and I was with you? How hard that was for me?” she asks, tears slipping down her face. She rubs them off harshly.
“I know, I know – it was hard for you,” I say, but I don’t. “It was hard for me, too. He may have been your husband, but he was my brother. You were afraid we’d get caught – so was I.”
She glares at me. “You just don’t understand, do you? You don’t understand any of it. I loved you, but that didn’t mean I loved Adam any less. I was never afraid of getting caught. Maybe I even wanted to get caught, so I didn’t have to think what I was thinking.”
Her eyes are locked on me defiantly.
“At times, I imagined him dying. When you were here and he was there, and when what we had was good, I imagined him never coming home. I thought this was our home – yours and mine – and I couldn’t imagine finding space for him here. I couldn’t imagine saying goodbye to you. And now he’s dead. And you keep losing your mind, screaming and throwing a tantrum, and I’m supposed to just take it.”
I’m broken bottles. I can’t touch her without drawing blood. “Evie –”
“I won’t put up with it anymore. It’s not just me and you now. We’ve got a child on the way. How am I supposed to raise a child when I’m afraid something I say might set you off again? How do I know you won’t one day hit our baby?”
I start to protest but she cuts me off.
“I gave up everything for your brother, and then I gave it up again for you. At least he made me feel like it was worth it.”
She looks away at the end of that.
“I won’t give it up for the baby. You don’t come first anymore, Tommy. You’re beyond last chances. You hit me – you pushed me onto the floor. How do you think that makes me feel? First, you think I’m a whore who’s sleeping with every sailor in Halifax just because I fell in love with you and slept with you while Adam was alive, and then you make it up to me by humiliating me. Say what you want about your brother – keep telling yourself he had no poetry, that he couldn’t know me deep enough to really love me – but he loved me enough to never do that.”
“I’m sor –”
“That’s as empty as your I-love-yous. You don’t even know what the words mean. You just know you’re supposed to say them.”
“Evie, you’re everything to me. Before I met you, I had ice in my veins – all I did was look at pictures of sunsets, and I thought that was real. Then you walked in the room and I felt it on my skin – the warmth, the heat – and thought, ‘Oh, so this what it feels like to be alive.’ Without you, I’m drowning and desperate and I’ll do anything to stay above water. I’m terrified, and I’ll push down anyone to stay up with you.
“Those days I spent with Austin in the middle of No Man’s Land – that was my life before you. I was just another dead man in the graveyard. I couldn’t feel anything, and … and I got to thinking that I’d lose you, because why would you chose me, and
… and …”
I run out of words, stare up at her with pleading eyes.
She shakes her head. “Why did you think you’d lose me?” she asks, pinching her nose.
“Because I don’t know how I won you in the first place. I don’t know why you’re with me and I’m sure you’ll realize one day you don’t either and you’ll leave me.”
“So you push me away.”
“Yeah. Because nothing on earth can hurt me like you could. The whole war bounced off me like pebbles thrown at a castle wall, so long as I had you. Nothing hurt. But when I thought I’d lost you … without you, the wind eats through my skin, the ground burns my feet. It’s agony or nothing, without you. I go numb just to survive. Without you, I can’t feel anything – because everything is pain.”
Evie sighs, rubs her eyes.
“Enough with the poetry. Just speak plainly, Tommy.”
“Sorry, I’m not trying–”
She stops me again, shakes her head.
“So why do you keep pushing me away?” she asks. “To see if you’ll leave,” I say.
She raises her eyebrows, lets out a laugh.
“I mean, I know that sounds stupid, and maybe it is, but what I mean is I’m so scared of losing you that sometimes it seems easier to just get it over with, you know? To put me out of my misery.”
“So this is misery, being with me.”
“No! No – it’s – ah, that’s not it, not at all! You know what I mean!”
“No, Tommy, I don’t. Sometimes I really don’t.”
“You understand me. No one else does – I feel like I speak a different language, but you understand me. And I guess I need to know that you need me. Need me like I need you. I’d rather have you angry than indifferent. At least if you’re angry, I know you care. I’d rather you hate me than not care at all.”
She sighs.
“Why would I hate you? I’m faithful to you for all the years you’re away – and trust me, there were plenty of opportunities, and I was plenty lonely. I wait for you, and as soon as you come home, you try to drive me out. What am I supposed to do?”
I tell her I don’t know. Fire always ends up ashes.
“Stop being such a fool, Tommy. I could go back to Truro first thing tomorrow morning. The second I leave you and the north end, my family would forgive me, take me in and I could raise the baby there. We’d have all the food and warmth we need.”
I shake my head.
“Then you need to heal yourself. Now,” she says. “You need to grow up – to wake up tomorrow morning and decide that you don’t come first anymore. The baby does. I do. All three of us as one, and that one thing is more important than anything else.”
I nod.
“You will never hit me again. You will never raise your hand to our baby. The past is over. It’s us three against the world now. All right?”
I nod, keep nodding.
Evie kisses me on the cheek. Crouches in front of the fire and scoops more coal on the embers.
A harsh wind rattles the front windows, swoops down the chimney. The fire grabs the oxygen and comes back to life.
“Fires only go out when you stop tending them,” she says.
She looks over her shoulder at me, smiling. “You’re not the only one with poetry.”



Chapter Forty-four


The blizzard’s easing up. Sunlight fills the clouds. The ruins of homes poke through the snow and the roads are clear. Groups of soldiers and sailors shovel paths for emergency vehicles, but the only transport moving are sleighs. The snow’s too deep for anything else. Some people are still digging through ruins, but the focus has shifted to removing the dead. The big, low sleighs stop next to the cordwood stacks of bodies and load up. Three across, four down. Twelve dead per load. If there are two thousand dead, this will take months. The drivers spur the horses, the horses strain to move under the burden, dragging the wagons up the steep hills to the morgues.
I walk past a house on the southern edge of the disaster area that’s mostly crumbled but must’ve been spared the fire, because the buckled skeleton is still standing. I hear a whining, and think it’s the wind. It changes pitch; it’s a baby crying. I walk into the building, ears wide, but now I can only hear the blizzard’s howling wind dancing around the creaking beams.
I catch it again. Follow. Nothing. I’m going crazy – I know there’s a baby in here but it’s not anywhere. Maybe it’s a ghost. I hear it again: cellar. I lower myself through a hole in the floor. It’s warm and smoky down here, damp with the melting snow trickling through the cracks. The stove’s tipped over, the embers spilled on the ground. Protected from the snow, the wood smoulders on.
The child cries again.
There’s a heavy pot peeking out from under the stove.
I wrench the stove off it so it crashes into the corner and turn the pot over and the infant lets loose an earth-shattering wail.
I scream too.
“Alive!” I shout, finding my voice hoarse. I pick up the swaddled child and hold her tight under my coat. She’s bruised, but fiercely alive, screaming and pounding her tiny fists against my chest. I kiss her face, whisper that everything’s going to be all right.
“Alive!” I scream again, angling my head upward. I put the baby through the hole in the floor and pull myself up after her. There’s a commotion outside as rescuers try to find my voice. I shout again and the house is flooded with soldiers and civilians. Everyone’s shouting, trying to touch the baby. The floor cracks and we hastily exit to the street.
People see me emerge with the screaming baby and start shouting. I’m grinning and crying and shaking all over, clutching the child to me like she’s my heart.
“Hallelujah!” cries one man, falling to his knees. “It’s a miracle!”
Survivors come pouring off the ruins from all directions, crowding in a circle around me and the miracle baby.
I try and tell them the pan must’ve fallen on her before the stove fell on that, and that either could have killed her but didn’t, but I’m not making any sense.
Three soldiers head back into the house to check for others, but find only the bodies of a woman and three children. No man, though – cause for hope. Maybe he’s unconscious in hospital, or fighting overseas.
A shock wave of relief and a fire of optimism surges through the crowd. Everyone’s smiling, celebrating, asking me questions. I tell the story of how I found her again and again. Everyone wants to hold the baby, but I can’t let go of her. She’s quiet now, looking at the world with big eyes.
“Is she yours?” an officer asks me. I tell him she isn’t.
“Anyone know who lived at this address?” he asks, raising his voice to be heard over the tumult. But it’s still hard to tell where we are on the street, and no one is sure whose house – or child – this is.
“Better get her to hospital,” the officer says to me.
I nod but there’s no way I’m letting her go. She’s warm and wet with tears, mine and hers, and snuggling into my chest. I think of Evie, and our child hiding in her womb, rub the tears off my face.
I shake my head.
The officer smiles. “You want to do the honours?”
“Yes sir!” I say, voice trembling. I’m shaking all over, but holding the baby tight. We find more clothes, wrap her so thick she looks like a little cloud, and I get on the back of a horse that’s been unhooked from its wagon for speed. Women follow us right to the horse, coddling the child, holding her while I get on the animal.
A woman passes up the baby and we go off at a trot. The rhythm soothes the child and she’s soon asleep. The crowd follows us for a moment, waving and cheering, until someone reminds them of their purpose.
“Back to the ruins! Next one to find a baby wins!” a man shouts. One rescue wipes out hundreds of recoveries. You’ve got to believe it’s worth it.
The street falls behind the veil of snow as the rescuers head back into the ruins.
I ride through the streets like a king. I tell the driver the story, say I’m going to adopt the girl, my head full of fantasies.
We go to a military convalescence home that’s been turned into a makeshift hospital. The staff are asleep on their feet, but everyone’s happy to see the baby.
“Thank you, sir,” says a friendly-looking nurse in her fifties, taking the baby.
“Can I see her again?” I ask, feeling a coldness on my chest when the baby’s gone.
“Of course.” The nurse smiles. “I’ll be here all day and night, you just come and see me, and we’ll go and see her.” I linger. I can’t be alone anymore.
“What a pretty girl!” the nurse says, checking for injuries. “A little bruised, but you’ll be just fine, won’t you?”
With another smile for me, the nurse heads back into the hospital.
And just like that, I fall. It’s not my baby. It’s not Evie. It’s just one tiny light in a universe of blackness.
It’s not enough.
I run out of the dead zone, out of the city, away from everyone who’s not Evie. I keep going south because I can’t think of anywhere else to go. My head is tumbling between past and present, hanging over the dark edge of the future.



Chapter Forty-five


Krauss and the girl trudge through the snow, heading south. They’ve stopped at a dozen hospitals and hospices, but all are full. There’s one more to try, far enough from the destroyed area that it might not yet be full.
“How’s your arm?” he asks Adelaide, glancing sideways at her.
“All right,” she whispers, holding it.
“We’ll find somewhere with room, and you’ll be fine,” he reassures her as they walk toward Point Pleasant Park. The househospital is on its edge.
They cross a bridge and Krauss sees a familiar man leaning on the stone wall, staring through the storm to the ocean.
“Thomas?” he asks.
The man turns slowly. His face is dead. Sleepless circles stand out darker on his soot-stained skin. His eyes take in the girl, take in Jack, but he doesn’t give any sign of recognition.
“I saw you at the Chebucto school morgue last night, and at the blast before that,” the reporter reminds him.
Joyce stares, starts to open his mouth, but ends up just nodding. He looks like he could fall asleep at any second. Or die. Adelaide hides behind Krauss’s legs.
“You all right?”
Joyce shakes his head. He tries to speak, bites his lip, starts again.
“It’s over,” he manages, so quietly Jack has to lean in. “What is?”
A dismissive shake of the head.
“Everything. I’ve searched this whole city. Everybody’s dead.”
His eyes return to the storm-troubled sea, watching the white waves roiling on the shore.
“I’ve got a heart full of dead children,” he mutters in a low, lost voice. “Found one but it wasn’t mine. None of them are mine. Evie’s dead, and the baby too. Nothing’s mine.”
“Look, I’ve got to take this girl to hospital. Just wait here – I’ll be back in a few minutes,” Krauss says, placing a hand on Joyce’s shoulder.
No response. “All right?”
Joyce closes his eyes, breathes out shakily.
“There’s no point,” he mumbles, so Krauss can barely hear him.
“Just stay put,” the reporter says, taking Adelaide by the hand. “What’s wrong with that man?” she whispers as they walk away.
Krauss shakes his head, glancing back at Joyce, a black hole in the white storm.
“Too much.”
They find the hospice. A middle-aged woman opens the door. “Yes?”
“This gi –,” he starts, catching himself. “Adelaide is badly wounded, cut on an iron stove, and needs help,” Jack says, arm around her.
“You’re her father?”
He stumbles, trying to explain it.
“Guardian?” the woman tries, running an eye over the girl. “Yes, yes,” Krauss says.
“Upstairs, last door on the right – there’s a nurse there who will see to you,” she says, and turns back into the house.
They climb the thickly carpeted staircase, Adelaide wide-eyed at the immense family portraits hanging along the wall. The last room is dark and quiet, apart from the breathing of the wounded. The room is warm, stinking of sweat and unwashed bodies.
There’s a low level of chatter humming like melancholy violins. There are eight occupied beds, eight bodies under blankets, eight chests rising and falling, pushing off relentless death. Three empty beds. There’s a window at the end, its curtains pulled back. The snow is easing up now, letting a ray of sun through. The big backyard is full of clean snow. The evergreen trees look like they’re wearing white dresses.
A pretty young nurse greets them.
“Oh dear, that’s quite a bang,” she says to Adelaide. The girl nods, suddenly crying.
“And what a brave girl you are! And you know what? You’ll be fine – we’ll have you mended in no time,” the nurse says with a smile that makes the girl smile. Jack, too.
“Long shift?” he asks as she helps Adelaide into one of the empty beds.
The woman smiles again, duller this time, no longer hiding the fatigue. She doesn’t meet his eye as she reties her brown hair up.
“Everyone’s working hard,” is all she says. “You live in the south end?” he asks.
She shakes her head. “Richmond.”
“I’m sorry,” Krauss says.
The nurse takes a long, shaky breath.
“Thank you. It’s a bad time for a lot of people.”
“Did you lose anyone?” Krauss asks.
She answers with a cocked eyebrow.
“Sorry, none of my business,” he backtracks. “Just, you know, the area was badly hit.”
“I know,” she says quietly. “I was home at the time. My house was destroyed, but I survived. I don’t remember anything before waking up here,” she says quietly, adjusting blankets for Adelaide. The girl’s already half asleep.
“Can I do anything else?” Krauss asks. “Ask downstairs,” the nurse answers. He nods.
“You be good if I leave you with the nurse,” he tells Adelaide.
She nods, taking the nurse’s hand. “I’ll be back soon,” he tells her.
Adelaide hesitates, climbs out of bed and runs over to Jack. Standing on her toes, she kisses him on the cheek.
“Thanks,” he says, blushing.
Adelaide nods, runs back to the nurse.
“This is probably a silly question, but do I know you?” he asks.
She looks at him.
“I don’t think so,” she finally says. “You’re not from around here, are you?” She shakes her head.
“Hm. I don’t know,” Krauss continues. “You seem familiar.”
“Not a very original line,” she says, smiling tiredly.
Jack’s heart flutters, and he blushes deeper. “No, sorry, I didn’t mean that – I just meant –”
“I know.”
She pulls on a smile and talks to Adelaide.
“Adelaide’s a pretty name. Mine’s Evelyn and I’m going to get you fixed. I’m helping a doctor make people better in a room just down the hall. As soon as he’s done with the person he’s helping now, we’ll gp on and get you fixed. All right?
Jacjk geads down the stairs, something digging at the back of his brain.
His hand closes on the doorknob, twists it open. The icy wind blows snow over the threshold, the storm wanting to conquer everything. Jack starts to smile, slams the door shut and runs up the stairs.



Chapter Forty-six


It’s late, December 5, 1917. Evie and I are sitting by the fire sharing a thick blanket.
“You’re freezing!” she squeals as I snuggle into her.
“Of course I am! It’s like the North Atlantic out there,” I say, rubbing my cold feet into her bum. She squirms, pushes them away. I’ve just put a hot brick into the bed, so we won’t freeze as soon as we get in.
Evie makes a show of chattering her teeth, but starts rubbing my feet.
“You’re so kind,” I say, making cow eyes at her. She rolls her eyes.
“I’ve got to sleep with these feet. It’s in my interest to warm them up.”
I smile, but I’m antsy. “What?” she finally asks.
“Hm? Nothing,” I say, but I’m a terrible liar. She huffs and turns to me.
“You may as well have ‘I want to talk’ written in ink on your head. So tell me,” she says, with a soft kiss to my ear. She lingers to bite it.
I sigh. I don’t want to ruin such a lovely night. “Fine. It’s about the letter I sent you.”
I expect a dramatic reaction – a sharp exhalation of breath, followed by a storming off, and then a back facing me in the bed. Instead, she smiles.
“You know, the last one before I got hurt and came home,” I prompt.
“I know,” she says, quietly. She’s happy. She should be getting ready to slap me.
“I’m really sorry you had to see it. I wasn’t in my right mind then.”
She looks at me oddly, a little hurt. “So you didn’t mean what you wrote?”
I shake my head. This is going better than I had imagined it would.
“None of it?”
I smile, shake my head again. “Not a word.”
“Hmph,” she says, but she’s more confused than angry as she turns away from me. I’m confused, too.
“We are talking about the last one I sent, yes?” I check. “Yes. So why did you write it then?” she asks, teeth gritted.
“I told you, the trench was rotting my brain, and I got all jealous and nuts, and wrote that. I should’ve just thrown it away.”
“Well, I’m glad you didn’t,” she says.
I think things through for a minute, trying to understand her reaction.
She gets up without a word, goes to the bedroom, and I decide I’ll give her some time to settle in before joining her, but she comes back a few seconds later. She’s got a shoe box. She opens it to reveal a treasure trove of letters, all on that familiar thin army paper and in ugly army envelopes.
“What’s this?” I ask, though it’s obvious.
“The letters you sent me,” she says, smiling, and picks through them expertly, quickly selecting one. The military postmark shows it to be the last one I sent.
“‘Dearest Evie,’” she begins, then looks up at me. “Do you mind if I read it?”
“No, please,” I say, knowing the hate letter didn’t begin like that, unless she’s censoring it. Maybe one of the army censors took pity on a poor insane soldier and tossed out the one I wrote, replacing it with this.
“There are a few lines scratched out at the top. I can’t read them – you really obliterated them – but you can just tell me which parts of the rest you would like to disown. How about ‘Dearest Evie’? Am I really your dearest?” she asks, teasing. I think.
“Yes, dearest dear, you are my dearest.”
“Good.”
Evie goes on, reading me to me: “‘I wake up reaching for you and my head is so full of you I can’t believe I can’t touch you. It’s 6:30 in the morning and many months must die before I can see you. I dream about you and wake cold, imagining the joy of waking to you, of kissing you awake, of seeing the birth of the day with you, touching you, feeling your hands on me. But I’m alone, and swollen with longing.
“I’ve been in this grave for two years now. I’ve survived not because I want to, but because I know you’re home waiting for me. I’m on night sentry, sitting in the trench through the dark hours, waiting and watching. It’s cold. A well-aimed shell would destroy the sentry’s box. I don’t care, because I know that whatever happens, the sun will rise.
“It’s like that with you. I survive because I know I’ll see you again. I know it’s not always been easy, but it makes sense to me now. Even if Adam had lived, if there’d been no war and we never even had our ‘time out of time,’ as you called it, I’d still love you–and that would be enough. If you broke my heart ten thousand times I’d still love you, because the pieces all belong to you.
“‘You’re everything I ever wanted, Evie, and I’m fighting this war for you. I’m awake at midnight watching the darkness to protect you. I’m dodging bullets and running from shells for you. I’m staying alive for you. I’m coming home for you.’”
She looks up at me.
“All right, I did mean that,” I say, trying to make a joke. “There was … another letter.”
“I know.”
“A horrible letter,” I say. She nods.
“I lied,” she says. “I can read what you wrote at the top of this one. The awful, hateful things.”
I start to speak; Evie silences me.
“But you scratched it out. You didn’t send that. You sent this,” she says, holding the letter. “There’s enough of you worth saving, dear.”
She strokes my cheek. She licks her finger, smoothes out my eyebrow. “There’s enough of us worth saving.”
I smile.
“Let’s go to bed,” Evie says, caressing my arm. “Think it’s warm enough yet?” I ask, stretching. “I think we can heat it up,” she answers.



Chapter Forty-seven


The sun turns the snow-filled gully beneath the bridge into a shimmering diamond too bright to look at. The ocean sparkles like it’s never held battleships or bodies. It’s all a pretty lie. A thousand sleepless, foodless days put their knives into me and bleed me. The sky is swirling, buckling and billowing like it’s hanging onto the edge of the explosion. I stare up at the sunlight, but it’s dulled by the clouds. I see the end, see my parents, see Adam, Father McKay and then Evie, serene in white, and I wonder why I fought death for so long. Evie’s dead. Our baby’s dead. Adam’s dead. McKay’s dead.
Why am I alive?
I stand up, hands on the rail, staring down at the abyss. It’s all over.
“Tommy,” she whispers, a warm breeze in the storm.
I turn. A figure comes slowly through the white snow. It’s not her. It’s another lie, another false hope fleeing over the endless horizon.
“Tommy,” she says again, stopping just beyond my arms. I can’t reach for her. Another ghost would destroy me.
She smiles and I’m pulling her close to me, feeling her arms, her waist, her hair, her tears. I say her name again and again. Tears stream down my face. She holds me, lifts the disaster off my shoulders. “He said it was you,” she whispers.
I start to breathe, my heart pushes fresh blood into my veins. “Evie.”
“Tommy,” she sobs, pressing her face to mine.
I breath in the smell of her skin.
I hug her tight, then hold her out. I press my hand to her belly, look at her.
She nods. “The baby’s fine.”
She wipes a tear from my cheek. Glances through the snow to distant Richmond.
“What’ll we do now? Everything is gone,” she says.
The snow falls softly on the ruins of Richmond, landing on the shoulders of the grieving who wander beyond tears, on the soldiers sleeping in broken homes, on the bodies of the dead and the dying.
I shake my head, run my hands through her hair. “Everything is right here.”
