

ALL MY LIFE
By
Rucy Ban

*****
SMASHWORDS EDITION

PUBLISHED BY:
Rucy Ban on Smashwords

ALL MY LIFE
Copyright © 2013 by Rucy Ban
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously. No part of this book may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, distributed, stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, without express permission of the author, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages for review purposes. Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

*****

Thank you dear readers for making this possible.
The time you'll spend reading this book is precious to me.
More than you'll ever know.

*****
Contents


Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Epilogue


Prologue

I stare at the .22 pointed at my junk and my only regret is not having had the yolks with my egg whites that morning. But who considers being zapped as an eventuality when charting out a diet plan?
The heavens outside give an angry roar and my sternum vibrates right along with it. I look out through my bedroom window as lightning fractures through the sky, blinding me with its silver streak of light. And then. Everything around me goes really quiet.
It’s unbelievable how quiet it is. So quiet I can hear the clock ticking all the way downstairs. I can feel the palpable silence of the stoic walls, almost taste the static trapped within. And it’s like everything is waiting.
I watch the moonlight misting around the dark silhouette looming over me and a horrible dread starts simmering in me. Tiny rivulets of sweat trickle down my heated skin and my heart thumps in my ears.
Always look the opponent in his face, my father had told me. That geriatric jerk and his useless crap advice.
The sharp click of the revolver echoes in the silence, snapping me back to the present. Death at the wiry hands of a girl? Who would’ve thought? My old man would have laughed.
The shot rings like a thousand screams inside my skull and the last thing I see is the smile playing on her pretty face.

Chapter One

My day starts like they often do now. I wake up early, pack my bag, eat my cereal, wear my trusty Blundstones and leave a note reminding my Mom it’s her turn to scrounge up dinner tonight.
With the opening riff of a Prince song playing in my ear, I step off the curb and cross the road. That’s when I notice a new signage on the two-story building just opposite our house. Six months ago, an art gallery had shut shop there. But today as I look up at the new signage my mouth falls open. I stand there for a moment staring at it, not believing my eyes. On a black metal plate, in cursive red are inscribed the words - The Prick. I look around wondering if this is one of those candid camera things when I notice a woman inside the shop. Middle-aged, halter-necked, blood red lips, pierced-eyebrow and eyes staring straight…at me.
Not wishing to tread from harmless gawker territory into the psychotic stalker zone, I manage to give her an awkward nod before hurrying on my way.
The massive maple trees lining the streets are bursting with hues and for a change walking towards the subway doesn’t make me feel like a total crapshoot. September has always been the month when things changed. From fierce green to tinged mustard, from willowy linen to soft yarn, from a dreamy early morning stroll to being slammed and pushed smack onto the sidewalk!
“Whattt-daa…!” A male voice shouts. I lie there listening to my assailant belting away a string of curses and I frown. Why is he  cursing?!  He's not the one sprawled up with his ass in the air!
My cheek resting a bit too comfortably on the grimy sidewalk, I wonder about his next move. Will he shove his knee into my back and scramble through my pockets? Will he kick me in the stomach and dig a muzzle into my skull?
I’m still thinking of all the CSI-fueled scenarios when I realize that instead of being mugged, I’m actually being cradled!  With one hand under my knees and the other under my shoulders, my lame-ass assailant places me gently on the sidewalk. It’s only when he crouches in front of me that I get a good look at his face.
“Are you okay?” he asks.
I raise a hand over my eyes and try to focus on him. It’s Eddie! Eddie Jameson.
Who is definitely…not an assailant. In fact, he used to be a senior in my school. I know him. Heck, everyone I know knows him. He had graced our school alumnus session last month where he’d been animatedly introduced by our Principal as someone who’d achieved the impossible task of landing himself into an Ivy League.
An achievement that made him worthy of being waved like an organic, farm-fresh carrot in front of our Glee-obsessed minds. But by the end of that session even my hard-to-impress besties, Ian and Becky, had proclaimed him as Eddie, the Geek-God.
Six-foot frame covered with faded jeans, plaid shirt, a rugged square jaw and spectacled eyes topped with delectable bed head hair. Admittedly, they are not far off the mark.
“Hey, did I get you bad?”
I try to ignore all the connotations my brain immediately comes up with but then the inky black curls peeking from his collar catch my eye. I look away hastily only to be fascinated by how his jeans tighten over his thighs as he hunkers right in front of me. Christ!
I do the only thing I can to stop myself from behaving like a complete and total pervert. I squeeze my eyes shut.
“Er…yes. I mean no, really, I’m okay. Umm…what…happened?” Yes, talk like you’ve just learnt the beauty of the opposable thumb. Way to go, Kari.
I open my eyes and find him frowning down at me. “My bad. I think my Dad’s life-long wish just came true.”
“What?!”
“Yeah, he’s been telling me since I was seven that skateboarding is for wannabe aspiring felons...think I almost made it today.”
I shake my head and smile. “The operative word being ‘just’. You still have a long way to go because I am completely unscathed.”
“Damn. It’s not an easy task, is it…becoming a felon? Well, just you wait, Henry Higgins.” He mockingly pumps his fist in the air but then halts mid-way as he sees me scrunching up my face.
“You know? Eliza Doolittle...My Fair Lady...Henry Higgins?"
“Oh! I get the reference. What I don’t get is somebody actually still using it.”
He chuckles. “True. But retro movies are like crack to me. And you? What’s your damage?”
I think about it for a second. Not about what he’s asking but the fact that...here I am, sitting on the sidewalk having a real conversation with Eddie, the proclaimed Geek-God who is…still waiting for my answer!
“Oh! Books. Yep. Books of any kind. Fantasy, Classics, catalogues, quirky Facebook updates, shitty movie reviews, the ingredients list on packaged food…you know…any and all kinds of…put-together words.”
Christ! Was I just possessed by the God of the uncool?
Eddie grins and extends his hand. “Well, hello book-lover. I’m Eddie.”
I ignore the tingles his touch sends up my arm and try to keep a straight face as I reply, “I know. I used to be a junior in Central High…I mean I still go there but I'm sixteen so I’m not a junior anymore...I mean, not since last month. I'm the youngest in my class so I...” Jeezus! I make myself stop and suck in a sharp breath through my nose. “I’m Kari.”
“Really?!" he says and then pauses for effect. "How did I miss you, Kari?” 
“I have a knack for evading wannabe felons,” I reply immediately with as much sass as I can muster, which is extremely difficult considering he still hasn’t let go of my hand. A few more seconds of this and my face will be as red as his sneakers.
Eddie's voice interrupts my capricious contemplations. “So do you live around here?”
“Yeah, right across the road...you live close by?” I ask.
“No.”
I wait for him to elaborate but he doesn’t. Instead he finally decides to let go of my hand. Humph.
“Shall we head out?” he asks. I jump up on my feet, suddenly remembering my purpose in life. School, studies and a History class I just couldn't afford to miss!
As we start walking towards the subway, I try my best to make a non-stalkerish attempt at small-talk. “So where are you headed?” See? Completely non-stalkerish.
“School. Gotta collect my certificates,” he tells me.
When we reach the subway, it's just in time to see my usual scheduled train go whooshing past us. My luck being what it is, the next train also arrives ten minutes late and I finally end up missing my precious History class. But since this also meant more time with Eddie, I wasn't complaining all that much.
After Eddie collects his certificates, we walk over to a coffee joint just off the campus. Then over the next two hours, I tell him about my parents, their less-than-amicable separation, my mother’s nine to seven slog at an indie news house and my favorite book, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn. He tells me about Maroon 5 and how the inflections of their synthesizer seemed to be inspired from The Police. Interesting that.
Before parting we exchange numbers and also agree on meeting the very next day after my school.
All through the rest of the day my mind is tripping on what it will be like. Of course, I’ve been on dates before with my first boyfriend. But they were the kind where he would come over to my place, we’d do homework, watch a movie, have popcorn and then try to make out on the couch. I’d be uneasy the whole time, either because of the constant fear of my Mom walking in or because of the whole ‘somebody else’s saliva in my mouth’ thing. And one time (I kid you not!) even a soggy piece of popcorn. Yuck!
Thing is I’ve never really enjoyed kissing a guy before. With the guys in my school it was all about sucking, grabbing and tweaking my recently developed assets. And all through these sundry activities, my mind would be on a checklist rampage. Hadn’t he just scratched his ass with those hands? The same hands that were now under my shirt? Also, was that drool or just plain ol’ saliva that he was sharing so generously with me? Because there had to be a level beyond which this turned unsanitary? And exactly how long did I have to put up with this? I had a term paper to finish, projects to deliver, a room to clean. A million things happening in my brain and zero in any part beyond.
I had never admitted all of this to anyone. High school can be cruelly damaging. Especially, to girls who don’t like kissing boys.
But now? I’m starting to think it may not be so horrible with a guy like Eddie. Just figuratively speaking, of course. Not that I’m going to kiss him. Not that he might possibly kiss me. Jesus! What am I turning into?! 
The next day Eddie meets me in front of my school and we spend time in the coffee shop again, talking for long about oh-so-important yet completely inconsequential things. Favorite songs, books, movies, places. Then Eddie tells me he lives with his Dad and that his Mom passed away when he was just six-years-old. I edge my hand towards his, he clasps it in a firm grip and we share, what is called in chick-lit movie parlance, a moment.
From that day on, we meet every day after my school. He tells me he has a temporary break from his course and that he’ll be going back in a month. To be honest it doesn’t bother me. I mean in this day and age? Twice-a-day Facebook sharing, minute-to-minute Twitter updates, Pinterest albums for voyeuristic peeks, Tumblr for a detailed low-down on mood swings. Quite possibly, I might be in better contact with him interstate than with him living next door in NY.
Two weeks later, I tell Mom about Eddie.
As per our pact, I tell Mom everything. Specially, since she has always returned the favor. She’s been open to me about so many things that other parents normally shy away from. Mama, can I go to the North Pole to meet Santa Claus? He’s shifted, sweetheart. We can visit him in the mall. Where do kids come from? From a place close to my wee-wee. Mama, what happens on the wedding night? Kissy-kissy-bang-bang.
Never the tame for my Mom. Not. Ever.
But I haven't always been so thick with my Mom. It started only after that day. That burning June afternoon when my Dad announced he was leaving her. For someone else. A girl just ten years older than me. Me! Who’d just grown out of using ‘epic’ in each and every sentence that came out of my mouth. Me. Who’d snagged my first boyfriend scarcely six months back. Me. Who’d just embarked on an overbearing long-term relationship with the rag. Fine! Let’s not even talk about me. It had taken a whole two months for our neighbors to get over it. To think that in spite of all that church-attending, Swiffer-cleaning and coaster-using, our family had still set itself up for such a cliché! We were a complete snapping fail of the golden family rule-book.
I remember how after my parents' separation, some of our neighbors had started avoiding us, terrified at the thought of their spouses catching on the infidelity virus. Others had glossed over the entire episode and treated us with the special enthusiasm they usually reserved for the mentally deficient. And my boyfriend? The noob had dumped me.
Mom and I? We'd decided to pack our bags and move to New York.
Now as I'd expected, when I spill my guts in front of her, Mom insists on meeting Eddie.
I go through the whole ‘meet my folks’ coquetry that evening and Eddie is so motivated by my efforts that he turns up the next day, not just for a meeting but a boisterous Sunday brunch of pancakes, fresh cream and homemade blueberry sauce.
Mom greets him perfunctorily at first but one look at his slick hair, pinstriped shirt, ironed jeans and I have an A-Okay from her. In spite of all the attitude she throws around, Mom is a complete pushover when it comes to well-dressed boys who address her as Ma’am.
Who knows that could be one of the reasons why she caves in when Eddie asks her permission for taking me out that evening? Or maybe she could foresee death due to boredom as a potential cause of my early demise?
But the one thing I'm really sure of is that later, when Eddie clasps my hand and kisses me in the dark movie hall? There is nothing even microscopically gross about it. Hormones raging, skin burning, lips flaming, the only thing that stops us from exchanging more of our body fluids are the stern looks being thrown our way by the old couple sitting in front.
It’s only when the old lady actually looks back and clucks at me with disapproval, that I pull away from Eddie and we grudgingly leave the hall. Much heavy necking and petting later, he drops me back but not before telling me he needed  to see me…soon. His house? Tomorrow?
The next morning in school is pure torture. Both Ian and Becky are away on a day trip, one which I hadn’t enrolled into, so I have no one to share my plans with. I wonder what I’ll be telling them tomorrow. After I’ve been…what? Deflowered? Scuzzed? Popped? What the heck should I call it? And how the hell will it feel any good with such horrible names attributed to it? Is it even the right time? Is he the one? The Neo to my Trinity?
But then. It’s Eddie! Everybody in school is ga-ga over him. Even Mom likes him! I can just imagine the envious looks on my friends faces when I tell them I’m seeing him. Then a fresh fear grips me. Oh my God! Am I being too easy? I am!  I so am. Maybe I should like…preserve myself. I imagine myself as a giant pickle jar with the label – ‘To be popped open only post nuptials’ or ‘If the lid doesn’t pop, don’t eat it’. Maybe even a warning 'In case opened, consume within five days or tiny beings might germinate'.
For the next half an hour, Mom’s decree about how boys don’t respect fast girls, starts playing in a warbled loop inside my brain. But then I remember something.
Eddie’s face as he’d kissed me the day before. So passionate, so much fervor. He’d said he needed me. And what if I refuse today? He’ll be so disappointed! What if he doesn’t want to see me again?! Oh God!! Stop obsessing, or you’ll die a withering wrinkled virgin!
All through lunch, high definition images of cobwebs flourishing between my legs keep flashing before my eyes, making sure I’m not able to touch a single morsel of the delicious couscous that’s on offer today. Counting the rest of the hours in the afternoon classes, imagining all the possibilities and the ways I can screw it all up, I just about manage to land at the front gate of my school. At least, he’s not there yet. I get to procrastinate for a few more minutes. I spend that precious time analyzing my outfit. Maybe I should have worn a plain shirt and jeans combo? A snug sweater and an A-line skirt? I catch my reflection in a passing car. Me dressed in my infallible attire of choice. Black dress, over-the-knee boots and a blotchy red face. God!  I look up and see Eddie walking towards me. The surety of his gait doing nothing to ease the pandemonium in my heart. But then he does this thing. He gives me this innard-melting, honey-soaked smile and just like that, all my doubts melt away.
I discover Eddie lives in a completely different neighborhood just over two blocks away from my school. It’s a two bedroom apartment on a crowded street. A small but well-organized apartment. Eddie tells me his father is out and we have the apartment all to ourselves. How opportune? I think in my mind. Did he plan it this way? I enter his room and the knots twisting in my tummy intensify. For all of five seconds. Because as I turn around, I see Eddie shutting the door. And when he walks towards me with a slow sure smile on his lips, I swear I can actually feel my heart sprinting away from my body.
I have no illusions about what we are about to do. There had been enough of an indication the day before. Still it is my first time and I’ve heard stories about how they go.
It takes ten minutes and thirty seven seconds.
Just ten minutes and thirty seven seconds to turn my life upside down. It’s painful. It’s messy. He’s not rough but then he’s not gentle. What he is…is a completely different person. A week’s no-contact later, I also discover that he recorded the whole thing.
It’s been a year now and my life has become my very own personal hell.

Chapter Two

I’ve decided on my majors, worked on building my resume, evaded all the extra-curricular activities and continue to slog through the maze of assignments thrown my way. Still. Every morning it’s the same. I clench my sheets and cover my face like I used to when I was younger. A human ostrich. A used, abused and blackmailed human ostrich.
After it happened, every day as I entered school I would think this is it. Today is the day. My secret is out. Every glance would become a rebuke, every laugh a ridicule. After months of dodging my friends, I’d finally succeeded in becoming an unknown entity. And now? A year later in college? I’m completely invisible.
I put junk on my face to make myself look alive, eat food to keep my body running, study hard and keep my head down. But then I wake up and I remember. Everything. Every single detail, every single touch, seared on my mind. I saw the video when he’d e-mailed it to me, just a week after that fateful day. I just saw it once. Enough for a hundred lifetimes.
First Fridays of every month are the worst. That’s the day he waits for me outside my college. That's the day I have to walk towards him. Ten yards of gravel under my feet, a million shards of glass coursing through my veins and a big ball of disgust threatening to lodge itself out of my throat. Maybe I should let it out. Maybe it’ll hit him right on his forehead and knock him down dead. But then nothing ever happens. My hatred is impotent. All I can do is look impassive and hand over all my pocket money to him.
Two days ago, he doubled the amount. Says he’s running short on his tuition fees. The irony is not lost on me.
I'd contemplated going to my Mom. Honestly, I did try telling her once. But I just couldn’t get myself to do it.
Dog-tired, embittered, divorced, single mother. The labels that have been stuck on her are just too overwhelming for me to ignore.
Then I'd thought of telling Ian and Becky. But the thoughts of sorry glances and awkward silences set me off that path as well.
So I did the only thing I could've done at that time. I googled the hell out of it. I searched for days, weeks. Sat up through nights. I searched and searched and came up with…nothing. Of course, there were a slew of celebrity dramas listed everywhere on the topic. But my family is no Kardashian. The only thing a sex video will get us is misery.
After some more digging, I stumbled upon harrowing accounts of people whose ex-partners had released their sex videos under pseudonyms. Put it all behind you. That was the advice posted on a victim’s blog. But the problem is. For me it's not over yet. Eddie is still very much there in my life, dangling his sword just an inch above my head.
Going to the Police is also out of the question. I checked their website, even the address of the nearest precinct. Blackmail isn't even listed as a category on their site. Then I remembered reading something in the newspapers, a while ago. A girl from a local high-school who had reported a date rape. The Police couldn’t find any evidence against the guy. Branded a slut, hounded by his cronies, the girl eventually had to move to another city.
No. The Police are a complete no-go. Even if it was not my fault, even if it was recorded without consent, if I tell, everyone will blame me. Flirting. Dating. Consensual sex. The rebukes will be endless. And the worst? Everyone will want to watch the video. Every pore, every naked ounce of my flesh accessible to voyeuristic eyes? I’d rather die.
My only hope is that it will go away. Just one more year. Every Friday, as I hand over the cash that’s what Eddie promises me. Just one more year and he’ll delete the file. The file plus all the back-ups. A word he keeps dropping in every sentence. A word that has become my nightmare. Back-ups. How many servers have it? How many accounts? Just one click and it can go viral, destroying my life forever. A sex video! How did I get myself into this?! And what in God’s name will I do about the added amount he wants?!
I tried asking Mom but all that did was complicate things. She flatly refused and followed it by an hour-long interrogation session. Can’t blame her. I’m in college now and I should have stopped taking pocket-money a long time back. And to actually ask for more is not just shameful, it’s downright humiliating. My life has become an ever-increasing pile of rotting, festering denials. Just one more year.  Just 12 months, 365 days and 8760 hours.
That day as I cross the road, a poster stuck on the window display of the new shop catches my eye. The last year has seen a complete overhaul of the shop named 'The Prick' and the apartment right above it. Every day as I walked past, I used to hear the ripping and hammering echoing from indoors.
Now the poster advertised, ‘Wanted - Fresh blood $9/hour.’ I stop right in my tracks and stare at it, wondering if it is a genuine job advert or a wacky blood donation drive of some sort. The door jiggles open and I step back in surprise. The woman whom I’d seen earlier, more than a year ago, is now standing there, looking at me. Judging by her face, I guess early forties but going by the fitted shirt and the classy cotton flares, I could be way off.
“You interested, honey?” she asks in a thick Southern accent.
“Err…is this for a job?” I ask and she smiles.
“Got no vampires in here, sweetheart. If you wanna know about the job, you can come in.” She holds the door open and I don’t know whether to run away or take her up on the offer. What I do know is that I really need that extra cash and $9/hour seems too good of a promise to pass up. I enter the shop.
The door shuts behind me with finality and I try not to freak out. I have never been claustrophobic. Not even afraid of the dark. But then the last year happened and it turned me into a different person.
I notice another girl sitting behind the shop's counter. Asian. Around my age. Her presence gives me a little strength. At least enough courage to walk in and look around the shop.
The shop's decor is chic and minimalist. Burnt red bricks for walls and a large tan couch placed right next to the wood-topped counter. I walk across the polished concrete floor to a mounted rack filled with design sheets. Beside it two hydraulic leather bed tables stand spotlighted in the center. A tattoo shop! Though it definitely looks more suited for customers owning Ducatis rather than Harleys.
The Asian girl gets off her stool and walks towards me. “Hey! ’Sup?” she says, smiling warmly.
Betty Crocker hair, kohl-lined eyes and a polka-dotted summer dress covering her tiny frame, this girl seems to be a study in contrasts. I like her already.
I give her a chin raise and her smile stretches into a grin.
“Ink or metal?” she asks abruptly.
“Sorry?!”
The older woman calls out from behind. “Nalini dear, she’s here for the job.”
Nalini gives me a once-over, shrugs and then goes back to the counter. The woman hops on top of one of the bed tables and waves me towards the other. I spring onto it as well and suddenly, it feels like I’ve snapped back in time. Idle swinging legs, toothy smiles, sticky syrupy lips, grubby fingers and endless, unceasing chatter. The woman's voice cuts through my summer haze.
“Do you have any experience in this?” I look at her face. It looks impassive and cold. But the aloofness doesn’t touch her eyes. They have a sparkle of kindness in them. Or so I think. I don’t know squat. I can no longer trust my own judgement. She might be a serial killer for all I know.
I shake my head in the negative.
“Any experience at all?”
I shake my head again and look at the girl. Head down, she is flipping through a magazine but I know she’s completely tuned-in to the conversation. I shift my eyes back to the woman. Her brow is furrowed with concern.
“You go to school?”
“College. Freshman.”
"How old?"
"Seventeen."
"Isn't that too young for college?"
"I'm the youngest in my class."
“How much did you get in your last Arts class?”
“A.”
She cocks her head in response. “Wanna learn how to tattoo?”
I finally allow myself a smile.
Weekdays, 5 to 8 in the evenings and weekends, 10 to 3 in the mornings. After handing over a portion to Eddie I’ll still have some money to spare. Who knows? Maybe God has finally decided to throw some luck my way.

Chapter Three

Day one at work and my first lesson is a detailed lowdown on needles and machines. Lining needles, shading needles, coil machine, pneumatic machine, bat barrel, sanitary tube, hook tavern and then the inks. Back-light, glow in the dark, natural or just plain…ink.
By the second week, I can easily distinguish between the various needles and even load up the machine. From then on starts the extensive practicing on oranges and observing Agnas at work. Agnas. That’s the woman with the vampire hangover. Apparently, she doesn’t just work here. The frizzy-haired, 40-year-old also makes up for my surprisingly sweet-natured employer.
Agnas lives in the apartment right above the shop and while she takes care of the tattooing, Nalini does the piercing. What I do is study their work and watch them as they interact with the customers, the way they dig out their stories and ease their worries. From what I've gathered so far, most of the people walk in looking to satisfy a whim but then there are some for whom it goes much deeper. A memory, a life-changer or maybe just as an inspiration. As sociophobic as I’ve become, discovering these people's stories is one of the the best parts of my job.
The other is having found two people I can talk to, without any danger of pre-conceived notions or judgement. While Agnas is kind and patient, Nalini’s personality is as quirky as her clothes. She’s introduced me to the coolest songs, the weirdest YouTube videos and the funniest person in the whole world. Her boyfriend Josiah. A Swedish import. Josiah eats like a beefcake, looks like Tom Hanks from when he was stuck on that island and dresses like he’s vacationing on one. He’s also the lead singer of an indie band, gainfully employed by a dance club in our neighborhood.
Nalini and Josiah have tried to take me along on the band’s weekend performances but I’ve desisted so far. I don’t want to push Mom over the edge. As it is, she hasn’t really taken to my new found interest in body art. I remember the look on her face when I had told her about my job at the tattoo parlor.
In no certain words, she had told me she didn’t approve of me shifting focus from my class work. In certain other words, she had prophesied that spoiling the body the good Lord gave us was an act so heinous, there might even be a law against it. And finally, she had used her scarier lower decibel to pronounce that she didn’t approve of me ever…EVER getting a tattoo on any portion of my skin.
I'd wanted to tell her she didn’t have to worry about that last bit. My pain threshold is embarrassingly low and she being my mother, should have known that. But then she doesn’t really know anything about me anymore, does she? Sometimes I think she doesn’t even want to. Like she can’t wait for me to start working and get out of her hair.
Truth be told, I can’t wait for it either even though my reasons are completely different. One more year and then freedom. Free of Eddie and his suffocating reminders in my life. Free of this ugliness that has sprouted between Mom and me, the constant questions, the shaking of her head at my monosyllabic answers, the constant fear, the gut-wrenching shame, the guilt and worthlessness. One year. Just one more year and I’ll be finally fucking FREE.
One Saturday morning, I happen to witness something as I’m working in the shop. Something that makes me realize what a big gaping hole my life really is.
It’s nothing drastic. Just a simple everyday thing. A guy kissing a girl.
Now I've been an unwilling witness to many couples getting all hot and heavy right in the middle of a busy subway. But there's none of that cheesiness happening here with this kiss. And for a few seconds, I just stand there rooted behind the counter, just like a neighborhood busybody spying from the window display. Shocked, unnerved yet completely unable to look away.
He has her up against the wall right across the street, with her leg hooked on his hip, his broad sculpted shoulders covering her almost completely and his thick arms positioned on her either side.
My eyes trail down to the blue stilettos digging into his faded jeans and then up, to the red nails clutching a fistful of his white shirt and just like that, a beat I’d long forgotten starts thrumming again. That portion of my heart which held something precious? Which I’d long thought dead? It starts beating again.
I don’t even realize I’m holding my breath until I see his long fingers clench into tight fists as he restrains himself and pulls away.
I don't know why but it feels like I’m the one being released. I suck in a deep shuddering breath. Holy! Wow! To be kissed like that. Oh, to be loved like that.
A heavy sadness engulfs me. This is it, isn’t it? This is what I’ve been waiting for. Like those woeful girls who fall apart when their high school romance fails them. Like them. I’ve been waiting. For someone to come along and rescue me from my life. How pathetically Victorian of me. Feminism probably just rolled in its grave and woke up with a wracking cough.
“Pathetic,” I mumble to myself.
“Yowza! Whatcha sayin’? Not pathetic in the least. I’m kinda hoping he'll do me next,” Nalini says with a wistful expression on her face. My eyes widen in shock and she lifts her hands up in surrender. “Oh! Okay! I have a freaking boyfriend but I’m sure if Josiah met him he wouldn’t blame me for cheating. Maybe he’d even beat me to it.”
The image she paints in my mind is so goofy it makes me throw my head back and laugh.
Nalini places her hands on her hips and stares me down which only makes me laugh harder. I haven’t laughed like this in quite a while. It feels good to let out all the pent-up hysteria.
As I wipe my tears, Nalini pouts and turns back to the counter. I straighten up as well and start to get on with my work but then I catch someone looking at me. It’s the same hunky stranger! The one with the mad kissing skills! He’s still standing across the street but now he's all alone, the girl is nowhere to be seen.
I stand there watching him rub his chin while staring intently at me. I want to look away, I really do but I'm unable to move, unable to breathe, unable to tear my eyes away from his. Like blazing summer oceans they hypnotize me with their intensity. Even from across all that distance I can feel the prick of his irises, the sear of his gaze. Jesus. What is wrong with me?  I have to look away. I need to…
“Wanna get a cuppa?” Nalini’s voice breaks through my trance and I drag in a lungful of air. I quickly turn my back to the window but my knees feel so weak that I have to grip the counter for support. Would I ever learn? Guys like him? They were the worst kind. All looks and no heart. Guys not like him? They were all deceiving, freaking asshats.
“Yes, I’d love to!” Nalini mimics my voice, obviously irked by the lack of any response. But as soon as I give her a small smile, she relents. Hooking her arm through mine, she tags me along to the little kitchenette at the back of the shop.
One great thing about Agnas? She loves her coffee. That's why she’s invested in this huge espresso machine that makes earth-shatteringly divine coffee.
Colombian coffee and Pop-Tarts. That’s what I thrive on these days. It’s a good way to go.
Just as I finish brimming my cup and Nalini starts filling hers, we hear the front door ding announcing the arrival of a customer. I walk out with the cup of coffee near my mouth and find a guy standing there, his eyes fixed on the leather bed tables. And…it’s the same hot guy! Without thinking I take a big gulp of my coffee and it goes burning down my throat.
“AAggggh!” The cup of coffee slips from my hands and I clutch my neck in horror because my throat suddenly feels like it’s on fire. “Ohhhh!!! Gawd!!! Oh!! Aaggggh!” My knees give way and just as I crumple to the floor, I see mad kisser rushing towards me.
“Hey! Water! We need water!” the mad kisser hollers and picks me up with his hands under my shoulders. Legs dangling like a rag doll, he carries me across to the nearest bed table and places me there. My body is too singed to feel conscious about his palms being in such close contact to my assets. My mind obviously, is still working. Overtime.
Nalini rushes out with a sloshing glass of water and I gulp it down in one shot.
“I’m shorry. I’m sho sho shorry,” I mumble. As the burning subsides, the awareness of his hands and their position on my body increases. I think he realizes it then as well, because he immediately snaps them off as if he just got burnt. Agggh! Now with that distraction gone, every bump, every pore of my tongue starts screaming for attention.
“Better?” the mad kisser asks, his head bent down to my level. His eyes two pools of tempting concern. Dear God. Please give me strength. I can’t fall for one of them again. Have I no sense of self-preservation?! I straighten my spine and stare straight into his eyes. Concern, my bum. First he saunters in looking all Adonis-like, making me scald my tongue and then looks at me like he’s not the one to blame? Asshat.
“Yeah. Khomphletely okhay.”
“Whatever happened?” Nalini asks, as she takes the empty glass from my hands.
“Uh…umm…I thinfp I din’th realize how hoth the coffee waz.”
Nalini arches an eyebrow. “Hot, huh? You sure you’re talking about the coffee?” Cheeks flaming, I give her the full force of my death stare.
The guy bobs his head between us, completely clueless of the dirty insinuations flying over his head. Then he turns to me. “You sure you’re okay?” His voice is deep, crisp, with an early morning raspiness to it that inflicts a serious bout of shakes and quakes in my tummy. Ugh. What does he have for breakfast? Gravel?
“Yeah, zzure. Vfanks,” I croak out and hop down from the bed table. That’s when I notice the mess I’ve made on the floor. Shards of glass and coffee puddled all over the place. I head towards the kitchenette to get the mop and just as I step inside, I hear Nalini asking him her favorite question. “Ink or metal?” The uncharacteristically sweet lilt in her voice makes me grin.
“Neither. Is Agnas around?”
My curiosity perks up. How does he know Agnas?
“Nope. She’ll be back at noon. Can I help you?” The strange sugary voice she's using on him is so unlike her that I start wondering whether I should call Josiah for some back-up.
“Yeah, I need the keys to upstairs.”
I decide not to eavesdrop from the kitchenette anymore. The mad kisser didn’t seem to be leaving any time soon.
Wiper, dust pan and mop in hand, I head over to the carnage that had been my morning cup of coffee and proceed to clean it all up.
“I know you’re famous but why do you think I’ll trust you with Agnas’s keys?” From the corner of my eye, I see Nalini planting her hands on her hips. Uh-oh. Sarcasm and postulation. Not good.
“I’m her son.” Nalini’s mouth falls open and I’m sure my jaw is touching the floor as well. But at least when he shifts his eyes in my direction, I manage to close my mouth and snap my head back. Nalini, however, is a lot less restrained in her emotions. “Shut-up! You’re shittin’ me!!”
He grants her a smile. “Nope, I’m pretty sure.”
Nalini scratches her forehead. “But you see…I don’t have the keys on me. So what I can do is call Agnas and...tell her to rush back….yusss!” She takes out her cell phone and punches a button. “I wonder why she’s never mentioned you before? Has she said anything to you?”
The mad kisser shifts his eyes to me.
“Uh…not really. No,” I stutter.
In spite of my damning answer, mad kisser gives me a tortuously slow smile. Strong jaw, broken disproportionate nose, rich olive skin and dark chocolate for eyes, his smile is full of alluring, irresistible promises. Hundred per cent asshat material, my brain screams.
“No luck. Her voice-mail’s on.” Nalini shrugs and shoves the phone back in her pocket.
“So then...what do we do?” mad kisser asks, shrugging the wedges that make up for his shoulders. I study him through the corner of my eyes as he folds his arms across his chest. My eyes rest on the way his sleeves tighten over the flexing muscles underneath. Ah! He’s one of those. Guys who want their stomachs to look like a stack of bread rolls. No judgement. But just why?
I wonder what he must think of me? Faded jeans, loose sweatshirt, pale complexion, limp blonde hair and a whole lot of boring.
Well, not exactly aiming to be the Aphrodite to his Adonis, am I? Humph.
“Maybe you can sit on the couch and wait,” I spurt out in my meanest voice, just short of being bitchy. I have to maintain that much leeway. What if he really turns out to be my boss’s son?
“Uh-uh. That’s what. Get cozy on the couch, have some coffee and wait for Agnas,” Nalini tells him, while throwing me a WTF look. Well, I don’t know what just got into me either.
The mad kisser plonks himself on the sofa and I turn to my scrubbing, trying to divert myself by thinking about the long list of incomplete submissions that are hurdling my path to the perfect grade. Saturday and Sunday evenings are the only free time I get now and I have to make full use of that. I’m busy making a mental list of all my pending projects when a hand lands on my shoulder and makes me jump a few feet high.
“Hey! Easy!”
I swing around to find the mad kisser standing right behind me with a grin stretched wide on his face. Close-up and clear-headed his gorgeousness is even more impossible to ignore. Wow…just wow. Now, how unfair is this? As if his rock star looks were not enough! No, he’s also got this uber-hot hair. It's glossy black and reaches his shoulders in an unkempt scruffy mess. I control the sudden urge to run my fingers through it. Then I make a mental note of two things.
One, he’s obviously the kind of guy who can make any girl lose her inhibitions.
Second, I am not going to be that girl.
No, I am not.
Definitely.  
“I just wanted to help,” he says taking the wiper from my stiff, unrelenting hands. Much too close. He’s too close…and he smells of sultry summer nights. Woodsy, sharp and lemony fresh.
My mind jolts back to reality as he starts scrubbing over the last few puddles of coffee.
“Oh! You don’t need to!” I exclaim and run after him as he carries off all the cleaning equipment back into the kitchenette. I find him standing there looking uncertainly at the row of cabinets.
“Where’s the can?”
I open the cabinet below the sink and watch him as he empties the dust pan. I watch the way his arms flex as he lifts the wiper, the way he flicks his hair away from his face, the way his God-like persona is so completely ill-fitted for such a mundane normal activity. Jesus! What’s wrong with me? I don’t even know this guy for Christ’s sake! And here I am, setting myself up for disappointment all over again. No. No more of this. I have to focus on paying off Eddie and getting through college. That’s it. I don’t need these stupid distractions and these temperamental wayward thoughts. Especially, not over someone who’d been all over another girl not ten minutes ago!
“You want a cup of coffee?” I offer, wanting to pay him back for his help.
He grins. “No thanks. I haven’t inherited Agnas’s addiction for it.”
Well, if he knows that then he’s definitely close to her. Though I can’t ever imagine calling my Mom by her name. It would be a sure-fire way of inducing one of her freak-out episodes. Right then the door dings again and I throw a polite smile at the mad kisser before going out to check.
It’s not Agnas. Just a regular. Over the last month he’s had his bicep tattooed, ears stretched, even his nose and eyebrows pierced. Whatever he is in for today, I really don’t want to know. To be honest, I try to stay away from all the piercing action. It completely freaks me out. The grunts, the squawking, the ‘breathe in and let it out’ chants, the clients with skin outgrowths, scar tissue. Yikes! I can’t imagine why someone would do that to their body. Of course, working where I do, I keep all these patronizing thoughts to myself.
The weird guy starts looking over the jewelry portfolio that Nalini has handed over to him.
“Sadist, you think?” The mad kisser comes to stand beside me and even though I kinda agree with him, I bite back, “It's art, you know?”
He smirks. “Is that so?”
Boss’s son. Boss’s son. I chant in my mind and succeed in giving him just a wan smile in response.
It’s strange but as the piercing-obsessed guy comes over to the bed-table, he happens to glance in our direction and does a complete double take. Feeling conscious, I discreetly check whether my bra straps are showing or if I’ve accidentally left my fly open or grown a third arm. Nope. None of the above. Then what’s the deal with the dude? At least he’s not looking anymore. His attention got diverted as soon as Nalini got him another folder stacked with the piercing snap shots. Right. Time to earn a living and pay off my blackmail dues.
Ignoring the weird guy and the mad kisser, I walk over to the other bed table, load the machine and start practicing.
This time I choose a design I really like. A wispy feather with ‘One day, I’ll fly away’ scrolled across. It looks simple but it’s a tough one to see through. The rib of the feather, its each and every strand, requires not just skill but a truckload of patience. This will be my fourth attempt. I put on my earplugs and tune out the world.
I stumbled across this band one Sunday evening while spending an inordinate amount of time on the internet. Now, they’ve sort of become my catharsis. The song starts playing and its words fill my mind.
Stack my dreams away for some time,
I’m so lost in time.   
My body is trapped in a bind,
So lost in time.
Why did they take away what’s mine?
I’m just so lost in time.
An hour down, I put the last finishing touches to the design and once I'm satisfied, I unplug the machine.
I remove the earplugs, straighten my back, stretch my neck and look around. Nalini’s long done with the weird guy. Half an hour back I’d watched him leave, gingerly feeling the two extra rings pierced in his eyebrows. Wow, a few more and he’d be up for the book of records. Then I remember the mad kisser. I turn my head towards the couch to check what he's up to. My breath hitches as my eyes land on him.
Hands folded behind his head, the mad kisser is staring straight at me. And just like before, his unflinching gaze makes me weak, trembly and electrified, everything all at once. His eyes seem to be baring my mind, unraveling my each and every thought and…I really need to say something! NOW...before my heart jackhammers out of my chest! Think quick! Say anything, Kari! Anything!! “Your…name?!”
He doesn’t answer me straight away and even though I manage to suck in a breath, I’m unable to break his hypnotic stare. At least not until he drags his hands down over his face and takes a deep breath himself. God Almighty. So this is what it’s like? Being so intensely attracted to someone? I try to remember if I'd felt the same way when I'd met Eddie.
I do remember feeling special when I’d gone out with him and my body feeling queasy, craving something more when he’d kissed me that first time. But then. That happened. And over the last year, I’ve had my blinkers on so tight no guy has been able to elicit this kind of a response from me. Till today. Till now. And this? What I’m feeling? It’s not just lust. It’s an awareness of him that goes much deeper. Like I’ve known he would be coming all my life or something. Ohmigod! I have completely lost my fucking mind! Get rid of this fuckall sappy attitude right now, Kari. Aim higher. Think yellow tracksuits, kick-ass swords, boxing gloves, tomb raiders, gun-toting alien punchers…
The mad kisser snaps me right out of my cinematic haze as he utters his name. “Neil Mars.”
“Neil...Mars?!”
“Uh-huh. Neil as in Armstrong and Mars as in Bruno.”
I stare at him for a few seconds and then shrug. I could blame him for having killer looks but he could not be faulted for this. He couldn't have chosen that name for himself. No wonder he tortures his Mom by calling her by her name.
I turn away from Neil Mars and watch Nalini as she taps her fingers expertly on the laptop. Then I wonder how long Agnas will take to come back because I can still feel Neil's eyes weighing on me and it’s unnerving being the object of such scrutiny. I have to fight this constant urge to itch my forehead or ear lobe or just…something. God! Why has my body suddenly started betraying my mind? Rein yourself in, Kari. Tap it down. Stomp on it with your sturdy Blundstones. Yellow tracksuits…
“What’s your name?” he asks.
I open my mouth but before I can say anything, Nalini replies absent-mindedly, “Nalini…and that there is Kari.”
“K-a-r-r-y.” My name rolls off his tongue in an exotic mispronounced lilt which I don’t have the intention of correcting. Ever.
Nalini finally catches up on all the undue attention I’m getting because after a few seconds of contemplative silence she starts goading him, “Isn’t it a beautiful name? And she’s acing her college too. Works here in the evenings on weekdays and full time on weekends. Girl is a head down slogger. No time for boys eh, Kari?”
I glare at Nalini and wonder if she’ll start recounting my kissing skills next or maybe ask me to provide him a floor show. I purse my lips and turn my back on the both of them.  Then I choose another design from the folder. A skull. I flash it pointedly at Nalini but she doesn’t take the hint. Instead, she changes her tactic. She starts badgering Neil for information.
“What did you do before...?” I hear her asking him.
“Studied Arts,” he quickly replies, cutting her off.
I hear Nalini suck in a breath. “Shut up! That’s been my dream since I ditched diapers!”
“Really? Actually, I always wanted to pursue dance,” he says in a regretful tone that makes me curious. So why didn’t you? I almost ask him but Nalini bounces off her stool and puts her hands up in the air. “Oh-my-gawd. You lie! This is a joke. Right?”
“Nope. Trufax.”For the next hour, they both chat about Nalini’s life-long wish to study arts and learn dance. I also learn that Neil’s ambition is to set up his dance studio back in Chicago because that’s where he’s from. And after some more blah blah and gush gush from Nalini, he starts talking about how Agnas (no Mom, Mum or even good ol' Mommy!) had called him a week back asking him to visit for a few days.
That’s exactly when the door dings and I lift my head to see Agnas walking in. Only she looks very unlike her usual self. Her hair is all undone and there are dark bags under her eyes. Very uncharacteristic of her normal pristine self. Then as soon as she notices Neil, she purses her lips and walks straight across the shop floor towards the stairs at the back.
I think Neil is as surprised with her behavior as we are, because for a moment he just sits on the couch staring at the stairwell door through which Agnas has just disappeared. It takes a few seconds for him to collect himself but when he does, he doesn't waste a moment in trailing after his mother.
“Well, that was weird,” Nalini mutters after he leaves.
I nod in agreement. “Yup.”
An hour later, Nalini leaves for lunch and I get to man the counter all by myself. Just when I've settled and started practicing another design, I hear a muffled voice shouting out my name. I look up in alarm. The voice seems to be coming from somewhere behind the stairwell door.
“Karriii!” it goes again. I rush to open the door but there's no one there. Then I hear shuffling sounds coming from the apartment upstairs. I race up the stairs and find the entrance door wide open. Without a second thought, I enter the apartment.
Once inside, I realize that Agnas’s living room decor exactly matches the shop’s. The same brick walls, leather couch, mounted racks but that’s right where the similarity ends. The racks here are not filled with abstracts but with warm memories. A ruddy cheeked, toothy boy fills up the frames of a day full of sand castles and bruised shins. Another frame captures a fistful of soaring balloons and a summer full of impossible dreams. His effervescence bursts through those frames, softening the harshness of the brick walls and the coldness of the leather.
“Kari, are you there?” Neil’s voice calls me from somewhere inside.
“Yeees!” I holler and head across to the corridor which leads to what are presumably, the bedrooms.
I walk into the first room on the right but my step falters as I take in the scene inside. Agnas is sprawled across her bed like a lifeless doll and Neil is standing right next to her, fanning desperately with a magazine in his hand. With rising alarm, my eyes register Agnas' clammy and ashen face. “What happened?!”
“Water, Kari. She needs a glass of water,” he says, without taking his eyes off her.
I rush to the kitchen and get him a glass of water. Neil  holds it out for Agnas and she takes a few sips before curling up on the bed. I stand there feeling uncertain, wondering if we should rather be rushing Agnas to a hospital but the expression on Neil's face stops me from saying anything. Forehead creased, lips pursed, he seems deeply troubled and angry.
“Go away,” Agnas says suddenly. Her voice sounds broken but her tone is adamant.
Neil tries to reason with her. “Agnas, just…”
She turns to look at us and then fixes a seething look at Neil. “I said...GO AWAY!”
She looks so different from her usual self that it almost seems like she’s possessed. My first instinct is to flee but I don’t want to look like a coward, so I start edging slowly towards the door. After a few seconds, Neil follows me out as well, carefully closing the door behind him. I get a glimpse of his face and the misery etched there twists a knife straight in my heart. I want to do something…anything to make that awful hollow look go away.
“Hey, don’t worry. Maybe it’s just a headache, you know?” I say as we head downstairs.
Neil doesn’t reply and I cringe at having said anything at all. Then as soon as we reach downstairs, he heads off to the coffee machine. Feeling dejected, I resume my seat at the counter. Just as I get started on my design again, a cappuccino appears in front of me. I look up in surprise and find Neil holding the cup out for me.
“Thank you for helping…up there,” he says with a small smile. My heart turns to mush.
“No biggie.” I take the cup  from his hands and his smile widens but it doesn’t touch his eyes. And somehow that bothers me. A lot.
I watch as he slouches against the counter with a faraway look in his eyes and my heart goes out to him.
“She’ll be okay. It could be a cold or…just as simple as a bad day,” I say softly.
He nods but the creases on his forehead don’t disappear. Then he says, “For a moment I thought she was having a stroke. That’s why I panicked and called out for help…” His voice drops, sounding forlorn. “I’ve never seen her like this before.”
The sorrow in his voice makes my nose sting and I have to fight the urge to touch him, pull him in for a hug, make the world a better place for him. Maybe I just feel this way because this somehow reminds me of my Dad and me. How we used to be before all the messiness. How after we’d had an argument, I’d wait in my room with my eyes squeezed tight, waiting for him to come and put his hand on my head. And how just with that one gesture, everything in the world would be okay again.
Fathers were hard to keep grudges against. I guess mothers were no good either.
I squeeze my eyes shut and shake my head. For Christ’s sake! I have enough problems of my own to start worrying about others. Sometimes life sucks. That’s just what it is. Nothing more. Nothing less. Move on, Kari.
I wipe my tears and take a deep breath. “Hey, you wanna go get something to eat?”
His spine straightens and he looks up at me in surprise. I’m beginning to regret my impulsive offer but then he smiles and nods his head. “Yeah. Let’s go.”
“We’ll have to wait…” The front door dings open and Nalini walks in. She pauses in surprise, seeing both of us standing there staring at her. But we have a reason for bugging our eyes out at her. Nalini’s hair is ruffled and her lipstick all smudged up. There’s no doubt as to what she’s been up to during her lunch break.
She looks warily at me and then at Neil. “What’s your damage peeps? Quit staring,” she says and walks off towards the coffee machine.
“I wonder what she’s been having.” Neil gives me a wide grin and then he…winks! Holy Mother of God! He winked at me! My whole body feels tingly and I fight the urge to shiver. Only then do I realize the meaning of what he’s just said and my cheeks flame up.
Neil bursts out laughing at my reaction and I momentarily forget all my embarrassment because watching him laugh is the best thing I’ve ever seen in my entire suckass life. It's almost like watching a trick birthday candle. A sparkle shoots up in his eyes and his cheeks heat up as he presses his broad hands down on his stomach. Just watching him laugh and I know. I'm in extreme danger of falling hard and fast for this boy. This boy whom I’ve met just moments ago. This boy whom I know absolutely nothing about! Stupid, stupid girl. When will you learn?
Minutes later, I put on my jacket and step out of the door, waiting for Neil to get his jacket from upstairs. There’s a chill in the wind so I pull on the hood of my Patagonia shell, trying hard to slow the frantic thudding of my heart.
But my palpitations only worsen as I walk down the street with Neil. Though for entirely different reasons. Because walking next to Neil in full public view is a painful exercise in humility.
Now in all fairness, a billowing hoodie can under no circumstances match the persona of a fitted leather jacket, butt-hugging jeans and shit-kickingly awesome black-boots. At least that’s what I keep telling myself as a deluge of appraising looks are thrown our way. It’s like wherever we go, a sea parts in front of us to make way. Ugh! Such a shallow petty crowd.
I decide to take our man Moses to a Mexican fast-food joint nearby. Yes. Exactly what my quivering stomach needs. A dash of extra spice.
We are just about to cross the street when I feel his fingers slipping into mine. What surprises me even more is that I don’t instinctively cringe at his touch. It actually feels like the most natural thing in the world. I suck in a sharp breath as a sudden realization hits me. The walls I have built around my heart are starting to crack. I don't know why but the thought terrifies me to my very core.
Neil steers me through the traffic of people crossing the road and when we hop onto the sidewalk, he lets go. I snub the sliver of disappointment I feel at that and try to focus on the food choices instead.
“I hope you like Mexican?” I ask.
“Yeah, the spicier the better.” I turn to look at his grinning face and almost choke on the smile that threatens to take over my face. He’s back to being the gorgeous hot guy from the morning and his cheer is so infectious that I feel strangely buoyed, even though the reality is...my life is as unchanged as ever.
So really.
What in the fuck’s name am I so happy about? Eddie will still be waiting for me this Friday. I’ll still have to hand over a hefty portion of my hard earned salary to him. Why couldn’t I have met someone like Neil before? Why did my first time have to be with someone so hateful? An unwelcome memory flashes through my mind and I wince.
Suddenly something brushes against my face and I startle. Neil. He’s wiping something off my cheek. I cringe with embarrassment as I realize a tear must have slipped out.
“What’s wrong, Kari?” Neil bends his head, trying to look at my face. The kindness in his voice is my undoing. I have to run away. Now.
“I have to go,” is all I’m able to say as I turn and sprint across the sidewalk. Half-way through, I realize if I go to the shop like this, I’ll have to explain my breakdown to Nalini. Wiping my tears on my sleeves, I walk down to a mall close-by and just wait out my lunch time sitting in one of the restroom stalls.
When I enter the shop half an hour later, Nalini is busy doing a nose-piercing on a new client and Neil is nowhere to be seen. Thank you, dear God. As the time drags, I wonder if he’s upstairs or maybe with his girlfriend or whether he’s gone back to Chicago and really, why am I spending time thinking about him at all? I’ve got lots of practicing to do, papers to submit, projects to finish and a dinner to make. My life is already stacked high, right up to my freakishly pale-skinned neck.
The customer finally leaves and Nalini goes to get coffee from the machine.
“You haven’t eaten this?!” she yells from inside.
“Eaten what?” My stomach starts rumbling at the mention of food. Not surprising, since I'd skipped lunch and had a small bowl of cornflakes for breakfast.
Nalini comes out balancing her cup of coffee in one hand and a brown bag in the other. She plonks the bag in front of me as she takes a sip of her coffee.
“What is it?” I ask and she arches an eyebrow.
“You don’t know?”
“Err…no?”
She takes another sip from her cup and then scrunches up her face in confusion. “You both left together for lunch and then Neil comes back alone, saying this was for you. What gives?”
“For me?” Suspicious, I open the bag and find a heavenly-smelling, neatly wrapped-up BLT inside. This guy. This guy. Just…wow. Who even did such a thing these days? Toe-curling, good-looking guys I am a pro at ignoring but caring and considerate? Jesus! I don’t stand a chance! My stomach quivers as a million fantasies are unleashed in my mind. I imagine dinners cooked from scratch, surprise gifts, roses on the bed. It’s like a Tuscan romance trailer flashing through my head.
“What is it? Why are you acting all nutto?” Nalini asks.
Not wanting to break the spell, I just shake my head. Nalini comes closer and peers into the bag herself. “Now listen to me, Kari,” she says, her expression suddenly serious. “You have to get your hooks in this guy.”
“What?!”
“No, I am not kidding. He got you a BLT and fries from Benito's?! They have like an hour’s waiting! You have to do the panty-melter,” she declares with her hands planted on her hips.
“Whaa?! What...did you just call him?!” I clutch my stomach to stave off the giggles while trying hard not to fall off the stool.
Nalini arches one eyebrow at me, “What?! Panty-melter? Just another name I thought appropriate for the vagina-bomber.”
“Christ! Stop it!” I say, wiping my tears. “One more X-rated name and my cheeks will need first-aid!”
“Oh, don’t be such a Mary Sue!”
“If you stop acting like Pippi Longstocking on crack.”
Nalini gives me a look that questions my sanity and then walks away, shaking her head.
I turn back to my sandwich and chomp off a big bite. It’s freakishly delicious! Either I’m starved or it’s just the best damn BLT ever!
“Oh my, oh my gawd. Ummm…Oh! It’s so gooood. Uhhhh.” I just can’t stop myself. It’s that good. Each bite more mouth-wateringly luscious than the other. In just five minutes flat, I hog down the entire orgasm-inducer. Christ! Now, I’ve caught Nalini’s virus too!
“Hmmm,” I let out a deep contented sigh as I crumple the bag and wipe my face. I get up to dispose it off but just as I turn, I see Nalini and Neil standing there, staring straight at me. Nalini has her palm covering her mouth and as I fix my glare on her, she bursts out laughing. She starts laughing so hard that she actually drops to her knees. I shift my glare to Neil and my heart skips a beat because there is not even a hint of amusement on his face.
Arms folded over his chest, his eyes gaze into mine with such intensity that even Nalini’s guffaws can’t soften their blow. I bite my lips to keep myself from keeling over but that only makes his eyes trail down. As I release my lip, his gaze moves up again and I’m sucked right in. It’s like there is an invisible connection between us. An almost palpable magnetism that is slowly but inexorably pulling me towards him. A particularly raucous laugh from Nalini manages to break my trance and I suck in a breath.
“You’re in serious need of a boyfriend,” Nalini proclaims loudly as she stands up and walks off to the bathroom, wiping her tears.
My cheeks heat up at her inappropriate unsolicited advice and I rush to the safety of the kitchenette. But I can’t stay hidden here forever, can I? And really, I was just enjoying my sandwich! What’s the big deal? A few minutes later, I hold my head high and march right back outside to find Neil sitting behind the counter, tapping away on the laptop.
He doesn’t look up when I walk in, so I heave a sigh of relief and head over to the bed-table, only to realize that I’d left my machine and designs on the counter, right next to him. Now, I have no option but to go across and retrieve them.
Be brave, Kari. I take a fortifying breath, walk up to the counter and quickly make a grab for all my stuff but just as I swing around a gruff voice stops me right in my tracks. “Just with a BLT, huh Angel? I’ll get you another one tomorrow with brisket.”
I can’t see his face so I don’t know if he’s laughing. So I just purse my lips and walk away but just before plugging in my ear phones, I reply in an overtly dignified manner, “Thank you for the sandwich.” Then without waiting for his response, I plug in my ear phones even though I know they’ll be completely useless. I won’t possibly be able to hear anything because there’s only one word resounding in my brain right now. Angel. He called me an angel!
Humph. What is he? An alpha male wannabe? A classic western aficionado? I smirk to myself but then something sharp twists in my belly. I’m no angel. Angels don’t have sordid shameful secrets. Angels don’t have seedy sex tapes hidden in their closets. Out of all the things that I might be, I am certainly no freaking angel.
And I don’t even want to be called that fucking patronizing name! No. I absofuckinglutely do not. I turn up the volume, shut out the world and bend my head over my design.
I want to fight it,
This disgust, this body blighted,
I want to fight it,
My mind is messed up, my soul ignited,
I really do want to fight it,
This hurt, all those memories re-winded,
Oh! I want to fight it,
This scar that rips me apart. I’m not going to hide it.

Chapter Four

I’m just putting the finishing touches on a new design I've created when someone taps me on the shoulder and my focus slips. I watch in horror as a dribble of ink runs across the sheet, ruining an hour’s work. Seething with anger, I take off my ear plugs and turn around but all my anger immediately evaporates as I come face-to-face with…Agnas.
She’s looking a lot better. Her face has gotten back some of its color and even though her hair is not perfectly brushed, she’s made an effort to tie it in a pony tail.
Agnas gives a sad glance at my ruined design. “I’m sorry, dear. I didn’t mean to surprise you.”
I shake my head. “No biggie. I was just practicing.”
Agnas suddenly stills and looks straight into my eyes. “Kari, I’m also sorry for…earlier.”
My eyes widen with surprise. I’m taken aback with her directness. With my mother, meltdowns were events that were usually glossed over. Never discussed. Certainly never apologized for.
I nod slowly, wondering how to respond but then all the awkwardness flies right out of the window as she asks me her next question.
“So you wanna give it a real shot today?”
“What?!” Does she really mean what I think she means?! But it’s just too soon! I’m not ready for a real job yet! I wring my hands at the thought of marking someone’s skin forever. What if I mess it up?! No. No. No. I’m so not ready yet.
Agnas's voice breaks through my turmoil. “You’ll never think you’re ready unless you actually go ahead and do it.” I wonder how she knows how to address my exact fears. Right. Do as she tells you, Kari. Ball-bustingly brave, that’s us.
“Okay,” I say in a small voice and then look behind the counter. No one’s there. Nalini must have already left for the day. I wonder who I’ll be tattooing since there’s no one else around…and that's when I see him.
Oh! My dear God! I can’t do this.
No really…I can’t!
I stare in horror as Neil, dressed in just his jeans and socks, strolls across from the bathroom and seats himself on the other bed-table. Then he looks at me and winks! Jheezus!!
I'm sure my jaw is touching the floor by the time he lies down on the bed-table and folds his hands contentedly behind his head.
“I can’t do this,” I announce loudly to the room.
Agnas shakes her head. “Of course, you can. Here, fill up the machine and I’ll show you the design he’s picked.” She walks over to the rack as she keeps talking to me, “I didn’t even know he wanted a tattoo! He’s never been keen on it before. I thought we’d do it with a customer first but this is so much better, dear. You’ll be more comfortable this way.”
More comfortable, my huge dimpled ass! I fumble with the machine as I fill it up with ink, wishing I could tell Agnas that I would have picked a customer over Neil any day. I steal a look at him as I prepare the machine. Glistening hard pecs, soft smattering of hair in just the right places…I squeeze my eyes shut. Christ! He looks completely at ease with himself! I wonder if he’s had a chat with Agnas about whatever she had been so upset about. He must have because now he's looking so carefree, happy and so…sexy as hell.
I risk opening my eyes and my heart goes thumpy thump all over again. I trail his long hair, his lips, the hard ridges of his underarms, the strong planes of his chest...Oh! Damn! I completely forgot! Where exactly did he want this tattoo?!
Agnas comes over with the design sheet in her hand and I have to say, I’m a little surprised they're both behaving so normally again. Apart from the apology, it’s like she never snapped at her son who’d flown half-way across the country to meet her. Wee-irrrd.
Anyways. Who am I to meddle in my boss's affairs? I’ll just be the one to test my amateur inking skills on her son! God help me! 
I study the design. It’s an edgier version of a dragon tattoo. “Where does he want it?” I ask Agnas.
“Ask him,” she replies. Then I watch with alarm as she picks up a handbag lying on the couch and walks to the front door without giving me a second glance.
“Agnas!” I exclaim belatedly as she’s just about to shut the door behind her.
She halts mid-way and looks at me in surprise. “What?”
“You can’t just leave! What if I botch this up?!” I turn to look at Neil sprawled comfortably on the bed table. He's clearly enjoying this. I point my finger at him in warning. “And I promise you, I will botch this up.”
Agnas clucks her tongue. “Oh! You won’t. Have some faith in yourself. I’ll be back in an hour.”
The door shuts behind her and I pinch my nose to stop myself from screaming. I look back at Neil lying there in all his bare-chested glory. Then I look at the design sheet in my hand and take a deep breath. Then I get busy. I take the machine, spray bottle, jelly, razor, tubes, cups and place everything neatly on top of the side table.
I also tear a whole bunch of paper towels and keep them ready for later use. And just as I’m feeling happy about having prepped everything like a proper professional, Neil decides to rain on my parade.
“I think you forgot something.”
I look at all the supplies again. What?! What did I miss? Nothing. That’s what. He’s just trying to put me on the edge.
“Really? And how would you know, huh?”
He nips his lips with his teeth and I try to give him one of my famous death glares.
I fail.
I guess all my energy is already being used up in not looking anywhere below his neck.
“I’m just shooting in the dark here but don’t you think needles would be kinda essential?” he asks, not bothering to hide his grin anymore.
“Oh! Shoot!” I flurry off to the counter and dig out a sterilized pack of needles. “I got them! I got them!” I say, waving the  jabbing devices in the air and then like the manic obsessive person that I am, I re-order all the supplies on the side-table again.
Right. Now for the actual job. I look at the design sheet in my hand again. “So where do you want this?”
“Right here,” he says and I look up from the sheet to see where he’s pointing. Every single drop of blood in my body rushes up to my cheeks as I stare at his finger resting on his lower stomach. Ack! I cannot do this. I can’t. I can’t even look there. How will I bend my head on top of that…area of his body and actually ink something? Dammit, I cannot do this.
“I cannot do this,” I tell his lower stomach. Then averting my eyes, I look at the design sheet in my hand and shake my head. “Really, I just…can’t.”
“Okay.”
I look up at him in surprise and he shrugs in response. “I guess, Mom was wrong,” he says and folds his hands behind his head again.
I wait for him to explain. The clock ticks, the traffic outside simmers and Neil starts whistling again. I give up. “Jheezus! What do you mean?!”
He stops whistling and gives me a horribly condescending smile. “She said you’re a natural." Then all the humor is wiped off from his face as he asks the next question, "You know how many apprentices she’s trained?”
I am too taken aback by his previous comment to respond. A natural? Me?
Neil doesn’t wait for me to reply. “None,” he says, answering his own question.
“Then why me?” I ask him, suddenly wondering about why Agnas had chosen to hire me at all. She’s already built a great client base and she’s an excellent tattoo artist herself. I’d seen customers walk-in feeling unsure and by the time they left they would be raving about her skills. She didn’t need me. At all. Maybe someone to help around with the odd-jobs but certainly not an apprentice.
I look up and find Neil watching me with a strange expression on his face.
“You really don’t know, do you?” he asks after a beat.
I furrow my brow. “Know what?!”
“How talented you are?”
I know. Of course, I know. I’ve always aced the Arts class. Obviously, I know I draw well. But tattooing? That’s a whole different ball game. The stakes are so much higher. You’re messing with someone’s skin here! Not a design which you can scrap and start over with.
“What if a hunky Harley rider comes in, requesting a dragon tattoo and I end up inking a donkey on him? You know like that funny GIF? What’s going to happen then, huh? What if I drive the needle in too deep and accidentally, like kill somebody? What then? The only way I see this ending is me in an orange jumpsuit sitting on an unsanitary pot in a dark, rat-infested cellar.” I take a deep shuddering breath at the scary scenario I’ve just painted out in such realistic detail.
A second later, as I look up I find a horror-struck expression on Neil’s face.
“Angel, you have a real knack for the gruesome. That has got be the worst possible scenario a tattoo artist has ever come up with.” His face breaks into a grin. “I knew it though. I told Mom you’ll never make it.” Then he starts doing this thing. He starts flapping his hands. “Buck, buck, buck, buckawk.”
Bare-chested Adonis or not, right now I have the extreme urge to fling something at his stupid face. Something heavy. Something that will hurt like a bitch.
I try to maintain my composure and give him a wan smile. “Yeah, thing is I’m not four. So what you just did? Doesn’t really work anymore.”
Alright then. Solitary confinement here I come. I snap on the blue gloves, take the alcohol, spray it viciously on his lower stomach and then apply some lather. With an evil grin I pick up the razor but as soon as I stretch my hand towards his stomach, all my bravado vanishes. Somehow the act of shaving him there seems so intimate, so improper. Especially, since I’ll have to bend over him and stay that way for more than an hour while I ink him.
Be brave, Kari. Think of him as your customer. Customers are not people. They are walking, talking currency notes. No feelings. Just business. Right. Okay.
My face flames up as I begin scraping through his happy trail. After a few seconds of scraping, I realize what he has isn’t a trail, it’s a whole forest! Ack! Weren’t all men supposed to shave their chest and stuff nowadays? Whatever happened to having fuzz-free Hollywood heroes as role models?
At least now, my embarrassment is completely foregone by the irritation at his lack of upkeep. The only thing distracting me now is that heady mix of musk, shaving cream and a distinctly…male scent. And God knows that is one seriously jeopardizing distraction. Especially with a whizzing needle in one’s hand.
The disinfection and shaving over with, I get down to business. Once I've stenciled the tattoo on his skin, I plug in my machine.
“Okay. This will sting a bit,” I warn him. As the needle starts etching his skin, I see his stomach muscles clench in response. A few seconds pass and as he gets used to the pressure, the tension gradually leaves his body.
I’d initially thought it would be hard to be artistic when you know your work is causing agony to another person. But no. Now, it seems even more imperative that my work be perfect, precisely because someone is willing to take the brunt of the needle for it.
In fact, I’m so focused on inking him right that I don’t even attempt any small talk. Something I’ve often seen Agnas do with the customers. However, my silence doesn’t deter him.
“Where do you live?” he asks.
“Around.”
“Around...like across the street in that grey house?”
I pause my work for a second and give him a questioning glance.
He smiles sheepishly. “Yeah, Mom told me.”
I don’t respond and get back to my work. Which in no way discourages him.
“So what are your plans?”
“Getting through college.”
“I mean more immediate plans.”
“Finishing the gazillion pending papers.”
“No Angel, like tomorrow evening. What are your plans for tomorrow evening?”
An unwelcome memory of my last date flashes through my mind and I whimper at the pain it lashes on me. I jerk off the machine from his body and take a sharp breath. Then I turn to face him and tell him through gritted teeth, “I don’t go on dates, okay? So just stop. Stop calling me Angel. Stop being so…nice. Just let me do this, okay? Please. Just…” I feel my face crumple so I quickly turn away from him and bend my head. Putting the machine back on, I continue with my work, all the while trying real hard to swallow the dry ball stuck at the back of my throat. Time passes, my needle etches and thankfully, I soon get so engrossed in my work that everything else blurs in comparison.
I sharpen the edges of the dragon’s tail, outline the cruelty of its jaw, the jagged spikes and blades of its wings. Then I fill it all up with another ink. And for that entire time, I am blissfully oblivious of all my dreams which remain unattainable, of all the angst, the frustration, the huge disappointment that is my life.
After finishing, as I straighten up and unplug the machine, I realize with shock that Agnas is standing right behind me. I was so completely immersed in the zone, I didn’t even hear her come in!
Just as I’m taking off my gloves, she puts a hand on my shoulder. "Oh! Kari. It’s beautiful!” I am surprised to hear her voice break and when I look up, sure enough, her cheeks are wet with freely-flowing tears. But she’s not looking at the tattoo. I follow her gaze and realize she’s staring at her son. Neil has his eyes closed, lips pursed and his fists clenched tight. And at that moment I can completely relate to the torture I see on his face. I may not know the reason for it but I know exactly what it feels like. A serpent sitting in your belly, writhing, lashing and threatening to take over your mind.
My body moves before my mind can even follow and I clasp his balled-up fist in my hands. He makes a strangled noise and clasps my hands tighter. Then he opens his eyes with a grimace and his eyes widen as they fall on my face. I immediately let go of his hand and step away. He shoots up from the bed table, looking around desperately. “Where’s Agnas?”
I look behind in surprise. “She was here…just a moment ago. Upstairs, maybe?”
Neil lets out a deep breath and jumps off the bed table.
“I’ll go look for her.” He turns to go but then stops and glances back. “And Kari…thanks.” I watch his fingers as they press gingerly against his tattoo. “It’s the best I’ve ever seen. Agnas is right you know...you’ve got what it takes.”
I stare at his retreating figure and wonder about what it is that has Agnas so bothered and Neil so worried. Then I clean up all the tools and leave for home.
Mom’s working in late again and what’s worse is that it’s a Saturday. My turn for cooking dinner.
After much debating, I decide on the eternal favorite. Spaghetti and meat balls.
I scrounge around the kitchen, looking for some meat. I come up with just two sorry-looking sausages but it's more than enough for me.
I'll be the only one hogging them because Mom doesn't even look at meat. She is big on being a vegan. Well, as long as the veggies she partakes are frequently interspersed with coffee, cigarettes and wine. It's what I call...vegan with benefits.
Me? I can eat anything and everything, with or without a face. Mom tried everything to lure me away from meat but I could not be cured. When I was younger it was emotional blackmail. How could I ever refuse the chunky soy burgers which had been made with so much love and hard work? I tried them for a whole month before even the thought of soy would make me hurl. When I got older, she went subliminal. Pictures of cows grazing in fields as screen-savers, stuffed toy rabbits for birthdays. Then two years ago, Dad left and Mom went ballistic. Ads with celebrities dressed as tortured seals, naked supermodels detailing bovine parts on their nude, size zero bodies.
And yet. Here I am, squeezing the hell out of my sausages to make meatballs. Living the life.
The sauce turns out well and I take out half of it for Mom before spiking mine with the meatballs. A car door shuts on the street outside and a few seconds later, Mom comes in juggling her enormous bag and a huge pile of folders which promptly collapses on the floor as soon as she makes it inside the house.
We scamper across the floor, trying to collect all the papers that have slipped out. “Mom! Have you even heard of the digital revolution? Who carries paper anymore?”
“My boss, that’s who. I have a sneaky suspicion Carl doesn’t know how to use computers.”
“Come on, Mom! That’s impossible. He hosts the morning news for Christ’s sake!”
“Oye, that still doesn’t tell us a blimey thing.”
“Yeah. Real mature, Mom. Making fun of someone’s accent.”
“Jeez, Kari. Lighten up.” She gives me a pat on the head and then walks off to her study to put away all her things.
“What’s for dinner?” Mom asks as she enters the kitchen and I watch with amusement as her step falters when she notices the table. Two plates piled high with spaghetti and a thick well of tomato sauce in-between. Mine with the added luxury of meatballs.
“Oh! Kari. I love you!” she gushes as we sit down. “I think we should dump this alternate day arrangement and let you take on all the cooking. You’re so much better at it than I am!”
I smirk as I pick up my fork. “Yeah, if you start paying me for it.”
Mom’s fork-full of spaghetti pauses in mid-air as she looks up to give me a glare. “Why do you suddenly need so much extra cash?”
Uh-oh. Busted. And I’ve set myself up for it this time, haven’t I? Quick! Think of something, Kari!
“I did my first tattoo today!” I spurt out and then wonder if I’ve just jumped right into the fire. But I should have realized this was my Mom I was talking to. You can't pull off any kind of evasion tactics with her. Not even with my delicious spaghetti sauce fogging her brain.
“Really? Great! So since you’re doing so well there, they must be paying you and that apart from the pocket money is quiet a hefty sum. Where are you spending all of it?”
I wave my empty fork in the air. “You know, books, clothes, the works.”
“More clothes?”
“A girl can never have too many clothes, Mom.”
“When I was your age…”
“NO. No, Mom. Please. Any sentence that starts with those five words is grounds for a change in subject. And look I’ve already finished my dinner.”
Mom lets out a deep tragic sigh. “Alright. There is one more subject I have to talk to you about.”
My ears prickle with alarm as she uses the two code red words in the same sentence. Talk and subject. Heaven have mercy on my soul!
“O-kay. What is this subject?”
“Your Dad called and he said you’re not replying to any of his e-mails or returning his calls. Why is that?”
I shrug my shoulders in response.
“And in teen-speak that means what exactly?”
“Christ! It’s just that I’ve been busy, okay? I’ll write something to him before I sleep.”
“Okay, but…” Thankfully, Mom’s phone dings right at that same instant. Her attention diverted, I quickly get up and dump my plate in the sink.
“Kari, I’ll do the dishes. Just leave them there,” she says without taking her eyes off the phone.
“Okay, Mom. Goodnight.” I kiss her on the cheek and make my escape to the safety of my room. Without switching on the lights, I go straight across to the window.
Neil or Agnas must have closed down the shop because all the shutters have been pulled down. I glance up and notice that the apartment lights are still on. I wonder what Neil’s up to. I wonder if the red-nailed stiletto-wearing bimbo is there with him right now. Then I wonder if me standing here in the dark, trying to pry into his living room counts as stalker behavior. It does. It completely does. Psycho!
I feel the scorning eyes of Kermit, my childhood tag-along, burning craters into my back. I promptly walk across to my study table and turn him so he faces the wall.
Then after a quick bath, I power on my laptop and send a perfunctory e-mail to Dad. Basically an I’m okay, you’re okay, everything is A-okay. It’s the least I can do. He is paying for my college tuition after all.
Finally, I take my lying, deceiving body and slump it down on the bed. When I open my eyes next, its morning again and that’s when it all comes rushing back to me.

Chapter Five

Drawing in a lungful of air, I shoot up from my bed. Then without wasting another second, I tear off my clothes and scramble towards the shower. I scrub him off me, off my body, my face, my lips. I scrub till my skin is raw, till the soap stings me back to sanity.
I dress up hurriedly wearing the first set of clean clothes I can find. I have to leave home before Mom wakes up and insists on her Sunday breakfast ritual.
Once I'm out of the house and on the street, I allow myself to relax. Then I head out to start my usual Sunday morning walk in the park close-by.
Early mornings turn our community park into a post-apocalyptic disaster zone. Crumpled bits of fliers, plastic cups littered on the grass, steaming sewers and harried, hung-over or just plain grumpy ramblers. Ah! There’s the old couple who hates making eye-contact with the other morning walkers, there's the paunchy man in his forties from the apartment above, the bouncy bimbo in spandex whose boobs move up an inch every time I see her, the ripped Italian dude who follows her trying hard to get in her good graces. I love each and every one of them. They are my reliable source of Sunday cheer.
I enter the park through the side gate and am just about to start my jog on the trail when I notice two people haggling in the corner ahead. One of them is Eddie.
My breath hitches and my feet freeze to the spot. If Eddie notices me, he will certainly harry me about the money or worse, draw me into whatever confrontation he’s having with that shady-looking guy. I have to get out of here.
Extremely wary of not bringing any attention to myself, I slowly do an about-turn and start walking back towards the gate.
But today is just not my day.
“Hey! Where’re you running off to?” Eddie’s snide voice halts me right in my tracks and my shoulders slump in defeat.
Dreading every moment of what I'm about to go through, I turn around to face him. I watch as he saunters towards me with that contemptuous smile on his face. Just watching that smile of his and I feel it growing inside me. Hatred. Deep, intense hatred. I hate him from the depths of my existence.
I hate his smug sneering face so much that my hands tremble with all the emotions bubbling inside me. “What are you doing here?” I ask him through gritted teeth.
He shifts his baseball cap the wrong way round. “Business as usual.”
“Yeah, that looked like business.” The jibe escapes me even though I know no good can come from pissing him off.
He raises his eyebrows in surprise and steps close. Close. Too close. “Well, well, well. Aren’t we feisty today?” He puts his hand on my shoulder and I suck in a breath at the disgust his touch unleashes through my body.
My spine snaps to attention and I clench my teeth. “Get your hands OFF OF ME!”
Just for a second, he's taken aback by my reaction but then the element of surprise wears off and he smirks. “Why? What are you going to do?” My body shudders with revulsion as his hand moves and he runs the back of his fingers over my cheek. “What happened? Cat got your tongue?”
“Is everything okay? Kari?” The voice seems familiar and as I turn towards it, my anger instantly melts. Neil is standing there in his track pants, looking at me with such genuine concern on his face that it pushes me right over the edge. I quickly turn my head before the tears welling up in my eyes can give me away.
“We’re just talking,” Eddie says defensively. I look up to glare at him and to my surprise, I realize Eddie looks uneasy and scared? This is quite a surprise because even though Neil is taller, Eddie easily outweighs him. He is clearly the heftier guy.
“Yeah? Didn’t look like talking to me,” Neil replies curtly but his voice softens as he addresses me, “Kari? What’s the matter? What’s wrong?”
Eddie changes his tactic. “She’s my girl, okay? It’s just a misunderstanding.”
Something explodes inside me as I hear him call me his girl. For fuck’s sake! I am so done with him and his bullshit! I am done. Done. DONE.
“I AM NOT YOUR GIRL! And this is over. I’m not doing it anymore, okay? It’s just over. Don’t you dare call me again!” I swing around and march towards the gate. I hear someone coming after me but I don’t stop. I start running and keep going till I find myself back on my block, standing right in front of the shop. The shutters are still down so I collapse on the sidewalk, my body thunking against the metal. I drop my head back, close my eyes and drag in mouthfuls of air. Somebody lands right beside me and for a second, I think it’s Eddie.
A volcano erupts in my mind. What was I thinking telling him it's over? It will never be over. Oh God! What have I done? What if he releases the video today? I have to stop him. Shaking with anxiety, I turn to face him. But it’s not Eddie. It’s Neil and he’s looking at me with concern and…fear?
Now there is something to be said about a slip of a girl managing to scare a seven foot hunk with just her melodrama and tears. I don't know why but right then watching that wary expression on Neil's face snaps something inside me and I go hysterical with laughter. It’s the kind of laugh you let out when you realize your life is so messed up that nothing you do will ever make it right. When you know you’ve probably slotted yourself as an A-grade psycho and sentenced yourself to a long lonely life. I laugh till my tears run out. Till my body starts trembling with the after-effects of the adrenalin rush. The humor of the damned.
I feel Neil’s arms sliding across my shoulders and pulling me towards him. I grasp the life-line being offered and melt into his chest. We stay like that for a long time. My forehead on his shoulders, my face planted in his chest, me breathing deeply till the spice of his skin brushes away all my darkness.
“You should bottle that and sell it,” I mutter without thinking.
“What?”
Ohmigod. Did I just say that out loud?! Christ! Just shoot me already and get it over it! This morning could not get any worse.
I slowly lift my head from his shoulder and pull away. “Nothing,” I say, as I use my sleeves to quickly wipe my face clean of all possible snot and streaks.
“Nothing?” I wince when I hear the smile in his voice. I look up at him and sure enough there is a wide grin stuck on his face.
Holy hell! He heard me! I  feel the hot burn rising up from my neck to my face. Great! A snot-laden face turning an unsightly shade of red. Just perfect.
Then I realize, I’m staring at him and he’s …gazing back at me. And somehow the air between us has completely changed. The heated expression on his face sends a shiver down my spine and just for a moment, I want to believe. I want to feel what it would be like. If it were just him and me. No complications. No mess. No fear. Because right now, when he’s looking at me like I’m the only person he sees, it doesn’t scare me at all. Not one bit.
The roughness of his fingers grazes my skin as he cups my cheek and I allow myself to lean into his caress. When he lowers his lips on top of mine, it feels just like when he’d held my hand. Natural. Phenomenal. Unparalleled.
Our lips start moving in tandem, opening, tasting and releasing. And then the beat shifts. It becomes intense, consuming, so physically damning that my lips feel scorched. My body starts thrumming with a need so violent that I tremble to contain it.
When we break and come up for breath, we’re both breathless. And that’s when the panic strikes. How can I let myself get burnt again? And so easily? Jesus! I’m a textbook case of victim complex. Feels ashamed and blames herself? Check. Falls for promises that are meant to be broken? Check. Thinks sun will shine from assholes someday? Check.
Neil rests his forehead against mine and even though my heart believes in the magic we’ve just created, my body pulls away. I notice a range of emotions flicker across his face. From surprise to a frown to that maddening concern.
“Kari, I’m sorry.” I cringe at the apology and he hastens to correct himself, “I’m not sorry it happened, just...I didn’t mean to take advantage.” He tucks a wisp of hair behind my ear. Oh God! Why does he have to be so nice? Why can’t he act like the regular assholes I am so used to dealing with? I pinch my forehead trying to bite back the dull throb building inside.
“I couldn’t help myself,” he says softly.
Oh-kay. Time to rise and shine. “Yeah. I think…it’s time…to open the shop? Isn’t it?” I get up and brush my pants free of any grime.
Neil doesn’t say anything and I refuse to look at him. Instead, I involve myself in essential grooming activities. I brush imaginary dirt off my fingernails, tighten my ponytail, remove a make-believe fleck from my eyelash. Then the other. Until I hear him let out a deep sigh. A clink and a clank later, Neil pulls up the shutter. He holds the door open for me and I walk in feeling irritated with his overtly gallant behavior. Too much niceness can also be a pain in the behind. Especially, when you know you don’t deserve it.
I settle into my work ignoring the looks he keeps giving me as he switches on the lights and turns over the door sign. But it’s not until he shuts the stairwell door behind him that I truly relax and start focusing on my design. Ten minutes later, Nalini walks in.
“Yo Mary Sue! Howiz zee?”
“Hur mar du?” I say without looking up.
I hear complete silence in response, so I look up and find Nalini holding her plush pink jacket in her outstretched arm frozen half-way towards the coat hanger. She is looking at me like my brain is mashed.
A second later, she seems to snap out of her daze and shakes her head. “Girl, you are in serious need of a night out. I’m not taking no for an answer, you are coming with us to the club tonight.”
“I’ve got an early-morning class tomorrow! I can’t stay up late!”
Nalini gives me a look then plugs her ears with her fingers and goes, “Lalalalalala. Lalalala.”
“Wow. Real mature, Nalini.”
With her hands still plugged in her ears, Nalini walks off towards the coffee machine. When she returns, she's bearing a steaming cup of coffee in her hands.  “What did that even mean?” she asks, leaning against the counter.
“What did what mean?”
“That hur mar...weirdness you just threw at me?”
“Oh, that’s Swedish for ‘how are you?’”
Nalini twists her face in dismay. “Why?”
“Because you called me Pippi Longstocking yesterday. Get it?”
Her dismay turns to horror. "What?!"
I give an exasperated sigh. “Oh! Come on. She’s Swedish?”
Nalini's face dead-pans as she sits down and switches on the laptop. A second later, she turns and gives me a stern look. “Seven sharp. In front of the shop. We’ll pick you up. Oh and it’s a masquerade party! So wear a mask of some sort.”
Then after a few minutes of normalcy, during which I finish half of my design and Nalini does her morning chores of updating records and cleaning the piercing tools, Neil shows up again.
Dressed in blue jeans and a fitted black tee, he looks like the progeny of Ryan Gosling and Robert Pattinson. If they went that way. If this were a universe where such a thing was even possible. And if I don’t stop ogling at him right this second, I’ll probably stab myself with the inking machine buzzing in my hand. Thankfully, the object of my distraction soon disappears into the kitchenette.
“AHEM!”
Startled, I turn to look at Nalini. She wiggles her eyebrows at me and nods her head towards the coffee machine.
“Stop it,” I hiss at her.
She hisses back, “Why not? You keep molesting him with your eyes, might as well go talk to him.”
“I DO..." I shout and then immediately lower my voice, "I do not.”
“Uh-huh. You do know other girls would give an arm, a boob and a pinky just to breathe the same air as him? He’s…” Nalini has the sense to break it off as soon as Neil emerges. My nerves however need much more time for regaining composure. Cheeks woefully aflame, I bend my head and go back to my etching. From the corner of my eyes, I see Neil’s big black boots walk past me and head towards the counter.
“What’s up?” he asks Nalini in his gravelly voice. A voice that does giddy things to my entire body. I really have to stop thinking like this. But I can’t believe he kissed me! Stop it. What had he said? He couldn’t help himself. What did that even mean? Like he didn’t want to, but he did? Or he wanted to but shouldn’t have? Seriously, you psycho, STOP IT!
“Still flapping,” I hear Nalini telling him.
“Good that. Agnas is not feeling well today. She said Kari could take on her clients or any other walk-ins.”
I stop inking and swing around to face them. “What?! No way.”
Both Nalini and Neil give me patient, condescending looks. The kind people give to their untrained domestic pets. Oh, what are we going to do with this fluffy little biter?
I bite back. “Seriously. I can’t take on so many clients so soon and Sundays are the busiest!” I replay the sentence I’ve just uttered in my mind and realize that it sounds completely…whore-ish. I’m still mentally cringing at that wayward thought, when a hand drops on my shoulder and snaps me back to reality.
His eyes gazing straight into mine, Neil is standing right in front of me with an intense expression covering his face. Then he opens his mouth and tells me the most epic thing any guy has ever told any girl. “Kari, you are brilliant at what you do. I’ve seen you work. When you plug on that machine and start inking, I doubt if there is anything else that matters to you as much as etching a design so spectacular that it will mark a person for life…just the way you’ve marked me.”
He says this, smiles, turns around and then leaves the shop. Seconds later and I'm still standing there with my mouth open, feeling completely and absolutely dazzled.
Nalini’s voice cuts through my love-struck haze. “So last night I was watching TV and they had this movie on. I don’t know if you’ve seen it. This girl loves this guy on e-mail and hates the same guy in person? But she doesn’t know they’re both the same and when she realizes, she thinks she hates his guts. Only he gives this epic romantic monologue in the end and so she decides she can’t help but fall in love with him,” Nalini says it all in a single breath and then finishes off with a deep sigh.
I look at her feeling completely cured of all my previous bedazzlement. When she doesn’t elaborate on the long-winded story she’s just recounted, I give up and prompt her.
“So? You think what Neil just said was better than that or…what?!”
Nalini gives me a confused look. “What?! No. The girl had this off-beat sidekick in the movie. You know the quirky friend? Who’s just there to make the girl look prettier? Well, right now I feel completely like that,” she says and sniffs.
My brain feels frazzled and numb, both at the same time and I’m still thinking of what an impossible state of mind that is, when she summarizes with a shrug. “Just saying.”
A few more seconds of stunned silence and then I roll back on my heels. “O-k-a-y then.” Then for the next hour, I put my head down and focus on my work. When a scheduled client walks in an hour before lunch, I’m proud to say that I’m the very picture of cool and calm as I handle her. She selects the design, I load the machine and then I proceed to etch out a flight of stars on her back. When she leaves feeling happy and satisfied, for the first time in my life I feel…invincible. Because nothing that ever happens now can take this away from me. The tattoo I inked on Neil yesterday was not a fluke. I really do have this. Talent.

Chapter Six

I fidget with my hair until I finally give up on the unmanageable mess and decide to leave it open. Blow-dried to hell, my hair bears an uncanny resemblance to a huge bearskin hat. Now all I need is a red tunic and I could march off straight to Buckingham Palace.
Maybe my skinny jeans and silk top will offset the balance? Maybe my special Green Lantern mask will give me that extra edge? Especially, since I’ve matched it with a power ring blinging bright on my finger. Who can beat that I ask you? No one. That’s who.
In addition to the bearskin hat hair, the brown monstrosity of this overcoat that my Mom insisted I wear does somewhat lessen my whole kick-a-pow impact but then there is absolutely nothing I could have done to avert that.
I remember how Mom had reacted when I had told her about my night out with Nalini. Mom’s been to the shop before and she’s met Agnas, Nalini, even Josiah. So obviously she didn’t get all excited at the prospect of my going out with a girl who is into piercing and her headbanging boyfriend.
Thankfully, our argument didn’t drag on too much as it had intruded into Mom’s weekly dose of Saturday night football. Other girls’ mothers spent time watching soap melodramas. Mine is into sports. Secretly I think it’s more about the varied six packs on display than about the actual mechanics of the game. But I have no patience to actually sit through an entire game and catch Mom red-handed ogling at some hunky quarterback.
Now, I'm standing outside the shop waiting discreetly in the shadows, trying hard not to terrorize the passers-by and failing completely. I push myself deeper against the wall as an old couple hurries past me, throwing nervous looks in my direction. Can't blame them. A huge coat topped with a green mask and a toupee lurking on a dark street would scare the shit out of me as well. A sudden loud roar startles my ugly hat hair right off my scalp.
I watch with dread as a huge-ass bike turns the corner up ahead. My whole body stiffens with alarm as the lone rider starts closing in towards my side of the road and then stops right in front of me! As I stand there contemplating flight or fight scenarios, the rider takes off his helmet and I realize it’s…Neil!
Shouldn’t he be grinding into Ms. Stiletto somewhere against a wall or maybe taking care of his Mom or should I say, Agnas? And what the hell is that all about anyways?
As I contemplate these weighty thoughts, my traitorous eyes roam over his black-booted leg, the distressed jeans, the leather jacket, the bristly jaw, the broken nose and the tousled silk of his hair. Holy! Smoking mother of hell! As my eyes reach up and meet his, he winks and my stomach dives straight into the abyss. Never to be heard from again.
“Like what you see?” he says in his deep voice and I blush, which only succeeds in broadening the grin on his face.
My brain immediately snaps back to reality. “What are you doing here?”
Frown lines crease his beautiful forehead. “Picking you up? Nalini told me you needed a ride?”
Christ! I’m going to kill that girl! “Really? Did she?”
I walk up to the bike and stand there, wondering how to climb it. Do I swing my leg back and then hop on? Will my skinny jeans take that much of a stretch? Or maybe I should sit sideways and then fold my knees like a mantis? Decisions. Decisions.
“Angel, if you’d spend this much time exploring me instead of my ride...”
Without wasting another second or risking another innuendo, I fling my leg around and hop on to the bike. There! Not so tough after all. Only. Now I don’t know what to hold on to. I haven’t been near a boy since... I can’t possibly hold him! My arms around his torso? Christ! No way!
“Here, this one’s for you,” Neil says, handing over a helmet. I remove my mask, tuck it in my coat pocket and put on the helmet. My body stiffens as I suddenly feel Neil’s hands gripping me by my knees. A sharp tug and he pulls me forward, smack into his back. When I gasp in shock, he stills his hands and slowly raises them up in surrender.
“Just making sure my angel doesn’t fly off,” he says softly.
While my heart goes thumpy thump, my head is still reeling from the suddenness of his move. That and his use of that possessive noun. My…angel?! But before I can process any of this, Neil speaks up again, “Please be careful not to clasp me too hard. I don’t like being pawed upon. Okay?” His voice is without any inflection or even a shred of humor.
I grin and reply, “Okay.”
And then I wrap my hands around his torso without any hesitation or discomfort, something I’d thought impossible just a few seconds ago. This guy. This. Guy. He’s going to break my heart.
As I get comfortable, I marvel on the way my body fits his on the bike. Like it’s designed to be that way. Which I guess it is. I mean not his specifically but the whole male, female biological thing? I mean not just male, female of course. LBT included. Or is it LBTQ or LBTI? Christ! 
“By the way, love your mask,” Neil says huskily but before I can reply, his bike takes off. Then all my jumbled wayward thoughts are immediately smashed to bits. There’s just one word to describe what I feel right then. Exhilaration.
The thrum of the machine beats through my body making me feel alive, wild and free. The rush I feel is so electric that I feel like roaring right along with the bike. But all too soon it stops and when it does I realize my cheeks ache. I must have grinned all the way through.
I remove my helmet and hand it over to Neil. Then I put my mask back on, just as he hooks up both our helmets to the bike. Once he's done, Neil shoves his hand inside his jacket and pulls out a black mask. It's only when he puts it on that I realize what it is and my jaw does a bungee jump towards the tarred road below.
Batman! Holy! Mother of sweet Jesus! If Neil looked hot before, he looks positively scorching now.
“All good?” he asks me from behind the mask. I somehow manage to nod my head in spite of all giddiness fuddling up my brain.
Then Batman and I, we march towards the club.
We’re still walking shoulder to shoulder when I feel his fingers lacing through mine. My heart flips and I wonder again about why it feels so easy. Maybe he’s doing it as a protective gesture, like he did when we crossed the road the day before or maybe I’m just not used to having considerate male figures in my life. Either ways. The fact remains. Not 48 hours ago he’d been exchanging saliva and probably a whole lot else with Ms. Stiletto. How could I ever forget that? I stiffen my back. Man up, Kari. This will never end well.
I shrug Neil's hand off and he looks at me in surprise.
“I can take care of myself,” I tell him.
His lips twitch in response. “Oh, I’m sure you can, little shrub.”
“You are warned!” I take my voice down a notch and point my ring at him, “I’ll tunnel your leathery knighthood right out of this galaxy!”
Neil suddenly halts in his tracks and pins me down with his eyes. “Batman vs. Green Lantern? Batman wins. Every. Single. Time.”
“Ohmygod! So not true. In the…”
He cuts me. “One word…yellow.” I stare at him with my mouth half-open.
“‘Nuff said,” he says smugly and then tugs on my hand to get me moving again. We climb the stairs to get into the shabby-looking building and I start wondering about what kind of club this really is. I know I don't have any previous experiences to compare against but this seems very unlike the whole neon signs, brawny bouncers and long lines scenario that I’ve seen countless movies play out.
As Neil holds the door open for me, I walk in and a blast of music hits my ears. As I step further in, my feet feel the reverberations thrumming from a huge hall located right at the end of a wide corridor. When we finally enter the main hall, it feels like I’ve stepped into a punk fairyland. Crew cuts, dregs, quiffs, mohawks, braided hair in green, blonde, pink, red, blue and sometimes even black. Leather pants, bustiers, jackets, cowboy hats clash with each other in a huge sweaty mass of bodies.
I stand there at the entrance drowning in my huge overcoat, feeling like the most awkwardly dressed person in the whole room. And it's not like what I’m wearing under the coat will make me blend right in. Right now even my mask seems way too nerdy for this crowd. These guys seem to have a more eclectic taste in costumes. From gas masks to Halloween to Mick Jagger to Guy Fawkes to Venetian, these guys really know how to wing it.
I'm still standing there gawking at all the people when all of a sudden a body thunks right into me. “Agghh!” I freeze till I realize it's just Nalini. She’s wearing a glittery carnival mask but even with that ostentatious get up, her Betty Crocker hairstyle is kind of hard to miss.
Nalini holds me at an arms length and gives me a once over. Then she shrieks, “Look at you! Come with me quick!” She drags me by my arm and I look back at Neil with an apologetic smile. Only he’s not there. Did he just come here to drop me?! Couldn’t he wait to get his hands on Ms. Stiletto? Christ! Will I have to spend the rest of the evening watching them make out against some wall?! And what had he said? My angel! Asshat.
Nalini takes me to a restroom that smells strongly of cheap disinfectant. Which is actually not so bad, considering what it’ll smell like a few hours down the line. She takes my overcoat and stuffs it in one of the lockers lining the wall. Then she locks it and hands me the keys.
“What is this place?” I ask.
“It’s an abandoned school building! Josiah and some other guys have leased it out for a year. We’re already 200 member strong! Ain’t that awesome!” Nalini sounds even more exuberant than her usual self. For a second, I wonder if she’s high but then I immediately feel guilty at having judged her. Just because I am a social dead beat, didn't give me any right to criticize others. Still I hope they didn’t have any drugs here.
“No, we don’t!” Nalini says looking stricken. Shit! Had I said that out loud?! What's wrong with me?!
“I’m so sorry! I’m being a bitch, aren’t I?”
“Yes,” she says with a scowl and then takes a step back again. “Now what do we do to turn your bitch down? Hmm?”
I look at her in horror. “What do you mean?!”
In response, she just steps closer and starts undoing the top buttons of my silk top. I freak out and lurch away from her. “Hey! Whattda?!!”
Nalini's shoulders slump and she gives me an exaggeratedly weary look. “Jeez! Relax! I don’t go that way and even if I did I wouldn’t hit on you! You’re too vanilla for my taste.”
“I’m not! What do you mean…too vanilla?!”
“Plain Jane, Jane Doe, Mary Sue? Rings a bell, Pippi?” she says with her hands on her hips. “Now let me do my work or do you want to spend the rest of the evening looking like a dork?”
“Alright. Sorry.” I take a grudging step towards her. “Thanks.”
“Zip the monosyllabic train, Pippi and do a Redeemer for me.”
It takes me a second to get what she means. Once I do, I stretch my hands out away from my body.
“Would it hurt if you’d just said ‘do the titanic pose for me?’”
“Yes, the slash my guts and spill my innards kind,” Nalini replies as she smiles sweetly and starts unbuttoning my shirt again. Three girls who’re dressed like Goths enter the restroom and I try to look as unfazed by what we’re doing, as they seem to be. When they finally leave, Nalini steps back with a satisfied expression and exclaims, “There!”
I turn to look in the mirror and gasp at my reflection. She’s knotted my shirt tightly in the front and as a result the amount of navel and cleavage that is on display now, is positively criminal. I’ve always been conscious of my boobs and now to practically fling them on everyone’s face?!
“I look like a slut!!” I shriek in distress. “I can’t go out looking like this!”
Nalini pushes me towards the door and I hurriedly try to cover as much of my front as I can with my long hair but I’m sure all I succeed in doing is to further accentuate the drop in-between my size D’s. Nalini steers me towards the stage where Josiah and his band are playing. We reach the front row and for a few minutes I stand there feeling self-conscious, looking furtively at Nalini and the other people, most of whom are busy jiving and head-banging to the frantic strumming of Josiah’s guitar.
After some time I realize something. Nobody cares what I look like. Nobody’s even looking at me! They’re too busy being themselves and enjoying the heck out! That’s when I decide to stop fidgeting with my hair and let myself go. And slowly the pluck of the guitar and the thrum of the drums loosens something inside me. I close my eyes and start swaying, moving, letting the music course through my veins.
When the song finally finishes I feel pumped up and euphoric. Oh! Wow! What a high!
As I turn around, I feel the weight of someone's eyes on me. I look around feeling wary and that's when I notice him. He’s leaning against a pillar, watching me from the corner of the stage. Neil.  My body stills as my eyes lock with his. Even from behind his mask, his gaze scorches my body with a heat that fires up every cell of my being. My legs weaken and I hold on to the stage railing to prevent myself from crumpling to the floor.
Feeling anxious to put as much distance as I can between his piercing eyes and me, I quickly turn away and try to make a head-way through the crowd. Once out of the throng, I head over to the bar at the back to get some water. Maybe that’ll help me cool off a bit. When I get there, I realize all my money is stashed away in my coat in the locker. Stupid!
Just as I’m about to turn away from the table, the bartender places a tall glass right in front of me. The glass is brimmed to the top with a flaming orange-red drink. I give him a questioning look and he points to a guy sitting at the other end of the bar. Broad shoulders and muscled arms under a fitted white shirt, this guy is not wearing a mask and he's cute. But I’ve done enough naïve for a lifetime to be accepting drinks from strangers. He raises his glass and I smile back at him. Then I shake my head and turn to the bartender.
“Tell him, no thanks. I’m just about to leave.”
I turn away quickly and hurry off in the direction of the restroom with the firm objective of taking my coat and getting the heck out of here. I’m about five feet away from the door when someone taps me on my shoulder. I halt in my tracks and think - Neil. Christ! I wish I hadn’t listened to Nalini and gone all trollopy. Now I’m so embarrassed I can’t even face him without my face flaming up. Wishing for the nth time in my life that I had the powers of de-materialization, I swing around and come face-to-face with…the stranger from the bar!
He steps closer and smiles confidently. “Wanna dance?”
I take a wary step back and shake my head. “Err…no, thanks. I have to go.” I turn to move away but then he puts his hand on my shoulder. My wariness instantly turns to alarm as I realize he's not one to give up that easily. He comes in front to face me now and persists, “Oh, come on. Just one dance?”
I’m contemplating whether to kick him on the shin or just throw a hissy fit when a voice booms from behind. “Get your hands off of her!”
The guy immediately steps away and puts his hands up in surrender. But even as he does that, that irritating smile doesn’t leave his face. I step back while the lecher finally turns and goes back to the bar. My back hits something solid and I spin around. It’s Neil. He holds me by my shoulders and looks at me, his brow furrowed. “Kari, are you okay?
Okay? Fine. Excellent. Terrific. And FYI I’m not a darn porcelain doll. I can take care of myself. Of course instead of saying any of those sensible snarky things, I smile goofily and say the stupidest, most inappropriate thing that has ever come out of my mouth, “Just a little hot.”
I watch as the worry leaves his face and something else replaces it entirely. Heat. His gaze travels down my front and back up to my eyes. Then he gives me this slow, sexy smile.
“I wouldn’t say little,” he says.
I’m sure I look like a basted turkey right then, what with the sweat oozing from my pores and the red hot blush spreading across my face and neck. It only gets worse as his smile stretches into a full blown grin, the potency of which is killing. As Neil clasps my hand and leads me towards the bar, I wonder about this strange turn of events. From almost being mauled to being willingly chaperoned, this was turning out to be quite the evening.
I glug down an entire glass of water and then get conscious of how Neil’s eyes are still watching my every move. I put the glass down firmly and wipe my face with the back of my hand. Okay. Time to make an exit. Only at that exact moment, Josiah’s band starts playing this song. It’s one of my favorites. The beat is edgy, fun and really, really groovy. I feel a cool breath of air on my shoulder. “Dance with me?” Neil says in my ear.
Oh, whatdahell! One dance wouldn’t kill me! Not with him smelling like that. Spice, lemon and ice. I take a deep breath and nod my head. Neil grins and takes my hand, leading me towards the dance floor.
We start dancing and damn this guy. He starts swinging it like Travolta and grinding it like Swayze, while all I can do is stare at him with my mouth agape, trying my best to ignore the blatant lustful looks being thrown at him by all the people surrounding us. And when I say people, I mean people. Both girls and guys.
With a sudden tug, he pulls me towards him and our bodies collide. “Let it go, Angel,” he whispers in my ear as his fingers graze my bare waist and hook into my jeans. I put my hands on his hard biceps and gasp as my breasts press against his chest. And then we start moving. With his thigh between my legs, he guides my body into a rhythm that is wild, erotic and fun. As I lose myself to the beat of the music, my hands trail up his arms to twine around his neck. With his face an inch apart from mine, eyes unwavering, he tracks my each and every move. He dips me, brings me up, holds me close and never lets go. When the song finishes, I don’t know how long we’ve been dancing, I just know that I’ll never be the same again. Can a single dance change someone’s life? Because it certainly feels like it’s changed mine.
Till now, I’d thought the last year of my life had tainted me forever. But all that seems like such a blip now. My body feels sensual, feral and in complete abandon of any self-loathing or insecurity. And though she be but little, she is fierce. The line comes to me and I smile at the inappropriateness of quoting Shakespeare after just having finished a bout of dirty dancing, no matter how life-changing it had been.
“Just for that smile, Angel.” I look up to see Neil gazing down at me with a soft look in his eyes. And that's when I realize. We’re at the edge of an almost deserted dance floor and the music has stopped. Then I realize something else. I’m still joined from chest to hip with Neil’s lean and hard body. I immediately unwind my arms from around his neck and wriggle away from him. He lets me go but then holds my hands instead. What had he said? Just for that smile? Oh God! I’m completely and totally done for.
I look up at him and he says, “Come with me?”
“Where?”
“Trust me?” And I want to. I really do want to. But it’s too soon. Just too soon.
I let his hand go and shake my head. “I have to get back home.”
He cocks his head to one side and after staring at me for a few seconds, he finally says, “As you wish, Angel.”
Then he leads me to the restroom and waits for me right outside while I get my coat.
Riding back home on Neil's bike, I feel a bit like Cinderella. The party’s over and my cellar awaits.
As Neil parks the bike in front of my home, I realize the street’s completely deserted and there’s no one around. The only distant sounds are of the traffic from one of the main roads beyond. It suddenly occurs to me that I’ve never been alone outside so late ever in my life. And also something else. I've never been so happy and so sad, right at the same time. I lock this precious memory away in that place in my heart. That place which is still a fledgling. Just beginning to stack up.
Before the melancholy of the moment overtakes me, I hop off Neil's bike and stand on the sidewalk. “Thanks…for tonight,” I stutter as he takes the helmet from my outstretched hand. “It was really…awesome.”
He starts to take off his helmet while I keep spluttering and waving my hands in the air. “I mean really, really spectacular,” I finish lamely, fully aware that I haven’t done any justice to what he gave me tonight.
Then I feel his arm snaking around my waist and pulling me towards him. It’s an unexpected touch and even though it's not unwanted, my body still resists. Neil pulls back a bit and looks at me.
“I…I…” I want to tell him I feel conflicted but I do want this...I really do want this. Every fiber of my body is calling out to him yet my mind defies the need. I open my mouth again to say something, when he suddenly smiles at me. Then he reaches inside his jacket and pulls his mask out. Oh!
He puts his Batman mask back on and once he’s done, he cocks his head. “You wanted to thank me?” he says through thin pursed lips.
I beam at him and whip on my mask as well. We stand there grinning at each other for a moment and this time when his arms surround me, my body willingly goes where he wants to take me. Because it’s a really good place to be.
His lips breathing right on top of mine, his nose grazing my cheek and the scruff of his cheek nibbling my nose. Seconds pass and he doesn’t kiss me. I inch closer to him. Bringing my lips that much closer to his and just when I think he won't, his lips claim mine and I’m lost in a wave of sensations. Soft, patient, restrained, stoking and then unhinged, urgent and devouring. My lips part as I come up for breath and his tongue delves right in to caress my mouth. I moan as the wave hits me again. My fingers roam through his hair helplessly as his tongue strokes my body into a need so desperate that I lose all inhibition. My hands drift under his jacket. With one bold movement, I pull out his shirt and glide my hands under it, roaming over his hard pecs, his taut stomach. And still it’s not enough. I’m just drifting my hands lower to the waistband of his jeans when I hear the front door creak.
“Kari?” my Mom’s voice calls out firmly. Neil immediately jerks away but he doesn’t let go of me completely. Holding my hand, he hops off his bike, puts it on the stand and then we both turn towards my Mom. She’s standing on the doorway in her snowy bathrobe with her mad-as-a-hatter look. I can’t believe she came out in this cold to get me. In her bathrobe. And her pink flip-flops.
“I think you’d be warmer inside. And by you, I mean you. Alone. Inside.”
God! Could she be more obvious? Then again. Her reaction isn’t totally uncalled for. She caught me trying to disrobe a guy, on the street, right in front of our house!
“Mom, this is Neil. He’s Agnas’s son. Neil, this is my Mom.”
Mom’s eyebrows go up for a second as she takes in Neil’s Batman mask and his dubious lineage. But then she quickly marshals her expression. Her convent schooling has long ago whipped out any tactlessness that the rest of us may be prone to.
“Really? How nice! Won’t you come in?” she asks Neil. Her smile is a little too wide to be sincere and I hope in my heart that I’m the only one who can make that out.
“No, Ma’am, I should be on my way home but…thank you.” I see my Mom’s eyebrows shoot up again when he addresses her as Ma’am. Then she smiles softly and I let out the breath I've been holding.
“I’ve got to go check up on Agnas,” Neil says and I wince. Uh-oh. Just when he’d been doing so well. A progeny referring to their pro-creator by their first name is never a good thing. At least not in my Mom’s books. Neil turns to me. The back of his hand brushes my cheek and he murmurs, “Goodnight, Angel.” And then he’s off.
I watch as he rides away but instead of turning left towards his Mom’s house, he passes it and turns the corner. Maybe he parks the bike somewhere else? Maybe he’s going back to the club? But then why didn’t he remove his mask and wear a helmet? Or maybe I’m just an effing idiot for having forgotten all about Ms. Stiletto. The thought is gut-wrenching. Then I realize I’m just standing there looking at an empty street while Mom is probably glaring holes into my skull right about…now. I turn slowly and without looking at her, walk inside the house, scrambling to enter my room to evade the inquisition that’s sure to come. But no such luck. Even in her flip-flops, Mom is faster than a fox on a kill.
“Angel?” Mom says with a smirk and I cringe. She heard him. Damn!
“Who does he think he is? Clint Eastwood? Wayne on Batmobile?!”
“Mom! Cut it out!”
“No, really. And what was that all about?”
I feign complete ignorance. “What was what all about?”
Mom cocks up an eyebrow at me, “Really? This is your mother you’re talking to.”
I give a deep sigh and slump on the bed. Mom comes and sits next to me.
After a few seconds, she asks softly, “You like him?”
I flop back on the bed and stare at the ceiling. “I’m not sure.”
“Not sure? You could have fooled me! If I hadn’t come out in time, you might have stripped him down to his undies, right in the middle of the street!”
“Jheezzus! Mom!” I shriek as I cover my face with my hands. “Stop it!”
Mom lies down next to me and we both stare at the ceiling in complete silence.
“Boys are like candy,” she suddenly says.
I grin. “Really, Mom? That’s your advice? Boys are like candy. What is that? Forrest Gump on teens?”
She clucks her tongue. “Hear me out, eager child.”
“Boys are like candy, you don’t swallow it too quickly, you don’t chew it. You taste it, test it, so if you don’t like it you can spit it right out. You don’t want to take in any of those wingnuts inside your body. Not unless it’s worth it.”
And there she goes again with her ‘your body is a temple’ convent-school drivel.
“But. If you do like it,” Mom says and pauses for effect. I turn to look at her and we lock eyes. “You dig your teeth right in, chew the heck out and swallow the pulp. Leave nothing behind.” Then she bounces off the bed and leaves me lying there, shocked and awed.
“Christ!” I mumble to my empty room. At least now I know where I get my psychosis from.

Chapter Seven

The next day a girl comes and sits right beside me in my Economics class. I’ve never seen her before but I can't be sure. I haven’t really paid that much attention to my collegiate classmates in the last few months.
The girl’s got long blonde hair with an elongated sharp edge on one side and the blackest black eyes.
“Hey, are you wearing So Low Pants?” she whispers to me when Mr. Toledo turns his back to us.
I wonder if she’s right. Mom has been shopping for me lately. I think she thinks of it as thrifty therapy sessions. I decide to go along with it. “Umm...I think so.”
“Wow. You must be loaded! That’s some expensive shit!”
“Nah. It’s just my Mom trying to live vicariously through me.”
“Gecko! You got one of those too?”
We break up as Mr. Toledo resumes his lecture and in the next twenty minutes I realize the other girl’s as copious a note-taker as I am. When the class ends, she extends her long, slender fingers towards me. Then I realize she’s holding a post-it in them.
“That’s my number and e-mail. I'm Tatiana.”
I take the post-it and shelve it inside my book. “Thanks! I’m Kari.”
“Mail me your schedule and I’ll swap mine. I think I’ve seen you in two of my other classes as well. We can hang out sometime or maybe form a support group?” Tatiana face breaks out in a grin. “Daughters against shopaholic mothers?”
I chuckle and nod my head. “Sounds like a plan.”
We wave our goodbyes and part ways. In the afternoon, I realize that we do share History and Math.
Tatiana sits right next to me in both the classes. Who knows? Maybe I’ve finally managed to befriend someone after Ian and Becky? I completely lost touch with them after school. Truthfully speaking, even before that. And just today morning, I’d gotten up to a fresh reminder about why. A text message from Eddie. C U Friday.
Maybe he was checking whether there’d been any truth to my last outburst.
Feeling disappointed that he didn’t really believe my threat and also pathetically relieved that he hadn’t done anything about it, I had been a twisted knot of emotions till I’d met Tatiana today.
Now walking back to the shop, I feel another anxiety creeping up my back. How will I face Neil after that kiss last night? After he drove around the block and dove right into Ms. Stiletto’s panties?
As I open the door, Nalini greets me a bright and cheery welcome. “Hey slut!”
I glare her a warning and head over to the coffee machine. But there's no shirking her off. She comes right behind me.
“Saw you getting all hot and heavy with the boss’ son last night? Any achy body parts I should know about?”
“Nalini!”
“What?! Don’t go coy on me now. I want all the details. Frequency, props, kinks and junk. Spill it!”
I stand there with my mouth open, trying to blank out the pornographic images she’s painted in my mind. Nalini looks at me for a second, then her shoulders slump and she hangs her head. “You didn’t do it!”
“No!”
“Not even a kiss?!” she asks in dismay and I immediately avert my eyes to the steaming cup of coffee in my hand.
“Aha! Tongue, nibbling, petting, caressing? Spill it!”
I smile at her sweetly and with my lips sealed, walk out to the shop floor.
“Alright minx, be that way. I’m not spilling anything either. And trust me, with Josiah and I there’s a lot of spilling involved.”
Putting my cup down, I hold my hands over my ears. “Christ! Just stop it! I don’t want to hear about it!”
The stairwell door swings open and Neil walks right in. He stops in his tracks as he sees me covering my ears. Then that damning slow smile of his covers his face and it’s like my face isn’t even in my control anymore. It involuntarily breaks into a wide grin. He starts walking towards me and I realize I’m still standing there covering my ears. I put my hands down hastily just as he comes to stand right in front of me. Close. Too Close.
Will he try to act like last night never happened? Will he just gloss over the fact that he left to get second helpings? My heart goes defensive. Maybe he was just going for a ride? An errand? Or maybe I’ll end up with a broken heart. That and a sex tape. Great accomplishments so far, Kari! I close my eyes, cringing at that horrible thought.
“What’s wrong?!” I hear him ask.
I open my eyes and take a deep breath. Then I answer him in a chirpy voice, “Oh! Nothing at all!”
But Neil doesn’t buy it. “Can I talk to you for a minute?” he asks and then walks off outside the shop.
“Lovers spat?” Nalini quips brightly as I grudgingly follow Neil's tracks. I fix her with a stink-eye as I step out.
Neil’s leaning against the wall with his hands in his pockets and a big frown on his face. My eyes trail his movements as he lifts one hand and rubs the back of his neck. I stare at dark stubble shadowing his cheeks, the cleft on his chin and the rest of his deliciously rugged unkemptness.
“So, what changed?” he says without looking up.
I snap right back to reality. “You mean what changed after you left to visit Ms. Stiletto?” I retort without thinking. The words just fly out of my mouth.
He raises his eyes to look at me. “Ms. Stiletto?!”
Oh, okay. If he’s going to be like that. I could spell it out for him, right and proper. “The one you were having the full on lurve action with, against that very wall,” I say, pointing to the brick wall across the street. Neil stares at me for a second and then…bursts out laughing! WTF?!
“You’re cute!” he says, shaking his head. Okay, that was totally not the response I was looking for. I clench my teeth and turn to walk away when he grabs my hand.
“Hang on. Let me explain. That day? That girl? She’s my childhood buddy.”
I smirk at him. “Really? And do you jump all your childhood friends or is she precious?”
Neil shakes his head again and places his hands on my shoulders. Then he grins and I feel an intense need to just knee him in his privates. That cute cleft on his chin notwithstanding.
“We were doing a lipdub for our studio!” he says and then raises his eyebrows at me, as if he’s just outed the greatest secret in the world. When he doesn’t get a reaction, he frowns. “You do know what that is?”
“Of course, I do! But that involves a whole bunch of people. And let’s not forget, people actually trying to sync to a song and not trying to eat each other’s face!”
“There were other people down the street. Didn’t you see her running off to complete the rest of the song?”
I frown, trying to recollect any such thing. To be honest he could be right. I’d been too embarrassed that day about prying into someone’s private moment and I remember turning away, right after he’d pulled off from her. After that, she could have been beamed up into space and I would’ve missed it.
I bite my lips and reply hesitantly, “I don’t know.”
“Of course, you don’t,” he says and that sets me off again.
“I am not naive!” Then something sick uncoils in my stomach. “At least…not anymore,” I finish on a whisper and then clench my eyes shut. The nerves in my head are throbbing and it feels like they're about to explode. I realize I haven’t eaten anything since yesterday’s sandwich just as my knees give way and the darkness under my eyelids turns into a mass of swirling black tunnels.
A sharp bright light suddenly seeps in through the darkness and I raise my hand to shield myself from it. I hear someone calling my name. “Kari?” I look to my right and focus on the face peering back at me. Neil? Why does he look so worried? And why am I lying down? Christ! Did I just faint?! I sit upright and wince as that sudden movement swings, what seems to be, a brick lodged inside my skull.
“Easy, Kari,” I hear Neil say as I look around trying to find my bearings. Then I look at him crouched right next to me. There's that damnable concern written all over his face again. My heart melts. He’s good people. Too good for me to be dumping my crappy baggage all over him.
“I’m okay,” I mumble and try to get up but Neil stops me with his hand on my elbow.
“No, you’re not,” he says sternly. “Sit right here. Nalini is getting some water for you. Have you eaten anything since last night?”
I shake my head and his jaw visibly clenches. “Dinner?” he asks.
I shake my head again and he exhales deeply.
Nalini comes rushing towards me, bearing a glass of water in her hands. After I gulp it down, I face the stern glares being thrown in my direction. Then a wayward thought enters my head. “Hey, deja vu!” I quip.
Both Nalini and Neil give me blank looks, probably wondering whether they need to call the loony bin. Did Nalini just edge towards the phone or is it just my imagination? I try my best to explain, “Remember, we had this exact same situation? When I drank that shit-scalding coffee and you got me water?” But Nalini doesn't get it and keeps looking at me like my brain is mashed. Then she turns to Neil.
“Maybe her body was so starved, it ate up her brain,” she tells Neil who puts a finger on his lips and gives me a thoughtful look.
“Possible. Even so, I’ll get her a BLT. If nothing else, we’ll get a new rendition of a foodgasm out of her,” he says and then turns to leave the shop.
While Nalini snickers, I glare at Neil’s retreating figure. The over-considerate sarcastic…asshat!
The door shuts and Nalini comes to sit beside me. “I hope you haven’t been storked up,” she says.
I gasp. “Christ! Nalini! Stop saying such things!”
“If you promise to stop stripping him every time you look at him.”
“I do NOT!”
Nalini shrugs. “Heck! It’s okay by me. Specially, since he seems to be returning the favor. Maybe you guys should just find a room and get all these come-hump-me looks over with.”
Before I can respond, the door opens. Probably our first customer for the day. No. It’s just Josiah.
“Baby,” he says happily as his eyes rest on Nalini and she doesn’t waste a moment in jumping and mounting him. They kiss with abandon. Like there’s no one else watching, no one else left in the world. It’s just him, her and their lips. It’s a beautiful thing to experience. A painful thing to watch.
When he finally puts her down on the floor, his face is flushed with elation and satisfaction. I think of doing the whole gagging thing but then I realize  it would be pointless to tease them. Their love is just too real, too natural to be mocked. I also realize that I’ve never felt so alone in my entire goddamn life. My life sucks.
“Ah! My competition’s here too!” Josiah says as he finally notices me.
Nalini shakes her head, making her short hair bounce and swing. “Oh no. Not anymore. She’s got the hots for someone else now. Traitor!”
Josiah perks up his eyebrows. “Really?”
The door swings open again and Neil appears with a big brown bag. Christ! This guy.
I see Nalini nudging Josiah and nodding towards Neil. Josiah’s face scrunches up as he assesses my supposed new love-interest.
Neil extends his hand to him. “Hey, man. Heard you last night. You guys were awesome.”
Josiah's face immediately lights up. “Thanks. Coming from you it means a lot.  Nalini here hasn’t shut up about you and your dance moves.” Then he casts an obvious glance in my direction. “Seems like you rocked someone’s boat last night.”
“Jesus Christ!” I spring up from the couch and point my finger at Josiah. “It’s bad enough that your girlfriend throws her dirty double talk at me all the time. Now you too?!”
Josiah scratches his ear and looks at me sheepishly while Neil chuckles. When I shift my eyes to glare at him, he straightens his face and quips, “I’m all on your side, Angel.”
My face reddens at his public use of that endearment. Nalini looks at me and her mouth forms a silent awww. I try to put on my best pissed off expression but one look at Neil’s face and I know I’m going to fail miserably. Damn that wicked, gorgeous smile.
I hear Josiah clearing his throat. “I think we’ll head out for a bit,” he says.
Nalini nods her head vigorously and before leaving gives me a not-so-subtle wink. Jheesuz!
After they've left, Neil bunks next to me on the couch and drops the brown bag in my lap.
“You didn’t have to do this,” I say.
“Next time you remember to feed yourself…I won’t have to. Now just open it, Kari.”
I open the bag and find two packets inside. I pick up the bigger one and find a delicious BLT tucked inside a disposable. Heavens be praised!
“I owe you,” I tell him with feeling.
“Yeah, you do,” he replies in a gruff voice. I ignore the tingles his gravelly tone sends up my spine and instead start to plunder through my sandwich, trying very little to tone down my gusto. After sniggering at my enthusiasm, Neil slides down the couch and closes his eyes. A few minutes later, his breathing gets steady. I should feel miffed that he chooses to snooze rather than witness my gastronomic gusto. But I don't. I'm much to busy chowing down the last few bits.
Once I'm done, I start to get curious about the other package. I reach inside the bag and look at the paper bag. It’s from a drugstore. Weird.
My curiosity heightened, I pry it open and peer inside. Oh mother of God! Why did he? Was I? Did he see? Ohmygawd. I jump off from the couch and head over to the bathroom. I quickly shut the door and just practice even breathing for a few seconds. This is beyond embarrassing. This is kill-me-quick-right-now. This is…mortifyingly humiliating.
I place the pack of tampons on the sink and with trembling hands undo the buttons of my jeans. Then I glower at the tell-tale patch that has dared to leak through and given me the most disgraceful moment of my life. After I plug the thing in, I think of how I’m going to walk out and face Neil. Oh why do I have these awful things happening to me right when he’s around?
I slowly open the bathroom door and peer out. My eyes go straight to the couch and rest on Neil's prostate form. He's still napping. Yes! Thank you God! I quietly walk across to the coat hanger, put on my coat and walk out of the shop. Then I all but run to my house, dash into my room and replace my sodden pair of jeans and panties for fresh ones.
When I get back to the shop, I find Neil busy talking to a girl. A walk-in?
“You can choose something from the design sheets if you haven’t made up your mind.” Then he nods at me. “This is Kari. She’s the one.”
I still as I hear the last sentence because even though it sounds completely casual, the look in his eyes is anything but.
“Oh, awesome! The one with the magic swirl!” the girl gushes as she turns towards me. Strawberry blonde, glossy lips, designer clothes and over-exposed boobs swing smack in my face. “Awesome!” she shrieks again and swings back towards Neil. Bitch.
“I’m still bummed that you’re not the one doin’ it,” she says in a sugary baby-voice that makes my skin crawl.
Aww. Triple trollopy…bitch.
God! What’s wrong with me? He’s not mine to fight over. Stupid infantile behavior.
“I already have a design in my mind. Where do we begin?!” the bosomy blonde asks while still directing her questions to Neil.
She did realize I’ll be the one with the needle? Just a few inches deeper and…Christ! My professionalism just rotted away into gooey green grunge.
“Right here.” Neil walks the girl over to the bed-table and I get busy preparing my tools.
When he starts to go back to the counter the girl reaches out and clasps his hand. “Hey, would you mind if you held my hand through this.” She flutters her fake lashes and pouts her coated lips. “I’m a little scared.” This tramp cannot be believed! Bitch, let go of his hand!
I watch as Neil pulls his hand away and smiles gently. “You have no reason to worry. Kari is the best there is.” Then he walks away to the counter. Seriously. I could so kiss him right now! 
“So the design I want is a heart with a crossbow in it. You know, like the cupid thing with the red heart and a golden crossbow,” she rattles off, all in one breath.
“You mean a heart with an arrow through it?” I ask.
She gives me a blank look. “That’s what I said. Why? Too hard?” The for you is right there, very clearly implied in her tone.
God. Is she for real? I smile politely at her. “Not at all. Let’s get started. This will sting a bit, okay?”
Without waiting for her response I plug in the machine and start my work. It barely takes an hour and once I’m done, her brain-numbing moans and whimpers stop as well. At first, I thought she was really feeling the pain. The swell of the breast is a painful place to get a tattoo but then I realized every time Neil was walking by or close enough, her moans got louder and her whimpers more suggestive. Then I really wished I could have given her a reason to moan about!
After fawning over Neil while paying the bill, she finally leaves and I let out a deep sigh of relief. Some people have their own hell to deal with. Others? They make one especially for you.
“So that was interesting, huh?” Neil walks towards me, scratching his head and all my previous embarrassment rushes towards me in a huge swamping tidal wave. I start fumbling through the various bits and bobs that I have to stow away, until they all go splattering on the floor.
“Hey!” Neil hurries to unplug the machine which has started buzzing and hopping wildly on the floor.
Like a madwoman, I scuttle through the various bottles and packets strewn on the floor until I manage to collect them all. Then I place everything under the counter. As I straighten up, I startle because Neil is standing right behind me. Close. Too close.
I suck in a breath and turn to look up at his face. He places his palm softly on my cheek and I wince at the contact.
“Angel, what’s the matter?”
“Nothing…I…I just…thank you for…earlier.”
He scrunches his face. “What is this? Are you embarrassed?”
I avert my eyes but Neil insists gently, “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable, Kari. I was just looking out for you.”
I nod my head and risk meeting his eyes. “Yeah, well. Thank you for…looking out for me.”
“Anytime, Angel,” he says and his face breaks into a smile.
I cock my head to the side and decide this is the best time to make things clear. Instead what comes out of my mouth is this, “You know as per mythology, Angels were actually men who were sent down by God as messengers? So when you say Angel, it’s like you’re calling me a dude.”
Neil looks at me for a few seconds and then he throws his head back and bursts out laughing. And just like before, it’s a beautiful thing to witness. Like an unexpected burst of sunshine on a cloudy rainy day.
After a few minutes, as he’s wiping his tears he says, “Though that precious little narrative will now forever be at the back of my head, you’ll always be Angel to me…you don’t know what you’ve done…you’ve saved me.” His eyes droop low as he says the last line and my breath hitches. The inexplicable pull between us is hard to deny. It’s something elemental. Untamed. Something that connects my very core to his, in a way that cannot be denied. Impossible to resist.
He leans his face close to mine and I meet his lips half way through. He doesn’t assert his kiss. Soft brushes and sweet strokes. He keeps it restrained and I have no option left but to press my body smack against his, my hands fisting through his hair and my tongue diving into his mouth. My body starts thrumming with the beat of his heart and that's when I feel him lose his careful control. His hands crush me to him, moving down my back until he lifts me and puts me up on the counter. I clasp my legs around his torso and he breaks from my lips to mutter in a hoarse voice, “Tighter, Angel.”
I clinch my legs tighter around him and his lips slam into mine again. My belly squeezes as his kisses get harder, more demanding. His hand grips my ass, squeezing it roughly and I can’t hold back the moan that escapes my mouth. Then his hips grind into me and my back bucks. His hungry hands skim up my thighs, belly and then my breasts. When his hand cups me, I whimper with a need so stark I’m sure I’m going to lose my mind.
“Oh! I’m so sorry!”
I jerk away from Neil and we both turn to look at our previous customer standing at the doorstep. She looks anything but sorry. Raving fuming rage is more the expression she should have gone for. If this had been anime, little puffy clouds of smoke would have been coming out of her ears right about now.
“I forgot my bag,” she says with a pout. Then she stomps off to the couch and picks up her bag which I hadn’t even noticed before!
Without looking at either of us, she heads out the door and bangs it shut behind her.
A startled second later, a giggle escapes me but then I turn to look at Neil and realize I’m still clinging to him. Close. Too Close. This is not right. He doesn’t even know. He should never know. I place a hand on his chest and press him back. I need to get out of here right now. How could I forget everything?! How could I fucking forget?!
“I think…I need…”
“Me,” he says firmly and grasps my chin in his hands. He pulls my face up, making me look into his eyes. “You need me, Angel.”
“No. I need to go. This is not…right.” He raises an eyebrow and I try to pull myself away but his grip on my chin tightens.
“What’s wrong, Kari? Is it that guy? Has he hurt you?” I see his jaw clench and I press harder on his chest. “Please…” I whimper and he lets go immediately. I hop off the desk and make a dash towards the bathroom.
“I’ll kill that bastard.” I hear him mutter and I halt right in my tracks. Then I swing back to face him. “No, Neil. It’s not like that. He hasn’t hurt me but…he can. Just…just don’t talk to him, okay? And about what just happened, I’m sorry. This was a mistake.”
Before he can say anything, I turn and quickly lock myself in the bathroom. I stand there leaning against the door for a long time. Then I bump my forehead hard with my fist. What in God’s name will I do?!
Okay, I have to think this through. First, I have to avoid getting into a situation with Neil at all costs. And second, I can’t stand the thought of him getting to know about that sleazy video. I cringe as a memory of it flashes before my eyes. No. He can never ever see that. And if he can’t see it, I can never get close to him. Ever.
No game, no foul. Yes. That should be my strategy. I take a deep breath and head out of the bathroom fully prepared for a face-off. But Neil’s not even there! Nalini is leaning on the counter instead, tapping away on the laptop. And as she notices me, she exclaims, ““Wohoo!! Sexual encounters of the illicit kind.”
When I cock up an eyebrow, she points to my shirt in explanation.
I look down and realize my top buttons are all undone, exposing a sizable portion of my plain white bra. “Oh no! Jesus!”
She chuckles. “Shouldn’t it be ‘Oh no, Neil’?” I roll my eyes at her but the normality of our banter does manage to calm me. Who needed love, complications…emotions? Really, who does?
I practice on my design sheets till closing time and thankfully, Nalini lets me be. No probing questions or digging for info. I can tell she’s curious about what’s happening between Neil and me. She keeps giving me glances in between her daily filing work but I ignore it and just hope Neil won’t decide to re-appear again before closing. He doesn’t. When it’s time to shut down, I help Nalini wrap things up, close down the shutters and then while she goes up the side-door to give the keys to Agnas, I head home.

Chapter Eight

Tatiana and I are sitting across from each other in the cafeteria,  focusing on the food in our trays. We’ve barely taken two bites when a guy thunks down on the chair right beside Tatiana. He’s got short spiked hair and is wearing a grey hoodie with jeans.
I watch curiously as Tatiana doesn’t even register his presence, at least not until he leans over and swipes the barely-eaten pizza slice from her tray.
“Hey! Give that back, you pig!” she exclaims and tries to reach out for the slice which the guy now holds in his arm, stretched far out of her reach. His sleeves ride up and I notice a large tribal tattoo on his wrist.
“Hot damn babe! I love it when you call me names,” he says around a mouthful of Tatiana's lunch. She stops trying to get at the slice which is already fast disappearing down his mouth and leans back with her arms crossed.
“A-hole! How’s that for a name?” she says.
The guy places his other hand on his chest and scrunches up his face, as if in pain. “You get me, babe. You’re the only one who does.” Then he looks at me and waggles his eyebrows. “Who’re you?”
I bob my head between Tatiana and him, wondering if I should pass on my name to this seriously suspect person. But maybe I’m wrong about him because Tatiana doesn’t hesitate a second before outing me.
“Kari. We’ve got three classes together and she’s my new best friend,” she says and I smile appreciatively at her directness.
Then she looks at me and points to the guy. “Danny. Pig, a-hole, BF.”
Danny bows his head in mock courtesy. “It’s a pleasure to meet you me-lady," he says, gives me a wide grin and then goes back to his chomping.
I smile back at him. “Where did you get the tattoo?”
He swallows down the bite in his mouth and answers, “Chicago.”
“Chicago?!” I ask.
“Yup. I worked in an ad agency there for a year before starting college.”
“Wow. That sounds awesome.”
“Yeah. It was.” He nudges Tatiana and she bites down on her lip to keep from smiling.
“What?” I ask, feeling left-out of their private joke.
“I met him during that year. I was visiting my Gramps and I rescued him from the experimental chicken casseroles she was inflicting on her handsome new neighbor. I think my Gramps took the 'love thy neighbor' decree a bit too seriously.”
Danny hugs her to himself. “My knight in bling and boobies.”
I laugh as Tatiana elbows him in the chest. “Stop it! I’ll puke on you!” Then she suddenly turns towards me. “Hey, you got a boyfriend?” My laughter dies abruptly and she notices it, even though I try to recover the situation with a smile.
“Uh, no.”
Sensing my discomfort, she deflects, “Oh, trust me. You’re way better off without one. Just unnecessary distractions.” Danny tightens his hold on her and she swats playfully at his shoulder. Yup, way better off.
After an uneventful subway ride back home, just as I’m about to enter the shop, a hand lands on my shoulder.
“Why the rush?” a snide voice remarks.
My whole body jolts as if a spike was just driven down my spine. I turn and see the usual smug smile sitting on Eddie's stupid face. A smile that comes from knowing he still has a hold over me. A smile that makes me want to tear his eyes right out of his face.
“None of your fucking business,” I snap at him through clenched teeth and shake off his hand.
He raises his eyebrows and puts his hands up in mock surrender. “Easy there. What’s gotten into you lately? I don’t remember you being so feisty. Could have spiced things up that last time.”
My hand comes up of its own accord and slaps that self-satisfied look right off his face. And I do it so hard, my palm actually stings from the impact. His face swings right back and I can tell I just made a huge mistake. He’s easily the stronger opponent and the anger I see flaming in his eyes, means this situation is sure to get out of control.
My eyes widen as I see him raising his fist in a punch. Bracing for the impact, I suck in a deep breath and dig my heels into the ground. But the blow never comes. Instead I see his body lifting into the air and being hurled across to land on the pavement with a loud, sickening crunch. A broad set of shoulders obstructs my view. Neil.
The next few minutes feel like I’m watching some freaky action movie. Fists flying, punches landing and bones slamming.
I think I should interrupt. What if Neil gets hurt? But then as I watch him tackle Eddie, I realize Neil has it all under control. And after a few minutes, Eddie gets the message as well. He gets up and starts backing off. But before leaving , he throws a look at me. One look that makes the promise of a thousand daggers flying my way. Then he turns and leaves.
I watch Eddie go and realize this is it. It’s as good as out now. It’s over. My life is…over.
“Are you okay, Kari?” I hear Neil asking me. Are you okay? Is he kidding me?! What is it with boys? Why do they think they have a right to get angry for a girl’s affronted dignity? Why couldn’t he have trusted me to handle it? I could have handled that blow. And then I could have pressed charges against him. I would have had evidence. Irrefutable, undeletable evidence. I could have finally fucking brought him down to his knees. No. I’m so not okay.
“Do you know what you’ve done?!” I shriek and Neil winces. Then I notice. There is a dark red bruise under his eye and a cut on his lower lip. And there’s blood oozing out of it. Christ!
“Oh my God! Come inside.” I grab Neil's hand, dragging him inside or maybe he lets me.
As Neil leans against the counter, I get the antiseptic and the antibiotic ointment we use for tats. Then I start applying them both one-by-one on all his cuts and bruises. Clean and apply. Clean and apply. Jesus! How many are there?!
“That was totally unnecessary,” I say as I dab the ointment under his eye. I feel the weight of his eyes as they land on my face.
“Unnecessary?” he asks quietly.
“Yes, I could have handled him. Now…I’ve got a bigger problem!” I blurt out without thinking.
“What bigger problem?”
I purse my lips and quickly finish off doctoring his wounds. As I turn to keep everything back, Neil grips my elbow.
“What problem, Angel?” Jheezus! How can he still call me that?! He just saw me come close to being punched in the face by a guy!
“Nothing. As I said, I can handle it.” His grip doesn’t loosen. “I can handle it!!” I shriek and the blatant lie of that statement strikes something deep inside. I lose it. Tears turn into sobs and then wracking heaving crying. He holds me to himself and I keep my face buried in his shoulder. I let it all go. The shame, the guilt, the fear. It flows out of me in torrents. I cry till there is nothing left inside of me. Till I feel empty and numb.
“Angel, you’re killing me here,” he says softly as his fingers rub soothing circles on my lower back. “What’s wrong?”
“It’s…o-over,” I say in-between sobs, keeping my face buried in his shoulder.
“What’s over?” he asks and says something else which I don’t catch. I’m too caught up in the horror that is soon going to be my world.
“He’s going to put out the video. Everyone will see it,” I murmur feeling empty but also strangely relieved. Even if Eddie puts it out on the net, at least I won’t have to live in constant dread anymore. It’s finally truly over. Then I realize  Neil’s body has gone rigid beside me. The hand that had been stroking my head a few seconds back, is now unmoving and digging almost painfully into my scalp.
“What video?” I hear him hiss. His anger is a palpable force that hits me straight in the gut. I whimper under the pain of his contempt and his fingers immediately loosen. His voice softens a notch. “What…video?”
I wince at the scorn that is about to be lashed at me. But still. I have to tell him. I can’t build this on lies. But then. Maybe it shouldn’t matter? Maybe I could just go with the flow and tell him it’s something embarrassing. Like one of those videos where someone happens to catch someone naked, or something silly like that. I don’t need to tell him all the details. I know it shouldn’t matter. But it does. Dammit. It does.
“A sex video,” I whisper but I know he catches it because his whole body jerks as if he was just landed a punch. Still I don’t stop. I keep going. “My first time. He recorded it and he’s been blackmailing me ever since. Maybe it’s already out there on the net.” I stop and suck in a deep breath, letting the relief of the confession wash through me. This is the first time I’ve ever told anyone.
Neil doesn’t say anything and the silence makes me look up at his face. Jaw clenched, lips pursed and his gaze sharp but he’s not looking at me. It’s like he’s seeing something beyond me which is making him furious. I stay still and watch his face till the rage simmers down, till the throbbing pulse on his neck returns to normal, till his hold on me slackens. I take that as my cue. It’s over. This is over. I start to move away when he tightens his arms around me again.
“Where are you going?” I look up at his face with my nose stinging and my eyes bleary. And then he says something which tears me up from the inside all over again. “You know it’s not your fault.”
A strangled sob escapes my mouth and I duck, trying to hide my face in his shoulder. He grasps my chin and stops me. When our eyes reconnect, he continues, “He is a dick and he tricked you. It was not anything you did, said or wore. It’s just something that was out of your control. You know that, don’t you?”
His sincerity snaps something inside me and once again, I am reduced to being a blubbering, shaking mass. Thankfully, he lets me sink into his embrace and I all but cling to him. His solidity centers me and the hysterics go away after some time. I don’t know how long we stand there like that. All I know is he doesn’t hate me. He doesn’t hate me! He knows and…he doesn’t hate me!
“I’ve got your back now. You don’t have to be afraid of that dick anymore.”
I smile through the tears but my joy soon stems as he utters the next line. “We’ll go to the police and they’ll sort him out.”
I jerk away from him and shriek, “No! No police!”
Neil’s taken aback by my response. “Why not?”
I shake my head violently. “They can’t do anything. They never do anything. He’ll delete everything before they even find it…and he didn’t force me…they won’t be able to prove anything…they won’t be able to punish him and…and everybody will think I’m a slut!”
Panting with the anxiety bubbling inside me, I watch Neil as he closes his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose. But then he opens his eyes again and as his gaze lands on me, his face softens. He reaches his hand out to pull me back towards him and his arms envelop me again.
“Now you have to listen to me, Kari,” he says softly. “This guy is an asshole and you have got to report him. They will get him. If he deletes the video, those guys can dig out the trail. And even if everything fails and they can’t find the video, those guys can still get him for blackmail, a punishable offense in itself! You have nothing to fear.”
I look at his face, understand his words and let their meaning sink in. Then I ask him the only thing that's really bothering me. “If you see it…” My voice is throttled by the lump lodged in my throat but I power on. “If you see it, will you think less of me?”
Neil cups my chin and makes me look up at him. The hard lines of his jaw are relaxed and his eyes have a softness in them that fills me with warmth. “Peel it away, Angel. Let go of the shame, the guilt. It’s not you. And even if I’m ever made to see the video, it won’t change anything. It won’t change the way I look at you. You don’t know what finding you at this point in my life…what it has done. There is a reason I call you my Angel. You’ve saved me.”
He holds me to himself and I’m too overtaken by the depth of the moment to wonder about the meaning behind his words. Words he’d said once before.
I hold onto him, my arms wrapped around his neck so tight that it must hurt him. But maybe we’re both beyond caring. It’s like we can’t get close enough. I clench my legs around his and his hands move to my behind, lifting me up, wrapping me around him. I don’t even realize when we start kissing but when I come up for breath, for the first time in my life I feel really scared. Scared of having something in my life that is so perfect. Terrified of having it taken away from me.
How can you fall in love with someone you didn’t even know a few days back? How can you love them so much that the thought of leaving them, even for a few minutes, makes you hurt? Actually physically hurt.
“Oh! Fuck!” Someone shrieks and I jerk away from Neil. I turn my head towards the door and see Nalini standing there with a shocked expression on her face. Jesus! This is becoming old! Will people please stop interrupting the few good moments in my miserable sodden life?! Then I look around and realize where we are. Oh my God! Anybody could have seen us through the window display! And I'm still perched on top of the shop counter! What is wrong with me?! I unwrap my legs from around Neil and he grips my waist, letting my feet land gently on the floor.
“You guys cannot be left alone for even a second!” Nalini says as shakes her head and walks over to the coffee machine. “Just go on and do it already!” she exclaims dramatically, throwing her hands up in the air.
My cheeks heat up and Neil chuckles. “How about it, Angel?” he says under his breath and I can feel the warmth in my body spreading across all the way, everywhere.
How can everything be so normal? I just told him I have a sex video out there which could go public anytime! How could he still be looking at me this way?!
“Oh freeze it and bag it for the bedroom, guys!” Nalini shouts as she comes out of the kitchenette. “Josiah and I have the world rights for OTT PDA. Don’t try and steal our thunder.”
When she catches our mystified expressions, she elaborates, “Over-the-top public display of affection? Jeez!” She shakes her head and slumps in front of the laptop.
Neil and I look at each other and break into peals of laughter. All the drama that we’ve been through in the last hour leaks away into our mirth. Trust Nalini to turn the most intense moments into something hysterical. I thank her in my heart for lightening up the mood and then mellow down as I hear Neil laughing. Just watching him laugh with his beautiful eyes lighting up, his handsome face looking all ruddy, sexy. Just watching laugh like that and my heart feels full and happy. Then all of a sudden Neil bends his head and his lips brush over my ear. “If you keep looking at me like that, we will need a room,” he says.
I blush and Neil kisses my forehead. “I’ll be back,” he says before letting me go. Then he walks across the shop floor and disappears through the stairwell door.
I walk across to the counter in a blissful haze, as a conviction settles deep in my heart. It’s not over yet. No. It’s only just begun.
I’m still daydreaming when Nalini speaks up, “What exactly is wrong with Agnas?”
My haze clears up immediately. “What do you mean?” I ask.
Nalini frowns. “In the morning when you weren’t here, Agnas came down for a scheduled client and told him to book it again for when you’re here in the evenings. She asked me to do that for all her other appointments as well.”
I look at Nalini in shock. “Why would she do that?!”
“And not just that. She looked tired…worn out. I didn’t ask her coz I didn’t wanna intrude but something is definitely very, very wrong.”
I purse my lips and wonder. Since I’ve started working here, I’ve seen Agnas treat her shop like her baby. Now for almost a week, I haven’t even seen her on the shop floor. And shifting all her clients to me? What was that all about? Then I remember Neil’s exact words from before. Finding you at this point in my life…you’ve saved me. What did he mean?
Neil comes down an hour before closing time. He opens the stairwell door and I immediately notice the change in him. The carefree happiness is all gone. He looks wrung out and spent. Forgetting Nalini’s presence, I rush over to him and as he opens his arms, I sink into his embrace.
“I have to talk to you,” he whispers in my hair. It sounds ominous but I nod. We wear our coats and head out to the street. Just as I step outside, I share a worried look with Nalini.
The November air outside is chilly and I hold Neil's hands in mine to keep them warm. “She’s sick,” he says simply as we lean against the brick wall. “She’s really sick,” he repeats and then shuts his eyes. The anguish on his face is so stark, it stabs me straight in my heart. I rub his hands helplessly and draw him to myself. I rub his back, kiss the salt on the scruff of his cheeks, the bridge of his nose. But nothing I do can take away his pain. I have never felt so utterly helpless. Not even when I found out about my parents’ divorce. Not when I found out about the video. Never.
At least now I know what love is all about. Boundless joy, unending longing and a fuckload of heartache.
“You have to believe she’ll get better,” I whisper in his ears. “You have to believe it for her.”
He pulls away and looks straight in my eyes, “She’s got AIDS, Kari. She’s never getting better.”
I suck in a breath at his statement and bite my lip to stop myself from exclaiming. AIDS?! Jesus.
I try hard to sound hopeful. “Nothing is hard enough to beat, Neil. You have to be optimistic.” The consolation sounds fake, even to my own ears.
Eyes flashing, he snaps, “Optimistic? She runs a fucking tattoo shop. Do you have any idea how many people will come in once they find out the owner has AIDS?” He gives an ugly laugh. “Let me answer that for you. Z-e-r-o.”
His shoulders slump and my heart falters at hearing him sound so bitter, so broken.
With his head bent, Neil continues, “Thing is I don’t give a damn about the shop. But she does. This has been her dream and it will crush her if it closes. My Mom? When she was seventeen, she met a guy, ran away with him, got knocked up and had me. The asshole bailed on her. Her folks didn’t help her out so she brought me up all on her own. This…” he waves a hand at the shop, “…is what she’s worked for all her life.” Then he clasps his hands over his head, a wry smile playing on his lips. “Right now, the only thing that’s bothering her is not that she’s going to die. It’s that she’ll live to see her dream gutted and shut down! How fucked up is that?!”
“Then we’ll just have to make sure it doesn’t,” I say quietly and his eyes snap up to mine. “We’ll hire another tattoo artist for the day and I’ll take over the evenings. Your mother doesn’t have to deal with the customers so we won’t be breaking any rules or putting anyone at risk. We’ll all be extra careful with hygiene and the needles. There’s no reason to think business will be affected.”
“And who’ll run it?” he asks quietly.
“You will,” I say promptly and then waver. “Won’t you?”
There is a pause in which he looks at me with an expression I can’t quite fathom. Wonder. Amazement. Confusion?
My heart skips a beat. “When you were talking about Ms. Stiletto…your friend…you said something about opening a dance studio? Is that…is that back in Chicago?”
Even as I stutter, a determined expression settles across his face. “It was going to be but not anymore,” he says.
I shake my head. “You can’t give up on your dream!”
“Angel, my dreams are right here with me. One standing right here in front and the other upstairs, worried sick about what’s going to happen to her baby. I can’t let go of either of them.”
My face crumples as I rush to him and we stand there, holding each other.
“It’s going to be all right,” I mutter after some time because that’s exactly how I feel. No matter how messed up our lives may be right now, as long his heart keeps beating next to mine, we’ll both get through.
“Just so you know, I’m clear,” he says suddenly and I look up at him in confusion. “I got myself checked as soon as I heard about it. I don’t have it.”
“I wasn’t worried.” Actually, I hadn’t even thought about it.
After a few minutes, he pulls away and says, “She got it through an injection needle.”
My body stills as he continues, “Last year, she went for a week traveling across Africa. She fell sick. They went to a local clinic…” his voice trails off and I shudder at the thought. We stand there for some more time, each of us mellowing in our own thoughts. Me wondering how a few minutes had changed both our lives. Agnas’s and mine. One minute, it was all perfect. Friends, boy crushes, movie nights, giggles and guffaws. The next, it was all snatched away from us. Our lives matured and soured in a matter of minutes.

Chapter Nine

It’s evening and Nalini has already left for the day after giving me countless curious looks, all of which I refused to acknowledge. It hurts me to hide things from her but it’s not my secret to tell.
“So two things we have to do now?” Neil says and I stop nuzzling his neck to look up at him. We’re sitting on the couch after having closed down the shop about twenty minutes ago. Then Neil went upstairs to check up on Agnas who’d already had her dinner and turned in for the night. The treatment drugs she’s taking make her drowsy all the time, Neil told me.
Ideally, I should also head back home and wait for Mom but the thought of leaving Neil after all that we’ve shared, seems torturous.
“One, put up an ad for hiring a tattoo artist and two, go across to the police station tomorrow to file a formal complaint.”
My whole body stiffens and Neil bends his head to whisper in my ears, “Angel.” His hand rubs soothing circles on my back and I gradually relax into his touch. “Okay,” I say softly and he murmurs in my ear, “Beautiful, brave girl.”
I smack his shoulder. “Stop being so nice!”
His lips move to my ear and he nibbles at it playfully. “You want me to be bad?” The raspy edge in his voice makes my stomach clench. Maybe it shows on my face, because he says, “I think my Angel likes me bad.” I have a witty retort right on the tip of my tongue but it’s completely forgotten as he nips and bites my ear in a way that makes my heart pound and my breath heavy. Then I turn my face to his and our lips crush against each other. His tongue dives into my mouth and a moan escapes me at the sensation that rocks through my body. One minute I’m sitting, the next I’m splayed across the couch with Neil on top. Leaning his weight on his forearms he pauses, his lips breathing right over mine. My head moves up eager to cover the distance but he pulls back further. He’s teasing me again and the impatience makes me growl. Actually audibly growl. I feel him smile against my lips and then he relents. When he finally pulls in my lower lip, the wet heat of his mouth shoots a bolt of lust through my entire body. Then he sucks, nibbles, licks and does wonderful things to my entire mouth. Oh, holy Mother of God! It feels like he’s making love to it. It’s the kind of kiss that could be patented, branded and sold to eager clamoring hands.
My body feels like it’s burning up and when he tugs at the hem of my shirt, a sigh of relief escapes me. I help him pull my shirt up and over my head. Then he helps my quivering fingers unbutton his shirt until finally, we’re both skin-to-skin. He braces himself above me and my hands accustom themselves to his strong chest, his broad shoulders and his hard biceps. Breathless, I look up at him and find him gazing at me with a wonder that my deep-seated insecurity finds hard to believe. Then he does this thing. His fingers start moving on my face, tracing outlines. They trail along my eyebrows, the ridge of my nose, the apple of my cheeks and the line of my jaw. His touch is like feather but his eyes…they blaze and just like that, without saying a single word, he makes me believe.
Then his head dips and he places a soft, deliberate kiss on the swell of my breast. And at that moment, I swear, I can actually feel each and every doubt I’ve ever had melt under the heat of his reverence. My hands move from his shoulders to his hair and I watch his eyes fire up. His lips crush mine again and his tongue slides into my mouth for another deep, thorough kiss.
My hands grip his hair as his start travelling and kneading my body. My hips, my waist, my breasts, wherever he touches, he leaves a trail of scorched inhibitions behind. It’s like my body has been craving to be held like this. I feel completely and totally helpless. Completely and totally…helpless. Something shifts in my mind. A flash of an unwelcome memory and suddenly I feel Neil’s body go absolutely still above mine. Then he pulls away and places a palm on my cheek. The hunger in his eyes from a moment ago is all gone. Now, all that fills them is concern. Damn.
“Angel, it’s too soon,” he murmurs softly. I bite my lip and don’t say anything. I wish he was wrong. But then it might always be too soon because right now, it feels like I’ll never be able to forget that evening. It has scarred me forever.
“Don’t go to that place,” Neil says firmly and my eyes snap up to his. “It could be tomorrow, it could be another month, a year. But get this, once you’ve had a taste of me, you won’t be able to say no again,” he finishes with a cocky grin and I stare at him for a few seconds. Then I smack his shoulder in response. This guy. This guy. How does he manage to turn my mind around like this?
I narrow my eyes at him. “Well, it won’t be happening tomorrow and at least not until two more days,” I blurt out in my eagerness to give a rebuttal and then go crimson as Neil raises an eyebrow at me. I avert my eyes and blabber on, “I mean it takes me three days for my periods. So today and then two more and then I’m…good to go.”
As I talk, I see Neil nipping his lips to stop himself from grinning. When I finish, he says with a thoughtful expression, “Hmmm, that’s strange, Biology always told me four days was the average. I guess if three is what it takes for you, we’re very lucky to have one extra day every month.”
I purse my lips and squeeze my eyes shut with embarrassment. “Ugggh. This is the most un-sexy conversation anyone has ever had in the history of the universe, in this position. Could you just excuse me while I go and have a little cry in the bathroom?”
I peek open an eye and find a wide grin on Neil’s face. When I scowl at him, he bends to whisper in my ear, “Talking of positions…”
I wiggle my arms between us and push at his chest. Chuckling, he leans back and puts his hands up in surrender. Then he picks up my shirt from the floor and offers it to me, making me distressingly aware of the fact that I’m sitting there, just in my plain white bra and jeans. I put my shirt back on hurriedly while Neil wears his at a much more leisurely pace.
We get dressed and then after Neil's locked up the shop, he walks me right across to my house. The air outside is chilly but I don’t feel its bite. Having a warm hand to hold will do that to you. Sharing a moment that re-defines your life, a look that says a million words, a kiss that shoots your oblivion to hell or just the most unbelievably hot make-out session of your entire suckass life, will also do that to you.
We stand in a tight embrace in front of my door, both of us unwilling to let go.
“I miss you,” Neil whispers in my ear and I snuggle into his body. Too close. But not close enough.
He leans in and his hands move to my neck, pressing me closer still. Then his tongue plunders my mouth and the heat ignites again. Only one thought keeps me from dragging him in. Mom.
When we finally break apart, panting and heaving, Neil touches his forehead to mine and whispers, “What are you doing to me?” My heart swells with joy. Me? Good ol' me? Really?
He places a soft kiss on my forehead and then crosses the street. Once he’s in front of the shop's side-door, he glances back. I wave at him, waiting for him to go inside. After a few seconds, I realize he’s doing the same. Neil points to the door of my house and nods his head towards it. I let out an irritated breath and then throw my arms in the air. As I shut the door, I give one last glance his way. He’s still standing there…watching. When I wave at him he turns his fist in the air. What? I hold the door open and scrunch my face at him. He repeats the rotating fist action. I shake my head. I still don’t get it.
In a booming voice, he shouts from across the street, “Lock the door!” Jeez! Okay. I hold my fist up and shake it at him. In response, he slides his hand under his jacket and starts thumping out the beat of his heart.
I grin as I walk towards my room and I’m still smiling twenty minutes later, when Mom finds me lying on my bed staring at the ceiling.
“Why do you look so happy?” Mom's voice is slow and suspicious.
“I loooove my job,” I announce dreamily.
There is silence for a few seconds and then she says, “No one smiles like that because of job satisfaction, sweetie.” Then she flops down right next to me. “You do know that getting involved with one’s boss is usually frowned upon in professional circles?” she asks.
“It’s not my boss. It’s her son. Huge difference.”
“Certainly is. In the first case, you’d be gay. In the second, you’re just loosening your morals a bit.”
“M-o-m!”
After a pause she gives me another one of her poignant one-liners. “The thing about falling for the hot bad guy is…it’s a hell of a ride going up but an incredible low coming down.”
“Neil’s not a bad guy, Mom. He just looks like one. It’s like he has the mystery but…not the deceit.”
“Looks like Nine Inch Nails but sings like Michael Bolton?”
“Who’s Michael Bolton?”
Mom doesn’t say anything at first but after a few seconds, she lets out a deep sigh. Then before shutting the door, she drops the bomb. “Dinner tomorrow at 7 sharp. Invite him home.”
She shuts the door and I cover my face with the blanket. Shit. Shit. Shit.   

Chapter Ten

“What’s eating you?” Tatiana whispers during our History class.
I smile and shake my head. “Nothing.”
She leans in closer. “Then maybe I should ask who’s eating you?”
I make a face at her.  “That was completely unnecessary and let me just say…eew.”
“Gecko! It’s one of the few privileges of womankind! And the fact that you’re getting grossed out tells me you’ve never been blessed with the joys of cunnilin...”
I shush her worriedly and look around hoping no one heard her. A guy sitting behind us winks and gives me a knowing smile. Oh no! I immediately turn back and sink in my chair.
Later during lunch, Danny joins us again in his usual inimitable style. Plop on the chair, steal the tastiest treat possible from both our trays and then avoid eye contact for the next few minutes. When he washes down our food with Tatiana’s soda, he looks at us as if he suddenly realized there were other people on this planet besides him.
Then he gives a loud kiss on Tatiana’s cheek, grants a chin raise to me and finally starts with the food piled high on his own tray.
“Pig,” Tatiana mumbles as she watches him fork through his towering pile of pancakes. But the adoration in her eyes is obvious. For a change it doesn’t bother me. Instead, it makes me smile. I remember Neil’s palpitating hand gesture from yesterday and my smile turns into a full-blown grin.
“Who died?” Danny's voice shakes me out of my thoughts. Then I realize both of them are looking at me with curiosity.
“Oh…my…God! I want all the details!” Tatiana squeals and I wince.
“It’s nothing, really,” I say, shaking my head.
“My girl here only smiled like that twice since I’ve known her. One, when I asked her to marry me and second, when I gave her the head for the first time,” Danny pauses for effect and then asks, “So which is it?”
Jeez. What is it with these two and oral sex?
“None of the above,” I state firmly and then try to deflect their attention by pointing excitedly to a couple sitting on the other end of the cafeteria. “Oh, look that guy just dropped his soda on his girlfriend!” I snigger and slap my hand on the table in exaggerated amusement but I ain’t fooling these two. Neither of them even blinks in response, they just glower me down with a dogged stare. Suddenly, I realize the significance of what Danny has just said.
“You guys are getting married?!!” I shriek.
“After we finish college,” Tatiana concedes happily and Danny places a wet smack on her hand for effect.
I beam at them both. “Congratulations, guys!”
“Though eloping would be a better word for what we have in mind," Tatiana says with a smirk. "His Mom decided to go bat-shit crazy on me!”
“Why? She doesn’t like you?”
“She’s a first-generation Italian,” she offers as an explanation and when I raise an eyebrow she clarifies, “She thinks any prospective wife for her one and only son should be able to whip out a four-course dinner in an hour. Tart-aaalle, paaysto, caaneloni, manjia, manjia! I went to a dinner at his Mom's place and Kari, I tell you, it was like being on the sets of Man vs. Food! His family is as loony as they come!”
Danny raises his head up from his tray and pouts through a mouthful of food, “Hey! That’s my Mamma you’re talking about!” Then he turns his attention back to his tray and mutters under his breath, “Though the rest can go to hell. Fucking bastard!”
My eyes widen in surprise and I throw a questioning look at Tatiana. She rolls her eyes. “Danny thinks his cousin Titto was hitting on me. I think he was just being sweet.”
Danny lets out a snort and Tatiana throws her hands up in response. “Of course he was, Danny! In between your Aunts trying to turn me into an obese cow and your mother trying to put me down for my lack of culinary skills, he was the only one being nice to me.”
Danny glares at her. “He was not being nice, he was trying to dive into your skinny jeans, woman! All boys are pigs, when will you learn?!” He shakes his head and shoves an impossibly big bite straight in his mouth. Tatiana gives me a look full of woe and drowns her disappointment by downing her soda.
Sitting there for the rest of the lunch hour watching Tatiana and Danny fight it out amongst themselves, I feel a strange melancholy drift over me. I feel envious of Tatiana. Sure, it looks like she's got a psychotic future Mom-in-law but everything in her life seems so normal, so perfect while my life has been anything but.
Thankfully, the afternoon classes are hectic enough to keep my depressing thoughts at bay.
It's almost evening now and I’m sitting behind the counter in the shop, nervously scraping the label of my water bottle, trying real hard not to pay attention to the grunts coming from across the shop floor. Jesus! Why do people do this to themselves?
For reasons best known to her, a girl walked in today wanting to get her nipples pierced.
A particularly loud whimper and I leave the water bottle to cross my arms over my boobs. It hurts to even think about it. Thank goodness, Nalini has put a screen across her bed table. I’d faint if I actually saw it happening. I could’ve left the shop and gone outside but there is no one else to man the counter and the phone. Neil’s taken Agnas to the hospital for her HAART sessions.
Last night, I googled everything about it. Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy. Effective in prolonging life but with tons of side-effects. My heart went out to Agnas as I read through the long list of side-effects written on the wiki page.
I’d also spent the night googling my name and its various combinations. Kari sex video, Kari video, girl Kari first time. My mind couldn’t stop coming up with the various permutations and combinations. Finally at 3 am, I couldn’t take it anymore and snapped my laptop shut.
I woke up in the morning to the ping of Neil's text asking me to meet him in front of the 63rd Precinct. An hour later, I’d gotten off two stops earlier and walked with increasing dread towards the gloomy brown building of the precinct. The intimidating NYPD cars parked in the front hadn’t done much to appease me. But then I saw Neil leaning against a tree, waiting patiently for me and my nerves settled down a bit.
I walked hand-in-hand with him to meet the officer on duty. Neil told me he'd already spoken to him. His name was officer Browne and he was a part of the criminal investigations department.
For the next hour, I recounted each and every detail of that horrible evening to officer Browne as he filed my written complaint. Thankfully, it was just him and me. Neil waited outside.
Then the officer took a back-up of my cellphone data because it contained a history of my calls with Eddie and some text messages that he’d sent me earlier. After all the formalities finished, he promised me swift action would be taken against Eddie.
He told me they’d get all the records of the video from Eddie, even take it off from the internet if he’d posted it somewhere. He also told me I had no reason to worry. It was all in my favor. I had been underage and this was a serious offense. He assured me that there was no escape route available to Eddie. All I had to do now was to sit back and wait. And…that’s about it. That was really it. It was that simple.
The only thing I feel now is guilt and self-loathing. Am I really this stupid that I went through a whole year of hell, of paying my money to that jerk, when the whole time I could have just ended it by walking into a police station? I’m the lamest, stupidest fool in the whole universe.
“That was harsh!” I hear the girl’s voice shriek and my mind snaps back to the present. Then I hear the piercing machine being switched off and after a few minutes, Nalini and the girl both come out from behind the screen. The girl’s nose is all red and her eyes puffy. I don’t even want to think about what it might look like below her neck.
“That girl’s got cojones,” Nalini declares after the girl leaves. The door dings right then and Neil enters the shop. “Hey girls.”
“Hey!” Both of us yell and as he turns to hang his coat on the hanger, Nalini whispers in my ear, “Though I bet his are bigger and…better.” Even as I gasp in shock, she nudges my shoulder and asks, “Are they?” I don’t know if anyone’s ever died of embarrassment but I’m sure if I stick around Nalini, I’ll be the very first registered case.
I glare daggers at her as I walk up to Neil and throw my arms around his waist, hugging his back. He grasps my hands and turns around to face me. I’m relieved to see he doesn’t look too bogged down by the hospital visit.
“Anyone for coffee?” Nalini shouts as she walks off towards the coffee machine.
I shake my head and Neil shouts back, “No, thanks.” Then he lowers his head and brushes the tip of his nose with mine. An Eskimo kiss! Christ! Now I can die happy. I’ve gotten all I ever wanted in my life.
“Hi, Angel,” he says and I feel something inside me melt away.
“Hi," I reply softly. A moment later, I ask him about Agnas. "Is she doing good?”
He nods his head and grins. “She’s decided to have a night out with some of her girl friends. They came to give her a surprise at the hospital today.” He shakes his head and says fondly, “Crazy bunch of women.”
“Well, guess what? You’ll be having a night-out of your own too!”
Neil’s eyes gleam with interest. “Really?”
“Yup. You’re invited for dinner at seven sharp, as per my Mom’s instructions.” The gleam fizzles out of his eyes and I stifle a chuckle at the nervousness that washes over his face.
“She doesn’t like me.” He says it like a statement and I rush to negate it.
“Of course, she likes you! And she’ll love you once she gets to know you better!”
Neil looks at me skeptically. “Yeah.”
I nod firmly. “You’ll see.”
I have no customers lined up for the evening so I leave an hour early, planning to help Mom with the dinner preps. She’d told me this morning that she’d come back by 6 today. But when I open the door and walk into the kitchen, I find it distressingly empty. Right then my phone beeps. It's a text from Mom.
Runnin late. Boil the pasta. Will come & make the rest.
Sighing, I dump my bag in my room. I know Mom's work keeps her on her toes but I can’t help but feel pissed. What was the point of inviting Neil for dinner when she didn’t even plan for it in advance?! Then I shrug off all the melodramatic thoughts and roll up my sleeves. I have no time to waste.
I boil the water for the pasta. Blitz the tomatoes and garlic for the sauce. Dice some veggies for a stir-fry. Set up the heavy frying pan for grilling some sausages.
The bell rings just as I’m setting the wok for starting my stir-fry. Thank God she’s here! It’s just ten minutes to seven now. Neil will be here soon and the whole kitchen looks like a bleeping war zone!
I open the door and am greeted with the vision of Neil standing there looking like he’s just stepped off a ramp. Bootlegged blue jeans, crisp white shirt and the most wickedly handsome smile. Holding a bunch of flowers in one hand he suffers my full body appraisal and scratches his forehead self-consciously.
“Slumming it, huh?” I quip.
He gives me a shy smile in response. Jesus. That smile. I'm already done for and the evening hasn't even started!
“Am I early?” he asks, scratching the back of his neck.
Grinning, I clasp his hand and pull him in. Then I reach around to shut the door and give him my best seductive smile.
“Hmmm…I wonder how to reward you for your punctuality?” His eyes crinkle and then widen in surprise as I push his back to the door and wind my arms around his neck. Maybe the fumes of all that food have gotten to my head because I’ve never had the courage to act this femme-fatale before.
I lean forward to close the distance but he immediately leans away.
“Where’s your Mom?” he asks warily.
“Not back yet. I’m all alone,” I say, pouting my lips. Christ! What has gotten into me?!
Neil’s eyes dip down to my lips. Then in one swift motion his hand snakes around my waist and crushes my body to his.
“Don’t tempt the tempted, Angel,” he breathes over my lips and then waits. His pause gives me a chill that runs down my spine. When his lips meet mine it’s like we’re kissing for the first time. And the craving? It’s ten times worse. I think that’s why people often compare love to drugs. It’s like a perpetually unfurling, growing yearning. The more you taste it, the more you crave it...wait a second...taste?! Oh my God! My pasta!
I jerk away from Neil and make a mad dash towards the kitchen. Jheezus! The pasta looks horrifying. A giant overcooked clump bobbing around in boiling water. But it might still be salvageable. I take it off from the burner, drain the water and run cold water through it. Then I send a heartfelt thanks to the heavens above as the farfalle start separating out under the deftness of my ladle. Once it looks more presentable, I breathe a sigh of relief and place the colander on the side. When I turn around, I see Neil watching me from the doorway, a smile hiding somewhere in his lips.
“Can I help?” he asks, arching up an eyebrow.
“You were invited to eat dinner, not come here and make it!” I say with indignation, feeling pissed at Mom for still not having turned up, mad at myself for depending on her, but basically irritated as hell at Neil. Damn his mad kissing skills! He made me forget my pasta! I have it bad. Really bad.
Suddenly strong hands grab me from under my arms and I’m lifted up in the air. Neil carries me like an errant toddler and then places me on one of the dining chairs. Then he dons an apron hanging in one of the corners of the kitchen and I watch with my mouth agape, as he deftly stir-fries the veggies, places the sausages on the pan that I’d completely forgotten all about and starts reducing the tomato-garlic sauce for the pasta.
Makes sense. Apart from being insanely hot, he is kind, considerate and a culinary expert. What a jerk!
I twiddle my thumbs, hem and haw until I’m so fed up with just being a spectator that I risk getting up once again.
“Butt on the chair, Angel” he mutters under his breath as my aforementioned butt is hovering just six inches above my chair.
Christ! Did he have eyes on the back of his head? I disregard his instructions and march off to the fridge to grab a can of coke. Then I march right back and plant my bottom back on the chair.
“You know when you mix butt and Angel in the same sentence, it becomes an insult,” I say before I take a big gulp.
With his back to me, he says, “Trust me, I would never dream of insulting your butt. I’m sure it’s way better than anything I’m cooking out here.”
Pfffffff!!!!! The soda comes spewing out of my mouth and all over the kitchen table. Chirst! Did he just say that?! Then I watch gobsmacked as he saunters over and throws the kitchen towel on the table, giving it a quick wipe. I give him a stink-eye as he walks back looking very smug and pleased with himself.
Mom walks in half an hour later, just as Neil is putting down the last bowl on the table.
As soon as I open the door, she starts apologizing, “Honey, I’m so sorry. So, so, so sorry. The traffic today is not to be believed.” I forgive her immediately but then she lowers her voice and whispers loudly, “Is HE here?”
I roll my eyes as I help her with her bag and the usual overflowing pile of folders. I go to her room and put it all on her table. When I walk back into the kitchen, I find Mom laughing and hugging Neil with her arms wrapped tight around his torso. WTF?!!!
The scene is so totally unexpected that for a few seconds I just stand there with my mouth open. Then I try to process it. But I realize it still doesn’t make any sense. Mom looks delusional with happiness while Neil is looking…uncomfortable? I repeat…WTF?!
“Mom?!!” I say warily and Neil finally notices me. Well, hello to you too. He gives me a shy smile and then gives an awkward pat on my Mom’s back. Like she’s a pet or something! Down girl!
“Mom!” I exclaim louder and this time she hears me. She opens her eyes and shrieks from across the room, “Honey!! You never told me!!” she says but still doesn’t let go of Neil.
“MOM!!!” I raise my eyebrows till they hit the roof and she finally gets it. She drops her arms and backs away from Neil but just by a reluctant few inches! Jeez! What’s the matter with her?!
“Oh, I’m so sorry,” she says, batting her lashes and blushing crimson. “I guess I got a little carried away.”
“It’s okay, Ma’am,” Neil smiles obligingly at her and then gives me a worried look. Okay. Seriously, what in God’s name is happening here?!
“Kari, you should’ve told me Neil Mars was coming for dinner to our place tonight!” She says Neil Mars like it’s a saleable entity or something. “I would’ve certainly planned better for this evening...” Mom stops abruptly and looks around the kitchen like she’s seeing it for the first time. “This looks like a pigsty!”
Then her eyes fall on the table and on the apron tied around Neil's waist. “Oh my God, you’ve been cooking?!” Mom turns to fix a glowering gaze on me. “Kari! Why did you make him cook?!” she shrieks like I’m some kind of a slave driver. “He’s our guest!” Then she turns back to him and starts wringing her hands like a crazed person. “I’m so sorry, Neil…Oh! This is horrible. Why don’t you sit down? I’ll just go freshen up and be right back.” Then this woman who’s no longer related to me, hurries out of the kitchen before whispering loudly in my ear, “Entertain him!”
I stand there in the kitchen in total silence wondering how my Mom expected me to entertain my own boyfriend in the bloody kitchen! A lap dance before the meal or after?
I look across at Neil. “Did you smell something on her? Smoke, alcohol…weed?”
He smiles and shakes his head. Christ! This situation is unrecoverable.
“Kari, I think I should tell you…” he trails off as my Mom re-enters the arena dressed to tame the lion…or the gladiator himself.
In what could’ve been just two minutes she’s managed to ditch her work clothes and put on her favorite black wrap dress. Wow! She is really putting her best foot forward here. I’ve never seen Mom get this excited over a guy since Dad left. It would’ve made me happy except this guy happened to be my freaking boyfriend!!
I realize Neil is holding out a chair for me. I also realize that Mom has already occupied hers and is busy surveying all the food.
Neil’s fingers brush my cheek softly as he sits down next to me. Mom doesn’t miss the action and I see a satisfied smile cover her face. I just don’t get this. What’s the deal with her? Why has she gone all crazy on me…and today out of all the days?! Why God?! Why?!
“So how did you two meet?” she asks as we begin attacking the food.
Fork half-way to my mouth, I pause and look at her, “Mom? Neil? Agnas’s son? Tattoo shop? I work there?” Ever the eloquent. That’s me.
Understanding clears her face and she nods, “Oh! I forgot! Of course.” She looks at Neil happily, “We’ve met before! You were wearing that mask that day so I didn’t recognize you!”
I scrunch my face. “Recognize him from where?”  
Mom looks at me like I’ve gutted my brain. “You mean you don’t…” Then she shakes her head and laughs like the weird eccentric hag she’s playing out to be today. “Of course you know who he is!! How could you not?!!”
What?! I go completely still and snap my eyes across at Neil. Our eyes collide and I notice his are filled with apprehension. When I turn back to Mom, her face scrunches in disbelief.
“He’s Neil Mars!” she exclaims, waving her fork at him.
Oh, yeah, Neil Mars! That really explains it. When I raise my eyebrows, she looks at me like she can’t believe I’m her flesh and blood.
“Neil Mars?! Chicago Bears? Pro bowl quarterback?! Have you been walking around with a tin foil on your head?!!”
I feel my hands and legs go limp. Pro bowl? Chicago Bears? God! That’s big. No. Not big. That’s huge! So he…he’s some kind of a football star?! Jesus! How come I didn’t know about this? Am I that out of touch with real life?! Well, it could be attributed to my zero interest in any form of physical activity. It could also be attributed to my having shun papers or TV for the last year. Instead, I’d spent that time obsessing over the internet, checking for any recent video uploads bearing my name.
Then the past few days flash before my eyes. Our first meeting and…Nalini…she’d been awed by him. And then she’d said something about him being famous and I’d thought it was a jibe! She hadn’t been mocking him! She’d just been voicing a fact! But the party?! Oh. He’d been wearing the Batman mask. Then I remember the nudges and looks of admiration that had been thrown our way when we’d gone for lunch that first day. It isn’t just because he’s sexy-as-hell. It's because he’s a sexy-as-hell freaking football star! Ohmygawd! Breathe, Kari. In and out.
I look up. Neil smiles at me warily, like he expects me to bolt any second.
“But you’d said you were planning on opening a dance studio?!” I ask.
Mom cackles. Like, actually cackles. “Dance?! Studio?! A dance studio?” she repeats like it’s some sort of a weird-ass terminology that’s causing short-circuits through her brain.
I see red. “Yes! A dance studio! Why? What’s so funny about it, Mom? Haven’t you heard of that famous hotdamn Russian dancer who…who…who came on the Sex and the City?” I snap at her.
Mom’s face turns white and instead of answering me, she turns to Neil. “You’re opening a ballet studio?!”
Neil shrugs his shoulders. “I’m more into alternative dance but I like ballet too.” Mom looks stricken while I give Neil a look that says, good for you little Billy Elliot!
Then he looks at me, “And I really look up to that hotdamn Russian dancer. Michael Baryshnikov.” And right then I feel so proud. He knows that guy’s name! I feel like jumping up from my chair and shouting, ‘That’s my boyfriend, right there!!’
“But that’ll be like a side thing, right?” Mom insists. “You’re not thinking of giving up football or anything?” I suck in a breath. Oh no! I hadn’t thought of it like that! That’s why Neil had talked about going back to Chicago to open his studio. That’s just his side gig. His real glory is football. And why would he want to give that up? Nobody should have to give that up!
“Yes, I’ve taken my name off the team. It’s yet to be announced. My Mom needs me here and…” His eyes cut straight to mine. “…studios can open up anywhere I want to be.”
I shake my head at him but don’t say anything. He cannot give up what he is just to be with someone. That’s just not how it works. You sacrifice too much for someone you end up hating them. I know. I’ve seen my Mom go through it.
Although you really wouldn’t know that from the way she’s been acting tonight. She does tone down her exuberance for the rest of the dinner, but that doesn’t stop her from shoving her phone in his face every few seconds, just to take pictures of him eating, smiling, coughing, looking uncomfortable until I finally, put my foot down and confiscate her torture device.
After dinner, I have to literally restrain my Mom from throwing random objects at him just so she can get his autograph on them. Now I’m standing on the doorway expecting her to give us a little privacy but considering that Neil just became her most favorite person in the whole wide world (which she professed herself, loudly and unflinchingly) because he gave her his wristband, she’s not likely to snap out of her fan-deliria any time soon.
When Neil thanks my Mom for the dinner and hugs her, I actually get a little worried because her face turns so red, she almost looks feverish. But I guess there's no need to worry. Her ruddy cheeks are probably just chafing under the onslaught of a furious blush and the nasty bite of a New York November night.
Neil asks her if he can talk to me alone and for the first time that night my Mom pauses for a few seconds and looks at him like he’s a real person. Not a walking cardboard cut-out of her favorite football star but a real person who wonder of wonders…is actually interested in the fruit of her loins. Mom nods her head just a bit too eagerly and I can almost see the cog wheels spinning in her head. Future son-in-law. Brag rights for a life time. Score!
She gives me a wink and as she leaves, she shuts the front door behind her. Christ! A wink from my Mom is never a good thing. And shutting the door is like giving me permission to throw myself at him! A ‘you can have your way with my daughter’ kind of gesture. Wow. I look at Neil. He’s standing there with that cautious look in his eyes again. Oh God! Is he really a football star?!! What am I supposed to do now?
I guess…nothing?!
He’s still the boy who bought a BLT for me, who punched Eddie in the face, who knows everything about my past and still doesn’t give a damn about it. And knowing who he is makes that a bigger deal than it already is. He’s a sports star and if that video ever went public, it could blotch his image. And yet he wants to be linked with me. Me. The one with the sex video and a seriously psychotic mother.
I smile at him. “A football champ, huh?”
His eyes widen and then he grins. “Yeah...you into jocks?”
I step close to him and hook my fingers through the loops of his jeans. “Am now.”
He bends his head over mine. “Didn’t scare you off?”
“Not going anywhere,” I assure him but then I pull away and say forcefully, “But you are.” Neil quirks up an eyebrow in confusion.
“You cannot give up football just to be here! I know Agnas needs you and I would give anything to be close to you but you just can’t make that big a sacrifice!”
“It’s not a sacrifice,” he says simply and shrugs his shoulders. “I’m through with football.”
“You’re through with football?!” I ask incredulously and he nods his head. I squint my eyes at him, “How old are you?”
“Twenty three.”
I shake my head in disbelief. “As you must know by now, I'm not exactly tuned into the current football scene…but…I’ve seen people twice your age play successfully. You can’t quit at twenty three!”
He gives me a patient smile as his arm snakes around my waist and pulls me towards him. “It’s not about my age,” he says softly. “It just doesn’t move me anymore and I want to be here with Agnas…with you.”
I look into his eyes. They only reflect the sincerity of his words. But I'm still not convinced. “Why doesn’t it move you anymore?”
“I got pushed into football in school because I thought it was the best and fastest way to make money at that time. God knows, Agnas and I needed all the money we could get. I couldn’t even have afforded college if it hadn’t been for my scholarship. But now I just don’t want to do it anymore. It’s not my calling...you know what I mean?”
“But aren’t you going to miss it? The fame? The money?”
He smiles. “Those are just things one misses when one hasn’t had a taste of them. Trust me...there’s not much to lose there. Imagine your Mom fawning over you like that every single second you’re with her. Now imagine that being multiplied by a million.”
“Ugh.”
“Yup. And the money? I don’t want to sound like a whiny rich jerk but what good is it when you have to stay cooped up in places where real people don’t exist? Where everything flashes in your eyes like a disco orb? Where your team mates are itching to back-stab you every time you relax your guard a little?”
I scrunch my face at him. “Your life sucks!”
He laughs and then quiets down. “Not anymore.” My heart swells and feels like it’s about to burst out of my body and soar in the air. I drag my hands up his back, across the hard ridge of his shoulders, up his thick neck and into his soft, curly hair. It’s only when he pulls back that I see his face. It’s lit up with that same carefree happiness that just breaks my heart every single time I witness it. I touch my forehead to his and hold his face in my hands wishing in my heart that I could freeze this moment forever.
“Will you come with me this Sunday night?” he says after some time.
“Yes,” I reply without any thought or hesitation.
He gives me his beautiful laugh again. “You didn’t even ask where!”
“Sweetheart, anywhere is okay with me. As long as it’s with you.”
His eyes go warm and his fingers curl around the back of my head. “Say it again.”
I feign ignorance. “What?”
“You know what,” he says softly.
“Sweetheart,” I whisper in his ears. He sucks in a breath and closes his eyes like it caused him pain. When he opens them again, he looks at me for a second and then his face breaks out in a grin. What?!
“Now, that’s way sappier than Angel!” he says.
Agggh! I smack his chest and he doubles-up, pretending like it hurt. Then he throws his head back and laughs. After a few seconds of trying to look indignant, I cave-in as well. In spite of all the hits and misses it’s been a perfect day. Everything’s out there between us and yet. Here we are.
The stars above peek through the maze created by the buildings towering all around us and we stay together under their beauty, cloaked in the darkness of this perfect night. Both of us unwilling to let go just yet.
“I wish we could spend the night together,” I say as he holds me in his arms.
When he doesn’t reply, I look at his face and realize the warmth in his eyes has turned up a notch, searing the air between us. My body stiffens. “I…I mean just be with each other. Not anything…I…” He silences my stuttering with his lips and I thaw at the gentleness of his touch. His love ripples through me. Intense, deep and heart-wrenching. My knees buckle and he grabs my waist, stopping me from collapsing in a puddle.
“Oh God…this feels so nice, so perfect, so good, so so so…” I say breathlessly.
“So, so so?”
“No, I mean so…just so right!”
He chuckles. “You had me worried there for a second.”
“You have absolutely no reason to worry! You have mad kissing skills!”
He grins before he gives me yet another sampling of his talent.
“Kari…” I hear my Mom’s voice from behind me and I jerk away from Neil like he just poked me. Which he did. But it is not something I want to acknowledge at this point in our relationship. At least not in front of my Mom.
“I was just coming inside,” I say sullenly when I notice she is wearing her work clothes again. Wha..?
“No, no. I didn’t want to bother you two,” Mom says, smiling dotingly at the both of us. Jesus. Don’t bring out the yarn just yet, Mom!
“Cary just called.” She looks at Neil and explains, “Cary’s my boss and he just got a big scoop...” Mom lowers her voice conspiratorially, “…on a movie star!”
“That’s…great,” Neil replies, looking uncertain.
“I know but the awful part is I have to head back to office.”
“What?! Mom, you just got back an hour ago!” I look at her in dismay. This job is really stretching her taut. No holidays, weekends or even office timings to speak of!
“I know but we’re going to break this news in the morning edition. I have to rush to office now, Kari. Will you be able to stay home alone for the night?”
“Mom, please! Newsflash...I'm in college now!”
“Yeah, but you get those nightmares sometimes and…”
“Mom! You had to rush to office?”
Thankfully, before she can divulge anything else, Mom immediately snaps back to her panic mode. She checks her wrist watch and turns to Neil but before she can go batty on him all over again, he speaks up. “If you don’t mind Ma’am, I can stay with Kari for the night.” My jaw falls open but Neil continues like he’s stating the most obvious fact in the world. “Of course, I’ll be on that comfortable couch I saw in your living room.”
I see a range of emotions flicker across my Mom’s face. Shock, disbelief, thoughtful consideration and finally…a smile. WTF? She’s actually buying it?
“Only if you give me your word,” she tells him with a stern expression.
“Gentleman’s promise,” he smiles across at her and the deal is sealed. I wonder if I should say something? Like I’m a person with  opinions and they should come under consideration as well? How do they know I don’t object to Neil staying alone with me…for the whole freaking night?! Oh, my freaking holy ghost! This is un-freaking-believable…and with my Mom knowing about it?! Dear God, I swear to all that is holy, I'll never mock Mom's football addiction ever again. Long live the Bears!

Chapter Eleven

“Just one more, please!” I squeal.
Neil gives me a stern look. “No more.”
“Just one teeny tiny one…puhhhlease!” I try to reach for the bottle myself but Neil grabs it and holds it away from me.
“If I’d known you couldn’t hold your drink I would’ve never encouraged you.”
“Oh! Come on, I’ve just had two glasses!”
“Yes and that was only because you hoodwinked me.”
“I didn’t! I really…hic…couldn’t sleep!”
“Tell me honestly, your Mom doesn’t let you drink any of these...does she?” he waves towards my Mom’s not-so-secret stash of wine in the kitchen cabinet.
I cover my mouth with my hand to stop the giggles from escaping and shake my head.
“I knew it! She’s never going to trust me again,” Neil says woefully.
“Oh! Come off it! I’m finally free today! It’s a good enough reason to celebrate. Actually, it’s a great reason to celebrate!”
“But how can you get this drunk with just two glasses?”
I cut him a smug look. “Hehehehe…you know I even get drunk on beer?! Isn’t that the stupidest thing you’ve ever heard?!” I point to the bottle he’s still clutching in his hands. “Wanna see what happens with the third?”
Neil gets up from behind the dining table, holding on to the bottle. “Nice try, Angel,” he says as he places the wine back in the cabinet and shuts it with a firm push. Spoil sport.
When he turns back to face me, I put on my best come-hither expression. “Then how about I give you the time of your life?” Somehow the tic in my left eye makes it impossible for me to give a smooth delivery.
Neil purses his lips and arches an eyebrow. “And how do you plan to do that?”
“You have to…hic…sign up to get to that part. And the first step is registration.” I pout my lips and point a finger at them. “Press this button.”
Neil looks at my lips for a long second. Then he looks away. “This being a gentleman thing sucks,” he mutters under his breath.
“Speaking of sucks…” Neil rushes towards me and clasps his hand on my mouth.
“How about a bed time story?” he says quickly.
“Does it involve sucking?” I ask as his hand loosens and then just for the heck of it, I bite down on it.
“Ow!” He snaps his hand off and cradles it. “What’s that for?!”
“Yikes! Sorry!” I start to snicker but then bite my lips to cut it off. I don’t know why but laughing is making me feel a bit queasy.
Oh I do know why. I’m drunk! Hehehehhee. I lick my lips feeling happy with my self-induced buzz. Neil looks at me, his eyes zero in on my lips again and for a second I see something flash through his eyes. But then he sighs deeply and says, “Yes, there’s sucking. Now can we?”
“Yay! Vampires!” I clap my hands, do a little jiggy dance and then scamper off to my bedroom. I flop down on my bed and Neil walks in pinching the bridge of his nose. What’s that all about? Any-who! “I want two stories!” I yell at the top of my voice and I hear Neil muttering, “I’m never having kids.”
What? “Why not?!” I wail. “I love kids! We’ll have two, okay? Bea and Ben.” I put out two fingers for him to count but Neil is staring at me with wild eyes, his feet transfixed to the spot. Then as if snapping out of a dream, he quickly moves and flicks a book from my table.
Neil walks over to sit by my side and I lift his arm to snuggle into his chest. I do a face-plant, take a deep breath and then bend my neck to gaze up at him. “Have I ever told you…you smell really nice?”
His lips twitch as he replies, “No, I think not.”
“Well, you absolutely do! It’s like lemon and leather. Plus your delectable lickable sweat.” I raise my head and wiggle my nose on the soft black curls of his chest. “Ummm…yummy.” I’m about to dart my tongue out when Neil suddenly shoots up and hops off the bed.
“What happened?!” I mutter in shock.
“Angel, you’re killing me here.”
I tilt my head to one side. “I am?”
He nods his head and then quickly gives me a peck on the forehead. “I think you should go to sleep now.”
“But what about my story?!”
“I’ll read it to you in the morning.”
I pout my lips. “Promise?”
“Oh, trust me. There will be a lot of story-telling happening tomorrow.”
I give-in grudgingly. “O-kay.”
As he’s tucking me in, I wind my arms around his neck and give him a surprise wet kiss on his lips. Satisfied, I slump back on the bed and sigh happily. I don’t know why but I see his entire body do a deep shudder and his jaw visibly clenches. Any-who! I don’t even hear him leave the room as I feel my eyelids go unbearably heavy and I slip away into the dreamless sleep of the drunk.
Aggh! My head! It’s about to break into a million pieces and I just can’t seem to concentrate enough to take down any notes. Maybe I should've taken the morning off but I couldn't have skipped this Economics class. It's kinda crucial if I don't want to tank my grades. And anyways, when I woke up this morning Neil hadn’t even been there!
I had woken up to loud snoring and had followed the noise to my Mom’s bedroom. Ah! She was back. Thank God, she hadn’t been around to watch me get drunk. I’d tried lots of times to educate Mom about college life and all the associative perks that came along with being an adult, but you just can’t reason with the jittery mother of a seventeen-year-old girl who can’t hold her alcohol. Especially since even one glass is usually enough to make me suffer a migraine the next day. And according to the text message I’d gotten from Neil that morning, I’d had two glasses of wine yesterday. As Mom would say, it's penance time.
I clutch my head in misery as a renewed stab of pain lashes through my cranium.
“Have you had the magic pill?”
I turn to Tatiana and wince as even that slight movement causes my brain to revolt. “What?” I ask.
“Magic pill? Alka Seltzer?”
I scrunch up my face. “No.”
“Well, you’re in luck!” She digs out a strip of white tablets from her bag. I waste no time in glugging one of those pearlies down with my Gatorade.
Half an hour later, as the class finishes I realize I do feel a lot better. My head is still throbbing but at least it’s not crippling me like before. I give Tatiana a thankful smile as we walk out of our class. “It seems to be working,” I tell her.
“It always does. Lots of water, a ton of sleep and you’ll be as good as new!” she quips.
I take her advice a bit too seriously and nap through the next two classes and on the subway ride back as well. But thank God for that, because as soon as I enter the shop, I see Nalini buzzing away with her machine on a client’s navel. And surprise, surprise, the noise doesn’t blow my brains out.
“Hey! Wassup?” Nalini shouts without shifting her focus.
“All good! It’s cloudy out there! You think it’ll rain?” I ask.
“Hopefully not. Emma here has been praying for a clear starlit night,” Nalini tells me.
I wave to the girl lying on the bed table. She raises her chin and we exchange smiles. She’s around my age and looks like a completely normal person. Normal as in untreated hair, no visible inks on her body, dressed in a tee and jeans. Totally zero street cred.
“And why is that?” I ask the girl.
Emma shakes her head. “Oh nothing. Just a date night with my boyfriend.”
“Only she thinks he’s going to propose,” Nalini adds with her head still bent down.
“Wow! Huge,” I grin at Emma who’s now chewing on her lip.
“I don’t know for sure. I’m just hoping he will.” She points to her navel. “This is for him.”
I stare at her in confusion. “You mean you didn’t want this piercing?”
“Oh! I did. I just never had the guts for it.”
“So what changed?”
She hesitates and I rush to ease her. “Oh never mind. I’m just being terribly nosy.”
“Oh! No…no…it’s just that…I know he likes this stuff and I thought I’d gift it to him.”
“Isn’t that’s the sweetest thing ever?!” Nalini says as she stands back and snaps off her gloves. I nod while looking appreciatively at Emma's belly button. Even though I’m still grossed out by the whole piercing thing, I have to admit this navel ring thing does look nice. Maybe some day…?
Emma rushes to examine herself in the mirror. “Oh my God! It’s awesome and it didn’t even hurt that much!”
I exchange a grin with Nalini. Emma looks like she had walked in expecting Saw and got Sixth Sense instead.
As she settles her payment, I head over to get my usual coffee fix wondering if Emma will get what she’s hoping for. A starlit night and a marriage proposal. Not too much to ask, is it?
I plonk myself back on the counter. My 5 pm client will be arriving any minute now.
“Has Neil been around?” I ask Nalini and she shakes her head.
“Not since the afternoon. He was busy interviewing a dude for the mornings.”
“Really? Already?”
“Yeah, I know. Dude looked decent though. Inked some nice samplers. I guess it bodes well that Neil went out for lunch with him.”
“He did?” I ask, feeling secretly happy that my morning substitute is not a girl. How petty and shallow! Still. Thank God.
“That girl is so lucky,” Nalini utters with a deep sigh as she stacks all her tools back.
“Who?”
“Emma,” Nalini says with a wishful look on her face.
“Hmm. You planning on getting another one for Josiah?” I ask her. For a person who has this as her profession, Nalini has very few piercings of her own. Ears, eyebrow, nose and navel. Well, it’s few compared to some of her clients.
“Babe, he’s the one who’s gonna be getting it. Right after I propose to him.”
“You’re gonna propose to him?!”
“Yup. Next month on his birthday.”
“Wow. That’s so cool!” I exclaim and Nalini grins.
“Do you wanna get one?” she asks suddenly and my face must look horror-struck because she immediately back-tracks. “Just checking that’s all! You do know that navel piercing is almost completely painless?”
She dumps the folder with different shots of navel piercings right in front of me and then ambles off to the bathroom.
After staring at the folder for a few seconds, I finally flip it open. Looking through a few shots, I have to admit it does look like a sexy thing to have. Maybe someday sooner…
The door dings and my scheduled client arrives. She had been one of Agnas’s but now I have been given the blessed task of inking a tramp stamp above her behind. Why anyone would want their name there is something I’m almost too afraid to ask.
As I’m inking the tattoo, my thoughts drift to Agnas. She hasn’t been down on the floor since the past few days. Even though Neil had mentioned yesterday about her girls night out, I really want to see her, check on whether she’s doing okay. After all, Agnas is the one who took a chance on me when I thought I’d become invisible. She’s the one who had noticed my talent when I’d thought myself clueless.
So after my client leaves I tread up the stairs, feeling a bit cautious about how she might react. The last time I saw Agnas in her room, she had driven both Neil and me out with her death glares. I hope this visit turns out a little better.
I give a tentative knock and a feeble voice answers from inside. Opening the door, I walk into the living room and discover that it looks very different from my earlier visit. Because, one, Agnas is lying washed out on the pristine leather couch and second, there’s a big puddle of puke on the floor right next to her. I rush to her, carefully side-stepping the mess.
“Agnas! What happened? Do you want me to call the doctor?”
She shakes her head weakly. “Won’t…do any good. He said this would happen. I’m so sorry…sorry you had to see this.”
I take her hand in mine. “Oh please, I’m in college. I’ve seen puke fests galore!” I catch her eyes and grin. She grants me a thin smile. Then I stand up and do what my Mom always does when someone’s sick in the house. Order them around.
“You stay here and don’t move a muscle.”
Agnas closes her eyes and sinks further into the couch. “I couldn’t…even if I tried.”
I rush into her bedroom and get her a blanket. Then I rush to the kitchen and give her a glass of water. As she starts sipping, I gather the necessary resources for cleaning up the mess. A few minutes of mad scrambling across the kitchen, the small balcony and the bathrooms finally yields gloves, mop, bucket and a disinfectant. By the time I head out to the living room, Agnas is already fast asleep on the couch.
I wait for a few seconds to check if her chest is heaving. Satisfied with her even breaths, I scrunch up my nose and get down to cleaning the stinky stuff. And the only thing I can say is, thank God for hardwood floors! I don’t even want to think about having to clean this off a carpet.
Once I’m done cleaning, I scrub my hands and scrounge through the refrigerator for something edible. Two limp carrots, three scaly tomatoes and a small weary-looking cabbage. Minestrone it is.
Half an hour later, just as I’m pouring out the soup, I hear a knock on the front door. I tread softly and open the door to find Nalini standing there with a frown on her face.
“Everything okay?” she whispers.
I nod and reply in a hushed tone. “Agnas needed some help with dinner. She’s not feeling too bright.”
Understanding clears her face and Nalini hands over the shop’s keys to me.
“You want help?” she asks.
I shake my head. “I’m done. I’ll just give this soup to her and then head home myself.”
“Okay. I’m off then babe, see you tomorrow.”
After Nalini leaves, I take the soup and some crackers to the living room and keep them on a side-table. Then I give a gentle nudge to Agnas’s shoulder.
Rousing up from her slumber she looks at me with weary eyes. As the disorientation leaves her, a startled expression crosses her face.
“Care for some soup and crackers?” I ask her gently.
Agnas blinks at me for a few seconds and then awareness slides across her face. “Kari? Soup? You made soup for me?!”
I nod in the affirmative and she smiles. “You didn’t have to do that! You already had to clean…” She closes her eyes and sighs deeply. “I’m so, so sorry!”
“Hey, you don’t have to be. No biggie.”
She gives a flat laugh, her face still filled with remorse. I rush to change the subject. “So how about it? Soup?”
She looks at the steaming bowl placed on the table and nods slowly. “Thanks. I’ll just go to the bathroom and brush my teeth first.”
As she slowly trudges across to the bathroom, I clean up the dishes I’d used to make the minestrone. It’s late and Mom will be worried. So, just as Agnas steps out, I tell her I have to get going. As I’m leaving, she hugs me tight and whispers a thank you in my ear.
In spite of the day I’ve had, I walk home feeling not the least bit tired. The small perks of a selfless good deed.
But as soon as I enter the living room, all my bliss fizzles out because Mom is sitting on the couch wearing her blue kitten pajamas and an ugly scowl.
“Kari…”
I break off her reprimand. “Agnas is not well, Mom.”
The scowl immediately clears. “Not well? What happened?”
I wonder if I should tell her everything. Neil has trusted me with this. Should I share it with Mom? The pause becomes long enough to be filled with static, so I don't think, I just rush to fill it. “She’s got AIDS!”
Mom’s mouth pops open and she flops back on the couch as if the air just got kicked out of her lungs. “AIDS?” she whispers.
I nod my head and she gives me a sharp look. “How?”
“From a local clinic in Africa. She fell sick on vacation.”
Mom closes her eyes and shakes her head. “Unbelievable." A beat later she opens her eyes and asks, "Is it an early stage? How much time…?” Her voice trails off but I get her unspoken question.
“Not much. She didn’t look too good today.”
“How can I help?”
I see the earnestness in my Mom's eyes and I realize that’s what I love the most about my Mom. She may not like Agnas’s job or even her person but knowing now that she’s sick…she’ll bend over backwards to help her out. Pure solid gold. My Mom.
I give her a fond smile. “By being yourself.” Then I sit next to her and put my head in her lap. We stay like that for a long time.

Chapter Twelve

I turn listlessly on my bed. It’s almost midnight but the voice just won’t go away. ‘Lie still now…yes, fuckin awesome.’ Bile rushes up my throat. Gagging, I jump off from my bed and rush to the bathroom. The filth inside me is itching to come out.
I just about make it in time. After throwing up noisily into the pot, I crouch next to the sink with my head in my hands.
I’d thought it was all over. That it was behind me now. I'd thought the nightmares would stop. Oh! God. This shit will never be over, will it? Every time I come close to Neil, it’ll surface again. I’ll never be clean again. The thought tortures me and I break down, muffling my sobs with my shoulder.
My phone beeps from the bed. I flush the toilet, blow out the snot flowing from my nose and then walk to my bed, feeling like a very old woman. A text message is blinking on my phone. From Neil.
Wld u believe if I tld u sumthin?
I’m not in the mood for cryptic messages so I just type.
Wht?
His reply is prompt. That I’m d luckiest person alive?
Yah! Right! I type feeling weary and jaded. & y wld that be?
I’ve got an angel lookin over me.
I smirk. Maybe he’s just talking about the soup I made. Men like that sort of thing. Women slaving, slogging over them. My Dad was the same. I type. Is this d minestrone talkin?
Nah…It’s just…
What?! Just…what?! What could he possibly say that would make this night any less crappy? I look down on the phone. Nothing but despair in my heart. I’m gripping the phone so tight my fingers have turned white. Another beep and the screen flashes again.
Just that I…really, really love you.
My eyes start burning and the lump in my throat is so hard it’s almost painful to swallow. I drag in a lungful of air and let it out with a big whoosh. The feeling that washes over me…is completely indescribable. Completely incredible.
As a little girl your mind is filled with snow white, dwarfs, wizards, then you grow up and you realize you’ve got it all wrong. Life’s the dead opposite of a fairy tale. It’s at that time that you need to believe…in something magical. You need to hope there is something out there more fascinating than the dreary mess of your life. Maybe that’s why I like reading fantasy novels so much. The world in there is so much more interesting than mine.
I look at the message again. Memorizing each and every word, every comma, every turn of the letter. Because for the first time in my life, the reality seemed way better than fiction.
My phone beeps again.
Hope u din’t skimp on dinner? Dnt make me climb into ur bdroom…
Oh! This…this boy! He is a tormenting mix of contradictions. Sweet, attentive on one hand. Bossy on the other. Jesus! I am getting in over my head.
Plateful of lasagna, bowlful of salad & half a tub of ice cream. Does tht meet ur approval?
A few seconds too long and he replies.
Jesus! Has food become free?
I grin as I type. No jerk. My appetite’s jst come bck with a bang. Then I write. Hv 2 yrs to make up for.
I get a one word reply. Babe.
After a few seconds. Another one. Gunight. Sleep.
I type before thinking. & sweet dreams? I really need those.
His reply is instantaneous. Havin trouble sleepin?
I drown in remorse. No. Nothin like that. Just sayin.
Okay. Sweet dreams then.
2u2. And…I love you too.
Wish I cld be next to u right this minute.
U r. :  )
:  ) Goodnight, Angel.
Goodnight, sweetheart.
Babe. 
I push the phone under my pillow and plop my head on it. A wide grin intact on my face. It’s like I can’t stop smiling. I try to scowl, to frown, to mope but the smile keeps winning. Maybe they’ll get me for this. The guys up there deciding my fate. I imagine how I’ll look to them. A girl lying on her too hard bed, in her tiny room in a suburbia home in a crammed city, concrete continent, the bluest blue planet in a nondescript galaxy far, far away. They might be very busy those guys. But being this happy? It’s like sending out a beacon to the blight of fate. I shudder and close my eyes. Then something snaps inside me. Something that is tired of being afraid. The resolve strengthens and I decide not to cave in to the fear. I decide not to let go of this feeling. Instead, I open my eyes and tell myself to remember. To remember this moment that I’ll always dredge out from my memories. That will forever keep me warm. This moment when I feel so light, if I tried I could actually fly away. I won’t drown this moment. I’ll let it soar.
I drift off with the smile still intact on my face.
Morning comes but somehow, waking up doesn’t feel like such an unnecessary torment. I'd like nothing else but to scamper off to the shop to meet Neil but I can’t afford to miss college today. My finals are just weeks away and there is an important refresher class today. I whistle incessantly all through my morning routine, even as I walk into the kitchen.
“Good morning, Mom!”
I collect my share of the scrambled eggs and toast, and then I realize Mom is just standing there looking out of the kitchen window, a pensive look on her face. Immediately, all the cheerfulness is sucked right out of me.
“Mom? What is it?!”
She doesn’t say anything for some time and her silence worries me. I keep my breakfast plate back on the island and walk up to her. “What is it, Mom?”
She sighs deeply and then looks straight into my eyes. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
My body jolts. “Told you what?” I whisper.
“About what happened to you, Kari. Why didn’t you tell me?! You thought I’d get angry? That I’d blame you? Judge you? Or did you think I couldn’t handle it?”
I squeeze my eyes shut and turn my back to her. “I just thought…I thought it’ll be over and then I wouldn’t need to bother you.”
“Oh! baby…I’m your mother! You’re not my bother…nothing you tell me could ever be a bother.” I feel her arms go around me and her chest collides with my back. She grips me tight and whispers in my ear. “You’re my baby girl. Nothing in this world is more important or more special than you are.”
The current I’m holding inside breaks and we're both swept in it.
Almost an hour later, after I’ve spilled out everything to Mom, we finally manage to get down to having our breakfast. Around a mouth full of scrambled eggs, I ask her, “Who told you?”
“I got a call from the police station. They want you to give them a call. They need to speak to you about your complaint.”
My spine snaps to attention. “What else is left to say? I told them everything.”
“They said there are some formalities you need to complete.”
I immediately get up and head over to the land line. I hadn’t even remembered giving out the land line number in the police report! Why hadn’t they called me on my cellphone?
“Kari, finish your breakfast first!”
“I need to get this over with, Mom.”
I dial the number and ask for officer Browne. After a long wait, he finally comes on the line.
“Officer Browne? This is Kari. I got a call? About some formalities left for me to complete?”
And then he tells me. That they paid a visit to Eddie’s home yesterday. The apartment where he had taken me is apparently just one of the many properties his father owns across lower Manhattan. His father who is…a senator.
My heart thuds in my chest as he goes on. Every word more devastating than the other. He tells me Eddie has lawyered up. He will now fight against the charges in court. This is now going to go to the court! A public  court.
Oh. God.
The rest of the morning passes in a daze. Tatiana keeps asking me what’s wrong. I have nothing to tell her. No excuses. No evasions. I have nothing left in me to put up any pretenses.
I ignore Neil’s messages and calls as well. I feel so tired. Of people. Their concern. Their questions. Their vile. Just so fucking tired.
After college, instead of going straight to the shop, I head home. Just as I’m about to put my keys in the door, I hear the voices coming from inside. Dad! Oh. Dear. God. Mom told him. Now how will I ever face him?
I turn to walk away when I hear his voice shouting, “You are the reason she’s turned out like this! You’ve filled her brain with rubbish! Congratulations, you’ve turned your daughter into a slut!”
Pain cuts through my heart, slicing it clean. I turn around and rush to cross the street.
“Hey, Pippi! Howz you?!” Nalini’s voice greets me as I enter the shop. One look at my face and she immediately walks up to me, placing her hands on my shoulder. “Babe? You okay?” My face crumples and she envelops me in a hug. Then for the third time in a week, I recount the whole nightmare. For a whole year, I kept it a secret and now it’s like I can’t stop. A dam has been broken and the waves just keep rolling in.
“All you need is a kick-ass lawyer,” Nalini says when I’m finished.
I look at her with bleary eyes. “What?”
“A lawyer. Someone smart who can fight your battle in court.”
I shake my head dejectedly. “We can’t afford that. Mom doesn’t have much of her own money. And from what I just heard, I don’t think my Dad is going to help.”
“You don’t have to worry about that! I can get one for you.”
My head snaps up. What?! “How?!”
Nalini shakes her head.  “My Dad! That’s how! He is a criminal lawyer. Haven’t you heard of Q. Qureshi?”
I nod my head slowly. The name did seem familiar. Then I remember. Something on the internet about him defending a celebrity. The actor had been accused of shooting a trespasser but Mr. Qureshi had helped him evade jail.
“My Dad’s got a whole firm. I can line them up for you, girl! No sweat!”
I gaze at her incredulously. She’s not kidding. She really means it. Nalini is Q. Qureshi’s daughter? Who would have known?! First Neil, now Nalini! I feel like such a butt head. I've had my blinkers on so tight that I completely missed all the rich and famous people I've been working with!
Nalini smiles at me and wipes away my tears. “Life just dealt you a blow, Kari. Now you have to fight back. If you sit still for too long, it’ll just keep punching you in the gut.”
“Nalini…I don’t know how to thank you,” I tell her honestly.
“Then don’t. Now, much as I love to say this...let’s get our asses back to work!”
She hops off and continues with her filing work. But before I get on with my work, I check my phone. There are 15 missed calls and 8 unread messages. “Where’s Neil?” I immediately ask Nalini.
“He didn’t tell you? Agnas had to go for a check-up. He’s with her. They left just before you came.”
“Oh!”
“Does…he know?” Nalini asks me softly.
I nod my head in the affirmative and Nalini gives me a wide smile. “I always knew the panty-melter wouldn’t let us down.”
I roll my eyes as she sniggers, bringing some much-needed normality back into my life.
I type a long overdue reply to Neil’s messages.
Sorry cldnt reply earlier. ur Mom ok?
A minute later and my phone beeps. Just tests. Where were u in mornin?
Oh God, he's pissed! I punch in my reply. Prep classes.
Thankfully, he buys the excuse. Okay. See ya later?
Ok : )
I will tell him everything! But just not now. He has enough on his plate already.
I have just two clients for the evening. One slotted, one walk-in. Both want butterflies. The trending metaphoric emblem of womankind.
After we’ve wrapped up, Nalini and I part ways but not before she tells me that she's already called her father and fixed a meeting for me for next week. God but I have the bestest friends.
Now, I’m lying on my bed buried under my soft quilt and just as I shut my eyes allowing myself to drift, my phone beeps.
Goodnight, Angel.
My fingers can't type fast enough. Goodnight, sweetheart.
Then I place the glowing screen of my cellphone right on top of my heart and go to sleep.

Chapter Thirteen

Just as I’m crossing the street, I notice a dark tinted Hummer parked right next to my house. The hair on my nape prickles and I immediately turn around. I walk back quickly to the shop intending to call my mother or Neil for support when someone blocks my way. I look up and there he is. The cocky grin intact on that stupid face. I have so much hate surging inside me that I'm sure if I had a gun I would have used it on him. And not just once.
“Curiouser and curiouser. First you snag that football star...then you go to the police?” An ugly scowl replaces his mocking smile. “What the fuck, bitch? What do you think is going to happen? People sympathizing with a girl who willingly slept with a guy?” My breath hitches as he takes a step forward and his face contorts with rage. “You watch what I do to you now! You just watch!” He turns around to go and that’s when I decide to speak up.
“What happened Eddie?” The quietness in my voice makes him pause mid-step. But he doesn’t turn around. And even though I know I shouldn’t be provoking him like this, I can’t stop myself. There comes a point in your life when you just have to hit back. Because if you don’t, you know you’ll lose an essential part of yourself.
“Tell me. Did your mother overindulge you? Did your father not pay attention to you when you were a little boy? Did he shove your mother around? Hit you? Tell me because I need to understand. I need to know what made you this way. Tell me, Eddie. Tell me what happened.”
I see him squaring his shoulders just before he turns. His face is deceivingly calm but the vein throbbing in his temple says it all. I brace myself for what’s to come but just as he lifts his fist, a staccato siren blast shakes us both out of our stand-off. I follow Eddie’s gaze to see a police car doing its rounds on our street. I snap my eyes back and find him looking at me with a hatred so intense it’s almost tangible.
“Monday,” he threatens and then walks off. I watch him cross the road, walk down to his SUV and then drive off with his tires peeling the tar.
I drag in a shuddering breath and then make myself walk back home. Mom’s not in but I’m used to her unpredictable routine. Maybe she had to rush back to office after her meeting with Dad? I squeeze my eyes shut at that unwelcome memory. Walking straight into my room, I collapse on the bed. My body feels like it has gone through a wringer and I don’t even realize when my eyes close.
I don't have a single nightmare that night. Far from it. Strangely, all my dreams that night revolve around my impending date with Neil. My first official date with him. I dream about the dress I'm going to wear, the places we'll go, the ways in which he'll touch me, the things I'll say in his ear. I'm beginning to like this falling in love thing.
The next day passes uneventfully and all too soon, it's evening and I'm rushing through my room trying to get ready because Neil is waiting right outside on his bike. And going by the three texts I've received in the last five minutes, he's getting really impatient.
Well, I can't help it! Mom just won't hang up! She's on location somewhere in the city and is insisting on me wearing that hideous monstrosity again!
“Mom! Please!”
“Baby, you need to wear the brown coat. It’s freezing outside. I should know! My butt’s frozen solid out here!”
“Mom! Trust me, I’m all about self-preservation. I’ll put on a jacket, okay?”
“Kari! Any minute now and my voice will freeze into tiny icicles before it reaches you. It’s that cold! WEAR THE COAT!”
“Jeez…okay! Fine! Can I hang up now?”
“Yes.”
“B-y-e Mom.”
“Bye baby….and Kari?”
“Yes, Mom?”
Her voice goes softer. “Take care, baby.”
“I will, Mom. Don’t worry.”
Reluctantly, I put on the hideous brown coat and give one last look in the mirror. Soft lips, moisturized cheeks and brooding eyes. Hidden under the coat, I have on my skinny jeans and an off-the shoulder blouse. Perfect for a first date.
I don’t know where Neil’s taking me but I know I’m not the least bit nervous. Anywhere is a good place to be when he’s with me. Without so much as a second thought, I head out, lock the door and hop on his purring bike.
“Ready?” Neil twists around and his eyes assess me from behind his visor. I give him a confident thumbs up and don my helmet. And then we’re off.
Neil cuts through the motley traffic on choked roads, skilfully dodges all the rush-hour snarls and as we glide onto the highway, he finally hits the pedal. The bike roars to its full potential and then...I forget everything because I am completely overwhelmed by the feeling that comes over me.
This feeling of unbelievable wonder as the wind slips under my skin, waking up each and every pore in my body, turning me into a rebellious cloud, one that’s so fed up of floating in the blue sky that it shoots up into the universe. Finally breaking free of the stratosphere and marching straight into the oblivion.
Meditation on wheels. That’s what I am busy doing all through the one hour ride. Truth be told, I wouldn’t have minded if we’d just driven around for the entire night. But we do  stop and as I get off the bike I realize we’re standing in a park outlined by a high brick wall surrounding its entire perimeter. Then I notice a giant white screen attached to one end of the wall and at a little distance from the screen…a downy blanket is spread out on the ground with a giant gas heater looming right over it. Then I get it.
A drive-in theater! I swivel around and notice the name painted on the giant steel gate through which we’d come in. First Things. What a beautiful name for a drive-in!
“Like it?”
I turn towards his voice. Neil’s standing near the blanket with his arms folded across his chest. A beautiful smile playing on his lips. I sprint across and fling my arms around his neck. “Like it?! I love it!! How did you know?!”
“Know what?”
“That I’ve always wanted to go to a drive-in?! I didn’t even know there was one so close by!”
“Well, it’s not exactly close by. It took us an hour...on my motorcycle.”
I look around us and as I do, I realize something. There’s absolutely no one else around! And I mean no one. No ticket collector, no guard, just an empty vacant walled-in park, a huge screen, blanket, heater and…us.
I pull away and look at him warily. “Where’s everyone?”
“Everyone?”
“The ticket collector...guard…people?!”
“People? Why would we need other people barging in on our date night? And the ticket collector and the guard? Me and…me. And you can also add owner to that list of credentials.”
“Owner?!”
“Yup. I bought it two days back.”
“You bought it two days back?!”
“Yes.”
“Yes?!”
“Why do you keep repeating whatever I say?”
“Because you keep saying crazy things!”
He shakes his head, smiling softly. “Babe.”
I give him my pointer. “Don’t babe me! What possessed you to buy this…this huge land?! ”
“Actually, I'm planning on using this site for my studio."
"Really?! Wow. This must’ve cost a truckload of money!"
"Yeah. Especially since I had them put up that huge-ass security gate at the entrance. But the thing with money? It feels good spending it…on the right things...the right people.”
I scrunch my face and narrow my eyes at him. “Me being ‘the right people’?”
He reaches out and holds my hand, a wicked smile playing on his lips. “You being the best goddamn people!” A sharp tug on my hand and he pulls me in. Our faces come so close I can feel his breath warming my cheek. Sighing contentedly, I rest my face on his shoulders. The sweetness of his gesture has undone me and as inconspicuously as I can, I try to brush away the tears blurring my eyes.
“No tears, Angel,” he murmurs softly.
But of course. Nothing escapes him. I straighten my head and look up at him, feeling all pouty. His eyes gaze into mine then move to my lips and I watch as the passion in them flares into a raging desire. We meet half-way. His hot lips crushing mine with a need so stark it sends a sharp electric wave through my entire body. There’s no sweet and soft in this kiss. It’s a fierce demand that impels you to rise and meet it.
As I cling and wrap myself around him, I realize something in my mind. He calls me an Angel. But it’s he  who has been my savior. When my world felt damned he brought me back, gave me hope, made me burn, made me feel so beautifully, insanely…alive.
God! But I love him! Desperate to feel his skin on my hands I pull out his shirt and dive under, grazing the hot skin of his chest, his neck, his thick hair. All the while, I'm intensely aware of his hands as they brush the skin above my jeans, rub the curve of my waist, squeeze the flare of my hips. My whole body is bursting into flames and all I can think of is…more. I want more. So much more.
My eager fingers reach for the zipper on his jacket, then the buttons on his shirt and all the while our lips keep busy. Kissing, nipping, making love, all on their own. Still it’s not enough. Not even close.
A breath of happy relief escapes me as he removes my coat, reaches for my top buttons and flicks my shirt off in one swift move. Then his lips move down on my neck, to the swell of my breast, while his hand moves up to cup it from below. And then all my sense of control is lost as the most incredible sensations rock my body. The throb of need flashing through my body is so intense it’s almost painful. Any second now and I’ll lose my fucking mind. But he doesn’t rush it. He takes his time. I feel him slipping off the straps from my shoulders and then taking off the cups molded to my breasts. Feeling my skin pucker, I open my eyes and find him staring at my breasts. I wouldn’t have believed the reverence in his eyes, if I hadn’t seen it reflected so clearly.
With a low grunt, he bends his head and pulls in a nipple in his hot mouth. Oh dear lord. “Oh!” My whole body goes limp with relief. While he was hard and insistent before, he is soft and indulgent now. Then with every lick, every nibble he slowly pushes my body into a taut urgent frenzy. I arch my back and lean into his care, my mind too overwhelmed with all the unfamiliar sensations rocking through my body, to worry about stupid things like modesty.
Desperate for more, I tug on his jacket collar, trying to pull him down with me towards the ground. Neil relents and we end up in a heap on the blanket. But he doesn’t stop. The pull of his hot mouth on my nipples is relentless and driving me out of my mind. Writhing and making loud unpronounceable noises, it almost feels like I’m having an out-of-body experience. Then all of a sudden his mouth leaves me and I feel a gentle waft of cool air chafe at my sensitive nipples. Feeling bereft I open my eyes and bring my head up to watch.
The moonlight has robbed his hair of its auburn color making it seem so much darker, so much more irresistible. He’s admiring my breasts again and the hunger in his eyes sends a sharp stab of desire through me. I watch as he brings his head closer and rubs his chin, the scruff grazing sharply against the tender underside of my breast. “Uh!” His eyes move up and when he sees me watching him, the smolder in them deepens. But he doesn’t act on it. He keeps looking straight into my eyes just as I gaze in his. And we stay like that…looking at each other, sharing this…moment. This beautiful indescribable moment. Because sometimes it just takes a look. One look to know you’re in for a lifetime. For a million lifetimes. One look and you know you want to experience every single joy, every sorrow, each and every emotion in your life with that one person in front of you. Soul mates.
Still keeping his eyes locked on mine, Neil moves up till his lips hover just over mine. His expression is so intense, so serious that my breath falters. Then he leans in agonizingly slowly, pausing right above me, letting our breaths mingle, allowing our eyes to do all the talking. I’m excruciatingly aware of each and every place where his body is touching mine and just when I think I’m going to pass out with all the painful anticipation, he cups my face and lowers his lips on top of mine. It begins like a gentle caress but soon turns into an insistent pressure as he wills me to open up. I can do nothing but comply and his tongue delves right in. Then he does such succulent and delicious things that just a few seconds into it and I feel a shuddering wave surging through my limbs. Oh God. I can’t. Not so soon. Not with just a kiss! But as much as I want to deny it my body divulges the signs of what’s about to come. Maybe Neil feels it too because his hand trails down from my breast, to my waist and between our bodies to cup me right there.
A whimper escapes me as he presses his palm over my jeans, making the ridge rub against me in a tantalizing torture. As he sets up a tormenting rhythm with his tongue and his palm, my hands fist helplessly through his thick hair. The shuddering waves pull me in and my hands go limp and fall on the blanket, clenching it into unrecognizable shapes, as my body soars straight to the heavens and slowly glides back.
Neil doesn’t stop. He keeps kissing me along my collar bone, my neck, my lips, loving me as my tremors slowly pass away. Then he lays his head on my chest and we just lie there for some time, letting the peace of the moment seep into us. I run my fingers through his thick hair, stare up at the stars and send my gratitude to the heavens above. I had always read, heard about sex and wondered. Would it be this awesome thing to experience like everyone made it out to be? Then all my hopes and dreams were crushed. I used to see couples walking by and would snigger at their short-lived fantasies. But now? Now I know. Everything they said is so true. I can’t let a prick stop me from falling in love. And maybe I’ll forget this feeling someday. Maybe it’ll just be reduced to a memory made up of a flickering gas heater, the salty dew of his skin and the love in his dark, inky eyes. This feeling of pure unadulterated joy. Of reaching a high so potent that your spirit feels like it’s soaring across the universe…and falling from that glorious peak only to find yourself enveloped in someone’s warm caring hands. When you feel like you’ve just died or been born, right at the same time.
It could be that I’ll forget this feeling someday. But I’m sure it won’t be anytime soon. Maybe when I’m a hundred and looking forward to my lunch of mashed bread. Not one single day before.
For the first time, I have a spectacular preview of things to come in my life and I’m not willing to forego it. In fact, I am so ready for it to begin.
I move my fingers from Neil’s hair to his shoulders and shrug off his jacket, gliding my hands under his shirt and over his bare back. When I rake my nails lightly over his skin, I feel him smile against my chest. My hands still as he raises his head to look at me.
I flutter my eyelashes at him. “What?”
His voice is husky and sexy-as-hell. “You little wench.”
“I wouldn’t say little.” I barely finish when he plucks me from the blanket and hefts me up in his arms. Grabbing the back of my head, he pulls me in for a kiss that is wild, deep and intensely passionate.
Pushed to the very edge and dying to take the plunge, I scramble on my knees to undo the button of my jeans and push them over my hips. He stands up and kicks off his shoes, socks, jeans, his briefs. My appraising gaze drops to the tattoo I inked near his happy trail, rests on him down below and then moves back up to his eyes. And maybe he can’t take what I'm doing to him as well, because he immediately drops to his knees in front of me and snakes his arm around my waist. A breath of happy relief escapes me as he crushes my body to his because finally, we’re skin to skin. 
I let out an inarticulate sound of protest as he breaks apart suddenly and reaches for his jacket. I watch curiously as he digs through the various pockets until I hear the tell-tale crinkle. He pulls the tiny packet out and hands it over to me.
I accept the challenge even though I can’t quite control the quiver in my hands as I try to peel it open. Then I have to dredge up all my femme fatale reserves to roll it on, over his entire length. But as I’m doing it I realize why he wants me to put it on for him. It’s an act so personal, so intimate, requires such absolute conviction in what we’re about to do that it ceases to feel embarrassing any more.
His hands land on my shoulders, give them a gentle squeeze and I look up in his eyes.
His voice is thick and fraught with emotion. “Angel, you know how much I need to love you, to lick every single inch of your skin, take in every inch of you inside me and to just eat you till I pass out from exhaustion?”
I gasp as the bareness of his words hit me at my very core. Taking that as an affirmation, his lips crush mine and my moan is completely swallowed by his hungry mouth.
His mouth still meshed to mine, he puts a hand at the small of my back, the other around my shoulder and pushes us down to lie on the blanket. Panting heavily, he breaks off only to drag his wet lips down my neck, my stomach and finally…finally over the cotton of my panties. With a sure deftness, he hooks a finger and drags them down my legs. Carefully lifting my left leg, he hitches it over his shoulder and bares me to himself.
Strangely, I feel no embarrassment in being so exposed to his gaze. Even though it’s a moonlit night, the darkness cloaking us is heavy, broken only by the ruddy glow of the gas heater towering over us. But then. My lack of awkwardness could also be because of the thoroughness of his earlier efforts. It’s hard to be shy when you’re so fucking turned on.
Then all conscious thought leaves me as I feel his mouth latching onto me…down there. And there is no uncertainty, no hesitation in the way he goes about it. Just a hard pressure and deep, penetrating, mind-blowingly thorough licks. I whimper, moan, howl, writhe, arch my back, dig my heels into his back, fist up the blanket…all unceasing action till I’m reduced to nothing but a boneless mass of ecstasy.
When I get my breath back, I tug him up by his shoulders, trying to pull him up to me. He relents and moves up, poising himself between my legs, nudging me right at my entrance. My entire body hums with anticipation. The weight of him above me, his hardness between my legs. It’s an incredible feeling.
“Open your eyes, Angel,” he whispers into my ear and my eyes fly open. They land on his face and my hands involuntarily come up to cradle it. Tiny beads adorn his forehead, his eyes glisten with love and lust, both in equal measure, his lips tremble with the strain of holding back…the whole spectacular beauty of him takes my breath away. And that’s when I know for sure. I’m ruined. I’ll never be able to look at another guy again and feel this incredible wonder. For me it’ll always be him. Always.
“Baby,” he whispers in the softest of voices and smiles. When he slips into me, I can’t help but close my eyes as I feel my body resisting the intrusion at first. He pushes in more and the slight pain I feel tells me good things are on their way. I make myself relax and run my fingers through his thick hair, loving this moment, this incredible sense of belonging, this beautiful feeling of completeness. I suck in a breath as he pulls out a bit and thrusts once again, deeper and incredibly fuller. Then he begins to move and I’m adrift in a relentless tide of swirling, peaking and crashing waves. And soon after he comes right along with me.
We lie there wrapped up in each other with his delicious weight still on top of me. Blissed and breathless, I kiss his glistening forehead, run my fingers through his wet hair and drift off into our own manufactured piece of heaven.

Chapter Fourteen

There could not be a morning more perfect than this.
I don’t want to open my eyes just yet but the incessant nudging is hard to ignore. Mom’s voice filters in through my drugged sleep.
“Kari! Wake up! Kari…you need to see this…baby, wake up!”
I snap my eyes open and sit upright on my bed, just in time to see Mom rushing out of the bedroom door. WTF?! I look at my alarm clock. 7 AM. It’s much too early! My first class is scheduled for 11 and…I returned home at 2 last night! I need all the sleep I can get!
Thank God, I had called Mom to tell her we’d get late. So although she’d waited up to ‘welcome’ me back, she hadn’t gotten on my case about it.
A memory from last night flashes in my mind and sends shudders through my pleasantly achy body. Riding back, I’d told Neil I was bummed at having missed the movie he’d planned for us to see, though with the giggles interspersed in my sentence I’m sure I failed in portraying my disappointment accurately.
Still before he’d left, Neil had comforted me by saying he’d signed off a lifetime’s worth of date rights to me and I could avail them any time, any day I wished. Then he promptly sealed off his promise with a kiss that was so phenomenal, it reconfirmed why I’d knighted him with the coveted title of the mad kisser. Oh dear God. I am so completely, utterly and totally in love with that boy.
My drowsiness now completely gone, I extract myself from the warmth of my bed and the comfort of my fuzzy feelings. I walk out of my room wondering what Mom is so desperate to make me see. I follow the muffled sounds of the television and drudge into the living room. Mom usually watches the morning news of the channel she works for and as expected she’s standing right in front of it now but what startles me is the hand clasped over her mouth, her expression one of disbelief and anger. I turn to watch what has her so riled up and as my eyes fall upon the television, my step falters.
Eddie’s face is plastered across the wide screen of our television. His lips are moving and he’s saying something to a man sitting right next to him. But I can’t hear what he’s saying. My whole body has gone numb, my ears are ringing with static and all I can see is the twisted sneer on his face and his eyes…his horrible insidious eyes which keep shifting towards the camera. As if he’s making sure it’s on, making sure it’s being broadcasted and being seen…by me.
So this is it. This is the Monday he threatened me with. The realization hits me hard and brings back all the sounds in a cacophonous rush.
“…why did she do it?” I hear the man asking him.
Eddie looks straight at the camera and shrugs. “Just trying to blackmail me…get money out of me, my family. One of those girls, you know? Expensive tastes, pricey habits. But with a single divorced mother…she couldn’t get her hands on any of them. I really feel for her Mom. In spite of her drinking problem, she’s a really nice lady. Very…generous.”
The final punch lands straight in my gut and I wince at the impact.
The camera pans out and I get a glimpse of Eddie's father sitting right beside him. His chin jutting out obstinately, he looks like a man who has everything. Judges he can talk to, police officers he can seek help from, lawyers he can work with.
I have no hope of ever winning this in a court. Not after this. It’s finished. Everything’s finished. Me, my future, Mom’s career, her reputation, relationships. Every single thing in our life will forever be tainted by this. And Neil? The impact this can have on him? I can never be seen with him. Ever.
Every breath is an effort I’m too tired to make but I somehow manage to pull in a lungful and walk back to my room. My stride is slow and deliberate because the weight on my chest seems so unbearably heavy that if I walk any faster, all my organs might just collapse in a heap.
I lock the door of my room and slink back into the protective cushion of my quilt. Maybe If I cover myself well enough, it’ll be like I never existed? Like those people who disappear. All of a sudden. Never to be found again. Maybe the black hole of life will suck me up as well? Because no one benefits from my existence. Absolutely no one.
I try to cry, to scream into the pillow. But it’s like all the energy in my body is being spent just on keeping it together. A single tear, a single word and I’ll disintegrate into a thousand tiny pieces. I squeeze my eyes shut but I still can’t blank out my sight. My vision fixates on the redness of my eyelids and the vacuous circles that keep floating across its surface. Oh God! Please. Just please. Blind me, kill me, just…just end it. I’m so tired. Too tired to do it on my own.
I don’t know for how long I lie there wrapped in my gloom. Maybe minutes. Maybe hours. People keep knocking on my door. Voices keep calling out to me. Soft, loud, sad, cajoling, angry, incessant voices. I shut them out just like I’ve blanked out my vision. Maybe this is what those spiritualists mean by a supreme state of being. When nothing ceases to matter. Nothing exists. Just a vast empty space inside me which keeps growing, taking me in, my each and every cell. Every fiber submitting to its infinite numbness. But then isn’t this state supposed to bring something? Something essential…crucial.
Peace, my heart whispers. I may be able to shut out the world but that’s just me being a coward, isn’t it? There is no elevation in this detachment…unless there is peace.
“Kari. It’s me, Agnas.” I open my eyes and flinch at the tell-tale weakness in her strong-timbered voice. A silence full of anxious static follows those soft broken words.
I uncoil my limbs and make myself get up.
When I open the door, I realize she’s not alone. Mom and Nalini are lurking right behind her. I fight the urge to just slam the door back in its place. I don't do that, instead I deliberately walk back and sit on my bed. I wait for the intervention to begin. You can do this! It’s just a phase. We’ll get through this. You’re not alone! I already know all the lines they’re going to throw at me.
“We have a plan.” I look up at Nalini in surprise. In response, she just crosses her hands over her chest and looks at Agnas who nods at me. I look at Mom sitting beside me. She just shrugs, puts her hand on top of mine and squeezes it.
Eight hours later, we’re in a posh dance club in lower Manhattan. It’s packed with the usual communion of revelers. Busy getting sloshed on sex and success, the crowd is oblivious of the devious play that is being made, right amidst their celebration.
I watch from an obscure spot as Nalini makes her move. In just 8 hours, Nalini and Agnas have managed to hatch up a plan and even get support from Nalini’s father.
Though admittedly, the majority of the 8 hours were spent in Nalini trying to persuade her father. I’m not sure how much of the plan she finally shared with him. I do know it’s not much. If he’d known the entire plan they’d come up with, I’m sure he would have never gone along with it.
As it is, he has done enough to help us get Neil out of jail. Because that was the next blow Eddie gave me. He filed charges against Neil, claiming he had beaten him up without any provocation. Mr. Qureshi arranged a bail bond to get Neil out of jail and back at home, away from the prying eyes of all the media.
Neil has absolutely no clue about our plan. As far as he knows…I’m at home, Nalini’s at hers and Agnas is at a friend’s place. The only person who knows all our real whereabouts is Mom. And going by the number of calls she’s already made to all our phones, she’s as panicked about this whole thing as I am.
Goosebumps erupt all over my skin as I watch Nalini stagger up to the bar. She’s wearing a slinky outfit that hugs her in all the right places. Tantalizing yet leaving enough to the imagination. She’s pretending to be tipsy and I have to admit, I almost believe her myself. She perches atop a bar stool and calls out obtrusively to the bartender who is busy filling up someone else’s drink. I watch with bated breath as both their heads snap in her direction. Both the bartender’s and…Eddie Jameson’s.
The bartender immediately rushes to take her order while Eddie does a complete head to toe examination of Nalini. An icy shiver goes down my spine as I watch his eyes graze over her body. I don’t want her to get hurt! I should have never agreed to this. And I’m so sure he’ll know! He’s cunning like that. One look at her bag and he’ll know there’s a camera hidden in there. I remember what Nalini had told me. She’ll get him interested in her and then try to guzzle him up with spiked liquor. A little something she procured from one of Josiah’s friends. She told me it works like a truth serum and after she’s given him a safe amount of that magic potion, she plans on taking him to Josiah’s empty apartment under a very believable pretext of ‘getting to know one another’. There she will try to get him to say something confessional. And then we’ll have a blitz campaign of our very own…to be aired on media the very next day.
“Nalini’s pulling some serious respect out there,” Agnas mutters and I turn to look at her. She catches my gaze and starts. “What?”
“Since when did you start talking like that?”
She shrugs noncommittally. “Since I’ve known I’m going to be dead in a year.”
I re-install the filter on my mouth and reach for her hand under the table. She grips it tight and I take a deep breath. Thank God for my friends.
When I turn back to look at Nalini, I realize she’s been successful in completely engaging Eddie. She’s chatting him up now and he’s lapping up all her attention like a big drolly puppy dog. Nalini is a real pro at this game. So much so that if I hadn’t been paying close attention, I wouldn’t have noticed the slight flick of her wrist as she spikes his drink, just when he looks away at the dance floor.
For the next fifteen minutes, my eyes don’t leave Eddie as I coax his subconscious to keep reaching for his drink. When he finally finishes it, I see Nalini lean in and whisper something in his ear. The ‘let’s get out of here’ line.
Nodding his head eagerly, Eddie scrambles up and rushes to follow Nalini who’s already half way through to the door.
We get out of the club in a hurry to follow them in our car.
Eddie is driving a swank AMG and I realize Agnas is struggling to stay on his tail in her beat-up pick-up. Her work made all the more difficult because she also has to make sure we don’t get too close to them. It’s a very hard undertaking. Our car is about as inconspicuous as a German Shepherd on roller skates.
Driving like a maniac, Eddie is zipping along, just barely stopping for all the traffic lights. Where is a patrol car when you need one?
I begin to relax a little as we near Josiah’s apartment. But that’s the biggest mistake I make. Because as we enter the street, I get distracted trying to find a parking spot for us, not immediately realizing that Eddie doesn’t plan on stopping. His car just slows down for a few seconds and then he zips straight across, jumping the red light.
Agnas and I both gasp simultaneously, just as the red tails of his AMG disappear around the next block. Tires screeching, Agnas races to catch up with him. But it’s no good. It's too little, too late. Then to make things worse, a car blocks our way just as we go around the corner. It takes an awful lot of time for us to go past it and by the time we hit the main road, there are just too many cars, too many corners, too many side roads for him to have taken.
That's when it hits me…we’ve lost him! We’ve lost Nalini! Oh fuckfuckfuck. What do we do now?! Did he know? Of course, he knew! Fuck. What the hell happened?!
Agnas starts driving around like a crazed woman and I’m so panicked I can’t think straight. I can’t fucking think straight. A sob escapes me. I got Nalini into this. I got her into this. Jesus. I swipe at the tears streaming down my cheeks. Think you stupid girl. Think. THINK. The list! The fucking list!
“The list!” I yell at Agnas who is so focused on scanning the streets I don’t think she even hears me. I scramble for my cellphone and with shaking fingers search for that one number that can be our only savior. Got it! I press the call button and pray harder than I’ve ever prayed before. “Please. Please. Please. Answer the phone. Oh please!”
“Officer Browne.” A wave of relief crashes over me as I hear his voice.
“Officer, this is Kari! Do you remember me?! Please, I need your help!”
“Kari? Yes. Yes…of course. What’s wrong?”
“It’s Eddie…he’s taken one of my girlfriends somewhere. We were following him in our car and he just took off. I don’t know what he’ll do…where is...?”
“Hold on, Kari. Where was he coming from and where did you last see him?”
“Officer…please…I need the list. We were in Club DNF and I’ll tell you everything later but right now…I need to find him. I need the list of all those properties that you’d mentioned? The ones his father owns in lower Manhattan? Please, officer.”
There’s just static on the other end of the line and my already panicked heart goes into overdrive. “Officer?!!! Please! Hello?!!!” I look up at Agnas who’s already looking a little defeated as she strains her neck trying to look at the array of cars all around us.
“Oh God! Please…” My voice breaks and my shoulders slump helplessly. He was my last hope.
A staccato voice shakes me out of my despair. “Kari…listen…out of the properties…there are only three which are not rented at the moment. And out of these, there is only one close to Club DNF. I’m just messaging you the address.”
“Oh! Thanks officer Browne…thank you!”
“Kari…I’ll advise you not to do anything stupid. I know which car Eddie drives and I’ve already sent out an alert for him. Trust me…we’ll do the needful...”
“I know, I know…please send me the address. She’s my…friend.”
Seconds after he hangs up I get the address on my phone. Agnas takes one look at it and changes her course in a swift roundabout.
“It’s just a block away,” she informs me in a low voice and I let out the breath I’ve been holding. There’s time. There’s still time. Oh God, please. Let there be time.
We enter a plush street lined with rows and rows of white picket-fenced houses. Hell’s own Wisteria Lane.
My eyes immediately zero in on the white AMG parked haphazardly across a driveway. It’s a large two-story house. One of the bigger ones on the street. Agnas turns to park the car right behind the AMG but I don’t wait. Even as she’s pulling in, I open my door and dash out towards the house. Just as I’m about to turn the knob, a loud crash resounds from inside.
Frantic, I rush inside and find myself standing in an empty dark living room. I sprint across to the lobby and hear muffled voices coming from upstairs. Doubling up the stairs, I run into the first bedroom I come across but my steps falter as I take in the sight. Eddie is standing with his pants and briefs pulled down. Nalini is kneeling in front of him. Mascara streaking down her cheeks, hair limp with sweat, the nuzzle of a small revolver digging into her skull.
My beautiful friend. My brave beautiful friend. He’s reduced her to this. Something snaps inside me at seeing her demeaned like that and without the slightest hesitation I plunge at him with a furious cry.
The lightning that decides to strike right at the same time is my biggest ally at that moment. That and the magic potion Nalini gave him. Surprised, sloppy and overwhelmed, the punches I land on Eddie's face stun him out of his wits.
Nalini is swift enough to grab the revolver and as soon as she does that, we both retract to the wall behind. He stands up shakily, looking to and fro between us.
“What…what are you…?” his voice trails off as he gets it. Then he starts laughing. Nalini points the revolver straight at his junk but that only makes him laugh harder.
“You stupid bitches…Oh you stupid, stupid bitches…” He keeps laughing and my blood boils at seeing him so unaffected, so unafraid of us. Specially after what he’s just tried to do.
“Don’t you realize? I play the law...I’ll get you both arrested…trespassing, assault, pre-meditated attempt to murder…the choice is endless…”
He stops laughing abruptly and gives me a pointed look. “You’ll pay for this…you’re finished, you hear me. I will bury you…you’re so…” A loud pop cuts him off and I startle as a strange look crosses his face. Not shock, not anger, not even fear. His face is completely expressionless. A clean slate like the day he was born. Before the vagaries of human nature transformed him, made him into the demon he is.
Glassy-eyed, his body slumps to the floor with a loud thud. I stand there transfixed, as my eyes trail the gush of crimson oozing out of his privates and onto the lush carpet.
Vinegar and soda bicarb. That’s the only thing that will ever get that stain out. Someone’s shaking my shoulder. I look up into Agnas’ eyes, then to her lips which are moving in slow motion, then to the soft waft of smoke coming out of the nozzle of her gun. The smoke swirls, drifts and then disappears as if nothing ever happened.
“…understand, Kari?! You need to take Nalini out of here. You hear me? The police must be on their way…I did this, okay? He was going to shoot you both and then I acted in your self-defense. Okay? Do you understand?”
I nod my head and make myself say the words. “I understand.”
Then I hold Nalini’s hand and tug on it. She’s standing there, her eyes focused on the blood soaking through the carpet. I put an arm around her shoulders and make her move, out of the room, down the stairs and out…into the clean air, under the pouring sky. I make her sit in the back seat of the car but just as I’m about to shut the door, Nalini grips my wrist and stops me.
“Babe…I’m sorry. It was a stupid plan,” she says in a low voice. I kneel down beside the car and pull her in for a hug.
I risk talking only after I’ve cleared my throat a couple of times. But I finally say it. “Shut up.”
She tightens her arms around me. “At least the fucker’s dead.”
I nod my head into her shoulder. “There’s that.”
The sirens come blazing in a few minutes after that and from then on, it all goes to hell. Reports, records, first account, second account, interviews, details, cross questioning. The roll of procedure is endless. But in the end it’s all worth it. Because…at the very least, the fucker is dead.

Epilogue

“Never make eye contact with a stranger when you’re having a churro.”
“What?” I scrunch my face at Nalini who’s taken it upon herself to educate me in the ways of the world.
“And that applies to a banana as well.”
I have nothing to beat her back with so I just resign myself to it. We’re wading through waist deep waters in a dark underground cave somewhere in the middle of the world’s largest rainforest in Brazil, and this is the kind of random philosophical bullshit I’ve had to put up with for the last two hours. At least now, freedom and more importantly silence…is just a few feet away.
In the reprieve Nalini allows me, I think back on the last seven months. It’s been a hell of a ride. First, we had to go through all the legalities that Eddie’s father threw at us. Then once Agnas and both of us had been acquitted after a much publicized court battle, the media latched onto Neil for all the juicy details. Thank God they never found out about Agnas. This trip had been her idea. She had wanted us to go away for some time. Away from all the flashlights that had followed us for the last seven months.
It had been utter hell. Anything we did, bought, ate or threw had become a topic for intense debate and deliberation. But at least it made me understand why Neil had been so eager to give it all up. No amount of money could justify that kind of torture. Speaking of which...
Right on cue, Nalini starts off with another one of her quips. “Blue eyes, delectable apple, hairy chest and a rightie…your turn!”
Though I really don’t want to encourage her, I have to clarify the mind-boggling mix of words she just flung at me. “What?!”
Nalini lets out an exasperated sigh as if I’m the one chewing the brains out of her very hard skull! “Boyfriend description! I just described Josiah. Now it’s your turn!...Jesus!” she mutters under her breath.
I have to really stop myself from lunging at her.
Oh okay. What the heck! I just have to play along for a few more minutes. “Blazing eyes, lickable lips, delicious cleft, hard pecs and…a rightie,” I tell her.
“Really? Not much common between our BF’s, huh? Well, apart from the way they hang.”
I almost lose my footing as I struggle to right myself. Giving her a death glare, I turn around the corner and realize Josiah and Neil are standing on the banks just a foot away from us. They must have heard everything!
And sure enough as I wade nearer, I see wide grins plastered on both their mud-caked faces. Jesus! I’m going to kill this girl!
Trying hard to keep a straight face but failing completely, Neil reaches out his hand to pull me up. I slap it away and clamber ungracefully up the bank all by myself. This only results in howls of laughter erupting from behind me. Without looking back at the nasty lot, I march right out of the cave and into the bright sunlight.
“Hey wait up, baby!” Neil runs behind me as I keep up with my furious pace. My mission? To get the nasty brown sludge off of me as soon as possible and then use the objects close at hand to plot revenge against the evil witch who used to be my best friend.
“Angel!” Even though I’m almost sprinting along the trail that leads back to our camp, Neil still manages to catch up with me. Darn him for his long luscious athletic limbs! Oh! Alright! I have nothing against those gorgeous limbs.
Neil catches me by my elbow, halting me mid-stride. I swing around to face him but before I can say anything, he crushes his lips to mine. Double darn it! He’s not playing fair. He knows I can’t resist this. Because…it’s just…so…so so good. He wraps his arms around me and my body melts in his embrace. Every time he kisses me it’s like he’s opening a part of me I hadn’t even been aware of before. I have never felt more alive. More loved. More wanted.
“I want you,” I break off to whisper in his ears, trying hard to put all my love, all my longing in those three words. He pulls back to gaze into my eyes and then in one swift motion he picks me up, carrying me in his arms the rest of the way.
A guy like him? He beats every vampire, werewolf, highlander fantasy I’ve ever had. More than what a girl like me had ever dreamed of.

**THE END**

Note: Hi! Dear reader, please do take some time out to write an honest review on iBookstore (Apple). To sweeten the deal, if you e-mail me a link of your review, I’ll send you my next novel, Wear You Down, Book Two in the First Things series, for free! E-mail me at rucyban@gmail.com

 Pre-order WEAR YOU DOWN (Book Two of the First Things Series) 

About the Author
Rucy Ban was born in 1978 and still continues to thrive. Ever since she first met Francine (the protagonist of her favorite novel, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn), Rucy fell in love with the written word. Rucy has a B-school degree in Marketing which she now puts to good use teaching lovable rowdy rogues and negotiating with her equally belligerent adolescent. At present, Rucy lives in Sao Paulo, travels often, speaks decent, if not quite fluent, Portuguese and really hates talking about herself in third person.
***

I'd love to hear from you!
rucyban@gmail.com
www.facebook.com/rucy.ban
https://twitter.com/rucyban



