COPYRIGHT

How to love a Princess

Published by Claire Robyns
Copyright © 2012 by Claire Robyns
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person or lend it through the appropriate retail channels. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. To obtain permission to excerpt portions of the text, please contact the author at claire.robyns@googlemail.com

All characters in this book are fiction and figments of the author’s imagination.

www.clairerobyns.com



Prologue


“Wake up, cucciola.”
Catherine’s dream blended into the soft morning light streaming through the blinds. She opened her eyes, reluctant to release the night, the love…the fulfilment that swelled her heart. Her breath caught as knuckles grazed her cheek tenderly from behind and the husk whisper repeated itself, warm and teasing against the curve of her collarbone.
“Wake up, cucciola. The day is half gone.”
The deep baritone sent a wave of warmth pushing through her tummy and down to her toes. Her eyelids slowly shut on a smile lit from inside as she eased from her side onto her back. 
It’s real. 
All real. 
No dream. This is now my life. My love.
“Nicolas,” she murmured, still smiling, her eyes still closed. “Pinch me. Quickly.”
Those slender, capable fingers went up her throat, slowly and provocatively, and then went on to trace her smile. “There are many things I’d do right now, dolce cuore, but pinching is not one of them.”
“I thought the day is half gone,” she teased, well aware that for Nicolas, who usually woke at five a.m. and often worked throughout the night, half the day could mean anything between eight and ten in the morning. She opened her eyes to look at him and stretched the foreign stiffness from her muscles. 
“So it is.” He brought his rogue grin low to brush her lips in a tender kiss, then toppled his side of the covers on top of her and slid from the bed. 
Catherine groaned. She’d led such a ridiculously sheltered life that there was no doubt much more he’d have to teach her, but there was one contribution she’d make to this relationship: Nicolas Vecca would be made to see the advantage of lying in, especially on a Sunday morning. 
She watched him pad to the bathroom, all they’d shared still new enough to make her blush. She instinctively pulled the sheet up to her throat. 
He turned around at the bathroom door and her gaze flew up to his handsome face, much more familiar and comfortable with that sight than the body he had no qualms about displaying. A lazy grin slashed his bristled jaw and she saw, with a warm jolt to her heart, that the depths of his brown eyes held a languid smile and none of the energetic vitality that usually brimmed from a mind that never stopped.
“Where are you going?” Not to work, Catherine prayed. Not today. Not after last night.
Nicolas gazed at the woman he loved more than life. Oh, yes, it had taken him all of three minutes to fall in love with her, but three long months to admit it to himself. 
His grin grew. 
He couldn’t help it. 
His research team were going to have a field day come Monday if he went in with this half-baked grin plastered on his face. He held her vivid blue eyes for another moment, then grazed further down, over her flushed cheeks and stubborn chin, the swirl of auburn tangles hitched there, and to the slim fingers clutching the sheet at her throat. The sapphire stone on her ring finger glinted blue fire in a ray of sunlight streaming through the blinds. So much like her eyes. 
If his grin wasn’t half-baked before, it surely was now. 
Nicolas laughed, lifting a broad shoulder in an amused shrug as he imagined the comments that would fly in his laboratory. 
He didn’t care. 
The woman who’d driven him crazy for three months was here, in his home, in his bed, in his heart. Soon to be his wife. Today, he couldn’t seem to care much about anything else. 
He’d already begun the process of schedule shifting and delegation that would open up his life to include Catherine and the family they’d make, and it cumulated into today. “I’m going to make us breakfast and then we are going to spend the day doing exactly as you wish.”
Blue eyes flashed mischievously. “Now I know I’m dreaming. I cannot possibly be getting Nicolas Vecca to myself for the entire day.”
“You’re getting him for the rest of your life, dolce cuore,” he murmured, smiling. 
Then, before he gave in to the temptation to jump back into bed and show her just how much he loved her for a few more hours, Nicolas went into the bathroom and turned on the shower. Within seconds, the steaming water was washing over his body. He closed his eyes and threw his head back, allowing his mind to wander over the unease that habitually crept up on him. 
At twenty-one, Catherine was more innocent than most women her age. All along, he’d attributed his reluctance to take their relationship into the bedroom to his conscience. While he enjoyed physical pleasures, he was serious about responsibility and duty and, in his eyes, taking a woman’s virginity came with many responsibilities. Now, however, now that he’d admitted how much he loved her, that he couldn’t live his life without her, now that he’d proposed and she’d accepted, he had reason to wonder. 
Conscience…or fear? 
He hadn’t wanted to be just the man she lost her virginity to. 
He hadn’t wanted to be a pleasant memory she one day shared with a close friend, or maybe even a future lover. 
Catherine was still much of a mystery to him. She had come to London on some extended tour to celebrate her coming of age. Yes, he had been afraid that he was no more than an extension of that celebration, a tourist attraction on her journey into adulthood. That he was simply the vessel she’d chosen to awaken the secret of sexual pleasures.
Nicolas turned the taps off and grabbed a towel. As he rubbed down his body and dried his hair, the irony was not lost on him. For one who’d never suffered a shortage of female company, he must be the first and only man in his generation to insist on marriage before taking his—this specific—girlfriend to bed. 
Once again, he did not care. 
Catherine was his now. She’d promised to be his and he’d hold her to that promise. The sooner they were wed the better. And the sooner he learnt more about her, the easier he’d sleep at night. 
Her name was Catherine de’Ariggo. Born in New York, she was twenty-one and had obviously led a protected life—until she’d decided to travel a little before completing her Masters in Psychology and Sociology. 
She was beautiful and impish and incredibly stubborn. 
She was full with life and quick to laugh. 
She was sweet and her heart was gentle. 
She was his and he loved her.
Nicolas hitched the towel at his hips and left the bathroom, a quick glance at the empty bed on his way to the wardrobe telling him that Catherine was up. 
He felt as if he knew everything there was to know about his wife-to-be and nothing at all. He dressed quickly in denims and a black T-Shirt, then made his way down the stairs to the open-plan kitchen and living area. “Catherine…?”
The fridge door was open, stainless steel and high enough to tower above her head. She stepped back and shut the door, holding up a carton of eggs. “I thought I’d help.”
He laughed, coming forward to round the granite counter divider. “What you know about cooking is dangerous.”
He reached for the carton and she held it away with a giggle. “Then you’ll have to teach me how to make your famous herb omelette.”
“Very well.” He stood aside, leaning against the counter, content to admire the midnight blue sundress that caressed her figure and swirled at her calves. “You’ll need the whisk and a bowl to start with.”
Catherine knew exactly where to find the utensils she needed. She’d watched Nicolas cook often enough. When she brought the things to the counter, he came to stand behind her, his chest flush with her back, his arms around her, his hands covering hers protectively with all the warmth and strength of the man himself. Together they selected one egg and broke the shell against the rim of the bowl.
“I do know how to crack an egg,” she protested, while her spine rippled with pleasure at his closeness.
“I wouldn’t know,” he murmured at her ear. “I know so little. Today, we get to know each other thoroughly.”
Although softly spoken, she understood the edge to his tone. “Today,” she promised, and this time her shiver held a trace of apprehension. “You might not be so eager to marry me once you learn all my dark secrets,” she added, only half teasing.
“There is no secret dark enough, no crime vile enough, no discovery black enough to keep me from you, little one.”
Moisture gathered in the corner of her eye. But it would be fine, she told herself. She was, after all, the first woman in her family to be free. The curse was broken. She could live her life here in London, as a wife and, hopefully, a mother, without the haunting shadows of her ancestry and country.
Turning her head, she lifted her chin to him, her heart filled with an abundance of love that pushed fresh tears of joy to her eyes.
“What’s this?” he asked as their gaze met. “No tears allowed today.”
“Happy tears. I’m so in love with you, it feels as if my heart cannot contain it all.”
“I know the feeling.” Smiling—he just couldn’t stop doing that today—he started to bring his hand up to wipe beneath her eyes. 
She turned her body slightly to fit into him and an instant later they both jumped at the deafening crash. Tears forgotten, Catherine squiggled free, saw the mess of the shattered bowl and the carton of eggs swept from the table, and groaned.
Nicolas chuckled. “I said this would be dangerous.”
She went to wet a cloth beneath the tap and came back, looking up at him as she dropped to her knees. “This is all your fault for distracting me.”
“Guilty as charged.” He chuckled harder. “I must admit, you make a pretty picture on your knees, scrubbing floors.”
“Chauvinistic pig!” But she laughed as well, fully aware that he’d proposed knowing exactly how useless she was when it came to domestic chores.
“Very well,” he said, moving to grab the house keys from the peg on the wall beside the fridge, “this chauvinistic pig will just run down to the corner shop for some more eggs, if that’s all right with my beautiful wife?”
“I’m not your wife yet.”
“Yes, you are.” He came alongside her and swung her straight from the floor into his arms with a twist that put her flat against his chest. His kiss was deep, probing and thorough, and left her utterly breathless. “After last night, cucciola mia, the wedding ceremony is but a formality.”
“Hmmm.” She kissed him back, moulding her lips to his warmth, not about to argue.
Too soon, he set her down and tipped her nose. “I won’t be long.”
Catherine cleaned the mess, was rinsing the cloth in the sink when the door chimes sounded. She shook her head as she went to answer it, convinced that she’d seen him take the house keys. He must have set them down when he pulled her into his arms and forgotten to collect them on his way out.
“And I’m supposed to be the one hopelessly inadequate at—“ Her words froze as she pulled the door open and saw the last person she’d ever expected to see. Here. Now. 
“Good morning—”
“What are you doing here?” she cut through his greeting. “How did you find me?”
The six-foot-five bear of a man, completely bald shaven, his black eyes even more sombre than was usual for him, attempted to step past her. “Can I come in?”
Her hesitation was minimal. Accepting that she was beaten, Catherine threw her hands up and stood back.
“Is Nicolas here?”
She turned on him with flashing eyes. “What do you know of Nicolas? How did you know I’d be here? I was promised—”
“Whatever the circumstances, you are Princess Amelia Catherine Theresa of Ophella. Did you honestly think your movements would not be monitored?” He sounded both reprimanding and regretful.
Catherine closed the door and sighed. Gascon was her closest friend; he loved her as a father, he respected her as any other subject of Ophella, he abetted her in any way he could. But not even for her would he neglect his duty to the crown. He’d been appointed her bodyguard on the day she was born and she should have known that, above all, he watched over her and protected. 
“Catherine…” he started, using the middle name she’d always preferred.
“Don’t Catherine me,” she muttered. “I’m furious with you and you’d better leave before Nicolas returns. He doesn’t know…yet. Arrange a place and we can meet tomorrow.”
Gascon lifted a thick black brow, then gave her a half smile that seemed more sad than stern. “That isn’t possible, Catherine. Please, sit down. I would not have disturbed you, but I have distressing news.”
Catherine frowned as unease gripped her heart. She took a deep breath. “What is it? My mother? Not problems at the mines, I hope.”
He shook his head, waiting a long beat, waiting until it became apparent that she was not going to sit. “Jevron and Alexander were returning from New York on a late night flight, Catherine. The plane went down.”
Her lips parted on a ‘No’ but not a sound released from her instantly parched throat.
Gascon saw the blood drain from her face and held his arms out to gather her into himself as her knees gave way. He carried her to a sofa and sat down, cradling her on his lap.
Suddenly she sat up, her eyes shimmering into his. “They’re alive. They must be. What have the search parties—”
“The plane was tracked and easily found.” He pushed her cheek to his chest and stroked her hair. “Their bodies have been retrieved.”
No, screamed Catherine’s heart. 
Dear God, please…no! 
She gave in to the terror for a few long minutes, drawing comfort from Gascon’s arms, the man who’d always been more father to her than her own. And then she sucked in a deep, unsteady breath and pushed out of his arms. “I must…I must go home.”
Whatever her burdens, whatever her sorrow, she was a royal princess and duty came before else. She couldn’t lose herself to grief now. She couldn’t crawl into a corner and damn the world for taking more than its due. She couldn’t drop to her knees and scream the thousand curses storming her head at such a cruel fate that would take her brothers. 
Her mother needed her. 
Her country needed her. 
There’d be time to fall apart after she’d stood at her mother’s side and addressed their mourning nation.
Gascon rose as well and, in his eyes, she saw that there was more even before he spoke. “They were assassinated, Catherine. Someone got through our security and placed plastic explosives aboard the royal jet.”
She pinched her eyes to keep the tears at bay, to drown the petrified cries and close the black hole that threatened to open in her heart. 
Alex and Jev, her wonderful, brave, handsome, loving, laughing brothers. The Black Princes of Ophella, they’d being lovingly dubbed by all, for their dark complexions and peat black hair, not for their hearts which were whiter than most. 
They could not be gone. This could not be happening.
She opened her eyes. 
This was happening. 
Her eyes were open, yet still it felt as if she were walking blindly, groping for her purse where it lay on a side table, stumbling towards this door. “I must get home, Gascon. My mother needs me.”
“What of Nicolas?”
Her heart jumped. Nicolas! She could not think of him now. That would have to come later. She rubbed her eyes as another kind of grief overwhelmed her strength and courage. She had to think of him. There would be no later. “Nicolas…”
“He should know,” Gascon said.
Catherine shook her head slowly, sadly. “Whatever we had is…past.” She choked on the words, but they had to be said.  Acknowledged. The deep breath she needed to continue staggered from her lungs. “I’m now heir to the throne. The curse hasn’t been broken after all.”
“Maybe he is different.”
She stared into Gascon’s black, worried eyes. Nicolas Vecca was a power in his own right. Dominant and aggressive in the field of medical research, having already achieved many breakthroughs in the mysteries of blood disorders that had stumped the world for years. He was proud and arrogant, a product of both his Italian father and all that he’d already achieved at the impossibly young age of twenty-eight. He was a genius, applauded for his brilliant work. He was the strongest of strong men.
The curse that she’d inherited ate strong men. The stronger they were, the more furiously it corroded. 
She’d lived through the proof with her absent father, the memory of a man who’d faded from an overwhelming, larger-than-life figure to a ghostly shadow with each passing, infrequent visit. She’d once thought that if the world ended, her father would somehow survive to create a whole new world; she’d grown up to learn first hand that “the bigger they are, the harder they fall,” was more than a careless saying.
She’d buried her grandmother beside the eroded tomb of her husband, who’d taken his own life after a mere two years of marriage. 
The curse broke strong men, wheedled and whittled them until they were but a fraction of their former self and then it either sent them running off across the ocean or jumping from the North Tower. Or, as in the case of her great-grandfather, drove them to drink and recklessness that ended in a fatal car crash.
Catherine changed direction, hurrying to the kitchen and pulling out the drawer that held stationery. With trembling fingers, she jotted down her goodbye, then pushed the paper beneath the whisk. Her fingers might be trembling, but her heart was shattering into a million pieces. She didn’t want to be this strong. She wasn’t this strong. 
Slowly, she twisted the ring on her fourth finger. Love fortified her weakness.
Forgive me Nicolas. This is the only way I know of to save you. Think kindly of me and then move on with your life. Be happy, my darling. Find someone to love you as much as I do.
The silent goodbye was punctuated with tears. Words she dare not write down, lest he tried to find her, lest he continued to love her. 
“Let us go,” she called through blind sobs, running for the door. “Please, let’s just go…”
Nicolas strolled down the path lined with the cherry and apple blossoms of spring, breathing in the fresh air and feeling rather foolish at his heart that seemed as light and breezy as the air blowing in from the Thames and threatening to take flight. Romantic fool. No one would believe you were a scientist at this moment.
He turned the corner, about to walk up the street that led to his Chelsea home, when a wisp of blue caught his eye. He stopped, frowning at the couple further up the bank for a minute as he watched them step aboard the motorised boat, a sleek yacht with a large front cabin and no sails, the type that relied solely on the motors at the rear. Such yachts were not common in this part of the Thames. One was more likely to see barges, tourist ferries and the entertainment boats that hosted parties and candlelight suppers on the river. 
But it wasn’t the boat that held his attention. 
The woman’s vivid blue sundress and long, dark auburn hair clutched at his heart and he was unable to breathe for a moment. From this distance, he didn’t recognise the bald-headed man helping her into the boat before. 
Nicolas groaned aloud at his ridiculous insecurities and cursed himself yet again for a fool. Catherine was not the only auburn haired woman in London who owned a blue sundress. Catherine was at home, in his kitchen, waiting. He continued abruptly on his way, refusing to glance over his shoulder, angry at the unsettling feeling in his gut. Weakness of any nature was foreign to him. As wonderful as love was, he’d never felt so vulnerable.
Deal with it.
He was grinning again as he unlocked his front door, remembering the love in Catherine’s eyes, the passion awakened in his arms, his own assertion that nothing would ever come between them. 
He found the note even before he had a chance to call or look for her. The white paper attracted his attention as he hung the keys on the peg.
Curiosity aroused, he tugged it free from beneath the whisk and gave the words a precursory scan. Then the faint feeling of unease in his gut turned foul and his expression blackened. His jaw tensed as he held the note closer, quite willing to doubt his twenty-twenty vision.
Thank you for last night. I’ll always treasure what we shared. 
The words had the power to crack his heart more easily than the fragile eggs they’d cracked earlier. But maybe it wasn’t what he thought, maybe it didn’t mean…and then he saw what he’d missed, what had remained behind when he’d tugged the note from beneath the whisk. He picked up the sapphire ring and balanced it in his palm, staring at the gleaming stone, refusing to believe, unable not to anymore.
Cazzo. He dropped the ring onto the counter and ripped the note into a hundred pieces.
And then he raced out the door and down the street, not stopping until he came in view of the Thames. The yacht had already lifted anchor, the powerful engines growling deep as it sliced waves in the water to turn and head in the direction of Greenwich and the river mouth.
He zipped across the street, mindless of the car that bleated a warning at him, charging down the walkway along the Thames, not knowing what he hoped to achieve, not capable of rational thought.
The engines roared and the yacht gathered speed, leaving a frothy rippled trail in its wake as it sped away from him.
Panting, Nicolas forced himself to stop. The smaller the boat became, the smaller his heart shrunk. 
What? Why? If it took him the rest of his life, so help him God, he’d find the answers.
The explosion rocked the Sunday morning calm, carrying thunder and lightening and all the wrath of the God he, in that instance, doubted out of existence. 
In stupefied pain, he watched the yacht rip apart at the seams, shooting wood and steel and glass into the air in a burst of flames. The inferno tormented him, taking him to the edge of insanity, skittering a dull ache up his arm and into his heart. He thumped his chest, knowing well that he was in excellent health and not suffering any heart attack. Still, it felt as if his heart was under attack, would succumb and be held a prisoner forever. 
His legs started to move, no longer running, the fog of pain blocking out the world and reality as he walked up the bank. 
The sirens came long before he reached the burning wreck. 
His heart died long before the rescue workers salvaged what was left of the bodies, not even enough parts to make one whole person, let alone two.


1


Catherine descended the elegant stairway with a heavy heart. So lost was she in her thoughts, she failed to see Gascon step out to greet her at the bottom and walked straight into his massive chest. 
He caught her in his strong arms and set her aside. “Any improvement with the Queen?”
Her stricken blue gaze went to him and held, begging an answer none seemed to have. “What are we going to do, Gascon? How is it possible that in this day and age of science, they can’t even tell us what is wrong?”
“We wait and pray,” he replied.
“She grows weaker every day.” Catherine shook her head wearily. This could not continue. Fourteen long weeks with no improvement. She would not watch the life ebb from her mother another day. Her chin went up, her shoulders squared back and some of the blue fire that had been missing for these last months returned to her eyes. “No more waiting. I know what I must do.”
From the way she held herself, Gascon knew at once. She’d mentioned this option a few times. He also knew how much courage her decision took. “I’ve summoned another leading expert from Switzerland. He arrives tomorrow. Maybe he can tell—”
“He’ll examine his results and tell us nothing new,” she blurted angrily. “They find and cure diseases every other day. Why and where in hell did my mother contract the single ailment on earth that cannot be understood or cured?”
“That’s not quite true, Catherine. Many things are not yet understood—”
“This is my mother. Our queen. She will not die.” Her voice grew smaller as the fury ebbed. “I will not permit it.”
“Give them time.”
“She doesn’t have time,” Catherine argued softly, once more in control. “You must go to him, Gascon. Offer him anything he wants.”
“His reputation is phenomenal. His research grants are overwhelming, awarded from the American government as well as half the European governments, not to mention the private Pharmaceutical Industries.” 
Catherine knew. She’d followed Nicolas Vecca’s astounding success on the satellite news broadcasts, the international newspapers imported from around the word and the Internet. Ophella might be a minute European Kingdom stuck away behind the mountains, but the universe wasn’t large enough to hide Nicolas Vecca from her. And she had tried to hide him. At least for a while. “Our mines are rich enough to offer him the world.”
“Are you so sure he doesn’t already own it?” Gascon muttered as he took his leave.
Catherine stood at the bottom of the stairwell, clutching the oak railing with fingers that had developed a sudden tremor. If he came…he had to come. 
He would come and he would hate her. 
He would hate her with every fibre of his being. 
He would hate her with every cell in his body. 
He would hate with every beat of his heart. 
All that hate and she deserved every bit of it. She grit her teeth and lifted her chin. 
Or maybe he would be totally indifferent. Was that better or worse?
Her heart had broken four years ago and never healed. What more could happen that hadn’t already? And if there were a few pieces that could still be shattered into smaller fragments, so be it. Her mother was all the family she had left and Catherine was determined not to lose her.
Footsteps sounded on the lush carpet behind her and she turned to look up at Dr. Arrogalis coming down the stairs. He was a short man, yet carried himself with the stature earned from his three decades of being nominated the best in his field of leukaemia research. But her mother’s case had stumped him. Whatever her blood disorder, it wasn’t leukaemia, he’d assured Catherine. 
A cold shiver crawled down her spine as he set that professional smile on her. So compassionate, so warm, so apologetic. And so, so empty, promising nothing at all.
“I gave Queen Helene something to help her sleep. There should be someone at her side—”
“I know, Dr. Arrogalis. I’ll go up to her now.”
He nodded as he came to a halt on the step above her, putting his eyes level with hers. “We’re doing everything that we can.”
It’s not good enough, she wanted to scream. Instead, she offered him her own form of professional smile, the royal slant of lips just tipped up at the edges and a regal nod. “Thank you. I know you are, and we appreciate it.”
She made her way up the stairs and into her mother’s room, drawing a chair close to the bed so she could sit and hold the thin, frail hand. “He will come, mother, and he will work his magic. I refuse to let you go.”

Nicolas gazed down from the rounded cabin window as the Cessna circled wide to land on a narrow private strip, captivated by the fairytale castle reaching up to him from the verdant green valley. It had everything one might expect from a Hans Christian Andersen tale, the five turrets at the points of the crenulated walls that formed a hexagon shape, the expanse of mansion in the same creamy stone that reached from the west wall to the east, the square lawn with a long, winding driveway up to massive front doors, even a stream flowing at the base and disappearing into dense woodland. 
Ophella. He’d come across mention of the Kingdom once before, years ago, at a time he still remembered too avidly, with too much difficulty. 
When the police had given up, or at least stopped telling him what they knew, his own search had touched on this strange, tragic-ridden family, but the connection had been too fanciful to warrant further investigation. Besides, it had come at a time when he’d admitted to clutching at bent straws, had known he must give up looking for Catherine’s family or lose himself completely in the abyss of grief. It was as if she’d come from the sea and disappeared back into it. Why push himself to find a family that would only open up raw wounds? He’d rather grieve on his own.
He shook his head grimly now, wondering at the turn of the axis that had brought him to this hidden part of the world.
As they touched down, a limousine came down the landing strip at high speed, chased closely by three Land Rovers, all with tinted windows, reminding him that he was about to meet royalty. They tried to bustle him into the limousine, but Nicolas insisted on supervising the unloading of his equipment and boxes of medical supplies. His personal luggage, he was happy to leave to the men who’d swarmed him in their black suits and dark sunglasses.
Here we go again, he thought when he was finally settled into the back of the limousine, uncertain that he’d live up to all that was expected of him from this desperate family, but willing to do his damn best. All his research was worth nothing, after all, if it could not be used to save lives. 
That is what pushed him, what kept him awake through the night, what drove him from one seeming miracle to the next. A search to save the one life he never could. Even a hundred years from now, he knew that medical science would never evolve to the point of sewing limbs and organs back together from scattered debris and resuscitating life.
When the limousine pulled up in the circular driveway, resplendent with stone fountain spouting gargoyles, he jumped out before yet another black-suited man coming forward, this one considerably older and more frail than his airport escort, could reach him and open his door. 
Nicolas noted the look his jeans and jumper got and he grinned in response.
“Welcome to Ophella, Dr. Vecca,” the man greeted.
“Nicolas,” he corrected the elderly retainer, deciding he’d had enough of pomp and ceremony. “Call me Nicolas. I suspect I’m going to be around for a while.”
“Very well, Dr. Vecca,” the man replied dourly, as if he weren’t resolutely ignoring Nicolas’s request for informality. “I am Serge, the head butler. You may come to me with all your requirements.”
Head butler? Nicolas lifted a brow as he followed the elderly man up the ornate front steps that led to the huge door he’d seen from the sky. How many butlers were there? He wasn’t exactly living on the breadline, but neither was excessive opulence his style. Then again, he wasn’t royalty and he didn’t live in a castle.
The entrance hall was majestic, at least triple volume, the walls lined with formal portraits and the floor covered with thick, woolly carpets. The furniture was solid oak and bulky, inlaid with leather and navy velvets, and ranged from a reception table near the door to a comfortable arrangement of sofas around a fireplace with various pieces strewn in between. The place had a masculine, homely feel, dispelling some of his earlier discomfort. 
At the far end of the hall, he observed a woman descending the left branch of the grand stairway that split from a wide landing. She wore a neat businesslike suit of dove grey that nevertheless hugged her form seductively, her hair pulled back sharply from a face that appeared proportional with typical classic beauty, her movement graceful, reminding him of the swans on the Serpentine back in London. At the bottom, she hesitated, her chin tilted up, her face turned directly at him. He returned the stare, waiting for his vision to adjust to the indoor dimness, contemplating her hesitation. 
Then she was moving, closer and closer, her face playing a trick more cruel and horrific with each step she took. The brilliant blue eyes that had once prompted him to choose sapphires over diamonds. The high curve of cheekbone, the elegant nose, the bow of rose-pink lips, that stubborn chin.
He fought for air, unable to draw his gaze from the vision, the spectre tormenting his sanity. Too many nights of working straight through, too few decent meals, too many haunted dreams…the explanations failed abysmally as she stopped before him.
“Nicolas.”
That was all she said. And how well he remembered the way his name fell from her lips. He stepped back, shaking his head, gasping for each and every breath.
“Nicolas, please…”
“No.” He shook his head, taking unsteady steps back and back, until he was pressed against the door. 
This wasn’t real. 
None of this was happening. 
The turreted fairy castle, the primitive kingdom that didn’t even own a commercial airport, the swarm of body guards, Catherine… Catherine de’Ariggo. 
No! 
It wasn’t possible.
He spun about, turned the giant iron ring on the door and fled outside into the brisk winter air. His knees threatened to collapse. He put his back to the wall, cradling his bowed head in his hands and felt himself being carried by a wave of panic. 
But he wasn’t going anywhere. And neither was his ghost.
“Nicolas? What are you doing?”
He raised his head to look at her in the sharp daylight. She seemed so solid, so real, he reached out to touch her cheek and instantly dropped his hand at the contact of warm skin. “Who are you?” he asked hoarsely.
Catherine’s brows crossed as she stared at him uncertainly. She’d rehearsed for many reactions, but this one hadn’t been on her list. But no, of course he recognised her. He simply hadn’t expected to see her here. “Are you feeling all right? You look a little pale.”
With shaky fingers, she grabbed his arm, trying to lead him to the steps so he could sit. In the last few minutes, from seeing him as she descended the stairway until now, her heart had pounded fast enough to use up its lifetime of beats and suddenly she needed to sit as well. After a moment’s resistance, he allowed her to tug him along and he sank down beside her on the top step.
No sooner had he sat, than he swung his head her way. “Catherine?”
She nodded thoughtfully. Could he truly be so shocked? Had he not known whom she was when he’d promised Gascon that he’d come? The pallor of his skin was her answer. She was so accustomed to being attuned to every mention of his name, living in her memories whenever duty allowed, she’d assumed he would have automatically made the connection on the de’Ariggo name alone. But why should he? He’d moved on with his life. He had no reason to spare her a second thought.
“I’m sorry, Nicolas.” She reached for his arm again, but he shrank from her. That might be understandable. His deathly pale face was not. Her concern grew. “Are you sure you’re feeling all right?” 
“I—” Nicolas blinked hard a couple of times, but every time he opened his eyes, Catherine was still there, sitting beside him on the steps. “I honestly don’t know.”
“Perhaps some water?”
His jaw went slack. The woman locked inside his heart for four years had risen from the dead to offer him water? He rubbed at the pain in his temple, shaking his head again. “You’re not here. I know you’re dead.”
“Dead?” Catherine’s brows shot up. She could well imagine that he’d long since considered her dead to his heart and emotions, maybe even wished it on her, but from the way he was acting, one would almost think he thought her really dead. “That’s not even remotely funny, Nicolas,” she said.
“I saw you climb onto that yacht.” His voice was scratchy and his words had a dull echo to them. “I saw it explode about me. I watched them pick out pieces of you and that other man from the Thames.”
“Oh, dear Lord.” Her head spun at all the implications of what he was saying. “You saw the explosion? You were there?”
She felt the blood drain from her face at his silence, knew she was fast approaching the same state he was in. She couldn’t fall apart. Not now. But, dear Lord, hadn’t fate jeered at her enough? Had she not suffered enough for both of them? 
She’d tried to save Nicolas and instead she’d haunted him. 
“I was called back home. My brothers had just—” She stopped herself. That wasn’t important now, not to him. “I didn’t know, Nicolas. I swear I didn’t know. I would never have left you thinking I was dead for all this time.”
“Thinking?” He sounded stronger, his tone underscored by accusation and contempt. His eyes were closer to black than brown. “I know what I saw. It wasn’t some hypothetical conclusion. It wasn’t some random thought to be confirmed. I saw you die. I was there.”
She heard the bitterness in his voice and understood his anger. “Our electronic equipment picked up an unusual frequency within minutes of lifting anchor. Gascon pushed me into the river and jumped after, to see me safely to shore. Another two of my bodyguards remained aboard to investigate. We didn’t know.” Her voice broke and she had to take a moment to regroup. “We didn’t know it was a bomb for sure, until the explosion almost blew us clear from the water.”
“So you fled the scene?” Some of the colour was restored to his face, blackening his expression.
“Gascon’s first priority was to get me to safety. Afterwards, he contacted the Metropolitan Police and issued the names of the two men, and explained the circumstances.”
“And I suppose a cloak of secrecy was ordered.” Anger fed his voice, making it harsh. “I couldn’t get any decent information from the Met. I guess I should have realised. The whole thing stank of a cover up. Every way I turned for answers, I reached a hastily bricked up wall.” He jumped to his feet and glared down at her. “Then again, I shouldn’t be so hard on myself.” He sounded more sarcastic now than angry. “I was an idiot in my grief, blinded by misplaced love. Cazzo. I was so caught up in misery, I didn’t even give your goodbye note a second thought. Fool that I was, I convinced myself that I’d misread your intention, that you meant to come back, that you’d simply been called away unexpectedly, that your engagement ring had mistakenly slipped from your finger.”
“I was called away,” Catherine said quietly. “My brothers were assassinated. I had to return home.”
“I read something about the Ophella Princes.” His expression softened for a moment; sympathy, compassion, and something more, as if he had a deeper understanding than most she’d received condolences from, as if he’d shared the experience with her.
Her throat clogged with emotion as she, too, suddenly understood. It was a shared experienced. He’d thought her dead. How many times in the last four years had he, too, turned a corner, heard a laugh, seen a face in the crowd and, for just a split second, imagined what wasn’t there, forgotten that a loved one was no longer with them?
She watched as Nicolas turned and descended the stairs, helpless to call him back, wanting to offer him more, a better explanation, belated consolation, but not knowing how to. Not even knowing where to start.
Before he reached the bottom, he stopped and swung back to her. His jaw was etched in steel, no remnant softness to betray his earlier compassion. “I know grief. I know all about losing someone you thought you loved. But tell me, cucciola, surely at some point during these four years, your grief subsided long enough to remember me?”
The endearment sounded anything but. Still, her heart went out to him. “I’m sorry, Nicolas.” 
What else was there to say? She didn’t have the words. She wanted to jump up, fold her arms around him, assure him that he was never far from her thoughts. She couldn’t do that either. She didn’t have the right.
“I don’t think you are.” His hard gaze burned into her. “You did intend to leave me, to turn your back and disappear with nothing but that callous note.”
Catherine lowered her eyes. She had no defence. Every word he spoke was true. And nothing had changed. She couldn’t have him now anymore than she could have had him four years ago. Better he keep his bitter memories and hate. Hadn’t that been part of her intent? Better she remain the cold, duplicitous woman who’d made promises she couldn’t keep. Who’d written that empty goodbye and left her ring behind.
“Why did you summon me here?” Nicolas demanded suddenly with hard suspicion. “To gloat? To make amends? Surely this is not some deluded ruse to try to win me back?”
Her gaze flew up to him, eyes wide and startled and, if he wasn’t mistaken, filled with panic. “Of course not.”
“Then you’d better start talking, because I’m not in the mood to linger.” He should just leave. Walk straight out those gates. There must be at least one taxi somewhere in this godforsaken kingdom. 
Instead, he looked at her. The foolish heart that had let him down so badly in the past still clutching at an impossible explanation, a miraculous resolution that would right his upside down world and make the last four years of heartbreak disappear. 
He wanted to crush her in his arms. 
He wanted to forgive.
“My mother needs you, Nicolas,” she said, speaking slowly, each word brimming with emotion. “If you leave now, my mother will die.”
As unlikely as it may have seemed, her answer achieved the impossible anyway. 
She hadn’t called him back for herself. His heart turned as cold and hard as the stone used to build her elaborate castle.
If her mother weren’t dying, if he weren’t their last hope, he’d never have heard from Catherine again. 
His world spun on its axis and came to a tottering halt, right side up. 
She hadn’t spent the last years pining for him, regretting her actions, driven to a point where she simply had to see him again, beg forgiveness, plead for the sake of a love that refused to be pushed aside. Nothing could ever take away the heartache he’d already suffered, but the supply could be shut off.
She begged him with shimmering blue eyes. She pleaded with trembling lips. She implored him with a quivering chin that could not be lifted in the stubborn defiance he waited for.
All in vain. He took the steps back up, two at a time. When he reached the top, he looked down at her with cold, empty eyes. “I’m not doing this for you, Catherine.”
He pushed through the doors and into the dim hall, for the first time in his life wishing he could walk away from responsibility, conscience and duty. But somewhere in this palace a woman was dying, somewhere he was needed, somewhere years of research might just possibly save a life. He came to a stop in the cavernous hall, suddenly at a loss. 
He felt lost, he felt dead, he felt as if his heart was pumping icicles. 
A whoosh of cold air hit his back as the door behind him opened. He swirled around and found himself confronted by Gascon, the man who’d come to him in London to plead on behalf of the de’Ariggos. Gascon pushed me into the river… 
Nicolas swore under his breath. Wasn’t hindsight a completely useless thing. Now, he recognised the bald-headed giant as the man who’d been with Catherine that day on the Thames. Now, when he already knew that he’d walked into a haunted scene from his past. 
Disgusted at everyone and everything, he gave the man his back again and called out loudly, “Serge. Serge. Dammit man, where are you?”
The aged butler appeared from one of the many doors leading off the hall, approaching slowly with the decorum of a man who would not be rushed or put into a panic. 
“There are buttons in every room which may be used to summon me, sir,” he said, pointing to a small, obscure blue button well blended into the patterned decor on the wall. “You wish to be shown to your rooms?”
“I wish to be shown to the patient,” Nicolas corrected.
Serge gave a small bow of his head, then beckoned for him to follow.

Gascon watched Nicolas ascend the stairway in silent contemplation. Once again, he wondered if Catherine hadn’t been mistaken. If this man wasn’t very different from all the rest. Unbeknownst to Catherine, he’d been there the day the two had met. 
Such an innocuous meeting, a bump of shoulders on the busy Oxford Street. From the other side of the wide street, he’d observed the exchange with a wry grin, but his bemusement had soon changed to concern. They’d paused for but a moment, that all too usual apologetic smile, maybe a mumbled apology, then Catherine had proceeded on her way. Nicolas, on the other hand, hadn’t moved a muscle. He’d stood there, staring after her, distracting Gascon enough to wait with him instead of hurrying quietly after his charge. Just as she rounded a corner, however, Nicolas found his legs. By the time Gascon had caught up, they were sharing a table in the cosy coffee shop that was to become their favourite.
And then everything had fallen apart and, as ridiculous as it might be, he felt as if he’d had a heavy hand in it. 
Once Nicolas had disappeared onto the landing, he pushed back through the door to join Catherine on the steps. “He’s angry.”
“He’s not angry,” Catherine exclaimed. “He’s absolutely furious.”
Gascon narrowed his gaze on her. “He has reason.”
“More than you know.” She sighed, closing her eyes for a moment. “He must have seen me board the Blueberry. He thought that I’d been killed in the blast.”
Gascon said nothing, but inside his despair increased ten-fold. 
She opened her eyes to look at him. “All that matters is that he has agreed to stay for my mother,” she said evenly.
Gascon wasn’t fooled. He’d carried her through that first year of grieving that was as much for Nicolas as for her brothers. He alone saw the clouds dull her eyes whenever the name of Nicolas Vecca came up. The tightening at her lips. Even after all this time, he watched her stroll often through the gardens with tears glittering her eyes and her hands clutched to her heart. And what could he do but stand up there in one of the turrets and watch?
“This is too difficult for you,” he said at last. “Tell me what I can do to help.”
Catherine gave a sad laugh. Dearest Gascon. How would she have survived without him? “I’m no longer a little girl, Gascon. I can look after myself.”
“And this is not some minor knee scratch that needs only a kiss and band-aid to make it better.” He grabbed her hand. “You could go away for a while. I’ll deal with Nicolas and see to your mother’s care.”
“No.” She withdrew her hand to stand up. “I will not leave my mother. I’d never forgive myself if I wasn’t here when—if—” She ran, unable to finish that sentence.
As she opened the door, Gascon called out, “He’s with your mother.”
She nodded, then slammed the door behind her and rested against it. What was done was done. He was here. He was staying. What kind of ruler would she make one day if she couldn’t put her country before herself? And right now, healing Ophella’s queen was of paramount importance. 
To save her mother, she’d suffer much more than a few weeks of Nicolas’s hate.
She found Nicolas standing beside her mother’s bed.
He put a finger to his lips and whispered, “She’s sleeping.”
She waited, watching him, wondering what he saw when he looked at the frail woman in the bed. 
Hope? 
Imminent failure? 
She blinked back a tear and rebuked her lack of faith. She couldn’t give up now. She notched her chin up high. She wouldn’t give up. Tears and morbid thoughts were signs of defeat she’d no longer tolerate. Not for her mother. And certainly not for a man she’d already given up.
As if to deliberately spite her new resolution, her mind wandered back in time and her hungry gaze feasted on the man she’d loved and left behind. 
His hair was longer than the clipped style he used to prefer, a glossy brown and incredibly thick. Her blood heated at the memory of his warm, firm lips, so capable of driving her to distraction. His eyes, so dark, always alive, either with laughter or in busy contemplation, or smouldering even darker with passion. 
Dear God, how she loved him. How protected from the world she’d felt in his arms. His shoulders were broad enough to bear the universe…and therein lay the problem. 
She sighed and caught his frown. The next moment, he was ushering her out the room into the passage beyond.
“Your mother needs optimism,” he barked. “Not sighs and tears.”
“I’m well aware of that.” Her shoulders straightened to match the irritation in his eyes. But she didn’t want to fight with him. “Tell me what you need. I’ll do everything I can to help.”
His gaze locked her down for a long minute, then disconnected with a brief nod. “Serge is setting a room up for me to use as a lab. Once he’s done, I’ll move in my equipment. The sooner I run some tests, the better, but we’ll wait until tomorrow. Your mother needs her rest.”
“What of the other doctors attending her? Should I dismiss them?”
“I won’t be taking on the duties of physician. Your mother needs constant care. Too many opinions, however, are worse than none.” He paused, rubbing at his jaw, then added, “Does she have a family doctor? Someone who knows her body and reactions well?”
“Dr. Stanzis.”
“Engage him alone and dismiss the others. I want him here immediately and I want him in residence at all times.”
“That’s not possible,” Catherine exclaimed, amazed at the arrogance she’d forgotten. “He has other patients.”
“Then he’ll have to arrange a stand-in for them.”
She started to shake her head. “I don’t think—”
“Is this Dr. Stanzis a subject of Ophella?”
“Yes.”
“Then his first loyalty is to his queen,” Nicolas stated as he walked away.
Conversation over. So be it. He had dismissed her!
Catherine followed on his heels, about to inform Nicolas of exactly how things worked here in Ophella. But as she crossed the landing, she changed her mind and hurried down the stairs in search of Erling, her secretary. 
If Dr. Stanzis was to be summoned, it’d best be done at once. Nicolas, however, could issue his own orders to the doctor. Let him discover for himself that Ophella was a democracy, not a dictatorship. Loyalty aside, they didn’t throw their subjects into shackles and command obedience to the exclusion of all else.
A few hours later, she was the one to be amazed. The royalty of Ophella might not command, but apparently Nicolas Vecca did.
She’d called Nicolas down to Erling’s office as soon as Dr. Stanzis arrived. He’d chatted amiably with the doctor for a while, asking pertinent questions of his patient’s health. And then he’d bluntly asked, “How soon can you move in?”
“Move in?” Dr. Stanzis frowned. 
Nicolas shot Catherine a dark, questioning gaze. She lifted a shoulder and smiled. He turned that gaze on the doctor. “The queen needs constant attendance. You’ll take one of the inter-leading royal rooms.”
“With all due respect, Dr. Vecca, that will not be possible. I have other duties—”
“More important than your queen?”
“My family—”
“Are not at death’s door.”
Catherine’s heart jumped at the reference to her mother’s condition.
The doctor’s eyes, however, narrowed. “I will come as often as I can.”
“Not good enough.” Nicolas folded his arms, tilted his head a little to one side. She could no longer see his eyes, but imagined they’d narrowed far more than the doctor’s. “Let me say this in a language you understand. You will move in and give Queen Helene your full devotion. Her life rests in your hands until I can establish the nature of her illness. If she stops breathing, you’ll be at her side to resuscitate her. If she requires apparatus to keep her alive, you will personally monitor it. Quite simply, doctor, if the queen dies on your shift, you’ll never work again. Not in Ophella. Not anywhere in the civilised world. Now, have I made myself understood?”
The silence stretched until Catherine could hear her own heart pumping. His arrogance was unbelievable. How dare he blackmail one of her subjects?
Erling just stood watching everything with wide eyes.
“Quite clear, Dr. Vecca,” the doctor replied at last. He turned to Catherine, whom he’d treated from a child. “Would you be so kind as to send someone home for my things? I’ll call my wife and ask her to pack a bag.”
Catherine’s mouth hung open. She snapped it shut. “Thank you, Dr. Stanzis. We appreciate the sacrifice.”
“Not at all, Princess Amelia.” He smiled at her. When he looked back at Nicolas, she could swear there was grudging respect in his eyes. “We all want the queen to recover. My duty is to Ophella and the queen, above all else. I’d never forgive myself if I did not do everything in my power to that end.”



2



Catherine was not in the mood for a state dinner, but duty could not be neglected. The ambassadors of Italy, Norway and Sweden were to be entertained, along with their wives. Oh, and lest she forget, Geoffrey. He’d called out of the blue and wheedled himself a week’s stay at the castle. 
She frowned at Gascon, who was sitting at the other end of the large oblong desk in her office, wondering if he had a hand in this. Geoffrey Talacon was not a man to take the initiative, not when it took him away from his endless partying.
“Do you need help with the place settings?” Gascon asked innocently into her sceptical stare, then promptly went back to his newspaper, as if satisfied that her problems had little to do with whom sat where.
Satisfied? She grimaced at the word, but this wasn’t the first time she’d gotten that odd impression from Gascon in the last week or two. As if he found something satisfying in her continuous inner struggle. She put her head down to finish the last minute changes to the schedule, rubbing out Eleanor Gavatale and inserting her in between Nicolas and Geoffrey. The Italian ambassador’s wife was incredibly beautiful and there were rumours of an affair with the Norwegian ambassador. Unfortunately his wife had heard the rumours and tempers were likely to fly. Best to keep Eleanor neatly occupied during dinner. She did so enjoy admiration and no doubt both Geoffrey and Nicolas would oblige.
“Catherine?” 
The familiar baritone brought her attention to the door. She’d done her best to keep their contact to a minimum in the three weeks he’d been here and their conversation on her mother. Too often, however, she’d found herself observing Nicolas from the doorway of his makeshift laboratory, or watching from the castle walls as he took a brisk walk by the stream. Too often, she’d caught herself wishing for what could never be and had had to shut down her thoughts abruptly.
As usual, her heart pounded a little faster as she met his dark, sombre eyes and recalled a time when they’d reflected love instead of disdain. One would think that by now she’d be accustomed to seeing him in her world. One would think that by now she’d have put away regret and managed to bring her emotions under control. 
She retaliated by raising a brow. “Have you never heard of knocking?”
“Am I interrupting?”
She countered with her own question, “Is there a problem? Is it my mother?”
He came inside, tapping the door closed behind him with the heel of his boot. His gaze rested briefly on Gascon, but passed on without so much as a nod. The poor man was still not forgiven for the part he’d played in those events so long ago. Then again, neither was she. Catherine pushed the seating schedule aside and rose to stand behind her desk. 
Nicolas ambled across the lush wool carpet to the window, looking out into the distance. “Your mother’s condition has not changed.”
A mix of relief and frustration plagued her as she waited, watching him. He wore his favourite uniform of denims that fit snug and comfortably and a softly ribbed jumper, a rich maroon today. His broad shoulders were curved slightly forward and she knew he’d folded his arms. His back was slender, but she remembered the solid muscles that flexed when he moved and the chords pulled tight across his lean abdomen. He was only half a foot taller than her own five-foot-six, but his lithe body contained so much power, his personality so incredibly potent, at times she felt positively dwarfed. 
“Come walk with me outside,” he said suddenly, turning from the window.
She was rocked off-guard by the lazy grin that didn’t quite warm his eyes. Rocked back to a time and place when she’d been the recipient of the real thing more often than not. He hadn’t grinned, smiled, laughed or teased once since coming here. Until now.
“The rain has finally cleared,” Nicolas insisted at her hesitation. She’d skittered around him like a nervous kitten for weeks and he’d had enough. Then again, he had been acting like a dog. “Your cheeks are sallow and your eyes dull. As one of your resident experts, I advise a good dose of sunshine.” When her lips parted in protest, he held up a hand. “I’m not criticising your beauty, merely stating the obvious. Your worries are taking their toll.”
Catherine eyed him cautiously, not trusting this sudden truce after being subjected to his abrupt shoulder, persistent adversity and curt dismissal for weeks. 
His gaze remained cool, but the hard edge softened. “I promise not to bite.”
“Oh, very well,” Catherine relented, wondering what on earth she was doing. What he was doing. But if he were up to something, she’d be better off finding out what it was. As she passed Gascon, she said loudly for Nicolas’s benefit, “I won’t be long.”
“Give us a couple of hours,” Nicolas counter ordered as he swept past her to hold open the door.
“Do you always have to do that?”
He shrugged. “I’m a gentleman and you are, after all, royalty.”
She glared at him. He was well aware that she wasn’t talking about him holding the door open for her. She crossed the hall, muttering beneath her breath, but waited until they were outside before confronting him. “You cross my orders for the sheer hell of it.”
“Not so.” He jumped down the steps without further elaboration.
Catherine rolled her eyes, but said nothing more. She feared the day when she’d be compelled to counter his counter orders. It would come. It always did. At some point, as arrogant and accustomed to getting his own way as men like him were, she’d be driven to override him. Her word was law. She was obeyed without question within the castle. That day would come, as it had come for her father, grandfather and great-grandfather. And Nicolas would know the humiliation of living beneath a woman’s thumb. No matter how vehemently she might vow to always defer to him. Relationships, marriage didn’t work that way. There would be conflict, a show of temper, and then that day would come. 
She relied greatly on council in matters relating to the country, but her decision was ultimate. And even if – even when her mother was well enough to retake power, one day in the future the crown would revert to her. In any point of argument, she would win. Always. 
No, she could never take so much from him, she reminded herself yet again of why she’d let him go.
Lost in her own thoughts, unaware that they’d reached the stream in utter silence, Nicolas was content to walk a little behind and let her be. Her trousers were elegantly tailored while remaining soft and feminine. The pale grey shade suited her colouring, yet he missed the bright colours she’d preferred when he’d first known her. Even her turtleneck sweater was a severe navy rather than vivid blue. Still, the colour complimented her eyes and suited her mood. 
He ground his teeth and fell a little more behind. He was not made of iron. His heart had clamped shut, but the rest of him was male enough to appreciate the way she stirred fire through his veins. Once his embittered rage had dimmed sufficiently, his body had come alive to her every movement, every look, to the memory of her touch, taste, scent. The moment Catherine entered a room, she aroused his senses and every instinct tugged at him to go to her side. He resisted, but continual resistance was wearying and he was suddenly exhausted.
But there was more to this walk than his physical urgings and memories. He’d been worried about her for a while. Whatever she’d done to him, he could not be completely dispassionate when it came to suffering of any kind. He wished he had some answers for her, but in truth, this time, those answers were eluding him.
“Catherine,” he called.
Startled from her musings, she jerked about to face him.
He was pleased to see some colour on her cheeks from the brisk air. He drew level with her, then matched her stride as they strolled along the bank. “Do you recall anything unusual at all about the time your mother first fell ill?”
She wrinkled her nose at him on a frown. “Unusual, as in?”
“My tests are inconclusive, yet it seems strange that I’ve discovered nothing useful at all. I’ve tested for every known virus and allergy, even poisons.”
“Poison?” Catherine gasped.
He raised a brow. “Assassination in your family is not such a long stretch of the imagination.”
“No, of course not.” She paled at the implication. They’d never caught the original perpetrators, never uncovered any plot. But it had been so long ago and no new attempts had been made since. “Is it possible?” she asked, at the same time excited at the prospect of finally finding the cause and therefore a cure, even if it was as terrible as poison.
“I’m not ruling out anything at this point. Although I’ve detected no trace of any known poisons and even so, I should tell you that the effects of certain types of poisoning are not fully reversible.”
“Oh.” 
Drawn by the despondency in that single word, he reached for her hand without thought. “Never give up hope.”
“I know.”
Her hand was small and warm in his, so familiar even after all these years, the protective instincts he’d always felt for her reared to the fore. “Let’s sit a while.”
She stared at the muddy ground.
“Surely a princess has enough clothes to not worry about dirtying one set?”
Catherine gave a small shake of her head, but Nicolas won himself a smile as she plonked her backside on a tuft of old, mouldy leaves and drew her knees up. “A lifetime of drilling on proper etiquette is hard to let go of.”
He crossed his legs beside her, not too close, not too far. “Then you must have had amnesia in London,” he said, recalling a particularly invigorating romp in Hyde Park.
Catherine shrugged. “Another time, another person.”
She lifted her chin at him.
Sweet, tempting lips. Another time, maybe, but not another person. Nicolas didn’t stop to think. Too many memories collided with the present and the soft, inviting picture she made. He brought his mouth down. The taste of her fired through his blood and overtook his senses. He wanted her. Needed her. 
Dear God, Catherine, how have I lived without you? 
Gently, he reached across her with one arm and eased her to the ground. Her brief resistance held no substance. The momentary stiffness melted. Not once releasing her lips, he stretched out beside her, nudging one leg between hers, threading her hair between his fingers, stroking her cheek with his other hand, losing himself to her touch, her warmth, her body, her taste. At some point he realised that she was kissing him back, devouring as much as he devoured. He felt her fingers slide down his back, then grip at his hips with urgency. Her body arched into him as a tiny moan escaped through their kiss.
“Mi fai impazzire,” he groaned, deepening the kiss. You drive me crazy. 
And the first rip came at the wall around his heart.
With that rip, he flung himself off Catherine, too aware of how loudly his heart was pounding, how quickly his pulse raced, how swiftly he’d regressed into the past. 
It could not be allowed. 
At all costs, the last three weeks had to override the four years he’d loved a ghost. That ghost was gone. That Catherine had never existed. She hadn’t returned to him; she’d never been. 
The Catherine he’d taken so easily into his arms now was the woman who’d deceived him, who’d stolen his love and then slipped out into the night, worse than any thief, for she had taken something that could not be replaced. How could he forget, even for these few moments?
Catherine lay perfectly still until she regained control of her breathing. 
What had Nicolas done?
What had she done?
“Why?” His accusation was as ragged as a hurt beast’s growl.
She glanced his way to find his hard stare on her. “Why?” she repeated dully, pulling herself up and wrapping her arms around her knees. 
“Why did you leave me?”
She couldn’t look at him. Her pulse slowed down, lethargic as the winter stream she gazed on. The trees down here by the river were bare, stripped from their glorious canopies by the turn of a season, as her heart had been stripped by the turn of a single event. 
With two older brothers, there’d been no chance of her ever having to rule. 
She’d been free. 
And then in one exploding moment, she’d lost both her brothers and her freedom. And Nicolas. 
Still, the sun shone down, struggling to heat the day, a promise that spring would come again. Nicolas’s hard gaze would still be looking down on her, she knew, struggling in his own way to find some neat conclusion, dark and stormy from her broken promises. 
But there was no promise for her heart. It would always be locked in winter.
“I told you why I had to leave,” she said at last.
“Answer me, Catherine.” 
She jerked her head and set her eyes on him. The dark, brown depths told her that she was out of time. He wanted answers and he was determined to get them. “We were not meant to be.”
“You used me.”
“No, Nicolas, it wasn’t like—”
“You used me to experience life. I was just another stop on your world tour.” Not a question. The underlying storm broke after all these weeks of riding a wave of repressed emotion. “Why did you agree to marry me?”
Catherine sucked in a staggered breath at the bitterness in his voice. She’d take anger over that any day. “I wanted to—”
“I know exactly what you wanted, Catherine. You wanted to experience the pleasures of my bed. You knew my price and so you accepted my proposal with no intention of ever marrying me at all.”
“If you know all the answers,” she retaliated, jumping up, dusting herself off with shaky fingers, “then why bother asking at all?”
He flew to his feet and gripped her wrist. His other hand came to her chin, forcing her eyes to meet his. “There’s one answer I do not know. Why? Why did you choose me?”
Her eyes closed. Every breath Catherine took brought his masculine scent into her. I fell in love with you. I’m still in love with you. She licked her suddenly dry lips and tasted him. His touch was still with her. She could not bear this. She could not be with him every day, see him, talk to him, love him. She was not this strong.
“Once you’d chosen me, once you’d had me,” he continued in that brittle voice, “how could you let me go?”
Her eyes snapped open and a drop of the sorrow in her heart leaked to roll down her cheek. “I had to.”
“Cazzo.” He flung her chin from him and stood back. 
“You don’t understand, Nicolas. I never deceived you intentionally. I would have married you, but then my brothers…”
“You became the heir apparent,” he finished when she could not. The emotion in his eyes changed: deeper, darker, hotter. “The difference between us, Catherine, is that I would have given up a kingdom for you.”
“Oh, Nicolas—”
“Ah, yes, that’s right,” he said with a grimace. “I don’t have a kingdom to give up.” His shoulders heaved in a sigh filled with frustrated fury. “But if forced to make a choice, I would have given up my research, my life, my soul.”
The weary thread at the end told her that he meant every word. Is that what she should have done? But for Catherine, there’d never been a choice. Her responsibilities came at birth and there was nothing selfish about them. For herself, she’d have given up all and everything. But what right had she to give up on behalf of her country? To give up on her people? She was the last remaining heir. Yes, she might have done it. After all, who was to stop her? But what would have happened when she sat in London and watched her country fall apart, crushed between two powers poised for the first sign of weakness? 
“And would you have been content once you’d given up everything?” she asked, just as wearily.
“I don’t know,” he answered quietly. “Maybe I would have grown resentful with time. Maybe I would have regretted it in the end. But that is a chance I would have been willing to take. I loved you enough to risk everything.”
“I am a princess of Ophella. I do not have the luxury of risking everything.”
“Was marrying me such a terrifying risk?”
Catherine rubbed her forehead at the pain of confusion building there. How could she possibly make him see that the risk was to himself and not to her? Not easily. He’d brush her reasons aside as a sorry excuse. The fear she lived with was not something that could be explained with mere words.
“I was not good enough to marry, is that it? I was not good enough to be a prince of Ophella.”
“No,” she cried out. You were too good to be a prince of Ophella. “Please, Nicolas, you must believe me.”
“I believed in you before,” he bit out, “and I don’t like where it took me. But don’t worry, Catherine, I realise now that you spared us both by running away. I almost married a woman that I now realise was a complete stranger.”
“Nicolas,” she called when he turned to walk away. He spun back to face her, but she didn’t know what else to say. As he started turning again, she panicked at how badly this kiss had ended. “You won’t leave, will you? My mother…you’re her only hope.”
His face darkened in contempt. “What kind of man do you take me for?”
The fear and panic lifted. He wouldn’t go. She should have known. She did know. “A better man than I’m a woman.”
He didn’t hear. He’d already stalked off down the river path, away from the castle. She was relieved. That admission was not meant for his ears, but for herself. Because she was already wondering where the courage would come from to let him go once his job here was done. To not beg him to stay. She had to find the courage. And if she couldn’t find any, she’d have to create some from scratch. She loved him too much to see him self-destruct.
Then again, she told herself furiously as she stomped up the castle driveway, what would begging achieve except shame? 
He was done with her. 
He’d never trust her again. 
Her feelings—courage, strength and weakness—were all moot, including this sudden and useless anger at his rejection. Nicolas Vecca would never allow himself to rekindle his love for her.
He’d kissed her to prove a point. To once more counter her silent commands to keep his distance. He threw questions and accusations at her that meant nothing, because his mind was made up all along. 
What he didn’t know, was that he had the power to break her. He’d push and push until she broke and then he’d walk away without a backward glance.
But she wouldn’t break. She couldn’t even afford to bend.
The long table in the formal dinning hall was set with elaborate silver, china and crystal. Wild blossoms imported from the height of summer in Cape Town added the finishing touch. 
“Everything looks lovely,” Catherine complimented her staff. “Sophia, spray the flowers with cool water every hour to keep them fresh.” She turned to Jonnal. “Have the pineapples arrived from Brazil?”
Jonnal bobbed. “Claustaud has everything in hand.”
“Wonderful.” Smiling, Catherine whirled about, her sharp gaze searching for anything left undone and came stuck at the doorjamb where Nicolas was leaning a casual hip and observing with folded arms. His cheeks were still stung with the winter chill and she realised he’d only just returned from their walk.
“Everything looks perfect,” he agreed, pushing away from the door to come inside the room. “To think I once accepted that you’d run our home into chaos and here you are, running an entire castle.”
“Organisation and giving orders is a far cry from cracking an egg,” she responded, suddenly needing to know that he remembered every little thing about that day, demanding validation for the way he’d bared her nerves earlier.
He did. She saw it in the way he quickly averted his eyes. The hardening of his jaw. She was at once ashamed of provoking the memory.
Thankfully, he recovered almost at once. His gaze had settled on the table and he took his cue from there. “Where did you get fresh flowers from at this time of year?”
“They were flown in from South Africa last night.” She backed into a cabinet as he changed direction and came toward her. “Sophia, Jonnal, see if Claustaud needs you in the kitchen,” she said, convinced there was about to be another outburst similar to the one at the stream.
They quickly scuttled from the room and then there was just Nicolas and herself. He stopped a breath away, searching her face.
“Have you come to accuse me of something else?” Catherine hissed into the tension. It didn’t help knowing that Nicolas had every right to his anger while she had none. She was responsible for his misery, while fate was responsible for hers.
“Not at all,” he said, his tone conciliatory. “I was thinking of your mother on my walk and something came to mind.”
His easy dismissal of their earlier argument brought a flush of heat to her cheeks, but she was determined to take a leaf from his book. “I’ll do anything to help.”
“Is there anything specific that only your mother eats or drinks? Prescribed medicine or pills? Something she might have digested regularly before she took ill?”
She started to shake her head on a frown, then remembered. “Hormone tablets. But she’s been taking them for years.”
“Good. That’s definitely worth a look.”
Her frown returned. “What exactly are you looking for?”
“Poison,” Nicolas said grimly. “Where would I find these hormone tablets?”
“In her medicine cabinet. In the bathroom leading off her—” He was already walking away even as she finished, “—room.” Catherine raced after him. “Surely you don’t think her pills are the poison.”
Nicolas glanced her way without breaking his stride. “Something could have been injected into the pills.”
She grabbed his arm and pulled him to a stop. “Are you telling me that someone in the castle has done this?”
He went rigid at her touch. “You’re getting ahead of yourself, Catherine.” His eyes fixed on her hand and stayed there until she slid it from his arm. “We don’t know anything yet, but I’m keen to take a close look at those pills.”
He continued walking and this time she let him go, still burning from his rejection. You’re getting ahead of yourself, Catherine. Oh, she knew exactly what he’d meant with that double entendré. Damn the arrogant man. He’d grabbed her down by the stream. If he carried on this way, she’d soon forget what she loved so much about him.
Which wouldn’t be all bad, she told herself, trying for cheerful optimism. She failed. She didn’t want to stop loving Nicolas. She didn’t want to let him go from her heart. 
“Dammit all,” she exclaimed aloud to the empty hall. She was just stubborn enough to spend the rest of her life mourning a love lost rather than give him up from her heart. What was the matter with her?
“Princess Amelia,” Serge called, slipping into the hall from a side door and hurrying closer. “I’ve received a call from the limousine. Master Geoffrey has arrived and they’re leaving the landing strip now.”
“Oh, for goodness sake.” Catherine threw her hands up in the air, drawing a curious frown from Serge who was not accustomed to seeing the royal princess lose her cool in public. 
Catherine hadn’t just lost her cool, she was hot enough to caramelise the volcano that was a mix of Nicolas’s tepid disdain and her own lost cause. “Put Geoffrey in the Freesia room and inform him that I’m indisposed for the afternoon. I’ll see him at the supper this evening.”
She didn’t dare face Geoffrey in her current scathing mood.



3



Nicolas stood in the shadows at the bottom of the stairway, the breath knocked out from him as he watched Catherine descend. 
Her dress was silk, a shimmering blue that caught the fire in her eyes. The cut was plain, a modest neckline with spaghetti straps, the rest caressed her figure all the way down to the toes of her high-heeled sandals. The effect was astounding and it was her curves that did all the work. The seductive swell of breasts, narrow waist and slender flare of hips, and then there were those splendidly long legs. The silk embraced her thighs with every step, teasing his throat dry.
Her hair was unadorned and hung straight down her cheeks, the feathered edges reaching just below her breasts. As enticing a picture as she made, there was more. Her smile. Warm and wide and genuine, tipped at the sides with a hint of flirty mischief. The sparkle reflected in her eyes.
“Geoffrey,” she called, holding out her arms as she took the last step.
Startled, Nicolas spun about to see a well dressed, reasonably attractive blond man come from seemingly nowhere to take her hands in his and drop a kiss on either cheek. Who the hell is Geoffrey?
“Catherine,” the man returned, standing back to admire her. “You are more beautiful than ever.”
That he’d used her second name, Catherine instead of Amelia, was a red flag to Nicolas’s deteriorating mood. He’d quickly picked up that she let few in on her preference for her second name. In her very public life, it was a way, he realised, for Catherine to bind herself to a handful of intimate friends. 
And then there was that smile, the charging bull.
Catherine took her hands back and gave a sultry laugh. “Charming as always, Geoffrey darling. Come, let’s find you a glass of champagne.” 
She tucked her hand into his arm, leaving Nicolas to stare after with a heavy scowl.
“The others won’t be here for a while,” she was saying as they disappeared through a set of double doors thrown wide open for the evening.
Nicolas tried to tell himself that she was hosting an official dinner. In all likelihood, Geoffrey was some or other dignitary that had to be entertained and charmed. Only, Geoffrey didn’t look like any ambassador he’d ever seen. The man was too young. Too smooth. Besides, his own presence was all the proof needed that not all the guests tonight were work related.
“I don’t have to stay around to witness this,” Nicolas muttered, leaving his hiding place to go back up the stairs. 
“Nicolas, I almost didn’t recognise you in that suit.”
One foot on the first step, Nicolas glanced over his shoulder to glare at Gascon. He did manage to refrain from saying that he wished the man hadn’t recognised or spoken to him at all. Instead, he said coolly, “Good evening, Gascon. I suppose I should know by now that wherever Catherine goes, you’re no more than a pace behind.”
Gascon grinned at him. “That is the duty of a bodyguard.”
“Be my guest.” Nicolas waved a hand at the doorway Catherine had passed through.
“You were about to join us, weren’t you?” Gascon raised a brow that Nicolas found impossible to ignore. 
He brought his foot down from the step and turned about. “Of course. Where else would I be going trussed up like a penguin?”
Gascon chuckled.
“I wouldn’t have thought the hired help were invited to state dinners,” Nicolas commented dryly as they walked to the double doors.
“I’m not. Don’t worry, once the official guests arrive, you’ll be pleased to see me make myself scarce.”
“Scarce to the eye, maybe, but I doubt you’ll be far away.”
Once again, Gascon chuckled. He couldn’t help himself. He liked this Nicolas and he enjoyed matching wits with him in the truce of baiting each other just short of drawing blood that they’d arrived at during the weeks. “Afraid I’ll be skulking in the shadows?”
Nicolas’s smile hardened at the reference to his own reticence. Gascon was like the proverbial chameleon that could blend into a wall, seeing and hearing all without one knowing he was there. A commendable quality for a body guard, but Nicolas would never forgive the man for plucking Catherine from his home; the chameleon had unrolled his tongue to snatch a tasty fly from the bosom of its family.
They entered the receiving room and Gascon’s casual stroll toward the intimate pair by the fireplace brought home the unhappy confirmation that Geoffrey was pleasure and not official. He shouldn’t care, of course. But no matter what he said or did, what he wanted for himself or not, it would never be easy seeing Catherine’s affections turned to another man. 
“Nicolas,” Catherine drew him in with that warm smile as he approached. “Meet Geoffrey Talacon, a close family friend. Geoffrey, this is Nicolas Vecca, the brilliant doctor attending my mother.” 
And ex fiancé, Nicolas added grimly to himself. He shook the man’s outreached hand quickly, then stood aside.
“I’ve heard of you,” Geoffrey said with a congenial smile. “Then again, who hasn’t? We’re grateful for your help and time.”
Nicolas didn’t like that royal we. He nodded abruptly and, when a server came up to him bearing a tray of crystal chutes filled with bubbling champagne, he asked him, “Any chance of a whiskey?”
“It’s okay, Alfred,” Catherine intervened. “I’ll show Dr. Vecca the bar and he can select his favourite brand.”
Nicolas fell in line with her as she crossed the room, her heels clicking on the polished oak floorboards. “Should I be insulted that you’ve forgotten already?”
She glanced at him, a sparkle in her blue eyes, but said nothing as she pushed a button on a wall panelled with the same oak as the floor. The wall slid apart on a thin railing cut into the floorboards to reveal a built-in bar that stretched the width of the room.
“Four years is a long time,” she said, going behind the bar. She dipped out of sight, then came up with a bottle of the eighty-year-old single malt he favoured. “Some things, however, are impossible to forget.”
Content to be served, Nicolas hitched a leg over a nearby stool and rested his elbows on the counter. He watched her spin about and reach up for a tumbler, agreeing whole-heartedly with her sentiments. Some things were impossible to forget. 
The wave of her auburn hair falling down her back. 
The touch of her slender back beneath his fingertips. 
He wasn’t just remembering. He was feeling the satin softness of her skin, reliving the trembling passion he’d awakened in her, that she’d awakened in him. He took a deep breath as she turned about to slide the heavy crystal tumbler over the counter with delicate, slim fingers. 
“Two cubes of ice,” she murmured. “Three fingers of whiskey.”
His gaze settled on her lips as she described what she was doing. Soft, firm, delectable. How was it possible to have had so much and lost it all so quickly? For one insane second, he almost wished that she had died. Because every time he was in her presence, he felt as if he were losing her anew. 
She lifted the tumbler, attracting his gaze to the expensive clear-cut glass and golden liquid. “One gentle swirl.” With a soft laugh, she held it out to him.
Forcing away his dark musings, stamping out the nostalgia that swamped him, Nicolas grinned and met her eyes. “If the kingdom of Ophella ever collapses, at least you have a promising career as a bartender.”
“You taught me well,” Catherine responded lightly. Their fingers brushed as he took the offered glass and shot a warm tingle up her arm. She lost her smile in his dark, lingering gaze. “Nicolas.”
“Hmmm?” He put the tumbler to his lips and took a shallow sip, watching her all the while over the glass rim.
He looked so darkly handsome. His face was shadowed in the angles and planes of his strong jaw and prominent cheekbones. His eyes held a touch of vulnerability, softened to the edge of anger and disdain she’d come to accept as inevitable.
She caught her lower lip between her teeth, horrified that she’d almost blurted out what was in her heart. She tried to summon up her earlier anger, but she’d already had the argument and Nicolas won hands down. Her quick temper might flare now and again, but Nicolas had just cause for everything he said and did and she was fair enough to admit it each time the stew of guilt, rejection and despair settled. “Nothing. We should get back to the others.”
As she turned, he caught her wrist. He set his glass down on the counter to take both her hands in his. When he spoke, his voice rumbled the air between them. “You look very beautiful tonight, Catherine.”
“So do you,” she whispered, barely able to breathe. “Handsome, I mean, you look very handsome tonight.”
“Then we’ll make a perfect couple.”
Her heart buckled. Even as she opened her mouth to protest, he released her, slid from the stool as he lifted his glass and walked back to the fireplace. Leaving her to stare after. They’d never be a couple again. Not even for one night. She couldn’t have it and he didn’t want it. 
What game was he playing? Her eyes turned to the bottle of whiskey, knowing a sudden urge to down a couple of mouthfuls straight from the bottle for courage. 
And then she laughed. At herself. At this ridiculous situation. At this rate, she was the one on the path to self-destruction. She had to focus on the future. On her destiny.
Bracing her shoulders, Catherine left the bottle out for him and slipped from behind the bar counter. By the time she reached the fireplace, her smile was intact. A genuine smile that came from her heart and reached her eyes. After all, she’d had so much practice, so many years of pretending that everything was all right, that she was content and happy with this life, that it was as close as real to the genuine thing. And if she forgot for a moment or two… She shrugged a shoulder and smiled a little harder.
“Geoffrey was just telling us about his skiing weekend in Austria,” Gascon said as she joined them. “They were caught in a blizzard and forced to take refuge in a cabin they came across. Luckily, they had a convenient supply of alcohol in their backpacks. To keep them warm and stave off a chilly death, naturally.”
The caustic bite in his tongue was completely lost on Geoffrey, who laughed and turned to Catherine. “Good God, we had an amazing time. You should have been with us. Promise you’ll come sailing with us in Barbados next weekend?”
“I wish I could,” Catherine said, inserting a wealth of warmth and intent into her words. “Unfortunately, with my mother’s illness…” 
Not to mention a little country that needed to be run, she thought dryly. Then again, his single-minded pursuit of pleasure was his one redeeming quality as far as her needs went. The second son of a second son of an American billionaire, Geoffrey had no ambition, no arrogance, no backbone, no desire at all to do anything other than sail his yachts and party through the night. 
Nicolas caught her eye and raised an arrogant brow. She matched it, aware that he was judging her by the friends she kept and reminding herself how very irrelevant his opinion should be. 
“The official guests will be here shortly,” she told Gascon. “I’m going to freshen up.”
Once she was safely inside the guest bathroom on the ground level, she fisted her hands at her sides and sucked in a deep breath. 
Of course Nicolas judged her. He probably believed she’d given up the domestic bliss he’d offered in return for highlife socialising with the likes of Geoffrey. 
What did it matter? What did it matter what he thought of her? Her tummy clenched and she almost heaved. It mattered so very much.
She crossed to one of the gilt framed puffed chairs on legs that felt disconnected from her body and made herself sit down and relax, flexing the cramps in her fingers and taking long, steady breaths. Her eye caught the clock on the wall and she saw that time was running out. She looked about her and laughed at her silliness. If anyone could see her now, Princess Amelia Catherine Theresa de’Ariggo, locked up in a bathroom and too scared to go back out.
She jumped up and smoothed her hands down her thighs. Nicolas didn’t make her feel twenty-one again. He made her feel fourteen. 
At least she was laughing, even if it was at herself, most of her composure restored. She let herself out of the bathroom and, as she turned from closing the door, walked straight into hard chest. Before she looked up, she knew. She knew his scent. Her body had its unique way of reacting to his presence. Tingles, tremors and shivers.
He backed her up against the door, raising one arm above her to put his hand to the wall. His knuckles grazed underside her chin, then nudged it higher until she was looking into his eyes.
“What—what are you doing?” she stammered. She hated it when he did this. She swore he knew exactly how devastatingly he affected her, erased her mind and nullified her convictions. The barest hint of intimacy had the power to slam her straight back into the past. 
He brought his head down, his lips a breath away from hers. His brown eyes were intense, burning a heat into her soul. “You made a pact with the devil four years ago,” he murmured, his fingers leaving her chin to stroke fire down the sensitive skin of her throat. “Maybe I’ve come to claim my due.”
She swallowed hard and tried to laugh, tried to pretend that everything was normal and her knees weren’t instantly hollow. “Do you have to be so dramatic?”
“You bring out the best—” His thumb pad paused at the base of her throat, applying a gentle pressure, “—and worst in me, dolce cuore.”
“Nicolas—”
“Catherine,” he interrupted in that deep baritone. His thumb was moving again, across her collarbone, edging beneath the strap of her dress, tugging it along as he moved to the curve of her shoulder. “You’re trembling. You’re not afraid of me, surely?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. I’ve only to raise my voice and a hundred guards will come trooping through those doors.”
“But you’re not screaming,” he said huskily, his breath warm on her lips.
She changed tactics. “My guests will be arriving any moment.”
His roaming fingers stilled, then slowly retraced their way back to her chin. His lips were so close, she knew he was about to kiss her. She lowered her eyelids, unable not to, lips quivering in anticipation. She’d tried hard enough to hold him off. This was her reward. 
There was no kiss. 
He stood back, releasing her, looking at her with a teasing light in his eyes. “Hold that thought.”
“If you had any idea what I was thinking,” she said, frustration snapping her from the trance, “you might regret that request.”
Fool! He intimates the barest suggestion of tenderness and you jump circles to justify your instant submission.
“But it wasn’t a request, Catherine.”
Frustration turned to fury. “You dare order me?”
He gave a mock shudder. “Not with your hundred guards about to burst through that door. Or was that guests?”
“Is everything a joke with you?”
“You’re confusing me with Geoffrey, dolce cuore.”
Her eyes blazed into his amusement. “Leave Geoffrey out of this.”
“I’d love to, but I’m afraid Geoffrey is yours to command, not mine.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“You tell me.”
Catherine rolled her eyes and pushed her way past him. “I don’t have time for riddles.”
She almost expected him to grab her from behind. He didn’t. Of course he didn’t. He came to stand beside her as she attempted to carry on a normal conversation with Geoffrey and Gascon. His arm brushed hers. His closeness overruled her senses. She almost cried out in relief when the Italian ambassador arrived with his wife, Eleanor Gavatale. After introductions were made, Eleanor quickly set about devouring Nicolas’s attention, leaving Catherine to entertain the husband with small talk that touched on political matters but skirted the boundaries of actual politicking.
Norway arrived, then Sweden, and soon the room was filled with laughing, chatting amiability. At last, Catherine was able to relax and stand back for a moment, observing her guests converse.
“Your cheeks are flushed and your eyes are bright.” Nicolas fell in at her side. “Power and politics agrees with you.”
“Leave it alone,” she said, keeping her smile in place and her gaze directly ahead.
“That was a compliment.”
“No. That was another accusation.”
“What are you two mumbling about?” Geoffrey demanded playfully, coming up to them.
Catherine excused herself, murmuring something about checking up on dinner.
Nicolas gave Geoffrey a cold look. “I’ve never mumbled in my life. As to what we were talking about, well, that was a private conversation.”  
Geoffrey proved the thickness of his skull by giving Nicolas a friendly slap on the arm and moving to stand in line beside him, his gaze following Catherine’s exit from the room. “She’s really something, isn’t she?”
“If by that you mean beautiful, smart, charming and amusing, I have no choice but to agree.”
Geoffrey sighed. “Sometimes I can hardly believe she’s mine.”
A hundred alarm bells went off in Nicolas’s head. “Yours?”
“We’re practically engaged,” Geoffrey said on another sigh. 
Engaged? Red flashes joined the clanging bells. “Well,” he ground out just before following after Catherine, “I wouldn’t hold my breath for the wedding if I were you.”
He found her in the formal dining room, straightening an already perfect napkin while Serge gave last minute instructions to the small army of servers lined up. The bells were just an echo in his head now, dimmed by common sense. There was no way on earth that Catherine would ever consider tying herself to that foolish, ignorant excuse for a man. Either Geoffrey was boasting out of turn or, and this was not unlikely, he’d somehow plucked conclusions from one of the rainbows he partied on that were as false as the pot of elusive gold.
Catherine glanced up. She did not usually leave her guests to tinker where she was not needed, and now the man she’d so deliberately escaped had come after her. “Dinner is about to be served,” she said coolly.
Nicolas scoured the place settings, searching the cards for his name. “Please tell me you haven’t put me anywhere near that ridiculous baboon.”
It wasn’t difficult to guess whom he was referring to amongst her distinguished guests. Loyalty to Geoffrey and an unwillingness to accommodate Nicolas in any way after his last performance kept Catherine silent. She watched him flick up another place card.
“I’m referring to Geoffrey. The idiot thinks he’s engaged to you.”
“Oh.” Her disconnected aloofness collapsed. She should have seen this coming. “That is…”
Panic kicked Nicolas in the gut. “You’re not, are you?”
The pause was but a moment. It felt like a month.
“Not yet,” Catherine said, suddenly unable to meet his eyes.
And Nicolas wished that pause had gone on forever. That he’d never had to hear those words. “No.”
“No?”
He looked at her downcast eyes. Waited until she finally raised her head to face him.
No. That single word reverberated in his skull. It drained his blood. Wound tightly around his lungs. Knocked behind his knees. Shot arrows through his heart. “Just no.”
Catherine took a steadying breath. She could have softened the truth, but there were enough misunderstandings between them and, apparently, not nearly enough barriers. She was still upset at the incident outside the bathroom. Her body was still on high alert to everything about the man. She was holding onto her composure by a thread and Nicolas’s reaction stunned her. She might have expected some caustic remark, a jaded referral to their aborted engagement, but this, she didn’t know how to interpret.  
“You’re not making any sense,” she said, deciding it would be wise to keep the edges of this particular conversation fuzzy. With that, she swept around him in a wide berth to make yet another exit. At this rate, there were too few doors in the castle to contain the many exits she required. 
Catherine put her smile in place before moving between the natural groups that had formed while she waited for Serge to announce dinner. Abandoned by Nicolas, Eleanor had attached herself to Geoffrey. Reginald Arratore was bemoaning some hot spot situation to the Swedish ambassador while both their wives were standing to the side, throwing looks as sharp as daggers at Eleanor that no doubt matched bitchy comments that stopped as soon as Catherine was within hearing.
“I hear that Alice finally got Hammond to say yes,” Catherine told the ladies as she walked with them to the dining room.
“I don’t believe it.”
“I do, my dear. That woman has more tricks up her sleeve than David Copperfield,” Reginald’s wife said of Alice, a mutual acquaintance who’d broadcast her intentions to marry the cosmetic billionaire at a gathering last Christmas. Since then, the bets were on, aided and abetted by Alice herself, who thrived on attention almost as much as Eleanor.
Their attention and gossip successfully diverted from Eleanor, Catherine was free to ensure that everyone found their seats and to indicate with a discreet signal for the first course to be brought in. Nicolas had recovered sufficiently to charm his dinner partners on either side, but that didn’t surprise her. He was a diplomat in his own right, accustomed to dealing and negotiating at the highest levels for the many grants he’d secured. 
Right now, for example, he was chuckling heartily at something Eleanor had said, something obviously meant for his ears only. Could their two heads be any closer together? 
“Amelia?”
She started, then guiltily lifted a smile at Reginald who’d been regaling her with stories of his son. She thought to brazen her way through a plausible response, then decided on the truth. “I’m sorry, Reginald. My thoughts tend to drift these days.”
He put a hand to her arm and squeezed gently. “No need to apologise, my dear. How is your mother faring?”
“We’re still not sure what is wrong with her.” Catherine forced a light tone, not wishing to weigh down the dinner party. “But I for one feel much better with Nicolas Vecca on the case.”
Reginald glanced across the table to where Nicolas was conversing in undertones with Eleanor, then back to her with a reassuring smile. “He’s quite a remarkable man. I’ve heard only good things about him.” He chuckled softly. “For a man so much in the public eye, that’s quite an achievement.”
“Yes,” she agreed sincerely. “And I’m sure that what we’ve seen so far is just a scratch on the mark he’ll leave on this world.”
Reginald took his hand back from her arm and ate in silence for a few minutes, then looked at her with a curious expression. “You could do worse than him, you know.”
She didn’t even pretend to misunderstand. “Oh, no, there’s nothing between Nicolas and me.”
Reginald grunted. “Does the young man know that?”
Catherine laughed from pure nervousness. “Now you’re pulling straw from an empty haystack.”
“I’m old, my dear, not blind,” he scoffed. “I’ve seen the way his eyes follow— I’ve seen the way he follows you.”
“Reginald,” she protested.
He shrugged his shoulders, then grinned in defeat. “All I’m saying is, you could do worse. Now,” he added, holding up his forkful, “what is this slop I’m eating?”
“That slop,” she said, well accustomed to his wit, “is baked squid. The latest in gourmet dining, according to Claustaud. Whom, I might add, I snatched from you.”
Reginald laughed out loud. “First you steal my top chef from under my nose and now you blame me for his mistakes?”
Catherine chuckled, noting that Reginald nevertheless ate every morsel on his plate. 
Once desert had been served, the guests were taken into the Billiard room for coffee so that they could mingle freely before the end of the evening. The men gathered around the snooker table while the women chatted, Catherine doing her utmost to ensure Eleanor was not totally ignored. 
When the clock struck eleven, the guests took their leave, escorted to their private jets waiting on the landing strip.
Catherine looked from Geoffrey to Nicolas and was suddenly exhausted. Thankfully, both were well acquainted with the castle and could be left to their own devices. “Please excuse me, gentlemen. I think I’m ready to retire.”
“So am I,” claimed Geoffrey. “I’ll walk with you.”
Nicolas said nothing, but his gaze hardened on her. 
What am I being accused of now? Catherine felt her heart sag as she said goodnight and left the room, Geoffrey trailing behind. 
They parted at the top of the stairway and, after a lingering bath, Catherine sought her bed. But sleep would not come. She tossed and turned until the covers lay at her feet in a rumpled heap. What bothered her the most, she finally conceded, was Nicolas’s denial of her proposed engagement. No. Just no. As if refusing to grant a favour she hadn’t requested. As if he were denying a permission she didn’t need. And would she have been any happier if he’d given them his blessing? 
Unwilling to answer that question, Catherine jumped up, threw on her satin nightgown and made her way downstairs to the kitchen. As she passed through the hall, she saw the glow of soft light from the reception room casting shadows on the polished floorboards. She popped her head inside. 
Nicolas.
The glow came from the lights built into the bar. He had his back to her, sitting on a stool, his elbows resting over the counter. She should walk right on; leave him to his solitary drinking. The tumultuous day that had started with that kiss by the stream (was that only this morning?) had all the signs of ending even worse. She felt as if Nicolas had tossed her in the dryer and kept the spin cycle on high throughout the day. Was his game revenge? Or was he merely as confused as she was?
Catherine took a deep breath, then padded up behind him. “Nicolas?”
He spun about, knocking over his whiskey glass. He looked at her in silence, haunted shadows carved on his face, pain and bitterness and loneliness buried in his eyes.
Whatever he’d said, whatever he’d done, in that moment, Catherine knew. The constant ache she’d learnt to live with was reflected in his eyes.
He might have declared that he was through with her. 
He might have taken pleasure in torturing her with almost kisses and cruel accusations. 
He might have spent the evening subtly flirting with Eleanor. 
But she knew. “Nicolas.”
He disconnected his gaze with a jerky motion and slid from the stool. When he looked at her again, his eyes were blank and his expression hard. “I thought you were asleep.”
He was lying. He thought Geoffrey had followed her into bed. She knew it as surely as she suddenly knew that Nicolas had not yet released her from his heart. Her own heart threatened to leap ten feet in the air. And in the very next moment, she remembered how very bad this was.
Catherine took refuge in the simple task of going behind the bar to find a cloth, needing the distraction as she spoke. “Geoffrey and I are not lovers.”
She kept her head down, dabbing at the spilt whiskey, swiping the ice cubes back into the empty glass. When there was nothing more to do, she looked up to his shadowed face and deep, searching gaze. 
She was wrong. 
So very wrong. 
She’d thought her heart had already shattered into as many pieces as it could, yet here it was, breaking all over again. “Nicolas, I never meant to hurt you.”
“Empty words. I don’t need your pity, Catherine.”
She slumped down on a stool and threw her arms over the counter. “I never assumed you did. If you want an explanation, however, I do have one.”
After an air-crackling hesitation, he took his seat again, arms folded, his back ramrod straight. Waiting.
“I have a duty to provide the next heir to the throne,” she said quietly. “Geoffrey is as good a choice as any other.”
“Better than me, obviously.” His tone was laced with caustic sarcasm.
“Yes,” she agreed honestly. Geoffrey would never care enough to try and assert any power over Ophella or in their relationship. There’d never be any risk that she’d hurt or destroy his self esteem, however unintentionally. In fact, if she could keep Geoffrey in Ophella long enough at any one time to conceive that heir once they were married, it would be a miracle. 
If a soul could spontaneously splinter, Nicolas thought his might just have done that. 
“A better choice,” she continued, “but not a better man.”
“I told you I don’t need pity.”
“Which is why I’m simply giving you the truth.”
A better choice, but not a better man. Nicolas scrubbed at his jaw, shaking his suddenly thick head, feeling the axis of his world spin out from under him again. “Am I supposed to even try and understand what you’re saying?”
Her answer was a sad little smile. Her hair was mussed, falling to her shoulders in lumps and rat-tails and standing up a little on the one side. Her eyes shimmered an ocean blue with unshed tears. His gaze went to her outstretched hands and caught. To her ring finger, and held. 
He’d tried hating her.
He’d tried despising her.
Enter Geoffrey. 
Lust might have temporarily seized control of him down by the stream this morning, but it was cold, calculated jealousy that had made him taunt Catherine this evening. He’d never known jealousy before and now he knew that it didn’t always come with a flare of passionate rage. 
And jealousy wasn’t the only reaction he was ashamed of. 
Faced with losing Catherine irrevocably, not to death this time, but to another man, exposed all his hating and despising these past weeks for what it was. Hurt pride. Leaving behind a chasm of unrequited love. 
Nicolas unfolded his arms, took her left hand in his, his thumb and eyes grazing the finger that would one day display another man’s ring. Admitting, finally, that it was over.
Catherine hadn’t died. She’d chosen to leave him.
He’d been dumped. Rather callously and abruptly, but would he feel any better about it if she’d used sweet words and let him down easy over a reasonable period? The result remained unchanged. He’d loved Catherine. She hadn’t loved him. He could blame her all he wanted, but that didn’t change a damn thing. 
And here she was again, making it absolutely clear that she chose Geoffrey over him. The man was a buffoon, but it wasn’t even that. 
No man would ever be good enough for her. 
Other than himself.
Nicolas looked to her worried face as he dropped her fingers and braced his hands on his knees. Hands that had saved lives, cured epidemics, uncovered untold secrets of the human body. He could do so much, but he couldn’t make this woman love him, he couldn’t force her heart to feel what wasn’t there. 
“You do what you have to do, Catherine,” he said softly, tenderly, resigned, “and I’ll do what I have to. Don’t say it,” he added when she opened her mouth. “Don’t ask me again to not abandon your mother. You know I won’t.”



4



Catherine let herself into her mother’s room. The heavy brocade curtains were drawn, allowing the morning sun to filter soft light through the net lace. Dr. Stanzis glanced up from the makeshift office he’d established in one corner near the window and she gave him a nod. She came here every day to sit with her mother for a couple of hours and he appreciated the break.
Once he’d left, she pulled the chair closer to the bed and settled in, holding her mother’s hand. Sometimes her mother was strong enough to sit up and talk. Other times she merely dozed on and off. Catherine looked over her mother with a careful eye, searching for signs of improvement. Pronounced blue veins showed on her lowered lids. Her dark hair was shot with silver and terribly thinned. Her cheeks were gaunt, her skin pale, hanging off her like a white T-Shirt stretched from too many bad washes.
“I love you so much, mother.” She stroked the limp hand and choked down a rising sob. “Don’t leave me. Please…”
“Catherine?” Her mother’s eyes fluttered open. “Darling, you’re here.”
“Of course I’m here,” Catherine said lightly, forcing a gaiety she was far from feeling. “Tell you what! Why don’t I take you outside for half an hour? The sun is warm today and we’ll wrap you up tightly.”
“Why not?” Some familiar mischief seeped into her mother’s faded eyes. “Dr. Stanzis specifically forbid it.”
Catherine chuckled. “We’ll make a point of letting him find out what we’ve done, unintentionally, of course.”
She quickly called for Gascon and, between the two of them, trussed her mother from head to toe in a luxurious quilt and carried her downstairs. Catherine ran to retrieve the wheelchair and Gascon tucked her mother in comfortably. 
“Leave us for a while,” she told Gascon, then pressed her mother’s shoulder gently and added, “Don’t forget to mention our little outing to Dr. Stanzis. We want to hear all the details of his apoplexy.”
“The two of you are acting like teenagers,” Gascon groused, but he could not hold off a wide grin.
In the end, they stayed out the entire morning. The winter day was truly mild and Catherine was too heartened by the life in her mother’s eyes and the colour on her cheeks to argue when she insisted she wasn’t ready to go back inside.
“There you are,” called the familiar voice that never failed to stutter her heart. Nicolas sprinted the last few yards to reach them. He moved to stand in front of the queen. “I heard that Catherine had broken you out and I was starting to worry that you’d actually made it to the border.”
Queen Helene laughed. A little croaky, but it was a laugh.
Catherine was too on edge at their discovery to appreciate the joke. Defying Dr. Stanzis was one thing, but Nicolas was another kind of beast altogether. “We didn’t mean to stay out so long. I hope I haven’t—”
“Fresh air and sunshine hasn’t harmed anyone to date, Catherine.” He turned dark brown eyes on her, deep, sincere, clouded. His gaze seemed trapped, unable to move on. 
She wanted to say something. But after their midnight conversation, everything that could be said was said. The final curtain was down and calling for an encore would just extend the agony. The show was over.
A slow, hard grin did nothing to release the tightness in his jaw. “Come, let’s walk a little further. I’ve got news that both of you should hear.”
He nudged her aside with a shoulder to take control of the wheelchair and Catherine fell in step beside him. 
“Did you find something in the pills?” she whispered.
“Pills?” her mother queried, glancing up over her shoulder.
“I’ve been analysing your hormone pills,” Nicolas said. “I found nothing unusual at first. You had an expired packet in your medicine cabinet, however, with two unused tablets. I decided to test them as well.”
“You did find something,” Catherine exclaimed.
Nicolas grunted. “Something, yes. What, I’m not yet sure. But it isn’t synthetic and it isn’t anything I’ve ever come across before.”
Her expression fell.
“I’m not done yet. I won’t be done until I know exactly what we’re dealing with,” Nicolas reassured her, even though he knew his next words would do anything but. He stopped pushing and stepped around the wheelchair to hunker before the Queen. “You had six packs.”
“I usually keep six months supply.” She shrugged. “Some days, I forget to take them.”
“The pack that expired two months ago was the only one with traces of the suspect element.” He glanced up at Catherine to see if she understood. By the way her knuckles whitened on the pushing handle of the wheelchair, he assumed she did. He met the queen’s eyes again. “Your majesty—”
“Please, call me Helene.”
“Nicolas!”
He looked up to find Catherine furiously signalling him to be quiet. He shook his head. “The queen— Helene’s life is the one at stake here. She deserves to know more than anyone else.” As much as he wanted to spring to his feet and comfort Catherine, he turned back to the queen. “I have no doubt that you have been poisoned.”
Both the women gasped. The queen in astonishment, Catherine in despair.
“Now, either that person lost courage or, and I’m afraid this seems more likely, they believed a limited dose would eventually prove fatal.”
“The effects of the poison are irreversible,” Catherine said hoarsely, repeating the words he’d previously given her in warning.
Nicolas lifted the queen’s frail hands in his and held them reassuringly. When he spoke, his eyes held Catherine’s. “I will reverse this,” he said grimly. “That is a promise.” He brought his eyes back to the queen. “As soon as I’ve found the source, I will find the antidote. I need you to trust in me. Believe me. Can you do that?”
Helene was not a woman to give her trust easily. At times, she felt ready to die. But she wasn’t ready to leave her daughter. She swallowed through the thickness in her throat, looked deeply into Nicolas Vecca’s eyes and in that moment saw a man she could trust with her life. And her daughter’s. “I believe you.”
He grinned and the softness melting his eyes made her wish she was thirty years younger. 
“That is all I require from you,” Nicolas told her. “The rest is up to me.”
Nicolas placed her hands back on her lap and tucked them beneath the edges of the quilt. When he joined Catherine behind the wheelchair again, he voiced the concern etched on her face. “Who has access to your mother’s personal bathroom?”
“Anyone in the castle,” Catherine said, her brow pinched in worry. “We don’t live behind locked doors. We should return. I need to talk to Gascon.”
He placed a hand on her arm and waited until she turned her chin up and met his eyes. “I’ll take care of it. Finish your walk with your mother and promise not to worry too much.”
Catherine blinked long. When her eyes opened again, there were tears that penetrated to his heart.
“Lean on me,” he murmured. “I swear I won’t let you down.”
She blinked again. And sighed. A fuzzy smile slipped through her tears. “I know you won’t.”
The yearning to kiss those lips held up to him was overwhelming. He couldn’t. Of course he wouldn’t. Last night he’d finally admitted that he was still in love with her. This morning he’d resolved to begin the weaning process. He wasn’t weak. Death had consumed him. Unrequited love would not.
“Will you be all right?” he asked softly.
She nodded. “We’ll be fine.”
Right. 
Nicolas nodded as well. She’d be fine. 
Now all he had to do was leave. Hunt down Gascon and fill him in on the details. He looked at his hand, still glued to her arm. He looked back into her eyes, still fixed on him. 
Right, then. 
He was going. 
His head came down, his eyes shuttered, his mouth found her lips and fed and fed and fed. Her taste entered his bloodstream and swirled inside his heart. Her lips parted on his and he slanted his mouth over hers one last time, catching her upper lip for a lingering moment before he released her and marched off abruptly without looking back.
“Fool,” he muttered, kicking at a pile of mouldy leaves. “As if you need another memory of what you’ve lost.”
Catherine’s lips tingled long after he’d disappeared around the bend that led up to the castle. She shook her head, angry at herself for parting her lips so easily in invitation. She had an iron control on her head and heart, the first locked down in duty to Ophella and the second locked down in winter, but her body was another matter altogether, going rogue whenever it came within two feet of Nicolas.
“He kissed you,” her mother observed.
Heat flushed her cheeks. “No—no, it isn’t—”
“Hush, darling. I might not have eyes in the back of my head, but I know the telltale signs of breathless silence. You never said there was anything between the two of you.”
“There isn’t,” Catherine protested feebly. 
“Why not? He’s a handsome man.”
Catherine’s shoulders slumped as she kicked free the brakes and started pushing again. “He wanted to marry me once.”
The pause lasted until they’d crossed the stone bridge and entered the forest trail beyond.
“I see,” said her mother at last, fighting the urge to pry into where and when they’d met before or why it couldn’t be. She’d made her own mistakes but, assailed with the memory of her beautiful sons every waking moment and the joy her daughter brought her, she had no regrets. 
Once he’d told Gascon all he knew, they moved on to suspects. “What of Geoffrey?” Nicolas wanted to know.
Gascon shook his head. “He has neither the intelligence, commitment nor staying power to plan anything more intricate than his next party.” 
Nicolas huffed in disgust. “What the hell does she see in him?”
“I believe that those are the qualities Catherine most appreciates in the man,” Gascon responded dourly.
No. That screaming voice was back inside his head with irritating predictability. No. This was all wrong. 
Catherine wasn’t shallow. 
She was vibrant, strong and dedicated. 
She had more integrity than a convent of nuns put together. “I don’t understand,” he ground out. “None of this makes sense.”
Even as he spoke, Nicolas realised that nothing had made sense since he’d arrived in Ophella. Her body trembled at his touch. Ever so often, he saw lingering traces in her eyes of the love he’d once believed in. Sometimes, he’d catch her unawares, looking at him with an intensity that hitched his pulse, as if she were trying to capture his image, her heart the camera, her soul the flash. Maybe it was nothing more than a combination of lust and compassion. 
He’d been her first, after all. 
If she’d used him as callously as he assumed, then some of that compassion might even be guilt.
Probably, it was just fanciful hoping on his part, he thought in disgust. He had no idea how to go about the business of falling out of love, but he doubted that was the right the direction. 
“Are we talking of Geoffrey and Catherine or the poisoning,” Gascon asked, well aware it was the former.
Nicolas took the offered gap, but wasn’t ready to give up on his favourite suspect completely. “Who other than Geoffrey stands to gain at the queen’s death?”
“No one that I can think of. Not even Geoffrey.”
“Maybe he’s impatient to be king.”
Gascon sipped at his orange juice, then set the glass down and pushed to his feet. Palms pressed to the table, he looked Nicolas in the eye. “Alexander would have been the first king in almost two centuries. Geoffrey might be a prince one day, but he’ll never be king. Catherine will rule supreme as queen, regardless of whom she marries.”
The workings of Ophella’s politics brought a slant to Nicolas’s lips. “And if Alexander had lived and married, would his wife be queen?”
Gascon nodded.
“Talk about inequality of the sexes,” Nicolas chuckled, amused enough to forget his frustrations and concerns for the moment. “I assume a former queen passed this law?”
“The law is not as biased as you may think. King ranks above queen, so although the titles may vary, the result remains the same.”
“The true Ophella blood heir, male or female, is always left holding the trump card,” Nicolas surmised, but his quick brain was already leaping ahead to wipe his bout of humour. “Still, king or not, Geoffrey would promote more power to a queen than a princess with his pillow talk.”
The thought of Catherine and Geoffrey sharing a home churned his stomach. The thought of them sharing a bed made it that much worse and he had to clench his abdomen muscles to keep that churned mess inside his stomach.
Gascon straightened and walked to the large arched window in Catherine’s office. “A princess of Ophella is not easily persuaded from her own mind, in or out of bed.”
“Of course not,” Nicolas retorted bitterly. His sexual prowess certainly hadn’t kept Catherine in his bed. “They’re trained from birth to override all else with duty to Ophella.”
“It’s more than training,” Gascon disputed, his eyes turned to the courtyard view below. He saw Catherine pushing her mother up the driveway and spun about from the window. On his way to the door, he threw a grin at Nicolas. “It’s in their blood.”
“Blood?” Nicolas muttered to himself as the door closed behind Gascon. “How can they have blood when they have no heart to pump it?”
Still muttering inside his head, he rocked his chair backward on its hind legs and crossed his boots on top of the desk. His love for Catherine had been so strong, so overwhelming and replete, it seemed impossible to imagine that it wasn’t returned in full. There’d been just too much love between them to come from a single source. His heart simply wasn’t big enough for such a vast supply.
Difficult to imagine, but clearly not impossible. 
It had happened. Obviously. 
He folded his arms and bowed his head, shaking it slowly, laughing, a dry, unpleasant sound. “Apparently my heart is bigger than I thought.”
When Catherine entered her office a short while later with Geoffrey in tow, Nicolas rocked the chair back onto all its legs and jumped to his feet. As big as his heart might be, it wasn’t big enough to embrace the handsome sight the pair made. “Catherine, may I see you outside for a moment?”
“I won’t be long,” she told Geoffrey as she followed him into the passage.
Catherine clicked the door shut, then walked a couple of steps down the passage before putting her back to the wall to face Nicolas. “What is it?”
His gaze settled on her mouth. She instinctively raised her fingers to trace his earlier kiss on her lips. As soon as she became aware of what she doing, she abruptly dropped her hand to her side. When his eyes travelled up to scorch her with a dark look, she could only wonder what she was being accused of now. 
“I think we should keep the details of your mother’s poisoning private until we know more,” he said.
And then she knew. “I haven’t mentioned a thing to Geoffrey and don’t intend to.”
“Good,” he said bluntly.
Her eyes narrowed in a flash of anger. Did he always have to sound so arrogant? As if he’d just bended her to his will, as if she hadn’t already made the decision on her own? “Was that all?”
A lazy grin crossed his jaw as he looked at her. And looked.
For a split second, she thought he might kiss her again. That thought was akin to a hammer, knocking holes into the back of her knees. The second stretched to a minute. What was he thinking? What was he feeling? 
“I’ll get back to my lab then and leave you to Geoffrey,” he said.
Her throat was too dry to reply. 
He wasn’t leaving. 
Go, she screamed silently. Just go.
On a sigh that pulled his gaze back down to her lips for a brief moment, he turned and left.
Don’t go.
Her hands found the wall behind her. She braced herself and reached inside for strength, sadly admitting that this had been that much easier when he’d hated her. How could he still love her? After all she’d done to him, after the way she’d left him, how on earth had he managed to let go of that hate and hurt and anger? How had that old love slipped through his defences and why did he not run from it?
Because he is Nicolas Vecca. 
He is not a coward. He will face that love, acknowledge it and fight it in his own time and way.
He is and always will be the man I fell in love with. 
She pushed away from the wall with a heavy heart and went back to her office and Geoffrey.
“Catherine, it’s time we set a date.”
The announcement added extra weight to a heart already sagging at her knees. She sucked back a weary sigh and put a smile on her face. 
“Is this your way of proposing?” she said as lightly as she could manage.
His features hardened at her teasing and she knew it was irritation that she was forcing him to exert himself at anything. Why was she? She’d never bothered before.
“Our engagement has been more or less assumed for years,” he grumbled.
Since my birth, she thought dryly. What Geoffrey didn’t know was that she hadn’t considered marriage to him once in all those years, not until recently. “We’ve never discussed this properly. Not between ourselves. I would never base my future on a general assumption and neither should you.”
“But—”
She put up a hand to stop him. “I can’t think about this now, Geoffrey. There’s too much going on.”
He backed down immediately. “I’m sorry. I just thought…”
“Thought what?” she demanded when he stalled.
“Nothing.”
She almost rolled her eyes at the pout on his face. “What did you think?”
He shrugged. “That you might want your mother to attend your wedding.”
Catherine’s spine snapped straight. “She will.”
“I didn’t mean to imply—”
“Oh, I think you did.” Her voice echoed the chill running through her veins. 
As she’d come to expect, Geoffrey back-pedalled from the confrontation with a hasty smile as he rose to leave. “I’m only thinking of you, darling. Don’t let us make this our first fight.”
“No, of course not.” Catherine shook off her anger and returned the smile. Her nerves were strung tight on one too many tensions, but none were due to Geoffrey. She’d never been this harsh with him and he didn’t deserve it now. 
She’d make it up to him, Catherine decided an hour later and closed the folder she’d been studying.
“You’ve found a solution,” Gascon remarked, looking up from his own copy of the draft contracts.
“There is only one solution out of this mess,” she said, rising to her feet. The unusual carbonised substance mined in Ophella’s hills had cursed them from the moment of its discovery by that travelling American geologist. The American government had taken an immediate interest in the small amounts of raw material that could be synthesised into energy product of atomic proportions. “I’m not disputing my mother’s wisdom in approaching Russia and offering non-exclusive contracts to both countries, but we’re effectively squashed between the two powers without an inch to move. If either America or Russia attempts to take control of Ophella and our mines, the other will retaliate by beginning a major war.”
“Which they’d never risk, but Russia’s demands for increased supply could easily take us down that path.” 
“Our mines are running to capacity,” Catherine agreed. She slid the folder into a desk drawer and set the combination lock. “I dare not take from one to give to the other. The original contracts are non negotiable.”
Gascon grimaced. “Russia won’t like it.”
“They won’t like being the centre of the next world war either,” she reassured Gascon. “And now, I’m giving myself the rest of the day off to take Geoffrey riding in the woods.”
“Is our poor Geoffrey feeling neglected?”
Catherine quirked an eyebrow at his sarcastic tone. “I know you’re going to follow, but please keep out of sight.”
“You’re wooing him,” Gascon grunted miserably.
Either that, or dumping him. Catherine wasn’t sure what was black and what was white anymore. What was the point of dumping Geoffrey when she couldn’t have Nicolas? She desperately needed a husband to give Ophella its next heir. She’d already neglected that duty for far too long. Still, now that Nicolas was here, the idea of marriage to anyone else was abhorrent. What she really needed was to put Geoffrey off for another year or five, until she’d distanced herself from the Nicolas effect. 
She found Geoffrey playing a solitary game of snooker in the Billiards room. “I’ve a new Arabian stallion that will give you a run for your money,” she said, walking up to him. “Care to take me on?”
Geoffrey dropped his stick on the table and turned a smile on her. “You know me. I can never refuse a bet.”
They rode out the castle gates, a laughing, seemingly carefree couple and the challenge started before they reached the riverbank. 
Catherine was the better rider, but she generously acknowledged that she had the better horse as well and pulled reins frequently as they galloped through the shaded woodland track. As they charged back toward the castle, however, she dug her heels in and flattened herself low against the stallion’s sleek neck. 
Damned if I’ll let him beat him.
As a result, when she entered the castle doors, it was with a petulant Geoffrey dragging his feet behind. Catherine stripped her coat from her shoulders and handed it to Serge, then paid the dues for her childish determination to best him. She tugged Geoffrey playfully by the arm and pulled him across the entrance hall. “We’ve both earned a brandy to warm our bones.”
“You purposely put me on that half-breed, Dandelion,” he groused as she dragged him along.
Glossing over the fact that he’d bought Dandelion for her a few years back, boasting its royal blood, and that he’d chosen his own mount for today’s challenge, Catherine reached up on her toes and murmured near his ear, “How am I ever supposed to beat you if I’m not allowed to cheat now and again?”
Appeased, Geoffrey grinned and flung his arm about her shoulders.
And that was the sight Nicolas was presented with as the couple swept inside the private living room just off the hall. He should have fled his spot by the crackling fireplace and left them to it—he’d already conceded victory to the lesser man—but Nicolas held back. Maybe it was some recessive gene dating back to his ancestors, way back, to a time when men clubbed their woman over the head and dragged them where they wanted them to be. Only, it was Geoffrey he wanted to club and he didn’t feel nearly as strong as any caveman. Only Catherine had ever had this ability to cut him down as if he were a two-day-old babe.  
“Join us for a brandy?” Geoffrey offered, untangling himself from Catherine to make his way to the corner bar.
Catherine’s mind had numbed the moment she’d seen Nicolas watching their entry with hawk eyes, or she would have done the untangling herself. Rooted to the spot, locked in the piercing gaze that threatened to devour her, she felt guilty of everything those dark eyes accused her of. 
He has no claim on me, she thought rebelliously, but couldn’t hold it. Nicolas might not know it, but he had every claim to her heart and love. She forced her shoulders to relax and crossed the distance to the fire. 
“Brrr,” she said with a fake shudder, holding her hands out over the fire’s heat. “It’s freezing out there.”
Nicolas said nothing. He merely took a step aside to put some distance between them and moved his gaze to the fire. 
It’s freezing inside here as well, he almost hit back with. Freezing inside my heart. But he had no right. Catherine was free to hang on any arm she wanted to. 
Instead, he worked his jaw loose and reminded himself that pride was all he had left. He might as well hang on to that. 
With that in mind, he took the glass Geoffrey brought back and even clinked glasses with the two of them before downing the vile liquid he never normally touched. As soon as his glass was empty, he marched to the bar for a shot of whiskey to get the foul taste out of his mouth, then poured another to take back with him. When he turned around, they were ensconced in a comfortable sofa near the fireplace. 
Just barely restraining from nudging a spot for himself bang in the middle of them on the sofa, Nicolas flung himself into a matching chair and stretched his legs out, balancing his glass on one thigh.
“We went for a gallop in the woods,” Catherine said by way of breaking the awkward silence.
“How nice.” He should do better, he knew, but it was increasingly difficult to remember why.
Geoffrey, probably afraid Catherine would go on to mention the race and his poor performance, tapped her arm and lurched into a memory of last summer when he’d visited with his parents. “Remember the treasure hunt we had in the woods? It was the grandest thing.” He turned to Nicolas with a laugh. “We hid bits of steak and set Brutus and Caesar off against each other in a race to see who found the most pieces, following on horseback, naturally.”
“Brutus and Caesar were two of the castle dogs,” Catherine explained for Nicolas’s benefit. For Geoffrey, she had a stiff smile, astounded that he’d bring the distasteful topic up for discussion.
“That’s a unique variation on hunting,” Nicolas commented dryly, taking a sip from his glass. 
Actually, it sounded like innocent fun. He could well imagine how Catherine would sit a horse, her hair flying the breeze behind, her hips moving gracefully to the rhythm of her mount.
“We should do it again,” Geoffrey declared.
“Brutus and Caesar are dead,” Catherine reminded him coldly, wondering if he’d forgotten or if he simply didn’t care. 
Shouting out a laugh, Geoffrey slapped his knee and exclaimed, “I wasn’t suggesting we re-enact it to the last degree. We’ll use other dogs.”
“No, we won’t.” Her mouth tightened firmly. Despite the evidence, she’d never been able to shift the blame of those deaths. The autopsies hadn’t found any evidence of rotten meat that might have poisoned. Good God.
She paled so suddenly, Nicolas sprang to his feet. “Catherine? What is it?”
She stared at him, her mouth hanging open, her jaw completely slack. Geoffrey sat back to look at her with a dumbfounded expression. 
Nicolas rushed to her side, dropped to his knees and felt her forehead. He was overreacting, he knew, but suspicious things seemed to happen in this castle and the family had had more than their fair share of tragedies. He still had no inkling of the source of her mother’s poison and if Catherine….no, he couldn’t think like that.
“Catherine,” he prompted urgently, “are you feeling ill? Is it the brandy?”
Coming alive, she pushed his hand from her forehead. “I need to talk to you.”
Frowning, he took her hand and straightened slowly, helping her up with him. 
“Catherine?” Geoffrey queried.
On her feet, although not quite steady, Catherine slid her hand free. “I’m fine, Geoffrey. Please excuse us, we won’t be long.”
As she started to walk, her knees almost gave way. When Nicolas gripped her arm, she gave in to his strength and support and allowed herself to be led. With each step, however, reason overruled weakness and a spark of excitement ignited. By the time they reached her office, she was walking on her own. She burst through the door, a little giddy from the rapid three-hundred-sixty degree spin in her emotions, from despair to hope to despair and still spinning.
She sat down in her usual chair at the head of the oblong desk that was large enough to act as a conference table when required and waited for Nicolas to close the door and join her.
“You look as if you’ve seen a ghost.” His eyes were dark with concern, his brows wrinkled in worry.
“I think I might have,” she said breathlessly. She blinked long, taking a deep breath, hoping she wasn’t connecting fabricated dots. Swallowing hard, she opened her eyes to find she had Nicolas’s undivided attention. “I’m so stupid. How the hell did I miss it?”
“Miss what?” Nicolas leaned forward, folding his arms on the desk. “I have no idea what’s happening here. Are you sure that you’re okay?”
“I’m better than okay, I think.” She leaned forward as well, folded her arms on the desk. Their heads were close to touching. “The hunt that Geoffrey was talking about. Nicolas, those two dogs died the following day. I felt terrible. I thought the meat we’d hidden had gone off in the summer heat. It was such a silly thing to do, I don’t know what we were thinking.”
“I’m sorry, Catherine. I’m sure you couldn’t have known.”
She shook her head. “It was still a foolish thing to do, but it wasn’t the meat, Nicolas. The veterinary surgeon did an autopsy. He agreed that it looked like poison, but his findings didn’t correspond to food poisoning. In fact, he couldn’t reach any conclusion at all. I felt so guilty about the entire episode, I called in a second opinion.”
“Another dead end.” The impact of her words cleared the worry from his brow. “I’ll start a search of the woods first thing in the morning. It will take some time, Catherine. I’ll have to take a specimen of every plant, soil type—”
“Not only the woods,” she interrupted. “The forest extends into the hills that we mine. The dogs were in such a frenzy of excitement, they chased down into one of the tunnels.”
“You have mines here?”
“We mine a slightly varied form of coal.” A sinister suspicion tugged at her conscience, then flowered into full-blown dread. Catherine shook the thought from her head. It couldn’t be. If the carbonised rock they mined was lethally poisonous, surely there’d have been related deaths before now?
“I’m listening,” Nicolas prompted as the conversation lagged.
“There are carbonised bands that run at least three-hundred feet deep in those hills. Ophella is the only place this unusual rock has ever been detected, and trust me, they’ve looked.”
“Who has looked?”
Catherine paused. She’d already said too much. Apparently her body wasn’t wired up to keep secrets from Nicolas. “We have government contracts with both America and Russia.”
“How varied exactly is this coal?” 
“Don’t look at me like that,” she said to his sudden scowl. “The energy source engineered from the rock is clean and pure, but then the rock was not exactly meant to be digested. I’ve got a good—or maybe I should say bad feeling about this.”
His scowl relaxed with a sigh. “No, you were right this first time. If we’ve found the source, then this is the first good news I’ve had in weeks.”
“Oh, Nicolas.” Her lower lip twisted beneath her teeth. “What if—”
“If we’ve found the source,” he interrupted sternly, leaving no margin for doubt, “then we’re halfway there.”
“I want to come with you to the mines in the morning.”
He looked at her for so long, she was convinced he was searching for a reasonable excuse. Her heart clenched when he leaned in even closer and said softly, “Wear jeans and trainers, cucciola.”



5



The mines were concentrated in the Black Hills bordering Ophella to the north. Nicolas was behind the wheel of the Land Rover while Catherine directed them along the twisting bends through the deep woods that forked at various intervals. As they climbed the hill, the vegetation reduced solely to Evergreen Firs that never shed their foliage, blocking out the sunlight and any warmth it might have supplied. 
“That leads to the Hunting Lodge,” she said when they passed yet another fork in the road. When he lifted an eyebrow at her, she punched his arm. “Now it’s used for nothing more sinister than guest accommodation. Do you always have to assume the worst in me?”
“I try to,” Nicolas replied honestly. Not that it’s working. 
He grinned into her baffled stare to soften the blunt truth he should have kept to himself. A long forgotten pledge flashed inside his head. There is no secret dark enough, no crime vile enough, no discovery black enough to keep me from you, little one. He lost the grin as he realised that his heart was still holding onto that pledge and preventing him from letting go. He hadn’t expected instant recovery, but he had hadn’t even made a start. 
“Left,” she called suddenly.
Jerked from his thoughts, Nicolas spun the wheel to take the turn and the back of the vehicle skidded recklessly.
“Sorry,” he muttered once he had it back under control. 
“My fault,” Catherine said. She’d been distracted by his strange admission, by the shadows playing across his face as one emotion chased the other from his crossed brow to the grin that disappeared as quickly as it had formed. 
The brick buildings of the mine’s administration offices came into view as they rounded the last bend to arrive at the clearing deep inside the forest. She indicated to a reserved parking spot and leapt from the vehicle as soon as he cut the engine. “I need to have a word with the site administrator. Due to safety regulations, we won’t be allowed into the tunnels without clearance.”
“Go ahead.” Nicolas lifted the rear door of the Land Rover to retrieve the case of equipment he’d packed. 
When she returned with clip-on badges and hard hats, he was ready to go, case in one hand, torch in the other. Catherine set her bundle down on the roof of the vehicle, stripped both her gloves to clip one badge onto the lapel of her jacket, then turned to him with the other. 
“Allow me,” she said, seeing his hands full. She took the step that brought her up close to his chest and instantly regretted the offer. Fingers suddenly clumsy, she struggled with the clip that was too small, the collar of his windbreaker that was too narrow, his overwhelming nearness that was too much. Her eyes slowly lifted, drawn against her will by a force she had no power over, and met the intensity of his gaze.
His scent was somewhere between musky and fresh pine, all male, all familiar. Longing tightened her chest; physical longing, emotional longing, spiritual longing. 
He was more than the dark haired, stone carved male that attracted her so fiercely, he might very well have been created in the likes of her own personal Adonis, perfect planes with adoring flaws made to order for her own particular weaknesses. His jaw, square and strong, almost too hard. His nose just that little longer than classical beauty dictated. His eyes dark, deep, almond shaped, more harsh than sensual. Without those flaws, he’d be too handsome, he wouldn’t be the single man that set her blood on fire and tugged ruthlessly at her heartstrings.
He was more than the man she’d fallen hopelessly in love with, the man she’d locked inside her heart and refused to release, no matter that they’d never be together.
Nicolas was her other half. 
The brown eyes that held her captive were softened by the awareness that crackled between them, yet not without the hard edge of recriminations.
Dropping her gaze abruptly, Catherine gripped the edge of his collar and redoubled her efforts. Her fingers brushed his throat and burned. “Why do they always make these things so fidgety?” she said to dispel the maelstrom of feelings and yearnings.
He said nothing and she wasn’t about to look up again. Finally, she secured the badge and took a welcome step backward. And caught the bemusement dancing in the brown depths of his gaze. 
Nicolas glanced at the hard hats on the roof, then back to her. “Would you mind?”
He was the devil stoking what was already a burning furnace, but for one more moment of her lingering touch, for one more stolen kiss, he was prepared to burn in a hell made hotter by his own hand. 
Tomorrow, he’d start un-loving and un-wanting her. 
He lowered his head a little as she reached up to fit the hat, then, before she could move away, he stole his kiss, brushing her lips with the slightest pressure that sent an immediate rush through his blood. When she didn’t jump away, he deepened the kiss, dropping the torch to slip that hand around the back of her head, threading his fingers in a knot of silky hair, moulding her mouth to his will, branding her lips with the love pouring from his heart.
Only the sound of an engine in the distance tore them apart and he’d swear she went as unwillingly as he. 
Cazzo. He rubbed at his temples as she whirled away from him to busy herself with her own hat, to hide the clash of pleasure and confusion he’d glimpsed in those vast blue eyes, to continue the pretence that she didn’t respond helplessly to his kisses. He bent to retrieve the discarded torch, testing the on switch to check that it had survived the fall. 
He wasn’t crazy. He wasn’t inexperienced. And he knew when a woman melted beneath his touch and Catherine was every inch that woman.
Why did she continue to deny it? To deny him? Why had she given up on them easily? She wasn’t the type of woman to lust without deeper emotions.
As she turned back to face him, her auburn hair pressed flat beneath the hard hat to make her eyes seem even rounder and larger, flashing blue in defiance of what had just happened. That stubborn chin notched up defensively and the answers came to him like a bucket of frigid water dumped over his head. Answers she’d already given him, answers he apparently had difficulty remembering. 
He wasn’t the stuff royalty was made of and Catherine would deny herself a million times over in favour of duty.
He wasn’t the kind of man Ophella would accept as the husband of their future queen. 
God help him for false pride and immodesty, but Geoffrey was? 
The reasoning eluded Nicolas, but he had no option other than to accept the ending she seemed hell bent on. Catherine put Ophella above all else and she’d decided that he wasn’t the man to make her a better queen. 
That man was Geoffrey. Her choice sucked, but there it was.
“Lead the way,” he told her grimly, bringing tomorrow a little closer in light of his latest discovery. “Duty before pleasure, right?”
Catherine’s cheeks burned at the reference to what they’d just done. If she continued to allow herself to be kissed senseless, she’d be leading them both down a path of hope that had to come to a dead end. “We can’t do that again.”
“It’s just a saying, Catherine,” he cut in. “Besides, your duty will never be done, will it?”
She opened her mouth to protest, but he was already marching across the parking lot and away from the buildings. Not that she had any idea of what she might have said. Scowling into his back, she stomped after. He paused at the wooden signpost at the edge of the gravel, then started down one of the three roads leading out.
“Nicolas,” she called out. “That road will take you to the main entrance of shaft 3B. We can drive down there later, but the dogs entered a subsidiary tunnel that opens onto a footpath.” She waited as he retraced his steps, then she pushed through a dense bush and onto a path not visible from the parking lot. The track was overgrown and narrow, forcing them to walk in single file. 
“They must have been chasing a hare, or maybe a fox,” Catherine explained, her voice loud enough to travel to him behind. “The subsidiary tunnel was dug eighteen years ago during the initial exploration stage of this mine, then abandoned to another opening about a mile to the east.”
They walked in silence for the further fifteen minutes it took to reach the opening. Catherine stared at the hardwood planks bordering up the entrance and groaned. “I’m sorry. I forgot that I asked Harry to take care of this. All the other mine entrances are guarded and I was afraid a child or another animal might find this opening.”
Nicolas propped his case against a tree, dropped the torch on top of it and came to stand beside her. “You seem to forget with remarkable ease.”
She glared up at him. But he was studying the blocked entrance and not her. 
“Was that another stab at me?” she blurted angrily. He glanced at her with a frown and she threw her hands up. “Come on, take your best shot. Let’s get this out of the way. I’m tired of all the accusations and not so subtle innuendos, Nicolas. I did what I had to do, all right?” Tears of frustration and anger, tears of her own loss renewed a thousand times by the careless kisses he threw at her, threatened to spill. She wiped at her eyes furiously. “I’m sorry that I hurt you.”
I’m sorry that you still love me. She couldn’t say that, but it was what drove the stake deeper. “Hate me. Despise me.” In that moment, she honestly wished he would. It would make all this so much easier. “You have every right. But stop playing this game of cat and mouse.” 
A tremble started in her shoulders, then worked its way through her entire body. “You can’t just kiss me whenever the fancy takes you.” 
Four years of emotion shuddered through her veins. Now that it was finally coming out, she couldn’t stop. She couldn’t bear it anymore. She couldn’t bear loving him. She couldn’t bear the thought of not loving him. For one sweet moment in time, she’d had the world at her feet and it had been ripped from under her with one cruel blast. 
His hand landed on her shoulder and she jumped back, pushing him away. “Stop taking digs at me, Nicolas. Trust me, I know exactly what I did. What I destroyed. But it’s gone now. Leave it alone. I’m not strong enough.”
“Strong enough for what, Catherine?”
To reject you over and over again. 
To give up on us anew every day.
“To fight this,” she said, her voice unsteady and barely audible. His gaze was dark and piercing. She took a deep breath and appealed to the inner core that made the man. “Please, Nicolas, stop making me fight this.”
Their eyes held for a long minute. It took that full minute for her to realise that she’d made a dangerous mistake. Not even Nicolas was that noble.
“What exactly are you fighting, dolce cuore,” he asked softly.
She shook her head, closing her eyes, afraid to answer truthfully, afraid to lie.
“What, Catherine?” His voice hardened, edged in grit. “Answer me. What are you fighting?”
Her eyes snapped open. “You. Me. Us.”
“Then don’t.” 
“I have to.”
“Why? For Geoffrey?” He uttered a curse that steeled his eyes and thinned his lips. But the contempt blackening his face didn’t last long. His manner changed as he reached out to her, tipping her chin to him, the pad of his thumb stroking her lips. “I’m sorry, Catherine. I have no right.” He dropped his hand, taking the instant warmth with it as he turned away from her. “Stand back.”
“What?” But she did as he asked. Her breath caught as she watched him charge the bordered up entrance, ramming into the planks with a shoulder. 
“Nicolas!” she cried out, too late. He went crashing straight through the splintered wood and tumbled into the darkness beyond.
Heart hammering, she ran after, through the forced opening, and immediately tripped. She put her hands out to break the fall and they found Nicolas. His arms came around her automatically as she landed on top of him, her head striking his chest with a loud ‘oomph’ that could have come from either of them. Probably both. Stunned, they lay like that for a moment, gasping for air.
“That wasn’t very clever,” he panted.
“Me? Or you?”
His ragged chuckle rumbled at her chest. “Take your pick.”
As her breathing evened, Catherine became intensely aware of the heart beating against hers, of the arms tightening ever so slightly around her. At once she was battling to breathe again, struggling in his arms, wriggling over his hard body.
More calmly, Nicolas rolled onto his side, moving a hand to cradle her head just before she was tipped onto the ground beside him. He went on to his knees, leaning over her. “Are you hurt?”
Catherine pushed him off and sat up. “I had a soft fall.”
He gave an exaggerated groan. “Tell me about it.”
She tucked her chin in and fiddled blindly on the front of her hat, found the lamp switch and clicked it on. The concentrated beam pooled onto her lap.
“I’m going to fetch my things,” Nicolas said, leaving her alone with her small circle of light for company.
Catherine shivered in the damp darkness, feeling a chill that hadn’t been there a second ago. But the chill didn’t come from the tunnel alone, she knew. It came from the sure knowledge that one day soon Nicolas would leave and not return, and she’d never be warm again.
Outside, Nicolas took his time, recovering from the shock of holding Catherine in his arms, trying to plan a strategy that was nowhere near to coming together. 
He’d apologised to Catherine. He’d admitted that he had no right to accuse her, cross-question her, doubt her decisions. 
The apology was sincere. 
He probably had no right.
And he didn’t give a damn. Back there, she’d allowed him a glimpse inside her heart and it wasn’t dead, it wasn’t made of stone. It was bleeding. She could choose duty over tender feelings, but she’d have to get through him if she tried that on with love. She’s still in love with me. He was struck with both elation and anger. Both would have to wait for later. 
Who was rejecting him? Catherine, or a team of Ophella advisors? And why? He had a pretty clean rap sheet, so to speak. What did Geoffrey have that made him the better choice? But not the better man.
The more his mind probed their every conversation, their every encounter, the more convinced Nicolas became that he could win Catherine back. All he had to find was that one missing piece of the puzzle. Why was Geoffrey a better choice?
Frustrated, Nicolas kicked the dust with the point of his boot and headed back inside the tunnel. In the meantime, he had work to do. He clicked the torch on and the powerful beam lit up a good twenty feet either way.
Catherine hurried over. “Right. What are we looking for?”
“Anything and everything.” He set his case on the ground and snapped it open to remove two pincers, two pens and a couple of vials. “We need to sweep the tunnel from one end to the other. Take a soil sample every couple feet, from the walls and the ground. Chips of rocks. Any vegetation you come across. Mark the vials as clearly as possible. Number the soil samples starting at one, to give us an idea of how deep in the tunnel they were taken.”
Catherine laughed dryly at the immense task ahead. “Isn’t this where we call in the team of experts?”
“To contaminate the scene?” he shot back.
“Ha.” She went down on her knees to start collecting samples in a corner opposite to the one he’d chosen. “Someone’s watched one too many episodes of CSI.”
“Do you even get that here?”
“We’re not exactly archaic.”
Nicolas paused to glance her way. “Maybe not, but you are off the map.”
“Not off it,” she quipped, then conceded with a small laugh, “A little hard to find, maybe.”
He turned back to the job at hand and she followed his example, only to pause again when he asked, “What exactly is this kingdom?”
“Originally Ophella was a Norman baronage in the twelfth century. I guess when the world restructured into its current countries, we were forgotten in the past.”
“You guess?”
“We weren’t a terribly civilised baronage.” She plucked a shoot of greenery growing out of a rock crevice close to the tunnel floor. “Our history wasn’t written down until midway through the seventeen hundreds and, by then, much was lost or tangled up in the weeds of word of mouth. Our first king was crowned in 1756. Our first and only king.”
Nicolas grunted a chuckle. “Apparently you weren’t a very productive baronage as far as male heirs go, either.”
“I intend to change that,” she murmured softly.
The echo in the tunnel, however, carried her words to Nicolas. It was his turn to lean back on his knees and look up. “Do you honestly think Geoffrey would make a better father…” than me? He didn’t finish. What the hell was he doing? He wanted information. He didn’t want to put Catherine on the spot. The last thing he needed was to give her another angle from which to choose Geoffrey over him.
“Actually, he won’t make much of a father at all. The de’Ariggo women are accustomed to raising our children on our own.”
He stared at her bent head for a while, watching as she labelled a vial and slipped it into her pocket. 
“That sounds sad,” he said at last and he wasn’t thinking only of Geoffrey’s poor parental qualifications. Catherine sounded so strong, so alone, so convinced that she could take on a country and a family single-handedly. She probably could, but it didn’t have to be that way. It shouldn’t be that way. But, for some reason, and he was increasingly determined to find out what that reason was, she believed it was the only way.
“Very sad,” she agreed, her tone matter-of-fact. Fait accompli. Without looking up, she filled another vial with soil.
Shuffling ahead of her on his knees, deeper into the tunnel, Nicolas kept his hands busy collecting samples and his mind on the problem. Maybe he should approach this from the other end. “Where did you meet Geoffrey?”
“I don’t think I ever really met him.”
“That’s it!” Nicolas exploded, his patience and good intentions suddenly ripped to shreds. The next moment, he was on his feet and towering over her. One straight answer! That was all he wanted. “You must have met him somewhere, sometime.”
Catherine rocked onto her backside and glared up at him. “You’re doing it again.”
“Doing what? Asking a simple question and expecting an even simpler answer? Starbucks in Addison Street. Pre-school in Switzerland. A fly-by around the planet Mars. Think hard. I’m sure the answer will come to you. You must have met him somewhere.”
“You don’t ask simple questions,” she snapped. “You accuse and then wait to see if I can prove myself innocent.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. I asked where you and Geoffrey met.”
Her lips turned down. “We didn’t meet! Our families have been friends forever. I didn’t lie to you when I said I was born in New York. My parents were over there on a visit when my mother went into labour. Geoffrey was a toddler at the time. Apparently he walked into the room a few days after I was born, came right up to my cradle and kissed me on the cheek. Our mothers instantly agreed that it was fated, we’d be the generation to join our families, and made a point of throwing us at each other every chance they got. Very well, since you ask, I suppose that was where and when we met. Satisfied?”
Nicolas dropped beside her with a whoosh of air that deflated his lungs. He pulled up his knees, meeting her angry eyes with resigned soberness. “No, not really.”
She shrugged. “I was hardly old enough at the time to recall the details. All I know is that he’s always just been around and that is all I’ve got for you.”
“So, it’s an arranged marriage then,” he said bluntly. 
That didn’t help him at all. There was nothing special about Geoffrey that he could aspire to. Maybe not even anything damning about himself that he could fix. It was just something that had been arranged at birth. That is how these royal families worked, wasn’t it? Still, there had to be a way.
“Of course not,” she huffed. “Look, are we here to collect samples or to play twenty questions?”
He ignored her outburst. “Not an arranged marriage? The papers weren’t signed and sealed and locked in a safe until you came of age?”
She rolled her eyes at his sarcasm. “Ophella might be a little lost in time, but we haven’t just popped up from the middle ages. The only person that gets a say in whom I marry is me.”
Now he was getting somewhere. So, it wasn’t a team of advisors rejecting him. He wasn’t sure if he should feel better or worse about that. “And you say Geoffrey.”
“Maybe. I don’t know. I really don’t want to think about this right now.”
Nicolas couldn’t let it go. He got to his feet, hauling her up with him and took them both outside into the sunlight. He put his back to the rock face, crossed his arms and locked her gaze with serious intent.
This time, neither of them were going anywhere until he had his answers. “What does Geoffrey have on me? What makes him a better choice?”
“It isn’t like that,” Catherine protested, unable to dislodge his stare. She desperately wanted to look away; found she couldn’t.
“Then tell me what it’s like.”
“You won’t understand.”
“I’ve an IQ of over a hundred and forty,” he scoffed. “Try me. You might just be surprised at how much I’m capable of understanding.”
Well aware of his outstanding IQ, Catherine still knew he wouldn’t understand. 
He’d be hurt by what she had to say. It would be the first blow. And maybe that was what it would take to make him back down. “You have arrogance, pride and a firm commitment to improving the world we live in. Geoffrey doesn’t give a fig. As long as nothing interferes with his amusements, he’s perfectly happy in his own little world.”
His brow arched high and hers went up to match as she continued, “Geoffrey is so used to taking, he’s forgotten to ask where it comes from. He’s never had to stand up for himself, let alone anyone else, and would never spare the energy that could be better used for partying. You, on the other hand, are dedicated, caring, and your integrity will push you to fight for what you believe in.”
He stared at her, his expression blanking, his tone dulled when he finally said, “You’re right. I don’t understand.”
Catherine reached out to touch him, then thought better of it. “I’m the one you’ll be fighting, Nicolas.”
“All couples fight and survive.”
“Not when one half of that couple is a queen.”
“I can’t imagine you’d ever use that over me in matters private to our relationship.” 
“Imagine it,” she said. It’s been known to happen. 
“Are you seriously telling me that you dumped me to avoid a lover’s tiff somewhere down the line?”
“In our relationship, that inconsequential tiff could very easily be taken to a whole new level. World politics. The running of a country.”
“You think I want to take your precious kingdom away from you?” Nicolas fumed. “Is that was this is about? You’re afraid that I want your power while Geoffrey is too lazy to string two thoughts together, let alone try and take over your country?”
“You might not want power, but you have it regardless. You’re a man used to wielding authority. What I’m afraid of, Nicolas, is stripping you of that power. I am the final word in Ophella. When our opinions clash, mine will be honoured over yours. When I want something done that you disagree with, I’ll have the Queen’s guard to back me up. Can you handle that?”
“I don’t want to run your damn kingdom,” he growled, his brow heavily furrowed over narrowed eyes.
“I never thought you did.” Catherine spun away from him on a sigh. She wasn’t getting through to him. She should never have started this conversation. But she had. And like it or not, she had to finish it. With another heartfelt sigh, she turned back to him. “What have you spent your adult life doing?”
“You know my work.”
She shook her head. “You’ve dedicated your life to research that saves people, that makes this world a better place. You don’t want to rule Ophella, but you won’t be able to back down from a fight if you believe that I’ve made a decision detrimental to our people, a decision you don’t agree with. Your strong convictions of right and wrong would never allow you to step back with a ‘so be it’ attitude.”
“I’ve had to fight for my beliefs before, Catherine, and I don’t win every battle. Trust me, I’ve learnt to deal with it.”
“But has your wife even been your chief opponent? Trust me, it’s very different.”
“I do trust you,” he said angrily. “That’s where we differ. I trust that you’d never make a decision that was so wrong, I couldn’t live with it.”
“The world can’t always be black and white. You’ll approach every argument solely from a humane point of view while I need to approach it as a ruler. There will be a collision and, afterwards, there’ll be nothing left of us to be rescued.”
“I have to disagree.” Nicolas hung his head, taking a minute to regroup and stem his frustrated anger. If he wanted to win this argument, he had to move from the defensive to the offensive. He couldn’t defend himself on some future event that, as far as he was concerned, would never occur. When he looked up again, he attacked with the beginnings of a victory grin. “You should have more faith in yourself, Catherine. I do.”
“I don’t need faith when I’ve lived through the proof.”
“Not with me, you haven’t.”
She threw her hands up in the air. “What do I have to say to make you understand? What do I have to do to make you see the reasons why we have no future?”
His grin deepened. “There’s nothing you can say or do, cucciola.”
“And everyone thinks I’m stubborn?” She nudged her chin at him and stormed off into the tunnel.
Nicolas stayed where he was for a while longer, tearing every one of her arguments to shreds inside his head until he was left with a single question that he would find the answer to.
What do I have to say or do to make you see the reasons as to why we do have a future?
At least he knew exactly where he had to start. 
Catherine had been right about one thing. He had a quirky penchant for making the world a better place. And so far as he was concerned, Ophella would be a much better place without Geoffrey Talacon.



6



His first opportunity came later that afternoon when the early winter sunset and sudden drop in temperature chased them from the tunnels. Geoffrey was waiting for them, ready to pounce as soon as they stepped through the door. 
“Where have you been?” he asked Catherine. “I’ve been looking for you the entire day and that imbecilic Gascon never knows a thing.”
Gascon knows more than the lot of us put together, Nicolas thought smugly, momentarily willing to give the bodyguard a couple of points so long as they were taken off Geoffrey.
“Um, we were just…” Catherine turned her eyes up at Nicolas, as if he had a lie ready.
Nicolas was happy to oblige. Throwing an arm around her shoulder, he pulled Catherine a little closer and gave Geoffrey a lazy grin. “We took advantage of the sunny day and decided to picnic down by the stream.”
His grin grew as she moved her foot unobtrusively and ground her heel into his toes. Unfortunately, for Catherine, the rubber sole of her trainer was no match for his leather boots. 
“That sounds like fun,” Geoffrey said a little uncertainly as he looked from one to the other. “I would have come along.”
Nicolas felt Catherine pulling away and tightened his grip. “But then, we wouldn’t have had nearly as much fun, would we, Catherine?” 
Her head shot back just in time to meet his adoring gaze with those flashing blue eyes. 
He chuckled softly, then made a show of remembering that Geoffrey was still there and grimaced apologetically. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to monopolise Catherine’s time the entire day. One thing led to another, you know how it goes when there’s sunshine, champagne and that nice little picnic blanket without another soul around for—”
“Nicolas,” Catherine objected lightly, her voice totally at odds with the steel grip she used to push his arm away. She left his side to tuck her hand in Geoffrey’s arm and led him away before Nicolas could do more damage. What was he up to now, anyway?
“What was he talking about?” Geoffrey asked stiffly.
Catherine patted his arm with her free hand and laughed. “I have no idea. We actually went for a walk in the forest and time did sort of run away with us. We started discussing my mother and that led to all the other projects he’s worked on. It’s quite fascinating, really. I never realised that—”
As she’d known he would, Geoffrey quickly lost interest and cut her off. “My father called this morning. He’s concerned about Helene and is thinking of flying in tomorrow.”
“Wonderful,” Catherine exclaimed, genuinely looking forward to a visit from the elder Talacon. “My mother will be delighted. How long will he stay?”
“If I know my father, he’ll stay until he can take some good news back with him.”
Catherine smiled up at him and saw the strain in his light blue eyes. For the first time in ages, she felt positive that they were close to discovering the nature of her mother’s illness and she wanted to share a small part of that with the Talacons. “It may not be that long, then.”
His eyes cleared. “You’re ready to set a date?”
Her smile froze as she slid her hand free from his arm. “I thought we were talking about my mother.”
“Oh, yes, well, that as well, of course. It goes without saying.” 
The strain was back, fogging his eyes, and Catherine was immediately unsettled. Why was he pushing so hard all of a sudden? She’d always assumed that once she’d finally made a decision, she’d be the one dragging Geoffrey to the altar in between one or other party. He’d never been adverse to the idea when the subject had been broached ad nauseam by their families, but he’d never dropped onto one knee either.
“I’ve upset you,” he said, frowning.
The observation was actually remarkable for Geoffrey, but she wasn’t in the mood to dole out compliments. “Yes, you have. Please excuse me, I have work to do before supper.”
She hadn’t gone far when he called her back. 
“Catherine, I really am sorry about your mother. I know you’ve a lot on your mind right now.” He gave her a goofy grin that at times was quite endearing, although now was not of those times. She shrugged. “I won’t bring up the subject again. When you’re ready, you know I’ll be waiting.”
She nodded, her mind in a turmoil as she watched him disappear into the Billiard room. Geoffrey had his faults, but he wasn’t all bad. She had a plethora of childhood memories that carried much of the weight pushing her in his direction when it came to making a decision, but that was just it. Geoffrey had never grown up and she was no longer sure that she could handle marriage to an adolescent boy. 
No, she was sure. 
She couldn’t do it. 
In theory, Geoffrey was the perfect solution, but she’d been deceiving herself every time she found yet another reason to stall. She’d never intended to go through with it all. She had no intention of ever marrying. Not if she couldn’t have Nicolas.
A moment of absolute panic sucked her lungs dry and she couldn’t draw air. She put a steadying hand to the wall and ordered herself to breathe. In. Out. Rest. In. Out. The tightness passed. 
It was no wonder she’d deliberately blinded herself to the truth. 
The consequences were devastating. 
She was deluding herself. She alone could provide the next generation of Ophella rulers. She had to marry. The future of Ophella was her responsibility.
And she had a responsibility to Geoffrey as well.
Grim faced, Catherine put her shoulders back, lifted her chin up high and set a determined course for the Billiard room. 
Geoffrey was at the corner bar, splashing brandy into a glass.
“I’ll take one as well,” she said softly, so as not to startle him.
After a quick glance over his shoulder, he pulled a second glass from the overhead rack and poured a single shot. “You’re learning my bad habits.”
She shrugged and returned the grin as she accepted the glass. “It’s well after noon. Besides, we need to talk and I think I’m going to need this.”
His thumbs stroked the crystal tumbler cradled in his hands as he looked at her. “I’m listening.”
Catherine threw back the brandy and waited for the burning sensation to travel down her throat and warm her tummy. Then she set the glass on the counter and faced him. “I can’t marry you, Geoffrey.”
He stared at her a long moment, his mouth slackening, his brow creasing, and then he shook off the shock and placed a hand on her arm. “You’re not thinking straight, darling. Don’t make this decision now. I was wrong to push you.”
“I’m sorry.” She took his hand from her arm and held it in both of hers. “I know this must be sudden and unexpected, but I’m not going to change my mind.”
Slowly, as if a little stunned, he extracted his hand and turned to lean on the bar counter. His head tilted back as he tossed down the contents of his glass. “My father isn’t going to happy about this.”
Catherine moved to take a stool to the left of where he stood. “And what about you?”
His head slanted her way, but he didn’t look her in the eye. “I suppose I’ve always found it a little too incredible, marrying someone as special as you. I know I’m not the most dependable of men, but I do care for you. I always have.” His gaze completed the turn to meet hers. “How do I feel? I feel as if I’ve been waiting for some giant bubble filled with unrealistic dreams to blow up in my face and, now that it finally has, I guess that what I mostly feel is relief.”
“Oh, Geoffrey, I am so— I didn’t realise how much—” The words choked in her throat. 
“Don’t, Catherine.” He stretched for the bottle and poured them each another brandy. “Don’t start giving me attributes I don’t deserve.” 
He pushed a tumbler into her hands, then clinked it with his own, keeping their glasses touching as he looked on her with a smile. “As much as I wanted you, I wanted everything else that came with you as well. I wanted to be able to boast that I live in a castle and own an entire country. For once, not even my father could have been disappointed in a son who was actually a prince. And can you imagine the look on my brother’s face?” He took back his glass and sipped. “You know me, Catherine, and nothing much has changed. So don’t feel too bad about your decision.”
Having long suspected much of what he said, Catherine was nevertheless grateful for the confirmation. For a moment there…but, no, Geoffrey was more disappointed than heartbroken. Thank God. She’d never wanted to hurt him. “I hope we can still be friends.”
“Have we ever been anything more?” he asked, but didn’t wait for an answer. “Of course we will be. That is, if my father lets me live past tomorrow.”
That uneasy feeling returned. “You make it sound as if your father’s determined to see us married.”
“And your mother isn’t?”
Catherine thought on that for a moment and realised that her mother was more astute, or maybe just more inwardly honest, than herself. She’d stopped hinting long ago. It had been years since she’d last contrived any manner of ploy to get them somewhere alone for a weekend. “She would like it, but I think she’s already resigned herself to the fact that it’ll never happen.”
“I’ll deal with my father,” he said firmly.
Catherine slid to the ground. “Thank you, Geoffrey. You’ve made this easier than it might have been.” 
Even though she could not have hoped for a more satisfactory outcome, Catherine’s nerves were worn through and tattered at the edges from the unpleasant task of letting Geoffrey down. She strolled into the hall on heavy legs, feeling so weary, it was an effort to draw breath. 
She was just about to head up the stairs, thinking she’d lie down for an hour, when she glimpsed Nicolas returning from outside, the case of samples he’d gone to retrieve in hand. 
Her lethargy instantly evaporated, she changed direction to confront him at the door. “Why did you do that to Geoffrey?”
His shoulders lifted in an unconcerned shrug. “We needed an alibi.”
Her brows rose sharply. “And that was the best you could come up with?”
“Maybe not the best, but the most amusing.”
“You deliberately set out to tease him.”
“Um, no, that would be you.” Nicolas closed the distance between them with one long step. “Haven’t you kept him dangling long enough?”
Catherine gasped. “That is none of your business.”
“Release the poor man,” he murmured, bringing his head down low so that his breath scorched her cheek. “Release the man and be done with it. You know you don’t want him.”
She jumped back a pace. “Firstly, Geoffrey is hardly a prisoner. Secondly, I don’t take orders from you.”
“Don’t be so defensive, Catherine.” His dark eyes glittered. “Besides, it wasn’t an order, merely a suggestion.”
But she wasn’t finished. “Thirdly, you have no idea what I want.”
He advanced to take back the ground she’d gained. Her initial instinct was retreat, but at the last second she brought her feet together, folded her arms and glared up at him. “What is this really about? And don’t tell me that you’re suddenly concerned for Geoffrey’s welfare.”
“You want to know what this is about?” His husky tone was warning enough, even before his mouth started its descent. “Why don’t I show you?”
She arched backward and brought her hand up, tipping his jaw aside with her forefinger. When surprise registered in his eyes, she smiled. “That’s right. I might not be totally immune to your kisses, Nicolas, but I can resist if I put my mind to it. Now, I’d like to know what you’re up to, or are you too afraid to come clean?”
Truthfully, she was so frazzled tonight, just about the only thing she wouldn’t resist was a couple of hours of reclusive peace. But Nicolas didn’t need to know that.
“You needn’t blackmail me with the cowardice card.” He stepped back. By the way his gaze lingered, she was left in no doubt that it was to get a better look at her and not an acknowledgment of defeat. “I want you back.”
Her eyes went wide in disbelief. Oh, she knew that he hadn’t accepted her reasons for rejecting him, but Nicolas was not the kind of man to grovel once he’d been flatly denied. Then again, he wasn’t exactly grovelling. He’d made a statement, not a plea, and by the possessive gleam in his eye, he obviously wasn’t suffering from a lack of confidence. 
While his persistence cut her to the quick, his arrogance raised her barriers. 
“You want me back,” she repeated dully. “If it’s a brief fling you have in mind, I’m not in the market. If it’s something more permanent, again, I’m not in the market. I can’t make myself any clearer than that.”
“You’ve made yourself very clear,” he said.
Her eyes narrowed into his, distrusting his agreeable tone. Then she scowled as his lips lifted up at one end in the beginnings of a grin. “Are you quite sure you understand?”
“I understand you perfectly.” He lifted the case of samples up between them, shrugged his regret, then moved past her. “I have work to do.”

As much trouble as she was having with the men in her life today, Catherine knew she shouldn’t have expected any reprieve from Gascon, but the side he chose still ruffled her.
“You’ve finally sent that snivelling snot off for good.” He actually rubbed his hands with glee, which was just not like him. Once he’d finished chuckling, he sobered up to fix a dark look on her. “If Nicolas wants you back, take him before he changes his mind. The man has merit and you know it.”
Catherine shook her head. “Geoffrey handled everything remarkably. Give him a little credit. As for Nicolas!” She stamped a foot beneath her desk in frustration. “That man has no concept of what ‘No’ means.”
“There’s a crater between obtuseness and tenacity and don’t pretend you don’t know what side he’s standing on.”
“Stop defending him.”
“Why? You’ve kicked him down so many times, Nicolas deserves an army at his back.” Gascon grunted his dissatisfaction. “At least you’ve got rid of the other one.”
“Is that why you coerced Geoffrey into this visit?” Catherine hissed, angry at the sudden suspicion of being manipulated. “To pit them against each other and show up Geoffrey’s flaws?”
“Me? Invite Geoffrey here?” Gascon’s voice lifted in incredulity. “You know my feelings for the dumb wit. I thought you’d invited him.”
“No.” Her nails drummed the desk as she thought it over. “Oh, what does it matter anyway? Geoffrey knows he’s always welcome here. The point is, I’m not marrying either of them.”
“You have to marry someone.”
“Maybe not,” she snapped, aware that he was trying to back her into Nicolas’s corner. “Maybe I’ll bring Ophella irrevocably into the twenty-first century and supply an heir through IVF and an anonymous donor.”
Gascon erupted into laughter at the joke. 
She didn’t join in. 
She’d hit out in irritation, but now that the thought was out there, she warmed to it. Why not? She was destined to be a single mother anyway. It was certainly a better solution than marrying some as yet unknown entity when she knew her heart belonged to Nicolas and always would. 
Catherine was relieved that Nicolas didn’t come down to supper. He’d said that he understood her perfectly, but she didn’t quite believe him and she was too emotionally exhausted to take him on in another round tonight. She’d sent a tray of food up and, although she doubted he’d eat if he were caught up in work, she had no intention of checking up on him. Not tonight.
Geoffrey, on the other hand, was being affable and charming, chatting about days gone by and the mischief the two of them used to get up to. 
“I miss those days,” he said with a hint of sad nostalgia at the end of the meal. 
“So do I.” Catherine toyed with the stem of her wine glass, feeling every bit as nostalgic as she gazed into the pale gold liquid; not for her childhood, but for those three months in London before her world had blown apart. “To be carefree and happy and blissfully unaware of how easily things can change in a blink of the eye.”
The pause lasted and the poignancy hung above the table as each recalled private memories. Somewhere in the distance, a grandfather clock chimed the hour of ten. 
Geoffrey threw his head back on a laugh. “Oh, who am I kidding? I’m still carefree and happy and I intend to remain as blissfully unaware of life for as long as I can manage.”
Catherine laughed as well, determined to dispel her gloomy thoughts.
“I hate to break up the party,” Nicolas drawled from the doorway. “But I need a word with you, Catherine.”
The laughter dried abruptly as they glanced his way.
Catherine excused herself and left the table to join him, at once weary again at the prospect of another clash but unable to avoid it. He’d been in his lab since this afternoon and might well have discovered something important.
As she reached his side, he turned to walk out with her, placing a protective hand at the small of her back. Just before they stepped out of sight, he grinned over his shoulder and called out to Geoffrey, “Don’t wait up. This will probably take a while. Maybe even all through the night.”
Catherine spun about, forcing him to drop his hand. “Leave Geoffrey alone. To use your eloquent words, I’ve released him, so you can stop with the taunts.”
“Good.” Nicolas didn’t think he could manage more than that. As determined as he was to get her back, he was acutely aware of exactly how vulnerable he’d made himself again, of how easily he could fail. With Geoffrey out of the way, all he’d done was buy himself a little breathing space, but it was enough.
“Stop doing that.” Her eyes flashed an icy blue. “Trust me, my decision had nothing to do with your suggestion.”
“Of course not.” He wasn’t about to argue. He didn’t even care. So long as the man was out of her life.
He was astounded when she threw her hands up in a huff. What now? He’d done nothing but agree with her. 
“Why did you call me away?” she demanded. “Did you match one of our samples to the poison?”
He had, but time enough for that tomorrow. They’d all had a long day. Avoiding her last question, he said with a smile, “I wanted a private moment with you.” His smile grew lazy as he gazed into her eyes. “To say goodnight.”
“To irritate Geoffrey, you mean.” She spun her heels on him and marched off in the direction of the front door. 
“Where are you going?”
“Out,” she snapped, not turning around.
Nicolas made it to the door before her, blocking her way by leaning back against it. His temper flared as he took in her linen trousers and thin matching jacket. “It’s below zero degrees out there.”
“Move,” Catherine ordered in a low voice, her cheeks flushed with the heat of anger. She wasn’t a complete idiot. All she wanted was a quick breath of air to clear her head.
She’d been kissed senseless by this man today, as if her heart needed another blow to remember why it was so broken.
She’d spent the morning and most of the afternoon looking for the source of the poison that might still very well claim her mother’s life, and all that in between fighting off Nicolas, his accusations, his wants, his naive optimism for a rosy future that existed only inside his head.
Oh, and not to mention breaking off an unspoken marriage agreement that had existed since her birth, Gascon jumping the fence to Nicolas’s side and the depressing hour she’d browsed the internet for information on IVF and any other methods to jump start her solitary family. 
She was teetering at the top of a sheer cliff and was just looking for a reason to jump.
Nicolas swung his head slowly from one side to the other, his dark gaze boring into her. “You’re not going outside, Catherine.”
“You can’t stop me.” Her gaze was as hard and dark as his.
“I already am.” 
She was half aware that a churlish argument had turned into a battle of wills, but was not about to acknowledge it. A greater power hung in the balance here and, by the stubborn set of Nicolas’s jaw, he knew it as well. 
Neither had any intention of backing down.
“Guards!” Catherine shouted.
His jaw clenched so tightly, it locked his entire face down in stone. 
Her lips thinned in retaliation. 
The sound of doors clicking softly, the dull stomp of boots on thick carpet, the silent noise made by a dozen guards trained to move quietly and follow commands without a word filled the air behind her. 
“Remove this man from the door.” She didn’t speak loudly, but the ring of authority carried into the hall behind her.
Nicolas shifted his gaze past her to the hastily gathered troops that had piled into the hallway through various doorways. 
What did they do? Wait with their ears to the door for a command just like this? 
He focused his attention on one of the men up front, middle-aged with cropped orange hair, intelligent eyes and an impeccable uniform with so much brass, he glittered even in the subtle lighting. “Do you know who I am?”
The man nodded. As Captain of the Guards, the onus was on him to raise the hand that would send his men forward to obey Princess Amelia’s orders. The problem was, for the first time in his career, he was hesitating.
“Then you’re aware I mean no harm to anyone, least of all your princess,” Nicolas continued. The blunt ache in his chest for what Catherine had done was nothing compared to his resolve. He’d deal with her undermining tactics later. If he didn’t win this round, he suspected it wouldn’t matter anyway. “This is a personal matter.”
“I gave an order,” Catherine countered.
Nicolas saw Geoffrey’s head pop out from the Billiard room and his resolve deepened. “If I leave this door, Princess Amelia will go outside into temperatures well below freezing point. If she’s lucky, she’ll catch a chill. More likely, she’ll contract a lung infection that will put her at increased risk in the future every time she gets so much as a sniff.”
“Nicolas,” she growled in warning.
He ignored her, intent on staring down the man he’d judged as captain from the amount of brass he wore. He felt no guilt at the gross exaggeration that, with his reputation, would be taken as fact without question. Catherine had her weapons and he had his.
“Remove him now.”
Still, Captain Hammond delayed, and not only because Nicolas Vecca was probably the last hope for Queen Helene. Just this evening, the rumours that rumbled incessantly and seemingly without human intervention through the castle walls had put this man as having succeeded where everyone else had failed. Apparently he’d determined the cause of the Queen’s illness and was already working on a cure. In the short month that Nicolas Vecca had lived at the castle, he’d earned the respect of people he wasn’t even aware existed, starting with his bold manner in refusing to accept anything less than Dr. Stanzis’s total dedication to the queen and ending with his obvious concern for Princess Amelia right now.
For an unemotional man, the Captain didn’t recognise himself when Gascon bustled his way through the troops and he found himself wanting to throw his arms around the massive bodyguard and kiss him on both cheeks.
Gascon took one look at the situation and surmised the gist of it without being told a word. “What is going on here?”
“I want to go outside—” Catherine started.
“And I won’t let her,” Nicolas finished.
Gascon expelled a noisy breath as he watched them glaring at each other. “Why?”
“For fresh air.”
“It’s too cold out there.”
They both sounded like petulant, stubborn teenagers and Gascon was suddenly feeling old enough to be their grandfather. “Did either of you consider the simple solution of a coat?”
“That’s not the point,” they barked in unison, turning their glares on him.
“I rather thought so.” He stepped between them, facing Catherine with his back to Nicolas and spoke in a low voice that only she could hear. “Dismiss the guards, Catherine.”
Her chin went high. “I should relieve them all from their duty for insubordination.”
“Everyone is depending on Nicolas to save your mother. How can you expect them to choose between you and their queen? You know better than to abuse your power.”
The gentle rebuke scattered the rage that had temporarily taken control of her. Her head was throbbing. She was so very tired. The emotional stress of the day had undone her and her worst fear had been realised. She’d used her power to thwart Nicolas. Only, she hadn’t exactly succeeded.
She slowly turned to look at her guards, whose loyalty had never wavered before this moment. “The situation is under control,” she told them. “You may return to your posts.”
The relief was palpable on each and every face, most of all the Captain’s. As they watched the guards depart, Catherine murmured, “It isn’t just my mother, is it?”
“The men respect Nicolas. If he actually manages to heal the queen, he’ll be a national hero.” Not that her failure tonight would stop the famous de’Ariggo temper next time, Gascon thought. 
“They’d never dare hesitate when I’m queen.”
“I’m not so sure.”
She frowned up at him, startled by this viewpoint. Gascon, of all people, should know better. He knew the history of her grandfather and great-grandfather. He’d held her hand at age five when her father had packed his bags and stormed from the castle, never to return.
As if he could read her thoughts, Gascon shrugged a shoulder. “I told you he is different.”
“Catherine,” Nicolas called in a deadly quiet voice.
She spun back to him, then gulped at the look on his face. He was angry. Very angry.
“That was the worst case of a temper tantrum I’ve ever seen.” His features were so tensed, his lips barely moved as he spoke. His eyes were dark, deep and narrowed to slits. “Don’t try it on me again.”
With that, he loped past her in long strides that quickly took him across the hall and up the stairs. 
“If the guards had forcibly removed him, he’d be storming off in the opposite direction,” she predicted. Nicolas might command more authority than any of the previous men in her family, but underneath, they were all the same. “The only reason he’s not heading for the door is because he managed to overrule me, this time. His pride is intact.”
“Will you never cease underestimating the man?”
“I’m not underestimating him, Gascon. I’m protecting him.”
“If you say so.”
Catherine rubbed at her throbbing temples. The day had been one long fight and the end was nowhere in sight. 
“He passed your test,” Gascon mused. “Will you listen to your heart now instead of your past?”
“What test?” she countered.
Gascon wasn’t misled by the denial. Catherine might not admit that she was sounding out the prospect of her and Nicolas, not even to herself, but her heart would not remain quiet.
For the first time in years, Gascon saw a light flicker in the blackness of her world and said a silent prayer that the harsh legacy left to her would not snuff it.



7



Catherine didn’t need to speculate long on Gascon’s comments. Even if last night was some kind of subconscious test, she was about to have the real thing.
“You need to shut down the mines,” Nicolas stated, barging into her office without knocking and pulling up a seat at the opposite end of the desk as he slapped a folder down in front of him.
That he chose to sit as far as possible from her was not lost of Catherine. He was still livid about last night. Her heart, meanwhile, spiked at his news. “If this is your way of informing me that you’ve identified the poison, your bedside manner is severely wanting.”
Nicolas gave himself a mental kick on the shin. 
He’d been so wrapped up in his alarming discovery this morning, yesterday’s yield was old news and he’d completely forgotten that he hadn’t yet told her. “I’m sorry, Catherine. Yes, I found a match in the rock samples and I’m working on the serum to fight the triggered infection and counteract the invasion. The procedure is complex, but I’m hoping for a positive result by tomorrow.”
“Oh, thank God,” she murmured on a breathless sigh. 
As he watched, he could almost see the dark aura that had been weighing down her spirit depart, tilting her lips up into their natural curve as it ascended, rubbing out the faint lines above her brow that he’d mistaken for early aging, washing the tiredness from her eyes. 
As furious as he was over her childish performance with the guards, he was happy that he’d been the one to put a smile back into her soul. If she’d allow him, he’d spend the rest of his life ensuring that it stayed there. 
After last night, however, his confidence had slipped another notch.
She stretched her arms over the desk, as if reaching for him, her gaze shimmering with the hope inside. “How can I ever thank you?”
Reach for me. 
Hold onto me. 
Trust in me enough to keep me.
He shook the thoughts loose and let them go before answering. “You can thank me by shutting down those mines.”
“I’m listening,” Catherine said, putting away her happiness to savour later. There were a hundred and one reasons why production could never be stopped, but his concerns would be addressed and some other solution found. 
Nicolas leaned back in his seat and folded his arms. “The rock contains a poisonous mineral, undiscovered to the general public as yet although I’m sure your experts in America and Russia are well aware of it and its properties.”
“No one’s going to accidentally grind a lump of rock into a fine powder and ingest it,” Catherine contributed thoughtfully. “Half the earth must be made up of minerals that are inadvisable for consumption.”
“This morning I found traces of the mineral in all the plant and grass samples taken directly out of the rock.”
“That seems reasonable.” Catherine pulled a notepad closer and started jotting down notes. “I’ll call an immediate meeting with the supervisors and—” She glanced up. “I’d appreciate if you’d attend, to share your information firsthand.” At his nod, she looked down again and continued with her notes. “Pamphlets will be released throughout Ophella as a special alert. We’ll need an emergency briefing on each shift change before the miners go down—”
“Wait a minute,” he interrupted. “You still intend to send the miners in?”
“I’ll take every precaution in the book and more, but the mines stay open.”
“It’s not enough.” 
She sat back. “Nicolas, our hills are flush with vegetation that is harmful to the body. The only difference, other than that this was purposefully administered in a crime against my mother, was our ignorance of its existence and lack of medication in the case of contamination up to now.”
And so the argument began, spinning loops inside her head. No matter what measures she proposed, Nicolas was insistent that all the mines be shut while he completed a thorough investigation and produced a conclusive report.
“I’ll put one mine at your disposal,” Catherine conceded eventually, her stomach clenched at the repercussions. Russia and America would not easily accept the reduction. “I can’t do more than that.”
Nicolas jumped to his feet, palms banged down on the desk. “You can do anything you want to. You’ve spared no pains to ram the extent of your power down my throat, now all of a sudden your hands are tied?”
She pushed up from her chair to meet his angry stare. “This goes beyond Ophella’s borders. If the problem was more serious, a threatening epidemic or widespread contamination, then I’d be forced to bear the consequences and take your advice.”
“It is serious. We have no idea of the extent of the contamination.”
“The mines are a secure site,” she said firmly. “Disaster of any nature can and will be contained, which is much more than I can vouch for if we shut down production.”
“Spare me the melodrama, Catherine.” 
“Melodrama?” she spluttered. 
His brows went up in unspoken contempt, draining her energy, her anger, her fight. She sank into her chair to stare at his dark, grim face. So, this is how it begins. If she didn’t already know the ending, she’d prepare for battle. 
But she did know. 
It was one of the endings she’d hoped to avoid by leaving him four years ago. The preferred one, considering the alternative.
Taking her cue, Nicolas dropped down with a growl of frustration. “Why are you doing this? Just because you can? To push me away again?”
“Don’t make this personal,” she said wearily. 
“It already is.”
Catherine shook her head at him. “I don’t make decisions concerning Ophella on a whim. Don’t for one moment think I’ve forgotten that my mother is a victim of attempted murder and this mineral was the weapon. There’s more to consider here than you can possibly imagine.”
“Obviously,” he barked sarcastically. “Forgive me, but I have a problem imagining anything worse than risking human life.”
“So do I,” she assured him. 
His anger was so tangible, she felt as if she could reach out and touch it. She didn’t want to. She wanted to soothe the hardness from his jaw, bristled and shadowed from missing his morning shave. She wanted to wave a magic wand and melt the darkness in his accusing eyes. 
Instead, she took a deep breath and expelled it slowly. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to make arrangements in lieu of what you’ve told me.”
“You can’t dismiss me so easily.”
She’d never be able to dismiss him, she countered silently. Her love for him would be carried to the grave. “I do appreciate your concerns, Nicolas, and I understand your frustration. If there was a way, I promise you, I’d shut down those mines until I had your clearance and permission.”
“There is way,” Nicolas shot back. “But you’re not prepared to take the loss.”
“The mines have made us a rich country,” Catherine agreed in part. “Rich enough to sustain a few month’s loss in production without even noticing it.” 
She tapped her pen on the desk, wondering why she was still arguing, debating how much she could actually say. As much as she trusted Nicolas, this was a matter of national security. “We have contracts with powerful countries. Join the dots and draw your own conclusions.”
He stood, kicking his chair back in disgust. “I have and I don’t like what I see.”
“You are an idealist,” she said as he turned away. “You’ll always find one thing or another to disapprove of until the day you get to Heaven.”
He made no acknowledgment of having heard her.
Her eyes followed him as he walked from the room, hungry for every detail of his broad back, the glossy brown waves of healthy hair that hadn’t been trimmed in over a month and curled up into his neck, the way his lean, muscular body filled the well worn faded denims. She looked and looked, until the door slammed between them, and then she leant back and closed her eyes, adding the picture to her private store of memories.
It wouldn’t be long now. He’d closet himself inside his lab until he’d perfected the serum and then he’d leave. She wasn’t even sure if she’d see him again.
Not long, she assured herself, then she could begin her own healing process from scratch again. As daunting as the prospect was, she’d survived it before. 
Meanwhile, she had a country to save and she needed her mother’s advice. Maybe she was wrong and Nicolas was right. Maybe she was playing God with her people’s lives and taking needless risks.
“Impossible,” her mother insisted. She gripped Catherine’s hand as tightly as her strength allowed and met her gaze with a determination that belied her frailty. “I’m also against shutting down Mine 3. Have you considered the ramifications?”
“I promised Nicolas.” She didn’t add that Nicolas wouldn’t be around to hold her to that promise. The mine would be shut off and quarantined either way and a team of experts brought in.
“As much as I admire that young man’s concern and dedication, I really wish you hadn’t.”
“Don’t you worry, I’ll handle this without ruffling any diplomatic feathers,” Catherine soothed, patting her mother’s hand. “I didn’t want to bother you, but sometimes it feels as if I don’t have the experience or knowledge to make these decisions.”
“I hate to say it, darling, but that feeling never goes away entirely.”
Catherine gave a shaky laugh and squeezed her mother’s hand. “Well, now I feel so much better.”
Her mother smiled with her, then put her head back on the pillow and closed her eyes. “Damn those mines.”
Catherine agreed wholeheartedly. As much wealth as the discovery had brought Ophella, she’d give it all up to eliminate the constant threat snapping at their heels. If she shut down the mines, America or Russia, probably both, would step in and take over production of the mines as well as the entire country—or what was left of Ophella—while they were at it.  
She heard the door click softly open, but didn’t turn around or look up, assuming it was Dr. Stanzis returning. 
Nicolas watched mother and daughter from the doorway; one pale and shrivelled, the other bursting with vitality, both a power to be reckoned with and autocratically stubborn. His gaze went to Catherine’s profile and lingered. 
His temper was still high and he didn’t particularly want to be in the same room as her right now. Things were bad enough between them and he’d only make it worse. He was neither blind nor closed to the principles of running a country. Disturbing the economic balance and giving up the pittance of power Ophella had claimed with its mysterious contracts were no small matter. But then, neither was risking lives! 
She’d accused him of being an idealist. 
He was. 
And damn if he wasn’t proud of it.
His face grim, his spine stiff, he closed the door and crossed to the other side of the bed from where she sat. “Is she sleeping?” he whispered.
Her head shot up to greet him with a startled gaze. “Um, I think so.”
“I’m awake,” Helene contradicted, opening her eyes.
Nicolas bent his smile on the queen. “I need to draw a small amount of blood, Helene.”
She nodded and, well aware of the routine, held out her arm.
He swabbed a patch of skin and took the sample, talking all the while in low undertones, reassuring, comforting and giving hope. 
Catherine watched on with muted pride, her heart swelling at his tender touch and gentle words. 
When he’d finished, he gave her one last dark look before departing as quietly as he’d entered. There was nothing tender or gentle in that look. Catherine blinked back a tear and said her silent goodbyes. In her mind, she saw the man who’d loved whipping up sumptuous meals that they could enjoy in the privacy of his home, who’d tumbled her in the leaves of Hyde Park with laughter dancing in his eyes, who’d held her hand across a rickety coffee table in that sentimental café they’d gone back to so many times.  
She’d never see that man again.
Nicolas shoved the hard hat on his head before entering the crowded room in the onsite administration building. In faded denims and a jumper, he blended seamlessly with the miners who’d been re-routed for the briefing session as they signed on for the day’s shift.
He stayed near the door, putting his back against the wall and folding his arms as he watched Catherine raise a hand for silence at the other end of the room. She stood on a slightly raised platform that made her visible to every person in attendance. The pale grey suit contrasted sharply with the auburn hair falling to her shoulders. The navy blouse beneath sparked the blue in her eyes. She stood straight, her chin high, her gaze not scanning the room, but catching an eye here and there and talking directly to that man.
She looked beautiful and confident. She looked every bit the royal princess that she was. 
Even though she had to project her voice to be heard, it lost none of its melodic quality as she briefed the men on the situation. Her talk was concise and accurate, quoting from the folder he’d left behind on her desk after their argument this morning. Nicolas found himself reluctantly admiring her, even though they were on opposite sides of the negotiating table.
His brow went up as she launched into a string of recommendations of himself, adding her own personal appreciation of his qualifications and praising his accomplishments.
She held up the folder of information he’d prepared. “Nicolas Vecca is of the opinion that all mining should be halted until further investigations can be carried out. There’ll be absolutely no repercussions to any person wishing to stay off from work until the conclusive reports are in and the matter finalised.” 
His interest quickened, Nicolas straightened from the wall. She’d given them the truth and the option to make up their own minds. He’d barged into her office and demanded she shut down production. Her way was elegant and diplomatic and totally acceptable. 
“You’ll receive full salaries and benefits for the duration,” Catherine continued. “You have my personal assurance this won’t effect future promotions or impact our faith in your reliability.”
There were a few low chuckles and many approving grunts dispersed through the room.
Nicolas shook his head on a slow smile. His grudging admiration flared into pride and respect. Even when she backed down in defeat, she did it with a flair of grace. God, was it any wonder he loved this woman to distraction?
“However,” Catherine called, raising her voice above the hum, which immediately quietened. “However, let us not forget we’ve been operating for twenty years and there’s been no unexplained deaths or illnesses. I value Nicolas Vecca’s opinion, but I must stress that the consequences of ceasing all operation will seriously impact Ophella on many levels. I’ve told you about the extra precautions we’re putting in place. Now I must ask you to put your trust in me.”
She paused, the silence in the room total enough to hear a pin drop. Nicolas, for one, could clearly hear the blood buzz inside his head. His smile faded, the reason behind it forgotten as his anger returned.
“Trust in me,” she repeated, so softly, it was surprising he heard it at the back. “I wouldn’t ask this of you without good reason. We need to keep production up in the four mines that will remain operational.” 
Another pause. “Ophella needs you.”
Despite his anger, Nicolas found himself hanging on her every word. 
Her smile was warm and seductive. Her eyes implored each man in the room. “I need you.”
The protective instinct conjured by her plea was overwhelming. In that moment, he’d sign his soul over to the devil to give her anything she needed, anything she wanted. 
As the men shuffled from the room, as he recognised the determination stamped on their faces, the emotion expressed in their eyes, he knew that this was the devil’s lucky day. 
“Cazzo,” he muttered irritably. Damn Catherine and her underhanded tactics. She gave the impression of offering free choice, but no man here had stood a chance. 
She didn’t demand, she asked. 
As if any red bloodied man could deny such a desperate appeal from such a beautiful woman. Ophella might be a democracy, but so long as Catherine ruled, it might as well be a dictatorship. 
God, he thought again and not quite as happily, was it any wonder he loved this woman to distraction? 
The room cleared and still he remained where he was, watching as she chatted with Gascon and her secretary, Erling, and another man he didn’t recognise. He moved only when she glanced about and caught sight of him with a startled jerk.
“I didn’t expect to see you,” Catherine said as he approached. Her shoulders stiffened in defence, expecting an immediate attack on her speech.
“Erling said you were meeting with the supervisors down here at two o’ clock. I was invited to attend, if you recall.”
“Of course.” She smiled weakly, introducing him to the mine supervisor as she gathered her papers and folders. She’d assumed that he’d wash his hands off Ophella and leave as soon as his job was done. She’d assumed wrong. Nicolas didn’t give up on a cause that easily, as she well knew. “We’re about to go in.”
Nicolas fell in beside Gascon as they followed Catherine and the others to the scheduled meeting room.
“She’s under a lot of stress,” Gascon said in a low voice. “I hope you haven’t come to disrupt the meeting.”
Nicolas didn’t answer. He wasn’t in the mood for Gascon today, especially not when the man was defending Catherine. 
He was furious at the way she’d negated his concerns and manipulated the miners. 
He was hungry for a taste of those sweetly curved lips that had won her cause for her with one appealing smile. 
He wanted to curse her to hell for using her power to fight him. 
He wanted to take her in his arms and love her.
What he wanted, what they both needed, was a temporary respite, Nicolas realised as he found a chair around the table and caught a fleeting glimpse of Catherine without her mask. No more than a brief moment, and then the strain dulling her eyes cleared, the tightness pulling down her lips eased. Then and there, he knew what he wanted most within the current restrictions she insisted on imposing. He wanted that brief unmasked moment to last an hour and he wanted to use every single minute of that hour reminding her of what they’d once had. 
Catherine’s expectations of a blustery meeting with her and Nicolas going at each other head to head didn’t unfold. He kept his briefing factual, answering questions put to him by the six supervisors at the table and proposing additional safety measures to the ones she put forward. 
Relieved, pleasantly surprised and not a little confounded, Catherine accepted his offer of a ride back to the castle. “I must admit, I expected to find you picketing in front of the mines rather than backing me up in there.”
He started the engine and threw her a grin. “There’s more power inside the boardroom than outside. You know me.”
“If you can’t beat them, join them?” she queried in astonishment. If that was the case, she didn’t know him at all.
“I was thinking more along the lines of invasion of the inner circle.”
Catherine laughed, but a second later she was serious again. “You can’t make me change my mind, Nicolas.”
He glanced her way, his eyes dark and just as serious. “You can’t stop me from trying.”
When he faced back to the road, Catherine continued staring at him, wondering how she could admire his confidence, idealism and determination so much when it was those very qualities she was up against. But she did. She not only admired them, but she loved him all the more for them. They were part of him, probably the best part. 
She was only sorry, deeply, sadly sorry that she had to be the one to fight him. That she had to be the one to defeat him. 
At the next juncture, he turned off down a dirt road, the suddenly bumpy ride grabbing her attention. 
“Where are you—” She broke off as she recognised the lake. “This takes us to the Hunting Lodge.”
He arched a playful brow. “Some of us have excellent memories.”
“It’s quite beautiful,” she said, ignoring the dig and assuming he was taking a short detour for a little sightseeing. “The lake is filled with trout and salmon. Gascon used to bring me fishing here.”
“Is he ever not around?” Nicolas muttered, glancing over his shoulder as he drove, surprised to not find the man tailing them. When the rustic log cabin came into view, he forgot all about Gascon. “Wow, this is not what I expected.”
“You were expecting turrets?” she quipped.
“Do you blame me?” he threw back. As soon as he cut the engine, he jumped down from the Land Rover, lifting his collar up to his chin against the bitter wind blowing off from the lake. 
“It’s so…ordinary,” he added when Catherine joined him in front of the vehicle.
She gave a soft laugh. “It’s deceptively ginormous inside.”
He turned to her, saw the wind catch her scarf, and quickly grabbed at it. As he tucked the tasselled edges back inside her coat, his fingers brushed her throat, warm and silky. Her fragrance teased his nostrils and struck a chord of raw desire. The air between them seemed to thicken, slowing him down, shutting off his mind. She looked up into his eyes and his blood warmed beneath the blue fire that enticed his senses. 
Nothing existed beyond this moment. 
His fingers clutched the lapels of her coat to tug her closer. 
Catherine went willingly. The protective gesture of tucking in her scarf against the wind had lit a memory that outshone the present. 
She knew this. The love and passion smouldering in his dark, intense gaze. The tension in his jaw as he focused the two of them into a world of their own. The hunger on the lips reaching down for her. 
She wanted this. She met his kiss with parted lips, throwing her arms around his neck, linking her fingers through his hair. 
This is all I’ve ever wanted.
Why is it too much to ask for?
His arms came around her, lifting her into him, folding his heat around her as he deepened the kiss with slanting, determined strokes. His bristled jaw scraped lightly against her skin, igniting another memory. There were so many. And here they were, making yet another one. Even as her body responded to him in pleasure, her heart sobbed beneath. 
She didn’t need or want another memory. 
She felt as if she’d never truly be alive without the real thing.
He stopped the kiss, but he didn’t release her. Catherine shivered at the simple joy of being in his arms.
“You’re cold,” he murmured against her cheek.
Before she could object, he tipped her back onto her feet. Still, he didn’t let go. Not completely. He held onto her hand, pulling her toward the cabin. 
Once she realised his intentions, Catherine dug her toes in, forcing him to stop. “The cabin is locked.”
His grin matched the mischievous glint in his eyes. “Did I forget to mention that my high IQ comes with unnatural lock picking abilities?”
“Idiot,” she giggled, half high on love and half desperate to cling to this isolated moment.
Deciding they’d procrastinated enough, Nicolas swung her into his arms and carried her to the door. When he put her down, he claimed another lingering kiss before turning his attention on the sturdy door. “I need something to pick this with.”
“Maybe in the Land Rover?” she suggested.
His gaze returned to her. “I’ll be back. Don’t go anywhere.”
Her heart leapt at the vulnerability in his eyes, in his voice, as if he was in no way certain that she wouldn’t disappear the second he turned his back.
“I won’t,” she assured him, at once aware of just how badly her leaving had effected him. Of course it had, she just hadn’t given it proper thought. He radiated such power, authority and confidence, it was impossible to imagine anything existed that he could not defeat. But he’d slipped down to the corner shop one morning and returned to find her gone. Not only gone, but dead. That would shake the foundations of a mountain.
She wanted to give back a little of what she’d taken. A part of her knew why he’d brought her here and a part of her had already consented to his will, but she could do better. She could give him this time without holding anything back at all. Head, heart and soul. The price she’d pay was no more than he’d already paid. 
As he walked to the vehicle and opened the boot to stick his head inside, Catherine ducked around the side of the house and sprinted to the shed. She was back before he came out again, but the short run had cleared her head and made place for doubts.
“What are we doing?” she asked softly as he reached her, his hands full with a mix of heavy-duty tools and other scraps, such as a paper clip and an old dog collar that had been forgotten. 
“Breaking in?” he said with a grin, although that faded as he searched her eyes and found the sombre note.
“After everything that’s happened, how can you not be angry?”
“I’m not angry,” Nicolas corrected. “I’m furious.”
He saw her chin lift, her eyes cool, her body stiffen, and immediately dropped his booty to the floor and gathered her into his chest. “I won’t belittle our disagreement. It is serious and nowhere near over. We’re both angry, frustrated, convinced of our own righteousness and determined to win.” 
As he spoke, he stroked her hair, caressed her cheek with the edge of his thumb, cupped her chin in his palm. “We have a problem and it’s going to get worse before we’re through. I hate that you’d go against me in this, that you cannot see the consequences as I see them, but I’ll never hate you. I love you. I want you. Put away the fight for a couple of hours. I want to make love to you and then I want to hold you in my arms and think of nothing else. Give us this moment.”
He felt her melt against him. 
“In that case,” Catherine murmured, pushing her way out of his arms, “you’d better get started on that lock.”
He held her gaze a moment longer, then dropped to his knees to sort through the mess at his feet.
Her heart pounded at what was happening, at the fantasy he’d painted, and for just this once, she wasn’t going to deny it. This wasn’t just for him. This was about both giving and taking. “This isn’t going to change my mind, you know.”
He grinned up at her. “It isn’t going to change mine either.”
Catherine laughed at his cheeky arrogance. “Stalemate?”
“Truce,” he countered.
She let the last niggling doubt float away on the gusty wind.
Give us this moment.
No regrets. No worries over tomorrow. And if a little flicker of hope strummed her heart, whispering that maybe Gascon was right and she was wrong, maybe Nicolas was different, so be it.
Her lips curled up in amusement as she watched him attack the door lock with everything ranging from a paper clip to a screwdriver. “Having a little trouble with your high IQ?”
He threw the screwdriver down in disgust and pushed up from his knees, eyeing the door with a scowl. “I could always kick it in.”
Catherine reached into her coat pocket and brought back the key she’d retrieved from its hiding place in the shed. “Or we could use this.”
When he saw the key she dropped into his palm, he turned on her, his eyes glinting dangerously.
“You’ll pay for this, cucciola,” he growled, scooping her up into his arms and following her squeal with a shout of laughter as his mouth closed down on her lips. The kiss quickly went from playful to tender to urgent.
Shifting her weight to free one hand, he unlocked the door and carried her across the threshold.
From his parked position behind two thick bushes, Gascon chuckled to himself as the cabin door closed them in and him out. He considered waiting, then started the engine with the turn of the key as he dismissed the idea. 
Catherine was in safe hands for now.
Besides, Nicolas had asked him to look into something. Well, not exactly asked. He’d phrased it as a request, but there’d been nothing short of a command in his tone.
With another chuckle, he slammed the gears into reverse. He hadn’t seen this day coming. The day he took orders from anyone other than Catherine or the queen.



8



Catherine was in a smiling, kitten-with-creamed-whiskers mood as Nicolas bundled her into his jacket and lifted her out of the Land Rover and into his arms. The feisty wind had brought black clouds that had unleashed a storm while they were at the cabin. Reluctant as they were for their stolen afternoon to end, they’d nevertheless used a momentary lapse in the lashing rain to return to the castle and reality. 
“I can walk, you know,” Catherine protested feebly as he carried her across the puddle-ridden courtyard. Very feebly. She wasn’t ready to let go of the intimacy they’d rekindled. She’d never be ready. 
Nicolas gave her a decidedly wolfish grin. “I like having you in my arms and I didn’t hear any complaints earlier.”
She rolled her eyes at him, but was content to hang onto his neck and snuggle deeper. Just a moment longer.
Maybe forever, whispered her heart.
She pressed her cheek into the soft wool of his jumper, inhaling deeply of his scent, smiling at the rapturous hours they’d shared; making love in front of the fire he’d built; sipping hot chocolate and talking, laughing, remembering; holding each other in a silence filled with tender love words, their eyes exchanging secret promises made in the moment but with a depth of commitment to hold a lifetime.
Maybe forever, Catherine agreed dreamily. But even as she thought it, the doubts returned. They were too real to be dampened by a dream. 
She’d seen her father, once an Illinois state senator, crushed by Ophella’s demands. The few times he’d returned to visit had been ruled by the bitter rows that had originally driven him away. His pride hammered with each proposed policy passed over by his wife, the authority he’d once had shred to pieces by the woman who was supposed to love, honour and obey him—the result had not only destroyed the love between her parents, it had destroyed the man. The last time she’d seen him, he’d looked emaciated, his skin blotchy and red, his hair thinned, lips pinched, his tongue the wasp that stung the last of her hope…and then she’d never seen him again, didn’t even know where he lived. Now and again a report filtered through and then he disappeared again.
When they reached the door, Nicolas slid her down his body with provocative slowness, taking her mouth in a lingering kiss as her feet touched the ground. 
Tingling from the urgency of his lips, warmed by the length of their bodies pressed up close, unaccountably delighted at his possessive gaze prolonging the kiss long after it ended, Catherine clasped her fingers tightly into his when he took her hand. 
Not forever, she reassured herself, but maybe just a little longer.
Before opening the door, Nicolas pulled her flush against his side, forcing their linked hands behind them and out of sight. 
To keep her close and closer. 
To protect the link that bound them from the rest of the world. 
His reasons were there for her to see in the brown gaze that burnt into her and branded her soul. A surge of love overwhelmed her and she had to hold on, lean into him, as she stumbled through the doorway.
Serge was hovering in the hallway and Catherine dismissed him with a smile. Clearly, Serge had seen their vehicle pull up some time ago and had been debating her preference to come and go without him standing on ceremony at the door. 
Unfortunately, there was more. Instead of leaving, Serge approached in his usual decorous manner. “Mr. Talacon arrived shortly before the lunch hour, ma’am. He awaits you in the reception room.”
“Thank you, Serge.” Catherine glanced up at Nicolas. “Geoffrey’s father is here. I’m afraid I have to see him. Come with me?”
“I have things to do in the lab,” he said. “You go ahead.”
“I’ll pop in later,” she promised, but when she tried to extract her hand, he held on. She laughed softly. “You have to let go.”
“I will.” He grinned, doing no such thing as he looked straight ahead.
Catherine turned from him just in time to see Serge disappear through a doorway. No sooner had the door closed, than she felt Nicolas’s fingers tilt her chin back up to him. He kissed her deeply, thoroughly, and left her wanting more.
“Now you may go,” he said with a chuckle, releasing her hand.
After greeting Harvey Talacon and enjoying a pleasant half hour with him and Geoffrey, Catherine excused herself to catch up on the work she’d neglected. 
“I’m sorry you had such a short visit with my mother,” she told Harvey. “She usually feels better in the mornings. If the weather lets up tomorrow, maybe you could take her for a walk in the gardens.”
His eyes crinkled in concern as he patted her hand. “I look forward to that.”
She gave Geoffrey an encouraging smile, aware from certain remarks sprinkled into the conversation that he’d not yet broken his news to his father. 
“I’ll see both of you at supper,” Catherine added as she took her leave.
The last thing she felt capable of was concentrating on the minutes of the meeting and actioning the outstanding points, plus whatever else had accumulated while she’d played hooky. She curled her legs up on the wide windowsill in her office and stared unseeing into the unrelenting rain coming down in sheets against the window, taking a few long moments to savour the warm feeling in her tummy that lingered on from the cabin. She could have stayed like that till supper, reliving every touch, smile and word. She could have.
“But I have work to do,” she insisted firmly, removing herself to her desk and the stack of papers Erling had left out for her. The top page was a printed email message, sent from Nicolas to Erling and left for her approval. As she read, she felt her heart grow physically heavier, every word another rock piled on to weigh her down. She pinched her eyes closed, struggling for composure and instead saw the tower of dreams she’d promised not to build collapse. 
With that came anger. It coiled low in her gut, then grew and grew, brewing into a fury to match the raging storm outside.
Damn the man.
She was on her feet, marching from her office, up the stairs, down the left fork from the landing, her body fuelled on anger aimed as much at herself as at Nicolas for the impending devastation. 
Nicolas was bent over a long table, test tube in one hand, the other hovering over the keyboard of his computer. 
“Why?” she demanded from the doorway.
His gaze flew up, his instant grin of recognition faltering before it fully formed. “Catherine.”
“Why are you doing this?” Arms clasped about her midriff to hide the trembling of emotions, she took a slow walk up to the table. 
With precise, visibly controlled movements, he slotted the test tube in its stand, then straightened. His eyes hardened and he had the audacity to feign innocence. “Doing what?”
“The meeting you’ve requested,” she snapped, her glare every bit as hard as his. “You couldn’t even come to me. You went behind my back to Erling.”
He stared at her for a long moment, then the tension in his eyes and jaw relaxed. “I didn’t go behind your back, Catherine. I emailed the details to Erling, well aware your approval would be required, down to the last attendee and item of discussion.”
“Don’t be pedantic. You know exactly what I’m talking about.”
“Actually, I don’t.” He walked around the table.
For a moment, she thought he was coming at her, to take her in his arms, to kiss her senseless, to make her forget. As he’d done this afternoon without a trace of guilt. Her spine stiffened, preparing to defend what little was left of her heart. Instead, he headed for a cabinet, hunkering down to delve inside it. As if her accusation was so trivial, so inconsequential, it required only half his attention.
She turned to blast him, never mind that all he gave her was his back. “I’m talking about this afternoon, Nicolas. You let it happen—no, you made it happen, allowed me to believe.” 
Her words choked on the realisation of what she was saying. Why she really felt so blindsided. 
She was an idiot. A fool. She’d told herself she was listening to her head, giving and taking with a clear understanding of the limits and consequences, when all the while she’d in fact been trusting in those whispers of her heart.
Nicolas came up with another set of test tubes, looking at her with a bland expression as he went behind his table once again. “If you’re asking me to regret this afternoon, Catherine, then the answer is no. Neither am I some ogre in this wonderland you live in.”
“You deliberately deceived me.”
His jaw went rigid. His hand came up, the stand of test tubes rattling precariously as his arm swept outward. Cursing beneath his breath, he broke off from her heated glare to concentrate on putting the rack down carefully.
And then, finally, Nicolas gave her his full attention. “We had a mutual understanding. Nothing would change your mind and nothing would change mine either. Are you so damn self opinionated that you assumed only your side of the bargain counted?”
Her chin lifted stubbornly, her eyes ice blue and cutting through him. “Don’t shift the blame. There’d have been no bargain if I knew of your intentions.”
“Intentions?” Nicolas bit out irritably. “All I did was request a meeting with you and your advisors and a panel of experts. Only you could make that sound evil.”
Her eyes narrowed into him. “And you didn’t come directly to me because you knew it would interfere in the bit of fun you’d planned for the afternoon.”
“No.” Nicolas rubbed at his temples, then dragged his fingers down his face. When he’d sent that email, his only intention had been to stay as far away from Catherine as possible to spare them both the agony. “I emailed Erling because he is your secretary and, as far as I’m aware, handles your first line of correspondence.”
The silence lasted, until he was eventually forced to move his hands and look at Catherine.
“You should have told me and you know it.” She sounded more sad than angry now. “You should have told me before carrying me inside that cabin. If you’re as innocent as you want me to believe, then tell me why you didn’t and don’t you dare pretend it never crossed your mind.”
His conscience went ragged at the truth. He should admit it and let her win.
Nicolas shook his head on a sigh as his heart refused to give up so easily. “I asked you to give us that moment away from everything else, just the two of us, and you agreed. I thought you meant it. I certainly did, which is the reason I never mentioned the meeting.”
He didn’t feel noble about the partial omission, but then he was beginning to wonder if there was anything noble about love at all. 
He’d come close to walking away in that first week he’d come to Ophella. No matter how much he’d protested Catherine doubting him, he had almost walked; the first time his dedication to saving life had ever come into question. And hadn’t he’d wished Catherine dead, if only for a split second, to spare his aching heart? He’d taunted Geoffrey and pressurised Catherine to bend to his will, more than likely breaking up an engagement in the process.
Nicolas knew he was no saint, but he’d always had compassion first, until proven wrong. Now it felt as if all he knew was anger, fighting and duplicity.
All in the name of love lost, found, and if he wasn’t totally ruthless, lost again.
“You’re the one who insisted this fight wasn’t personal,” he added when she showed no sign of relenting. “What happened this afternoon has nothing to do with Ophella and how you decide to rule it, right or wrong. I won’t apologise for not bringing up your business diary in between kisses.”
Catherine could think of a hundred retorts to that, but she felt as if her emotions had run the gamut and now she was back at anger, a place she didn’t want to be. Besides, her anger had nothing to do with right or wrong, with Nicolas’s stubborn opposition and their difference of opinion. What she wanted to hit out at was the inevitable conclusion of the path he’d chosen to go up against her.
“And what if I refuse to grant this meeting?” she asked, steeling herself for his attack.
It came. The cold disdain set in his jaw. The hard questions in his dark stare, as if he debated what he’d ever loved about her, whether he’d ever truly known her. 
“I never took you for a coward, Catherine. Are you afraid to hear what that panel of experts has to say?”
She didn’t argue. She’d rather he keep his reasons than voice her own. 
He brought his fist down hard, but, at the last moment, he splayed his fingers to brace his palm on the table with a show of absolute control. “You should be, you know. I realise you don’t trust my judgement in this, but you might not be able to ignore a team of geologists and toxicologists so easily.”
“I do trust your judgement,” Catherine protested quietly. “And I hope you’ll trust mine. This meeting will do nothing to persuade my mind otherwise, so I don’t see the point.”
“There’s more than one point. I’m hoping one or more of those experts will join my investigative team.” He shook his head at her. “But you won’t see the importance of that either, will you?”
They were going in circles. Again. “Think what you will, Nicolas,” she said, slowly backing toward the door.
“I prefer to do, Catherine. This doesn’t stop here.”
“What—what do you mean? There’s nothing more—”
“Isn’t there? I wonder if your council of advisors would dismiss the relevance of informed decisions as quickly as you do.”
“They don’t have the power to overrule me,” Catherine warned.
“Maybe not, but at least they have the power to make you listen, something I’m clearly unable to achieve.”
Trapped! So cleverly, so neatly. She could hardly protest her council from calling a meeting to hear the facts from all available sources and advise. It was what they did.
“You don’t understand,” Catherine said hoarsely, then turned and fled to the one man who did. 
“It gets worse,” she told Gascon at the end. “These people are his peers. Colleagues he works side by side with.”
“This is bad.” For once, Gascon refrained from muttering something about maybe Nicolas being different. “On the bright side,” he added, sounding anything but, “he won’t be losing to his wife. You’re just another tyrannical ruler who refuses to listen to solid reason.”
“Finally,” she said dourly, “you appreciate why I had to do what I did.”
Her way, a relationship had been destroyed. If she’d given in to her heart, if she’d married Nicolas four years ago, the man himself might very well have been destroyed by the upcoming confrontation.
Catherine felt no triumph in being proven right. She’d never before wanted to be so very wrong.
She avoided Nicolas for the rest of that evening. Or maybe it was he who avoided her. He didn’t come down to supper. She spent a trying evening making polite conversation with the Talacon men when all she wanted was to curl up on her bed and weep for what she’d lost. Once she eventually made it to her bed, she didn’t cry. She stared blankly at the wall, her mind as numb as the rest of her, refusing to think, feel or fear. 
She was Princess Amelia Catherine of Ophella. Four years ago, she’d done the right thing, the only thing, and now Nicolas was reaping the benefits of that decision. He would survive. He would remain a strong force to be reckoned with. He’d return to his own world with nothing more distressing than a few bad memories. He’d return to be the man he’d always been, was always meant to be. She hadn’t destroyed him, as her mother had destroyed her father, as her grandmother had destroyed her grandfather, as her great-grandmother…
Catherine fell asleep on those thoughts and awoke the following morning tired and restless from the onslaught of fitful nightmares. On her way down to her office, she bumped into Nicolas coming up the stairs.
His greeting was curt and done in passing. His quick steps didn’t miss a beat.
“Nicolas,” she called him back, watching his shoulders tense as he paused, regretting the impatience crossing his brows as he turned. “Erling will start arranging your meeting this morning. I expect he’ll be in touch shortly for more particulars.”
“Good,” he responded bluntly, then continued up the stairs.
“Absolutely bloody wonderful,” she muttered sarcastically to his dismissive coldness, at the same time hoping he’d keep it up. She could do with a good reason to remain impartial to him for the next few days. 
Which was exactly why her tummy had no right to turn over at the sight of him smiling at her a couple of hours later. 
He stood at the doorway of her office, his gaze soft and warm on her, the slant of his lips changing into an arrogant grin as he came inside. “I thought you might like to know that the serum is complete. I’m about to administer the first dose to your mother.”
He had every right to be pleased with himself, Catherine thought as she fell back in her chair. All else dwarfed beside the wave of serene joy that swept through her as she stared, somewhat dazed, at the man who was indeed a miracle worker, at least this time around. 
As if reading her thoughts, he perched on the edge of the desk near her and grew serious. “There’s no hundred percent guarantee here, Catherine, not until we see if your mother responds.”
But Catherine wasn’t about to lose faith in him now. “She will,” she said firmly.
“I think so, too.” He reached for her hand, then thought better of it. His grin, however, was back. “Damn, I think she will. Would you like to come up with me?”
Catherine was on her feet before he could regret the offer.
“There won’t be any immediate improvement,” Nicolas said with a chuckle.
“There will be,” she countered with a teasing grin that wavered only slightly. “I feel better already and I’m not even the patient.”
This time he did catch her hand, his fingers folding over hers in a comforting gesture as they walked side by side. The reminder of how strong, compassionate and reliable Nicolas was fogged some of her happiness. Only yesterday, she’d given him every reason to be frustrated and furious with her, yet here he was, sharing her relief and joy, giving comfort, stating in no uncertain terms with every action, word and look that as long as he was around, she’d never have to face anything on her own.
“You were so mad at me this morning,” she started.
“I still am.” His fingers tightened a little on hers and, when she glanced up, there was a gleam in his brown eyes. “In fact, I’m furious.”
She shook her head, laughing. “The last time you said that, I found myself kidnapped for the afternoon.”
“Unfortunately, cucciola, I can’t do that today.”
His head came down, taking her by surprise as he took a kiss without breaking their stride and then demanded one in return. 
As soon as he released her lips, she realised what she’d done. “Nicolas, we shouldn’t. I can’t—”
“You already have,” he cut in softly, then turned his gaze forward as they reached the stairs. “I don’t want another misunderstanding, Catherine. This is about us, not Ophella. I am angry about your attitude to my meeting; I’m finding it increasingly difficult to understand when it comes to you and Ophella. But this is about your mother, about you needing me, about me wanting you to need me. Cazzo.” His gaze slid sideways to her again and his voice turned husky, “It’s also about me wanting you, plain and simple.”
Her heart hitched at the longing in his eyes, in his voice. “You make it sound so easy, Nicolas. So black and white. You might be able to separate your emotions into personal and professional for now, but do you honestly think that won’t change?”
His shoulders lifted in a shrug. “There are plenty of grey patches. I’m still working on those.”
“You sound very sure you’ll succeed,” she said harshly, unreasonably irritated at the arrogance that was so much part and parcel of the man she loved. 
The depth of his insecurity and vulnerability, of past and present pain, darkened his eyes and pulled taut at his jaw. Catherine was instantly ashamed, even more so when he spoke.
“I have to be.” He looked into her eyes a moment longer, then jerked his gaze away. “The alternative is unthinkable.”
“And I have no alternative at all,” she said dully. “I can’t divorce myself from Ophella. Not even for a moment.”
“Then it’s just as well I’m prepared to share you,” Nicolas said cryptically as they entered her mother’s room.
Before she had time to puzzle on what he meant by that, the thought was lost as they gathered at her mother’s bedside with Nicolas launching into a full explanation of what he was about to do and all the possible side effects Helene might expect. 
Catherine stayed until her mother drifted off to sleep, then she left Nicolas and Dr. Stanzis conferring in one corner to take a short walk by the river. When she returned to her office, she was greeted by Nicolas, Gascon and Servuis Grasham, her minister of national security. 
“You’d better sit for this,” Gascon informed her soberly.
Expecting the worst, Catherine took the mug of strong black coffee he pressed into her hands and sipped deeply, looking into Nicolas’s eyes, trying to read him. He seemed grim, but neither particularly sad nor defeated. 
It wasn’t her mother.
As she listened, however, she knew nothing could ever have prepared her for the conversation Gascon had taped between Geoffrey and his father.
Harvey: This is intolerable! I won’t accept it.
Geoffrey: You have no choice. Catherine has made her decision and I’m quite prepared to abide by it. 
Harvey: We had an agreement. How dare—
Catherine and I have made a new agreement. It is our lives, after all.
You? You think this is all about you? Good God, you are a stupid fool.
That’s enough, father. As much as you wanted our families joined, I don’t quite see the urgency that either Catherine or I need sacrifice ourselves just so that our parents can snuggle up at some extended family Christmas.
Harvey, after a long pause, sounding breathless and incredulous: This isn’t about happy families. The things I’ve done. Good God, I’ve risked everything for this bloody throne.
What—what the hell are you talking about?
Nothing— Another pause, followed by a groan— I can’t believe you’ve let this happen. Do have any idea of the power Ophella is sitting on? If you had half a backbone, you would have killed for it. All your life, I’ve had to do everything for you.
There was more, more hints and innuendos, nothing that would stand up in an American court of law once Harvey Talacon’s lawyers had thrashed it.
“There’s still something bothering me,” Nicolas said, frowning as Catherine turned to him. “I understand Harvey thinking he might rule Ophella through Geoffrey, but surely he was aware his son would never be king?”
Servuis cleared his throat and drew all eyes. “Maybe it wasn’t Ophella he was after.”
“The mines.” Catherine ran a hand across her brow, wincing at her total lack of clarity. “He’s always had an unnatural interest in those mines.” 
Servuis met her gaze and held it as they exchanged the devastating truth in silence. The world’s energy crisis would peak in another twenty-five to thirty years. The timing was as near to perfect as could be. Harvey didn’t intend to control Geoffrey, he had his sights on a potential grandchild, the next Ophella heir.
“What is it about those bloody mines?” Nicolas asked.
Her stunned gaze went from Servuis to Nicolas and back again. As much as she trusted Nicolas, as much as she welcomed his support, she couldn’t comprehend that Servuis felt the same way. The man was so close-lipped and suspicious, he treated the smallest of incidents as if they belonged in the top ten of the Pentagon’s highly classified secrets. 
“It was Nicolas’s suggestion to put a bug on Geoffrey,” Gascon said, understanding her confused silence. 
“I know I haven’t been Geoffrey’s greatest fan,” Nicolas took up as her frown turned on him. “This time, however, it wasn’t personal. Once you made the connection between your mother’s poisoning and the unsolved deaths of your hunting dogs and the mines, I started looking at who had been present, who else might have made the same connection and found the perfect poison.”
“We always knew the breaches in security must have come from an inside source,” Servuis concluded. “I’ve been negligent in my duty. Everyone should have been investigated after the—”
Catherine raised a hand to stop him. 
Alex, Jev, they’d been flying back from a visit to the Talacons when their plane had blown apart.  The blast on the Blueberry. 
“He— He tried to kill me as well,” she realised belatedly. 
“He was desperate,” Gascon suggested. “At the time, you were involved with…”
Gascon was tactful enough to omit the details.
Catherine understood. Her marriage to Nicolas would have put Geoffrey, and his father, out of the scene. “But, he had no way of knowing.”
“I knew,” Gascon pointed out.
That Harvey had kept her under surveillance, the lesser of all his evils, somehow laid the final blow to her fragile grasp of denial. The crack was instant.
Catherine saw that her fingers were trembling, but didn’t feel it. She felt curiously disconnected from her body. She knew she was suddenly cold, freezing; knew that her legs were rubbery, her spine prickling ominously, but she didn’t feel a thing. “Don’t take this on yourself, Servuis. If you’d come to me with such suspicions, I’d have rejected them outright. If you’d asked me for permission to pin a bug on any of the Talacons, I would have forbid it. And I know the queen would have done the same.”
She looked helplessly to Nicolas. “He murdered my brothers.”
Nicolas took charge at once, rising to his feet, both his drilling gaze and voice filled with an authority, an intimate right of way that would not give for any man, bodyguard, minister or kingdom. “Please leave us. Princess Amelia and I would like to be alone.”
Gascon was at the door before he’d finished talking. Servuis lingered a moment longer, but he couldn’t catch Catherine’s eye, her gaze stuck on Nicolas, and hastily decided he’d indeed been dismissed as Nicolas’s brows drew together.
As soon as the door closed, Nicolas moved to take a seat beside Catherine, scraping her chair around to face him. Seeing all the signs of shock in her blank eyes and shivering lips, he rubbed warmth into her upper arms and made his voice both gentle and firm. “We are nothing if we cannot trust those closest to us. The human race cannot survive without that trust and, when it is broken, you lose a part of yourself. I cannot give that back to you, Catherine, but I’m here for you. Let me help you.”
Nicolas removed one hand from her arm to wipe his thumb beneath her eyes at the tears that should have been there, tears trapped inside by numb shock. “He’ll never hurt you or another member of your family again.” Sliding his arms around her waist, Nicolas pulled her into his chest. “I won’t allow it, cucciola.”
Catherine rested her cheek against his chest, lulled into his warmth, reassurance and strength, taking from his reserves what she needed to work through the horror. 
Slowly, shock turned to outrage; disbelief hardened to determination. 
Catherine pushed out of his arms to meet his worried gaze. “Thank you, Nicolas. I feel so…” Angry? Stupid? Appalled to the lining of her gut. “I feel much better.”
When she was fully back in her own chair, he kept one hand on her arm. “I can give you a sedative.”
She shook her head and slid the laptop closer to replay the damning portion of the taped conversation. “I want to make him pay,” she ground out bitterly.
“He will, Catherine. I personally guarantee it.”
Catherine blinked at him, well aware how little they had to go on. “You sound so sure.”
His brow went up cockily. “I’ve been accused of that before,” he said, referring to this morning.
She was in no mood to share the private joke. The recent shock had stripped her soul bare and she was not capable of lining her words. Her emotions were too close to the surface and topping that was an aching fury. The strength she relied on so much in Nicolas was the very thing that must destroy their love. “Sometimes you’re almost egotistical. You’re so strong, arrogant and determined, so sure you’ve earned the right to win that you don’t stop to consider the cost.”
“I’m guessing that’s not a compliment.” Nicolas’s humour faded. “I’m not about to go vigilante to bring Harvey Talacon down, if that’s what you’re afraid of.”
She waved a hand at him, dismissing the accusation. “This is about us.”
His jaw clenched. From the way she’d said it, he knew the full interpretation. This is about why there is no ‘us’. Why there’ll never be an ‘us’. “I only want to protect you, Catherine.”
“No, that is not all you want,” she said, rising from her chair to walk away from him. “You want to be my pillar of strength, but I’ve seen too many pillars crumble.”
“I see.” His sigh conveyed his frustrated anger. “Is this about your father?”
She turned at the window to look at him, her lower lip twisted beneath her teeth. “And my grandfather. And my great-grandfather. They were all so strong, big men, bigger than life.”
Nicolas jumped to his feet in a surge of rebellion at having to take on the entire chain of de’Ariggo men. As if Catherine wasn’t challenge enough, he had to defend himself against ghosts. He made it to the door before looking back, before his heart reminded him that he had nowhere to run from Catherine. 
She was in his head, his heart, his blood. 
“Did you ever consider the possibility that it wasn’t their strength that destroyed them, but some weakness in spite of all that strength?” he said softly.
She averted her eyes to look out the window. She took so long in answering, he dared to hope she was thinking on his words, allowing herself to be convinced. 
And she probably had, but only for a brief moment. 
“Every man has at least one weakness,” she agreed, looking back to him with a blue gaze as steady as her unchanged mind.
She was right, of course. He had his weaknesses as much as the next man. And right now, he identified at least two, one of which was a murderous urge to fly through time and pay each of her male ancestors an ominous visit.
Nicolas decided to put his bets on the second. “You are my weakness, Catherine. And my strength. I could never fall so long as you’re balancing my life.”
He didn’t wait around for another slamming comment or doubt. When it came, and it would, he’d deal with it. He’d spoken the truth inside his heart. Without Catherine, he’d crawl through the rest of his life, crippled and incomplete, as he had the last four years. 
If he had to, he’d survive.
But he’d had enough of just surviving.



9



The Talacons left the following morning. Catherine watched the limousine navigate the circular drive around the fountain from her office window, her face crusted in a tight grimace. Servuis had advised against open accusations, so she’d left Gascon to plead pressing Ophella business and her mother’s need for quiet during her recovery. She didn’t trust herself in the same room as her brother’s murderers. 
“Harvey Talacon should have left here in handcuffs,” she said bitterly, turning from the window.
“We’ll get him,” Gascon assured her grimly, then added, “Have you seen today’s paper?”
“I haven’t even had time for my first caffeine dose yet.”
“Page two,” he called out as he disappeared through the door.
Catherine poured herself a mug of coffee and took it back to her desk, sliding the copy of Ophella Times from the morning pile of newspapers as she sat down. 
The front page was devoted to the mines, the dangers and the safety precautions that had been put in place. Once she was satisfied her people had been thoroughly informed, Catherine flicked to the second page. 
Nicolas’s image smiled at her, so devastating and charming, she had to smile back for a good moment before moving on to the small writing underneath. No official statement had yet been released, but she was not surprised to read of her mother’s imminent recovery and the man behind it. These things had a way of getting out, no matter what.
Catherine hit the button on her phone to summon Erling. When he came through the inter-leading door, she waved the newspaper at him, “We’ll have to arrange a press conference for today.”
“Already done,” he said, confirming he’d seen the article.
The next three days passed too quickly for Catherine. Her mother was improving, although she was nowhere near full health yet. Nicolas spent most of his time between the queen and the mines, but reserved the evenings for Catherine. 
After supper, they sat by the fire until the wee morning hours, talking, playing chess and simply gazing into each other’s eyes over a mug of hot chocolate or glass of whiskey.
Every night, he walked her up the stairs, took her in his arms and kissed her, thoroughly and urgently.
And every night she somehow managed to slip free and close her bedroom door between them. 
She was his weakness and his strength. She balanced him. Catherine was beginning to hope, to believe, but still she was afraid, still she held back. 
Her father’s weakness had been the authority he wielded. 
Her grandfather’s weakness had been his pride. 
Nicolas commanded immense authority and he had a nation’s worth of pride, but if she were by chance his only weakness. Doubt, hope, sweet anticipation and black dread. The clash of emotions kept her awake at night until sheer exhaustion closed her eyes.
She was almost relieved when the day of the meeting Nicolas had insisted on came. It signalled an end she was ready to accept either way. 
The end of hope?
The end of doubt and fear, she told herself firmly as she gathered her notes and made her way to the pre-meeting session with her two senior ministers, Servuis and Changelle. They alone, in the team of six advisors to be present at the meeting, knew the full secrets of the mines and the importance of the unique energy source never being revealed. If the people of Ophella knew they lived each day on the brink of war, that they were possibly all that stood between the world and it’s inevitable energy crisis in the next couple of decades, pandemonium would reign.
Before Catherine had a chance to catch her breath, she was facing Nicolas and his three experts across the boardroom table.
“The mineral poison could mutate into an airborne contamination,” argued one, going on to back his statement up with medical fact.
“…seep into Ophella’s water supply,” concluded another after a lengthy explanation.
“We can’t rule out cross pollination with Ophella’s crops,” said yet another with a stretch of the imagination Catherine could no longer ignore.
“Ophella doesn’t produce any local crops,” she interrupted.
“No back garden vegetable patches?” she was immediately challenged. “Grass, fruit trees and flowers. You cannot prevent people from coming in contact with nature.”
“I see your point,” she conceded, then swept her gaze from one end of the table to the other, commanding the attention of each person at the table, expert and advisor. “Let’s not forget, none of this has happened yet and the mines have been operational for almost twenty years.”
As if on cue, her statement opened a heated debate that clearly indicated her advisors had been won over to the side of Nicolas and his experts. All, that is, except Servuis and Changelle.
Nicolas rose to his feet and looked Catherine directly in the eye. “The picture we’ve painted here might be pessimistically gloomy, but if even one of these possibilities become reality, you’ve got a crisis on your hands that could be avoided.”
“I understand.” Catherine paused, waiting for him to take his seat. So long as he stood, she felt as if she were fighting him and him alone. When he didn’t, she had no option but to continue. “The reality I’m trying to avoid, however, is not if but when the repercussions of shutting down the mines hit Ophella.” 
Still hoping to avoid this one-on-one clash, she deliberately disconnected from his dark gaze to look about the table. “The matter of closing down our mines will be revisited at the conclusion of the extensive investigation we intend to launch. I appreciate every concern raised and will certainly not ignore the possible consequences outlined.”
“But you are ignoring them.”
She turned a cool gaze back on Nicolas.
“As long as those mines remain operational,” Nicolas continued, “you’re ignoring warnings from people much more informed than you’ll ever be, and dismissing endangering lives as an inevitable by-product of whatever the hell you’re mining there.”
“You were right to call this meeting,” Catherine said, attempting to soothe him, but also aware of the importance of the information shared today. “We’ve learnt a great deal more on what we might be facing.”
Nicolas shook his head on a grimace. “Listen to your advisors. Admit that maybe you were wrong. Is it so—”
Catherine stopped him by pushing to her feet. “Could I have a word with you in private? Excuse us for a moment,” she added to the rest of the table.
Once in the passage, she placed a hand on Nicolas’s arm and pleaded, “Please, don’t continue to fight me.”
“I’m not fighting you,” he said roughly. “I’m fighting for the people of Ophella.”
“So am I.”
“How?” he demanded, then brushed her hand from his arm. “Never mind. Obviously I was wrong to assume a few more facts would change your mind. You gave me warning enough.”
“So, you’ll stop now?”
“Of course not.” As he looked at her, his glare softened and the deep scowl faded. His sigh was weary and irritable. “I’ll take this fight into an arena I’m more at home with.”
With that, Nicolas marched back into the meeting room, leaving Catherine to follow and thank everyone for their time, at the same time leaving no one in doubt that she stood firm by her original decision.
A little further down the passage, Jonnal stepped from the shadowed corner where she’d been dusting a marble bust. She stared at the closed door for a few moments, then hurried along, eager to reach the kitchens where some of the staff were taking their morning tea. 
I’m fighting for the people of Ophella. 
Gracious, warm shivers hit her spine at the remembered rumble in his voice.
Catherine buried herself in work for the rest of the day. Still, Nicolas’s words came back to her, again and again, regurgitating the doubts and fear that should have been left behind after the meeting. What exactly had he meant by an arena he was more at home with? 
He’s going home, she concluded. 
He’ll assemble another team of experts and fight her using his London connections, she revised in the next moment. Which meant he’d be back. 
Both possibilities churned her stomach.
She was more than a little surprised when Nicolas came into her office later that afternoon and took a seat close to her. “I’ve got Berkley and Sommerfield on board,” he stated, mentioning two of the experts at the meeting. A grin slipped past his grim mood. “They’ve agreed to join my team.”
“Your team?” she queried.
“Unless you’re going back on your word about mine 3?”
“Of course not.” She leant forward, shaking her head slowly, frowning. “I just thought— I didn’t realise you’d be staying to head the team yourself.”
He leant forward as well, his dark gaze penetrating with soft, warm rays. “You’re not getting rid of me that easily. You haven’t won yet, Catherine. If I find anything incriminating down that shaft—”
“Bring me proof,” she cut in, “and I’ll be the first to listen.”
Nicolas tipped her chin up with his knuckles. “Till then, stalemate?”
The beginnings of a smile trickled into her heart. “Truce.”
His thumb drifted along the line of her jaw, a slow caress that confused her body into believing all would be fine with them. “Have dinner with me tonight.”
She stared into his eyes, mesmerised by his husky invitation, feeling the flutter from her tummy to her toes. “We have dinner together every night.”
She sounded breathless and flirty. The smile inside her heart pushed to her lips. She felt breathless and flirty.
“My room.” His meaning was laid bare, in his voice, his gaze, his touch. “Eight pm sharp.”
He was asking her out on a date. Heat flushed to her cheeks as his caress lingered there. After all they’d been through and here she was, feeling like a giddy teenager asked out on her first date. So much so, she trampled her escalating doubts and tried on five outfits before choosing the silvery blue silk.
What am I doing? she asked herself as she stood outside his bedroom door at eight o’ clock, her curled fingers poised to knock. Nothing would ever be fine between them again. How could it be after that disastrous meeting? Now, surely, Nicolas knew what any possible relationship of theirs was up against. The relentless question had plagued her on and off the entire afternoon with two recurring answers for why she standing outside his door.
I’m giving in to the power of hope.
I’m letting him down easy.
When the door opened on her second knock, both possible answers jammed in her throat. 
He looked so deeply, darkly handsome in the navy suit that added formality to the dinner he’d planned; so charmingly roguish with his top button still undone and that matching tie hanging loose down his chest, hair swept back as if he’d just run his fingers through it in frustration.
“I’m running late,” Nicolas said, standing back with an apologetic grin.
Catherine swallowed hard. He’d stepped aside for her to enter, but her legs seemed to have other ideas. She had absolutely no idea what she was doing, other than torturing both of them one last time.
“It’s only dinner,” he said to her hesitancy.
Her gaze went past him, to the flickering light inside the room. Candles. An intimate table had been set up beside the French doors that led to a balcony. Two chairs. Two crystal glasses sparkling in the candlelight. A bottle of wine cooling on a stand beside the table. 
She brought her gaze back to Nicolas and saw the determination in his eyes.
I want you back, those eyes said.
I want you back, too.
“We need to talk.” Catherine walked past him, suddenly confident of one thing only. This time, it would be a mutual decision. The famous de’Ariggo temper had been unleashed on Nicolas and he’d dealt with her and her guards with outstanding ease without losing an inch of authority or pride. She’d asserted royal precedence at the most condemning level before his peers this morning, and yet here he was. 
Whatever happened, whatever future was decided between them, would be done together. She owed Nicolas that. And maybe she owed herself that as well.
“You take my breath away, cucciola.” 
She spun about sharply to find he hadn’t moved from the door. 
“I never told you that I fell in love with you the moment I saw you,” he said softly, a grin slashing devastating lines across the strong angles of his jaw. “When your shoulder bumped mine, it was a jolt of lightning that burnt its mark on my heart and never faded.”
“Nicolas.” Her face crinkled with emotion as he put words to everything she’d felt, still felt.
He waved a hand in dismissal with a low chuckle as he tapped the door closed and strolled slowly toward her. “I just wanted you to know that.”
Before we talk. The vulnerability in his eyes spoke for him. She’d pushed him away over and over again and each time he came back, confident and stubborn, as if he refused to accept any way other than his, as if his arrogance would not allow him to believe he couldn’t have her. The soft brown depths on his eyes, however, told another story. It was not arrogance that kept him coming back. 
When his hand moved to his throat, fingers stumbling over the top button, Catherine stopped him. “Don’t do your top button. Leave your tie.”
She wanted him just the way he was. Formidably formal and endearingly dishevelled. Arrogantly confident and touchingly vulnerable.
His fingers faltered, then his hand fell at his side. “Wine?”
“Please.”
He veered from his direct path to the table. Catherine followed, going around the opposite end of the table to gaze out the glass door. The curtains were open and the stars hung as crystal shards in the frigid winter night sky. She felt him at her back before she felt his arm come around, before he pushed the wine glass into her hand.
Catherine accepted the glass and turned into his arms, looking into his eyes, leaving the winter outside and allowing her heart to thaw. 
“What are we doing?” she whispered.
His grin grew lazy, languid with the weight of love. “I’m asking you to marry me, dolce cuore.” 
And I think I’m accepting, she thought dreamily. 
But the doubts held her tongue a moment longer. It couldn’t be this easy. Nothing had been resolved. Nicolas might have proved himself resilient in the face of her blackest fears, but they were not married. She was not his wife. In reality, nothing had been proved after all. 
He lifted her chin with his thumb and covered her struggling answer with a sensual kiss. She yielded to the touch of his firm lips slanting over hers, to the hand that caressed a trail of heat up her arm, along the curve of her shoulder and to the sensitive spot at the base of her skull. When he pulled away, his lips lingering a long moment on hers, reluctant to release, she had to steady herself against him.
“I’m leaving for London in the morning,” he said, his hand still cupping behind her head. 
“You’re leaving?” she repeated in dismay.
“Only for a few days. Give me your answer when I return.”
Catherine nodded, wanting to shout a resounding ‘Yes, Yes, Yes’ to the world, at the same time relieved at the temporary respite because she knew the wrong answer would damage Nicolas more than it would hurt her.
A discrete knock drew Nicolas from her side. As he went to the door, Catherine pulled back the closest chair and sank into it. Serge wheeled in a heated tray of silver covered platters.
“We’ll serve ourselves,” Nicolas told him.
With a small bow to Catherine, and then to Nicolas, he departed.
“I wanted to cook up something special for us, but that chef of yours is rather possessive about his kitchen,” Nicolas said, a sparkle in his eyes as he came to stand beside the tray.
Catherine laughed softly. “Claustaud answers to no one.”
He lifted the lids to reveal baked salmon and steamed greens, the first meal he’d ever made for her in his Chelsea home.
Catherine closed her eyes on the wave of memories that flooded her and spilled from her heart. We have a choice, she reminded herself. We can still choose ‘us’. She opened her eyes as she sensed his closeness and found him serving a portion of salmon onto her plate. “We need to talk about what happened in the meeting this morning, Nicolas.”
“You overruled my expertise with your authority.” A statement, with no bitterness or anger. He continued dishing food onto both their plates. “Maybe I’ll never understand it, but whatever your convictions, I hope they’re good enough to stand up to any evidence I deliver.”
“And if not?”
“Then we’ll have another fight on our hands.” He looked up, holding her gaze.
Catherine rubbed her temple. “Is this to be it, then? One continuous fight if we’re to be together?”
“That’s not fair, Catherine.” He replaced the silver spoon on the platter and took his seat. The look he gave her was direct, but not cold. “We’re not fighting now, are we?”
“We’re not married,” she countered. “This morning, you didn’t lose to your wife. You wouldn’t overlook what happened as easily if your wife had disregarded your insight, your recommendations, and especially not in front of your peers.”
He sipped on his wine, looking at her, frowning. “I didn’t overlook anything and I especially didn’t lose. I accept we have a difference of opinion and could not reach an agreement.”
“But my opinion ruled and that must have cost you a certain amount of respect before your panel of experts.”
“No more than it cost them. You disregarded all of us.”
Catherine released a sigh of pure frustration. They were doing the circle thing again, going nowhere without proof, arguing the situation as it was, not as it would be were they husband and wife. The problem was, once she was in a position to get that irrefutable proof, it would be too late. She would be his wife and the damage would be done. 
“In this morning’s meeting,” she pressed, “you were on the same platform as your experts. If we were married, you’d be elevated above them as my husband, as the man I love and respect, and rightly so. You’d expect preferential regard from me and those peers would expect it too.”
Nicolas had his own sigh, but he kept it in his chest. He knew Catherine’s fears, but they weren’t his. Nothing could come between them, least of all that which she feared most. 
“Just because you disagree with me doesn’t change what I believe to be right. Neither does it alter your convictions, Catherine. I don’t consider myself a lesser man in any way for not being able to force your hand.” 
He set his glass down and reached across the table, his palms upward, reaching for her trust. “If your answer is yes, we will soon be husband and wife. When I bring my team back, I’ll be working with the same colleagues that were in that meeting this morning. I won’t suddenly feel belittled or worthless, I won’t suddenly feel rejected and ready to fall from some elevated platform because you are now my wife, because you had the audacity to defy your husband-to-be in the face of overwhelming evidence and reasons not to. If that were the case, I wouldn’t have selected them to be on my team, to witness my so called shattered pride, now would I? At the very least, I would have assembled a brand new team that knew nothing of my so called shame.”
“No.” Catherine looked at him, lost for a moment in her thoughts, lost in the sincerity of his gaze, lost in the proof he’d just given her. She covered his palms with hers and their fingers entwined as one. “No, you wouldn’t.”
“What is it with those mines, anyway?”
As she started to shake her head, he added, “It’s not just coal, is it? America and Russia won’t exactly collapse without the limited supply that Ophella can produce.”
“It’s not just coal,” Catherine agreed. She couldn’t say more.
“Then tell me,” he insisted. “Tell me what is more important than taking the correct safety precautions.”
“I can’t, Nicolas.”
“You don’t trust me.” His jaw hardened, but even as he looked at her, a softness came into his gaze, the grip of his fingers tightened. “Of course you don’t. And after what the Talacons put you through, I won’t judge you on that.”
“This has nothing to do with trust.” Catherine took a deep breath as she thought of a way to put it to him. Even though he seemed willing to forgo her trust, surely no relationship could be healthy without it? “There are certain areas of Ophella, however, that are off limits to discussion, trust or no trust.”
“It doesn’t matter, Catherine.” 
He meant it. But he wasn’t convinced it wasn’t lack of trust that kept her silent. She saw it in his tense smile. He didn’t appreciate her attempt to spare his feelings with false explanations. Except, they weren’t false at all.
“A doctor doesn’t share his patient’s confidential files with his closest and dearest, Nicolas, and it has nothing to do with trust.” She saw some understanding breach his stubborn mind. “A priest wouldn’t discuss anything he heard in the confessional box, would he?”
Amusement fed into the dark gaze set on her. “So, it’s all part of the job description?”
Catherine breathed easier. He truly did understand. “Those mines are one of Ophella’s darker confessions.”
Nicolas finally felt the missing piece of the puzzle slot inside his head. What had worried him the most was that the Catherine he knew wouldn’t put anything above the welfare of her people. Any people. She was compassionate and sensible, dedicated and honourable. “Then I’ll discover all there is to know about those mines and trust in you to make the correct choices.”
“You make it sound so straightforward, as if we can keep our official disagreements separate from our personal life. The arguments will eventually permeate any safety barriers we attempt to erect, Nicolas. Is that honestly a life you’d be content with?”
“That last thing I expect from our life together is contentment.” Nicolas grinned. “Any relationship between us will be stormy, Catherine. But because we’re both as stubborn as two mules on a hot day, not because you’re royalty and I’m not.”
Catherine smiled at the truth in his words. Her heart had started yielding long before now, but finally she was willing to accept defeat. 
Royalty or not, their marriage was destined to be stormy and in this moment she could almost relish it. Nicolas would never lie down and permit her to trample his spirit. He would fight her to the end. Right, and not sovereign will, would win every time.
Nicolas caught her hands in his again and met her eyes with a sincere gaze that embraced her. “The only guarantee I can give you is this: I’ll never run from you and if you run, I’ll catch you. Every time.”
“I love you, Nicolas,” she whispered, bringing their bound hands to press against her lips. “I always have.”
Warmth spread through him as she squeezed his hands. “And I love you, dolce cuore. Now I’m asking you to put a little faith in that love.”
As their eyes held, he found his answer and it was the glue that would finally paste the scraps of his heart together. “Hold that thought until I return.”



10



“Have you seen this?” 
Catherine’s eyes went to the newspaper flapped at her, then back to where her mother sat by the window in the soft rays of the morning sun. “Not yet. How are you feeling?”
“Excellent!”
Catherine laughed as she walked to the window. “You look it. Now, what’s the latest crisis?”
“No crisis.” Helene folded the newspaper and held the front page up.
Nicolas’s picture took up the top half of the page. Her heart flipped on a smile. He’d left an hour ago and she missed him already. Above the picture, the bold headline captured her attention. 
I’m fighting for the people of Ophella.
“Amazing where they pull their headlines from,” her mother commented with a dry chuckle.
“In this case,” Catherine said slowly, “they got it from the source. Don’t ask me how.”
Helene’s brows shot up. “Nicolas actually said that?”
“Yes, he did.” Catherine’s gaze moved off the page to her mother. She was smiling again, her heart blossoming with pride and happiness. He’d won the hearts of a nation. How had she ever thought to resist him? “He asked me to marry him.”
The paper slid from Helene’s fingers to her lap. “Again?”
Catherine pulled a chair up and sat to meet her mother’s gaze level. “I plan to say yes. Actually, I already have, just not in as many words.”
The pause lasted as a frown worried her mother’s brow, then relaxed into a smile. “That’s wonderful, darling.”
Her mother reached for her and Catherine leant into the hug. 
“You’re not scared?” Helene asked as she withdrew from the hug.
“I’m terrified,” Catherine said with a shaky laugh. “I want this so badly.” She grimaced on a shrug as she looked into her mother’s eyes, searching for a glimpse of wisdom. “I can’t help wondering if I’m being too selfish or naive. Last night, anything and everything seemed possible and yet, this morning, I’m filled with doubts again.”
“That sounds normal, darling.”
Catherine blinked back a sudden tear. “I feel as if I’m betraying Nicolas. He has so much faith in us and, as much as I’m trying, if I truly loved him enough, should I not have that same blind faith, no matter what?”
After a long minute of watching her daughter thoughtfully, Helene said, “Yet you’re still determined to marry him?” When Catherine nodded, she added softly, “Then it would seem you have more faith than you think. Every new bride frets about the future, wonders if she’s making the right choice, Catherine, and you have more cause than most. If it helps, I don’t think you could make a better choice than Nicolas, and not just for a husband.”
“You’re right.” Catherine wiped at her eyes and set her shoulders back. She loved Nicolas so much. She’d given him up once and couldn’t go through that again. She’d make this work, put away the ghosts of her father and grandfather and great-grandfather, and ensure that she and Nicolas carved their own future. “Ophella has already embraced Nicolas and he will make a wonderful father. As stubborn as he is, Nicolas will never allow anything to come between him and his family.”
“Be that as it may,” Helene said carefully, “Nicolas might have more to offer.”
Catherine’s brow went up. But she was smiling. This talk with her mother had helped. How could she doubt Nicolas? Their marriage would be complicated, but he’d never stop loving her and he’d never leave her or their children. “More to offer?”
Helene sighed, turning her head to look out the window as she contemplated her thoughts.
“Mother.” Catherine touched her arm, drawing her attention back into the room. “What is it?”
Her mother looked at her, the smile gone, her eyes a distant blue. “Nicolas Vecca would make a fine king,” she said at last.
“No.” Catherine jumped to her feet, instantly charged with a hundred different emotions. How could her mother even suggest this? And what if it could become a reality? No, she couldn’t put her hopes on a false dream. “No, I won’t do that to him. Not after what happened with grandfather.”
“My mother should never have called for the sovereign right of vote.”
Catherine shook her head resolutely. The sovereign vote allowed the royal house to call for a change in traditional laws. More specifically in this case, elevating the queen’s husband to king. They would be equals. But her grandfather had failed to obtain the ninety-five percent majority required and his pride had never recovered from it. “What about father? You never tried to make him king.”
Helene closed her eyes for a moment.
To hide the pain, Catherine knew, and a frisson of fear cooled her veins. Faith. Trust. I have to believe Nicolas and I will survive anything with the power of our love. I do believe it. 
“Darling, your father would never have been accepted. Nicolas Vecca, however, seems to have been elected as worthy in his own right, if one can believe everything the newspapers spews.”
True. So very true. 
“I don’t know.” And why not? Her mother was right. If any man stood a chance to gain the people’s vote, it was Nicolas. 
“Maybe…” The dream of her husband ruling at her side, the dream of never having her worst fear realised one day, the dream that she’d not have the power to crush Nicolas in any way, however indestructible he’d proved to be, grew and grew. 
“Maybe,” Catherine finished her tumbled thoughts, “when the time comes.”
Helene leaned forward, reaching out to her daughter with an intense gaze filled with a mother’s pride and concern. “That may be sooner than you’d like, darling.”
Nicolas handed his coat to Serge as he stepped through the front door, his gaze scanning the landing. His breath caught at the elegant woman standing there, holding onto the barrier with both hands for a timeless moment. A strange déjà vu premonition sent a shiver down his spine and he was afraid to move his eyes from Catherine, lest the vision disappear, lest he find the last couple of months nothing more than a twisted dream about to turn into a nightmare. 
But she was moving, descending the left branch of the stair, so gracefully, reminding him of the swans on the Serpentine back in London. In the minutes it took for his vision to adjust to the indoor dimness, his heart seemed to stop beating, an eerie quietness folded around him and the air felt almost too heavy to breathe in. 
Then she was running, flying across the hallway, those sapphire blue eyes shimmering, that stubborn chin lifted high and softened with a welcome smile. 
Catherine. It was real. He’d found her and he’d never lose her again. He opened his arms as she threw herself at him, heedless of Serge’s sternly raised brow, ignoring the two maids giggling in the shadows.
“Catherine, cucciola,” he murmured into her hair, holding her tightly to his chest. “For an insane moment there, I thought…”
Catherine lifted her head to look in his eyes, pressing her hand to his chest. “Thought what?”
He shook his head, smiling. He’d been doing a lot of that lately. His London research team had been quite amused at his sunny temperament, to say the least. “Nothing, dolce cuore. I missed you.”
“Your heart is beating so fast.” Her eyes twinkled a vibrant blue on her smile. She spoke in a low voice, for his ears only. “As if you’ve just seen a ghost.”
“No.” He chuckled, setting her apart from him. “Just the woman I love.”
“Just?”
He grabbed her hand and led her across the hallway, into the Billiard room and away from prying eyes as he tapped the door closed behind them. “I would elaborate on that simple word, but apparently my heart speaks for me.” He turned his gaze on her as they walked. “It has this way of dominating the conversation whenever I’m near you.”
“Oh, Nicolas.” Her eyes met his, radiating warmth and love. “I’ve missed you so. I love you.”
He tugged her close to the fire raging in the enormous hearth and went down on one knee. He’d meant to wait until later, but he couldn’t live another minute without knowing if she’d be his forever, hearing the words from her mouth. Suddenly nervous, he fumbled in the tight front pocket of his denims, his fingers digging around the elusive ring. All the while, he looked into her eyes and saw his answer. The tension left his shoulders, the nervousness abated and his fingers closed around the ring.
“Catherine, will you marry me?” he said gruffly, lifting her hand in his.
“Yes, Nicolas.” She dropped down to her knees before him, tears brightening her eyes, love and joy spilling from her heart. “Yes, I will.”
 “I love you, Catherine. I am yours. You are mine. Nothing will part us…” This time.
Catherine swallowed with difficulty at the words he left unspoken. Everything inside her cried out to him, begging his forgiveness for breaking his trust before, vowing to spend the rest of her life making it up to him, but her throat choked up as full realisation took her by force. He was giving himself to her, putting his heart into her hands, holding back nothing, second time around after a disastrous first round with absolutely no hesitation.
“Nothing!” she swore vehemently, then noticed the ring he was slipping onto her finger. The sapphire solitaire she’d removed so painfully once before. “Where—how?”
“I couldn’t bear to part with it,” he said, pulling her into his chest as he rose, kissing her deeply, holding her close, loving her with his touch. Too soon, he released her lips to look in her eyes. “Catherine, there’s something I need to tell you.”
“That sounds ominous,” she said lightly, but his serious tone clutched at her gut. She crossed to the bar to pour drinks, whiskey for Nicolas, orange juice for herself. Her fingers trembled, but nothing, absolutely nothing would come between them. No matter what he had to say.
“I’ll start with the good news then.” Nicolas followed her to the bar. “The CIA arrested Harvey Talacon this morning.”
Catherine spun about, sloshing the juice from her glass. Eyes wide, she spurted, “Arrested him? For what?”
Gently taking the glass from her shaky hands as he guided her to the closest stool, Nicolas replied, “They’re investigating certain shady dealings he has with what we might call unfriendly countries. They’ve also connected him to three missing persons accounts over the last seven years. He was arrested for fraud, something to do with a failed takeover last year, but that’s just the bait to keep him close until they can convict him for a whole lot worse.” He paused to exchange the glass of juice for his whiskey and took a large sip. “I’ve asked them to look into the murder of your brothers, Catherine.”
“I hope they bring him down,” Catherine said tightly, then frowned. “You asked them?”
He grimaced. “That would be the bad news. I used some of my contacts at the American Research Institute to ask questions about the mines.” He threw back the rest of the whiskey before pulling a stool close to hers. His dark gaze brimmed with uncertainty and guilt as he perched on the stool and met her eyes again. “I know about the radical energy source, Catherine. I know why it’s so important.”
“Oh.” 
Such as small word. Such a significant word. Nicolas took a deep breath. “I realise you might consider it spying, going behind your back. Damn, okay, that’s exactly what I did. Maybe I should have told you this before—”
“Before you proposed?” Catherine cut in softly.
He could only look at her. He hadn’t planned the order of this evening’s events—the events had overtaken him. When he saw her mouth tilt at one side, he felt his heart tilting with it. “I won’t apologise, because I’d do it again given the choice. I had to know, Catherine, but only to help you and Ophella.”
Catherine put a finger to his lips, hushing him. “I’m not angry. You have the right to use whatever avenues are open to you. I’d rather you use that power to challenge me than give up.”
In that moment, Catherine knew something else. She’d never defeat Nicolas, never trample on his pride, because that was only possible if a person allowed it and Nicolas never would. He’d never stand down and he’d never fight her. He’d fight with her, even if it seemed as if they were on opposite sides, and he wouldn’t stop until right had won, regardless of which of them was the victor.
“Do you understand the consequences of shutting down production now?” she asked, sliding her finger from his lips to the curve of his jaw. “America would never allow it. They’d bring their army in and take control of the mines.”
“And Russia wouldn’t be far behind,” Nicolas concluded. “If we find widespread contamination, however, I’ll take on both countries.”
“If…” Catherine bit her lower lip, praying it would never come to that, knowing she’d be right behind Nicolas if it did. 
“Meanwhile,” Nicolas said, grinning easily now, “I decided we might as well put these powerful contracts to some good use. I have contacts at the Pentagon—”
“Of course you do,” Catherine said cheekily.
His grin went lopsided. “And they weren’t pleased to hear that a certain Harvey Talacon had an unseemly interest in their mines.”
“So that’s why they went after him.”
Nicolas nodded. “It’s called using all your resources to their full potential.”
Catherine chuckled at his boasting, then quietened. “I don’t know how to thank you.”
“You don’t have to, cucciola.” He covered her hand with his, pressing it to his jaw. “Your family is mine now. No one hurts my family and gets away with it.”
“I don’t know what I’ve ever done to deserve you.” A tide of emotion swelled at her breast and she had to take a moment before continuing. “Ophella already thinks you a hero and they don’t know the half of it.
“I’m no hero,” he said quickly, shaking his head, then added jokingly, “I’m merely a man in love with a princess.”
“Speaking of which…” Catherine tugged her hand free to twine her fingers in her lap. There was no better time than now to say it, but she wasn’t sure how to start. “How would you feel about being king?”
His brow shot up. “King?”
“There’s this vote, known as the sovereign vote. If I call for a national referendum and we get up of ninety-five percent of the votes in favour, we can override the traditional law that prevents you from becoming king once we’re married.”
“No.” Nicolas pushed off the chair and strode to the fireplace. Once there, he turned sharply. “I don’t want to rule Ophella. I’ve never wanted that.”
“Neither did I,” Catherine murmured. Nevertheless, her voice carried across the empty room and brought Nicolas striding back to her.
“You’ll make a wonderful queen one day. You were born to it. Raised for it. Ophella doesn’t need or want a king.”
“Ophella does.” She lifted her chin as he came to a halt before her. “As do I. The vote isn’t guaranteed, of course, but I’m asking you to take that risk. For us.”
“Risk?” He perched down on his stool again. “What risk?”
Catherine shrugged awkwardly. She knew how much she was asking. “The risk of rejection.”
A scowl blackened his face. “A negative vote is the last thing I’m worried about. I wouldn’t consider it a rejection either way. I want to be your husband, Catherine, not king to your queen.”
“You can be both.”
Nicolas scrubbed his jaw. “Why? Why is this so important?”
“I don’t want any barriers between us, Nicolas.”
“There won’t be,” he assured her. “You may be queen one day, but our love will always equalise us.”
“I know that now.” But there was more. “I don’t want to stand alone. I don’t want to be strong on my own.”
“You’ll never be on your own again. You can lean on me, trust in me, confide in me. I’ll always have ready advice for you to take or ignore.”
Catherine sighed. “The next time I call the queen’s guard on you, I’d like to know that you’ll counter it by calling the king’s guard on me. Is it so very hard to understand?”
“No, it isn’t.” Nicolas shuffled his stool closer to her and lifted her hands into his. “This isn’t what I expected, or wanted. I have my research to consider.”
Once, he’d professed he’d give up a kingdom for her. Instead, she was asking him to take one on. He didn’t want this, didn’t see the need or reason and doubted he’d make much of a king, but his mind and heart had never wavered. He’d do whatever their love demanded of him. “I needn’t stop my work. There’ll be less time, sure, but then there would be anyway with a wife and children to consider.”
“So, you’ll give Ophella a king?”
His fingers folded around hers, lightly at first, then binding urgently to match the intensity in his eyes. “I love you, Catherine. I will always give you everything that is within my power. If and when the time comes, we’ll let Ophella decide.”
“My mother wants to abdicate,” she told him.
Nicolas frowned. “Her health hasn’t deteriorated while I was away, has it?”
“She’s stronger every day,” Catherine assured him. “But her illness has left its mark and I agree with her reasons. She needs extended rest and since I’ve being performing her duties for these past months, she feels that the transition has already taken place smoothly and this is the best course for stability.”
“She will need rest,” Nicolas agreed and then realised exactly what she was saying.
His expression must have betrayed him, for Catherine gave a small laugh.
“You won’t regret it,” Catherine reassured Nicolas. “This will not interfere with your research, I promise.” 
He held up his hand. “I hope it does.” And then his frown disappeared with the return of his grin and he pulled her off her stool and onto his lap. “Now, about those children. How many did you have in mind?”



Epilogue



Over a thousand candles lit the small chapel for Ophella’s state wedding. The chapel had been part of the original castle, surviving from the fifteenth century and had witnessed all the royal marriages. Due to its size, only family and close friends shared in the solemn vows spoken within but, as Catherine and Nicolas followed the trail of long stemmed roses strewn between the aisles to the outside, the population of Ophella waited to greet them.
When they made their appearance beneath the narrow stone porte-cochere bounded by roman style columns, the unanimous cheer roared like thunder shaking the earth. Holding onto Catherine’s hand, Nicolas pulled her into his side, forcing their arms behind and out of sight of the people of Ophella. Catherine’s people. His people.
“Our people,” he said softly as they looked out at the festive crowd. When he glanced down on his wife’s profile, he was inordinately pleased that he’d insisted on a full month’s honeymoon before the queen officially abdicated. Before Catherine was crowned. Before he was crowned as king at her side. Since Ophella had voted in favour of accepting him as their king, he’d grown accustomed to the idea, grown attached to the people who would be part of his extended family. But for now, he wanted Catherine to himself. For a little while longer, he intended to be ruthlessly selfish with their time and their love. 
“I think it’s time to kiss the bride,” Nicolas said, his touch gentle as he lifted her chin to him.
“Haven’t we already done that?” But her lids were already closing, her blood warming, her lips parting slightly for her husband’s kiss that was frustratingly light, even as he lingered over it.
When he pulled back to look into her languid gaze, his grin was lopsided. “Hold that thought.”

The End
Please enjoy this excerpt of How to Love a Best Friend. The How to Love series are different stories, different lives, connected only by a common theme… sometimes it takes a special kind of loving to break down the walls we build around our hearts




Prologue


The evening traffic out of Hammersmith was still buzzing despite the late hour. Blue neon advertising trendy wine bars, cars stopping abruptly to negotiate parking spaces, pedestrians zigzagging in front of her as if they had right of way.
Her fifteen-minute journey turned into twenty, thirty, and each minute ticked inside her like a bomb. 
Everything would be fine had become her makeshift mantra.
It had to be.
But Cami couldn’t shake the feeling that every traffic light delaying her, every jaywalking obstacle in her path, was slowly eating away at her mantra, somehow nullifying it more and more by the minute.  
It was half eleven when she finally swung through the doors of Brendall, the private Chiswick hospital Julie had decided on. Her heart pumping double-time, her mind as blank as she could keep it, Cami strode to the reception desk and asked for Mark or Julie Petersham. 
The young woman’s bright smile faded and her expression closed.
“Mr. Petersham is in Lounge B, straight down the corridor, second left, first door on your right.” The woman made to stand, her voice kind, too kind, “Would you like me to take you?”
Cami was already marching, ignoring the doctor-nurse couple bearing down on her, ignoring the pounding inside her head that refused to let up. She pushed through the door to Lounge B and her frantic gaze immediately found Mark.
He sat rigidly upright in the caramel upholstered chair, hands slotted between his knees, his face drawn, ghostly grey.
As her mind clocked the details, she couldn’t suppress the tremble and nightmare visions that had been threatening to overtake her since his phone call. 
Something was wrong with one of the babies. Maybe both. She’d known it was bad from the sound of his voice.
But seeing him... a simple word like bad didn’t do justice to whatever had broken Mark.
She jabbed her fist into her mouth to stop the cry. The pain in her heart was physical, a chisel steadily chipping away and she didn’t even attempt to sedate it with her abandoned mantra. 
Julie had had an emergency caesarean four days ago, almost seven weeks early. Not wholly unusual for twins, apparently. Even though the babies had been rushed to neonatal intensive care, the specialist had been optimistic. They all had.
But now...?
She took a shaky step toward Mark, then another, and then he stirred, looking up at her with dull shock clouding his sunken eyes.
She stopped short. Of course, whatever she felt, it was quadruple, more, a hundred times more, for Mark. And Julie.
“Cami,” he croaked, then cleared his throat. He stood up and covered the distance between them. “Thanks for coming.”
He sounded stronger than he had on the phone, but the wretched sight of him more than made up the difference. 
“Oh, Mark.” What was there to say? 
Tears brimmed her eyes, reflected in his. He was standing so close she could easily pull him against her, wrap her arms around him and console without words. But she’d been denied that for so long, she wasn’t sure how to any more. 
“What happened?” she finally asked, her arms hanging limp at her side. “Are the babies all right?”
“The twins are holding their own.” 
A wave of relief rolled through Cami, dissolving the tension knotted at the base of her skull and all the way down her spine. 
“It’s Julie.” Mark spoke so quietly, she had to lean in to hear. “Julie is gone.”
Cami frowned. What had his wife done now?
Julie had promised her that affair was over, that it hadn’t meant a thing. She’d sworn it was the biggest mistake of her life, the first and last mistake, begged Cami to spare Mark the truth.
Cami hadn’t needed begging.
She’d do anything within her power to save Mark from that kind of hurt. 
Her lips thinned in anger. “Gone where?” 
Mark looked at her in silence. He seemed to have run out of words, or maybe just the energy to express them. Bone chilling weariness sucked at his jaw. Grief haunted his eyes.
The air whooshed from her lungs, leaving behind an empty chalice that nevertheless weighed a ton. 
Not even Julie would abandon her babies to run off with a lover.
“Gone?” Cami whispered hoarsely.
His hands fisted at his sides. He took a deep breath. Released it.
“A cerebral aneurysm. The doctors haven’t—” He cleared his throat. Took another breath. “The doctors suspect delayed trauma from the general anaesthesia. An autopsy will be performed.”
Then, as if the only thing holding him together was the task of delivering those official details, tears spilled from his eyes.
Without thinking, Cami held open her arms and gathered him close. His daughters were fighting for their lives in neonatal and the woman he loved, his wife, their mother, was gone. The combination was enough to test the devil. 
They stood there, clinging to each other. His chin rested on her shoulder, his chest hiccupping against hers as he allowed himself to break down. Cami gave him as long as he needed. She would have stood there all night. 
When he finally pulled back, though, and asked in a scratchy voice, “What am I going to do?” Cami knew she had to do more than comfort him. She had to be strong.
“You’re going to survive, Mark.” She gripped his upper arms firmly, forcing him to maintain eye contact.
“You’re going to survive for the sake of your children.” Her gaze softened. “You know I’ll be there for you and the twins. Every step of the way.”


Strength flowed into Mark. 
Cami was his rock. 
Always had been. 
Tomorrow he’d fight the shock of losing his wife and find the courage to raise the girls on his own. 
But for tonight, he couldn’t believe Jasmine and Carmen would be fine without their mother, that he’d find a semblance of peace within himself, that his family would survive.
He wrapped his arms about Cami, pulling her close again, holding on tightly. 
Just holding. 
Tonight, he needed Cami to help him believe.

 
Chapter 1


May 20th
Mark kissed me today!!
On the cheek.
Oh, it felt as if my heart grew instant wings and I don’t think it will ever come down to earth again. He told me to take care and says he will write. Will he have time to? He will be very busy at Oxford, doing very important things. He looked deep into my eyes for the longest time when he said goodbye and I just know a part of him will miss me almost as much as I’ll miss him. It’s only been a few hours, and already I’m counting down the minutes until his first half term.

Cami smiled to herself, rolling her eyes at the childish enthusiasm that had carried her away. She didn’t need to check the date in her diary or perform any quick calculations to place her age. 
She remembered that day very well.
She’d felt as if she were dancing on the clouds. Teenage hormones did that to a person. You were either shooting for the stratosphere or drilling toward the earth’s core, never simply walking on the ground alongside everyone else. 
That diary entry had been two days after her thirteenth birthday. She still kept the silver charm bracelet Mark had given her in the Mandarin jewellery box on her vanity. 
He had written.
His monthly letter had arrived religiously, throughout the first two years anyway.
Cami tossed the glossy pink book onto the growing heap at her feet, then reached for her wine glass on the pedestal table beside her.
She took a healthy sip before delving into the chest again, checking the dates on the spines until she found the year she was looking for.
When she pulled the diary out and started flipping through it, a page doodled with red hearts and arrows stopped her.

June 2nd
Mark just called to find out how my tests are going and to make sure I’m studying hard. I told him I’m quite aware of how important A Levels are and I have every intention of acing them. He’s coming up from London next week. I can’t wait! Oh, how on earth am I going to concentrate on my studies now? There’s so much to plan and rehearse.
I’m going to tell him. Sarah thinks I should. She says he likes me. Really, really likes me. She says everyone can tell from the way he smiles at me. She says I’ll regret it for the rest of my life if I never let him know how I feel. 

The spiky handwriting reflected her wired-up nerves from that time of the school year, the secret love she was about to unlock from her swollen heart, the fear she needed to overcome in order to do just that.
Cami reached for her wine again and took a large sip without taking her eyes off the page.

June 3rd
I broke it off with Harry today. He wanted to know why, but I couldn’t tell him the truth. I’ll feel enough of a dolt if Mark laughs me off without the rest of the world knowing why I have to be free and single next week.

Cami turned the page, sucking in a deep breath. She knew what was coming and still it had the power to rock her heart off-centre. But she needed to read the last entry in the last diary she’d ever kept. 
She needed to know. 
The last time she’d spent this much time with Mark was when she’d been at school and he’d lived next door.
She needed to crosscheck and cross reference, then and now, and calibrate the risk. 

June 11th
Mark came home today. His taxi pulled up next-door and I leaned out of my bedroom window to shout hello. My knees were trembling and my pulse raced so fast I thought it might take off and fly away. He climbed out of the taxi, looking so very smart in the dark suit he has to wear at Link & Crowle. He’s a lawyer now! It’s crazy. My heart kept missing beats and I could barely breathe and I thought I was going to die of absolute adoration. But then he dipped back in, to help her out. 
Her name is Julie and apparently they’re in love. I suppose they must be. They’re engaged.

She’d sulked, plotted, fumed, researched and rallied for eight months. After all, the stats on broken engagements left divorces in the shade, and that was saying something. 
And then everything had changed. 
She could even say she was happy for the newly married couple when she’d run into them in Long Fenwick two Christmases later. Mark and Julie were spending the weekend at his mum’s and Cami was down for the Christmas break. 
Julie was vivacious and dynamic, beautiful and graceful.
If Mark had to be with anyone else, Cami couldn’t have chosen better for him herself.
Or so she’d nobly thought, until she’d moved to London and started spending time with Mark again. Mark and Julie. 
Cami closed the diary, her fingers drumming mindlessly on the hard cover. A surge of guilt hit her, then sank to the bottom of her tummy and anchored. 
She hadn’t been fond of Julie, had quickly discovered a hard layer of selfishness beneath all that grace and beauty. And the dislike had definitely been mutual. 
Mark had never had a clue.
She’d never do that to him.
And anyway, it wasn’t as if she’d hated the woman. She’d supported Mark’s marriage. How could she not? He loved Julie. Getting on with your best friend’s wife was not a preordained fact of life.
So long as they made each other happy... and by then, Cami had known she could never make Mark happy, even were he free.
She could never give him the one thing he desired above all else.
Julie had given it to him, though, had given him the twins, a proper family, and in Cami’s eyes that was the woman’s one redeeming quality.
Cami stopped the drumming to strum her thumb through the diary pages, suddenly overwhelmed by the youthful memories they contained. How much simpler life had been back then, no matter that it hadn’t felt like it at the time.
She did mourn Julie’s death. No husband deserved to lose a wife, no child deserved to lose a mother, no woman deserved to die so young.
But the wave of guilt kept returning.
Maybe it wasn’t really guilt, but whatever it was, the remnant feeling that always remained in its wake was unease. Maybe it was natural to feel guilty when something terrible happened to someone you didn’t particularly like. As if you’d jinxed that person with bad karma.
“Which is simply ridiculous,” she muttered crossly, tossing the diary onto the stack as she stood and stretched her cramped legs. 
She’d learnt all she needed to know.
She could honestly say there’d been no heart soaring and/or skipping and definitely no death by adoration this time round. 
She loved Mark.
As a friend.
That silly childhood crush had not returned.
Seeing Mark and the twins almost every day these last four months hadn’t changed a thing. 
The relief was enough to make her dizzy. 
The twins were finally being discharged and she was perfectly capable of helping Mark adjust to his new family in an Aunt May kind of way.


Chapter 2


Mark was at the reception desk, signing the discharge papers, when Cami arrived. His jeans and ribbed sweater hung loose on his lanky frame. He’d lost too much weight, stopped working out in favour of spending every free moment at the hospital, but his slightly gaunt form was somehow more endearing to Cami than the lean, muscular triangle of broad shoulders, narrow hips and just-so solid thighs. 
He turned, caught her eye, and beckoned her closer with a smile. “We’re almost ready.”
He wore his chestnut hair longer now, just touching the neckline of his sweater and falling across his high cheekbones in thick waves. The look suited him, softened the newly sharpened angles of his face. 
“Excited?” she asked, mainly to distract her thoughts from just how well that look did indeed suit him.
Great time to notice how divine Mark Petersham was.
Second time around.
“Nervous.” He winked, then chuckled. “And excited.”
“Same here,” Cami said, thinking how good it was to hear his laugh again.
Today they were closing at least one half of a hard read chapter. The cloud that dulled their world was lifting and she sensed that they both knew it would be gone by the time they walked the twins out of Brendall. 
It was time to look to the future, to Jasmine and Carmen.
She touched Mark’s arm lightly and gazed into his eyes, her smile filled with hope. Now that his face was thinner, Cami noted, the dimple on his left cheek was more pronounced when he grinned like that. 
And since when do you notice tiny details like that?
She gave herself a mental shaking and stepped back, leaving her hand to slide from his arm. “Where are the twins?”
“Greta and Carol took them to the nursing station for a final goodbye. We’re to join them there in a minute.” His gaze travelled down the outsized cotton shirt she’d buttoned over a strappy T-Shirt, down the black stretch pants she usually jogged in, and to her trainers.
He flicked amused eyes up, his lips curling around suppressed laughter. “Super mom outfit?”
Cami shrugged. “I wasn’t sure—”
“They can’t sit up yet,” he teased unmercifully. “And crawling is a good three to four months away.”
“I know, you dolt. We read the same books.” Cami glanced down at her ready-steady-go outfit and laughed. “You know my motto.”
“Always be prepared?”
“It doesn’t hurt.”
Brown eyes lit up with long forgotten humour. “Oh God, you’ve drawn up a business plan, haven’t you?”
She ignored him and took to studying the pale cream walls of the reception area, admiring the oil landscapes that broke the monotony and which, she decided, had an amazingly calming effect.
“You’re going to insist Betty takes minutes at the end of each day and prepares a bi-monthly presentation on their actual-over-target development.”
So much for calm.
Her chin jutted up as she shot him a dark look. But couldn’t hold it.
She had, in fact, drawn up a pretty comprehensive schedule for Betty, the registered nurse turned nanny who would be living with Mark and providing around the clock childcare.
Cami had interviewed her, done the reference checks, but even so, one could never be too careful. Caring For Baby had emphasised the importance of a strict routine and Cami had to admit it made good business sense.
Life just worked better with structure.  
Mark was grinning like an idiot now. “There’s going to be pie charts. Broken down into physical, mental and social. Are you going to suggest cutbacks if they under-perform? Because I’m telling you, I’ve grown rather fond of both Jazzie and Carmen and wouldn’t like to see either one getting laid off.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Cami slapped his arm, but a bubble of laughter escaped to betray her crossed brows.
Mark continued with his ludicrous predictions as they walked down the stark corridor, until a vaguely familiar, slightly tinny melody drifted from the nursing station. “Dare I ask?”
Cami smiled. “It sounds like Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star unplugged.”
It was, in fact, a five-foot singing Teddy Bear being presented to Jasmine and Carmen as a farewell gift by what appeared to be Brendall’s entire maternity staff compliment. Mark and Cami waited at the long counter just inside the doorway until the tune came to an end.
“Morning,” Marsha, the senior ward matron, whispered, signalling them to come closer. “Bruno seems to have put the babes to sleep.”
Cami’s gaze went to the twins, already strapped into their infant car seats and tucked in with pink receiving blankets. Their wrinkled eyes, button noses and sweetly puckered lips were enough to spin her heart afresh each time.
“Bruno?” Mark mouthed, one eyebrow shooting high the way it did when amusement battled with his belief system.
Marsha pointed to the giant woolly Teddy Bear dressed to the nines (in the Teddy Bear catalogue of style) with candy-striped shorts held up by red suspenders.
“Bruno’s travelling with you,” Mark firmly told Cami.
It was her turn to grin stupidly. “I came by tube. I thought it might be better to catch a ride with you. Just in case things got out of control on the road, you know.”
“Out of control?” Mark bent over the twins, adjusting blankets that were already perfectly snug. “As in two gurgles instead of the regulatory one.”
She punched his arm. “A simple thank you will suffice.”
He slanted a look her way. She could see the barbed retort collecting on his lips, and was a little surprised when he offered her a genuine smile instead. 
A flurry of activity followed as goodbyes were said and promises to visit were made. All too soon they were on their own in the car park, the support structure they’d relied on since the twins were born instantly cut off.
Mark clicked the remote to open his car and gave her a typically male “what now?” look. 
A quick glance up at the darkening clouds and Cami took charge. “Let’s get the girls belted in.”
They each took a baby and went to opposite sides of the car. Cami lifted Jasmine’s carrier onto the back seat and pulled out from the car again to rummage through her bag.
“You made notes?” Mark quipped, watching her unfold the paper she’d retrieved.
“The manufacturer’s installation instructions,” she told him smartly, propping it up on the seat. “Petra warned me these things could be tricky.”
Her eyes came up, met his, and hooked onto the warmth she saw there. The moment stretched, then broke as Mark murmured, “Thanks.”
“There’s nothing to thank me for. The instructions came with the packaging.” She leant over Jasmine, dropping her gaze to the diagram as she pulled the rear seat belt completely slack and rested one hand between the two infant seats to support herself. 
Mark’s hand came over hers. The merest flutter of awareness took her by surprise.
She peered up and found him looking deep into her eyes again. But differently. It was the same look he’d had that day so very long ago, the day he’d left for Oxford. Kind, concerned, nostalgic, sad. For a split second her pulse paused, time stopped, and an illogical message flitted through her brain. Was this another goodbye?
“I mean for everything,” he said softly. “Thank you for the last four months. For today. I—we couldn’t have done it without you.”
“You needn’t thank me,” she returned, more abruptly than she’d intended.
She couldn’t help it. Her memory was playing tricks with her head and raising alarms where none should be.
None of this, however, was Mark’s fault, and when she saw the question forming on his brow she added in a soothing tone, “It’s what friends do for each other.”
His frown cleared. Keeping her locked down with those emotion rich eyes, he moved his hand to briefly trail a thumb down her cheek.
That flutter didn’t seem so mere anymore, building in intensity as it wobbled through her. His eyes were so dark, the colour of melted chocolate. His pure male scent invaded the confined space and infiltrated all her senses for the longest uninterrupted moment. If only... 
Cami forced her eyes from his and bit down hard on her lower lip. What was happening to her? For goodness sake, she was acting as if a passing fairy had suddenly decided to shower her with potent pheromones bagged from the past.
She felt his eyes still on her, and knew she had to look up again and pretend everything was normal. No, not pretend. Everything was normal. 
Mark was smiling. A broad flash of white across his angular jaw, still smooth from his morning shave. She knew that in a couple of hours a shadow would fall in the valley of his cheeks and edge further definition to the granite curves of his jaw; she knew he’d shave again later in the day if he had a formal evening affair. Sometimes it felt as if she knew too much, and not nearly enough. 
She’d released him from her heart, hadn’t she?
Then why did it feel as if parts of him were still inside right now, chipping and chopping and demanding attention?
“You’ve always been there for me,” Mark continued, “and I might take that for granted most times, but I do appreciate it. Appreciate you.” His expression remained serious. He looked older than his twenty-nine years; the last three months had staked worry lines above his brow, cut crowfeet into his temples, added a lifetime of knowledge to his eyes. “For being there.”
“I’ll always be there for you,” she assured him.
“And I for you.” Their eyes held for a few seconds longer, then the moment passed and Mark ruffled his hand over the top of her hair with a low chuckle before turning to strap Carmen in.
Cami felt as if she needed a break, a cup of tea and a good few hours to analyse the tremor that had passed through her at his touch, the fuzzy awareness still warming her, but obviously now was not the time or the place. Instead, she concentrated on fitting the seatbelt into the infant seat and reached a quick conclusion: this was all one big misunderstanding. 
She should never had read those diaries last night, should never have churned up emotions dead and buried. She should never have been so smug. 
Too much had changed. 
Mark had his own children now. 
He was free. 
For the first time since Julie had passed away, they were both relaxed, happy and even eagerly looking toward tomorrow. 
Cami pulled and plucked at the seat belt, and finally achieved something that looked close enough to the diagram. Leaving Mark to fight his own battle, she slid from the car and rested her elbows on the roof. 
She wouldn’t allow her past to sneak up on her and hijack her future. Because if her past thought itself so clever at having resolved all those little problems, Cami knew better. Mark had never been more out of bounds. Julie had made sure of that when she’d persistently and maliciously sown those seeds of doubt. 
“Oxford should offer degrees on ‘The Hidden Tortures of Parenting’,” Mark muttered irritably as he shut the back door softly, adding when he caught sight of her face, “Why so glum?”
“Speak for yourself,” she said. “Grab Bruno and let’s go.”
Mark’s head dipped from sight. He came back up. “I don’t think he’ll fit in the back.”
Cami dipped down. She could just about squeeze between the infant seats, but Bruno was, even for a bear, on the pudgy side. A smile lit her mood. “He’ll have to sit up front with you.”
“You are kidding.” Mark lugged the bear to the back of the car and flipped open the boot.
Cami followed, her humour improving rapidly when she saw the packets of disposable nappies stacked from one side to the other. Men! “A bit last moment, wouldn’t you say?”
He grimaced. “Betty thought it might be wise to pick up a little extra on my way over this morning.”
“A little?”
Mark shrugged, and continued staring at the nappies as if he could mentally teleport them to Long Fenwick and get his boot space back.
“Well, the way I see it, you get Bruno or Bruno. Take your pick.” She gave him her best sad face, just in case he had any doubts as to how much she was enjoying herself.
A few minutes later they were on their way, Cami wedged in between the twins and Bruno strapped into the passenger seat.
Mark’s gaze met hers in the rear view mirror. “No need to look so cheery. Your turn will come.”
And it did.
Theoretically, Long Fenwick was less than half an hour from Chiswick, up the M25 to exit 16 and then onto the M40 for just a couple of miles. At nine thirty on a Monday morning, however, they were still stuck on the M25 an hour later and not going anywhere fast. 
Carmen stirred first. She opened her eyes, pale blue and watery, and Cami was just about to stroke her plump cheek when the little cherub let out a piercing scream.
“Lift her out,” Mark barked after fifteen minutes of non-stop wailing.
Cami glared at his image in the rear view mirror, but Mark’s eyes were back on the road as the traffic stop-started once again. She unzipped the bag at her feet and pulled out the emergency supplies, then reached forward between the front seats to plug the bottle warmer into the car lighter. 
Mark frowned down at her as she looked up from her awkward angle.
“Hi,” she said, smiling comically, hoping to ease some of the building stress. Babies picked up on these things, apparently.
His warm breath, however, fanned her cheeks, and a different kind of stress began to mount the walls of her chest, making it almost impossible to breathe. Long black lashes dipped across sensually brown eyes. Healthy, golden skin mapped valleys and ridges in all the right places, and if there were a few extra roads, it somehow worked for rather than against.
When had he become so totally, impossibly, male? Good looking was one thing. He’d always had that. Charm another. That had been her downfall all those years ago. But this...? 
Cami gritted her teeth.
“Is this legal?”
He was referring to the fact that she’d unbelted herself in order to push forward, but her mind took it one step further and the answer was a resounding ‘No!’ It would take a jury less than a minute to condemn her. With a desperate, silent groan, she jiggled her brows and put on a brave grin. “I dare the cop that stops us.”
His scowling expression melted as his lips picked up a slow quiver that fed fresh tingles through her. She couldn’t help it. She very nearly groaned aloud from pure frustration. 
What could she do? His lips were just there... hers were just there... heat coiled in the depths of her tummy... she’d always wondered... the slightest movement on either side...
Yeah, right. Like that’s gonna happen. She turned her head and fixed her eyes on the dashboard, promptly removing her lips from all that temptation. She’d be fine. She just needed to grab a couple of hours alone and figure out what was happening. Then she could work on a plan to put a stop to it. 
She plugged the warmer in, balanced it between Bruno’s legs, and shot back determinedly into her seat. 
Had Julie been right?
Was I the thorn in their otherwise perfect marriage?
A rock of panic lodged in her throat. Cami sucked in a deep breath, struggling for balance. She hadn’t wanted Mark for herself. She’d already dealt with all the issues. Had even prayed thanks to God that nothing had ever happened between Mark and herself. That she’d never know the pain of having to leave him. 
Cami exhaled slowly. The panic receded. There wasn’t a bone in her body that had resented that marriage. 
When Julie had hinted at their friendship being inappropriate, she’d made an effort to never see Mark alone. He’d still phoned every couple of days, but she’d drawn the line at asking him not to.
Then Julie had started on the wishy-washy barbs that nevertheless held clear warnings: 
You’ll never take Mark from me. Unfair and unwarranted. 
He made his choice years ago and it wasn’t you. True, but irrelevant.
That Julie had even felt the threat necessary, however, had caused Cami to withdraw from the friendship even more. But how could she give him up completely? She’d known Mark most of her life.
Feeling the pain shooting up her wrists, Cami unfurled her hands, which had fisted tight enough to crush bone. She’d done her best to address Julie’s concerns. She knew she was innocent of trying to steal Julie’s husband, of even wanting Mark in that way, married or single.
And she sure as hell had no intention of proving Julie right from the grave.
Thankfully, if that’s what one could call it, Jasmine decided to join the fun. Two screaming babies were the perfect antidote to manic self-analysis. Cami adjusted blankets to aid the feeding position, then grabbed a bottle in each hand. 
The poor mites latched on. They must have been starving. She exhaled long and slow into the heavenly silence and rested her head on the back of the seat.
“Go ahead,” Mark said, meeting her eyes fleetingly in the rear-view mirror. “Say it.”
“Say what?”
He laughed. “There must be at least one “I told you so” on the horizon.”
Cami sighed for effect. “Gimme a minute to catch my breath and then I might even do the dance.”
The clouds had finally stopped threatening and what had begun as a drizzle was rapidly working its way up into a slashing downpour. Sated, the twins nodded off again and the journey progressed smoothly until Mark was stopped by Long Fenwick’s only set of traffic lights. 
“Isn’t that Mrs Brampton?” The elderly postmistress, and local gossipmonger, was crossing the street, staring unashamedly from Mark to Bruno and back again from beneath her umbrella.
Make swore under his breath. “The entire village will think I’m an unstable half-wit by nightfall.”
“Nonsense.” Cami waved at Mrs Brampton, who was now standing on the opposite side of the street, still gawking, braving the rain to make her disapproval clear with a far-reaching scowl. “Hmm... Maybe.”
Mark turned into Vicarage Street, taking them past the once-familiar houses. Cami stared out the window, mesmerised by the giant elms lining the street, by the neat two-storeys with their pruned hedges and three-foot wrought iron fences, by the sense of déjà vu building a forbidden image in the recesses of her mind. 
Her parents had moved down to Cornwall shortly after she’d graduated from Cambridge and she hadn’t been back to the village since. Now, here she was, with Mark, turning into his driveway with a pair of babies in the backseat. 
Time had certainly not prepared her for this. 
As Mark cut the engine, she looked across the front garden to the house next door, corner window on the top floor, and shivered as a blast of emotion, so strong she felt it might sweep her away, took temporary control. 
She was seventeen again, her upper body hanging out the window, bursting from excitement as she watched Mark’s taxi pulling up. 
She was seventeen again, slumping down against the wall onto her butt, too numb to move until well into the night.
“We’re home,” Mark called out from the front.
Cami turned her attention from the window and gazed first at Carmen, then at Jasmine. “Yes,” she murmured, “you’re home.”


About the Author

Claire Robyns lives in Berkshire, England, with her husband and twin boys. 
When not thigh-deep in laundry, shopping, cooking and general crowd control, you'll find her head-and-heart-deep in the tangled lives of her characters.


I love to interact with readers and if you’d like to connect with me, you can do so on:
Twitter: @ClaireRobyns
Website: www.clairerobyns.com
Newsletter: Claire Robyns Coming Soon / Newsletter
FaceBook: Claire Robyns

Thank you so much for taking the time to read this book and to hang out a little back here with me. If you’ve read and enjoyed How to Love a Princess or any other of my books, please do consider leaving a review.
And if you’d like to be alerted to new releases in the future, please sign up for my newsletter on my website.
More books by Claire Robyns

Corkscrew Bay (Falling…)
Falling for the Guy Next Door

Dark Matters Series (Steampunk)
A Matter of Circumstance and Celludrones
A Matter of Propriety and Parasites

Contemporary Romance (Stand-Alone)
Second-Guessing Fate

Historical Romance
Betrayed
The Devil of Jedburgh


