Smashwords Edition
* * * * *
Published by Kam Carr at Smashwords
EPub ISBN 9781301253432
Wide Awake
Copyright 2013 by Kam Carr

Chapter One
Seeing the bright side
“Fuck!” I yelled, looking down at the coffee stain on my white shirt. It was my first day and this was the only white shirt I owned. “What am I going to do now?” I slammed my coffee cup down on the side and more spilled out. This could only happen to me... For a bulked up man I was accidentally challenged. How was I going to full fill the role as bodyguard? I knew I had only been hired for my height and build, but I didn't have a tough bone in my body. I normally avoided fights or any conflict. Why did my dad get me this job?
“What have you done?” Jo-- my roommate asked strolling into the kitchen. She looked at the stain on my shirt. “Oh Ryder, what are we going to do with you?” She disappeared out of the room and then quickly returned clutching another white shirt. “Here... Wear this,” she held it out for me.
“JO! I can't wear something of yours!”
“It's not mine,” she threw the shirt at me. “Ryan left it along with all the other crap I have stored in my bedroom.” She sat down at the table and poured herself some juice.  “I might eBay it all!”
“Oh!” I picked the shirt up. “Thank you,” I walked over and sat down at the table. “I really do not want to do this” I sighed, running a hand through my blonde hair. 
A slight smile came to Jo's lips, she was very beautiful; curvy body, little round face, big brown eyes and a mane of long chestnut brown hair.  She had been my best friend since we were five and at the moment she was dealing with a big break up-- I felt a little sorry for her.
“I don't think you had a choice,” she said. “Unless you want us to be homeless.”
I let out a breath and sat back in the chair. She was right, I didn't have a choice. My father had stopped all my allowances. Apparently once you reach 27 you need to stand on your own feet. Jo couldn't manage the rent on her tiny wages; she worked in a bar not far from us.
The buzzer rang and both I and Jo looked at one another. I remained firmly in my seat while she went to answer the door. The job couldn't be that hard. The nerves were taking over my body. All I had to do was stand there and protect some multi-million selling pop star. I guess it was just some fancy baby sitting job. Grr... Why couldn't my father get me a job in his office, but no, he makes me do this. 
“Ryder!” Bellowed an authorizing voice, which made me sit up in my seat. “I told you be ready dead at eight!” I rolled my eyes, I was not a child and when was this control freak going to realize that?
“Dad,” I smiled, slowly turning in my seat to face him. “What are you doing here?”
His dark eyes glared at me. “Work. Now! Come!”
I stood up and saw Jo giggling behind my dad's back. “I have my own car and I am 27, I think I can get myself to work.”
“Stop sounding like a girl,” he snapped. “You can't even manage drinking coffee without missing your mouth.” He pointed to the coffee stain. “Come, you can change in the car.” He stormed off heading for the front door.
 “Good luck” Jo beamed.
I kissed her on the cheek. “Don't dwell on Ryan too much today. He isn't worth it.” Reluctantly I followed my father out the door. 
I watched as he took full control of his car and wondered why I wasn't like him. Every inch of him was authorizing, in control and maintained. For a 50 year old man he didn't actually look that old. He owned many companies and was dating some model-- the same age as me. 
What was wrong with me? I hadn't had a serious relationship ever in my life! I couldn't even control the TV half the time. I spent most of my life hanging out at the gym, which was packed with women. I had a few admirers but none of them seemed my type. Maybe I didn't have a type? I just enjoyed Jo's company.
“Now,” dad coughed. “Do not embarrass me!”
“How?” I laughed.
“This is a very important client,” he looked quickly at me and then back to the road. “Tess Oliver is famous... So, please, do not let that get in the way of your job.” I burst out in laughter. “What?” he yelled.
“You! Thinking fame is something important. I am only doing this because I need to pay my rent. As soon as something else comes up I will be gone.”
“Why are you ungrateful?” His fist hit the steering wheel.
“I am not.” I protested.
“I am giving you the chance of a lifetime. If I allowed you to have your own way you would spend all my money at the gym. You need a life, Ryder.” He pulled the car up outside some building and cut the engine.  “Well... Actually, you need a woman.”
“Don't start!” I warned, opening the door.
“It's not normal... You're not normal. A hot blooded male like you needs sex.”
My eyes widened. “Will you just stop? Please.” I got out of the car and slammed the door behind me. God, he thought he was now an expert in my life? He was right though, damn it! Maybe after work me and Jo could hit a club and let loose. Yeah, like I would even have the courage to do that. My father was right, I wasn't normal.

I stepped inside the building; it was some warehouse in LA. I could hear people talking over music and followed the sound. 
“I said water!” Screamed a voice, my eyes turned and looked over at the blonde woman. She was in a dressing gown, sat in a chair that in some ways seemed to represent a throne. “And not fizzy!” She screamed at the other woman walking in my direction.
“Hi...” She smiled while stopping in front of me. “Can I help you?”
“Umm... Yeah, I'm from Hilton's security” my voice was weak and nervous.
“Tess is over there,” she pointed to the blonde woman, who was now screaming at someone else with her arms flying through the air. “Good luck!” And quickly ran off.
I sucked in a deep breath and walked over to her majesty. “Hello,” I coughed. “Miss Oliver?”
“Yes” darting her eyes at me. “Who are you? What do you want?”
“I'm Ryder Hilton,” I held out my hand, but she gave me a look of disgust and I immediately placed it back down to my side. “I'm working for Hilton Security.”
“Oh,” she turned her nose up. “You should go and speak to him,” she pointed to a large man in the corner of the large space talking to a group of people. “That's Peter, my manager, he will deal with you.” She quickly went back to giving out orders. I began to make my way over.
“Ryder!” Tess screamed and I turned to look at her. “As my personal bodyguard” a slight smile appeared on her face. “You're in charge of Princess.”
“Who’s Princess?”
“My dog, she will need walking.”
I scowled and turned my back on her. Dog walking? She should be so lucky. I hated dogs and never remembered my father mentioning that in my job description. I made my way over to this Peter guy. Why was I doing this? I could easily become a personal trainer. But no, as dumb I was, I had ended up here. 
***
I finally got in and threw myself on the sofa. I was drained. I thought this job was going to be easy, but that WOMAN had me running around after her. Thank god someone was taking over the night shift.
“How did it go?” Jo asked, coming in a few minutes after me. She had been to the gym and I was very jealous. I just groaned and closed my eyes. “Not good huh?” I felt her sit on the arm of the sofa.
“You have no idea what a monster I have to work for” I yawned. 
“We did this photo shot and that was easy, I just had to stand there. Then, she wanted to go shopping. She had me fetching and carrying around for her.”
“Wow! Sounds like my sort of job.”
“Then there's princess!” My mind went back to the horrid little dog that did nothing but yap and try to bite me. “I don't think I can do this all again tomorrow.” Suddenly the phone started to ring. “Will you get that? I don't think my legs will carry me.”
I heard Jo pick up the phone. “Hello, Ryder and Jo's place... Oh, hang on.” She held the phone in my direction. “Phone for you.”
I snatched it off her and placed it to my ear. “Hello, Ryder speaking.”
“RYDER!” Screamed a voice. God, no! How had she got my home telephone number? “You need to get to my hotel suite FAST!! I have a party tonight and this man you left me with is....” Her voice lowered a little. “Is not exactly red carpet material...? Get here!” With that she put the phone down.
I actually wanted to cry. I sat up and ran my hands through my hair. “I have to go back to work” I sobbed. “Tess is having another bitch fit!”
“Tess?” Jo looked puzzled.
“Tess Oliver. She has some party or red carpet thing.” I stood up and shrugged my shoulders. “I don't know, but looks like I have to go.”
Jo placed her hands on my forearms. “You're working for Tess Oliver?” She looked like she was about to explode. “Oh my god, Ryder... She is like FAMOUS!!! Not to mention attractive.”
“And she is a complete bitch!” I quickly added.
Her eyes looked at the phone. “Oh my god, Tess Oliver called my apartment!” Her eye turned back on to me and she was jumping around, with her hands in a prayer position. “Please.... You have to introduce me to her. I have all her albums.”
“Jo,” I started to shake her, just so she stopped with this stupid teen fan stuff.  “Snap out of it!” She stopped, tilting her head to the side and giving the sad puppy eyed look.  “Seriously,” my voice full of humour. “You would hate her. I know, because I do.”
***
The drive to the hotel seemed to take less time than I actually wanted it to. I was starving, tired and the thought of enduring a whole evening with Tess was my idea of hell.
I pulled up, got out and threw my keys at the valet. I stepped inside the Four Seasons and over to the elevator. Every now and then a member of staff would give me a weird look, but I just held my Hilton Security badge up and they disappeared. I wondered what other magical powers this badge had.
I finally reached her hotel room and took in a deep breath. With my fist I banged on the door and it opened within seconds. Surprisingly enough, it was Tess, who opened the door herself, she was in a red ball gown, it clung to her perfect figure and her boobs looked like they were going to pop out. Her blonde hair cascaded in loose curls, sitting gently on her cleavage. I had to admit, I didn't like the woman but she was breathtaking. 
“Ryder,” she smiled, her tone was different-- soft and relaxed. “Come in please”. I stepped into the hotel suite and looked around. It was just your basic hotel suite, no fancy décor or nothing that screamed wealth at you. “I hope you don't mind,” she walked over towards something hanging up. It looked like a suit bag. “I brought you this,” she pointed to the bag. “I had actually assumed it would be you taking me tonight.” She undid the bag and showed me a crisp black suit; it looked exactly like the one I was wearing only that one was designer.
“You didn't have too, Miss Oliver”.
“Maybe you should freshen up and get ready.” She handed the bag over and pointed to the bathroom. “I just wanted to say sorry for the way I behaved today.” As she handed the bag over our eyes locked. She had the brightest, clearest blue eyes I had ever seen. She gave a little smile. “Bathroom, Ryder”.
“Umm... Yes of course” I could feel my cheeks blush a little and I marched into the bathroom, locking the door behind me. I glared at my reflection in the long wall mirror. What was going on? 
I shook my head, I was just having one of those moments and I had to snap out of it.  It didn't take me long to get ready, I kept the shirt on that Jo had kindly given me this morning and whipped on the new suit. It fitted perfectly and felt a lot better than the cheap uniform I had just discarded. I left the bathroom and Tess was waiting for me. She was now dripping in diamonds and looked every inch the famous pop star.
“Ready?” I nodded. “Good,” she linked her arms with mine and escorted me out of the hotel suite. She smelt amazing, the scent of her perfume was beginning to make my mind race with thoughts I hadn't had for a while. I swallowed, this wasn't good! 
We stopped at the lift and she pressed the button. “You must have thought I was a monster,” she laughed and a little smile came to my lips. “You did, didn't you?”
“Yes, I thought you were awful and I was dreading coming here tonight” I admitted, the lift pinged and we stepped in; her on one side, me on the other, she gracefully hit the ground button and the doors closed. Suddenly, I felt very comfortable and made sure my eyes didn't look in her direction.
“I guess your girlfriend is pissed at me?” She broke the uneasy silence.
“Girlfriend?”  Oh, she must be referring to Jo. I gave a little laugh, how come everyone assumed we were together? I thought it was normal to share a place with a woman, my father thought I was mad not getting together with Jo.  “No, she isn't my girlfriend... Jo is my roommate.” I looked over out the corner of my eye and she was smiling directly at me. 
“You aren't going to ask me?” Huh, I didn't understand what she was talking about. The lift stopped and the doors opened. She began to walk out, but stopped. “I'm single too, Ryder” she said over her shoulder.
The ride to the event had been just as awkward as the lift. These confide spaces were not helping me at all. Especially, when I had no idea what exactly was going on? Maybe all these years of pent up sexual tension was starting to affect my mind and body. I wanted to jump out the door and head to the gym. At least being there my mind and my body were my own and were not being controlled by hormones. 
It was a charity event for children living in poverty around the world. There was a dinner and auction. I saw a few famous faces. Jo would have been in her element here. We were sat at a table with a few other people. I did feel out of place.
“You work for your Dad?” She asked. 
All night she had done nothing but ask me questions about myself. It was as if she was interviewing me for some bodyguard magazine article. I hadn't dared ask her anything, in fact, I didn't want to know anything about her. Sounds harsh, but with her being this close and the deathly sexual tension, I only really had one thing on my mind.
“Yes,” I replied, reaching out for my wine. 
Her elbow was resting on the table and her head resting in her hand. She was turned to face me and her blue eyes sparkling at me. I swallowed hard. “You like working for him?”
I shrugged. “Today was my first day... So, I don't know yet!” That was it, I was bored with this one sided conversation and I had to do something to take my mind off my body's desires. “Tell me about you?” her eyebrows shot up. “Why did you act like a spoilt child today?”
She rolled her eyes. “I get fed up sometimes.” She sat back in her chair and her eyes avoided looking at me. “I love performing and singing, but I hate photo shots and things like this. Sometimes, I feel like a doll that they dress up and have me do whatever they want.”
“How long have you been doing this?”
“Since I was 15, I am 25 now. I just need some sort of break, I think. At first it was fun and being famous was great. Over the years, it just feels like I am being used to make others money.” Her eyes looked up at me. The sadness on her perfect face was heartbreaking. “I'm a golden ticket and I doubt they will let me go.”
“So, you play up?” I laughed.
“It brings fun to the long dull days. They treat me like a doll...” An amused smile hit her lips. “I treat them like my puppets.”
“That's how you treated me today.”
Her hand moved over and she placed it on my leg. “I am sorry...” she exhaled slowly and if the room was quiet, I swear to god, I would have been able to hear her heart beating fast. She quickly looked away and removed her hand. “I like you, Ryder...”
A couple from our table got up and headed to the dance floor. The band on the stage was singing 'The way you look tonight'. She had lost the cheery spirit she had a few seconds ago and it was my fault. I could be selfish sometimes. At least I inherited something from my father.
I stood up from my seat and held out my hand. Her eyes slowly moved up the length of my body, to my face and then my hand. “Would Miss Oliver care to dance?” She placed her hand in mine, it was tiny and soft. She stood up and we walked over onto the dance floor. 
I pulled her into me, her body pressed up against me. My arms wrapped round her dainty waist, her arms linking around my neck. We started to sway, her head resting against my chest. She was beautiful, her eyes every now and then looking up through her long eyelashes. I guess it was time to show her how I could really move. I began twirling and swirling her around the dance floor. Both of us laughing. Youthful happy laughs. I hadn't heard that sound come from me in a while.
The music finally stopped and so did we. Everyone applauded the band. “Wow,” she hushed. “You really are a dark horse.” She grabbed my hand and led me away from the dance floor. “Where did you learn that?”
I was now feeling relaxed in her company, in fact, I didn't really want this evening to end. I had never had this reaction to anyone in a while. What had she done to me? What was her magic power?
I shrugged. “My grandmother sent me to dance lessons for a while. Well, till my dad stopped me going and sent me to basketball instead.”
“It was wonderful,” she smiled up at me. “Just like you.”
Chapter Two
Falling from cloud nine
“Good morning,” I sang as I entered the kitchen, Jo froze- her spoon about a centimetre from her mouth. I leaned over and kissed her quickly on the cheek before I took my own seat. I started to whistle as I got myself some cereal and juice.
“Mmmm... Good morning,” she looked confused and finally ate what was on her spoon. “What's up with you today?” She asked as she swallowed.
A massive grin appeared on my face. “Just enjoying life.”
“Enjoying life?” She shook her head. “What happened to working for a monster?”
I rested my spoon down and the memory from last night flooded back. “She isn't a monster” I softly replied. “She is just a little fed up with her life at the moment.”
“Really?” She laughed and went back to her breakfast. “I think someone has a thing for a famous pop star.” I could tell by her tone she was mocking me. “Alas, he does not speak.”
“Jo!” I was verging on being mad or embarrassed. I wasn't sure which one and I certainly didn't want to spoil my good mood. So, what if I had a thing for Tess. Didn’t mean I was actually going to do anything about it. At least now I had a reason to do the job my father had given me. In a way you could say it was my motivation, some people went to work for the money, I went to work to see Tess. Sounded like a good explanation to me, but I didn't dare share with Jo. 
“Right, I'll back off,” she snapped, a silence fell between us as the pair of us ate our breakfast, “Anyway, I brought you a couple of new white shirts.”
“What is it with everyone buying me clothes lately?” 
Her face looked hurt. She jumped out of her seat and threw her bowl into the sink. “I was only trying to help... In the future, I won't!” She stormed out of the room and now I no longer felt happy or hungry.
I pushed the bowl away from me. I guess had to go and say sorry. I left the kitchen and headed to Jo's room. She was laid on her bed, doing something on her laptop. Her eyes, green eyes turned to look at me, leaning against her door frame. “If you've come to be mean again. Save it.”
I sighed and finally made my way in. “No, I'm sorry... Thank you for the shirts.” I perched on the edge of her bed. “And you're right. I do think I have a thing for Tess.” Her jaw dropped open. “Don't look shocked, I am human after all.”
“No!” She sounded erratic. “It's not you... Look!” She pointed to the screen of her laptop. It was an email and I started to read, it was from Ryan. “Should I?” She was referring to the question at the end. 
I shook my head. “No!”
“No!”
“Are you crazy?”
“Are you?” Her eyes wide and her mouth tight.
Rolling my eyes, I closed her laptop and pushed it aside. My eyes looking at my best friend who was now looking very confused. She ran a hand through her hair and her mouth was turned down at the corners. I hated Ryan and the way he thought he could just drop and pick up Jo any time he wanted to. She was utterly in love with him and he would use it to his advances.
I grabbed her hand and held it tight. “Please, don't go on a date with him. He cheated on you and then broke up with you using a text.”
“I know,” she said quietly. “It's just...” she looked away. “I really love him and he said he is willing to try.”
“Try?” I raised an eyebrow. “Try till when? He decides he wants to sleep with someone else and break your heart... Again?”
“Ryder,” Her eyes widened and her expression changed her face soft and a slight smile on her lips. “One day you're going to fall madly in love with someone and you're gonna do stuff others don't understand.”
“Meaning what?” Sometimes it really was hard to keep up with her. Somehow she had managed to turn the whole situation round on me. I folded my arms and took her in. I knew she was trying to be serious, but a slight grin came to my face.
“Meaning, you won't care what others think,” she returned my grin and sat a little closer towards me. “When you fall in love with someone you want them anyway you can get them—Even if they break your heart. ” 
“If he loved you he wouldn't hurt you” I added, there was no point even trying to convince her. When Ryan was on the scene she never listened to reason. I had to get ready for work and now my happy mood had completely vanished.

My father picked me up yet again dead on eight. We drove in silence for most of the journey. My mind was consumed with thoughts of Jo and Ryan. Why did she have to be so blindly in love with him? How many nights had she spent tucked up next to me crying her eyes out? Not being able to eat or even smile?
To top it all, she wanted to go through all that again. For him. I had to do something. I couldn't just stand back and allow him to destroy her again. I suddenly realized we had missed the turning to Tess's hotel.
“Where are we going?”
“Work!” He boomed.
“I’m not working with Tess today?”
I saw a crooked smile flash across his lips. “No.”
I rested my head against the back of the seat. Seriously, this day was not going the way I had expected. “Great!”
Tess had gone to New York first thing this morning and I was security for some top CEO... Mr Young, he was middle aged and was very up himself. I had avoided any conversations with him just drove him around to meetings and lunch.
I was starting to wonder exactly what my title was. I'm pretty sure it wasn't taxi driver. I didn't mind, it seemed easier than yesterday and the car wasn't bad either. I grabbed a sandwich and a paper from a corner shop and got back in the car. Mr Young was in another meeting and I was ordered to sit and wait.
I switched on the radio and opened my sandwich. Billy Ocean's voice filled the car and I started to read the paper as I ate. I turned the page and almost chocked on what I was swallowing. Shit! 
There in front of me was a picture of me and Tess from last night. One of her arms was wrapped round my neck, one of my arms round her waist. Our free hands locked together resting against my chest. She was looking up at me, a wonderful smile and me smiling down at her. 
I let out the breath I was holding in. She looked amazing, we looked amazing together. My heart was beating fast and my eyes fixated on her. How could I feel this way over someone I had just met? 
In fact, this time yesterday I hated everything about her. Then the memory of last night came flooding back. Wow.....
NO! This was wrong, she was one of my dad's clients and I worked for him. It was inappropriate to even think of myself being with her. What if things went bad? I doubted very much my father would forgive me for losing his contract. He would make my life a living hell.
I had to control myself, it was just a crush. I had a crush on Pamela Anderson once and I managed to live through that. I closed the paper and discarded it over onto the other seat. Maybe I should ask my dad if I could work for Mr Young permanently. After all, the driving around wasn't bad.
Could I go on never having anything to do with Tess again? Yes, I tried to convince myself. So she was beautiful, cheery, was interested in me... That didn't actually mean anything. There was plenty of women interested in me, it's just Tess Oliver had been the first one in a while I had been interested in back.
Anyway, I was more concerned about Jo. I knew the minute I had left this morning she was on the phone to Ryan. Maybe I should warn him, does the whole big brother act. It wouldn't go well with Jo. She would stop speaking to me.
I pulled out my mobile and dialled Jo's number, she picked up and sounded a lot happier than earlier, all my worse fears were confirmed. “You rang him, didn't you?” I growled.
“Of course,” she laughed. “Oh Ryder, he is really sorry about everything. He has missed me and he loves me.”
“They are just words, Jo!”
“Stop this!” She yelled. “I love Ryan and I want him back. Like you’re even an expert in anything like this.” Her words stunned me. “Get your own love life and stop sticking your nose in mine.” The line went dead.
I stared at my mobile, shocked and hurt. She obviously knew I cared about her and was just worried. Sticking my nose in? It wasn't Ryan, who had to put Jo back together again. Get my own love life? Tess?  
The car door opened and Mr Young got in the back. “To the office, Ryder and then we will call it a day.” I didn't reply, I just started up the car and did as I was told.
I got in from work and Jo was standing in the living room, messing around with her hair in the mirror. She was dressed to impress; a clingy black boob-tube dress and mega high heels. She was showing Ryan what he was missing. It made me sad that she felt she had to do that. Everything about Jo was perfect and she looked wonderful in everything. I placed my keys down on the corner unit and she looked over at me.
“Hey,” she smiled.
“Hey,” I sat down on the sofa and just looked at my hands. “I take it your meeting Ryan?”
She spun round and folded her arms in front of her. “Are you still going on about this?” She grunted.
I looked up and our eyes met. “Look,” I had to just be happy for her and be there when she needed me. Nothing I said was going to change her mind. She was my friend and I loved her dearly. “If this is what you want...” I couldn't believe these words were about to leave my lips. “Then I'm happy for you. Just don't expect me to like him, okay.”
She ran over and flung her arms around me, hugging me tight. “I know you're just worried about me, Ryder.” She pulled away and kissed my cheek. “But I am a big girl now and can take care of myself.”
I placed a loose strand of her hair behind her ear. “I know” I sighed. “I just always feel very protective over you.”
“I know,” she grinned. “And that is why I love you.” The buzzer went. She jumped up and looked very excited. “He's here!” She sang, quickly grabbing her jacket and bag. “Don't wait up,” she winked and then she was gone.
It looked like it was the gym for me!

I spent three hours in the gym, went home, had a microwave meal, showered and was in bed before ten-thirty. Wow, what an exciting life I lived. I tried to go to sleep. Every time I closed my eyes the vision of the picture invaded my brain. I kept asking myself the same question over and over again. When would I see Tess again? I turned onto my belly and placed the pillow over my head. This was crazy. I was never like this. 
There was a knock on the door and I heard it creak open. I removed the pillow and sat up. Jo switched the light on and had a goofy smile on her face.
“You're alone?” I said in surprise.
“Yep,” she was almost gliding over to me. She sat down next to me and rested her head on my shoulder. “He's wonderful,” she said breathy.
“Good night, then?”
“Oh,” she gave a girly sigh. “He has matured so much and he brought me a rose.”
“The way to a girl's heart—a rose” I mocked.
“He is taking me away this weekend. He wants for us to get away and talk things through.” She looked up at me. “I hope you find someone, Ryder. I hate seeing you always alone.”
“I'm not alone” I placed an arm around her shoulders. “I have you.”
“I didn't mean that,” she huffed. “You need to find a girlfriend, someone to love and love you back. You need a relationship.” I opened my mouth to say something and she placed a finger against my lips. “The gym isn't a relationship!”
“What if I told you I think I like someone...?” I had her attention. I shifted over to my bedside cabinet and took the paper from the draw. 
“Who?” She said, surprised, she snatched the paper off me and started turning the pages till she got to the photo. “Tess Oliver?” She said slowly and now it was my turn to have the goofy grin. “I have to admit you do look very handsome in this picture.”
“Thank you,” I said proudly. “The thing is I have only really spoken to her properly once.”
“And?”
“And this is all new to me.”
“What have you got to lose, Ryder?” She firmly replied. “You like her and from this picture she likes you. Go for it... You'll never know unless you try.”
“S'ppose” I nodded. “What if I mess up?”
She grabbed hold of my hand and squeezed hard. “Do it! Or I will make you” she threatened.

The rest of the week seemed to go very fast. Before I knew it Friday was here. Driving Mr Young around seemed to make time flash by. Yet, still nothing from Tess. Jo had spoken of nothing else but Ryan and her trip away. 
“Jo!” I called out as I entered the apartment that night.
“Yeah,” she appeared out of the kitchen, dressed in her work uniform.
“Any phone calls?”
“No” she said with a sad voice, her eyes full of pity for me. “Why don't you come and hang out at the bar tonight. We can celebrate your first week at work.”
“Sure” I shrugged, it was better than spending another evening alone. “I'll go and change.” I was just about to go to my room when the phone rang. We both looked at each other in astonishment.
“Are you going to get it?” Jo laughed.
“No!” She started to walk over to the phone. “Yes!” She stopped in her tracks. “No-- Quick--- You get it!” Jo laughed and skipped over to it.
“Hello Ryder and Jo's place,” she smiled looking at me. “Sure, here he is.” She pointed the phone in my direction and mouthed 'it's her'.
I took the phone off her and then realized I had no idea what I should say. Jo raised an eyebrow and urged me on with her eyes. I gulped and finally placed the phone to my ear. “Hello,” I hesitated.
“Ryder,” her voice filled me with joy. “Sorry, I should have called you sooner, but I have just been very busy conducting my puppet show.” I gave a little laugh and noticed Jo hanging around in the background. I pointed to the kitchen and she disappeared. I sat down on the sofa as she continued to talk. I could listen to her talk all day. “So, I was wondering if you had anything planned tonight.”
I thought about hanging out at the bar. I knew Jo wouldn't mind me skipping out on her. After all, when she finished work tonight she was heading off with Ryan anyway. “No,” I quickly said.
“Good,” I could hear her smiling down the phone. “Do you want to meet up and do something?”
“Yes” it was all I could manage to say.
“Okay, meet me at my hotel suite and we will decide there. Catch you in an hour.” The line went dead.
“Well....” Jo was behind me and I knew she had been there the whole time. “Are you slumming it with us working class or hanging out with the rich and famous?”
“We are meeting up” I grinned.
“A date?”
“She never said it was a date!”
“It's a date,” she laughed, wrapping her arms round my neck. “Oh, my baby boy finally has a date,” she screamed with excitement. “Come" as she ordered me to stand up. “We need to find you something to wear.”
Chapter Three
3. Don't have to pretend
I was only moments away from seeing her again and the excitement, the butterflies and the nerves were building up inside me. I glanced down at the outfit Jo had picked out for me. A pair of beige cotton trousers with a very loose white shirt--- Another of Ryan's.
She had assured me the outfit was all purpose, casual but smart enough to get into any high class restaurant. I made my way down the hall and over to the hotel suite door. My palms were beginning to sweat and beads of sweat were starting to form on my forehead. God, a sweaty anxious man, that wasn't exactly the look I was going for.
I knocked on the door, the few seconds I waited felt like hours. I heard the lock click and finally it opened. There she was, standing before me, every inch the goddess I had remembered. She was dressed very low key, tight jeans, a white T-shirt, her hair tied back and trainers. I was now over-dressed. Her eyes locked with mine and she blushed slightly.
“Hey,” she said breathlessly. “I thought we could head over to the restaurant over the road?”
I narrowed my eyes. “Is that wise? Do you have security? It’s just such a busy place.”
She gave a little chuckle and stepped out of the room. She gracefully placed her bag over her head and rested it on her hip. “I have security...” Her eyes lit up with amusement. “You!” Her hand clasped with mine and she started leading me back down the hall. “I hope you like pizza.”
“Who doesn't like pizza?” I thought aloud.
“Oh, you would be surprised.”
The restaurant wasn't as busy as I assumed it would be for a Friday night. Tess had managed to get us a booth right at the back with no one else around. 
“I should have called you” she reached out for a slice of pizza and placed it on her plate. “I felt bad not thanking you properly for the other evening.”
I took a sip of my soda. “Thanking me for what? You invited me, remember?”
She gave a little smile. “Indeed I did.” She took in a deep breath and her eyes looked down at her plate. “I haven't thought about anything else... Me. You. Us!”
The wave of desire swooned over me and my breathing had escalated just a little. I watched her intensely, it was if she was in some day dream, every now and then her lips twitched into a smile. In a flash she snapped out of it, her eyes back looking at me pounding with her own desire.
“What are you trying to say?” My voice matching the same tone as hers before.
She leaned a little closer and reached out for my hand. I didn't deny her. Never would I deny her to touch me. “I saw the photo of us in a paper.”
“Me too.”
“What did you think?”
I closed my eyes. I couldn't say it out loud as she looked at me. I was afraid that maybe this was all in my head and not actually happening at all. Her grip on my hand tightened, her begging me to say something. 
“I thought,” I began. “We looked amazing together.” My eyes slowly opened, expecting to see terror over her face but it was the exact opposite. “You?”
“The same.” I leaned towards her our lips inches away from each other. “Not here... You can't kiss me here, too many witnesses.” She slumped back in her seat in a disappointed manner. “Take me somewhere,” she ordered.
“Where?”
“Your place” her eyes lit up again. “Where is your car?” I pointed to the direction of the hotel. “Go and get it, meet me out the back.” She quickly opened her bag, pulled out a twenty placing it on the table. “Go now, Ryder. We don't have much time.” She jumped up and left the table. 
I quickly left the restaurant and dashed to my car. My head was in a whirlwind, trying to make light of what was happening. I jumped into my car and speeded round to get her. What was going to happen when we got to my place? Had she actually said she liked me they way I liked her? I couldn't grasp anything. It all seemed too good to be true. I hadn't been in this sort of situation for a while. The car came to a halt and she climbed in.
“That was quick,” she laughed, reaching out for her seat belt. “Very impressive.”
I revved the engine and pulled off. I could feel her eyes burning into me. Every now and then I would look at her. Her scent filled my car and was doing things to my body. I wanted her, all of her. To feel her bare skin against mine, feel her lips against mine and lose myself in her. The blood was now pumping south and was causing discomfort. I had to think of a way to stop my sordid thoughts.
“What did you do in New York?” I shifted in my seat to try and ease my arousal.
She waited a beat before she answered. “You really want to know?” I nodded. “Well, I had to do a few interviews to promote my new autobiography.”
“You write?” I said, surprised really.
“NO!” She laughed. “I had to speak into this recording device for months and someone else wrote it down from it.” She suddenly burst out laughing. “Things people do for money, huh?”
“You didn't want to do that?”
“Like I had a choice,” she grunted. “Then, I went and had look around some apartments.”
We finally arrived outside my apartment. the last part had hit me hard. I pulled the key out of the ignition and tapped it against my hand. “You're moving?”
“Not sure yet” her facial expression blank. “Come, I want to see where you sleep.” She jumped out of the car quickly and I followed.
I opened my door and head gestured for her to enter. She stepped inside and began to look around. She removed her bag and placed it down on the sofa.
“You're so lucky,” she sighed, as I closed the front door behind me. “It looks very homely.” Her eyes looked over to a picture of me and Jo. It was taken during our recent trip to Disney Land. I had my arm draped round her and we were both wearing Mickey Mouse ears.
“Your roommate?” She pointed, I just nodded and she picked the photo up to study it. “She is very beautiful.” She gave at a little breath. “So, so lucky,” she said again.
I stepped a little closer towards her. “What do you mean?”
She placed the photo down and turned to face me. “You have everything” her hand swept across the room. “A home, friends and normality.”
My hand reached out and placed it's self on the side of her face. The pain in her face was heart wrenching. “You're lucky to” I tried to sound convincing. She closed her eyes and fell into my touch.
“Tell me more,” she whispered, her hands resting on my chest. “Please, tell me more.”
“Well,” I began, feeling a little put on the spot. “You're talented, beautiful, and successful and you can get any man falling onto their knees for you.” Her eyes sprung open, had I said the wrong thing. I backed away and ran my hands through my hair. I knew I was going to mess up somehow.
“Hey,” she grabbed hold of my wrist. “You've done nothing wrong,” she answered my unspoken question. “Show me where you sleep.”
Chapter Four
4. Letting go tonight
She wanted to see my room, fuck! This was actually going to happen. Wait! I was just assuming things, just because she wanted to see my room didn't actually mean she wanted sex. She began to make her way down the hall, with me following behind trying to scrap whatever nerve I had left.
“Which one is yours?” She asked, looking over her shoulder and fluttering her eyelashes. I pointed to the door, she was next to. Her hand gripped hold of the handle. “Can I?” I gave a little smirk and she slowly opened the door. “Wow,” she laughed, entering my room. “You clean... Not something I have seen from a man before.”
I had to admit I was a cleaning freak, but then it was good to have everything in its right. Unlike Jo-- whose room was a tip and she was the most unorganized person I had ever met. I had tried to convince her to be tidy, but it hadn't managed to rub off on her.
She spun round to face me and I had to catch my breath, her eyes were narrowed and the heat from them was erupting the arousal I had managed to deal with earlier. “Do you have many women in here?” She was almost purring.
“No,” I muttered, feeling rather embarrassed. “In fact, I think you are probably only the third I have had here since I moved in five years ago.”
“Three plus your room mate?
”I placed my hands over my face and cringed. “No, Jo is included in the three.” I felt her soft dainty hands move mine away from my face.
“How?” She looked puzzled, her head tilting to the side and taking me in. “How is it even possible that you are not fucking your way through the entire population of LA?”
My jaw dropped, her saying the word fucking sounded good from her mouth. Normally, women who swore were an utter turn off for me. She made it sound erotic, tempting.
She started to walk around me, never taking her eyes off mine. As if she was some wild animal and I was her next kill. My heart raced again and the sweating began. I couldn't take my eyes away from her. She reached for the hem of her T-shirt and pulled it over her head.
My mouth was dry and I was staring at her perfect breast, her tiny waist and flat stomach. “I have a theory,” she stopped to kick of her trainers. “I think you can tell how a man will be in bed by the way they dance.”
“Really?” I growled.
“Really...” She slowly walked over to me and ran her hands up and down my chest. I could feel myself getting hard and the flames enlighten through my body. Slowly, one by one she undid the buttons.
“You're a beautiful man, Ryder.” Her hands ran up and down my bare chest, she gently pulled my shirt off me. “You have strong arms which I am pretty sure could pick me up, hold me against that wall and keep me steady well you fuck me.”
“I'm pretty sure they could.” I wanted to reach out and grab her, but the way she was doing this looked a lot more fun.
“I've wanted you since you walked into that warehouse,” she moaned, as she placed kisses along my chest. My head fell back and I tried to stay focused. “Ryder,” I grunted in response, my eyes half open. She stood back slightly and unfastened her jeans allowing them to hit the floor. “Take me now, please.”
That was my cue. I grabbed hold of her and pulled her into me, walking her backwards towards the bed. My lips collide with hers, hungrily I kissed her. My tongue dipping in and out of her mouth, she tasted amazing. She fell onto the bed, with me pushing her into the mattress. I couldn't move my lips away from hers, her fingers tugging in my hair. I pressed my erection into her hip, just so she knew how she was driving wild. She gave a slight groan, but the kiss never stopped.
My lungs burned and I had to pull away. I looked down at her perfect face and she was panting just like I was. I stood up and removed my trousers, allowing her to see my hardness it all its glory.
“Please, now, Ryder” she begged as she licked her lips. Her own thumbs dipped into the band on her thong and she pulled it off, throwing it across the room.
I crawled back on top of her and our lips collided. Her legs opened wide for me to enter her wetness, I slammed into her and she cried out in pleasure.
Resting up on my elbows I stared down at her perfect face, as I gained rhythm and pace. The wonderful sound she made as I pulled out and slammed back inside of her with force.
“Harder” she yelled, her nails digging into my flesh. Slamming into her with force, I found my release and watched as she trembled beneath me.
My heart felt like it was beating out of my chest, this was the first time I'd made love to a woman in a long time. My lips kissed her face and she gave a little girly laugh.
“I guess my theory was right,” she smiled, locking her arms around my neck. “Can I stay?” I just nodded, I was unable to talk.
***
I woke up to the sound of someone calling my name. I looked up and Tess's face was above mine. Her finger tips traced along my face. “Morning,” she smiled.
“Morning,” I said, surprised. It wasn't a dream, it had actually happened. I placed my hand to the back of her neck and pulled her face down to mine. Once again we fell into a mesmerizing kiss. It didn't last long this time. She quickly pulled away and stood up. I noticed she was fully dressed with her bag resting against her hip.
“I have to go.”
“Oh,” I cried. “Give me a minute and I'll drive you back.” I pulled back the covers and was just about to get up.
“No!” She held up her hand. “I have someone picking me up.” As if on cue the buzzer rang. “I had a wonderful time, Ryder. It was amazing, thank you.” She headed towards the door. “I'll call you” she added and then was gone.
A few seconds later I heard the front door open and then close. She was gone.....
Chapter Five
Falling hard with an open heart
Saturday came and went without a word from Tess. I guess she was busy with work or something. I spent most of the day watching TV and chilling on the sofa. I was still on a natural high after the night before. Everything about it was perfect, all my thoughts were consumed with Tess and the way she lightened up my dull, glum gym obsessed world.
Sunday, and still no word... I would be lying if I said I wasn't bothered. I kept thinking maybe I had done something wrong, but nothing to come to mind. Maybe she had regretted it.
Finally, by the afternoon the phone rang. It was only my dad, telling me that Mr Young wanted to hire me permanently as his driver. I accepted straight away, being a driver sounded a better job for me than body guard.
Sunday evening and Jo arrived home filled with stories of how romantic Ryan had been. I just sat, half listening, my mind still filled with Tess. I had tried to call her hotel suite a few times, but there was no answer. Either she was avoiding me or was away doing some sort of work.
The next two weeks went by slowly and still no call. I had got myself into a routine. During the day I would drive Mr Young all round LA, then the evenings, I would hit the gym and then at night lay staring up at the ceiling.
I know by now I should have taken the hint she wasn't going to call. Something deep inside didn't want to admit that she obviously wasn't interested.
I got in from work one evening and I couldn't be bothered to go to the gym. The lack of sleep had actually caught up with me. I flopped onto the sofa and gave a sigh.
“Right!” Jo yelled, glaring at me over the sofa. “You can't go on like this. I have watched you for two weeks moping around, you need to get out.”
“I'm not really in the mood” I yawned.
“Ryder Hilton!” She scowled and I knew she meant business. “She is not worth putting your life on hold for. If she can't be bothered to make a simple phone call then she is simply not worth it.”
“What do you suggest I do?” I groaned. I knew she was right, but I felt something that night with Tess and I would of liked the chance see it develop. There had to be a reasonable explanation and I knew there was.
“Come out with me and Ryan tonight,” she suggested.
I rolled my eyes. “Please Jo, anything but hanging out with you and Ryan” I pleaded. Jo didn't bother me, but a whole night just trying to be nice to Ryan... Well, that seemed like a lot of hard work.
“Sit up,” she ordered as I rubbed my hands down my face. “Now you listen, Ryder Hilton. YOU are coming out with me and Ryan and YOU are going to have a good time!”
“Okay... Okay!” I gave in, like I even had a choice not to. “Let me go and get sorted.” I stood up and walked towards my bedroom. I
Wished my room had a lock, I really just wanted to hide away, possibly with a phone--- just in case!
I sat down on my bed and rubbed my brow. How much fun was tonight going to be? Watching Jo and Ryan act all loved up. Then the stabbing pain started again, was it possible to feel this way over someone after one night?
I couldn't make sense of my feelings... Did I love her? Or was I just hurt that she had used me? Had she used me? It wasn't like she forced me into having sex with her. I wasn't sure about anything at the moment apart for the first time in years. Tess had made me feel alive again.
She gave me a little glimmer of hope that maybe I was normal and not a freak, like my father thought I was. She was the one I thought I could be with, how long would it be till I found someone else like that? Would I ever find it again?
“Come on!” Jo yelled, outside my door. “If you're not ready in twenty minutes I will drag you out.” I heard her heels click down the hall.
She was right. I couldn't put life hold over one night with a complete stranger. I doubted she was worrying about me... I let out a deep breath. I had to put Tess behind me and move on. Staying in every night wasn't actually going to lead me to meeting anyone new. She was out there somewhere. I just had to start looking.

Clubbing!
One of the things I hated the most... A room of horny students getting off their faces in the attempt they may go home with someone. What was the point? At the end of the day they were more likely to end up with an STI rather than a serious loving relationship.
I sat with my drink and watched Jo enjoy herself. I still hated Ryan even after his attempt to be friendly towards me. There was just something about him and I couldn't put my finger on it. Yeah, he was polite and he looked very much in love with Jo, constantly touching her, kissing her cheek and making sure she was having a good time.
I just kept wondering whether it was an act in my present. I downed the rest of my vodka and reached out to grab another from the tray. Drowning my sorrows seemed such a better way to spend the evening.
“Hey,” Jo skipped up behind me and wrapped her arms around my neck. “Come and dance,” she pleaded.
“No!” I downed another. “I am enjoying my date” I raised my glass and gave a little grin.
She sat down in the spare seat next to me and quickly snatched the glass out of my hand. “This will not help.” She could have that one, it was empty. I reached out to grab another but she pushed my hand away. “Ryder, please stop this.”
“Stop what?” I asked, looking at her shocked. Hadn't it been her idea for me to come out and enjoy myself. God, sometimes she could be so annoying.
“This,” she held up the glass. “Drinking will not block or make anything better. Right, you need to move on and find someone else. Someone who wants to be with you.”
The alcohol was beginning to take its effect. “Like you?” I said in a flirtatious tone. Jo rolled her eyes and started to laugh. I leaned a little closer and grabbed hold of her hand. “Why don't we get together?”
She tilted her head to the side. “Why do you always do this?”
“Do what?” I asked, innocently.
“This... When you've been drinking. Both you and I know we are friends.”
I removed my hand from hers. “I know, I know... And I love you very much” I kissed her cheek. “Alright,” I sighed. “Show me your moves.”
I stumbled out of my seat and somehow made it over to the dance floor. Jo wrapped her arms around me and we started swaying. This felt comfortable. I didn't have to prove anything to Jo. We could just stay like this without any showing off or trying to impress.
I looked down at her. “What's wrong with me?” I mumbled.
Her head rested on my chest. “Nothing,” she sighed.
“Then why can't I do what men my age does?”
“Are you referring to one night stands?” She laughed and I nodded my head. She stopped dancing and looked directly up into my eyes. “Because you're one of the decent ones, Ryder. You like to get to know someone and you need a connection. Do you know how many women would love to have a man like you?”
I gave a big smile. “Ah, flattery” I pulled her back into me and rested my cheek on the top her head. “What would I do without, Jo?”
“I don't know,” she shrugged. “And I never want to find out.”
“Hey,” said a voice interrupting us. I looked over and there was Ryan glaring at me. I narrowed my eyes and gripped Jo harder. “Could I have my girl back?”
His girl? Like she was some sort of procession. I hated him, everything inch of him screamed cheat and liar. From the way he wore his shirt slightly open, the amount of gel he used in his hair. The way he stood like he owned everything. The hatred was building up. I slowly released Jo from my grip and stood in front of him.
Me towering above him gave me some power and I liked it. Without thinking I grabbed hold of his shirt, his face filled with panic and his eyes wide.
“Correction” I snarled. “She was my first and always will be.”
“Ryder!” Jo screamed, pulling me away. She pushed me in the chest, but it made no impact on me. I just stood looking at Ryan over the top of her head. “What do you think you're doing?” She was turning this round on me. He can go round treating her like an object, but I was in the wrong for putting him straight. I ran my hands through my hair and let our a little air from my mouth.
“What are you even doing with him?” I asked.
“What?” I watched her jaw clench. “Look, you are just looking for someone to take out your anger on. It is not our fault that slut hasn't called you.” She pointed her finger at me. “Go home... I'll speak to you tomorrow.”
“Fine!” I yelled. “Don't come running to me when he breaks your heart... AGAIN!!!” I stormed out of the club, pushing my way through the crowds. I got outside into the cool LA night air and started to take in deep breaths. What had happened? I suddenly felt ashamed and stupid. Why had I behaved in that manner? That was really unlike me, had this whole thing with Tess turned me into a mental person?
My phone began to ring. I pulled it out of my pocket and didn't recognize the number. I hit the receive button and put it to my ear. “Hello, Ryder Hilton speaking?”
“Ryder,” a little voice replied on the other end. What? I couldn't reply, I was stunned. How? Why? “Ryder,” the voice said again, this time in a little panic. “Are you still there?”
“Yes, what do you want Tess?” I started making my way down the street.
“I need to see you” her voice soft and breathy. “I am sorry I haven't called, but the morning I left yours I had to go to Europe and I forgot to take my phone with me.” She sighed. “Will you come and see me, please?”
God! I hadn't expected this. What was I meant to do? Was this how it was going to work? She would disappear and then I would go running every time she clicked her fingers or could fit me into her schedule. Then what was the alternative, sit at home and wait for Jo to come back and remind me of my awful behaviour. The scales seemed unbalanced and I didn't want another argument tonight.
“Okay,” I weakly replied. “I'll be there as soon as I can.” I hit the end button and placed my phone back into my pocket.
At least her hotel was only down the road and I didn't have to stumble that far. I started to walk a little faster. What was I going to say to her? Why exactly did she want to see me?
Then the look of hurt on Jo's face flooded through my mind. She was going to kill me tomorrow. Maybe us not being in the same place tonight would give her time to cool down.
Before I even thought about it, I was outside the Four Seasons. It was the moment of truth time....
I banged on the door, it quickly opened and she was before me. I was dumbstruck. She was even more beautiful dressed in simple PJs. I took in a sharp breath. I was still feeling a little drunk but not as I was before. The fresh air and her telephone call had seemed to help me a little.
I stepped in. She closed the door behind me and now I felt very awkward, maybe a little stupid at the thought I had come running to her after the way I was treated. God, why was I such a girl sometimes? It was if I hadn't inherited that gene that made me an arsehole! Guess I wasn't anything like my dad-- like I didn't already know that.
We both stood there in silence, both of us avoiding eye-contact with each other. Was she waiting for me to go first? I shrugged my shoulders, someone had to talk. We both couldn't do this all night.
“You went to Europe?” She nodded. “Why didn't you call me before you left?”
“I thought about it,” she ran her hands through her hair. “I just didn't want to come across clingy. Did you want a drink?”
“Okay” more alcohol might help me get over my anxiety, which was stupid really. I followed her over to the bar on the other side of the suite. I watched as she poured two vodka and tonics. She handed me my drink. “What did you do in Europe?”
“Did some work,” she took a sip of her drink. “Hung out with a few friends.” She gave a little laugh. “What is this question Tess time?”
“Well, don't you think I should be told you were going?” I snapped. She was really beginning to irritate me. I watched her roll her eyes and that was it. Something exploded inside me. I slammed my glass back down on the bar.
“You really don't care, do you?” I felt my hand clench into a fist, she was driving me mad. The way she could just stand there as if nothing was wrong, her expression blank and not a flicker of emotion in her eyes. I closed my eyes and tried to get rid of the fire burning through me. She obviously wasn't worth all my time, thoughts or even worthy of me.
“I have to go” I calmly breathed. Although, I knew another argument was already lined up for me when Jo got home. I could deal with her. At least she had a heart and a conscience. I turned round and headed towards the door.
“Wait!” Tess was now behind me and her hand grabbed hold of my wrist. “You think I don't care about us and what happened?” I didn't turn to look at her, but my heart did skip a beat. “Well... Ryder, you're wrong” her voice had an edge to it, like she was fighting back tears.
Now, I knew I couldn't look at her. There was something that made it difficult for me to deal with crying girls. The amount of times I had tried to avoid Jo when she had been crying. However, she always managed to pull at my heart strings and I had to comfort her.
“I haven't stopped thinking about it,” she let go of my wrist. “Do you know how hard it was for me to leave that morning? Do you know how hard it was for me to call you tonight?”
She had caught my attention and I slowly turned to look at her. Her hands were in her hair and her eyes moving rapidly from side to side. I didn't say anything, I wanted to listen to her speak and explain. I wanted her side of what she thought was going on.
“This is all new to me and I am scared... You don't want anything from me. The way you look at me takes my breath away. I am not sure if I could handle another person in my life!”
“What?” I bellowed, shaking my head. I held my hand up. I couldn't listen to anymore of her feeble excuses. “So, you like me and you feel something for me?” I was saying her points out loud, hopefully to make some sense of the crap she had just said. “But, you're scared because it's new and you don't want to add me to your hectic schedule?”
Her eyes opened wide. “Okay,” she shrugged. “I am not very good at explaining things... You sort of understand what I am trying to get out.”
“No!”
“No?” She sounded upset and looked lost.
I made my way over to her and moved a strand of hair away from her face. I now felt sorry for her. She was more clueless than I was.
“You're right. I don't want anything from you. Why can't you forget about your work when you're with me?” My fingertip gently lifted her chin so now our eyes were locked. “Just be yourself, please.” I leaned down and placed my lips on hers.
***
The phone was ringing. I slowly opened my eyes and found Tess lying against my chest with the blanket wrapped round her. The phone was still ringing. I slowly woke up and realized that it was my mobile on the bedside cabinet ringing. With my free hand I reached over and grabbed my phone. Fuck! It was my dad. I sat up, waking Tess in the process and answered the phone.
“Dad,” I greeted him.
“How long does it take for you to answer the phone, Ryder?” I could tell he was angry. “Anyway, I want you at my house tonight. Your sister had come to visit and we are having dinner. I called Jo and invited her.”
“Okay,” I quickly said, my eyes looked down at Tess and she looked beautiful. Her big blue eyes staring up at me with a perfect smile on her face. “Could I bring someone?” The words left my mouth before I realized.
“If you want. 7 and don't be late!” The line went dead and I gave a breath of relief that he hadn't asked any questions. I put my phone down and lay back down next to Tess. I pulled her back into me and her head rested on my chest again.
“That was my dad” I laughed, as my fingers played with her soft blonde hair. “My sister is in town and he is having some dinner thing.” I gave an awkward cough. “Would you like to come with me?”
“Yes,” she sat up a little and she was beaming. “I would love to come and meet your family.” She kissed me sweetly on the cheek. “Thank you.”
I finally decided to go home. I wasn't sure what I was going to go home to. After last night with Tess, I didn't really care what she was going to say. I opened the front door and Jo was sitting in the living room with Ryan right next to her. They were both still in their nightwear eating breakfast in front of the TV.
“Hi,” I mumbled, as I put my keys in their usual place. I could feel both pairs of eyes glaring at me. Neither one of them spoke to me as I made the walk of shame to my room. I had been rather foolish last night. I didn't know what had gotten into me. I didn't want to be with Jo, she was my best friend and I loved her too much to lose her. It was him really that was the problem. Deep down I knew he would hurt her again and I didn't want to stand around and let it happen.
I walked into my room and fell on to my bed. I could sleep for a hundred years alcohol and a late night were not exactly a good combination. I was going to avoid any drink tonight, especially if Tess was going to be with me. I didn't want to make a fool of myself.
There was a tap on my bedroom door and Jo walked in, her face cold and nostrils flaring slightly. She was still very anger with me, which I had already gathered from the no reply when I walked in. I sat up and was going to take whatever she said to me. After all it was my fault.
“No apology?” She snarled, her arms were now folded and she was tapping her foot.
“I’m sorry for the way I behaved last night, Jo. I was out of order” I looked down at my hands. She always had this way of making me feel like a child. Sometimes I deserved it, I liked the way she could keep me in line.
I slowly looked back up and now she was smiling. She ran over and wrapped her arms round my neck. She caught me off guard and fell back onto the bed with her falling on top of me.
“So?” She was now looking down at me with a raised perfect eyebrow. “Where did you go last night?”
I placed my hands behind my head. “Well... I got the call!!”
“Really?” She climbed off me and lay down beside me. “How did it go?”
A cheesy grin plastered my face as I thought at last night. “Amazing, Jo. She is really starting to open up to me and I invited her to my dad's tonight.”
She grabbed hold of my hand and gave it a big squeeze. “Oh Ryder, that's great. Do you think she is the one?”
I gave a hysterical laugh. “Jesus! The one? It's a little early to start thinking about that.” Then curiousness hit me. I turned to face her leaning on my elbow. “When did you think that Ryan was the one?”
Her cheeks flushed a little and her eyes went dreamy. “Immediately” she sighed. “When he walked into the bar and asked for that beer, I knew.”
“Beer and a walk?” I shrugged. “Sounds like good husband material!”
She playfully pushed my shoulder and sat up. “See, I knew you wouldn't understand.” She placed a hand on her chest. “I know and that is really all that matters” she paused for a bit. I knew she was in deep thought about Ryan. “Why is your dad having this dinner?” She had returned back to normality.
“Lara,” I turned my nose up at the sound of my older sister's name. Every so often she would turn up with a new boyfriend or when she needed more money for another investment. Of course Lara could do no wrong, she was the perfect one and she loved to rub my face in it. “Wonder what her excuse is this time?”
Jo made her way over to the door and leaned against the frame. She started giggling to herself. “Why are you even bothered about her? Once everyone see Tess Oliver on your arm, it will be Lara Hilton who?” She gave her big smile and skipped off. She was right. Maybe I would actually surprise my dad. I looked at the bedside clock, not long and Tess would be here. Something told me tonight was going to be good.
***
I could seriously kill Jo sometimes. I had to wait a whole hour to get into the bathroom and when I finally had a shower the water was cold. I decided to wear the suit Tess had brought for that charity event a few weeks back. I was just sorting out my tie when my bedroom door opened.
“God, Jo!” I said in annoyance. “Don't you bother to knock anymore?” I turned round and there she was, once again in my room. She looked amazing dressed in a long sleek black dress, her hair piled on her head with a few loose strains. “Wow!” It was all my brain and mouth seemed to be able to deal with.
She gave a little twirl. “I take it you approve?”
“Tess,” I couldn't take my eyes off her. Everything about her drew me in. I kept my fingers crossed hoping the sweating wouldn't begin. For some absurd reason it seemed to be a major problem when Tess was in my presence. “You look beautiful.” She gave a proud smile, wasn't she use to people telling her how wonderful she looked? From the smile I felt like I was the first person to ever tell her.
She walked slowly over to me, placing her tiny hands on my chest. Her scent was starting things off again. We didn't have time to deal with my arousal.
“You look mighty handsome, Ryder” she whispered. I swallowed hard, her speaking in that voice didn't exactly help my situation. I grabbed hold of her hand and dragged her out of my room, hoping Jo was in the living room. It was empty, I looked at Tess shocked.
“They left when I got here,” she was looking down at the floor. “I'm getting the feeling you don't want to be alone with me.”
The shock hit me. She could read me really well. “No!” I shook my head and our eyes met, I now felt very embarrassed. “It's just,” I raised an eyebrow and took in another glance of Tess in that dress. “Your dress” I pointed. “It's doing things to my body and I haven't got time to deal with the problem.”
She started fluttering her eyelashes and her hands started running up and down my chest. The blood started to pump south and the indiscreet thoughts filled my mind. I stood up, just to find some air to breathe again. “Is it that bad?” She laughed.
“Yes,” I gasped. “Come, we better go.”
“Rain check?”
A massive smile hit my face. “Oh yes.”

My father had gone all out, waiters with champagne, other waiters handing out food. A little band singing all Lara's favourite songs. It was actually sick. You would have thought she was his only child. All my dad's work friends were there, including Mr Young, who I just nodded to. I didn't care. I was more interested in everyone staring at the woman on my arm.
“Hi,” said a cheerful voice, it was Jo coming up to us with that dickhead. His eyes blatantly staring at Tess. They stopped in front of us. “Ryder, are you not going to introduce us to your date?”
I narrowed my eyes, why? She knew who Tess was and Tess knew who Jo was. Her green eyes glared at me. I rolled my eyes. “Tess, this is my roommate Jo.”
Tess held out her hand. “Wonderful to meet you,” she smiled. “Wow, you're more beautiful in the flesh.”
I watched Jo's cheeks flush a little. “Thank you. Um, we will catch you around later.” With that Jo dragged Ryan away with her.
“Oh my god!” I cringed at the voice. She was standing in front of us with her hands on her hips. “How on earth did you manage to pull this off?”
“Lara,” I spat. “My wonderful sister.”
She ignored me and looked at Tess. “Is he paying you?”
“Excuse me?”
“There is no way someone like you would volunteer to be seen with” she pointed to me. “That!” She shook her head. “Dad, said hurry up dinner is being served.” She strutted off, leaving me fuming.
“Your sister?” Tess asked as I led her away to the dining hall.
“Yep, the one and only” I snarled. “I don't bother with her very much. She seems to think she has some royal status.” We found our seats at the table and sat down. Looked like we were sharing a table with Jo and her boyfriend all night.
Once again he was staring at Tess, I felt sorry for Jo, and she looked amazing in a ruby coloured ball gown. His eyes should have been on her. I noticed a few men look at Jo with admiration, you couldn't ignore her. Tess was right. She was looking more beautiful than she did in the photos. That creep didn't deserve her. She needed someone who would show off. I wished she would get rid of him.
***
Dinner seemed to fly by quickly. All through it Tess and Jo had done nothing but chat. I just remained quiet, every now and then giving Ryan the evils. My own father hadn't bothered to talk to me. He was far too busy introducing Lara to all his business associates.
After dinner, I and Tess remained at our table watching Jo take over the dance floor. She was in her element and she had attracted a few more admirers.
“Jo is very nice” Tess smiled. “You like her a lot.”
I took my eyes off Jo and looked back at Tess. “Of course I like her a lot. She has been my best friend since I was five.”
She looked down at her hands. “I see the way you have looked at her tonight. You stare at her very lovingly. Your eyes soften just by the sound of her voice.”
I shifted nervously in my seat. “What are you trying to say?”
She raised an eyebrow. “You don't know?”
“Know what?” I was very confused with where this was leading.
“You're madly in love with her,” she smiled.
My eyes looked back over at Jo... This was the night my whole life changed!!
Chapter Six
Yeah, I was in the dark
Tess's words kept swirling around my head. Tess was away for a few days, which came at a good time. Although, I still had to live with Jo this was causing me much discomfort. I was trying really hard to avoid her, when we did end up in the same room I never knew what to say. It was weird, as I had never had this problem before and I wasn't even sure Tess's statement was true. If a complete stranger could come out and say that... Were we living in denial?
She was best friend and had been since I was five; my first day at school, in the middle of the playground I tripped up in front of everyone. Jo was the only one who didn't laugh and helped me get up. She had been my rock through High School, I dealt with her break ups and she dealt with my whining about girls, Lara and my dad. I couldn't live without her...
Maybe that's why I felt protective over her. I needed her near me to keep her safe. Then on the other hand, I couldn't possibly think of existing in a world without her. I let out a deep breath and carried on staring at my coffee cup.
“Morning,” her voice made me jump. I watched as she sat down at the kitchen table and poured herself some juice. “Are you seeing Tess today?” I just shook my head. I could feel her eyes burning into me. I wanted to jump up and run off. “Ryder?”
“Mmmm” I finally removed my eyes off the cup and to her, pretending I had just noticed she was talking to me. “Did you say something?”
She rolled her eyes. “What is wrong with you? For the last couple of days you have been acting weird.” She started drinking her juice. Great, she had caught on. Why was I being weird about what Tess had said? When I came to think about it everyone I knew assumed me and Jo were together. Not one of them had ever stated I was in love with her. She slammed her glass down and jumped up.
“Don't bother!” She snapped and walked out.
I rested my head on the table and let out an agonizing scream. God, what was going on? This was stupid, I could tell Jo anything and now I was treating her like a stranger. I had to tell her before this got really out of hand. I knew she would probably laugh at me and tell me I was over thinking--- which was normally the reason.
I got up and went in search for Jo. Just like every morning she was sprawled over bed with her laptop. She was such a social-networking freak. I just stood in the doorway and watched. I tilted my head to the side and that's when I noticed, how amazingly stunning she was. She was pouting slightly. Her full pink lips were in luring. I wondered how mine would feel against hers.
NO! What was I doing??
She never noticed me, so I decided to head off to work. Maybe driving Mr Young around all day would clear my mind and get rid of these laughable thoughts.
I pulled up outside his office and got out the car. I walked into the reception and I had to blink just to make sure my eyes were playing tricks on me. What the hell was she doing here? She gave a wave and I rolled my eyes.
“Lara?” I groaned, as I got closer. “What are you doing here?”
“Working!” She sniped. “Mr Young is taking me to brunch to talk about a new investment. And you?”
“You know!”
“Oh yeah,” she turned her nose up. “You're the driver! How could I forget...? After all,” she began to look round. “Like anyone would offer you a job to here.”
“I'll be in the car” I snapped, walking back the way I came. I hated her. It was hard to believe we were even related.
I got back into the car. I switched the radio on just for something to distract me, but that didn't help, I was still thinking about Jo. This was really starting to get frustrating, with what Tess had said and my thoughts about her lips, I always actually going crazy.
Why now? It was if Tess's words had linked some invisible path my brain had mentally blocked out. Did I love Jo that way or was I just mortified that Tess had accused me of being in love with Jo.
Like it even mattered, Jo was madly in love Ryan-- he was the one. I knew for a fact my feelings for Tess hadn't reached that point yet. Which was also another thing bothering me?
“Ryder,” Mr Young got into the car. “Take us to Café Midi.” I looked in the mirror and my sister was looking rather smug. She was getting more and more like my dad. That was my cue to stop my self pity thoughts and get to work. I turned the radio up a little and drove off.
***
I got in that night and something smelled delicious. Jo appeared out of the kitchen wearing an apron. She was smiling and looked very pleased with herself. I distracted my eyes and flopped onto the sofa.
“So,” she began, her voice sounding very cheerful. “I have cooked dinner and got us a DVD.” I picked up a magazine just for something to do. “We haven't spent much time together” her hands landed on my shoulders and I froze. Her mouth only itches away from my ear. If I had turned quickly I could kiss her. “Sound good?”
My heart was beating fast and some sort of electric current from her touch was going through my body. I bit down on my lip and just nodded. “Good!” And then she was gone.
Great, how was I going to get through a whole night with her so close? She strolled back into the living room and placed a plate on my lap. I couldn't do this, I rubbed my brow. How was I going to get this out without hurting her feelings?
“Jo” I began, holding the plate away from me. “I'm not in the mood to watch a DVD.” Her face fell and now I felt bad. “I'm sorry.” She took the plate off me and I got up.
“Wait!” She yelled at me. “Something is going on, Ryder and I want to know. You have been strange to me for days... What is your fucking problem?”
“I don't know,” I froze again, this time in the doorway. I couldn't turn round and look at her. “Tess said something and now I am sort of wondering if it holds any truth.” I could feel her presence behind me. “I just need some time to figure it out, that's all.”
“What did Tess say?” And I tensed up, her hand was now against my back and for some reason I turned to look at her. She was perfect and she smelt divine. “Please,” she begged, her big eyes looking up at me lost and confused. “Let me in, Ryder.”
I waited a second. I couldn't mess this up or let her freak out like I was. “She said that I was madly in love with you and vice versa.” Her head tilted to the side and she closed her eyes. “I said it was crazy, right?” My voice was on the brink of being high pitched. “Us? Love? You're my best friend.”
She slowly opened her eyes. “She's not completely wrong, though, is she?” I have no idea what was going through my mind. One second we were standing staring at each other, the next my lips were on hers. Our tongues dancing with each others and her fingers tugging at my hair. It felt right... Good! Every part of my body seemed to come alive and I had never wanted anyone this badly before. Not even Tess.
“No,” she pushed me away, trying to regain her breathing. “I didn't mean it like that.” I watched as the tears welled up in her eyes and now she was shaking. “No, Ryder...” She ran straight past me and into her room.
My legs couldn't withhold my weight anymore and I fell to the floor. I probably had just made the biggest mistake of my life and there was no way I could take it back or make it better. I had crossed that line.
That kiss... It was the most amazing kiss of my whole life and it confirmed all my worse fears. I was... I was no doubtingly utterly in love with Jo and I wanted her. We were right together, we were meant to be together and I was going to do everything in my power to make her see it too.
***
Thank god it was finally the weekend and I had agreed to meet Tess. It was not something I was actually looking forward to. Today I was going to suggest we should stop seeing each other.
Jo hadn't bothered speaking me since the other day and Ryan had spent every night sleeping at ours. What did she think I was going to do? Jump her in her sleep.
Everything thing had changed quickly, this time last week I thought all my happiness laid at Tess's feet and now Jo was all I wanted.
I heard the front door click shut. I guess they had gone out before I got up. This was now the new pattern. I pulled back the quilt and got out of bed. Coffee was very much needed and I made my way to the kitchen.
To my surprise Jo was sitting in her usual place at the table and a coffee cup was waiting for me. She gave a little smile as I sat down. “We need to talk” her voice cold and stern.
I looked up and she looked down at her own cup. Great, now she was avoiding eye contact with me? A stabbing pain deep in my stomach began and I knew I wasn't going to like what she was going to say.
“Get on with it” I mumbled.
“I have to move out and Ryan has asked me to move in with him,” she rushed her words at me. I was numb and the pain began to spread over my body. This was exactly what I had feared. “Say something, please.”
“I'm sorry” it was all I could think of. “But I don't regret the kiss or telling you, Jo.” I looked up and our eyes locked. “Tell me, truthfully, you didn't feel anything?”
She ran her hands through her hair and sat back in her seat. “Of course I felt something,” she sighed. “It's wrong, Ryder.”
“In what way?”
Pain flashed across her face and she let out a deep breath. “I am with Ryan and you are with Tess.”
“I'll break up with Tess” I quickly replied.
“What would happen to our friendship?” She leaned a little closer. “I can't lose you, Ryder. Your friendship means too much for me to lose you that way. It's stupid and I don't know why you have reacted in this manner. They were just words Tess said to you. It was her opinion on our unique situation.”
“It's true, Jo” I whispered and reached out for her hand. “Think about it logically. I have never been interested in dating other women because I didn't need to. I didn't have to look for 'the one' as she has always been with me.” I watched her expression soften and she was taking everything in. “It's always been you and nothing you say or do will change my mind.”
“I can't do it, Ryder. The best thing is for me is to move out, give us some space and you'll see sense.”
“You make it sound like I am going through some phase” I snapped. “You love me, admit it!”
She pushed her chair from the table and stood up. “Why? It won't change anything.” She started making her way to the door and I jumped out of my seat and blocked her exit. “What?” She screamed in my face.
“Say it out loud” I hissed through gritted teeth. “Tell me you don't love me and Ryan is all you need.” She tried to push past me, but I had hold of her and there was no way she could fight me off.
She gave up and her head fell onto my shoulder. Her shoulders moved and I could feel the warmth of her tears against my bare chest. Instantly I hugged her. I just needed her to admit the truth, just like I had done a few days ago. I inhaled her scent and my stomach flipped. Why was she making this difficult?
We were perfect for one another, we didn't have to go through that getting to know you rubbish. We were exactly where every couple wanted to be. We were comfortable in each others presence, we knew everything about each other and we were already living together. We had done our basic ground work without even realizing.
“Ryder,” she sobbed. “You know I love you-- just not in that way. Stop making this difficult for me.” She finally looked up and pulled away. With the back of her hand, she started to wipe the tears away. “Because I'll always choose him.”
I had lost and Ryan had won. She would pick him over me and it felt like someone had punched me hard in the chest. I moved out of her way and she left the room. What was I meant to do now?
She had made her choice. She had admitted she loved me-- like I wanted. She didn't want me in the same way I wanted her. She was going to move out now, that was for sure. I had some how managed to push her away with my just being honest.
Fool! Everything was perfect, why did I have to spoil it all. I would probably never even thought of it if it hadn't been for Tess.
Tess? I was meant to be meeting her today. Even though Jo didn't want me there was no point dragging things out with Tess. I didn't love her and I didn't really want to be with anyone else. Why didn't this all become clear years ago? I could have saved us both from the pain and anger. Right now, we could have built some sort of life for ourselves.
I couldn't stand here asking myself these questions. I had to get dressed and admit everything to Tess. She deserved to know where she stood and the thought of hurting someone else made me feel sick.
“Ryder!” Jo's voice screamed. “Come here!” I ran into the living room and she was standing in front of the television. She turned to look at me and just pointed at the TV.
It was Newsflash on one of those celebrity gossip channels and pictures of Tess were flashing up. At first I thought it was bad and then the presenter's voice started to speak.
“Tess Oliver's visit to New York this week was more pleasure than business. The 25 year old mega pop star has got engaged to her record producer boy friend” another picture of Tess holding hands with a tall dark skin man popped up to the screen. “The couple have been dating for 2 years. Tess's team did think he would pop the question in Europe early this month. However, she was kept waiting. We wish them both the best...”
“Switch it off” there was no emotion in my voice and I had to perch on the sofa. Jo did as I requested and now I felt used and dirty. The whole time had been a lie. Well, at least I didn't have to break up with her, I could confront her and maybe let out some of this pent up frustration.
I felt Jo sit down next to me and wrap her arm round my shoulder. “Ryder, I don't know what say.”
I closed my eyes and just took in that she was close to me. In spite of everything she was still by my side. She really was one in million and I couldn't lose her. Surely, I would be able to hide these feelings for her. I had managed to do so for years anyway.
“Please,” I begged, gripping hold of her free hand. “Don't move out.”
Her fingers started to rub along my knuckles. “Okay,” she whispered. “Okay.”

I quickly got dressed and raced to Tess's hotel suite. I knew she was there as she had called last night to make sure I was still going to meet her.
I had no idea what I was going to say or if she even knew it was all over the news. Either way, she was not going to get away this. The anger was still there. The feeling dirty had been replaced with humiliation. How much more could I take this day alone? At least on the bright side, Jo wasn't leaving me any time soon.
This was beginning to become a bit of a routine; making my way to her hotel suite and now we knew why. Our first date kept playing in my head-- why we couldn't be seen publicly, why she had choose the back to make her escape. It was nothing to do with protecting me. She just didn't want her record producing boyfriend to see the evidence of her betrayal.
I couldn't believe the first time I had put myself on the line like that someone had used and lied to me. It made me happy knowing Jo was still the only person I trusted and that made me love her even more.
I did my usual three knocks and she answered, dressed in some silk dressing gown. I hoped that wasn't for my benefit as it was completely wasted. The second I looked at her I knew she didn't have a clue. Her lips pouting and her eyes inviting me. I didn't say one word. I just followed her in and closed the door.
The second it clicked, she threw herself at me, her lips, trying to find mine, but I wasn't reacting the way I would have done a few weeks ago.
“What??” She asked innocently realizing I wasn't playing along. She took a step back and began to study me. “You okay?”
“No!”
“Why? What happened?”
I took a look at her left hand and there was no ring. She had no intention of telling me. Thankfully, that presenter had filled me in just in time. I shook my head and started pacing up and down the length of the room. She carried on watching, slightly amused by my behaviour. After all, it wasn't like I meant anything to her. I had been a hobby, something to fill in the gaps when she wasn't in New York. The more I thought about it the more I wanted to explode.
“Look!” She yelled and I stopped walking. “You have to tell me what exactly is going on. I am in the dark here!”
“You're in the dark” I said slowly. I wanted to burst out in a fit of laughter. She was complaining about her being in the dark? “I know, Tess. I know about your boyfriend.”
Nothing. She gave no reaction to anything I was saying. She had been caught out and she didn't care. She folded her arms and just shrugged.
“So?”
I narrowed my eyes. “So? That is all you can say? You have a boyfriend and you got engaged to him just yesterday. Are you not feeling mortified right now?” I ran my hands through my hair. She was unbelievable. Did she even have a conscience or a heart? “Exactly when were you going to tell me?”
“Never!” Her toned had changed to that spoilt brat voice. “It wasn't like we were madly in love or anything. After all,” I watched her lips curl into an evil grin. “Who could ever compare to your bestie Jo?”
I shook my head in annoyance. None of this mattered. She didn't care. I didn't care and she wasn't going to apologize. My time was wasted on her. I held my hand up and walked towards the door.
“Good bye, Tess” I added. “That poor man has no idea what hell you are going to make his life!” I slammed the door and started running down the hall.

I had to get away somewhere to clear my mind. I needed to be alone, to decide what or where I was going take my life. Fuck! There was only place I could go. Maybe... Just maybe I could turn to him and finally let him in my life. After all, I didn't have many other options left.
He was exactly where I predicted he would be. As I walked into his house, I could hear the classical music blasting through the house. I went to his office, he was sitting in his chair, resting his head back and his eyes closed. A bottle of Brandy and a glass sat in front of him on his desk. It reminded me of being a child, he would come in from work and me and Lara would race to get him his drink. Brandy—straight with one ice cube. He had always been fussy and particular.
His eyes slowly opened and focused on me in the doorway. “Ryder” he smiled, he actually looked pleased to see me. “Come in,” he waved. “Grab a glass and take a seat.” I did want he said as I sat I placed the glass on the desk. “What are you doing here?” He reached out for the Brandy bottle.
Now I was here I felt stupid, like he would want to hear my insignificant problems. He pushed the glass towards me and picked it up. I took a sip and the Brandy burned down my throat, but it tasted good.  
“Ryder,” My dad began his voice calm and relaxed. It actually took me by surprise. I hadn't heard him speak this way for a while. He was always so authorizing and tactless. “What's the matter?”
I took another sip and shrugged my shoulders. “Can't I just come and visit my dad” I managed to smile, but not for very long though. “You really don't want to hear it,” I laughed as I rested back in the chair and began to swirl the remaining Brandy in the glass.
He rested his hands on the table and sat up in his chair. “Try me? You may be surprised.”
I shrugged, what harm could come from this. “It's Jo,” I hesitated and was beginning to feel rather self-conscience. “I have discovered something about myself and her. Well, let's just say the feeling isn't mutual.” I downed the remaining drop of Brandy.
A silence fell upon us and his eyes were still firmly on me. He rubbed his chin and tilted his head. “And Tess? Where does she fit into all of this?”
“Tess is getting married” I laughed, I actually laughed at my own words. “I found out today she actually had a boyfriend and I have been just a past time.”
“I see” he nodded. “Jo doesn't love you back?”
“Not in the way I want-- no!”
“Mmmm,” he was rubbing his chin again. “You know she is lying to protect that waste of space she is with.” My eyes shot up from the glass and at my dad. His face full of concern, but he still looked very much in control.
“He's the one” I mimicked her voice. “I can hardly compete with that now, can I?”
It didn't last long, his fist slammed into the desk and I jumped out of my seat. “RYDER!” He yelled. “Have you not learned anything for me?” He let out a groan and rose from his chair. “Here are my three rules,” he pointed at me. “Listen and take it in, I won't tell you twice.” He put his hands behind his back and started pacing along his office. “ONE, locate your target. TWO, destroy competition” his eyes looked over at me. “Rip them apart if you have to. THREE, gain control and process!”
“Sounds like some flight pilot command” I cringed.
“No! These are my rules of business and they have never failed me.” His persona changed and his mouth twisted a little. “For fuck's sake!” He growled. “Look, if you don't get Jo to realize she loves you. Well,” he paused for a second to think. “I'll get you fired!” He flopped back in his seat.
My mouth opened wide in shock. “You can't do that.”
“I can and I will,” he huffed. “I have waited years for you to become normal and I will not allow you to sit back and let all this drift away.” He folded his arms. “Do something about it!”
I gave a little laugh, so that was his fatherly advice---'Do something about it!” I couldn't complain it was him all over, directly to the point. In a weird way it actually made sense.
Hadn't I already tried to do something about it and what was Jo's reaction, to leave...? The pain in my stomach began just at the thought of her not there. I knew deep down what the source of my problem was-- Ryan!
My dad's advice was good, but impossible to rely on. There was nothing I could do but wait for Ryan to mess up himself, which by his track record wouldn't be that long. It was as if I finally had come to a dead end and was in a no winning situation.
Patience seemed all I had left.
Chapter Seven
Trying to hold on
Life more or less got back on track and once again I found myself in my favourite place every night, the gym! Spending hours working out my frustration. I and Jo had somehow managed to get over the whole kiss and me declaring my love for her. That didn't mean I had given up, I was still waiting for that piece of scum to screw up.
I had just finished one of my gym sessions and was making my way home. I always enjoyed walking home from the gym, it helped to relax me and sometimes get a sense of normality. Even though I never actually spoke to anyone, in a way it helped me to socialize. I would give the odd smile to someone, maybe nod my head. Also, spending hours driving someone around, I needed to use my legs.
On this particular evening, I decided to take a different route and that's where I saw him walking out of a little restaurant. His arm draped round a black haired leggy slim woman.
I stopped in my tracks and watched as the pair started walking down the street. Could have been perfectly innocent if his hand wasn't now resting on the woman's arse. I pulled my baseball cap down slightly and decided to follow them.
It looked like they were heading towards an apartment complex and then I witnessed something unbelievable. She was fumbling around in her bag for something and out of nowhere he pushed her up against the door and started kissing her. Now, I knew this wasn't innocent. I thought about getting my phone out and taking a picture. What good was that going to do? I couldn't rub poor Jo's face in it.
I turned round and headed back onto my normal route home. What was I going to do? I knew deep down this was exactly what I had been waiting for. I couldn't give Jo the news that Ryan hadn't changed and was still cheating on her. Would she believe me if I told her? Most probably, after all, why would I make something up like this...?
I had to rush home and tell her. I had to save her from the humiliation, the pain and him! He no longer deserved her. He had one of the most beautiful, friendly, loyal, kind girlfriend in the whole of LA and he didn't appreciate it. Not one tiny bit. The more I thought about him, the angrier I got. A few times I thought about heading back and smashing his face in. Creep!
I finally got in and the flat was quiet, I glanced over at the clock. Jo would be home in ten minutes. I had ten short minutes to think about what I was going to say. Half of me didn't want to go through with it. While the other half knew I had no choice. Not because I wanted her—okay, yeah. I did, but it was out friendship and I wanted to be there to catch her when she fell.
I threw my baseball cap and bag to the ground. How? I was about to destroy her whole world and bring her pain. The exact same pain I had worried about since she read that email. I kept trying to tell myself I was doing this mainly out of love. That tiny nagging voice kept reminding me this is what I had longed for.
Was I being selfish or protecting her? Would she believe me or accuse me of lying? Would she still love me tomorrow or hate me for life? I guess the outcome was going to be what it should be and I didn't have a say in it.
I rested up against the wall and closed my eyes. Straight away like every other time I closed my eyes, I could imagine my lips on hers. Feel her body pressing into my mine and her intoxicating scent. My heart began to race and palms starting to get wet. My body reacted like that just by thought, if she was mine my whole body would be at her mercy.
I slowly took in a deep breath and opened my eyes. I had to do this, I had no choice. I couldn't lie to her, I loved her too much. I would have to live with whatever she decided—this was my final chance and I had to grab it with both hands and leave it up to fate.
I decided to head into my room and switched the radio on. The Kings of Leon-Closer filled my room. I dropped onto the bed and started listening to the lyrics. It seemed to give my thoughts a rest.
I closed my eyes. It was weird as if my thoughts and the lyrics merged together. Every single moment of my life with Jo flashed before me. I could feel my eyes dampen, I loved her too much.
“Ryder” I heard someone call out. “Ryder!” I slowly opened my eyes and her face was beaming down at me. “Hey,” she softly smiled. “Sorry, I stopped off to grab some food. Are you hungry?” I nodded, not able to speak. She left my room and my eyes followed her out.
I wiped away any remains of my tears. That was such a girly thing to do. I shook my head and stood up. This was it the women I loved was about to fall to pieces right in front of me. I walked into the living room and she was sitting on the sofa.
“I got us cheap booze and cheap Chinese,” she winked. “Just the way my man likes it!” I opened my mouth to say something but immediately declined. I knew there was nothing meant in her words. I wasn't her man just a friend!
I managed to fake a grin. “Only my girl could pull off that!” I winked back and sat down beside. I watched as she poured me a glass of wine. “Had a good day?”
She chuckled to herself as she dished out the food from the plastic pots. “Same old” I almost had a heart attack as she licked some sauce off her finger. This was going to be harder than I thought. “You?” She asked as she handed me a plate full of food.
I shrugged my shoulders, took the plate off her and got comfy on the sofa. Maybe I should wait till she had drunk a few more glasses of wine. It might help with lighting the blow. We both started eating in silence.
“This is nice,” she sighed. “I have missed this.”
“Yeah, me too” I mumbled, for all I knew this was maybe the last time we ever did this. I looked over at Jo from the corner of my eye. She was sitting cross legged and seemed happy, content and I now felt like the big bad wolf.
“More wine?” she asked.
“No.” I put my plate down and rubbed my face. I had to do it now. If I left it any longer I would bottle out and Ryan would be able to hurt her all over again. Then she wouldn't hate you! No, I couldn't allow her to carry on while he was cheating behind her back. She had the right to know. “Jo,”
Her big green eyes turned to me and she was giving the biggest smile I had seen in a while. I didn't care if she would hate me as I already loathed myself.
“Ryder,” her voice full of concern. “You're shaking!”
She was right, I was shaking and my mouth had gone dry. I couldn't look at her as I began to confess what I had witnessed this evening. I couldn't watch as her world came crashing down around her.
I began to fidget in my seat and I took in a deep breath. Now. I had to do this now.... “I don't want to be the one to say this to you, Jo. Please remember, I love you and will do everything in my power to avoid you getting hurt.”
“Ryder?” her voice sounded puzzled. “Are you okay?”
I raised my hand up to stop her in her tracks. “Let me say this quickly... I saw Ryan today and he wasn't alone.” I took a sneaky peek at her, she seemed fine. I had her full attention, but she was fine. Relief hit me. I could get through the next bit calmer. “He was with another woman and I saw them kissing!”
She jumped up off the sofa and started walking around the living room. One minute her hand was over her mouth, then in hair and then SLAP!! The palm of her hand smacked me across my face.
“Liar!” She screamed, standing before me.
My cheek stung, I had never considered that as a reaction. Then Jo always had been unpredictable. I watched as she dropped to her knees putting her head in her hands and sobbed hard. I wanted to reach out and hold her, but I had a feeling I would end up getting slapped again.
She was shaking her head now. “Why would you make something like this up, Ryder? Why would you say something cruel, especially to me?”
I climbed off the sofa and kneeled on the floor in front of her. My hand reached out and touched her shoulder, she flinched, but she didn't deny my contact. “I am not lying. I would never lie to you...”
She removed her hands from her face and the tears were streaming down her cheeks. “I know why you would,” she sobbed.
“No,” I reached out for her and pulled her onto my lap, holding her tight and brushing her hair away from her wet face. “Jo, I would never do anything to hurt you. That was difficult for me to do. I have been debating with myself whether I should or not of told you.”
“Keep telling yourself that” she hissed, she pushed herself away from me and stood up. “I never thought you would sink this low.” Her eyes glared at me with pure hatred. “I told you I don't love you that way, but you have to keep going on... I actually believed” she gave a little laugh. “That everything was back to normal, but nothing has changed, has it?” She grabbed hold of her bag and slipped her shoes on.
“Where are you going?”
She made her way to the front door and opened it. “As far away from you as I can get!” With that, she slammed the door behind her.
I didn't know what to do, I was numb. I couldn't manage to get up and run after her. What had I done?
Chapter Eight
Crashing from the height
I couldn't bear to go to work, I had to stay here and wait for Jo to return. I hadn't slept all night, and Jo hadn't come home. I had tried to ring her, but her mobile was switched off. I was going out of my head with worry. I sort of had a funny idea where she had gone. To him!
Had she confronted him? And what lies had he filled her head with? Like it even mattered, I was the bad guy in all of this. I heard the lock click and jumped up from the sofa. It wasn't her... Ryan stood in my flat holding on to Jo's keys. His eyes scowling at me and his mouth tight.
“What?” I snapped.
“You!” He snorted. “Trying to split me and Jo up.” He shook his head and gave that smug grin you just wanted to punch off his face. “Got to hand it to you though, you never give up.”
“What are you doing here and where is Jo?” I asked, ignoring his stupid remark. Although, by the sound of it Jo had told him everything. It angered me that he was gloating. How could Jo be so stupid? Then her words hit me hard, 'You know I love you-- just not in that way. Stop making this difficult for me. Because I will always choose him'-- by the look of things, she had certainly done that.
He started wandering around my living room as if he owned the place. “She has decided to move in with me,” he smiled. “Which I'm happy about.”
“Why are you doing this?” I hissed, my eyes following his every movement. “You don't even love her, Ryan. I saw you kissing that woman! All you ever do is hurt her!”
“And she always comes running back,” he sang.
“Only because you brain wash her with your shit!” I ran my hands through my hair. “I won't let you hurt her anymore. I will do whatever it takes to make her see sense.”
“HA!” He yelled. “You'll have a hard job... She hates you, Ryder! Face it, the best man won. Back down if you know what's good for you.”
“Get out” I hissed, my jaw tight and hands clenching into fists. I knew he was waiting for me to hit him. He wanted that, he wanted to run back to Jo and show her my damage. “GET OUT!!” I screamed.
He slowly made his way to the front door. “It's over, Ryder. She's gone!” I ran over, opened the door and pushed him out. “And I didn't even have to make her leave!” I slammed the door in his face.
I rested up against it and tried to control my anger. I had to talk to her. I had to make her see sense. I looked over at the clock. She would be at work by now. There was no way I was going to stand back and allow him to get away with what he did. Most of all, I couldn't lose her. I couldn't survive anything without her by my side.

I charged in and started scanning the bar and my eyes fell on Jo, standing behind the bar chatting to one of the regulars. She looked up and her face fell. She slowly shook her head and disappeared out into the back. She was avoiding me, I didn't care, and I would stay here all night till she spoke to me.
I took a seat at the bar and decided to make myself comfortable, as I had no idea how long my duration would last.
“Hey Ryder,” said a cheery voice, I looked up and it was the bar owner. “Haven't seen you here in a while, what can I get you?”
“Don't serve him, Kev” Jo bellowed, coming up behind him. She was still giving me the evil glare. “He isn't staying.”
“Mmmm” I started to think. “I will have...”
“He’s not having anything” Jo snarled.
“I will have a beer, please, Kev” I said ignoring Jo. Kev did the same and when to the fridge to get a bottle.
Jo folded her arms and stood back and watched as the bottle was opened and placed in front of me. “Fine!” she snapped as she stamped her foot. She leaned over towards me. “One. Then you will leave.”
I gave a little smile as I picked up the bottle. “Don't count on it!” I took a gulp of the cold beer--- god, I needed it.
“I know what you're trying to do Ryder” I could almost hear a laugh at the back of her throat. “But it ain't happening!” She gave another one of her famous evil glares and got back to work. It looked like I was sitting here a long time then.
“Why are you still here?” Jo screeched as she returned back from her break. Indeed I was, I had sat at this bar for three hours and was enjoying my fourth beer. “Why are you stubborn, Ryder Hilton?”
“Talk to me and I will go” I smiled.
She looked down at her watch. “You have five minutes,” she nodded over to a quiet corner at the back. “Then YOUR leave!”
I got up and finally my legs came back to life. “We will see” I teased as I made my way over to where she had suggested. I sat down and Jo followed my lead. Now, I had got what I wanted but had no idea what I was going to say. We sat in silence. Jo was looking down at her hands. She looked child like, fragile, all I wanted to do was scoop her up and take her somewhere safe.
Her green eyes locked with mine. “You wanted to talk. So, talk!”
I leaned back and let out some air from my mouth. “Don't move out” I begged. “Please Jo, don't do this...”
“Enough” She said, cutting me off. “What has happened to you, Ryder?” Her eyes sad and heavy. “You have turned into a complete stranger. This obsession you have with us is unhealthy and I can not be around you.”
Her words were like a knife stabbing straight through the heart. My best friend and the woman I loved didn't want to be around me. Now it was my world crashing around me.
“Don't say that, please...”
She slowly got up from the table and her eyes never left mine. “I am sorry, Ryder. This has to end and I have to do it.” She leaned over and placed a sweet kiss on my cheek. “Good bye.”
I watched her walk away and get back to work. That was it that was our final goodbye. I placed my head on the hard wooden table. Something inside me had died and I was unable to move. I didn't care if anyone was watching as my tears began to flow.
Goodbye---had she actually said that? Surely, it wasn't final, how could there ever be a final goodbye between me and Jo. How would I cope without her being there?
My life had changed and I was the cause of it. Wasn't she the one who said '.When you fall in love with someone you want them any way you can get them—Even if they break your heart' Well, I had done that.. Why couldn't she see it? She hadn't intentionally broken my heart on purpose. I had somehow managed to do that single handed.
Then the pain kicked in and the thought that I had pushed her away and made her leave her home. Nothing would ever feel or seem the same again. My life was over!
Chapter Nine
Dreaming for so long
Friday
They say time is a good healer, but as the days went by, my grieving seemed to get worse. I couldn't face going to work, going to the gym or any other parts of normal day to day life. Each day that went by I would slip deeper and deeper into the black hole. The nights were more problems than the days. The night never seemed to end and the dark seemed to drag on.
My phone was constantly ringing, my father screaming down the answering machine. He didn't bother me for the first time ever. My thoughts were constantly with Jo. Our final goodbye played in my head in constant loops.
I couldn't eat. The stabbing pain became a never ending occurrence. I was a mess and truthfully, I didn't want it to stop. While I was like this my feelings for Jo had been real and it wasn't something I had dreamed about.
Monday
A whole week now and nothing. I keep hoping she will call or come round. I am staring at pictures of her for hours on end, just in case that one day I forget what she looks like.
I wonder how she is doing. Is she hurting this much? I doubt it, after she has her one.
Wednesday
I keep waiting for another emotion kick in... Maybe hatred or anger, but nothing. I keep thinking about death, I wonder when you die does all the pain, thoughts and feelings disappear? Right now, death seems a wonderful escape....
BANG!
BANG!
“Look at the fucking state of you!” Yelled a voice, I opened my eyes and quickly closed them again.
“Go away” I croaked my throat sore and dry. “Please.”
“Get up,” he whipped the covers off me. “No son of mine acts this way. This place stinks and you stink! GET UP!” I refused to oblige. “I swear to god, Ryder. You get up or I'll drag you out of that bed and throw you in the shower myself!”
I finally sat up. “Why?”
He stood up straight and pushed his chest out. His eyes gave a glint of concern. “Jo called me and said she was concerned.” The word Jo caught my attention. “She said she had been trying to get her stuff but she couldn't get into the flat.”
“I bolted the door” I explained. I narrowed my eyes and rubbed my brow. “Wait! How did you get in?”
“I Got the caretaker to unlock the door and then well,” he raised an eyebrow. “I need to get you a new door.” He sat down on the edge of the bed and looked down at his hands. “What's going on, Ryder? Why haven't you gone to work?”
“I don't want to,” I snapped.
“For crying out loud,” he yelled, I knew he wouldn't be able to play the concerned father for long. “Snap out it!”
“What do you know about it?” I yelled back him. “I am sick to death with you shouting out your orders. Haven't you ever lost someone that meant the world to you?”
He slowly closed his eyes and bowed his head down. Now I felt really bad. I wished I could take my words back, as I knew he had lost someone, someone he loved more than anything. His rock, his soul mate, the love of his life....my mother.
“Dad,” I sighed. “I am sorry, I wasn't thinking...”
“No!” He opened his eyes and restored himself. “When your Mum, did what she did...” his voice trailed off and his eyes focused on something in front of him.
“She killed herself, Dad,” I looked down at my hands. “You can say it out loud. I'm not a kid anymore.”
“Well,” he shrugged. “I wanted to pick that gun up and shoot myself in the head too. You know what stopped me?” His eyes slowly turned to me. “You, I heard you crying from your crib and I knew I could never be selfish like her. You and Lara needed me.” He took in a deep breath. “I guess that's why I order you around. I want you to have everything and I cannot bear to see you like this, Ryder.”
“What am I meant to do?” My voice ripped with sadness.
His hand rested on my shoulder. “The same thing we all have to do one moment or another in our lives-- Move on!” His grip tightened. “It's her lost, son... She doesn't deserve you and you shouldn't waste anymore time on her.”
I slowly nodded, he was right. I had done enough grieving for something that never was. My dad was my inspiration, after everything he had been through, he wasn't hiding away. Now, I felt stupid and pathetic, to be truthful I did stink.
For the first time in what felt like a lifetime I smiled. “So,” I laughed. “You owe me a new door, huh?”
***
I got back into my normal routine, work, gym and sleep. The pain was easing slightly and work seemed to help with clearing my mind. Sometimes, on the walk home from the gym, I did think about going to the bar and seeing her. Not to cause trouble but just to make sure she was okay. Make sure he hadn't caused her any harm or pain.
Some reason, I never allowed myself to get any further than the door. I didn't know what would happen once I was near her.
My dad was driving me crazy, calling and checking in with me every day. I knew he was making sure I was okay, but it was starting to get suffocated.
Another day had finished and I made my way up to my flat. Shower, something to eat and bed. Tomorrow was going to be Saturday, an early night was needed and I knew I would be spending the whole day in the gym.
I put the key in the lock and opened my shiny new white door. I was hit by something cooking in the kitchen. I dumped my bag down and ran into the kitchen.
I didn't know what to do...
Chapter Ten
The story's over now... The end
Should I run and leave or go over and hug her hard. This was almost dreamlike. Jo was floating round the kitchen cooking and hadn't even noticed me standing in the doorway.
In slow motion she turned round to face me, her eyes widened and within a flash she ran over, wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled my face down. Her lips pressed against mine and I was stunned. Slowly, I began to kiss back. At first, gently and sweetly. Something took over, the hunger and the need for her flooded through my veins. My fingers knotted up in her hair and I couldn't bare her lips to leave mine.
“I'm sorry,” she groaned. “I am really sorry.”
“Shh” I breathed kissing her again. I scooped her up in my arms and carried into the living room. I laid her down on the sofa and looked down at her.
Her big green eyes staring up at me and her arms still wrapped round my neck. “I'm sorry,” she cried. “I have been stupid and blind.”
“Please,” I kissed her cheek. “I am the one who should be sorry.”
“You were honest with me and I lied to your face, Ryder.” One of her hands moved to the side of my face and fell into her touch. Was all this happening? Was I actually awake? I closed my eyes and when I opened them she was still there.
Her eyes welled up with tears and she swallowed hard. “I love you. I love you so much it scares me and I didn't know how to deal with it. This last week my life has been hell without you. I need you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.”
I rested my forehead with hers. Her words were like music to my ears. I had waited forever for her to finally admit she felt exactly the same as me.
***
I must of fallen asleep, when I woke up Jo was nowhere around me. I jumped up in a panic and my eyes fell on her standing on the balcony that led from our living room. She was wearing my white shirt, the one she had brought me. The LA sunset was shimmering on her bare olive skin legs, a light breeze moved through her hair. I could and stand and watch her forever, at least now she was giving me the chance.
I walked over to her, wrapped my arms around her waist and rested my head on her shoulder. She turned and gave me a little kiss on my cheeks. She rested her head back and closed her eyes. This felt right. We should have been doing this years ago. How could we both of been so blind?
“It's funny,” she exhaled. “How everything can change like that,” she clicked her fingers. “I guess I always secretly knew, but I choose to ignore it out of fear.”
“Fear?”
“Yep, there's always been this part of me that was scared of losing you. Last week was hell, not being able to talk to you, see you” her voice trailed off. “And touch you.” My grip on her tightened. “It was then everything finally fell into place.”
“What did he do?”
She gave a little laugh. “He forgot I was there in the background and made a phone call to that woman you saw him with.”
“What's funny about that?”
“I didn't care,” she turned round to face me. “I thought I should of let Ryder beat you up in that club.” She draped her arms around my neck. “I am truly sorry. Your dad told me everything and I feel bad—it was my fault.”
“Shh” I whispered, kissing her forehead. “You needed time and just over reacted. Let's never mention this again,” she gave a little nod. “We are together now and nothing else matters.”
She hugged me hard and pulled away with a slight grin on her face. “I guess we should think about getting a lodger now?”
“How come?” I raised an eyebrow and was very intrigued.
“We will have a spare room now,” she smiled, she pulled my head down and our lips collided it a beautiful passionate kiss. I always say this, but it was the best kiss of my life.
Chapter Eleven
I'm not blind anymore... I'm wide awake
Everything does happen for a reason. That much I know now... If my Mum hadn't killed herself we wouldn't have moved to LA. If I hadn't fallen on my first day of school, I wouldn't have met Jo. If Tess hadn't made me realize my feelings for Jo, I would be still in the dark.
You can never predict what life hands out to you. You'll never be able to change your parents or your family (Lara!). When you need help, you should let them in. You'll never match up with someone else (my dad) they can inspire you and give you guidance.
Never do what people suggest you should, after all they don't know how you feel exactly. That's why now I only listen to my heart. You should never ignore it... Always follow.
I did and now I have my Jo and for the first time in my whole entire life..... I'm wide awake.
More books by Kam Carr

Bring me to life (Golden collection #1)
Sweet Immortal (Golden collection #2)
The Mercy of Devotion. 
Bad Student
Closer- the full curse
The golden collection

All available at Smashwords.

