

One Sweet Summer
A Mermaid Isle Romance
By Cali MacKay
One Sweet Summer
A Mermaid Isle Romance
By Cali MacKay

Copyright © 2012 by Cali MacKay
Published by Cali MacKay 
Http://calimackay.com 

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher
except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.  The story contained within is the work of fiction.  Names and characters are the product of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to actual person’s living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Printed in the United States of America
First Printing, 2012, Smashwords edition 1.0
ISBN:  978-1-940041-13-1
***  This book is dedicated to Joe, Maeve and Amelia, and to my critique partners, fellow authors, and dedicated readers who are always so willing to go out of their way to help make my books a success.*** 


Chapter One

Riley fought to take a breath, the news hitting her like a sucker punch to the gut, her world crumbling out from under her. “You can’t sell the inn. It’s the heart of the island. It’s my home.”
She knew business had slowed with the downturn in the economy, but they’d managed to stay profitable, even if the numbers were down. She’d hosted conferences and booked more weddings, kept the numbers up for the artist retreats, and even held treasure hunts for the legendary Mermaid Isle pirate treasure. They’d all busted their butts to make sure the inn stayed afloat. It was just a rough patch they’d need to ride out, but they’d been through worse and managed to pull through.
“Riley, you’ve done an amazing job running the place, and it’s because of you that we’ve managed to hold on as long as we have. But the roof will need to be replaced in the next year or two, and the entire place needs to be updated. We just don’t have the money to keep up with everything that’s needed, and the truth is, we’re getting old. We want to retire while we’re still young enough to enjoy it.” Jack reached over and took Ava’s hand, giving her a smile. Married forty years and still in love like they were teenagers.
She could only be so lucky to find love like that someday.
Ava’s easy smile could normally part the grayest clouds, yet today, it did little to take the edge off Riley’s nerves. “We weren’t looking to sell just yet, but we got an offer out of the blue. We couldn’t refuse, Riley, but we negotiated your position into the sale, so you’ll have nothing to worry about. You have the option to continue working at the Siren Song Inn or you can take the generous severance package they’re offering. We’re hoping you’ll stay, though. It’ll be easier for us to leave the place if we know you’ll still be here to take care of it.”
At least she could still stay if she wanted to. Not that it would be the same with Jack and Ava gone and new owners at the helm. They’d want to change it. Turn it into another cookie-cutter hotel. Gone would be her artist’s collective and the herbalist conference. And who knew what they’d do with the century-old cottages.
Maybe if it was an individual or a couple rather than some corporation. They might stand a chance then. “Who’s bought the Siren?”
As if reading her thoughts, Jack frowned. “Holt Enterprises. They’re big, but promised to let you take the lead on the changes they’ll be making.”
Yeah…and dreams were made of cotton candy and gumdrops. She bit back a groan, not wanting to make this anymore difficult on Jack and Ava than it already was. “Where will you go?” Now that she’d made Mermaid Isle her home, she couldn’t imagine living anywhere else.
“Honey, another Maine winter will do us in.” Jack sat back and laughed. “I want sun and warm waters. Sandy beaches that I can walk on without getting swept out to sea. Drinks I can sip out of a coconut or pineapple and are loaded up with rum.”
Riley wanted to protest that they could have those things here, but knew it wasn’t the same. And Jack was right—the winters could be harsh this far north, even if they were still in the southern part of Maine.
“Might do a bit of traveling before we settle down.” Ava looked at her, her motherly concern still worrying her brown eyes. “But we’ll come back during the summers. And we’ll stay in touch. We’ll only be a phone call or email away—not to mention all the current technology. What’s it called? Swipe?”
That made Riley laugh. “The world must be coming to an end then, if I’m going to finally get you two to go online and actually answer emails.”
“You’ll manage just fine, my dear.” Ava got to her feet and Jack followed suit. “If anything, you might finally get the funds to do all those things you’ve been wanting to do here at the Siren. Change is good.”
“When? When will the sale be finalized?” Riley’s breath hitched as she waited for an answer. She’d come here every summer as a child, worked at the inn during her vacations once she’d turned eighteen, and then full-time straight out of college. It was where she’d grown up, where she’d fallen in love for the first time. It was all she knew, all she loved—and she’d given it her all.
“In two weeks. And don’t worry—we’ll tell the others.” Ava gave her a big hug. “Just remember, this will always be the Siren Song Inn. As long as you’re here, the heart of it will never change.”
“I hope you’re right.” She couldn’t bear to think of the Siren changing so much it no longer felt like home.
Riley waited for Jack and Ava to leave her office and then collapsed into her chair, tears stinging her eyes as she tried to swallow down the golf ball-sized lump in her throat. She knew they’d been looking to retire, but she hadn’t expected them to sell the place. Not that she held it against them—all their money was tied up in the inn, and they’d never be able to retire without freeing up those funds.
She thought of what the Siren meant to so many people. Cultivated over the years to be an artist’s retreat, there was a long list of people who came year after year to meet with other like-minded folks, and be inspired by the rugged natural beauty and colorful town.
Unlike other places that catered only to the rich and well off, Mermaid Isle was more approachable and far more unique than any other resort town Riley had ever been to, especially given its long history. Legend had it that thieves and pirates had stashed their plunder in one of the many caves that could be found on the island, and later, it was settled by a small group of women who’d come north to escape the witch trials that reached far past Salem. Add to that the commune that blossomed in the sixties and the artisans that flocked to it in the last few decades, and it would be impossible to duplicate the character of the island and its people.
But with the Siren under new ownership, everything might change, and it could easily devastate the island’s economy. There were a handful of small bed and breakfasts, but the inn was at the heart of the island and it was their constant influx of guests that kept the money flowing—guests that could appreciate the island’s quirky nature.
She’d just have to make sure she held onto the reins. There was more at stake than just the inn or her job.
Checking the time, she went to the front desk and grabbed the keys to the van, hoping that the drive into town would help clear her head. “I’ll go grab the next group of visitors coming in on the ferry.”
Logan gave her a small frown, his blue eyes filled with worry, though handsome as he was, he even made devastation look good. He stepped away from the front counter where’d he’d been dealing with some paperwork, and pulled her into a hug, kissing the top of her head. “I just heard. I’m really sorry, Riley. But it could be good, right?”
She managed a smile, knowing it was important to stay positive for the troops. Slipping out of the comfort of his arms, she did her best to push her concerns and apprehensions aside. “Exactly. Everything will work out fine. And just think of all the things we can do if we have a bit of money coming in. Might finally be able to give the rooms that remodel we’ve been dreaming of.”
She’d have to make it work. Failure wasn’t an option—not when there was so much on the line. She’d put far too much of herself into the inn to have it all go to hell. And if Holt Enterprises thought they could just come in and bulldoze everything she’d worked so hard to build and care for, then they had better get ready for a fight.
Stay positive, she reminded herself. It didn’t have to be all doom and gloom. Holt might only make a few changes while providing a good infusion of much-needed cash to remodel the place.
With new plans and ideas running through her head, Riley drove the van down to the center of town, taking in the late summer sun and the bustling shops as she made her way to the port. It really was a special place, the brightly colored shingled cottages playing up against the blue sky and sea, while riots of flowers poured out of window boxes. She pulled up by the landing just as the ferry docked and started to unload its passengers. Perfect timing.
There were two ways to get to Mermaid Isle. There was a ferry that left Portland and was convenient for those guests coming from Boston or other points south, and then there was a bridge that connected the island to the mainland an hour north of Portland. During the summer, most opted for the ferry. Some even brought their cars, though most made do with the hotel’s bikes or rented a scooter from a shop in town. But in the winter time, Riley usually recommended the bridge since the winter seas could be rough and unpredictable, and service was limited.
With the hotel’s name emblazoned on the side of the van, she waited for her group to arrive, clipboard in hand. One newlywed couple, three writers who’d signed up for their Romancing the Isle writer’s workshop, and two other individuals who had booked separately. Watching the crowds come in off the ferry, Riley knew there would be a fair number of people who would day-trip it, and take the evening ferry home, but it was the ones who stayed, even just a night or two, who usually came back time and again.
A group of women, ranging from their forties to sixties, laughed and chatted their way off the boat and wandered over, wide-brimmed straw hats atop each head and sundresses flowing in the summer breeze. Her romance writers—the ones who had been to the inn previously and decided to add a few days to their workshop by coming early. “Welcome to Mermaid Isle. Jan, Pat, Diane—so nice to see you again.”
One after another, the trio gave her a big hug. Pat took the lead. “Not a chance in hell we’d miss this workshop. And I hope you still have that cutie, Logan, working for you. He’s the inspiration for my next hero. Tall, dark hair, those blue eyes—not to mention that build.”
Jan nudged her friend. “You haven’t stopped talking about him since we were last here. Riley, you best warn the poor man. This one here’s up to no good. She’ll be dropping things left and right just to get him to bend over and pick them up.”
Riley had to smile, her worries drifting away on the women’s laughter. She leaned over for a mock whisper. “Well, he does have a nice butt, but don’t tell him I said so or I’ll never hear the end of it.”
“I don’t know what you’re waiting for, honey. If it were me, I’d be trying out a new scene every night of the week with him in the leading role.” Diane threw her head back and laughed, before turning to the other writers. “That man is book cover material.”
Riley would not tell them that she’d dated Logan on and off, knowing the writers would attempt to get them back together, when they were better off just being friends.
Pat put a hand on Diane’s arm. “Don’t go forgetting the rest of them. What were their names?”
Diane shrugged with a laugh. “Couldn’t tell you. My eyes weren’t on their nametags.”
The writers laughed their way onto the bus as a good-looking couple in their early thirties approached and introduced themselves. “Ken and Emma Murray.”
Riley welcomed them to the island and checked them off her list when her attention was pulled in a completely different direction. Given the constant stream of visitors they got on the island, there weren’t many men who could have her doing a double-take, but damn if this one didn’t have her heart forgetting how to beat properly. And he was walking towards her, his long stride eating up the distance between them.
The man was…tall. And…words failed her. Despite the cotton tee and worn jeans, he looked like a Viking god, his honey-colored hair just long enough to make a girl want to run her fingers through it, his strong jaw covered in several days’ growth. There was an ease to his step and demeanor despite his muscular build, like he was comfortable in his body and knew how to use it.
He shifted the large duffel he was carrying and gave her a smile that had her blushing, while his blue eyes held her captive in his gaze. “Hey there, darling.”
Darling, eh? She liked it. And he had an accent—something European. Well-schooled and definitely English but with a little bit of something else thrown in.
“Welcome to Mermaid Isle.” Her heart nearly stuttered along with her mouth. She glanced at her clipboard. The name wasn’t familiar, but there was something about him…those eyes, the accent. And there was only one person who’d ever had such an immediate effect on her. “Thorsen Black?”
“That would be me.” His smile kicked up a notch, his gaze making her feel like she was the only person there. “And you could only be Riley. Riley Carter.”
“That’s me. Have you been to the Siren Song Inn before?” She must have had her head stuck in a hole to not notice him the last time he’d come to the inn. Even the writers were opening the windows on the bus and jostling for a better view.
“You don’t remember me, do you?” The humor in his smile had her wondering when they’d last met. “Think back to when we were teenagers. You got yourself stuck on the cliff…”
“Oh, god…” She squeezed her eyes shut and cringed.
That had been one of the most embarrassing moments of her life, and one she thought she’d left behind along with her braces and training bras. Memories of that summer flooded her head as she thought of the teenage boy who’d saved her that day. He’d ended up being her first true love—and her first. But…she looked at the name. It was different to what she remembered.
He must have seen her confusion. “I used to go by my middle name back then—Eirik.”
Eirik Black. That was the name she remembered.
How often had she thought of him over the years? Maybe it was because their summer together—and the one after that—had been magical and he’d been the first guy she’d fallen in love with. But it seemed like no other relationship ever came close to measuring up. Not even the good ones.
“I can’t believe it’s you.” With her heart racing erratically, she gave him a quick hug, not quite believing Eirik—Thorsen—was standing in front of her. “How have you been?”
“Good. You?”
Someone cleared their throat, keeping them from reminiscing further. Riley turned to find the last person on her list. “Anna Blake?”
“It is.” A smile graced her face for no more than a second before fading to a no-nonsense demeanor.
“Well…welcome to the island.” Riley managed a smile, though the woman before her didn’t exactly inspire the warm and fuzzies.
Though everyone had their own sense of style, Anna’s outfit didn’t exactly say summer vacation—business attire head to toe, the woman looked like she was a lawyer. Dark suit jacket, even in the middle of summer, paired with a slim skirt and white blouse, heels that looked better suited to Manhattan than Maine, and blonde hair that was perfectly styled and probably cost hundreds to cut and an hour to style. They hadn’t scheduled any corporate events, since most of their summer business came from vacationing tourists.
Riley got a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach as she rechecked the name on her list. Anna Blake. There was no company listed near her name. Not that there would be. She managed another smile, though she couldn’t help but wonder if Anna was from Holt Enterprises. “That’s everyone. If you’d like to grab a seat on the bus, we’ll get going.”
Thorsen stepped to the side to let Anna go first, leaving them alone for the moment—if one didn’t count the gaggle of romance writers watching their every move. He was only inches away and giving her a smile that had her toes curling, her breath catching, and her pulse doing cartwheels. “I know you’ll be working, but I’d love to get together and catch up. It’s been ages.”
She melted into those blue eyes, her gaze darting to those lush lips of his as her mind and body vividly imagined what it would be like to kiss him after all these years. Giving him a smile, she managed to concentrate long enough to give him an answer, though her voice came out all breathy, betraying the effect he was having on her. “I might be able to swing that.”


Chapter Two

Thorsen could barely pull his gaze away from Riley long enough to take in the island. As a seventeen-year-old boy, he’d been absolutely smitten with her, head over heels in love, and their two summers together nowhere near long enough.
And now? He was in no better shape than he’d been back then. The feelings he’d once had for her seemed to hit him like a runaway train, though he wondered if they’d ever really left him. Perhaps he’d just tucked them away in a safe place, knowing that until now, his life was too chaotic to accommodate anything more than a quick hook-up.
And Riley sure as hell was not just hook-up material.
She’d been sweet and cute when they’d been teens, but now she was nothing short of a natural beauty. Her long dark brown hair caught the sun so it shone with shades of red, and freckles danced across her cheeks, making her green eyes sparkle. His only regret was that he’d lost track of her after their last summer together. They’d tried to stay in touch, but Thorsen had been sent back to England to finish his last year of boarding school. The heavy workload and the strict school rules hadn’t allowed for many distractions.
Well, this time around, he wasn’t going anywhere. He’d spent the years since that last summer thinking about her, wanting her—replaying their one time together over and over in his head, their intimate moment stolen the night before he flew back home to England. There may have been others since then, but he knew no one else would truly do.
He’d dated plenty, but they’d been nothing more than a way to keep his mind off Riley. How many times had he thought of tracking her down? It would have been simple enough to do, and yet she would have been nothing but a temptation he couldn’t pursue, given the work he’d been doing for Interpol. Any sort of serious relationship would only have put her in jeopardy, and that wasn’t a risk he’d been willing to take.
But now? He’d switched gears professionally, and that meant he could finally think of settling down to a normal life, and go after the one and only thing he’d ever wanted—Riley.
A wave of memories hit him as they rounded the corner in the road and he saw it off in the distance. The Siren Song Inn. The sprawling estate was just as he remembered it.
Originally built during the late eighteen hundreds as a summer getaway and health resort, it had changed very little from its original blueprint. Painted a cheery yellow with white shutters and trim, the Siren was made picture-perfect with flower boxes added to every window while the sea and sky served as an ever-changing backdrop. A farmer’s porch wrapped all the way around the building, and rocking chairs afforded the guests a place to sit, so they could enjoy the view with their company. It was everything one could want in a summer resort.
And yet it was so much more.
Though he hadn’t been at the helm of the family business long, Riley and the Siren Song Inn had never left his mind for long. Fueled by his memories of the perfect summers he’d spent on Mermaid Isle, it didn’t take long for Thorsen to convince the other board members that it would be a sound investment. Days later, they’d made a generous offer on the Siren.
The fact that Riley was the manager seemed serendipitous. If he’d had any doubts as to whether or not to buy the quaint inn by the cliffs, that was enough to have him signing on the dotted line.
Not that Riley could know he was the head of Holt Enterprises—not yet anyway. Given his complicated dealings with Interpol, only the members on the board and a handful of lawyers knew of his standing and his involvement at Holt. And, he’d like to make sure it stayed that way. Though he might no longer be actively working with Interpol, it made little difference to the enemies he’d made over the years.
Not even Anna Blake knew she was sitting on the bus with one of her bosses—though what exactly she was doing on the island remained to be seen. He suspected his cousin, Mark, was behind it.
Mark had been hoping Thorsen would remain a silent partner, so he could gain control of Holt. Unfortunately, his cousin had been sorely disappointed, and given that they’d never liked each other much to begin with, the tension between them had only grown in the last few months.
Buying the inn had been a controversial move, but it would be even more so if it didn’t soon turn a nice profit. Though Thorsen held controlling interest in Holt, he still had board members to appease, and the last thing he wanted was a coup—one Mark would happily lead with torches and pitchforks.
Having inherited his position in the company, every business decision he made was being questioned and scrutinized, and too many unhappy board members could mean losing control of his family’s company. He owned the largest percentage compared to the other members; however, their sum total could override him in a decision. It was a precarious position to be in.
The bus pulled to a stop, though Thorsen held back and let everyone else get off first with the hope of getting Riley to himself, even if for a moment. A trio of women ogled him quite blatantly, but he just had to smile, flattered. Once he and Riley were the last two on the bus, he moved towards the exit where she stood.
She gave him a tentative smile. “I’m afraid you might get more of that…we’ve got a romance writer’s conference going on, and let’s just say, the ladies like their leading men and have a wild imagination.”
He barked out a laugh. “That explains it then. Do you do a lot of that sort of thing here at the inn?”
“It helps keep the place full. We’ve managed better than most places with the slow economy, but…” Worry clouded over her eyes and her shoulders slumped, though she was quick to recover. “It’s all good. This place has been around too long to not adapt and survive.”
“I’m glad to hear it.” He smiled and followed her off the bus.
Several inn employees were there to help them with their luggage and to check them in, and it didn’t take long before he had his key card in hand. He lingered until she had a free moment, still desperate to talk to her some more. “I know you’re busy, but I don’t suppose I could interest you in dinner? Maybe tonight—unless you already have plans. It’s been far too long, Riley.”
“Tonight?” Mulling it over, she bit her bottom lip, making him want to kiss her.
“It’s just dinner between old friends, darling.” He was now worried she’d say no. “We could do it another night if you need to check with your boyfriend—or are you not supposed to mingle with the guests?”
That got him a laugh. “No boyfriend to check in with, and given that I’m here twenty-four-seven, my social life would be a black hole if I couldn’t hang out with the guests. But work’s a bit complicated right about now.”
“Go on, Riley! Let the poor man take you to dinner.” One of the romance writers nudged her while passing by, though the group of writers didn’t look like they were going anywhere in a hurry.
He could see her mulling it over, and it left his gut in knots. After wanting her all these years, she had to say yes. “You still have to eat, right? Maybe leaving work behind for an evening is exactly what you need.”
“Well, dinner usually consists of me grabbing something on the run between events we’re hosting or while doing paperwork.” Looking down, she laughed and shook her head. “I know—it’s sad, isn’t it?”
It was clear Riley poured everything she had into running the inn, and probably never stopped or slowed down enough to take a moment for herself. “All the more reason to say yes.”
The light in her eyes had his heart pounding against his chest, making him want to steal the kiss that was over a decade too late. And then the romance writers backed him up once more, urging Riley on until she rolled her eyes at them with a smile. “You’re right. Someone else can run this place for a night and dinner would be…really nice. Seven in the lobby?”
“Sounds perfect.” He grabbed his bag and wandered towards the stairs, pausing for a moment at the group of women. “My sincerest thanks, ladies.”
They were all giving him mischievous smiles that made him think it’d be good to have the writers as allies. “It’s our pleasure.”
He noticed Anna lingering, her lips pursed and her gaze stern as she took note of his exchange with Riley. It left him wondering if the board decided to send Anna to evaluate the hotel so they could decide on what changes they’d need to make. But Anna could be a huge problem for him since the board had made it quite clear that he was not to come to the island until their lawyers closed the deal on the inn. According to the board, inheriting his family’s share of the business did not mean he’d also inherited their business sense.
Mark and the board may have hoped to continue running things, but it didn’t sit well with him. He may not have an MBA, but he was far from being an idiot. And if they were purchasing the Siren because of his interest in it, then he wanted to make his own assessment of the place—whether they wanted him here or not. He wouldn’t interfere, and they wouldn’t know he was here.
It was why he’d been forced to lie to Riley about his name. She’d been right—Eirik was his first name, while Thorsen was one of the names he often used while working with Interpol. It’d be simple enough for someone to put the surnames together, but Black wasn’t exactly unusual, and it’d be too hard to explain a different surname to Riley. In just a few weeks, the sale would go through and he’d tell her everything.
Wandering up the stairs and down the hall, Thorsen found the inn in remarkable shape for its age, though it was clear the last renovation had been some time ago. The need was mainly cosmetic. Paint, along with some newer furniture and stylings, would help make the place feel current and modern, while accenting the timeless architectural details would give a nod to the history and character of the place.
He supposed that was the one advantage to his nomadic life while with Interpol. He’d stayed in his fair share of nice hotels—and more than enough bad ones—to know what worked and what didn’t.
Letting himself into his room, he was surprised by how spacious it was. Not wanting to draw attention to himself—or the fact that he now had a fair bit of money to his name—he’d booked a simple room. And yet, it was lovely. Bright and airy, with several large windows giving him an uncompromised view of the ocean. It made him wonder if the remaining fifty-plus rooms were as nice as this one.
Being back at the Siren left him reminiscing of his childhood. Between the family business and his father’s international affairs, they’d constantly traveled, never staying in one place for long. Indeed, his last summer here was one of the last he’d spend with his entire family together. That fall he was sent to a boarding school in England to complete his education before going off to university.
It would be nice to finally put down roots—and Mermaid Isle might be the perfect place to do that.
***
Thorsen stood in the lobby waiting for Riley, his nerves buzzing like he’d hit a live wire. Yet, the moment he set eyes on her coming up the porch steps and walking towards him, he knew exactly why his heart had been beating at three times its normal rhythm.
Wearing a silky slip of a coral dress that glided over every curve, she left him stunned and speechless. A smile played upon her glossed lips as she closed the distance between them, her lush locks bouncing with every step. “Are you ready to go? I thought we might walk into town, if that’s all right with you. It’s a perfect night for it, and it’s not terribly far. No more than a fifteen-minute walk.”
“That sounds perfect.” He placed a gentle hand on the small of her back to guide her towards the door—and damn if he could think of anything but the way her body felt under the thin shifting silk. With the setting sun painting the sky in oranges and reds, it was the perfect backdrop as they wandered down the steps. “You look lovely, by the way. I must confess that after all these years, it’s taken me aback to see you again.” It was still the truth, even if he knew she’d be here at the inn.
“I think I was just as surprised as you were. And thank you. You’re looking rather handsome yourself.” She linked her arm with his and looked up at him sideways with a sweet smile. It took everything he had not to kiss her—when the light in her eyes suddenly faded and her smile vanished.
Thorsen suppressed a growl as Anna caught up to them. “Ms. Carter, I’m with Holt Enterprises. I don’t mean to interrupt your evening, but busy as your schedule is, I missed you earlier today and didn’t want another day to pass without having the chance to introduce myself properly. I hadn’t realized you were the manager when I arrived this morning, since you were driving the bus.”
“Well, we all do what we can to help out, especially during our busier times of the year.” Though Riley tensed at his side, she managed a small smile. “I hope you’ll enjoy your stay here, and if you need anything at all, be sure to let me know.”
“That’s just it. If you could set aside some time tomorrow, I’d love the chance to go over the details of what you offer your guests here at the Siren Song Inn.” There was no warmth, compassion, or humor in Anna’s eyes, and it left Thorsen annoyed with himself since he was inadvertently the reason Anna was at the inn.
Riley let out a sigh, though her smile remained. “That would be fine. Feel free to have the front desk page me when you’re ready to meet. Have a good evening.”
They made their escape, but he wondered if their evening was now ruined. Her smile had now faded, and the spark in her intelligent eyes was replaced with worry. “Riley…I know it’s none of my business, but I’m here if you want to talk.”
She shrugged and said nothing for a long while, leading them down the path and onto the road that would lead into town. Her silence felt deafening, though she eventually looked over at him. “I suppose I can tell you, since it’s not really a secret. It’s the inn. The owners accepted an offer on it. Some big company out of Boston bought it, which means they’ll probably swallow it into some cookie-cutter hotel chain.”
He hated to see her so worried. “It might not be so bad. And I’m sure they’ll keep everyone on, since the staff’s already familiar with the running of the place.”
“I doubt it. Most places like to put their own people in charge, which means they’ll likely reshuffle or lay off most of the staff. Even if they keep me on, I’ll likely get bumped from being manager. But that’s not what worries me.” She grabbed his arm and looked up at him. “You know what the Siren and Mermaid Isle are like. They’re so quirky and fun. Unique. If they change the inn, they’ll change the island since it’s such a big part of the island economy. And I really don’t think they’ll see the Siren for what it is and what it has to offer. Not when they could make it some resort and spa for the rich and famous. The island will end up being another Martha’s Vineyard or East Hampton.”
He swore he hadn’t had plans of turning the inn into a five-star hotel just like the one she was describing, and yet he knew better than to lie to himself. Though he had fond memories of his summer on Mermaid Isle, he’d forgotten just how different the island was—or hadn’t really noticed it, given his age. He’d looked at the financials for the inn before making the offer, and it could work out well—but only if they turned it into a luxury resort.
“I suppose there’d be a bigger market for something more mainstream.” Guilt nagged at him, especially when he knew he was the cause of her distress. Part of him wanted to come clean and tell her that it was his company that had bought the Siren, and yet no one could know he was here.
Exposure like that would plant him in front of the board while he attempted to explain his actions, and that would be very bad for him and the inn. All he could do was try to reassure her that it’d be for the best and it would all work out in the end.
And yet he now knew there was a good chance it could all go to hell.


Chapter Three

Riley tried not to let her emotions get the best of her, but so much of her future felt uncertain, and completely out of her control. And now she had Anna wanting to go over every little detail—probably so she’d have enough ammo to get rid of everything that made the inn unique.
She gave Thorsen a sideways glance as they continued towards town. “I think that’s what has me so worried. They’ll come in and see that it’ll be easier to make a profit if they cater to the masses and that’ll be that. They’ll end up trying to attract a completely different crowd, and if they raise our prices, it’ll be out of reach for the majority of the guests and artists who come here throughout the year.”
He stopped walking and turned towards her, his eyes locked on hers, though they were filled with the same worry that was churning in her chest. “Maybe it won’t be so bad. There’s a good chance they’ll see it for what it’s worth.”
She scoffed, trying not to think the worst and failing miserably. “I highly doubt it. You saw the woman they’ve sent. She’s been furiously scribbling in that notebook of hers all day long and tomorrow she wants to go through everything. You just know she’ll take a look at the amount we bring in, and it won’t be enough. I doubt a single thing will remain the same—and if that’s the case, I don’t know that I’ll have the heart to stick around.” The thought had her eyes stinging and a lump forming in her throat.
“Let’s stay positive, yeah?” He took her hand in his and brought it to his lips, the gesture so sweet, it pulled her back from the brink. “There’s no point in fretting over something that might not be.”
He was right. And with him at her side, he made it a whole lot easier for her to do just that. Despite their years apart, he’d always held a special place in her heart, and that hadn’t changed.
He’d been her first—and they had been great friends, inseparable during the time they’d spent together. She wasn’t quite sure how they’d lost touch, but it had been her biggest regret.
And now that he was back? It made her want to make up for lost time, although…she wished things weren’t in such an upheaval. Riley just knew that woman from Holt was going to make her life miserable. “Enough about me—and definitely enough about work. I want to hear what you’ve been up to all these years.”
Thorsen gave her a sideways glance, so his blue eyes caught the setting sun. “I left here and went back to boarding school—an all-boys school, mind you—which only served to sear that last summer of ours in my mind permanently.”
A laugh escaped her. “You poor thing. I can only imagine.” And she thought she had it bad being stuck in a small-town high school back in the Berkshires.
“You have no idea.” He shook his head and gave her a quick devilish grin that made her stomach flutter. “Afterwards, I went to university at Oxford, grad school at MIT, and then started working for Interpol.”
“Oxford, MIT, and Interpol?” She took another look at him, damn well impressed. Not only was he make-a-girl-weak-in-the-knees gorgeous, he was also brilliant. She thought back to the young man he’d been—intelligent and kind, but he’d only started to come into his own, tall and lanky, and just a little shy. “So then, are you here on a break from catching spies and tracking nuclear weapons? Or are you here on some super-secret undercover mission?”
“Could be. Perhaps I should get you alone and give you a thorough interrogation.” He waggled his eyebrows at her with a crooked grin.
“Oh!” She couldn’t help but laugh, and yet his sidelong glance and smile reminded her of just how long she’d been single. Her insides jumped and she felt her pulse take up residence between her legs, making her wish he hadn’t been kidding.
When he gave her a sweet smile, she caught a glimmer of the shy young man he’d been. “Actually, it’s nothing that exciting and I’m no longer with Interpol. I decided to take a break to do some contract work and consulting, so I’m sort of on my own schedule for now. But honestly? I’m in no rush to get back to work. I have a fair bit of money stashed away and can take my time to figure out what I want to do next.”
“Does that mean you’ll be staying at the inn awhile?” She sounded stupidly hopeful and desperate, but she just couldn’t help herself. With her pulse galloping and her stomach fluttering, it was clear her body and heart were ready to pick up where they’d left off a decade ago.
“I booked my room for a couple of weeks, but was thinking I might stay long enough to watch the leaves change in the fall. Maybe rent one of the cottages, depending on the availability.” He bumped her shoulder playfully. “Just like that summer.”
“You can mention that summer all you want, as long as you forget that incident on the cliff.” She cringed and felt a heat flush her cheeks and chest as she recalled one of the scariest—and embarrassing—moments of her life. “I don’t know what the hell I’d been thinking. That was mortifying.”
“But I got to rescue a damsel in distress. What could possibly be better than that?” He spun her towards him and slipped an arm around her waist. Her breath hitched as he gently pulled her close, his hard body pressed against hers so she could think of nothing but the way his tight muscles felt under the thin cotton of his shirt. “Was it not something like this, darling?”
The memories returned in a flash, her fingers curling to grasp hold of him as if she were there once more, perched precariously over an angry ocean and he was the only thing keeping her upright. She’d been climbing the cliffs when she managed to get herself stuck on a ledge, the jagged rocks below sapping her courage. She’d called out for help, and it was Thorsen who’d come to her rescue. He’d climbed out to her and then, holding her close so she wouldn’t see the drop below, he slowly led her to safety, soothing her with words of encouragement and reassurance the entire way there.
He’d stolen her heart that day, and Riley now wondered if he’d ever given it back.
She looked up at him as his gaze pulled her in and sent her already erratic heart skittering. It was impossible to ignore the well-defined biceps she’d rested her hands on, or the tingle that rushed over her skin from being encircled in the safety of his arms once more. Long gone was the shy and gangly youth, though she suspected his sweet and caring nature had never changed. “I don’t recall ever thanking you properly for saving me that day.”
Brushing a stray curl from her face, his touch lingered as humor and desire lit his eyes from within, stealing her breath and leaving her lightheaded. “Does this mean I get to collect with interest?”
She sure as hell hoped so. Because it turned out that she still wanted him. With every fiber of her being. The air between them felt charged like there was a coming summer storm and he had her teetering on the delicious edge of want and desire, every nerve in her body buzzing with a building need.
Not waiting for an answer, he nuzzled her for a moment as she breathed in his scent, his stubble rough against her cheek, before he covered her mouth with his. He smelled like wood smoke and black tea, and he tasted like warm honey. He kissed her slowly at first, lazily almost, but then his tongue pushed past her lips and his kiss deepened until there was nothing but the two of them. Nothing but a raw heat and passion that had her pulling him towards her, taking, tasting, and knowing she couldn’t get enough.
She fisted her hands in his shirt and pressed her body against his, the thin silk of her dress shifting over her skin and heightening the feel of his touch as his fingers spread over the small of her back possessively. It sent a shiver of need rippling over her skin, leaving a trail of goose bumps as her body went both hot and cold at once, his effect on her overwhelming. He slowed his kisses and held her close, her breathing heavy as her knees threatened to give out from under her.
When he nuzzled her once more, she all but whimpered, she wanted him so bad. His words were a mere whisper against her skin, sending another shiver of need racing through her. “I can’t say that you’ve paid me back what’s owed in its entirety, but I think that’s a good start.”
She nodded, trying to muster a coherent thought that didn’t involve him naked in her bed. “I’m sure after going so many years without a payment, what’s owed must be a staggering sum.”
He brushed his lips against hers with a promise of what might be, stealing her breath as she fought for some semblance of control. “Staggering indeed, my sweet Summer.”
“Oh!” Summer…had he just given her a nickname? And damn if it didn’t make her want him all the more.
He brushed her cheek while his eyes locked on hers with an intensity that sent her heart stumbling into a free fall. “It might be awfully soon for confessions, but I need you to know that there’s only one reason I’m here—and that’s you. I’ve come back for you, darling, and I’ll not rest until I’ve made you mine once more.”
Oh, boy. And after that kiss? It was a damn good thing he was still holding onto her, since his words had her head spinning.
“I…um…” The heat that flamed across her face and chest left her wanting to fan herself like some Victorian virgin getting ready to swoon. And could she possibly sound like a bigger idiot? But he couldn’t possibly mean what she thought he meant, because that would be insane…and totally hot. Her romance writers would be all over this one—not that she’d be spilling the beans.
He gave her a final whisper of a kiss, ensuring that her brain was totally scrambled and riding a tsunami of hormones. Slowly, he loosened his hold on her, though the fierce desire in his eyes had yet to fade. He reminded her of a wolf stalking its prey, and damned if she didn’t want to let him catch her.
“You’re blushing, darling.” The intensity of his gaze left her thinking there was nowhere near enough oxygen getting into her lungs, and was why she actually believed him when he said she was the reason he’d come back after all those years.
It dawned on her that they were making out like horny teenagers on the side of the road by the busy edge of town. Somehow, she miraculously managed to put a little space between them, before running her hands over her body to smooth out her dress.
“Dinner?” Her voice was breathy and ragged, betraying the effect he’d had on her.
“Definitely. I’m famished.” The way he looked at her, the way his gaze roamed over her body, settled on her lips for a moment and then shifted to her eyes, left her entire body tingling with a thrill she hadn’t felt in a long time.
It made her want to drag him back to the inn and have her way with him until they lay there spent in a tangle of naked limbs. So it was a good thing he had enough willpower and sense to tuck her in at his side, his strong arm holding her close as he guided them down the road and towards town. “So, what do you recommend? It’s been so long since I was last here.”
Just like that, he’d brought things back around to being a normal date—as if he hadn’t just scrambled her thoughts and left her body zinging like she’d been caught in a lightning storm. She did her best to turn her attention back to the mundane task of picking out a place to eat. “There’s a great fish and lobster restaurant, a cute little bistro that specializes in using only local and organic goods, a few funky sandwich shops and cafes, and a great brick oven pizza place.”
“It’s been awhile since I had Maine lobster, but I could also go for a good pizza. Do you have any preference? I’m up for anything.” The way his gaze settled on her as he spoke those last words left her heartbeat tripping over itself.
She tried to steady her voice and failed miserably. “No preference at all.”
***
Riley grabbed another piece of pizza and bit into the crispy crust, loving how the tangy goat cheese and Kalamata olives mingled with the sweet caramelized onions, all of it accented by the smokiness of the wood fire oven. It may not be a traditional pie, but they had gotten one of those too, since it turned out Thorsen really was famished. And with a body as lean and muscular as his, she was sure he had the type of metabolism that demanded to be fed.
“That was really good.” Thorsen finished off his crust and took a long sip of his beer, before settling his gaze on her. “Just one more reason to stay on the island, isn’t it?”
Did he mean permanently? Nah…he couldn’t. Wouldn’t. Or would he? She felt like a teenager again, trying to decipher every nuance in a conversation. The wise thing to do would be to let it slide, and see if it came up again. Or…she could just be blunt and stick her foot in it, since the words were out of her mouth before she could think them through. “By ‘stay on the island.’ do you mean for vacation or longer than that?”
“I meant what I said, Riley. I like this island—and I like you even more.” He leaned in and gave her a smile as he reached across the table and took her hand in his. “I know you have a lot going on right now, but I’m a patient man and I’m in no rush. Clearly, you hadn’t been expecting to run into me, and I’m fully aware that this must all seem a bit sudden.”
“A bit?” She shook her head with a laugh. “You know, you’re damn charming. And I’m beyond flattered.”
He twined his fingers with hers, his gaze soft and seductive. “But…it sounds like there’s a ‘but’ coming.”
“But my life was just thrown into total chaos this morning, and I don’t know when I’ll be able to surface back to a normal life. And as sweet and romantic as it all sounds, what you’re proposing sounds more like a fairytale than reality.” She had to be realistic if she didn’t want to get her heart broken, because Thorsen sure as hell could break her heart, and unfortunately, she’d learned the hard way that most guys didn’t stick around much past the end of the summer. “I’ve just been burned one too many times. Even when people swear up and down that they’ll stay on the island, it doesn’t tend to be a reality.”
“I’m not like other guys, Riley. And I’ve lived enough of my life to know what I want. And darling, that’s you.”
***
Hand in hand, Riley and Thorsen wandered back towards the inn, the sprawling grounds and cliffside bathed in the light of a nearly full moon. Having him so close had Riley’s heart thundering against her ribs and her mind racing. Those mind-blowing kisses from earlier that night and that declaration of his were running on an endless loop in her head.
Even after all those years apart, there was still something between them. Call it a spark or chemistry, or maybe it was their shared past, but having him back after so many years apart made her realize that few other guys had ever had this sort of effect on her.
It would be so incredibly easy to let him into her life. Yet, she had a lot on her plate. With the sale of the inn pending and Anna snooping around, she wasn’t sure Thorsen was a distraction or complication she needed.
Or…he could be exactly what she needed to keep her mind off her troubles. Having Thorsen to snuggle up against at the end of a long day of dealing with Anna might be just the thing to keep her sane.
With her hand still in his, she looked up at him with a flirty smile, once again thinking that the man was striking. His hair was streaked with every color from flaxen to deep caramel while being just long enough to look casual, his eyes were intelligent and the brightest blue, while a few days’ worth of stubble rounded out his rugged good looks.
She turned towards him and slipped her hands around his waist, the feel of him solid and the warmth of his body welcoming. The night air coming in off the ocean held a bite to it and there was no better way to ward off the chill than snuggling against a gorgeous man. “I don’t suppose you’d be interested in hanging out by a fire? We stock the fire pits each night with supplies for making s’mores.”
“Darling, I’m up for anything if it involves you.” He brushed her cheek with a gentle touch, his gaze holding hers as he leaned in and gave her a whisper of a kiss. “Though I should warn you that I might be tempted to collect on my debt.”
Oh, boy. A molten heat coursed through her and headed south, making her blush like some damned school girl—yet again. It’d been over a year since her last serious relationship, and though she had no problem with the occasional romp or distraction, none had felt this intense. It left her feeling like she was back on that ledge, teetering above a raging sea.
Part of her—the part that was throbbing with need and desperate for release—told her to stop overthinking things and just enjoy herself. Before long, Thorsen would be off stealing international secrets and chasing down spies—even if he thought he’d be sticking around. It didn’t have to be anything but a bit of fun. Just a few old friends getting together. Nothing more.
And then there was the part of her—the part that had spent two summers crushing on a sweet and gangly boy—that told her she could fall for him hard and fast if she wasn’t careful. She could easily get her heart broken when reality got in the way and he left for foreign lands. But not just any broken heart, because Thorsen…Thorsen wasn’t just any guy.
“Or we could just have dessert.” He must have seen the internal debate going on in her head, because he looked at her sheepishly with an apologetic grin, a glimmer of the young man she’d known peeking through the surface of the confident man he’d become. “I’m sorry, love. It’s just that seeing you again after all these years… I don’t mean to rush you into anything you’re not ready for.”
“I don’t feel rushed, Thorsen. I like you—a lot.” With a reassuring smile, she pushed her worries and cursed thoughts aside before they ruined a perfectly wonderful date.
There was no reason for her to sabotage the present by worrying about the future. So what if he came back to the island because of her. Hadn’t she done the same, coming back year after year because of her memories of so many perfect summers?
“But…” She shook her head with a smile. “It’s not like a girl gets those sorts of declarations every day, and I’m warning you now—if the romance writers catch wind of it, you won’t get a second of peace. They live for that sort of thing.”
He let out a hearty laugh and tightened his hold on her, leaning in to nuzzle her, his stubble tickling her skin and sending a ripple of goose bumps over her skin. “I can only imagine. Maybe I should speak to them—pick up a few pointers to make sure the guy gets the girl.”
“I somehow think you manage just fine on your own.” Which was why she wanted to melt into him. Wanted to take him back to her cottage and have her way with him—or even better, let him have his way with her.
She led him towards the fire pit she used most often, her quaint cabin sitting just off in the distance. It was one of the perks given to the manager. It might be small—no more than a loft bedroom that opened to a living area and kitchenette below—but it was still home.
The thought that there might soon be new management in place, and she may be forced to move, had her good mood waning. Looking for a bit of distraction, she started to build a fire, doing her best to ignore any thoughts of her impending doom, while making sure she didn’t flash Thorsen as she knelt down in her silky slip of a dress. Now that would be one hell of a way to jumpstart their evening—if she didn’t die of mortification first.
“I can do that if you’d like.” Thorsen added another chunk of wood to the pile.
She shrugged and managed a smile in his direction. “It’s okay. I’ve done this so many times, I could probably do it in my sleep. Though if you’d like to grab me the matches and the s’mores supplies from the small chest over there, that would be great.” The chest—metal in an attempt to keep the critters out—was stocked daily with everything they’d need for their campfire treats.
Supplies in hand, he dropped them onto one of the wooden loungers, before striking one of the matches and setting it to the kindling. He blew on it until the fire caught, and then gave her a smile. “It’s been awhile since I last did this sort of thing.”
“There’s nothing better than s’mores and campfires. Two of life’s little pleasures.” She liked how his presence, the solid feel of him by her side, gave her a sense of comfort and familiarity. The light from the small fire was just enough to highlight the planes of his face, casting the rest of him in shadow. And damn if he didn’t look like some ancient warrior sitting by a battle fire.
With the flames dancing and the wood crackling, she perched herself on the edge of the lounger. He settled himself behind her and pulled her close against him, slipping an arm around her waist as he leaned forward enough to toast his marshmallow.
Happy for the warmth his body was throwing off, she all but purred with contentment. Luckily she was able to keep her hands busy with assembling her treat, rather than giving in to desire and running them over his muscular body.
With their completed s’mores in hand, Thorsen settled back in the lounger and tucked her in at his side, making it impossible for her to ignore the way his body felt when pressed against hers.
He took a bite, and then another. “I’d forgotten how good these were.”
“Good thing you’ll be here awhile. You can get your fill.” Catching a drip of sweet melty goodness with her tongue, she was suddenly all too aware of him watching her. Before it got too messy, she popped the last piece in her mouth.
“I don’t know that I’ll ever get my fill, darling.”


Chapter Four

Thorsen worked to slow his breathing, still not quite believing Riley was in his arms, her body molded to his as they lay back in the lounger. So far, it had been one hell of a good night—just as he’d hoped it’d be.
Obviously, she’d changed in the twelve years since he’d last seen her, and yet he found that so much about her had remained the same. The way every thought was telegraphed to that sweet face of hers. The way she always seemed to find a smile that made her eyes sparkle. And by the gods…the way she looked at him and how it made him feel. Like there was no one but the two of them.
They said nothing for a long while. Just listened to the waves crash on the rocky shore and watched the flames dance in the night, spiraling towards the heavens. The heady scent of the sea mingled with the wood smoke, filling his head and soothing his soul, awakening something primal deep within him. There was nothing he loved more than a wood fire, and having Riley in his arms made it perfect.
With their silence came a growing awareness of each touch, each caress, the way her curves pressed against the length of his body, the way her scent filled his head and stoked his need for her. When she pulled his arms tight around her and snuggled in close to ward off the cool breeze coming in off the ocean, he couldn’t help but go hard. “Are you cold, love?”
“Not when I have you to keep me warm.” He swore her voice was thick with need—and then she pressed her soft lips against the hollow of his neck in a kiss, his self-control slipping further with each heartbeat.
He wanted her—like he’d never wanted anyone or anything before. And yet his thoughts nagged at him. He knew he’d jumped the gun by coming to see her, and yet he’d been helpless to resist. There was no way he should let things get serious with Riley before finalizing the sale of the inn—not when he was with Holt, and definitely not when she was upset about the sale.
What he needed to do is come clean and tell her of his role in the sale—and yet he couldn’t. Not when the board had made it clear that he was to stay away from the island until things had been finalized. He’d not only put his standing within Holt at risk, but also risk any influence he might wield to save Riley’s programs.
Maybe if he told her they should take things slow, that they had plenty of time. It would have to do.
And then Riley slipped a leg across his thighs and climbed into his lap. His head went dizzy with need, his hard length trapped between his body and her warmth, knowing that with her silky dress riding up her thighs, there wasn’t a whole lot more than the worn fabric of his jeans coming between them. His hands dropped to her hips and gripped her in a firm hold, though it was debatable whether that was to keep her hips from moving or to set them in motion.
“Darling…” It was all he managed when she covered his mouth in a kiss and rocked her hips against him, her lips still sweet and tasting like chocolate. Desperate to have her, he could barely think past the way her body felt up against his. So how the hell he managed to do the sensible thing, he hadn’t a clue. “I want you, Riley. More than you’ll ever know. But we’ve got time. I want us to get to know each other again—to fall in love again. There’s no need to rush things. Because I don’t want you thinking that what’s between us is casual. ’Cause it’s not, Riley. The way I feel about you is far from casual.”
She brushed his lips in a whisper of a kiss, so his desire for her blazed like a hot sun. “I think I can live with it, if you want to take things a bit slower. And so you know…this doesn’t feel casual to me either.”
Cupping the back of her neck, he pulled her close and nipped at her lip before kissing her in a most thorough manner, loving how she melted against him. By the time he managed to pull himself away, he was surprised he hadn’t tried to take her then and there, any thoughts of slowing things down now a distant memory.
She nipped at his lip and, as if reading his mind, said, “Are you sure?”
“Aye, sweet Summer. It’s probably for the best.”
She gave him a sultry smile. “Well, I guess I’ll let you set the pace then, since I’m not exactly known for my patience.”
***
Thorsen wrapped an arm around Riley’s shoulder as she led the way to her cabin. He still couldn’t believe the night he’d had, and though his timing might be off because of Holt, he had few regrets since she’d been his only thought since leaving his old life behind.
She led him up the steps to her cottage and unlocked her door before turning towards him and biting her bottom lip. “I had a really good time, Thorsen. Don’t suppose you want to come in?”
He cupped her cheek and ran a thumb across her soft skin, letting his fingers tangle in her dark hair. “Believe me when I tell you, there’s nothing I’d like more. But I shouldn’t, Riley.”
She gave him a small pout that made him want to ravage her then and there under the bright light of her porch. “Maybe I can catch up with you tomorrow?”
It would have to do, though how long he’d manage to keep his distance, he didn’t know. “I’d like that.”
When she looked up at him, he couldn’t resist sliding an arm around her waist and closing the distance between them. His hand shifted down to the small of her back, the silk of her dress gliding over her curves as he leaned in and kissed her.
His tongue slipped past her parted lips, the taste of her still sweet like chocolate and sunshine. Pulling her to him, their kiss deepened as the heat of her body radiated through the thin fabric. He tried to rein in his need, but the suppleness of her curves under the slippery silk left him dizzy with want, his breath catching when she ran her hands up his chest and fisted them in his shirt.
Year after year, Riley had wandered through his thoughts, his memories of their time together precious. And now? He couldn’t quite believe she was back in his arms once more. He’d wondered if his imagination had built her up over time to someone who could never truly exist and no woman could ever live up to—and yet now that he was getting to know her once more, he was starting to suspect that he had not done her justice.
And it was because she meant so much to him that he had to step away.
Slowing his kisses, he nuzzled her close, his breath coming in heavy, his head spinning with his need for her. He stole one last kiss and then forced himself to put a little space between them. “I had a wonderful time, Riley. Don’t know if you’ll have any time off, but I’d love to take a day-trip somewhere if you’re up for it. Portland wouldn’t be far.”
She pulled him close and gave him one last kiss before snuggling against him. “I think I’d like that.”
***
The following day, Thorsen made his way down to the breakfast the inn offered its guests. There were quaint diners in town, but he was curious to see what the inn had to offer. As far as he was concerned, breakfast at a hotel, and especially at an inn, was something that could really enhance a guest’s stay—or ruin it completely. He’d stayed in too many places that had beautiful rooms, but then soured his visit by serving up food that was horrible or uninspired.
Of course, it had nothing to do with him hoping he’d run into Riley. At least that was what he kept telling himself.
He wandered towards the conservatory, which doubled as a dining room. The walls of glass offered guests a breathtaking view of the waves breaking on the craggy coast as the summer sun sparkled on the water’s surface. It was going to be another gorgeous day.
Several long tables were lined at the back of the room and there appeared to be a wide variety of offerings one could help themselves to, from basics like cereal and bagels, to the more impressive, like homemade muffins, scones, and quick breads. But it didn’t end there. There were also stations manned by chefs—one for omelets and eggs cooked to order, and another for pancakes and waffles, with a variety of fillings and toppings available. It was just enough to make their guests feel special, without breaking the bank with extravagant extras. Frankly, he thought it a smart business move, since the staff would likely be working the kitchen anyway. It made him wonder if it had been Riley’s idea, since she seemed to be involved in every aspect of running the inn.
After putting a little bit of everything on his plate, he grabbed some steaming coffee to wash it all down with and took a seat by the window. Glancing around the room, more than half the tables were filled. Not bad, assuming there’d be a steady rotation. It meant occupancy was probably close to full. His eyes roamed the room again, hoping to catch a glimpse of Riley.
With their kisses playing in his head, he’d spent the night tossing and turning, recalling how she felt in his arms, her body pulled tight against his to keep the cold at bay. It had taken all the willpower he had to resist knocking on her door in the middle of the night. He wouldn’t normally think of two weeks as a long wait, but he didn’t know if he’d be able to resist her until the sale of the inn went through. Hell, he’d been on the island less than a day and had barely managed to keep his hands off her.
Laughter and conversation pulled him from his thoughts. He looked over and found the three romance writers from yesterday had been joined by another six, all of them having a great time. Riley mentioned the writer’s conference wouldn’t start for another week. It said something about the inn that so many guests came ahead of time, and it left him hopeful that they might be able to keep the conferences going.
One of the women—the one who’d helped him land that date with Riley—waved to him with a big smile. He tilted his head in their direction. “Ladies.”
“If you start getting lonely, we’re happy to make a spot for you at our table.” She gave her friend a small nudge.
“I appreciate the offer.” If all of Riley’s guests were this entertaining, it was no wonder Riley wanted to keep her programs going.
What he needed to know was exactly how all the programs and conferences were doing, and how to improve those numbers so he could help Riley keep her programs. Anna would soon have those figures to work with, and though he might not be able to get his hands on them directly without drawing attention to the fact that he was at inn, he could certainly have his longtime friend and assistant, Ethan, try to get them. Ethan was good at digging up information others didn’t want found, and Thorsen knew Ethan was loyal only to him. Add lawyer and suspect computer hacker to the list of Ethan’s talents, and Ethan was indispensable.
Thorsen dug into his meal, finding the omelet tasty and the pancakes light with a perfectly crisped edge, while letting his gaze wander around the room. He didn’t spot the newlyweds—not that he’d expect them to be up so early in the morning—nor Anna, but there were several families, a few more couples, and then what appeared to be another larger group of people. Unlike the romance writers, this group was more balanced with both men and women, the group fluctuating as some members came down for breakfast and others finished up. Perhaps it was the group of artists Riley had mentioned.
Thorsen grabbed himself another cup of coffee, and then decided to stop by the front desk to see what, outside of the conferences and retreats, was on offer for entertainment. There was plenty more to do in town, but for now, he wanted to concentrate on the inn and the options offered to the guests. His original plans involved offerings for a high-end clientele—luxury spa days, golf, sailing—paired with catering to corporate events and weddings. However, he hadn’t thought of the inn and the island’s quirky nature, and unfortunately, quirky and high-end didn’t always pair so well.
Seeing that it was a gorgeous day, he took the brochure and calendar of events that he’d picked up at the front desk and wandered out into the sun, the day made all the brighter by the sight of Riley walking across the lawn towards him. His body’s reaction to her was immediate, his pulse quickening as she drew closer. “Morning, darling.”
“Hey.” She reached out and gave his hand a squeeze, her eyes catching the morning sun as she smiled at him. “Sorry…I can’t really talk. I’m heading into a meeting.”
When her eyes clouded over, Thorsen knew exactly who she’d be meeting with. He’d have to give Ethan another call to find out more about Anna and who actually sent her. “Don’t suppose you’d like to get lunch afterwards? We could make it quick and casual if you don’t have a whole lot of time.”
“I think I can swing that.” Though she managed a hint of a smile, she still looked worried and distracted. “Noon in the lobby? If I’m running late, I’ll call the front desk and have them track you down.”
“Noon’s fine. But…don’t let the woman get to you, Riley. It’ll all work out, yeah?” Pulling on his years of training with Interpol, he managed to keep his mouth shut when in reality all he wanted to do was come clean about his role in the sale and reassure her that the Siren Song Inn would be fine.
Except that it may very well not be—and it would all be his fault.
Thorsen watched her go as if heading off to face her demise, making him wish there was something he could do. At least he’d be able to come clean with her in just a few weeks. He pulled out his phone and left Ethan a message, and then with a guilt-laden conscience over what this sale was doing to Riley, he wandered towards the beach while taking in the grounds.
There was a large pool for guests who might not want to brave the cold Atlantic waters, in addition to a decent size barn, with a few horses turned out in a paddock. Though he loved to ride, he wondered if it was an activity that earned its keep, given the expense and liability of keeping horses and the potential risk of guests being injured in a fall.
He looked at the brochures he’d picked up at breakfast. The inn offered rides along the beach and riding lessons as part of their Mermaid Isle day camp for kids. He supposed it helped lure families to the inn and the island if the parents could get a few hours to themselves while their children were being entertained and well-taken care of. And knowing most kids, horses were probably a big draw.
Unable to resist the clean smell of a barn, he took the brick-paved path that led to it. The doors were on either end, so a pleasant breeze ran through the place, the scent of fresh hay and sawdust bedding mingling with the musky smell of the animals. Most of the stalls were empty, though he did find a few of the magnificent beasts. A couple of them were even curious enough to check him out and see if he had anything good to offer. He patted a big bay’s nose, always amazed at how soft their muzzle was.
Wandering through to the other end of the stables, he stepped out into the sun, the ocean glistening in the distance. Some things had changed since he’d last stayed here, like the stables and the pool, but he liked that so much of it was still familiar.
As he wandered across the grounds and towards the beach, he came upon a group of a half-dozen people scattered near the cliffs, painting and sketching the breathtaking view before them. He loved the arts, but his talents lay elsewhere. He could take out an armed man in seconds, speak four languages, and could break into nearly any safe. And yet his drawing skills had never progressed past drawing stick figures. Nor could he carry a tune or play anything other than a kazoo.
The air was pungent with the scents of the ocean, and the sound of waves breaking on the rocks competed with the cries of the seagulls flying above. He took the worn and weathered wooden steps that led down the small cliffside to the sandy beach below. A row of Adirondack chairs were lined up far enough away from the waterline to not get pulled out to sea at high tide. Close to half of them were occupied with vacationers, while children and adults played in the surf.
He could already see himself walking the sandy beach hand in hand with Riley—and not just now, but as the seasons changed, as the years rolled on by. This is what he wanted. What he yearned for.
His phone rang. Ethan. He took a seat and watched the waves roll in, while he started to formulate a plan for taking over the Siren and making sure his cousin didn’t cause trouble.


Chapter Five

Riley turned to Jack and Ava to plead her case, unable to look at Anna any longer. The woman was soulless. “I understand that changes need to be made, but this would destroy the Siren as we know it.”
Anna shrugged with a huff. “Maybe you’re too close to the inn to see things objectively. I’m willing to entertain certain offerings—we’ll keep the corporate events and the weddings. Even some of the conferences, like the one being held for those romance writers. But the rest aren’t bringing in enough revenue to continue being offered.” She looked through some of her papers. “Says here that you’ve got several weeks of vacation time. Perhaps you should think about taking them, since they won’t carry over.”
“If you could give us a moment alone, I’d appreciate it.” Jack pursed his lips and waited for Anna to leave. “I’m sorry, my dear. I know she’s a bitter pill, but we need this to go smoothly and she might be right. I think it’s best if you take the time we owe you. That way you can come back feeling refreshed, and you’ll realize things aren’t as bad as they seem.”
Riley felt like she was trapped in a nightmare she couldn’t wake up from. “Please, Jack. Don’t do this.” Anger and hurt bubbled inside her chest, making it hard for her to breathe.
Ava gave her hand a squeeze. “Riley, dear…I can’t imagine how stressful this is for you. But we can manage this, and you know we only have the inn’s best interest at heart. You’re owed this vacation time, so you may as well take it. There’s no point in letting it go to waste. We insist.”
“But I don’t want to, Ava. Please.” Riley knew their meeting could have gone better, and she’d gotten defensive when Anna started to tear apart her program offerings. But she couldn’t help herself. She’d given this place her all. She couldn’t just stand idly by and bite her tongue while someone who’d been at the inn barely twenty-four hours made decisions that would affect everything at the inn and the island. “You know she’ll get rid of everything that makes the Siren special.”
Jack let out a weary sigh. “We know what this place means to you, dear, and we’ll do our best to see that Ms. Blake understands the importance of keeping things as they are. But you have two weeks of free time to get away and enjoy yourself. You could go see your parents in the Berkshires. Or take a trip. Give yourself a chance to relax and recuperate. It’s not like you’ve ever stopped or slowed down in all the years you’ve worked here, so we’re insisting. You’re officially on vacation as of right now.”
“But the writers are all coming in over the next few days, there’s a wedding this weekend, and there’s the gallery showing in town for our featured artists.” This could not be happening. The next two weeks were packed.
“And we’ll take care of it.” Jack’s eyes pleaded with her for an understanding she couldn’t give him.
“As you wish.” She just shook her head and walked out the door, knowing it wouldn’t do any good to argue with them. Blinking back tears, she walked through the inn, her head down as she tried to get control over her emotions and avoid her coworkers’ worried gazes.
How could everything go so incredibly wrong and in so little time? And how the hell could they just send her away? Especially now. Two weeks . Did they really think she would just sit around and sun herself on the beach while Holt Enterprises ruined the place she held dearest?
Well, she was damned if she was going to sit idly by and do nothing about it. She just needed a game plan. Two weeks. She had two weeks to save the place she loved. Two weeks to gather a small fortune, find a way to void the current deal with Holt, and try to buy the inn.
Yeah…right.
She rushed past the front desk and straight into a hard body, the man’s hands steadying her. “I’m so sorry.” He didn’t let go, forcing her to look up at him. Logan.
“Hey...what’s going on? What has you so upset?” Deep lines of worry creased his brow as his blue eyes held her gaze. “Is it that woman?”
She had to look away as her tears spilled over. With an arm around her shoulder, he tucked her in close and led her to the back office. Closing the door behind them, he sat them down on the sofa and ran a soothing hand down her back. “It can’t be that bad, can it?”
“Worse.” She swiped at her tears, unable to look at him without starting her waterworks. “I’m being forced to take my vacation time. They don’t want me around to mess things up with that horrid woman.”
“Oh, Ry…I hate to say it, but it might be for the best.” When she glared at him, he just smiled and shook his head, and pulled her into his arms. “You know I’m on your side, but you’re too close to this to see it objectively. And damn. It’s not like you don’t deserve a break. I can’t remember the last time you took more than a weekend off and you’re here from sunup to sundown.”
“It’s just not fair. We’ve all busted our butts to keep this place going, and that woman from Holt has no respect for this place. I know Jack and Ava have few options but that…woman…is just so…annoying.” She felt utterly heartbroken.
“We’ll get through it though, won’t we? And she’s just one of their lawyers. Once the sale is over with, I’m sure she’ll be back to wherever she came from.” He brushed her cheek and gave her a quick kiss before getting to his feet and pulling her up into a big hug.
She slipped her arms around his trim waist and leaned her head against his chest, his steady heartbeat soothing her frayed nerves as she attempted to push her emotions to the side. At least she knew Logan would always have her back.
“I guess I have a vacation to take.” She let out a weary breath and tried to slow her racing thoughts.
“I could try to cheer you up once I finish up my shift.” It was a hopeful question, and she knew exactly what he was implying. Crazy as the summer was, it had been awhile since she’d last taken him up on his offer, and now that Thorsen was around, it really didn’t seem right.
“That friend of mine…well, it sort of went well, and…” This was always the hard part.
“No worries, Ry. I get it—and I’m really happy it went well. You need that right now.” Still tucked in at Logan’s side, they wandered out towards the front desk and lobby. “Will you leave the island? You certainly have enough time to take a proper vacation.”
“And leave this place in your capable hands?” She looked up at him and managed a smile so he wouldn’t fuss over her. “I just might.”
“You deserve it, Ry—and things will be fine. I promise.” He gave her a hug and a quick kiss on the top of her head. “That date…exactly how well did it go, cupcake?”
“It was really nice, but if you’re implying…” She left it at that, always unsure of how Logan felt when it came to hearing about her dates. Though they were great friends, he was still her ex.
With her still in his arms, he leaned in and whispered in her ear. “Well, he’s here, Ry—and looking rather jealous, if I’m reading him right. You’d think he’d already staked his claim.”
“Nope. No claim staked, though I did agree to lunch.” When his eyebrows perked up at her, she stepped out of his arms and playfully slapped his chest, realizing that he’d gotten her to forget some of her worries, even if her heart was still heavy. “Your mind is always in the gutter, Logan. I’m just meeting him for a bite to eat. Nothing more.”
He shrugged, his teasing smile a reminder of why she’d fallen for him. “Your mouth might be saying one thing, but that blush on your cheeks is saying something completely different—and it’s spelling s-e-x.”
“Bad, Logan. You’re so very bad.” With a shake of her head, she left Logan standing there and wandered towards Thorsen. The mere sight of his tall, muscular form sent a warm tingle through her body even if her mood was dampened by the day’s events. “I didn’t realize it was lunch time already.”
He gave a small shrug and tilted his head towards Logan. “I can come back if you’re not done with your meeting yet.”
“No need. I’m done.” Done for two damned weeks. And just like that, her emotions bubbled up to the surface before she had a chance to wrangle them back to where they came from.
“Hey…” He reached out and grabbed her hand, his brow furrowed with worry. “What happened?”
She blinked hard, doing her best to ignore her burning eyes. “It’s just been one of those days. Not sure I’m ready to talk about it just yet, if that’s okay, but I’d love to grab a bite if that still works for you.”
Still looking worried, he brushed her cheek, his touch immediately calming her. “There’s nothing I’d like more, but only if you’re up for it.”
“Might as well, since it looks like I’ve got the rest of the day off.” Two weeks—and just as they were heading into some of the busiest weeks of the season.
“You have the whole day off?” His eyes narrowed in question. “Not that I’m disappointed.”
“Well then, you’ll be really happy because I not only have today off, but the next two weeks.” Her eyes stung with threatening tears, forcing her to look away as she headed for the door. She still couldn’t believe it. “Two. Weeks.”
“Hey…” Thorsen tucked her against his side, and with an arm around her shoulder, he guided her towards the path. “What happened, Riley?”
“I’ve been forced to take my vacation time because that horrid woman from Holt doesn’t want to hear anyone’s opinion except her own.” Whatever hope Riley had of Holt keeping the current integrity of the Siren and its programs evaporated in that meeting.
“Two weeks?” Thorsen’s jaw tightened as he shook his head and tightened his hold on her. She thought it sweet that he’d get so angry on her behalf.
His scent of leather and the salty sea helped to calm her and it didn’t take long before she was able to get a hold of her emotions. “Needless to say I’m not too happy about it. That…woman”—Riley could certainly think of more creative words for her but would refrain—“wants to completely overhaul the Siren. It’ll be unrecognizable by the time Holt’s done with it, and they just don’t get that the changes they make will have an effect on the rest of the island.”
With brows drawn together, he frowned, his entire demeanor more serious than she’d ever seen him. “Maybe they’ll realize that the reason people come to the inn is its uniqueness and the variety of offerings. It could just be that the woman they’ve sent is being overzealous. But I doubt she’ll be the one in charge of making any of the decisions.”
“Do you think that’s actually the case?” She sure as hell hoped Thorsen was right, since she had few other alternatives but to deal with the changes or leave the island and get a different job.
Thorsen slipped an arm around her waist and pulled her close, his body brushing against hers and distracting her from her troubles. “Let’s try to stay positive, darling. Maybe this is just what we need. We can use the weeks you now have off to get reacquainted. You could show me around the island or we could go away for a bit.”
She buried her head against his muscular form and breathed in his clean scent again. Having him so close worked its magic, the stress of the day finally easing as the knots in her shoulders slipped loose. He was right. She had to stay positive, even if it was hard to do. The Siren would manage—even with Holt at the helm. And she now had the perfect distraction in the form of a gorgeous and sweet man. “I think that sounds perfect. Might as well make the most of my vacation, right?”
“Exactly.” He gave her a quick kiss that sent a molten heat traveling south, reminding her that it had been nearly six months since she last hooked up with anyone.
She was tempted to drag him to her cabin—and her bed—though she didn’t want the moment ruined by her troubles distracting her, even if she was certain Thorsen was more than capable of making her forget them.
“Don’t suppose you’d like to come check out my new rooms? I just got the keys and I’ve yet to see them.” He pulled a set of keys from his pocket and jingled them. “I was able to book one of your cabins for the next few weeks with the option to extend my stay.”
“You don’t say…” Going on the tips of her toes—’cause the man was damn tall—she nipped at his neck and tightened her hold on him.
“I do indeed.” He nuzzled her, his stubble rough against her cheek, sending goose bumps across her skin.
And then he kissed her. Kissed her until her knees all but buckled and she was left clinging to him, her entire body alive under his touch. If he still wanted to take things slow, then he better stop kissing her like that. Her self-control around him was tenuous at best.
When she could finally think straight, her words came tumbling out on a needy breath, desperate to get him alone. “I’d love to check out your cabin. Which one are you in?”
He ran a thumb across her lips and kissed her again, her heart still racing even after he’d pulled away. “I think I’m in the Neptune.”
She did her best to think of anything but the way his body felt under her hands or how his stubble felt against her skin when he kissed her. “Nice. You’ve got the cabin right next to mine.”
Thorsen’s lips kicked up in a smile that spelled trouble in an oh-so-sexy way. “I’m afraid I was rather mischievous and requested a place close to yours. Your friend—the one with the dashing good looks, who’s still in love with you, by the way—didn’t think you’d mind, though if it’s an issue, it’s easy enough to change.”
“Do you mean Logan?” She waved him away with a shocked laugh. “Sure, he loves me, but there is no way he’s in love with me. No way.”
His smile kicked up a notch and the look in his eyes said he didn’t believe her. “When did it end?”
“Ages ago—sort of.” She cringed, knowing how that sounded. “The winters can be long and lonely, is all—and he’s one of my best friends.” She waved him away and tried not to blush. The last thing she wanted to do was rehash old relationships and with Thorsen, no less. “If you must know, Logan’s always bugging me to get out there and date more. Do you really think he’d have given you the cabin next to mine otherwise?”
“So, it’s not a problem that I’ll be close by?” He ran the back of his fingers down her cheek and stole another kiss as she slipped away.
Taking his hand, she led him down the path away from the inn and towards the tree-shaded area where the cabins were situated. “Nope. Not a problem. And if you’re planning on staying for any length of time, then that’s hands down one of the nicer and roomier cottages, though I’m scared to think of what your bill will look like by the end of your stay.”
He shrugged, not looking too worried. “I haven’t gone on holiday in a very long time. As far as I’m concerned, it’s money well spent and a break like this is long overdue.”
“If you really do have plans to stay, then you might want to look into renting something.” She told herself not to get her hopes up, but it was damn hard to keep down the tiny bubbles of excitement bouncing around in her chest.
“I might have to do just that.” When he smiled at her, her body’s response to him was immediate, need and desire unfurling in her center and slipping south.
She knew she was throwing caution to the wind with Thorsen, especially when he’d only come into her life a day ago. And yet, she couldn’t help herself, given their history. How many people got a second chance with their first love? It was as if she’d awoken in a dream where her entire world was brighter and more vibrant. As long as he stuck around and didn’t go breaking her heart.
They took the steps up to the Neptune’s porch and Thorsen unlocked the door. “After you.”
Like her own cottage, his had a similar loft setup and a large stone fireplace running up to the cathedral ceiling, with walls painted a calming sea blue and trimmed in white. This cottage, however, was larger and had an additional bedroom located beneath the loft that served as a master, complete with master bath.
Riley looked around before turning to face him, hoping he’d like the place. “What do you think?”
“I think this is perfect.” Yet his eyes weren’t on the room, but rather on her with an intensity she couldn’t pull away from.
He leaned against the arm of the sofa, his long legs extended out in front of him, as he reached out and took her by the hand, slowly luring her in, until she was nestled between his legs. Her breath hitched when he ran his hands down her waist to her hips, capturing them in his firm grip as she wrapped her arms around his neck.
Her body thrummed in response to his touch, even if her troubles were still clawing at the corners of her mind. Losing herself in those blue eyes of his, she touched his cheek, liking the way his stubble felt against her palm. Covering her hand with his, he turned and kissed her palm. “I still can’t believe you’re here after all these years. What possessed you to come back—especially when you’ve been globe-trotting?”
When he kissed her neck, his stubble rubbed against her delicate skin and sent a wave of goose bumps rippling through her. “Like I said, there’s only ever been one reason, love. You.”
His words had her taking a deep breath to steady her pounding heart, and when he gently pulled her closer, a flutter took up in her belly, making it impossible to ignore the way his body felt up against hers. “Are you sure it’s not just your teenage crush talking?”
Thorsen ran his hands up her neck to cup her face, before brushing a thumb over her bottom lip, his eyes taking her in as if he could see nothing but her. “Does this feel like a teenage crush?”
And then he leaned in and kissed her, his lips hard on hers. He stole her breath and set every nerve in her body alight with need, staking his claim and leaving an indelible mark on her heart.
Desperate for him, for his touch, she pressed herself against him, his hard length impossible to ignore, sending a wave of need through her. When he nipped his way down her jawline to her neck and his hands slipped over her back to settle at her waist, she all but shivered under his touch. It had been too long—far too long.
His breathing was heavy and when he spoke, his voice was thick and ragged like wood smoke in the rain. “I want you, Riley. And after a lifetime of thinking of you, I need you to know that I’ll do whatever it takes to make you mine.”
Though the logical part of her brain wanted to protest against such a possessive comment, she couldn’t ignore how his words sent her pulse tripping over itself. Or how her breath hitched at the thought of being his. Still…she wasn’t one to just give in without a bit of a fight.
She was surprised to find her voice steady, despite the quiver in her stomach and the wobble in her knees. “So then, what are you going to do about it?”


Chapter Six

Riley’s challenge left Thorsen struggling not to take her then and there. Any and all thoughts of taking things slow, of waiting until the sale was finalized, dissipated in a wave of want and need, the animalistic urge to claim her impossible to ignore.
Just as he got ready to devour her, she slipped out of his grasp and with a teasing look over her shoulder, wandered across the room. “You’ve yet to see your new place.”
She spun to face him, taking another step backwards towards the bedroom, as if luring him in. And damn if he wasn’t ready to pounce. “You’re playing a dangerous game, lass.”
“Lass, is it?” Her eyebrows flicked up in a teasing flirt. “And are you my bonnie wee laddie then? I think I’d like that.”
“I just got through visiting a friend in Scotland. We could go if you want. But one thing’s for certain—I’ll be bonnie and I’ll be your laddie, but there’ll be nothing wee about it, darling.” And wasn’t that the bloody truth if his raging hard-on was anything to go by.
Her laugh made him want to get her alone and far away from the distractions and worries of the inn—though that would have to wait. He wasn’t going anywhere until he’d had his fill of her.
With a few long strides, he gained ground on her as she shifted towards the back of the cottage. He could easily catch up to her, but he didn’t mind playing her games, knowing that it’d only make catching her all the more sweet.
“If we go to Scotland, will you wear a kilt for me?” She flicked her eyebrows at him with a sexy smile.
“I would, though it’d not be staying on long.” Shifting towards her, he cut off her escape route and herded her back towards the bedroom.
“Ooo…tempting!” She let out a small giggle. “Or we could stay here and make the most of my time off.”
He was by her side in a heartbeat, snagging her off her feet and into his arms as he spun her around and she squealed with laughter. “You’re mine, darling. All mine.”
“Am I?” He heard her breath catch as her gaze roamed his face, settling on his lips for a moment before wandering to his eyes. “Yours… I’ll have to think about that. It might work.” She giggled again as he nipped at her bottom lip and covered her mouth with his, tasting her sweetness as his heart slipped another notch.
He wanted her like he’d wanted no one else before. And he was going to have her, time and again, until she was his, body and soul, until he’d claimed her heart the way she’d already claimed his.
“Mine.” He spoke the word against her skin, a low rumble in his throat, as if saying it again would make it true. As if saying it would make it feel less like the dream he’d played over and over in his head all the years past.
“Tell me again…” Her words were spoken against his lips as his hands skimmed over her curves and down to her hips, pulling her to him as he all but carried her off her feet and onto the bed.
“Mine, darling. I want you to be mine.” Yanking her t-shirt up over her head, he tossed it aside, and bent his head to her luscious breasts, biting her pert nipples through the sheer white lace. With a whimper of need, she arched her back as if to offer herself to him, her eager sounds spurring him on. Undoing the clasp, he set her breasts free, thinking her the most gorgeous creature he’d ever laid eyes on.
He bit one nipple and then the other, pulling each nub into his mouth, sucking and teasing them until she moaned, her fingers tangled in his hair and her heart beating just below the surface of her skin. Needing more of her, he trailed his kisses down over the curve of her stomach, her pants stopping his progress.
She pulled his t-shirt up over his head before he undid the button and zipper of her jeans. Grabbing at the waistband, he pulled them off her, taking her lace thong with them.
By the gods, she was beautiful.
After so many years of imagining this very moment, he could honestly say his imagination had not done her justice. His cock pulsed against the constraints of his jeans, desperate to be set free, desperate to have her. He stood to make quick work of his jeans and boxers when she came to his side and took over for him, tugging them down so he could toss them aside.
She ran her hand over his hard length so it pulsed in response to her touch—and then she dropped to her knees. His breath caught at the sight of her naked and kneeling before him. How he even found the words, he hadn’t a clue. “Riley, you don’t need to…”
“I want to, love.” Her hot breath on his cock had his hands dropping onto her head, his fingers tangling in her hair, as it took every ounce of self-control to not press himself past those full and luscious lips of hers.
She flicked her tongue at his head, licking the tip before taking him in her mouth. With her lips tight around his cock, she worked to take more of him with each pass, while her hand ran up and down the length of his shaft to stroke him. He couldn’t help but watch her, and the sight of her taking him had his self-control slipping.
Unable to help himself, he slowly thrust into her mouth, reveling in the way she took all of him. He dropped his head forward as he watched, his pace quickening as she worked her way to the very tip of his head before devouring him again. When she moaned, the vibration of it sent him reeling, and unable to help himself, he gently guided her head to take him deeper with each thrust, claiming her as his own as he surrendered his heart and soul to her.
Knowing how close he was, he let go of her, not wanting to force her into anything she might be uncomfortable with. “I’m going to come, darling.” Yet she didn’t pull away, but rather took all he had to offer as he groaned with his release and his cock pulsed until he was spent.
With his heart still racing, he scooped her up into his arms, and laid her on the bed. He kissed her, still not quite believing she was naked by his side, not quite believing she’d taken him as she had, and still wondering if it wasn’t all a dream. He was desperate to have her, taste her, desperate to make her come.
His hands slid over her body, pausing to tease her nipples as he trailed kisses over her luscious curves, before running his tongue over that delicate spot above the flair of her hips. He nipped at the soft skin of her inner thighs and then nestled himself between her legs, so his tongue could explore all she had to offer. He heard her breath catch as his tongue parted the folds of her skin, the taste of her like warm summer honey and the salty sea. When her hips shifted towards him and she knotted her fingers in his hair, he flicked her clit with his tongue and sucked at it while slipping a finger deep inside her and then another.
She moaned as he slowly thrust his fingers deep while teasing her clit, her breaths now coming in ragged, as her hips squirmed under him. He felt her muscles tense around his fingers as he continued to take her, knowing he was pushing her closer towards that delicious edge, her whimpers of need and pleasure making him hard again.
“Will you come for me, my love?” He spoke the words as a whisper against her slick folds, now knowing he would never feel complete without her in his arms. He consumed her body and soul, as she cried out and came, her body shuddering in its release.
He trailed kisses over her skin as he gave her the time she needed to recover before he took her again. For he had to have her, though he wasn’t sure his desire for her would ever be satiated.
Pulling him to her, she nipped at his bottom lip and kissed him as her hand stroked his hard length. It took all he had to pause long enough to slip on some protection. She opened up for him, her knees falling to the side as he lowered his body over hers and with a deep thrust, buried himself to the hilt, his head spinning with need. He stayed there with her pinned under him until she started to grind her hips against him with a whimper.
“Please…Thorsen.” The plea in her voice left him dizzy. He slowly pulled out to the curve of his head and then thrust into her hard, pinning her once more, sending her squirming as her legs wrapped around him.
“Tell me what you need, Riley.” He’d never wanted anyone more. Yet he knew drawing things out would leave them both spent and satisfied in the end. He pulled out slowly again, before following it with another slow, deep thrust, eliciting an eager moan from her sweet lips. “Answer me, sweet Summer.”
Before she could fully protest, he slipped out of her, and spun her around, getting a perfect view of her plump arse before he nestled himself against her. Tangling his fingers in her hair, he gently pulled her back towards him so he could feast on her neck while his other hand dipped between her legs to tease her clit.
The way she slumped against him with a whimper of need, he knew she’d not be able to take much more. And then she gave him the answer he sought, her words a whisper upon sweet lips. “I want you, Thorsen. I want you to make me come again.”
He couldn’t help but smile. “I’ll try to oblige you then, darling.”
Words were no longer needed between them, and he bent her forward just enough to plunge into her slick heat, before letting her slip free onto on all fours. With his hands gripping her hips, he took her from behind, burying himself with slow purpose.
“Mine…” When his pace started to pick up and he knew he could take little more, he leaned forward and held her to him with an arm across her chest and shoulder, still thrusting deep.
He nipped at her neck as her muscles tightened around his hard length and he knew she too could take little more. And then she came again, and it was enough to push him over the edge to his release, as she quivered in his arms, his heart forever hers as she spoke the words he needed to hear. “Yours, love. I’m all yours.”
***
Thorsen should’ve felt damn guilty about taking Riley to his bed when he had yet to tell her he was part of Holt Enterprises. Yet how could he when having her in his arms was like his heart and soul had finally come home? Their one and only night together so many years ago had been incredibly special. But now? What they had before was still there, but the connection between them felt stronger—and it had nothing to do with the mind-blowing sex.
Even if he was guilty of far too much, he couldn’t regret wanting her. Not when she was curled up against his side, her naked body molded to his, their limbs entwined. Never before had he felt more whole.
If it were possible for him to be honest with her, he’d have done so without hesitation. But for now there was nothing he could do but wait it out. He’d soon be able to tell her everything, and in the meantime, making her happy was his top priority. Once the sale of the inn was finalized, he’d do all he could to keep Riley’s artist retreats and writer conferences, knowing she had vested so much time and effort in them, and they were dear to her heart.
What else could he do?
She stirred in his arms and nestled closer to him, kissing the crook of his neck. Even that small gesture of affection had him going hard again, though if he took her again, he didn’t think the poor girl would be capable of walking. They’d napped into the evening, their afternoon spent taking each other time and again, lunch long forgotten—not that he needed anything but her to sustain him.
When her hand dipped low to stroke him, he twined his fingers with hers, stopping her with an escaped laugh. “You know I’d like nothing more, darling, but we need to eat. Keep our energy up for later.”
Laying across his chest, she looked up at him, her dark hair in a tangled tumble that clearly spoke of their adventures. “I should probably check in with the front desk and make sure everything’s okay. They’re good about handling things, but I still worry. Not that it matters.”
And just like that, the guilt he’d managed to keep at bay came back with a fury. “You mentioned that you now have a few weeks off. What happened in that meeting, Riley?”
Her eyes watered, but she blinked them clear. “I had some vacation time accrued and was told I needed to take it. It was just a way to get me out of everyone’s hair, since I’ve refused to let that woman steamroll everything that makes the inn special. But since there’s nothing that can be done about the sale of the inn or my forced vacation, I have few options short of quitting.”
“You can’t quit, love. Not when this place means so much to you.” He cupped her cheek and kissed her, wishing he could take away her pain and worries. Yet confessing any part of his role in the sale of the inn wasn’t an option. Not only would he jeopardize his standing in the company—and wouldn’t that jerk of a cousin of his just love that—it could also result in him losing what little control he might have over helping her keep the inn the way she wanted it.
And yet he knew there was more to it now. Those may have been his reasons to start with, but that had also been before he’d realized she didn’t want Holt to purchase the inn. Now that he knew her feelings on the matter—and now that things had quickly gone to hell, courtesy of Anna Blake—the truth was that he wanted to solidify their relationship a bit more before coming clean.
“Or…” She looked at him with an uncertain smile. “I could try to find a way to buy the place.”
He wanted to groan. That could be disastrous. “Do you have those sorts of funds?”
With a weary exhale, her shoulders slumped so she looked deflated, physically and emotionally. “Not even close. I mean, we’re talking millions. And there’s no way the little money I have saved would even be enough for a down payment if I tried to get a loan. The only thing that might work would be to get together several people willing to invest in the inn. But…”
“But the sale is in two weeks, right?” She nodded—not that he needed her to confirm that. “Maybe it won’t be so bad, Riley. They might be able to give you a bigger budget to work with. You could hire more staff, make improvements. It could be good, darling.”
“That may very well be the case, but it doesn’t mean they’ll keep the programs we currently offer.” She shook her head and looked away, squeezing her eyes shut. “If they get rid of everything that makes the Siren special, then it won’t be the same place I fell in love with. And frankly, I don’t know that I can stand by and watch some corporate jerks ruin this place.”
He pushed back his anger with Anna and resisted the urge to call Ethan to see if he’d found out what the hell was going on. If he could help her forget her worries—if he could give her something more positive to focus on—then maybe she wouldn’t take the sale of the inn so hard. “Maybe you just need to get away from here for a bit. Make the most of your time off.”
“It’s not like I’ve come up with a way to stop what’s happening.” She let out a ragged and weary sigh, but then looked up at him, and gave him a small smile. “I guess this means your timing couldn’t have been any more perfect. Don’t suppose you’d like to help distract me—or help me conjure up a plan to buy the inn?”
Knowing that Holt had made a generous offer on the inn, he didn’t think Riley would manage to scrape together that sort of money, and the last thing he wanted was for her to be disappointed or upset once more. It was going to be hard enough telling her he was part of Holt when the time did come, and he didn’t want to cause her even more heartache along the way.
All he could do was try to make her happy and divert her attention from her problems. “Then how about we go away for a few days? I’ve got a friend who’s offered me his jet, so no place is too far away.”
Her mouth popped open in surprise, her eyes wide as she playfully slapped his chest. “You have a friend who has a jet? And they’re letting you use it?”
He couldn’t tell her the jet was his—or worse, that it actually belonged to Holt. But he did think it would do her some good to get away from the inn and the island. “In my line of work, you manage to accumulate a fair number of favors.”
Her eyes narrowed as a mischievous grin danced upon her lips. “And what exactly did you do for Interpol?”
“I’m no longer with Interpol, love, and when I was, it was always a bit of this and that. I’ve been doing contract work the last few years, but those tend to be the jobs that get you into the most bizarre predicaments.” Dangerous too, though he refused to let her know what his life had really been like.
He’d managed to rack up more than his share of enemies who’d be happy to see him dead given half the chance. Inheriting his father’s share of Holt was just the excuse he needed to try to settle down and live a normal life. Maybe even start a family.
She ran her finger over a line of pale skin on his chest, and then another one, though there were still more to be had. “Is that how you got these scars? Getting yourself out of bizarre predicaments?” Her tone was more serious and subdued than he’d ever heard it, and he wished he could have hidden that part of his life from her.
“Nah…got those from an evil cat I had growing up. She was the size of a raccoon and meaner than a wolverine trapped in a sack. She was my mum’s and didn’t like anyone but her.” He gave her a crooked smile, happy to see some of the worry in her eyes fade.
“I don’t believe it for a second, but I’ll let it go.” She gave him a bashful grin that had him leaning over to kiss her. “So, these friends of yours…I don’t suppose any of them would want to buy an inn?”
“Only if the inn comes with a casino, a steady stream of drink and a gaggle of supermodels. I’m afraid they aren’t really the sort of people who’d enjoy the Siren for what it is.” He stole another kiss, wanting her once more. “But we can still get away, if you’d like. Where would you like to go? Paris? Hong Kong? London? Florence? Santorini?”
She seemed to mull it over while chewing on her bottom lip. “Though I’ve always wanted to go to the Greek Islands and Florence, I was wondering if we could stay closer to home—your home.”
“Mine?” He didn’t quite understand. “I’ve never settled in any one place for too long, love.”
She shook her head and sat up, her hair cascading over her shoulder. “Then your family—where did they come from? When you think of home, of your parents, what place do you think of?”
“Well, my father was from England and I’ve spent a fair amount of time there, and my mother’s from Norway.” With his father’s passing, his mother had moved back to their home up in the north of Norway. Not ideal for their first trip away.
“Ah…that explains it.” She shook her head with a laugh, her cheeks flaming with color.
His eyes narrowed as he pinned her with a curious stare. “What do you mean? What does it explain? My accent?”
“Yeah…your accent.” She then threw her head back and laughed. “And why you look like a Viking.”
“A Viking?” He shook his head. “I don’t look like a Viking, darling.”
“Oh, but you do. Like you rode in on some Valkyrie’s shield over a field of the dead, and you’re ready to claim your spoils.” She slipped a leg across his body and straddled him, pinning his hard cock between her slick heat and his body.
By the gods—and the Valkyries. She had claimed his heart. Just like that. “Are you my spoils then? Does it mean I get to have my way with you?”
Her smile had his heart skipping a beat. “I sure as hell hope so.”


Chapter Seven

Standing around the kitchen in Thorsen’s cabin, Riley twined her fingers with his while mulling over his offer to fly them to some fabulous city, far away from all her problems. At least they’d finally managed to get some clothes on.
“I don’t know…would you hate me if we just stayed local ?” Riley bit her bottom lip, while wondering if she was being a fool. “I know they won’t need me for anything—and that horrid woman, Anna, certainly doesn’t want me around—but there’s so much going on this weekend. I don’t want to abandon them completely, on the off chance something goes wrong.”
“Then we need not go far, if it’ll have you worried.” Thorsen brushed the hair from her face, and gave her a quick kiss. “Maybe a day-trip or an overnight stay somewhere not too far? Where would you like to go?”
She shrugged and slipped her arms around his waist, loving how his solid form felt when she snuggled up against him and he held her tightly. “I honestly don’t mind where we end up, as long as I get to be with you.”
It was completely unlike her to fall for anyone this hard, let alone so fast. Yet it seemed like her heart had a mind all its own when it came to Thorsen. And why wouldn’t it? The sweet and chivalrous boy had turned into a sweet, handsome, and smart man. Not to mention sexy and damn good in bed.
Or maybe her heart had been holding out for Thorsen all along.
Yet she still worried this was all temporary. His vacation would eventually have to come to an end and real life would set in. Then what? She couldn’t imagine he’d be moving to Mermaid Isle permanently—and she couldn’t see herself moving away or following him around the globe as he chased down criminals. He might be done with Interpol, but it’s not like he’d completely changed his line of work if he was still taking on contracts.
He sighed and shook his head, as if reading her thoughts. “Riley, I know things are moving fast. It’d be easy to brush this all off as a continuation of our teenage crush, but I swear, there’s more to it than that and I meant what I said. This isn’t a fling.”
It may not be a fling, but it’s not like she could ignore the fact that they might be building things up in their heads, based on some fantasy or shared past. The reality of what a real relationship might be like could easily turn out quite different once the newness of it all faded away. And yet…she had to believe there was something to the feelings she had for him.
“I totally get it.” She tucked a stray curl behind her ear and stole a kiss. “It’s not like I’m normally like this with other guys, Thorsen.”
She could have sworn he growled, something feral coming from deep within that broad chest of his.
“I’d hope not.” And then as if catching himself, he forced out a breath. “Not that your life and your relations are any of my business.”
Riley had to bite back the laugh that wanted to burst out of her, knowing full well that he was forcing himself to be calm and logical—which made his small jealous streak kind of endearing. With a teasing look, she sidled against him, resisting the urge to bite his lip. “Thorsen Black, could it be…am I detecting a smidge of jealousy?”
He shrugged, his lips tugging into a smile as he pulled her close so that the feel of him pressed against her erased all thoughts from her mind except what it felt like when he made her come. “I’ve no right to be jealous of any of the blokes you’ve been with, although, Riley…at this point, I don’t think I could share you with another and not want to rip their head clean off their body.”
And she’d put good money on him knowing exactly how to manage such a thing, and probably in more ways than one.
“What exactly are you saying, Thorsen?” Her insides tightened as she waited for his response, excitement warring with a bit of fear.
Things might be moving fast between them, but it felt right, damn it, and she had to stop second-guessing herself. Even if it ended up as nothing more than a summer fling, she thought it would be worth it—’cause this felt like the sort of romance that could sustain a person, the sort of romance she would think back on when she was old and gray.
It made her realize that she wanted this. Whatever it may be and for however long.
“I’m saying that I won’t share you with another, Riley. I can’t. I’m not normally this intense—or demanding—but with you? I can’t be any other way.” He let out a ragged breath and cupped her face in his hands, the feel of them strong and warm and capable. Leaning in, he nipped her bottom lip before stealing a whisper of a kiss that spoke of so much promise. “Can you deal with that, love? Can you deal with me wanting you? Because I do want you, Riley…like I’ve wanted no other.”
“I’ve no interest in being with anyone else, but Thorsen…you’re here on vacation. Eventually real life will get in the way, and you’ll go home.” It wouldn’t help either of them if they were delusional.
“I can stay as long as I want.” Though his shrug seemed casual, his gaze was still intense enough to have her heart knocking around in her chest. “I have nowhere to be, Riley. And any work I pick up will be short term and will require travel, which means I need a home base—and that could be anywhere. That’s the reality of my life.”
“You say that now, but wait until you’re freezing your patootie off in the middle of a Maine winter with the brutal winds blowing in off the Atlantic, and you’re bored to tears. Don’t get me wrong—the island’s perfect for a vacation, especially in the summer, but when you live here, it’s easy to run out of options for entertainment.” Of course, she kept busy with the inn and there was the mainland, but still. “After all your international adventures—”
“I need a break. I want to settle down to a quieter life. And how could I possibly get bored when you offer the finest entertainment?” His piercing gaze took her in, making her blush seven ways to Sunday. “As for your Maine winters, do you really think they’ll be worse than the ones I spent in Norway? Even the elk wanted to put on sweaters.”
That earned him a smile and a quick kiss, her body pressing against his so she was once more tempted. “Okay. You’re probably fine with the cold then. But if you are going to stick around, then that means we have time, right? Not that I mind the mind-blowing sex, but emotionally, I don’t want to go rushing into things. I’m not saying I don’t like the intensity of what we have, but…” Crap. Why was she telling him all this? As always, her mouth seemed to have a mind all its own. “I could fall for you all over again, Thorsen. Harder than I did even the first time around, and I don’t think I could deal with a broken heart on top of everything else that’s going on with the inn. I don’t know that I ever got over you after our summer together, and if things went wrong this time around, I don’t think I’d ever recover.”
He cupped her face in his hand and kissed her. “I won’t break your heart, darling. How could I, when I can’t remember ever being happier?”
She looked up at him and smiled, trying to lighten the mood after her heart-wrenching confession. “That’s just the post-sex buzz talking.”
He barked out a laugh and held her tightly, wrapping her in his big arms so she was enveloped in his warmth and bulk. “You might be right, love, but I still think there’s more to it than that.”
She sure as hell hoped he was right, because despite the words she’d just spoken, she could already feel her heart teetering on one hell of a slippery slope.
***
Riley awoke the next morning in Thorsen’s bed, her body nestled against his, securely wrapped in his strong arms. The diaphanous curtains caught the breeze coming in through the windows they’d opened, and though it promised to be a beautiful summer day, the night had been chilly, and the air had yet to warm. She hunkered down further in Thorsen’s embrace, the heat of his body contrasting against the cool air in a most delicious manner.
“Are you still up for a day-trip? Maybe head south along the coast?” Thorsen trailed a hand down her back and then quickly kissed her.
“That sounds perfect. We can grab some breakfast here and then take the bridge over to the mainland since we’re in no hurry. Ogunquit’s really pretty, as is Newburyport—just a bit further south, if you’re interested.” She ran her fingers down his chest and kissed the hollow at the base of his neck.
“Maybe pack a bag for a few days. Just in case.” Thorsen let out a grunt of need as her hands continued to wander. “We’ll only be a few hours away if the inn needs you to come back for any reason.”
“Sounds perfect.”
By the time they made it to the inn for breakfast, she was starving and suspected Thorsen could probably eat out half the kitchen. And she might be hungry, but food would have to wait until she had at least one cup of coffee in her. She quickly doctored her brew with enough cream and sugar to make her feel guilty, and stole a sip before moving on to grab some food.
The breakfast buffet was plentiful and varied, but she could never resist the pecan pancakes with warmed maple syrup that had been harvested locally. She quickly added a couple more tidbits and morsels to her plate and then grabbed a seat across from Thorsen.
Cradling the cup of coffee in her hands, she held the mug to her face and inhaled deeply, the richly scented brew filling her head as she took a long sip, its effect on her like magic. She looked across the table to Thorsen, who was already digging into a massive pile of food, eating like he was the runt in a family of ten and the food might disappear if he didn’t get to it fast enough. “Are you really going to eat all that?”
“I am. And then I’ll go get seconds—and maybe thirds.” He flicked his eyebrows up in a tease, before taking a bite of his bacon with his eyes still locked on hers. “I’ve got a fast metabolism and want to keep my energy up for later.”
A furious blush bloomed across her cheeks as a molten heat thrummed between her legs at the thought of him taking her again. Before she managed to find her voice again, his cell phone buzzed. He checked it, paused as if debating whether or not to answer it, and then hit a button to dismiss the call, setting it aside on the table. “If you need to take that or call them back, feel free. It’s not like I couldn’t do with another cup of coffee.”
“It’s nothing that can’t wait.” He gave her a small smile, but she noticed his gaze still drifted back to his phone a few minutes later.
“Are you sure?” She didn’t want him ignoring things just because she was around. “I know how important work can be.”
“Eat up, love. Work is not on my agenda for the day, and I’d like to get going before long”— he leaned in, propping his arms on the table —“or I’m liable to skip our trip and drag you back to my cabin to have my way with you. Make you scream my name. I’m in the mood to pillage and plunder, sweet Summer.”
She nearly gulped at his words. The blush on her cheeks kicked up another notch, and sent a pulse throbbing between her legs in time to her heartbeat. It was insane that he could have such an effect on her in so little time.
“Is that so?” Her voice sounded a few octaves too high and breathy, like she couldn’t quite get enough air.
“It is.” He flicked his tongue out to lick his lower lip and then bit that same spot, her gaze held captive by the action, knowing full well what that tongue was capable of. “Shall I prove it to you? Our day-trip can wait.”
She all but squirmed in her chair as if it could possibly offer her a bit of relief. “It is rather tempting…”
Thorsen then looked down with a crooked grin, not quite managing to suppress a laugh. “No pressure, darling, though it looks like your decision is being waited for with bated breath. I believe our novelists have a bit of a curious streak and are looking to see if this might turn out like one of their romances.”
Riley looked over at the table of writers, and sure enough, they were all watching with too keen an interest. She had to laugh—and blush, since it was clear she’d been getting up to no good with Thorsen. Not only had they walked into breakfast together, but she suspected that even a blind man could tell that their interactions had crossed over to a more intimate nature. And after seasons of hosting the romance conventions, she knew that those writers could pick up on the slightest bit of attraction between two people—which meant she and Thorsen were probably as obvious as a strobe light in the pitch dark.
She gave them a smile and a finger wave before turning back to Thorsen with a laugh. “Those women are too funny.”
“And it’s because of all the fun and interesting people who keep coming back to the Siren that you can’t let this place change. I get that, Riley.” He reached across the table and gave her hand a squeeze. “I’ll do whatever I can to help.”
“That’s really sweet of you, but unless you have a big chunk of money stashed away and want to buy the inn, I think our hands are tied. If Holt doesn’t want to see the importance of keeping the inn’s uniqueness, there won’t be much any of us can do.” She shook her head and pushed the thought aside, refusing to let her problems get in the way of her time with Thorsen. “But today’s not about that. The way I see it is we have two choices—you can either take me back to your bed and have your way with me or we can get on the road and find new places where you can have your way with me. As far as I’m concerned, it’s a win-win either way.”
“I’ll not argue with you there, darling.”


Chapter Eight

Though Thorsen couldn’t resist the brief distraction of falling into Riley’s bed when they went to pack her overnight bag, it didn’t take long for them to get on the road. Since he’d turned in his rental before taking the ferry over to Mermaid Isle, they took Riley’s little SUV. He liked watching her drive—liked watching her, period. Especially when she was happy—and when her eyes weren’t darkened with worry.
Ethan had called during breakfast, and though he needed to know what Anna and Mark were up to, it would have to wait until he could get a few moments away from Riley. It’d be impossible to discuss things with her present, especially if he didn’t want her growing suspicious.
She pulled him from his thoughts with a sideways glance and a sultry smile. “This entire area will be really pretty once the leaves start to change colors in the fall. The oaks primarily turn a gold color, but it’s the maple trees that turn that gorgeous red and orange.”
He brushed her hair from her shoulder so that his fingers lingered against her skin, unable to resist touching her. “We’ll have to take another trip then, once the leaves change.”
When her smile faded, it left him wondering if he’d said something wrong, though he already suspected he might know what might be the problem.
“So you really are thinking of staying?”
“Darling…” Thorsen had to laugh. “I don’t know what I need to do to convince you that I’m serious about staying—and I’m serious about you.”
She shrugged with a smile that made him wish she’d pull over so he could flip her seat back and go exploring. “Well, I’m sure you’re capable of finding a way to convince me.”
Bloody hell, she had him going hard again. “That I am, though I’ll need to make sure I do a more thorough job of convincing you.”
Yet the more serious things got between them, the bigger his deception felt. Once again, he thought of telling her about his role in the sale, but quickly dismissed it, knowing it’d probably only muck things up further, especially when Mark was looking for any excuse to get controlling interest.
Riley reached out and took his hand in hers. “I’ll admit, having you on the island is going to make the winter lull a hell of a lot more enjoyable. If you stick around that long.”
“I’m not going anywhere, Riley.” His voice came out more intense than he’d anticipated or wanted. “I’d planned to come back to the island even before I found out you were working at the inn, though I’ll admit, it was fueled by memories of our summers together.”
“But that was ages ago, Thorsen.” She sounded so worried and reluctant. Like she’d had her heart broken or been involved with others who ended up leaving.
“I’m fully aware that things have changed—that we’ve changed since then. However, I enjoyed myself that summer, and if I have to settle somewhere, why not pick a place that’s dear to my heart?” It was more or less the truth—even if his reasons for staying on Mermaid Isle long term had more to do with Riley than he was willing to admit to her.
“I guess so. I mean, it’s why I came back year after year, and why I’ve stayed.” She pulled onto a road that ran parallel to the coastline, the sun’s rays sparkling on the ocean surface. “We should be in Portland shortly—about another thirty minutes.”
“Sounds perfect.” His smile was interrupted by a buzzing sound. Thorsen glanced at his phone, expecting to find Ethan’s name on the screen. But it wasn’t Ethan. It was Mark.
Fuck.
He wasn’t sure if Mark was just calling to harass him about taking an active role within Holt or if Mark had caught on that he was at the Siren. Either way, Ethan would be able to find out more.
“I don’t mind if you take the call, Thorsen. It could be something important.” She threw him a teasing grin. “I promise I won’t listen in on any of your super-spy secrets.”
“If only it were anything that exciting. I’m afraid it’s nothing more than work, and since I’m on vacation, whatever it is can wait.” He made sure not to telegraph his thoughts or emotions to his face or demeanor, not wanting Riley to pick up on what was actually going on.
Luckily, their plans for the day were a pleasant distraction. The rest of their morning was spent in Portland, walking around and checking out the shops and historic waterfront before heading to picturesque Ogunquit for a late lunch.
Thorsen sat on a picnic bench across from Riley with a view of the ocean just beyond, a sea breeze keeping the summer heat from becoming unbearable. At least for a short while, he could ignore his problems—especially easy to do when he had Riley to focus on. The sun had set her dark hair aflame, picking up on all the deep reds, as the wind tugged at her locks. Yet it was her eyes that kept him mesmerized as they shifted from green to aqua, so the flecks of brown became more noticeable.
And then she licked some mayo off her finger before flicking her tongue over those full kissable lips. The effect she had on him was immediate and intense, all logical thought burning up in a wave of want and need.
“Don’t you like your lobster roll?” Her brow furrowed as she looked at his plate of food. Distracted with his thoughts, he’d only taken a bite or two. “They’ve got other stuff, if you’d prefer something different.”
He shook his head no, hoping it would also snap him out of his daze. “Actually, this is perfect. It’s been awhile since I had one of these. It’s even better than I remembered.”
And it really was—the hotdog bun was buttered and grilled to a golden brown, before being piled high with succulent lobster meat, the natural sweetness of it accented with a touch of mayo. It was the quintessential New England summer food.
But the best part was the company he was keeping. He could easily get used to this. If his phone would stop buzzing. That was the fifth call.
Riley laughed. “Would you just take it? You’re not going to get any peace until then.”
She was right, damn it. “I’m sorry, darling. I’ll be just a moment.”
With a smile and a wave of her hand, she shooed him away. He answered his phone as he moved past the tables, far enough to not be overheard. “Ethan…what is it?”
“Bloody hell, Eirik. Where the hell have you been all day?” Ethan’s voice bordered on panic, which likely meant his dear friend was stressed—not an uncommon occurrence, though with everything else that was going on, Thorsen hoped things weren’t going to hell.
“I was taking a drive down the coastline and couldn’t really get away. What did you find out about Anna?”
“Looks like Mark was behind sending Anna to Maine. He convinced some of the board members that it would be a good idea to send a lawyer to look into the current running of the inn, in order to ensure it’ll be profitable for Holt—or to find a way to make the board think the inn was a bad purchase and your idea.” Ethan let out a weary sigh. “You’d barely left the Boston office when he started conspiring against you.”
“It’s a good purchase, Ethan. They know that—they saw the financials.” Damn it. If Mark convinced them that purchasing the inn was a bad business decision, then before long he’d be arguing that Holt would be better off with someone else at the helm.
“Do you think it’ll matter if Anna finds that the financials are indeed sound? If Mark sent her, then she’ll find a way to skew things to their favor so the numbers don’t add up even if they should.” Ethan was silent, but Thorsen knew Ethan wasn’t done. “If they find out you’re there, Eirik…”
“If they find out I’m here, I’ll be justified, since they’ve gone behind my back and sent Anna Blake.” At least he hoped the board would see it that way. They may very well not. “Mark also called me, though I didn’t pick up. I don’t know what the hell he wants, but I’m sure it’s just more of the same.”
“I’ll look into it.” Ethan let out a weary sigh that had Thorsen thinking it might be a good idea for his friend to come up to Mermaid Isle for a bit of a break. Thorsen’s current business dealings had left Ethan with a pretty full and stressful plate.
“I appreciate it. And I’ll let you know if I find anything out on my end.”
“Does she know?” Ethan’s tone was…annoyed.
“Does who know?” Thorsen feigned ignorance and stupidity, hoping it would fly and knowing it wouldn’t.
“You know damn well who I’m talking about. That girl.” Ethan’s voice kicked up a notch, and Thorsen could already picture the vein bulging on his friend’s forehead. “The one all this is for—and don’t go telling me it’s not about her. Does she know you’re the one who orchestrated the inn’s purchase? That you did this for her?”
It was Thorsen’s turn to sigh. “No…she doesn’t know, and quite frankly, I don’t think she’ll be too happy about it either.”
“Why the hell not?” Ethan was now yelling, and there was no doubt in Thorsen’s mind that the bulging vein was now throbbing. “You’ll be able to give the inn the financial backing it needs to make it a viable contender as one of the premier resorts in the country.”
And that was exactly the problem. If he didn’t completely overhaul the inn and change it to a luxury resort, the financial projections wouldn’t add up and the board would have his head. Yet if he did change things to keep the board happy and hold onto his position within Holt, then Riley would never forgive him. Clearly, he hadn’t figured on her not wanting the types of changes he’d been thinking of, and that put one hell of a big wrench in the works.
“It’s complicated, Ethan. But I’ll make it work, all right? Just keep me informed if anything else changes.”
“Well, that would require you answering your phone—so let’s try that the next time around. Okay?”
“Goodbye, Ethan.” Thorsen hung up and cursed. Damn it. He was screwed.
Not wanting Riley to know there was anything wrong, he did his best to push aside his worries before heading back to her. “Sorry about that.”
“Not a problem.” She looked up at him as he shifted into his seat, her gaze taking him in before she pursed her lips into a frown. “Is everything okay?”
“Aye, darling.” He managed a smile to keep her from worrying. “It was just my assistant checking in on a few things. Ethan doesn’t like it if he can’t get a hold of me.”
“An assistant, huh? Nice.” She picked up an onion ring and took a bite. “So does he wrangle your spy schedule for you?”
He had to laugh. “I’m not a spy, sweet Summer. Not even close.”
“Hit man?”
“Nope.”
“Bounty hunter?”
He shrugged with a smile. “Let’s just say I help coordinate the capture of certain criminals.”
“With your super powers?” When she waggled an eyebrow at him, he burst out laughing.
He put his elbows on the table and leaned forward, suddenly wanting her close. And just wanting her, period. He didn’t think he’d ever get his fill. “And what super powers would those be?”
“After last night, I can certainly think of a few, though I’m not sure if you’d be using those particular powers to catch criminals.” A teasing smile tugged at her lips, her eyes alight with mischief. “Or maybe you are? Is that what you do, Thorsen? Seduce criminals until they’re helpless to do anything but obey your every command?”
“Is that my super power then? Might have to double-check once I get you alone.” And at the rate they were going, he’d be lucky if they actually made it to a room before he ravaged her.
“Then I guess I’ll have to try my best to behave—or not. Misbehaving is always a fun option, don’t you think?”
Bloody hell. He was doomed.


Chapter Nine

The sun was starting to set by the time Riley pulled into Newburyport—a pretty coastal town in the northern part of Massachusetts. It was a beautiful blend of historic elements mixed with modern, all of it picture-perfect and quaint. Brick buildings and walkways, large colonial homes, cute little boutiques and restaurants, all highlighted with pops of color from the flowerboxes and hanging planters that overflowed with riots of blooms. In a way, it reminded her of Mermaid Isle, though the island was quirkier.
They decided to get a room at a local inn right in the center of the pretty little town so it’d be easy to go exploring. Thorsen took her hand in his as they crossed the road and wandered down a pedestrian-only pathway surrounded by shops, tall shady trees, wooden benches, and a stone fountain in the center of it all.
Her hand felt small in Thorsen’s as he brought it to his lips, the gesture feeling at once new and just a bit old-fashioned. It left her stomach fluttering and all her senses heightened, aware of his every touch, every nuance. “Have you been here before? It reminds me a bit of Europe.”
“I used to come here with my parents, though it’s changed over the years. For the better. It was always pretty nice, but now? It’s gorgeous. They’ve done a good job with it all—perfect for drawing in tourists, even if it’s just for a day-trip. And it’s only an hour north of Boston.” Already, Riley was thinking of small changes she could propose to the Mermaid Isle Chamber of Commerce.
“You’re thinking of the inn and the island, aren’t you?” He gave her a sideways glance and a smile, so his eyes sparkled like magic in the light of the setting sun. The mere sight of him stirred her senses and her desire for him, so she was forced to concentrate on what he was asking her. And damn…the way his smile kicked up meant he knew exactly the sort of effect he was having on her.
“Yeah…the island and the Siren.” She forced herself to take a deep breath and calm the hell down. She was acting like a horny teenager—or worse, some love-sick girl totally crushing on the guy of her dreams. And she wasn’t. He wasn’t.
Except that he totally was. He was the guy of her dreams, which was probably why no one else had ever quite measured up.
Crap.
Her life was in a total upheaval, and Thorsen was supposed to be nothing but a pleasant distraction while her life went down the toilet. Nothing more than her catching up with an old friend and childhood crush.
Nothing more.
“What’s going on in that pretty little head of yours, sweet Summer?” Thorsen stopped walking and slowly slipped a strong arm around her waist, pulling her close and holding her firm against his hard muscular form.
Her breath immediately hitched at the nearness of him, and sent her heart racing. Images of him naked, of him taking her, of her on her knees before him, flooded her head as her need for him unfurled in her stomach and slipped south.
Damn.
She did her best to wrangle her thoughts back to what they’d been discussing—or attempting to discuss before her hormones hijacked her brain. “I’m thinking of the inn. Hard not to with all that’s going on.”
He ran the back of his hand down her cheek. “Is that why you’re blushing?”
When he bent his head to hers and nuzzled her with a teasing brush of his lips, her eyelids fluttered closed and she couldn’t manage anything but quick shallow breaths. She wanted to tell him that she wasn’t blushing, but she could already feel the burning heat dance across her cheeks. It was only made worse by the knowledge that he could likely read her thoughts and knew exactly where they’d strayed to.
“I swear, Thorsen…I’m not normally like this.” Not even close. She liked sex, but Thorsen kicked her need into overdrive.
He tilted her chin up and looked at her, his gaze intense as he took her in. “Good. Because I don’t want to be just another guy, Riley. I don’t want to be your norm. ’Cause you sure as hell aren’t just another woman or lover. Do you understand what I’m telling you, darling?”
She nodded, and leaned against him, their lips barely touching in a whisper of a kiss. “I think I do.”
And she did. Every cell in her body, every fiber of her being told her this was different—and she supposed it always had been. Thorsen was unlike any man she’d ever met, and certainly unlike any lover she’d ever had. She’d had good lovers before—great lovers. But Thorsen left her feeling at once satiated and needy, like she would never get her fill of him. He made her feel beautiful, empowered…special. Like there was no one in the world who mattered more.
And now that she’d been with him, now that she’d had him once more, had a taste for him, knew what it was like to have him hold her in his gaze, in his arms…she didn’t think any other man would do.
“I know I walked into your life unexpectedly, and this has been intense—but there’s nothing I can do about it, Riley. I keep telling myself to take a step back and slow the hell down, if for no other reason than to not spook you, but I can’t seem to manage it, love. And frankly, I’m not really sure I want it to be any different.” Thorsen brushed his thumb across her cheek, his eyes still locked on hers, though there was a hint of uncertainty there, as if he was waiting to see how she’d react to his words.
If it had been any other guy coming on this strong, she had no doubt she’d be strapping on her running shoes and bolting. But with Thorsen? Everything about it felt so right.
“I keep telling myself that there’s no rush. That we have time, especially if you’re going to be staying on the island. It’s been mere days, right?” She ran her hands up his chest as the solid feel of him under her palms sent her pulse tripping. She felt as if she were on the uphill climb of a rollercoaster, anticipating an exhilarating ride. “Days. And yet I can’t manage to stay sane or logical around you. You have my head spinning, Thorsen. I’m falling for you all over again. Hard and fast, and…crap. It scares me.”
“Och, love…” With his brows drawn in worry, he cupped her face, his touch so incredibly gentle. “I’d do anything to make you happy, Riley. Anything. The last thing I want is to make you uncomfortable or have you second-guessing what you’re feeling. It’s never been my intention.”
She clasped his wrists, anchoring herself to him. “I know. And the truth of the matter is I like what’s between us, even if it’s crazy and scary and intense.”
He let out a sigh, and the lines between his brows eased just enough to keep him from looking worried, though his gaze was no less intense. “I’m relieved to hear that, darling.”
He leaned in and brushed her lips with his, as his fingers slipped into her hair and pulled her close. As his kiss deepened, her body went soft against his hard form and she lost herself in him, in his kiss, so that nothing else mattered.
His kisses slowed, though he still kept his head bent to hers as he spoke. “Are we okay, then?”
She stole a quick kiss and gave him a smile, excitement racing through her. “Yeah. We’re okay.”
He trailed a finger from her cheek down her neck and between her breasts, making her breath catch and her skin ripple with goose bumps. “Good. ’Cause once we’re done wandering through this pretty little town and we’ve finished grabbing something to eat, I’m taking you back to our room, Riley. And then I’m going to ravage you. I’m going to take you time and again. And I’m going to make you scream my name. I want you…heart and soul…and every way imaginable. Do you have a problem with any of that?”
She could barely take in enough air to get her words out. “No, I think that sounds…perfect.”
***
The anticipation of what would come at the end of the evening had Riley’s stomach knotted with a delicious tension. It also left her with a heightened awareness, not only of how her own body reacted to Thorsen, but also of Thorsen himself. The way his hair was a blend of gold and cognac, but his stubble also held a hint of red. How his skin was dusted in a layer of pale freckles. How the corners of his eyes were creased with lines from smiling and how his eyes lit up when he looked at her. How his hands felt so large and capable when he touched her, and that he seemed to always do so, even if it was nothing more than the lightest touch.
Having already slept with Thorsen, she knew the night’s activities would be damn fun, and yet, something about his words left her thinking tonight would be different, especially now that they’d discussed the speed at which their relationship was moving.
She no longer had any doubts about what they had between them or where things were going. She could thoroughly enjoy herself—other than worrying about the inn. And in the good mood she was in, she was even feeling optimistic about that whole mess.
Nestled up against Thorsen’s side, they wandered down the long wooden wharf that overlooked the Merrimac River as it spilled into the Atlantic, the air laden with the smell of the salty ocean. It was crowded with couples and families, dogs and strollers in tow, as they enjoyed the summer evening and the breeze that came in off the ocean. Boats dotted the water as the sun slipped away, leaving the sky painted in coral as the dark of night slowly washed towards the horizon.
Thorsen gave her a sideways glance and a smile that made her heart flutter. “You look happy, darling. I like it. A lot.”
She had to laugh, thinking of what the past few days had been like. “I like it too—especially since you caught me just as everything was going to hell with the inn. I’d hate for you to think that I’m always such a basket case.”
He looked away from her and settled his gaze on the water, looking suddenly serious and, for just a moment, troubled, his brow drawn. But when he turned back to her again, whatever she’d seen—or thought she’d seen—was gone, his eyes sparkling with good humor once more. “I’m relieved that you’re no longer worrying over the inn. It’ll all work out. You have to believe that.”
“I hope you’re right.” Riley pushed away all thoughts of the inn, refusing to waste any more time dwelling on it when it’d do no good.
Instead, she slipped her arms around Thorsen’s waist, more concerned about him. She searched his face, his eyes, looking for any sign that something was wrong. Whatever had been on his mind seemed to have gone. Or maybe she was being paranoid—because that would never happen.
He leaned in and kissed her, nipped at her lip and then kissed her again before pulling away, her head spinning as she gripped his shirt and held on. “Are you ready to head back, love? ’Cause I don’t know how much longer I can keep my hands off you.”
She felt her cheeks flame, knowing full well what he was capable of, and suspecting that was just the tip of the iceberg.
“I’m ready.” Her voice was thick and husky and she wanted him so bad she could barely think straight. She went on her tippy toes and kissed his neck before dragging her teeth across his skin and biting him just hard enough to have him sucking in a breath.
“Keep that up, love, and I’m liable to carry you off into the bushes and scare the wildlife.” He all but growled with need when she bit him again, this time on the sweet slope where his neck joined his shoulder. His strong hands gripped her hips and pulled her to him, pressing her against him so it was impossible to ignore the hard length straining against his jeans.
She nuzzled him and whispered in his ear, her head spinning as she tried to wrangle in the effect he was having on her body. “I’d rather not get poison ivy or arrested for indecent exposure, but I’ll do what it takes to get you naked, Thorsen.”
He laughed and kissed her quickly, already moving her away from the waterfront and back up the road towards the inn where they were staying. “You won’t hear any complaints from me, darling. I’m plenty happy with the pace you’re setting, especially when it means I’ll soon have you naked.”
The moment Thorsen shut and locked the door to their room, Riley couldn’t get him out of his clothes fast enough, his lips hard on hers. She slipped her hands under the edge of his t-shirt so she could run her fingers up the hard ridges of his abs, his skin soft and warm to the touch as the fabric gathered at her wrists. When she went to pull it off him, he was forced to help her, since she was way too short to get it up and over his head. “You’re so tall—and so totally hot. And that accent of yours? It makes my insides go all tingly.”
He laughed while kissing her, the sound and feel of it making her smile against his lips. It didn’t take long for him to rid her of her top and flick her bra undone to free her breasts, tossing the delicate lace aside, while her fingers made quick work of the button and zipper of his jeans—when his pocket buzzed.
She flicked her eyebrows up, her lips curling into a smile. “Is that your pocket vibrating or are you just really happy to see me?”
“Ignore it.” His words were a growl as he kissed her and his large hand cupped her breast. He ran circles over her nipple with his thumb so it tightened in response and then pinched it so she felt a tug of need between her legs.
Doing her best to ignore his vibrating phone, she slipped her hand in past his waistband to stroke his hard length, the head of it already peeking past the fabric, ready to come out and play. She loved the way he pulsed in her hand, the skin so incredibly soft and smooth, a delicious contrast to the steeliness hidden just under the surface. He hooked his jeans and briefs at the waist and yanked them past his hips, stepping out of them and kicking them to the side as she ran her hand up his shaft with a slight twisting motion before reversing it for the descent.
He let out a deep groan and took her mouth in a hard kiss, pinning her to the door with his body, his tongue bullying hers as he yanked her jeans and panties down far enough for her to shimmy out of them the rest of the way. Rough kisses mingled with bites as he trailed down her neck to her shoulder, pain and pleasure melting into one as she sucked in a breath to steady her racing heart.
And then he dropped to his knees, her heart nearly sputtering to a stop, especially when he grabbed her ass in a firm hold, his fingers digging in and layering her need with yet another sensation. He ran his teeth over the curve of her belly, nipping and kissing as her legs went soft and threatened to land her on the floor.
His grip tightened as he held her upright, and his mouth made its way over her hipbone, pulling her to him so she was forced to lean back against the door with a hand splayed against the wall for support. Slowly running one hand down the back of her thigh with a feather touch that sent goose bumps over her skin, his kisses slipped to her upper thigh as he hooked her leg over his shoulder. He opened her up to him, leaving her teetering and depending solely on him to keep her upright.
She’d never felt more vulnerable—and yet she trusted him. Utterly and completely, the thought of it making her heart swell.
He nipped at her inner thigh, and when she gasped, his tongue pressed against her clit, leaving her breathless. Her free hand tangled in his hair as his tongue worked its magic, every sensation heightened from being so precariously propped between him and the door. Slick as she was, he slipped two fingers deep inside her with ease, while at the same time he sucked her clit into his mouth. Her eyes slipped shut as her breathing became ragged and shallow, tilting her hips towards him to increase the delicious pressure and friction that would bring her one step closer to coming.
“You’re so wet, sweet Summer.” His fingers curled deep inside her, pressing and stroking that fleshy bundle of nerves. White spots danced behind her closed eyelids, while he lapped lazy circles around that pulsing point now aching for release.
“Thorsen…” She bit her lip, trying to find the breath and words to tell him she was going to come, when he slipped a third finger inside her and thrust upwards, while his teeth gently clamped on her clit.
She cried out as her orgasm tore through her and her legs melted out from under her, her head spinning. Thorsen’s arms were there to catch her, pulling her into his embrace and cradling her close against his chest. She started to say something, but he kissed her into silence.
He got to his feet with an ease she hadn’t expected, especially when he was still holding her in his arms. His words were nothing but a whisper against her hair, soft enough to have her doubting whether she’d actually heard them, or if it was nothing more than her imagination.
And yet those words, heard or imagined, were enough to have her racing heart nearly sputter to a stop.
“Riley…I love you.”


Chapter Ten

Thorsen silently cursed himself. What the hell had he been thinking? He should have kept his mouth shut. Should have kept his goddamned fucking mouth shut.
He lowered her onto the bed and covered her body with his, all the while hoping she hadn’t heard him. Yet when she reached down and stroked his hard length, a sound tore free from deep within him, his worries pushed aside on a tidal wave of need. He kissed her again, his tongue pushing past her lips—taking, tasting—as his hand slipped over her curves to cup her breast and pinch her nipple.
Shifting, she let her knees fall to the side so she could take him in and wrapped her legs around his to pull him close. And damn if it didn’t take all he had not to sink himself deep inside her, skin to skin. “Darling…”
“I’m okay with it if you are.” She bit his neck, her words spoken on a hurried breath against his skin, while his need for her unfurled and grew inside him, taking on a life all its own. “It’s safe on my end.”
“Aye, on my end too. But are you sure? It’s a big step.” He held himself back, the tip of him nudging the inside of her thigh, though how he managed any semblance of self-control, he hadn’t a clue.
Her legs tightened around him and her hips shifted, searching him out. “I’m sure.”
He didn’t need to be told twice. With a single thrust, he buried himself deep inside her, his head swimming with the trust she’d just shown him and the intimacy of taking her unsheathed. Her body tightened around his hard length as he covered her mouth with his in a greedy kiss.
He swallowed the moan that escaped her as he thrust into her again, his rhythm slow and purposeful as his hips shifted to hit that sweet spot. Nuzzling the crook of her shoulder, his pace quickened as he breathed in her scent, already so familiar. He nipped at the length of her neck and grabbed her arse as she raked her nails down his back, pain mingling with pleasure and eliciting a moan from deep within. “Keep that up, darling, and I’ll not last much longer.”
“Good…’cause I want to see you come.” She kissed him as her legs pulled him in deeper, her hips grinding against him. And then her body tightened around his cock, milking him, pushing him even closer to his release. When she spoke, her words came between kisses, her breathing ragged and shallow. “And I want you to tell me again. Tell me you love me, Thorsen.”
So she had heard him. His heart beat a staccato against his ribs as he picked up his pace. He bent his head to hers, his words spoken as a murmur against her lips. “With every fiber of my being, I love you, darling.”
Riley cried out as she came, and he joined her, her body shuddering beneath him as he filled her in his release, his orgasm unfurling around hers. And then she kissed the hollow of his neck, burying herself against him and holding him tightly. “I love you too, Thorsen.”
***
Thorsen pulled Riley to him, her body molding to his as they lay there in a tangle of naked limbs. He should feel happy and content—and he would if he didn’t feel guilty that Riley didn’t know about his role in the inn.
As serious as things had become between them, he had to come clean. And hopefully she’d keep his identity and presence on the island quiet so that Anna and the shareholders at Holt wouldn’t know he’d gone and done exactly what they’d expressly forbidden him from doing.
“Riley…tell me about the Siren.” He let out a weary sigh, not quite believing he was going to go down this messy road. “Tell me about the events and programs you run—and the financials behind them.”
She lifted her head off his shoulder, her brows drawn together and a frown on those lush lips. “Sure, but…why the sudden interest?”
“I guess I’m thinking ahead to the sale of the inn.” If he could find a way to hold onto what she loved most about the Siren, then maybe she wouldn’t mind Holt buying the place. “If we can figure out which of the programs are the most important to you and how profitable they are, then perhaps there’s a way to keep them.”
“I guess you’re far more optimistic than I am.” She took a deep breath and leaned her head back on his shoulder, her fingers trailing over his chest in random patterns. “I think they’ll let me keep the author conferences—which is great, but I think they’ll try to cut the artist retreats, since they’re usually around for an extended stay at a deep discount, even during the summer months when we’re pretty busy. Then there are the treasure hunts. Those are fun for the families who stay with us. But…I don’t know. It goes beyond that.”
He kissed the top of her head and held her tightly. “How so, love?”
“Well, right now, our prices are fairly reasonable. We do change them seasonally, but even at the height of the season, a family of four can stay for a week or two and not have to remortgage their home.” She looked up at him again, and shook her head, her green eyes clouded over with worry. “You just know Holt will raise the prices so they can recoup their investment, which means that a lot of the artists and families—even the writers—won’t be able to afford it. And that means that the programs will fail eventually, even if they survive the initial cut.”
“I suppose.” His heart sunk, for he knew she was right.
Damn it.
Holt’s original plans for the inn had included a complete renovation for a more luxurious look, and a price increase to go with it. He’d have to look into the matter further and see if there was a way to keep the prices level or have the price increases happen gradually. Suddenly, he wasn’t sure it’d be a good idea to tell her of his role in this when he didn’t have all the information.
He’d have to get Anna’s report first—and he had no doubt she was reporting regularly to Mark. It’d just be a matter of getting his hands on the information before everything was finalized.
“We should find you a new place to live once we get back.” Riley kissed his chest and let her hand wander under the sheets. “Rentals should be easy to find once the cooler weather gets here, but in the meantime, I can ask around to see what’s available—if you’re still planning on staying.”
He brushed her cheek, unable to keep a frown from tugging at his lips. “Darling…I’m staying—even if you don’t seem to believe it.”
She shrugged and looked away. “Yeah…sorry about that. It’s just that most don’t stay past the New Year. Everyone always thinks it’ll be a great idea, but then the temperature drops, the snow hits, the island loses power and they pack their bags.”
“And this happens often?” It was doubtful he’d done a decent job of masking his jealousy, but he’d be damned if he could think straight around her. And bloody hell…how many men had told her they’d stay? “You know you make me crazy, darling.”
She leaned over and kissed him with a wide smile. “They weren’t all staying because of me.”
“Only most of them, was it?” He had to laugh—and had to kiss her again.
“There have been a few, but like I said, no one sticks around for long.” She chewed on her bottom lip, making him want to kiss her again. “I’m sorry if it’s made me cynical about you sticking around.”
“Riley, I meant it when I said I loved you.” He cupped her face, tangling his fingers in her hair, his eyes locked on hers. He needed her to believe him and refused to have her constantly wondering if he was going to leave. “I don’t speak those words lightly, love, and they’re not words I’ve spoken often—if at all, truth be told. Things might be moving quickly between us, but it doesn’t mean my feelings are any less true.”
“I didn’t mean to imply…” She nestled in deeper against his side, and rested her head against his shoulder again with a sigh. “And don’t think I spoke the words lightly either, Thorsen. But the upcoming months are going to be busy as hell with Holt taking over, and I worry that you’ll soon get bored and decide that staying wasn’t such a good idea.”
“I have plenty to keep me busy, Riley. Besides, I might take some of the painting classes you guys offer—or maybe I’ll try my hand at writing some steamy romances.” He waggled his eyebrows at her and reveled in her laugh. “Might need to steal you away from work, though—you know…for inspiration and working out all the intimate details.”
“As if the other romance writers would let you go for even a moment.” Her lips turned up in a seductive smile as she sat up. Her hair fell over her shoulder and with the sheets draped precariously around her waist, she looked like some ancient goddess sculpted from marble. A seductress…a siren.
And then her smile faded…just a little. He cupped her face, now worried. “What is it, darling?”
“I was just thinking…the art classes, the romance writers…I don’t know that they’ll survive the changes Holt has planned.” She shrugged and looked down at her hands as they played with the sheets. “Hell, with the inn changing hands, even I could very well be out of a job. It’s not like I’ve welcomed Anna Blake or Holt to the island with open arms.”
Yet she had. Not only with open arms, but she’d essentially taken Holt to her bed. And by the gods, she was going to be furious with him. “Riley…what if Holt isn’t the enemy? What if they’ll work with you to find a compromise?”
She let out a weary sigh and looked up at him, her eyes going red with emotion. “And what if I’m forced not only to leave the Siren and my cottage, but Mermaid Isle? ’Cause that’s exactly what will happen if I lose my job, since there’s not much of a job market on the island.”
“Didn’t the owners negotiate your position into the sale?” He knew they had, since it was a clause he was happy to sign off on.
She shrugged and looked away. “What if they decide they don’t want me around and buy me out instead? They could do it whether I agree to it or not. Then I’ll have no say on what happens at the inn, and though it’s better than being fired outright, I’d still be forced to leave the island.”
“Those are a lot of what if’s, Riley.” He twined his fingers with hers, wondering if he should just confess it all. “It can’t be all doom and gloom, darling. Not if we’re together—not if you meant it when you said you loved me.”
“I did mean it.” She pursed her lips with worry and then leaned in to steal a quick kiss. “I do love you. Ever since that summer, I’m afraid.”
“Riley, there’s something I need to tell you…” Bloody hell. How was he going to get the words out?
And then her phone started ringing. She picked it up and cringed. “Sorry! Really sorry. It’s the inn, and they wouldn’t be calling if they didn’t need me—especially this late. I’ll only be a minute.”
“Aye, darling. Take the call. No worries. It can wait.” A knot took residence in his chest as he watched her pad across the room naked and into the bathroom, closing the door behind her.
He took the opportunity to call Ethan. If something was up at the Siren and Anna had something to do with it, then he needed to find out what was going on, his guilt already overwhelming him. “Ethan, sorry to call so late.” It was nearly eleven.
“It’s fine. I was actually getting ready to call you. While tracking down the financials you wanted—and don’t think those were easy to get without raising suspicion—I came across a new deal your dear cousin has in the works with Durham Inc. You know them, right?” Ethan didn’t wait for an answer. “They tend to buy up chunks of land and develop them—hotels, casinos, malls. That sort of thing.”
Thorsen got a sinking feeling, his mind already racing through the possibilities of what might be happening. Surely nothing good if it involved Mark. “What do you think Mark is getting up to with Durham?”
“It’d be hard to say without direct access to Mark’s computer files…”
“Yeah…like that’s ever slowed you down.” Thorsen knew Ethan—and that man had a way of getting his hands on all sorts of information. Whether he was secretly a hacker or he employed one, Thorsen didn’t want to know.
“Well, people tend to be lazy about securing their networks outside of work, and since almost everyone tends to take work home with them…you know how it is.” Thorsen could hear the smile in his friend’s voice. “Anyway, if I had to guess, I’d say it somehow involves the inn. Or rather, the land that’s adjacent to the inn. That’s a fair amount of prime waterfront acreage with nothing more than a big old farmhouse and barn on it. But…here’s the kicker. The inn and the land it’s on block access to that prime real estate, other than a narrow dirt road, which technically belongs to the inn. In the past, it wasn’t an issue because the land owner was elderly, out of state, and quite frankly, didn’t care, so there was no reason to pursue putting in a legal access road.”
Thorsen’s heart pounded against his chest, already too tight with dread. “So what’s changed then?”
“Typical scenario—the elderly owners passed away and the children want to sell it and split the money. Not worth a whole lot when there isn’t any real access, the island is fairly remote, and the lot’s still somewhat wooded. As a result, it’s been on the market for close to a year without any offers. Overpriced, too, for what it currently is. But if your cousin is pulling in a company like Durham, then they’ll change the whole economy of the island. If Durham gets involved, they only have one size they work with and that’s big.”
“Bloody hell. The inn would be nothing but a speed bump. And companies like Durham have enough money and influence that they can likely get anything they want approved under the guise of improving the local economy and strong-arming the rest.” The inn would never survive plans like that, and Mark could easily convince the board to tear it down if it meant they could turn a massive profit.
This was all his fault. He was the one who put Mermaid Isle on Mark’s radar. And Riley…she’d never forgive him. Here she was worried about her artist retreats when the entire inn might go up in smoke. Thorsen had to put a stop to it. He just hoped it wasn’t already too late. “Has my cousin already bought the land next to the inn?”
“Nothing official as of yet, though that might just be a delay in the paperwork or the computer updating. Looks like most of the family is in Vermont. It’s a bit of a drive from Boston, but doable.” Ethan paused for just a moment and let out a barely audible groan. “What are you thinking, Eirik?”
“Call the owners of that land first thing in the morning and tell them to stop any and all negotiations they might already have in the works. Then head over there. Make them an offer they can’t refuse—enough to have them backing out of any deal they might already have on the table.” Hopefully they hadn’t closed a deal on the land yet. “It’ll be the only way to keep that bastard of a cousin of mine from ruining the inn.”
“Eirik, man…are you sure? That’s a whole lot of money—and for what? I know you inherited a fair amount, but…”
“I know—and I really do appreciate your concern and help with this, Ethan. But it’s something I’ve got to do. Because if that fails, then I’m going to have to stop Holt from buying the inn, which will put me in a rather difficult situation within the company.” He could already see how it would play out, with the board ousting him and Mark finally ecstatic and in control of Holt. “See if you can find out anything more on the land and if you turn up anything at all, let me know immediately. I don’t care if it’s the middle of the night.”
“You do realize that your cousin’s a vindictive bastard, right? He’s already gunning for you, and messing with his plans is going to send him over the edge.”
“I know, but Mark needs to be stopped if he’s partnering with Durham. Call me the minute you know anything, all right?”
“Eirik…” He let out a ragged breath. “I hope she’s worth it.”
His eyes settled on Riley’s naked form as she walked back into the room. “She is. I’ll be in touch.”
He hung up and set his phone aside, unable to pull his gaze away from her. Even with his mind racing over the information Ethan had just given him, his body still had a mind all its own. The mere sight of her had him going hard, even as he forced himself to reel in his hormones.
“Sorry about that.” She managed a hint of smile, but seemed distracted. Something felt off. “You had wanted to talk to me about something?”
“It can wait.” At this point, he needed more information—especially with the latest developments. There was no point in confessing when he didn’t know what the hell was going on. Though he could certainly find out for himself, given his background, it wouldn’t exactly be easy to pull off while still entertaining Riley. He’d just have to be a little more patient and wait for Ethan to get back to him.
He shifted over to make room for her on the bed and opted instead to concentrate on what might be happening on her end. “Is everything okay at the inn?”
“No…I don’t think it is.” She slipped into bed beside him and nestled against his side. “Honestly? I just don’t know what the hell is going on. Logan said Anna requested several more meetings with Jack and Ava, and before he knew what was happening, Jack was going through the file cabinets and digging around for all sorts of stuff. I’m sure she just wants as much info on the inn before the deal is closed but, what the hell? Jack and Ava already turned over everything they had to.”
“It does seem like Anna’s been overzealous. Did you want to head back? I can drive if you’d like.” Thorsen wasn’t sure what Anna was after, but more and more, he was starting to think Ethan was right and his cousin would be trying to either skew the numbers so things looked bad for the board or he was figuring out some new business venture that involved the Siren and Durham.
“I don’t know. I honestly think Jack and Ava will just tell me that everything is fine and send me off to finish my vacation. And that’ll do nothing but annoy me further. Logan’s going to keep an eye on things and call me if anything changes.” Her entire body felt tense and unsettled against his side, making him wish she wasn’t involved in this mess and there was more he could do to ease her worries.
“Just let me know if there’s anything I can do to help.” He ran a soothing hand down her back and kissed the top of her head. “No matter what happens, darling, I’m here for you.”


Chapter Eleven

“I’m so sorry, Riley. I really need to take this.” Thorsen grabbed his phone and gave Riley a quick kiss before escaping into the bathroom for some privacy.
Riley checked the time. Barely nine in the morning and that was Thorsen’s third call of the day. He’d mentioned there was unexpected business he had to deal with and had apologized profusely for the interruptions, but she didn’t really mind. She knew there were times when work took precedence. Speaking of which…she might as well check in with Logan and see if Anna had stirred up any more trouble.
It didn’t take long for her to wish she hadn’t called, though she knew opting for ignorance was never a wise decision. All it did was allow one’s problems to grow until they were impossible to ignore—and usually far more difficult to contend with.
Riley took a deep breath to try to steady her nerves and squash her panic. “So, another person from Holt has shown up, and Jack and Ava are getting ready to head to Portland? Did they say what for?”
“Not a word, though I can tell you right now, I didn’t like the look of this guy from Holt. And I don’t think he’s just another lawyer, either.” Normally so calm and collected, Logan’s voice now sounded strained, his worry palpable. “Riley…I’ll try to find out more if I can, but… shit…I think this guy might be trying to bump up the sale of the inn.”
A clammy cold washed over her as she felt the blood drain from her face. “You need to find out, Logan. And if they are trying to get Jack and Ava to sign the papers early, then you need to try to stop them. I’ll try to hit the road as soon as I’m able, though I’m still hours away.”
“I’ll do what I can, but…Ry, they’re selling the inn. Whether they do that today or a week from now, what difference will it really make? They’ll be signing those papers one way or another. And you shouldn’t rush back, because there’s nothing any of us can do.” Logan let out a deep breath. “Just stay where you are and enjoy your time off. There’s no point in upsetting yourself with stuff you can’t control. You need to try to let it go.”
She knew he was right, and yet how could she sit idly by and let her world go to hell? She squeezed her eyes tightly to ease the stinging of threatening tears. “I can’t make any promises, but I’ll try.”
She hung up the phone and grappled with the hurt and anger that were choking her, the knot in her throat lodged there and refusing to budge. She should let it go. Jack and Ava had made their decision and with luck, Holt would realize that it would be foolish to turn the inn into something that would be out of place with the rest of the island.
It’s not like she’d come up with a better alternative that would allow Jack and Ava to retire with the money they’d need. Logan was in the same position she was in, which meant he didn’t have anywhere near enough money to buy the inn, and her other best friend, Lucy, had her money tied up in her bookstore.
Before she could wallow further in her misery, Thorsen walked back into the room. Pushing her emotions to the side, she managed a smile. “Everything okay?”
“One of my business dealings has gotten a bit complicated. Ethan’s handling it for now, but I’m afraid I might have to take off and deal with it. It would only be for the day, and it may very well not be needed when all is said and done.” He shook his head, frustration working its way into his smile even if he was clearly trying not to make her worry. “I hate to cut our vacation short, but would you mind terribly if we headed back to the island? If I get the call, I’ll need to run, and don’t want to abandon you here on your own. I promise to make it up to you.”
“Actually, I just got off the phone with Logan, and wouldn’t mind heading back with everything that’s happening.” Despite telling herself that she should let it all go, Thorsen’s request left her relieved.
His brow furrowed as he slipped his arm around her waist and pulled her close, his eyes searching her face. “Has anything else happened?”
With a shrug, she rested her head on his chest and nestled against him, the pounding of his heart so strong and fast. “Just more nonsense with Holt—which means I have absolutely no control over what’s happening.”
“Hey…look at me, love.” She did as he asked, only to find him looking at her with such a look of concern. “Are things that bad?”
“I wish they weren’t.”
***
As tense and edgy as Riley was feeling, she jumped at the chance to hand over her car keys and let Thorsen drive. Everything felt off, somehow. And it wasn’t just the anticipation of dealing with Anna. Thorsen was sweet and caring as always, but even he seemed to be distracted with his own problems and she was now wondering if his business dealings were more troublesome than he’d let on.
She doubted anyone else would even notice it, and maybe she was being paranoid, but she still thought something was bothering him. Too often, he seemed lost in thought, his smile fading until he once again turned his attention back to her. Then, his smile would reappear as if to reassure her that all was fine—even if she knew it wasn’t.
Obviously, she had firsthand knowledge of how stressful and all-consuming work could be. She knew she worked far too many hours, and maybe it had been her way of ignoring the fact that outside of the Siren, she had little else. Maybe it was why she was so panicked over the sale. Because if she lost the inn to Holt, then she might lose the only thing that held any meaning and value in her life.
This, of course, meant she was screwed. And pathetic. She was twenty-eight years old, and basically had nothing to show for it except her job—and with the sale of the inn, she could easily find herself without even that. Hell, she might even find herself homeless if Holt decided she wasn’t a “good fit.” And what were the chances of that happening?
At least she had Thorsen in her life now, and that sure as hell hadn’t been something she’d been expecting. She glanced over at him as he maneuvered her car down the winding seacoast road that led to the bridge and Mermaid Isle, and felt a tug on her heart. Not only because the man was gorgeous, but because she truly did mean it when she told him she loved him.
It was insane that she could feel so strongly for someone given the amount of time they’d been together, and yet now that she had Thorsen back in her life, it felt like he was what had been missing all along. He had even convinced her that he’d stick around—and that sure as hell was a rare thing.
So many of the other guys she’d dated would keep a smile plastered on their face and pretend everything was perfect until, all of a sudden, they’d had enough. The clock would strike midnight and they’d turn into pumpkins, their bags packed and them walking out the door with hardly any notice or discussion. The only one who’d stayed was Logan, and that was because work was the reason he was there in the first place.
She knew that living on the island wasn’t for everyone, but she couldn’t imagine any place being more perfect—and Thorsen had the same connection to the place. Except that something wasn’t quite right, and it triggered all those fears she had, leaving her worried that his latest work issues would make him realize that living on the island so far from any major city just wasn’t feasible when your clients and the closest major airport were hours away.
Needing to reassure herself, she ran a hand down his arm. “Are you sure everything’s all right?”
“Sorry—just a bit distracted. No worries, love.” He twined his fingers with hers and threw her a sideways glance and a smile before turning back to the road. “I know you have a lot going on with the inn and I have to take off for a day or two, but once I get back, I’d love it if you could help me look for a more permanent residence on the island. I don’t mind renting, but I was thinking that interest rates are decent, so I might just buy something instead.”
“I think that’s a great idea, and I’d love to help.” She tried to push away visions of the two of them sidled up against each other in a farmhouse kitchen, cooking breakfast after spending the night in a naked tangle of limbs. No matter what happened with the inn, at the very least she’d have Thorsen to snuggle up against at the end of the day—and that was huge. She’d have him in her corner to make the bad days better and the good days great.
“I’m glad to hear it, darling. I want to make sure you like the place I buy, since I’m hoping you’ll spend a fair amount of time there.” He threw her a sidewise glance, as if wondering if she’d protest.
“So…does this mean I’ll get my own drawer?” How could she not think happy cohabiting thoughts when the last few days had left her happy, satisfied, and pleasantly sore—a nice little reminder of the mischief she’d been getting in.
“Darling, you can have an entire closet. An entire room. Whatever you’d like is yours.” Thorsen turned the car towards the bridge.
They’d be at the inn in minutes, and suddenly her happy thoughts were replaced with worry, her gut twisting into knots.
Jack and Ava needed the sale to go through and she could appreciate that. She’d just make sure everything was fine, and if they didn’t need her help, she’d hang out at her cabin. At least she’d be close by on the off chance she could help. And in the meantime, she’d distract herself with Thorsen’s company until he had to go deal with his own problems.
He parked at the inn and shifted in his seat to face her. “Are you going to go check in with Logan?”
“Yeah. I’d like to speak with Jack and Ava, too.” Hopefully they were still around and hadn’t taken off for Portland. “I hate to abandon you, but it’s a gorgeous day. You should go down to the beach or head into town. I can call you when I’m done.”
“No worries. There’s plenty for me to do.” He cupped the back of her neck and pulled her in for a long kiss, before pressing his forehead to hers and nuzzling her, as if he wasn’t quite ready to let her go. “And don’t let that woman get to you. She’ll be long gone once the inn is sold.”
“No kidding. Can you imagine her spending the winter here on the island?” The thought of Anna slipping and sliding her way around the island in her designer heels eased some of the stress she’d been feeling. She stole one final kiss.
“Come on then. I’ll walk you as far as the inn on my way to my cottage.” Once on the path, he wrapped his arm around her shoulder and tucked her against his side as they wandered towards the inn.
“If you head towards town, you should check out the Book Nook Café on your way in. Lots of interesting book finds and mind-blowingly good coffee concoctions—not to mention most of the artwork gracing the walls is from artists who stay here at the inn. And all that pirate lore about the island? The owner’s supposedly one of their descendants. Could tell you all sorts of pirate tales.” She gave him a teasing smile, hoping he’d swing by the café since she’d love for Lucy to meet him. “Tell Lucy I sent you. She’s a very good friend of mine.”
“Ah… Does this mean we’re at the point in our relationship where I have to get the best friend stamp of approval?” The sideways glance he threw her—and that smile—sent a rabble of butterflies loose in her stomach.
She wrapped her fist in his shirt and pulled him down for another kiss. “Normally, you’d get the once-over before we got this serious, but given how quick things have happened—”
“Eirik.”
Eirik—not Thorsen.
Thorsen stiffened at her side and turned to face the man who was briskly approaching them with a scowl on his face and anger in his eyes.
Confusion settled over her like a cold, wet fog. She didn’t recognize the man, but he was with Anna and that alone was enough to have her back going up. He must be the one Logan mentioned—the other person from Holt. But if that was the case…how did he know Thorsen?
She looked up at Thorsen for some indication as to what was happening, and found a man she barely recognized. His kind, intelligent eyes had turned hard, and his body looked like it was coiled and ready to attack.
Thorsen took a step forward and in front of her, as if to protect her from some unseen threat. “Mark.”
“What the hell are you doing here, Eirik?” Mark’s eyes narrowed into a glare. “You were told in no uncertain terms to stay away from the island until the deal had been finalized.”
Mark’s words and Anna’s smug grin had Riley turning to Thorsen. “What is he talking about, Thorsen?”
“Thorsen? Who the hell would that be? Or is that another one of your…personas?” Mark scoffed as his gaze shifted to her and then back to Thorsen. “Are you not going to introduce us, cousin?”
His cousin. Mark. From Holt. Was Thorsen’s cousin—Eirik’s cousin. “What’s going on, Thorsen? And why the hell shouldn’t you be on the island—until after the sale?” Because…Mark couldn’t be implying… Thorsen couldn’t be…
It felt like the ground beneath her feet had been yanked out from under her and she was in a heart-wrenching free fall. She backed away from him, trying to take a breath and only managing shallow gasps.
“Riley, I can explain.” He reached out to take her hand, but she pulled it out of reach, her head spinning.
“Then do.” Fuck…she sure as hell hoped he had a good explanation—for whatever the hell this was.
Mark pulled them from their drama. “And that will have to wait, since you, Eirik, have bigger problems. The board will be furious when they find out you came here—and got involved with one of the inn’s employees, no less. Lucky for you, we managed to close the deal.”
So that was it then…Holt now owned the Siren. The deal was done and there wasn’t a single thing she could do.
Thorsen spoke through a clenched jaw, his entire body vibrating. “Right now, my only concern is Riley. I’ll deal with you and Anna later.”
Tears stung her eyes and she turned to make her escape, betrayal and hurt threatening to swallow her whole. She couldn’t get away fast enough, knowing Anna was loving every moment of her pain and humiliation.
It was as if there was a knife buried in her heart, and Thorsen was the one twisting it.
Thorsen grabbed her arm but she yanked it out of his hold and spun on him, furious that there were tears rolling down her cheeks. She felt like such a fool. “Don’t touch me, Thorsen. Or should I say Eirik?” She didn’t wait for an answer and bolted down the path towards her cabin, desperate to escape.
“Riley, let me explain.” Thorsen’s long stride made it impossible for her to get away from him.
She turned to face him. “Are you with Holt? And don’t you dare lie to me—” Crap. She didn’t even know what to call him anymore. “And is it really Eirik like I’d remembered or Thorsen?”
“Legally, my name is Eirik, but I’ve gone by Thorsen for so long that it feels truer to who I am.” He let out a weary sigh, and took a step towards her, stopping when she stiffened. “And yes—I’m part of Holt. I recently inherited my father’s share in the company.”
His words twisted the knife further, leaving her with a wound she didn’t think would ever heal. “Well, thanks for finally being honest with me.”
“Riley, I wanted to tell you, but I couldn’t let Holt know I was here.” He ran a hand down her arm, but she shrugged him off.
“Don’t touch me. Ever.” She took off towards her cottage, but he kept pace by her side, her anger feeding her tears.
“Please, let me explain. I’m begging you—just hear me out. Five minutes is all I’m asking for.” He stepped in her path so she was forced to either stop or go around him. She opted for the latter, still desperate to get away, and hating the fact that she was crying in front of him, hating that she was so upset over someone who clearly didn’t deserve her.
Again, he fell in stride beside her, her cottage now within sight. “It’s over. There’s nothing to discuss and, if you’re with Holt, then I’ve already heard enough.” She bolted up the steps of her porch and dug in her bag for her keys but came up empty, cursing when she realized he still had them from driving her car.
He dangled them from his fingers, his eyes locked on hers and his mood serious. “Five minutes in exchange for your keys.”
“You’re blackmailing me now? You have some nerve.” She pulled out her cell and hit Logan’s number, but he snatched the phone out of her hand and hung up the call before it went through. And then, just to ensure she was absolutely furious with him, he pocketed her phone.
“Five minutes, Riley. And I’m not taking no for an answer.” He unlocked her door, grabbed her arm and hauled her into her cottage as she struggled to get free of his iron grip.
“I can’t believe I fell for you. I can’t believe I was stupid enough to think you were the same sweet boy I loved all those years ago.” She was so frustrated, angry, and hurt, that a fresh wave of tears rolled down her cheeks, making her even more miserable. “And if you think you can bully me into listening to more of your lies, then you can guess again.”
He finally let her go once he’d planted her on the sofa and took a seat across from her, though upset as she was, she couldn’t even bear to look at him. “Riley…I honestly wish things had transpired differently, but it doesn’t change the way I feel about you.”
“Well, good for you.” She pinned him with an icy stare, wondering how she could have been so naïve. “And to think that I actually believed you when you said I was the reason you’d come back to the island. You must have laughed your ass off at how stupid and gullible I was.”
“Och, love...don’t say that. I did come back to the island because of you.” When he brushed the tears from her cheek, she flinched and squeezed her eyes shut, his touch already so familiar.
It took all she had to not lean into him, even as she struggled to take a breath through the knots in her chest. But she couldn’t trust anything he said. Not when he was with Holt. “You came back because Holt was buying the Siren. All that talk of coming back because you wanted to be with me was a load of crap, Thorsen—Eirik—and you know it. Well, you got what you came for. The Siren now belongs to Holt.”
He looked away with a shake of his head, before turning back to face her. “I swear, darling, you’re the reason I came to the island. Even the sale of the Siren to Holt was because of you. I’m just sorry things didn’t go as I’d anticipated.”
“No…” She couldn’t believe what he was saying. “You mean to tell me that the hell I’ve been going through is because of…what? Because of our summer together? Well, thanks for taking some of my most treasured memories and ruining them for me. And thanks for ruining everything I hold dear.”
“Och, love…I’m so sorry. But I swear, I thought buying the inn would be a good thing. I had such great memories of the place, and when I inherited my father’s holdings in Holt, I thought it’d be a good investment. The fact that you worked here was…kismet.” He let out a weary sigh. “I thought you’d be happy to have the injection of cash to renovate the place into a luxury hotel. I hadn’t realized…”
“No, you hadn’t. But you know what? That’s not what bothers me the most.” She swiped at her tears, refusing to let any more of them fall. “It’s that you showed up here and didn’t say a word. Not a word, even when my entire world was falling apart—and falling apart because of you, no less. At any point, you could have told me your role in this, but you didn’t.”
“I couldn’t risk the board members of Holt finding out I was here.” Bravely, he reached out to take her hand—and she let him for just a moment. One last touch.
“Yeah…because I have them on speed dial.” She stood, her gaze hard as she did her best to ignore how upset he looked. “You’ve had your five minutes. Now get out. This cottage may now belong to you and Holt, but Maine law says I have thirty days. And don’t worry—I’ll be long gone well before that.”
She knew she had no other choice, but speaking the words out loud left her heartbroken once more. Stepping to the side, she let him pass, though he didn’t go far.
“Riley, I love you. That hasn’t changed, darling.”
“Then that must be the only thing that hasn’t changed, because my life is now shit, and that’s thanks to you. Goodbye—Eirik.”
***
After relaying her cursed problems to Logan and Lucy, she swiped at the last of her tears, all cried out, her eyes swollen and the box of tissues empty. Logan pulled her against his side and wrapped his arms around her, while Lucy poured them some sort of frozen concoction she had whipped up in the blender.
“Ry…what the hell was he thinking?” Logan shook his head in dismay, his lips pursed in a frown. “I can’t believe he’s behind the sale of the inn.”
“The entire time I’d been freaking out about it all, and he didn’t say a single word.” And the more she thought about how things played out, the more she wondered if he’d been manipulating things in his favor all along. She didn’t want to think he could stoop so low, but in light of everything that had happened, she couldn’t dismiss it either. “So…is it just me or does it seem awfully convenient that I was first told to take a vacation, and then he was more than happy to whisk me away out of state to get my mind off my problems, only to have Holt push the sale of the inn through while I was away? Someone please…tell me it’s all just a coincidence.” Tears stung her eyes once more.
“I wish I could say you’re wrong, because you know I like to think the best of people, but it does seem like he’s planned all this from the start.” Lucy handed her a glass, the slushy mix the color of a tropical lagoon. “Drink up, sweetie. I’m just glad you found this all out before getting in too deep.”
If only that were the truth. Yet it was too late, even if it had been no more than a week since he’d walked back into her life—and mere hours since she’d pictured herself in the kitchen of his new place like some merry fucking homemaker.
He’d staked his claim and stolen her heart. He’d been her first true love, and she’d fallen in love with him once again, plain and simple.
And then he’d lied to her. Tore her heart to pieces. Ruined the place she loved most. Destroyed her most precious memories.
Lucy must have seen the truth in her face, because she suddenly plopped herself in a seat, a pout on her full lips. “Oh no, sweetie. The bastard worked quick, didn’t he?”
“It wasn’t just this week together. I knew him when we were teenagers. He’d been so sweet back then, and you know what it’s like when you’re that young. Everything’s so fresh and bright and all-consuming. He…” She let out a weary sigh. “He was my first…my first everything. And I don’t think I ever got over him, even after we’d gone our separate ways.”
“Oh!” The wide eyes on Lucy told her she understood the depth of her heart. “Oh, Riley…no wonder you’ve taken this so hard. That’s just horrible.”
When Riley nodded, Logan got up to pace—a telltale sign that he was annoyed and frustrated. “Yeah…I can see how it’d be hard to get over someone so sweet and handsome. And let’s not forget manipulative.”
“I already feel miserable enough without you giving me grief for being stupid. It’s not like I planned to fall for him, Logan. And I didn’t realize until now…” She grabbed his hand to keep him from pacing, knowing that it couldn’t be easy for him given their past. When she said she’d never gotten over Thorsen, it also meant that she’d never been able to fully commit to Logan, and she hated herself for hurting him. “I’m sorry, love. I really am.”
He shook his head and sat back down by her side, taking her hands in his with a sigh. “I don’t regret our time together, Ry. But I am worried about you. Despite your past with this jerk, you sort of threw caution to the wind—and I probably encouraged you to do so, though I sure as hell didn’t expect you to fall in love with him.”
“Just to play devil’s advocate, since I can’t imagine you being so wrong about a guy you’d carry a torch for all these years.” Lucy leaned back in her seat and twirled her thick red curls up into a knot before grabbing her drink and taking a long sip. “What if he really did think that buying the inn was a good idea and that you might actually be happy about it? I mean, it’s sort of romantic that after all these years he was still thinking about you and the summers you guys spent together. Not that it excuses how he went about things, but…I don’t know.”
Riley knew Lucy might have a point, yet it didn’t excuse his actions, and she wasn’t anywhere near ready to forgive him. “Then he should have come clean when he knew I was desperate and heartbroken over the inn. He should have told me, Lucy.”
“No one’s disagreeing with you there, cupcake.” Lucy sat forward, her horn-rimmed glasses framing her bright blue eyes. “But if you really do love him, that sort of leaves you in a bit of a pickle. What are you going to do?”
“I don’t know. It’s not like I was all that successful in forgetting him before, though I sure as hell have more of a reason to get over him now. And I hate to say it, but I really don’t know if I’ll be able to stay at the inn.” And that left her heartbroken. “Somehow, it’s stopped feeling like home. I used to have nothing but good memories, and now…”
Logan pulled her into his arms and kissed the top of her head. “Maybe you just need to get away for a bit—or make new memories.”
“You might be right.”


Chapter Twelve

Cursing under his breath, Thorsen walked away from Riley’s cottage and down the path towards the inn. He’d been reluctant to leave her when she was so upset with him—and rightfully so—but he had to deal with Mark if he had any hope of saving the inn.
Talk about his good intentions going to hell. Not only had he not made her happy, but the entire inn might be in jeopardy. She might be angry and upset with him right now, but if he didn’t put a stop to Mark getting his way and partnering with Durham, her anger would turn to pure hate and she’d never forgive him.
At this point, it didn’t matter that his cousin was going to make a big deal of him being on the island before the completion of the sale. It didn’t even matter that Mark would likely try to persuade the board to yank his position and power in the company. He’d sacrifice everything to keep the inn safe and mend the damage he’d done to his relationship with Riley.
It didn’t take Thorsen long to find his cousin and Anna, discussing things on the front lawn of the inn. He closed the distance between them, and by the time he reached them, his anger was barely kept in check. A quick grab of his cousin’s arm spun Mark around and right into Thorsen’s fist as Anna jumped out of the way with a squeal. “You fucking bastard.”
Mark wobbled on his feet as he grabbed his jaw. “You’ll…you’ll fucking pay for that. You’ll lose everything by the time I’m done with you. Do you hear me?”
“You underestimate me, Mark.” Thorsen resisted the urge to grab his cousin and shake him until his eyes rolled in his head, pacing the ground instead, his muscles coiled and ready to react. “And that’ll be your biggest mistake.”
“Is that what you told your girlfriend, too?” Despite his split lip, Mark managed a cocky grin. “I can see she was really impressed with you and your lies. Maybe I’ll have to take her out and console her.”
The thought of Mark even talking to Riley was enough to push Thorsen over the edge. Lightning fast, he lashed out and grabbed Mark’s shirt in his fists, yanking him forward and off balance, forcing his cousin onto the tips of his toes. “Leave her alone, Mark. If you know what’s good for you, you’ll forget she even exists.”
“You’re insane.” Mark barely squawked the words out past his lips.
“And you’d be wise not to forget it.”
***
“Riley.” Thorsen knocked on her cottage door. He knew it was late, but hoped she was still up.
He’d spent hours on the phone with Ethan. The family who owned the land caught on that they might have something of value on their hands and were now dragging their feet on selling. Ethan had convinced them not to speak to Holt if they had any hope of negotiating a higher price, but Thorsen was going to need to convince them to make the sale.
There was no time to waste, because if Mark found out that he was trying to steal the land deal, then he’d lose whatever advantage they currently had. But he needed Riley—needed her to help explain to the family why it was so important that they sell the land to him and not to Mark.
“Riley…please. I need to speak with you.” He pounded on the door again and was finally rewarded with the sound of the latch being flipped.
Except that it wasn’t Riley who answered the door.
Logan stood there, bare-chested and barefoot, looking at him through appraising eyes and a cocky stance, wearing jeans and little else. “Riley’s…busy. And she sure as hell isn’t interested in anything you have to say or offer. You had your chance and you blew it.”
Logan went to close the door, but Thorsen stopped it with a firm hand, trying to ignore the jealousy that was flaring up in his chest. “I need to speak to her, and I’m not going anywhere until I’ve done just that.”
“And I’m telling you she doesn’t want to see you.” He shook his head, giving him a look of disgust. “She deserves better than someone who’ll lie to her and break her heart.”
“I know she does. But it doesn’t change the fact that I need to speak to her. It’s not just my relationship with her that’s on the line, Logan. The inn’s in jeopardy and I can’t keep it safe if she won’t speak to me.”
“It’s fine, Logan. He can come in—for the sake of the Siren.” Riley wandered over from her bedroom, wearing shorts and an old t-shirt that had been altered at the neckline so it now hung precariously off her bare shoulder, the thin fabric skimming over her perfect breasts and pert nipples. By the gods, it was killing him that Logan was with her, and it took all he had to not grab the throw off the back of the sofa and wrap her in it like a goddamned burrito.
And then he saw that she was still upset, her eyes red-rimmed and her voice weary. His heart ached with a pang, leaving him desperate to pull her into his arms—except that he couldn’t when Logan was still standing between them. He turned to Logan and patiently waited for him to step to the side so he could enter, knowing nothing good would come from annoying her friend.
“As you wish, Ry.” Logan let out a sigh and moved out of the way so Thorsen could pass.
Thorsen took a deep breath, a small sliver of tension easing in his chest. “Thank you.”
“Thank her, not me.” Logan turned to Riley. “Do you want me to stick around? I don’t mind.”
“I’ll be fine. Thanks.” Riley went onto the tips of her toes, and kissed Logan’s cheek, his hand drifting to her waist with a familiarity that gnawed at Thorsen. “Can I catch up with you in the morning?”
Logan nodded and then disappeared into Riley’s bedroom. Minutes later, he returned fully clothed—which did little to squash the possessive streak Thorsen knew he had no right to have, especially now. On his way out, Logan whispered something to Riley, his head bent to hers. She nodded, and he saw himself out.
Once it was just the two of them, Riley crossed her arms in front of her chest, her dark disheveled hair falling down over that bare shoulder of hers. “What do you want, Thorsen? It’s late, and I’d like to get back to sleep.”
“Is that what you were doing then? Sleeping?” He cursed under his breath. What the hell was wrong with him? He’d never been the jealous sort—never had a mouth he couldn’t control, especially given his training. So why was it she drove him over the edge? Why was it he couldn’t think straight around her?
She pinned him with a glare, her brows perked in question. “Really? You’re going to go there? You have some nerve.”
“I’m sorry, Riley. Fuck…I can’t think straight, love. And I’m sorry that I was less than truthful with you about what was happening with the inn, but it was too risky to tell you.” Thorsen closed the distance between them, though he didn’t dare touch her, even if there was nothing he wanted more. He didn’t want to risk angering her further, especially since she’d likely despise him by the time he finished filling her in on Mark’s plans. “I need to tell you everything that’s going on—and I need your help. If we have any hope of saving the inn, I’ll need to leave for Vermont—tonight preferably—and I need you to come with me.”
“Oh. Is that all?” She shrugged and gave him a sarcastic smile. “Let me just pack a bag then.”
“Darling…”
She took a step closer and poked him in the chest. “You don’t get to call me darling or love or anything other than Riley or Ms. Carter. Are we clear?”
“Aye, sweet Summer.” He couldn’t help himself, and hoped it’d offer a bit of levity in what felt like a dire situation. “Perfectly clear.”
She looked away, shaking her head. “You know, you’re a real pain in the ass.”
He could have sworn he heard her voice crack—just a little—and when she squeezed her eyes shut for a long moment, he knew he hadn’t imagined it. “Riley…please don’t cry, love. I’m sorry if I’ve upset you again.”
And then any vulnerability was gone, hidden behind a steely glare. “What do you want, Thorsen—other than having me join you for your trip to Vermont? ’Cause that’s not going to happen. I’m not falling for yet another one of your ploys to get me out of the way so I won’t cause trouble while you work on some other deal. My forced vacation? A convenient getaway out of state? And all the while, Anna’s able to bump up the sale of the inn.”
He felt the blood drain from his face, mortified that she’d think him capable of manipulating her like that. “I swear, Riley, I had nothing to do with your vacation. You’ve got to believe me…”
“Why the hell should I, Thorsen?” She wrapped her arms around herself, as if warding off a chill.
“I wish I knew what to say. Honestly, I had only wanted to spend a bit of time with you and thought getting away would help take your mind off what was happening here at the inn.” He ran a rough hand across his face, fully aware that the troubles she was trying to avoid in the first place had also been of his doing. “Just hear me out, Riley. I think you’ll see why it’s so important that you come with me to Vermont.”
She shook her head and plopped herself down on the couch. “Fine then. Start talking.”
Thorsen took a seat next to her, knowing he should put some distance between them and yet unable to help himself. The only chance he had of her ever forgiving him hinged on being completely honest with her—and saving the inn.
And so he told her everything. He told her of his original intentions for the Siren. Told her of Mark’s plans to purchase the parcel of land next to the inn and why they had to be the ones to close the land instead. And he told her of the family who currently owned it.
“I know this is a lot to take in, Riley, but now you see why I need your help. If you tell them why the inn is so important to the island, and tell them of the people that’ll be affected, they’ll see that selling us the land is the right thing to do.” He knew it was a lot to take in, but the fact that she hadn’t spoken a word and all the color had drained from her face left him worried. “Talk to me, darling. Say something.”
“Swear to me that this is the truth, that these aren’t more lies…” Her voice was so raw with emotion and she sounded so defeated, it killed him that he couldn’t take her in his arms and comfort her.
“I swear it’s the truth, Riley. You have to believe me…” He knew she had every right to question what he was saying, but he couldn’t believe things had deteriorated between them to such an extent.
She gave the tiniest of shrugs, almost as if she couldn’t manage anything more. “Even if it is the truth, how will we get the money together for the land? I don’t have anywhere near enough, Thorsen.”
It would take a good chunk of the money he had stashed, but it was worth everything if it would right things between them. With a heavy heart, he took her hand in his, even more worried when she didn’t pull back. She looked numb. Barely there. “I’ll take care of it. But I’m worried about you, darling.”
She shook her head and slowly pulled her hand free. “How the hell will you take care of it, Thorsen? And how could you bring this to my doorstep?” Her tears spilled over and slipped down her cheeks as she lowered her head, as if unable to bear the sight of him.
“Riley… I swear I didn’t realize any of this was going to happen. I had only the best intentions—even if it’s all gone horribly wrong.” His heart was aching—aching for the misery he’d caused her and aching for the loss of what they’d had. “I can’t fix this without your help, and there’s too much at stake to let my mistakes get in the way. Please, Riley…”
She swiped at her tears though her gaze was hard when she looked at him. “Fine. I’ll do what it takes to save the inn—even if it means I’ll have to deal with you until this gets sorted. But don’t go thinking it means anything more. We’re through.”
Hearing her speak those words left him feeling gutted. And yet he couldn’t blame her. “Aye, love. I expected as much, though I truly wish I could make things right between us.”
“I’m not discussing our relationship, Thorsen.” She looked away and shook her head as if annoyed with herself. “I can’t. I can’t even bear to think of it.”
“As you wish.” All he could do is hope that with time, her hurt and anger would ease. And in the meantime, they had more than enough to deal with. “I’d like to get on the road as soon as you’re able. They’re in Montpelier, Vermont and my assistant scheduled a meeting with them for nine in the morning. I don’t know how long the negotiations will take, but it might take a couple of days, so you’ll want to pack accordingly.”
She nodded and stood, but didn’t move further, her eyes locked on his. “I trust you to do what you can to make this right, Thorsen. But just so we’re clear—it changes nothing between us.”
He didn’t say anything, but he was damned if he was going to let her go without a fight.
***
They’d gotten to Montpelier in the middle of the night after a five-hour drive through woods and mountains, and booked two rooms not far from town. After very little sleep, Thorsen managed to drag Riley out of bed—her own, unfortunately—and were now meeting up with Ethan at a diner for a quick breakfast before heading to the lawyer’s office.
“Riley, this is my assistant and good friend, Ethan.” As Thorsen introduced the two of them, he watched to see his friend’s reaction to Riley.
Ethan had grilled him repeatedly as to whether or not Riley was worth the trouble he’d gone to, and though Riley was so much more than a pretty face, Thorsen was happy to see Ethan was impressed—even if she wasn’t her normally happy and smiling self.
Riley shook Ethan’s hand. “It’s a pleasure, though I wish it were under better circumstances.”
Ethan shot Thorsen a look before turning his attention back to Riley. “I won’t argue with you there, though I’m hoping this will all be sorted shortly. Has Thorsen told you everything?”
She spun on him with a sarcastic glare that was barely held in check—and probably subdued only because Ethan was present. “I don’t know. Have you told me everything? Or do you have a few more secrets stashed away, and are waiting until the matter has gotten completely out of hand—so you can then spring them on me?”
Ethan gave him a shit-eating grin, his amber eyes alight with humor and intelligence. “You’re right. I do like her.”
Thorsen was saved by the waitress who sat them in a corner of the diner and, thank the gods, was already off to get them each a big cup of coffee. Riley slid into the old-fashioned booth, and before she could protest, he slid in next to her so she was now nestled against him in the tight space. Granted, it was due to the small size of the booth rather than her forgiving him, but for now, he’d take what he could get, the absence of her touch unbearable.
He’d spent the night tossing and turning, unable to sleep without Riley in his arms. Instead, he’d let his mind wander to the land deal and saving the inn. One scenario after another, he tried to anticipate what might happen, what problems might arise, and potential solutions for each instance. So many things could go wrong, but Thorsen was hopeful that they’d be able to put a stop to his cousin’s plans if they managed to get the land. That was the key to putting an end to this mess.
Once they’d placed their order, Thorsen wanted to get to work. “How do you want to approach this, Ethan?”
“It’s actually quite simple. The Teague family land has been on the market for over a year with no interest until now, which means that their only real chance for a deal comes down to accepting your cousin’s deal or ours.” Ethan shrugged while stirring sugar and cream into his coffee. “We just need to make the better offer so we can close the deal. They might try to play us off each other, but they need to know that if we decide to walk away, then they lose whatever advantage they currently have.”
Riley’s eyes went wide and Thorsen wondered if she’d soon be reaching across the table to shake Ethan. “But we can’t walk away. If we do, the inn will be ruined—and that will ruin the island. You can use whatever money I have saved if it’ll help, but we have to make this happen.”
Wanting to comfort her, he gave her hand a squeeze. “Even if this land deal doesn’t work out, we’ll find another way. You have my word, darling. I’ll do everything I can to fix this.”
And he meant it. He’d make it right for her even if he had to sacrifice everything. Because he knew that if the inn didn’t survive this, the rest of the island would truly suffer and he wouldn’t stand a chance of ever getting Riley back.
Ethan just shook his head and gave him one of his looks—the sort that said he shouldn’t be making promises he couldn’t keep. “I want a raise after this. Because you’re going to be the death of me.”
That had both Thorsen and Riley smiling. Thorsen perked an eyebrow in question. “Hazard pay, is it?”
“You bet your ass.”


Chapter Thirteen

Riley had never been one for negotiations or manipulations—nor could she wrap her head around the legalese Ethan and Mr. Moore, the Teague’s lawyer, were spouting. Knowing what was at stake had upped her stress levels to nearly unbearable heights, and it was only made worse by her lack of sleep and the amount of caffeine she’d consumed to keep herself from face-planting onto the table.
Every muscle in her body was locked up so tightly, shards of pain splintered through her shoulders and down her back. Thorsen must have sensed how nervous she was because he reached out and gave her hand a squeeze where it was sitting in her lap, under the table. And she hated to admit it, but she let him. She held onto his hand as if it were a lifeline, because one thing was clear—the two Teague brothers and sister thought they could play Thorsen’s deal against Mark’s and get a bidding war started.
Ethan wrote something on a piece of paper and slid it across the table to Moore. “This is our offer. As you can see, it’s a far greater amount than you were asking for originally and far greater than Mark Windham has offered. We’re willing to be generous, but we are not willing to play games. This offer is good for twenty-four hours and any communication with Mark Windham or anyone else at Holt will void our offer.”
Ethan’s words left Riley feeling ill with nerves. How could he say they wouldn’t consider any further negotiations when everything was at stake? She had to beat back her emotions, and was sure she must be grinding the bones in Thorsen’s hand to dust.
Moore looked at it, face blank, and slid it to his clients. Each one took a look, eyes going wide for just a moment, before they slid it to the next sibling and then waited for their lawyer to continue. “We’ll consider the offer, but make no guarantees. We’ll meet here again tomorrow, same time.”
Thorsen let go of her hand and sat forward, everything about him so calm, you’d think he was sitting on the beach sipping margaritas rather than negotiating a deal that held all of Mermaid Isle in the balance. It made her realize just how good an actor he was. No wonder she’d bought his lies.
When he spoke, he addressed the family, rather than their lawyer. “I just wanted to add that we only have the island’s best interest at heart. I’m sure you have fond memories of going there as children, of walking the beach, and going into town for ice cream. You know how unique and quirky the island is, but so much of it depends on the Siren Song Inn remaining as it’s always been. Mark Windham and Durham have drastic changes in store, and selling your land to them would guarantee the island’s demise as the quintessential Maine getaway.”
“A bit melodramatic, don’t you think, Mr. Black?” Moore grabbed his briefcase and put it on the table so he could file away his papers. Though he might not be interested in the sentimental aspect of the island, Riley knew he wasn’t the one Thorsen had been trying to influence. And she swore she saw an acknowledgement of Thorsen’s words from the siblings.
Riley had kept her mouth shut thus far, too worried to speak, but that lawyer had pissed her off. “It’s not melodramatic when everything on the island is at stake, Mr. Moore. The entire island’s economy is dependent on the inn and the guests who come to stay at the Siren Song. It’s been around for over a century and it’s steeped with history. But sell to Durham and Holt, and that will all come to an end. And you can’t let that happen.” She tried to keep her emotions from her voice, but found it impossible, and was just glad she managed not to burst into tears.
Thorsen rested his hand on her back to comfort her, and it took all she had to not bury her head in his shoulder. But he wasn’t done with Moore just yet. “And just so your clients know what’s at stake for them and how things are likely to play out, I want to make it clear for them. If you don’t accept our offer, we’ll walk away and you’ll have no bargaining power, because there are no other interested buyers. This means you’ll be giving Mark Windham the upper hand, and trust me when I tell you, that man’s a bastard. He will screw you over, given half the chance. And if you think he’ll honor his original offer once he has you backed into a corner, you might want to rethink that strategy. I hope you’ll not misconstrue what I mean to be friendly advice.”
Thorsen stood and offered Riley his hand, which she took, because she was sure she’d be getting up on wobbly legs. Once she was sure her footing was stable and she wouldn’t topple over, she forced herself to let go of Thorsen’s hand and follow Ethan out of the office.
No one had yet to say a word as they wandered down the sidewalk, and the silence was getting to her. She thought the meeting had gone well, but quite frankly, she didn’t have enough experience with that sort of thing to know if she was right or gravely mistaken. “So? How do you guys think it went?”
Ethan shrugged and gave her a sideways glance. “As well as can be expected. Eirik—Thorsen—”, he rolled his eyes and shook his head with a sigh, “did a good job of dealing with the Teagues, and you were instrumental in making them realize how the island would be affected if they sell to Mark. I think they’ll come around to realize that our deal is a good one and a guaranteed thing.”
“Exactly. They’re now fully aware of the risk involved if they try to get more money out of Mark and play us off each other.” As they crossed the street, Thorsen put a gentle hand on the small of her back, there for no more than a moment before leaving her with nothing but a ghost of his touch. And though it was fleeting, that gentle caress was enough to bring on an onslaught of memories that she struggled to push aside.
“So now we wait?” She knew it would kill her. Patience had never been her strong suit, and with a matter of such importance, she’d end up being a tightly wound bundle of raw nerves.
Thorsen slowed his pace not far from where they’d parked. “We’ve got twenty-four hours, darling. Anything you’d like to do? I’m happy to oblige you any way I can.”
“I’m sure you are, and I appreciate the sentiment, but short of saving the inn, I don’t need you obliging me in any other way.” Why was he making this so hard on her? And why did he always have that flirty dazzle lighting up his eyes? ’Cause she swore it was there each and every time he looked at her.
What she should do is take a long nap—or go for a nice swim in the pool back at the hotel. It might help her burn off some energy and nerves—since distracting herself with Thorsen was no longer an option. Damn it. “I should try to take a nap since I got hardly any sleep last night, but I’m too worked up right now.”
“There’s some really good ice cream not far from here if you guys want to go for a bit of a drive.” Ethan yanked his tie off and shifted his leather briefcase, his dark hair getting more disheveled by the minute. It made Riley think he was probably more comfortable in casual wear and only tolerated a suit and tie as long as necessary. “Might want to get changed first. It’s getting hot and we’re all overdressed for sightseeing and grabbing a cone—unless you guys have other plans and would rather be alone.”
She glared at Ethan, his sly smile evidence that their relationship had graduated to him pushing her buttons. “Nope. We no longer have any reason to be alone.”
Ethan shifted his gaze from her to Thorsen and then back again. “Yeah…not my business, although it’s obvious you’re both still… ” He shook his head with a laugh. “Never mind.”
Thorsen just shook his head and gave Riley a sympathetic smile. Because they both knew what Ethan was hinting at. She was an open book with her thoughts and emotions and one thing was clear where Thorsen was concerned.
She was screwed—and that put her in a mood.
“I don’t know about the two of you, but I’m heading back to my room so I can slip into something more summer-like, and then I’m tracking down that ice cream cone. You two can stay here cracking jokes or you can join me, but I don’t care either way.” Riley held out her hand and wiggled her fingers. “Keys.”
Thorsen dropped them in her hand with a sweet smile. “I’m up for anything you’d like to do, darling.”
“Then you best stop calling me darling, Thorsen—Eirik. And do me a favor and pick a goddamn name.” She would not give in to his charms. She couldn’t.
Looking at Thorsen, Ethan shook his head with a wide smile that lit up his golden brown eyes. “Yeah. I definitely like her.”
***
Riley did her best to avoid thinking about the land deal and the inn, though time was still trickling by. Thorsen had done his best to keep her busy—they got ice cream, went for a bit of a hike, wandered through the shops in town, grabbed dinner, and were now heading out for a pint. She really wasn’t much of a drinker, but figured after the last day or two, she could use one.
“Sorry…this is where I leave the two of you.” Ethan put up his hands to stem any protests. “There’s still a lot that needs to get done, and I’m exhausted.”
“Not even one drink?” Riley wasn’t sure she wanted to be alone with Thorsen. Despite him trying to make amends, despite them having a good time, her trust in him had been shattered, and she wasn’t stupid enough to get involved with someone she didn’t trust. There was no point. If you didn’t have trust, you didn’t have a relationship. How could you if you were left constantly second-guessing everything that person told you?
“I’m afraid not, though if you don’t mind, Thorsen, I’m going to steal Riley for just a moment.” Ethan shifted his gaze from Thorsen to her, leaving her to wonder what he wanted.
“As long as I get her back.” Humor made Thorsen’s eyes sparkle and it sent yet another pang to her heart, knowing they could have been so good together.
When Ethan motioned with a head tilt, she nodded and fell into step by his side. “I’m glad I got the opportunity to get to know you. He’ll probably murder me for saying this, but Eirik—or should I say Thorsen—has never spoken about anyone else the way he speaks of you. And I’ve known him for close to a decade now.”
“I don’t understand why you’re telling me this.” What the hell was she supposed to do with that information? Whatever they had between them had been ruined with lies. You couldn’t just get over something like that.
“I’m telling you because I know you’re upset with him—and rightfully so. It was stupid of him to lie. Though, knowing him, it’s likely he didn’t lie, but rather did an amazing job evading the truth.” Ethan might actually be right, now that Riley thought of it, though it didn’t matter in the end. Thorsen’s intentions had been the same.
Ethan ran a rough hand back and forth through his dark hair, making it stand on end as he continued to build his friend’s defense. “I’m not trying to make excuses for him, but remember the sort of work he’s been doing up until now. His life has depended on keeping secrets and manipulating information. And Riley…you need to know that he only wanted to make you happy when he had Holt put an offer on the inn. His intentions were good—and honestly, he put a lot on the line personally to get that deal on the inn approved by the Holt board members.”
Well, she sure as hell wished he hadn’t bothered, though her anger with him had tempered a bit. Damn it. She wanted to be furious with him, especially when things were such a mess because of him.
“Did he put you up to this?” She didn’t think so, but needed to make sure and didn’t think Ethan would lie to her about it.
Ethan scoffed with a shake of his head and a smile, which made Riley like him all the more. “Hell, no. And if he had asked—which he’d never do, by the way—I wouldn’t have done it.” He shrugged, and dug out his keys. “I guess that’s why I’m doing it. Because he’d never think to ask and because the man is stupidly smitten with you. I’ve known him a long time and I’ve never seen him like this.”
She gave him a genuine smile, happy she could still manage it with everything that was going on. “Thorsen’s lucky to have you as a friend, Ethan.”
“Damn right he is.” He leaned in and gave her a wink.
Riley bid him a good night and wandered back down the road to where Thorsen was waiting. He pursed his lips as his blue eyes took her in. “Is everything all right, darling?”
“Yeah, though I wouldn’t mind taking you up on that drink.” Her mind was still churning over everything Ethan had said. It was a lot to take in when she was already feeling overwhelmed.
What kept coming back to her from her conversation with Ethan was that Thorsen had put a lot on the line to get the inn. She wasn’t sure what that meant, but Ethan’s tone had been serious enough to have her wondering what Thorsen had done to get the sale of the inn approved by Holt. But more importantly, she really wanted to know why he’d done it.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” He still looked worried about her, but when he went to cup her cheek, she pulled away. She had to.
“I’m sorry, Thorsen, but I can’t. I hate to push you away, but each time you touch me, I’m reminded of what we had and what could have been. And it kills me, because I know it would have been amazing.”
“I truly am sorry, love.” He looked away and shook his head. Before she could say anything else, he said, “There’s a pub just ahead.”
He looked hurt, and it left her feeling guilty that she was pushing him away when he was doing everything he could to make things right between them. It nearly had her giving in, but no good would come from dropping her defenses, and she couldn’t just pick up where they’d left off before everything went to hell. What they had was gone, and she didn’t think she’d ever be so trusting again.
Without taking her hand—and why would he when she’d just pushed him away?—Thorsen led the way to the pub he’d mentioned. Though it was pretty busy, the place still managed to maintain an easygoing and casual feel. Luckily, there were a few seats available at the bar, and moments later she and Thorsen were climbing onto a pair of stools.
“Looks like they’ve got an extensive selection on tap.” He motioned towards a large blackboard with a handwritten list of beers. “Any thoughts?”
Once she’d scanned the list, it didn’t take long for her to make a decision, though it wasn’t beer. “The mead…it sounds perfect.” She loved the honey drink, which could run from dry to sweet and was often flavored with a variety of fruit juices. This one was made with raspberries and sounded perfect.
“As you wish, love.” It was hard to ignore that the humor had faded from Thorsen’s voice and the light had gone from his eyes. He looked and sounded weary, and it left her wondering if she was being too hard on him.
She knew he’d been trying his damnedest to fix things. Or maybe the last few days had finally caught up to him. It’s not that he hadn’t seemed affected by everything that’d happened, but up until now, he’d been hopeful—especially when dealing with her. Suddenly, it felt like he’d given up.
He placed their order, and it didn’t take long before the publican had a pint of dark oatmeal stout in front of Thorsen and had gotten her a glass of mead. She took a long sip, trying to ignore the new undercurrent of emotions bubbling inside her.
“How is it?” No smile. Flat tone, though it was still kind. Hell, he’d barely looked away from his pint. And it was killing her.
“It’s really good. Not as sweet as you’d think, and you can really taste the raspberries. Gives it a bit of tartness that balances out the honey.” She gave him a smile, hoping he’d oblige her and smile back. Seeing him like this was really throwing her for a loop, when it was so unlike the man she’d gotten used to.
“Glad to hear it.” No love, no darling, and no sweet Summer.
“Hey, are you all right? I know we’ve got a lot going on, but…” She shook her head, now thinking she should have left it alone. Obviously, he was upset and she was probably the reason for it. It felt like she’d just poked him with a big stick. “Sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“No…don’t be sorry, Riley.” He tilted his head so he could look at her, his eyes so intense—so filled with emotion—that she could barely hold his gaze. “I guess I’m starting to realize that I screwed things up between us—irreparably so.”
Irreparably so. Hearing him speak those words had her heart breaking all over again. “What will you do once this is all over?”
“I guess part of that depends on how things turn out with the inn, but…I don’t know. My plans all involved having you in my life and if that’s not an option, then I’m not sure I’ll be able to deal with staying on the island. It’ll just be too hard, love.”
“Yeah…it would be.” Not wanting him to see the tears that threatened, she looked away and took a long swig of her drink, the glass cold and wet in her hand. She wished she could press it to her eyes to try to get them to stop burning.
“We’re a miserable pair, aren’t we?” Some of the humor had returned to Thorsen’s voice.
She let out a sigh, her voice cracking as she spoke. “Miserable indeed.”


Chapter Fourteen

Thorsen hesitated for a moment, and then refusing to second-guess himself, ran his hand down Riley’s back. She’d asked him not to touch her, yet how could he not comfort her when she was so upset?
When she buried her face against her arm and turned away from him, it left him wondering if he’d done the right thing or made things worse. And it also left him wondering how the hell things had gone so wrong between them and in so little time.
“Riley…look at me.” He gently turned her towards him and cupped her face in his hand, not surprised to see the tears there. He brushed them away, knowing he was the source of her problems, and yet unable to ease her pain. “Och, love…don’t cry.”
He thought she might pull away—hell, he thought she might even walk out of the pub and leave him sitting there. What he hadn’t expected was for her to slip her arms around his waist and bury her head in the crook of his shoulder. The pain around his heart eased a little as he held her tightly.
“I’m sorry. I hate being such an emotional mess. And in the middle of a crowded pub, no less.” She shook her head, but still didn’t pull away or loosen her hold, and though Thorsen knew he was grasping at straws, it gave him a bit of hope that they might still get through this, even if it ended up being a long and rocky road.
“Don’t apologize, Riley. It’s been a rough few days, yeah?” He kissed the top of her head, and took a deep breath to slow his racing emotions. Minutes earlier, he was thinking there was little hope for them ever getting back together. And now? She was in his arms. Though they might be a long way off from where they were, it felt like a start. “We’ll get through this.”
She pulled away just enough to look up at him, her green eyes still looking worried, though he was relieved to see her tears had stopped. “I just don’t know what to think or feel anymore, but…fuck, Thorsen. I still love you, even if logic says I should hate you.”
His pulse kicked up with hope even as his head told him to slow the hell down before he scared her off. And yet… “I never stopped loving you, Riley. My heart’s never belonged to anyone but you.”
“Maybe once this is all over…maybe then we can see where we stand.” When she shook her head and started to pull away, he held on, not ready to let her go.
“I’ll do whatever it takes to get you back, darling.” She was so close, and with her still in his arms, he could resist her no longer.
Desperate to remind her of what they had, he kissed her, even as she tried to pull away. Kissed her as if his life depended on it.
She softened in his arms and deepened their kiss, flooding his head with memories of their nights together. And then she brought their kiss to an end, though she didn’t pull away, but rather stayed there nestled against him.
“Why do you do this to me, Thorsen?” Her words were but a whisper against his skin, making him want to drag her back to the hotel and right his wrongs.
“Because we were meant to be together, and you know no one else will do—not for me, and I’d suspect not for you. I know you’re still upset with me, and I don’t blame you.” He tightened his hold, as if she might try to walk away from what they had. “But don’t give up on us, darling. You’re my everything.”
She slipped out of his arms and settled back in her seat, taking a sip of her drink, before looking back over at him. “I can’t promise you anything, Thorsen.”
“I know, love.” He couldn’t ask for anything more, and all things considered, she’d been more than understanding. “Even that’s more generous than I deserve.”
Needing the fortification, he took a long pull from his pint, knowing now more than ever that he had to make sure his cousin didn’t get the land or control of the inn. Even if he had to sacrifice it all, he was now determined to buy the inn from Holt, knowing it’d be the only way to keep it safe.
Yet it still hinged on him getting the land rather than Mark, since the board would never agree to sell the inn if the deal with Durham could turn them a healthy profit.
And then he noticed something in the mirror behind the bar. Distracted as he’d been with Riley, he hadn’t noticed the three men sitting at a table not too far from the door.
Something felt off about them. If Thorsen had to guess, he’d say they weren’t local. It’s not that Montpelier didn’t get their share of tourists or businessmen, but something about them had his back going up. Given his line of work, his instincts with this sort of thing had served him well in the past, and he’d rather be paranoid but safe, especially when Riley was with him.
“Take your time finishing your drink, love, but if you don’t mind, I’d like to get going when you’re ready. We have a busy day ahead of us tomorrow.” He gave her a casual smile so as not to make her worry, though he was already scanning the room discreetly, looking for an alternative exit. And until she was ready to leave, he’d continue watching the men on the off chance he was mistaken.
“Sure, whenever you’re ready. I’m nearly done.” She took a long pull from her glass and gave him a hint of a smile, though her gaze was taking him in as if she suspected something might not be right. “If you’re thinking we can head back early on the off chance I’ll fall into your bed, you’ll be sorely disappointed, Thorsen.”
“When you come to my bed, love, I don’t want it to be because you happened to fall into it.” A smile pulled at his lips. “Not that I’d kick you out of my bed under any circumstance. But that’s neither here nor there—no man in their right mind would show you the door.”
“Is that so?” Her eyebrows perked in question, and he loved that they could once again joke around and even flirt a little.
“You know it is, darling.” A new group of people squeezed into the pub, blocking the men’s view. Thorsen grabbed Riley’s hand, knowing this was their best chance of sneaking out. “Come on. We need to go, love.”
He started dragging her towards the back of the pub, when she tugged on his hand and slowed her pace. “Where are we going? The door’s that way.”
“We’re going out the back. I’ll explain later.” The pub didn’t have a back exit for patrons, but it did have a kitchen and nearly all kitchens had back doors for bringing in stock. A good thing, too, since they’d saved his pickle on more than one occasion.
He pushed the swinging door open, and ignored the protests and wide eyes on the cooks. “Sorry.” A quick apology was all he had time for as he dragged Riley through to the rear of the kitchen and out into the night.
“Come on.” They walked into the back alley that ran behind the restaurant, and Thorsen quickly maneuvered them towards the end that would dump them closest to their car.
He still didn’t know if he was being paranoid, but he’d feel better once they were back at the hotel. Thorsen peeked out at the main road but didn’t spot the men and, luckily, Riley’s car was only half a block away.
Riley pulled on his hand, slowing him down enough that he looked over his shoulder at her. “Could you at least slow down a smidge? Your legs are a foot longer than mine.”
“Sorry, love.” He slowed his pace—and then he saw the three men, though they’d yet to spot him and Riley. “This way.”
Thorsen yanked her behind a van, knowing it’d provide cover until they could make a run for her car. As long as he got her out of here safely, he’d manage to fend for himself. “Take the keys, and when I tell you to go, you’re to make a run for the car and get out of here.”
“Thorsen, what the hell’s going on?”
“Just do it, Riley. Do you hear me? And don’t go to our rooms. Ethan’s staying at the hotel just over the river on the outskirt of town. I’ll be there as soon as I’m able.” He peeked around the corner of the vehicle and knew it was now or never if he had any hope of getting Riley out of there. “Now, love. Quick as you can without drawing attention to yourself, and try your best to skirt the buildings and the shadows.”
Her eyes were wide with panic. “I can’t just leave you here, Thorsen.”
“I’ll be fine.” He gave her a quick kiss and then walked into the road, hoping to hell she’d just do as he asked.
Knowing they’d easily spot him, he slowly crossed the street so Riley would have enough time to get to her car without being noticed. Just as he’d suspected, they started to approach him, the three men fanning out so they could attack on all sides. Thorsen did a quick assessment as his mind instantly played out various scenarios and maneuvers, attacks and counter-attacks. He didn’t have any weapons on him, but this wasn’t his first fight and he’d been well trained.
“Can I help you with something?” They were big, but there was also a stiffness to their movements. It made Thorsen think they were thugs rather than anyone with actual training. That meant this likely had nothing to do with any of his previous dealings with Interpol, and instead was about the inn and the land. He didn’t know if his cousin would go to these sorts of measures, but thought Durham might. And that meant Mark knew he was trying to buy the land out from under them.
“Yeah…you can leave town, and rethink the real estate market. I hear it’s not such a good investment. Downright dangerous.” The man gave him a cocky grin, and that was all the time Thorsen had for thinking, as the first guy made his move and the others started to close in.
No guns—yet. Thorsen deflected the punch that came at him, using the guy’s momentum to throw him off balance and toss him at the guy behind him. The next guy was bigger but was more agile than his friends and already closing in.
Thorsen blocked one punch, and took a glancing blow from another as he swiped the legs out from under the guy he was facing. Pain erupted across his back as he took a fist to the kidneys. He spun, grabbing the next punch as he stepped out of its path, and with a quick move and strike of his other hand, took out the man’s elbow and then kicked out his knee. The most formidable of his three opponents was now a screaming heap in the middle of the road.
The remaining two men attacked at once, but they were angry rather than clear-headed, and though Thorsen took another fist or two, he made quick work of one and had the remaining man rethinking his situation.
Riley pulled up. “Get in.”
Thorsen hopped into the car and she sped off like there was a demon on her tail. “You were supposed to get out of here, Riley, and keep yourself safe.”
“Well, I couldn’t just leave you here. They could have pulled out a knife or a gun.” Her voice was pitched with panic, and her driving was crazy enough to have pedestrians jumping out of the road.
“That’s exactly why I didn’t want you hanging around.” He’d never forgive himself if something happened to her—or anyone else. He glanced behind them to make sure they weren’t being followed. Nothing yet. “And please slow down before you kill someone.”
She nodded and let up on the gas, though she was still white-knuckling the steering wheel. “Are you badly hurt?”
He heard her voice crack and tremble, and knew she was barely holding it together. It could have been a lot worse if the men had been better trained or had pulled out weapons, but as it stood, he’d managed with little difficulty. He brushed her cheek with the back of his hand, wishing she wouldn’t worry. “I’m fine—just a few bruises.”
“I saw you…what you did to them.” She threw him a quick glance and then shook her head as she maneuvered the car out of town. “I knew you worked for Interpol, and knew it must be dangerous, but…shit. Those guys were big—and mean. And you took them out like you were in some goddamn movie. Is this just another day at the office for you?”
The last thing he wanted was to give her another excuse to avoid being with him, and he knew that his line of work would have most women throwing up their hands and walking away. “That’s not my life anymore, Riley. I won’t deny getting in some fairly tricky situations, but that’s behind me now.”
“Clearly.” The breath she let out sounded shallow and strained, making him regret that he’d brought her with him to Vermont. “I swear, I don’t think I’ve ever been so scared in my entire life. Stuff like that just doesn’t happen to me.”
And yet his life was drastically different from hers. What just happened with those guys had him barely batting an eye—except for the fact that Riley had been with him and she could have gotten hurt. That was something new, and it shook him to his core.
“I’m sorry I’ve gotten you mixed up in this mess. I’ll grab our things from the hotel and then I’ll need to talk to Ethan.” If this thing escalated, he didn’t want Riley—or Ethan—around. “Do you have any friends you can stay with who aren’t on Mermaid Isle? Not family…they’d be too easy to track.”
She looked at him, eyes narrowed and slack-jawed, as if he’d lost his mind. “If you think I’m leaving, you can guess again. There’s no way in hell I’m going to let you deal with this on your own.”
“You are leaving, and it’s not up for debate.” He didn’t care if she got angry with him, as long as he kept her safe. “If you don’t want to stay with friends, pick any place you’d like to go, and I’ll make the appropriate arrangements. You mentioned Norway…you can go there if you’d like.”
“I’m. Not. Going. To. Norway.” The words were forced through her clenched jaw, and then, as if she’d had enough, she pulled the car over to the side of the road and screeched to a stop. “I swear, Thorsen, you’d drive any sane person mad.”
“Me?” He let out a sigh to calm himself and tried to take a step back, knowing he wouldn’t get anywhere if she fought him each step of the way. “I’m trying to keep you safe, Riley, but the only way I can do that is if you let me. I don’t know who sent those guys, and I don’t want you getting hurt.”
“Then the safest place for me is with you.” She shifted in her seat and grabbed his hand. “I don’t want to be alone… and I don’t want to be miles away wondering if you’re safe or if someone’s gotten to you.”
“All right, then. Let’s get Ethan, find a safe place to stay and then we’ll see where we stand.” That was fine—because if things took a turn for the worse, he wasn’t above knocking her unconscious and shipping her off to some safe house overseas. There’d be hell to pay when he saw her again, but she’d be safe and that’s all that mattered.
Thorsen quickly grabbed their things at the hotel while Riley circled the block, and then they were off to meet up with Ethan at a new hotel an hour away, making sure to register under one of his aliases. They took the elevator to the second floor, and found their rooms.
“Ethan, you’re right next door to us and there should be an adjoining door if you need it.” Thorsen handed him his key card and then turned to Riley, who had hands on her hips and an eyebrow perked in question. “Before you say anything, yes, we’re in the same room, but I’ll be staying on the sofa. I just want to make sure you’re safe.”
“So, why does Ethan get his own room?” She tilted her head in Ethan’s direction as he raised his hands in surrender.
“This is between the two of you, and I still have work to do, especially with these latest developments. I’ll call the Teagues and warn them on the off chance they become a target. If you need anything else, you know where I’ll be.” And with that, Ethan escaped into his room.
Thorsen opened the door to their room as he explained his reasoning. “Darling, Ethan might look fairly harmless, but he’s a fourth-degree black belt.” Once in, he quickly checked out the room to make sure there wasn’t anyone waiting, and then threw the dead bolt on the door. “He can take care of himself under most circumstances. So, by all means, I’ll get you your own room if you can handle yourself against a group of thugs.”
She plopped herself down on the bed with a scowl. “You know I can’t.”
“And that, sweet Summer, is why we’ll be sharing a room.”


Chapter Fifteen

Riley looked around the hotel room before crossing her arms in front of her chest. “So…where’s the sofa, Thorsen?”
He shrugged with a look of innocence, though there was a mischievous light in his eyes. “They said there was a sofa, but must have been mistaken. I can take the floor or the tub if you don’t trust me to share the bed.”
It’s not that she didn’t trust him—it’s that she didn’t trust herself. She’d been furious with him less than twenty-four hours ago. She’d wanted nothing to do with him, and had told him not to touch her. So, how the hell had he managed to get her in a lip lock less than a day later? And now she was going to let him sleep next to her. “You better stay on your side of the bed. Do you hear me?”
“Aye, darling. Crystal clear.” When he pulled off his t-shirt, Riley had to force herself to look away from his perfectly built form or run the risk that he’d catch her gawking at him.
Except that what she saw had her sucking in a breath. A large bruise of mottled purple spread across his back and side. And then as she looked closer, she noticed his cheek and lips were swollen and scraped. “Crap, Thorsen. You didn’t tell me you were injured.”
She closed the distance between them to see the extent of his injuries, cursing when she saw more bruises marring his perfect form.
He took her hands in his, and tilted his head into the path of her gaze so she’d be forced to look at him. “Hey…this is nothing, love. Don’t go worrying yourself. I’m fine.”
And maybe it was—this time around. But the thought that Thorsen could have been injured far worse didn’t escape her, nor did the realization that things would likely escalate the next time around. The day’s events coupled with the thought of him being gravely injured—or worse—had tears springing to her eyes. She looked away, hoping he wouldn’t notice, but knew it was too late. “Why is it that you reduce me to tears each and every time? I swear, I never cry.”
He pulled her into his arms and held her tightly, leaning his cheek against the top of her head. “Riley, this isn’t the sort of thing you’ve had to deal with before. Your life’s been in turmoil the last few weeks—and don’t think it escapes me that I’m the reason for all your problems. But I do love you, Riley.”
With her head nestled against his chest, she could hear his heart racing, echoing her own. Now that her initial hurt and anger had faded, she knew that he was still the sweet, caring guy she’d fallen in love with all those years ago. And she also knew that no matter who else she’d dated, her heart still seemed to belong to no one else but him. She’d loved him from the start and loved him now—she just needed to get past their current difficulties.
She looked up at his handsome face and saw the kindness and concern in those blue eyes of his. “Tell me we’ll get through this, Thorsen.”
“We will. And we’ll get through it together, though I have no doubt you’d be better off without me. Safer, at least.” He cupped her cheek and brushed her lips in a whisper of a kiss that left her wanting more.
And yet she knew this was one hell of a dangerous game she was playing—especially when they’d soon be sharing a bed. She just didn’t know if she had it in her to keep her distance when her heart and soul ached to be with him once more. “I swear, I don’t know what to do about you.”
“Don’t overthink things, darling, and don’t go rushing into anything either. We have time, yeah? And maybe once all this is all over and the dust has settled, you’ll have a better sense of what’s right for you.”
He was right. She was overthinking things, though if she didn’t slip out of his arms and away from his half-naked body, she wouldn’t be thinking at all.
“I’m going to call it a night. Anything I can do to help with those bruises before I turn in? Maybe get you some ice or a pain-killer?” Not that she’d stepped away from him. If anything, she was even more aware of how his hard muscles and warm skin felt under the palm of her hands.
“I’m fine, love. Just a bit stiff.” He let her slip free of his embrace, and pulled back the covers. “Do you mind if I grab the side closest to the door? Just in case.”
“Yeah…sure.” Did that mean he was worried that those guys might show back up?
Riley dug through her bag for something to wear to bed, though her mind strayed back to the men who had attacked them. It didn’t take long for her to change into a tank and shorts, but she was back to feeling on edge.
“Do you think they’ll send another group after us?” She pulled back the covers on her side of the bed while eyeing Thorsen, who’d already gotten settled while she’d been getting changed.
“I won’t lie to you, love. They might, though I promise to keep you safe. Don’t go worrying yourself.” He shifted over to make sure she had enough room as she crawled in next to him. “I’m still not sure if it was Durham or my cousin who sent them, but it seems to have to do with the land deal, which means this will likely end once the land is sold.”
Riley wasn’t totally clueless, and knew there was a good chance things would escalate to keep them from closing the deal. She rarely had to deal with any sort of hostility in her life, and the thought of another attack was starting to freak her out.
“Won’t that mean they’ll try to stop us from making it to the meeting tomorrow?” She was sure he could hear the panic in her voice, but there was no help for it. The first attack had scared the hell out of her, but after Thorsen single-handedly kicked their asses, she knew they’d send more fire power the next time around.
“They might try to, but we won’t make it easy for them. Ethan and I will figure something out, and I promise, we’ll keep you from harm.” When he pulled her into his arms and nestled her against his side, she didn’t protest, too worried about what might happen. “Don’t suppose I can convince you to go visit a friend far away from this mess?”
“So I can be worried sick about you and Ethan? I’m not leaving, Thorsen. ”
“Then I guess we should probably get some sleep.” He flicked off the light, gave her a quick kiss and nestled her close, spooning her from behind. “It’s going to be a busy morning.”
She didn’t know how much sleep she’d get while tangled in his arms, but at least her mind was no longer dwelling on her problems. Each time either of them shifted, she was left wanting to completely forgive him for all his wrongs if he’d just do a more thorough job of distracting her.
Though she might feel differently come morning, in this very moment, she knew exactly what she wanted. Turning to face him, she kissed his neck and nuzzled against him, breathing deep so his scent of smoke and moss filled her head. Her heart and body ached for him, and though she wasn’t ready to just pick up where they’d left off, she still loved him. More importantly, Thorsen was doing everything he could to secure the inn’s future and make things right between them. And she’d seen the price tag on that land—he was putting a lot on the line.
When she kissed his neck again, he let out a deep growl. His hands skimmed down her back and settled on her waist, pulling her close so it was impossible for her to ignore his hard length pinned between them. “By the gods, Riley, are you sure…”
“Shhh…” She didn’t want to overthink things, and right now this felt right, even if she was emotionally exhausted. She needed this distraction—and she was desperate to lose herself in him and forget their problems.
Letting her hands wander, she could feel his muscles tense wherever she touched him, his reaction to her immediate. She loved that she could have such an effect on him, especially when her reaction to him was always instantaneous.
He brushed his lips against hers with a teasing kiss, but the slow pace he was setting made her want him even more. She nipped at him and deepened their kiss, as her hand wandered under the waistband of his boxers to stroke his length with a feather touch. The delicate skin of his cock felt like silk pulled over a steely shaft as she wrapped her fingers around his girth and let them slide from the tip down to his thick base.
“Get these off.” Her words were spoken against his lips and between kisses, but instead of obliging her, he groaned and firmly covered her hand with his.
“Och, love…you know I want you. Desperately. But…fuck.” He shook his head and let out a deep breath. “It’ll kill me if this is it. If you’re planning on going your own way once this is over, then I don’t think I can do this.”
“You’re the one who told me not to overthink things, Thorsen. And I was trying to take a leap of faith—that things would be okay between us once things got sorted with the inn.” She was now frustrated and hurt, wishing she’d just gone to sleep. “I’m not a fortune teller, and it’s not like anything in life is guaranteed anyway.”
“Riley…I know that.”
She pulled out of his arms and got to her feet, needing to put some distance between them before her emotions got the better of her. After everything he’d put her through, why the hell was she even going down this road? Except that she knew why.
“You’d think the fact that I still love you would be enough—or the fact that you’d be getting laid. Most guys would be happy enough with that alone. What the hell do you want from me, Thorsen?” She should have never come to Vermont with him.
Desperate to get away, she flicked on the light and started gathering her clothes. She still had her car. Let him catch a ride home with Ethan.
He climbed out of bed and came to her side, a teasing smile dancing on his lips as he set aside her clothes and took her hands in his. “Tell me again, darling.”
“Tell you what?” She tried to yank her hands free but to no avail. “Let go of me, Thorsen.”
His smile kicked up another notch. “Tell me again that you love me.” He pulled her into his arms and held her tightly so she was now pressed against his naked chest, all too aware of his hard length as it rode against her slit, distracting her from her protests. “Tell me, sweet Summer.”
“No. It was nothing but a lie.” But already she was softening in his arms, his touch melting away her hurt and anger, soothing all the jagged edges. She tried another halfhearted attempt, though even she didn’t believe it. “I’m going home.”
“Are you really, darling?” His hands slipped down her back to cup her ass and pull her tightly against him, so her pounding heart was echoed between her legs.
“What do you want from me, Thorsen? I was perfectly happy to go down this road and you were the one who put a stop to it.” He distracted her with a kiss that left her dizzy and wishing he’d just take her back to bed.
“That’s because I’m a fool and I can’t think straight when I’m around you.” He nipped at her neck until her head fell forward against his shoulder and her breath caught, his next words spoken between kisses. “You leave me desperate, darling, because I can’t imagine my life if you’re not in it.”
Truth was she felt the same about him. She’d been devastated when she found out Thorsen was with Holt because up until then, she’d never been so happy or felt so complete.
And then he kissed her with a toe-curling kiss that left her unable to think of anything but him, reminding her of what they had together and what could be.
She could barely get the words out past his kisses, as he lifted her up off her feet and she wrapped her legs around his waist. “Promise me everything will be okay, Thorsen—and that you’ll stay safe.”
“I promise, love.” He laid her on the bed, nestled between her legs, covering her body with his.
“I swear, if you don’t get these boxers off this time around…”
He chuckled and gave her one more kiss. “I’ve learned my lesson, darling, and wouldn’t dream of denying you.”
He quickly obliged her and got himself naked before ridding her of whatever she was wearing, their clothes tossed haphazardly aside. He hooked her leg behind the knee, opening her up to him and burying himself deep in one go, her breath catching as he filled her. As worked up as she was, her body was more than ready for him.
His pace was quick but purposeful, so each stroke sent a wave of pleasure through her, building on the one before. She kissed him to keep her cries from being heard, as his hips rode high with each thrust, rubbing against her clit perfectly while filling her completely. Her skin tingled with the sensation that told her she was on the verge of coming.
And then he bit her neck. It was just enough pain to push her over the edge, her body clenching around him as she rode out the waves of pleasure.
He kissed her sweetly, his eyes searching her face as he brushed a stray lock from her face, his touch lingering. “I love you, Riley. More than life itself.”
Before she could find her voice, he flipped her onto all fours, his fingers digging into her hips as he drove into her, riding her rough so she was teetering on the edge again, every nerve in her body alight. He pulled her up onto just her knees, so her back was pressed against his chest, each thrust now hitting a different set of nerves.
When she thought she might just burst into millions of shards of light, he bit the curve of her neck where it met her shoulder and slipped his hand between her legs to rub lazy circles over her clit.
“Will you come again for me, darling?” And so she did.
Her body quivered in his grasp as she came again, and he joined her with his own release so she finally felt whole once more, cradled in the love and safety of his arms.


Chapter Sixteen

Thorsen sat in the diner booth with Riley tucked in at his side, ignoring the looks Ethan was giving him while trying his best not to grin ear to ear. It seemed like she’d forgiven him for all his stupid mistakes, though he didn’t want to think of what would happen between them if he wasn’t able to save the inn. If nothing else, last night had been a start, and he couldn’t ask for more.
They had a few hours before their meeting with the Teagues, and after the night Thorsen had with Riley, he needed breakfast. A big pile of it. Luckily, the diner was efficient and it didn’t take long for their food to show up.
“Did they agree to the new location?” Thorsen had asked Ethan to switch up their meeting with the Teagues, so as to avoid any thugs who might be waiting around the law office where they’d met the day before.
“They did, and they agreed to the precautions you recommended so as to avoid being followed. Although knowing you were attacked and they could also become a target has scared the crap out of them.” Ethan shook his head. “I told them not to contact Mark…”
“It may be what happened, though I wouldn’t put it past my cousin to notice we were no longer on the island and make the connection.” Thorsen reined in his anger, still furious that Riley could have gotten hurt in the attack. “Either way, we won’t be voiding the offer we made, since we don’t have proof the Teagues contacted Mark, and we still need this sale to go through.”
“Did they give any indication as to whether or not they’ll sell you the land?” Riley had been on edge all morning, and he couldn’t blame her, knowing everything was on the line.
Ethan poured the maple syrup over his pile of blueberry pancakes. “No, they didn’t say. But we’ll know soon enough.”
Thorsen’s phone rang. Mark. Anger flared in his chest and it was a good thing for his cousin that they weren’t meeting face to face. He got to his feet, knowing he’d need to take this call in a less public place or risk getting thrown out of the diner. “Sorry. I need to take this.”
Ethan shook his head. “Keep your temper, Eirik.”
But already, Thorsen was heading for the door and answering his phone. “You fucking bastard.”
“I’m doing all I can to guarantee this inn you talked Holt into buying actually turns a profit—and I’m the bastard? You have some nerve, Eirik. And I can tell you now, if you screw me over on this land deal I have going, I’ll be sure the board knows you’ve attempted to sabotage every effort I’ve made to make this a profitable venture for Holt.”
“And do you really think the board will support you when they find out you sent a group of thugs after us? Holt’s never been that sort of company.” It was the truth. His father would never have tolerated those sorts of underhanded tactics, nor would he have associated with anyone who would.
“What the hell are you talking about?” There was a hint of surprise in Mark’s voice, but it had also wavered, as if he’d just realized that his associates at Durham may very well go down that road.
“I’m talking about the three men who attacked us last night. You’re just lucky I was able to keep Riley safe or this would be a far different conversation.” The thought was infuriating, and Thorsen did little to hide his anger.
“Eirik…I didn’t realize—”
Thorsen cut him off. “Do you really think it wise to climb into bed with a company like Durham? They’re not exactly the sort who play nice with others, yeah? And you’re getting ready to form a partnership, which I guarantee you will not be easy to sever when you decide it no longer suits you. Except that you won’t be the only one dragged into this mess, but Holt.”
Silence. Clearly, Mark hadn’t really thought this through, or hadn’t realized what it would be like to work with a company like Durham.
Thorsen continued, knowing he had Mark questioning himself. “Cut your ties with Durham, Mark, before it’s too late. For fuck’s sake, I know we’ve had our differences, but you don’t want to go down that road, and you sure as hell don’t want to drag Holt into that sort of relationship and then have to explain it to the board. I’m buying the land next to the inn, are we clear? Use it as an excuse to back out of the deal if you want—and you best make sure that’s the end of any threats. Do you hear me? Because if anyone comes after us again, I’m going to make sure you’re the one who pays for it.”
“I’ll talk to Durham and you can do whatever the hell you want with that land, but I’m still going ahead with our plans to overhaul the inn.”
“We’ll see about that.”
***
Thorsen could feel Riley’s anxiousness pouring off of her, her grip on his hand like a steel vise. But until the meeting was over—with a deal or without—there was little he could do to comfort her.
Ethan slid the paper back to the Teagues’ lawyer. “I’m sorry, but it’s like we said yesterday—we’re not interested in haggling. After the run-in we had with Durham’s men, Holt is cutting their ties with them and is no longer interested in the land. Feel free to call Mark Windham if you’d like—or check your email. I’m sure you’ll have received something in the last few hours.”
The Teagues’ wide eyes and furtive glances at one another meant they understood exactly how precarious their situation now was. They waited while Moore quickly checked his email on his phone, and then with pursed lips, looked to his clients and nodded.
Ethan took a final glance at the contract he’d drawn up. “Prior to this, the house and land had been on the market a significant amount of time, with little to no interest due to the remote location of the island and the lack of any legal access roads to the property. We are still interested in purchasing the land and farmhouse, but given that we are now the only ones interested, I hope you’ll appreciate the fact that Mr. Black is a generous man. Going against my counsel, he’s still willing to honor his original offer.”
Ethan handed over the contract as the Teagues let out a collective sigh of relief and nodded to their lawyer. “We’ll accept the offer.”
Riley grabbed at his arm, vibrating at his side with barely contained energy as Moore looked over the contract and then had each of the siblings sign. Ethan riffled through the pages to make sure everything was in order, and then pointed to where Thorsen should sign.
And just like that, he was one step closer to saving the inn.
The moment the Teagues left the room, Riley threw her arms around Thorsen’s neck, his heart racing to see her so happy, even if he knew their problems were far from over. With the appropriate papers signed, Thorsen was now the owner of the land adjacent to the inn and the farmhouse that went with it.
“Does this mean it’s over and the inn’s safe?” Riley looked up at him with those big green eyes filled with so much hope.
He hated to be the one to crush her optimism, but he wouldn’t lie to her or give her half-truths. That was one lesson he’d learned too well.
He brushed the hair from her eyes, letting his fingers tangle in her mahogany locks as he cupped her face. “We’re one step closer, but that still leaves the Siren in the hands of Holt. I don’t know that they’ll leave any of your programs intact, love. Not when the board will want to maximize the profit margin on their investment.”
Her smile faded as she let out a weary sigh. “Is there anything we can do? You can have whatever money I have saved.”
“I’m sorry, love, but it won’t be enough. Not even my savings would have been enough to buy the inn prior to the land deal, or I would have done that to start with rather than involving Holt.” However, there was one last option, though it would mean sacrificing everything. And he couldn’t go down that road until he knew there were no other options available to them. “Let’s get back to the inn. I’ll speak with Mark and see if we can come to some sort of agreement.”
Ethan gathered their paperwork and locked it away in his leather briefcase. “I’ll need to file the paperwork on the sale, but I can meet up with you on Mermaid Isle once I’m done. Or I can go to Boston to deal with Holt. Whatever you need.”
“I’ll let you know once I have a better idea where we stand. I’ll also make a few calls. There are a few board members who I can count on to be on my side—good friends of my father’s.” He needed to figure out a way to make sure the inn turned a healthy profit while holding onto what made the inn and the island special—or he’d have to find a way to buy it from Holt outright. And that would not come easy.
They parted ways with Ethan, but truth be told, Thorsen wasn’t in a huge rush to get back to their problems at the inn. Things were going well with Riley and he just wanted a little more time to shore up what they had before risking it all. At the moment, there weren’t any issues that would be any different a few days from now.
Riley leaned against her car and pulled Thorsen close, wrapping her arms around his waist. “I don’t want to go back just yet. It’s all so complicated and I don’t know if I can deal with it when my emotions are still such a mess.”
“I had the same thought.” He gave her a quick kiss, relieved that he could do so once more. “Besides, I’d like to go over everything we know about the inn and your programs and come up with a plan that’ll keep both you and Holt happy—if at all possible.”
She looked up at him, the sun making her green eyes sparkle. “Those guys…they won’t come after us again, will they?”
“No. I spoke with Mark—I don’t think he realized Durham would take things to such an extreme and now that the land is ours, they no longer have any reason to be involved.”
She looked at him, a little confused. “Not ours, Thorsen…yours. You wouldn’t take any of my money.”
“I love you, Riley. I guess I’m still hopeful that we’ll get through this mess.” Though he should keep his mouth shut, he desperately wanted her to know just how much she meant to him. “The way I feel about you…I know there could never be anyone else. I’d marry you today if you’d have me.”
And he meant it. There could be no other for him. And he wanted it all—Riley at his side, a house, children, pets. Hell, he even wanted a white picket fence.
With a glare, she pushed out of his arms. “Why did you have to say that? I’m not even sure we should be together and you’re talking about marriage?”
“Och, love…come here.” He grabbed her hand and swung her back into his embrace, stealing a kiss before she could protest. “I’m not going to apologize about the way I feel, Riley. And I’m a patient man. I know we’re meant to be together and now that we’ll be neighbors, I’m happy to wait until you’re ready.”
“You mean, happy to wear down my defenses.”
“Tomatoes, tom-a-toes. Call it what you will, darling.” He stole another kiss, happy to see she didn’t pull away, even if she was still glaring at him. “Come on. I’m starving and I think a celebration is in order.”
“You can’t possibly be hungry. That diner nearly had to close their doors by the time you got through with them.”
“I wasn’t talking about food, darling.” He pulled her close and nuzzled her, wanting her once more.
“You’re incorrigible.” She slapped his chest, but there was a smile tugging at her lips and there was no anger in her gaze. “And you’re damn lucky I fell in love with you before you became a pain in my ass.”
“Lucky indeed.” He kissed her slow and sweet this time, savoring the moment before finally pulling away. “Come on, then. We have an inn to save and I’d like to have a plan ready before we head back there. Does that work for you?”
One of her eyebrows perked up as she pursed her lips. “It does, though saving the inn doesn’t mean I’m going to marry you, Thorsen.”
“Of course not, darling.” Biting back a laugh, he couldn’t help but tease her. “I’d have to propose first.”
***
Thorsen lounged across the bed, tapping his pen on the pad of paper. They’d found a cute little bed and breakfast to stay in while traveling through the White Mountains of New Hampshire on their way back home to Maine. Because already, that’s how he thought of the island…as home.
“What if we keep the artist programs affordable by bundling the room and breakfast with the classes, and then requiring a minimum stay? Let’s say ten days. That way the price won’t increase from what they’re currently paying if they stay at the inn long enough.”
“That could work. Most of the artists stay longer than that anyway—and maybe we could offer bigger incentives for off-season bookings.” She chewed on her bottom lip, clearly mulling something over. “We could do the same for families who want to stay—offer discounts if they book a minimum of days, with greater discounts during the slower months.”
“Those staying for less than the minimum, especially during the summer months, will have to deal with a price hike. I’m sorry, but it’s the only way to keep the profit margin up.” Unfortunately, Thorsen knew they’d have to make even more changes if they had any hope of getting Holt to agree to this plan of theirs. “We’ll probably have to offer more luxury options too, but those can also be incorporated into packages. I’m sure your romance writers wouldn’t mind being spoiled with massages and days at the spa. Maybe even select a handful of rooms to get more of a high-end look, so those looking for that sort of thing will have it as an option.”
“And those will be at a higher price and profit margin.” Riley chewed her bottom lip for a moment before jotting down some notes on her pad. “I guess we’ll just have to hope that the people looking for that high-end vacation won’t mind that the inn accommodates a variety of guests.”
“It won’t be the entire inn that’ll be catering to that sort of clientele, so it should be easy enough to fill the luxury rooms we’ll have. I can speak with a few marketing professionals I know—maybe market the inn and the island as a place to discover the ‘new you’ sort of thing. Discovery and relaxation. That might even allow us to increase certain types of artistic offerings.”
“That would be perfect, Thorsen. And you think the board members will agree to this?” She looked both so hopeful and worried at once.
“I’m hoping they’ll agree to give me control of the Siren if I promise to turn over a healthy profit, but if not, I have a backup plan that might work. I just hope it won’t come to that.” His mother might not ever forgive him for it, but he’d do what he had to.
“Thorsen…what are you thinking?” She grabbed his hand, looking even more worried now.
He let out a weary sigh. “I’d have to buy the inn—and the only way to do that would be to sell my shares in Holt.”


Chapter Seventeen

“You can’t do that, Thorsen.” Riley was horrified that it had come to this—and touched that he would make such a sacrifice in order to keep the inn safe. “As much as I love the inn, I can’t let you sell your shares. It’s just too much. If there’s no other alternative, then we’ll just have to let Holt do what they want with the Siren and hope for the best.”
“Riley…you can’t mean that.” When he cupped her face, she leaned into his hand, grateful for his touch.
“And you can’t mean to sell off your share of the company your father started and left you. You’ve already done so much to try to make things right between us—and you have.” She leaned in and kissed him, her lips lingering on his with the realization that she truly did mean it. He’d never meant to hurt her or have things go awry.
“It might be our only option, Riley.” He ran a hand across his stubble, the sound of it like sandpaper. “I’d probably get to keep some of the shares, but I’ll need to speak with Ethan to get a better idea as to what amount would need to be sold off in order to buy the inn. He’s got a better sense of the financial details.”
“I want you to know that I truly appreciate everything you’re doing, Thorsen. And…I think…” Taking a deep breath, she slowly let it out, hoping it’d settle her nerves, because she couldn’t quite believe what she was about to say. “I think I want to pick up where we left off—before everything went to hell.”
“Are you sure?” His smile tugged at one corner of his mouth, making her want to kiss him again.
“I’m sure.” She pushed him onto his back and straddled him, the feel of his erection impossible to ignore even through their jeans. Rocking her hips, she slipped up his length, her breath catching when he sat up and wrapped a strong arm around her waist. “But I swear, Thorsen…if you make me regret my decision, I’ll never forgive you.”
“I promise, darling. You have my word.”
And just like that, all the stress and anxiety of the last few days melted away so it felt like she could really breathe again, the knot lodged in her chest finally gone. Pulling him close, she nuzzled him, breathing in his scent as she trailed kisses along his neck until she could resist him no more. She kissed him hard and desperate, able to think of nothing but him.
As his hands slipped down to her hips and grabbed hold of her, he pulled her against his hard length and deepened his kiss, making her want to get him naked and erase any remaining traces of their problems.
And then her cursed phone rang.
“Ignore it, Riley.” He pulled her top off and cupped her breasts through the thin lace of her bra, pinching her nipples into hard nubs that sent a direct jolt south.
“I wish I could, but that’s Logan’s ringtone and he wouldn’t be calling if it wasn’t important.” Her words were a mumble against his lips as his kisses continued and she attempted to dig her phone out of her pocket.
“Logan…” Riley tried to control her breathing and failed miserably since Thorsen had yet to stop playing with her nipples and was now nipping at her neck, sending a wave of goose bumps over her skin.
“I’ll admit, I miss hearing you say my name like that.” Humor laced his voice even as Riley cringed and swatted at Thorsen. “Listen, I wouldn’t normally interrupt, and I honestly don’t know if there’s anything you can do about it, but that woman from Holt is wasting no time. She’s already let some of the staff go, and I’ll probably be next on her hit list for calling you.”
When Riley put a hand on Thorsen’s shoulder, he stopped his attentions as if realizing the seriousness of the situation. “I’ll tell Thorsen. Maybe there’s something he can do. Just stay clear of her if you can.”
She didn’t know what they’d be able to manage. Anna sure as hell wasn’t going to listen to anything she’d have to say. Thorsen might manage something, but he was already putting so much on the line.
Logan was silent for a moment and then let out a barely audible sigh. “Even after everything he put you through…you’re back together with him, aren’t you?”
“Logan...” Given that the men’s last interaction could have been friendlier, this wasn’t exactly a conversation she wanted to be having, especially when Thorsen was right in front of her. She closed her eyes, and pinched the bridge of her nose. “He’s made things right.”
“And you love him.” Another sigh, though he didn’t try to mask this one.
“I do.” She wouldn’t apologize for it. “Let me see if there’s anything that can be done about Anna, and I’ll get back to you.”
They said their farewells and she hung up, wondering if that could have gone better and deciding that it was doubtful. When Thorsen pulled her into his arms and leaned back against the headboard, she was grateful that she had him to comfort her.
“He’s not happy with you, is he?” He kissed the top of her head and held her tightly, though she thought there was an underlying tension there.
“No, he isn’t. And Anna’s not making things any better by firing the staff.” Riley didn’t know who’d been let go, but nearly everyone who worked at the Siren was like family. It wouldn’t be easy to see them leave.
“I’ll make a few phone calls and see what can be done about their jobs. If we manage to get control of the inn or buy it outright, we can try to hire them back.” He ran a hand down her back, reminding her that she was partly naked. “Riley, I hate to ask this, but…the night that I came to see you, and he was there…”
“Nothing happened, if that’s what you’re wondering.” She looked up at him, wanting to make sure he believed her. There was nothing worse than distrust in a relationship and they’d already had a rocky start. “What Logan and I had was in the past. We’re great friends and he was going to spend the night because I was upset and he was consoling me—but it was nothing more. We haven’t slept together in months.”
“Months, eh?” He shook his head and laughed. “That makes me feel better.”
She shrugged, refusing to feel guilty. “The winters are long and cold and cabin fever has a tendency to set in. You need to find ways to keep entertained or risk going nutty, especially once you throw a few power outages in the mix.”
“Then I guess I’ll have to do my best to keep you warm and in my bed.” His eyebrows perked up playfully and he gave her a quick kiss.
“You won’t hear any complaints from me.”
***
Riley tried not to let her nerves get the better of her, but found it impossible when Thorsen was trying to work out some sort of deal to either buy the inn or get Holt to give him full control of it.
He’d started making calls soon after Logan contacted her, and it was now a day later and he’d spent the entire morning on the phone, trying to convince the board members to go along with his plan. Yet he was also getting ready to try to buy the inn if his first plan didn’t work, and that involved another slew of phone calls to Ethan, who was trying to crunch the numbers.
Some calls he’d taken privately, but others he’d taken with her present. And from what she could tell, things could be going worse—but they could also be going better. She tried not to get discouraged, though. With luck, there’d be enough board members backing Thorsen to get the majority vote.
Finally off the phone, Thorsen sat down next to her. “The vote’s close, but Mark holds too big a percentage of the company to pull this off. I’m going to have to talk to him, Riley.”
“And you think he’ll agree to give you his vote?” Riley was doubtful.
“No. He won’t—not to let me run the inn. But that’s not the offer I’ll be making—and the one I will be making, he won’t be able to resist.” He started packing, but she was now even more worried about what Thorsen was putting on the line.
“Tell me you’re not going to sell him your share of Holt. It’s not worth it, Thorsen.” She couldn’t quite believe she was getting ready to sacrifice the inn, but she couldn’t let him give up his father’s legacy and what must be a healthy income.
“I won’t give up all of it.” He stopped packing and sighed. “Just enough to give Mark controlling interest. It’s what he’s wanted from the start, which means that I can leverage those stocks for more than what they’d be worth if I sold them outright—and more importantly, force him to vote in my favor. It would guarantee me the sale of the inn when the board goes to vote on it, since my percentage coupled with Mark’s gives us enough to override the other members. Without Mark’s vote, I could have the money, and the board might still vote against selling the Siren.”
She just wasn’t sure. It was such a big sacrifice. “I don’t know, Thorsen. It’s too big a risk. Even if you buy the Siren, it may not work out and you’ll have sacrificed everything, and…I don’t want you hating me if it all goes to hell.”
He pulled her to him and cupped her cheek, forcing her to look at him. “Och, love, you know that could never happen, and you need to stop worrying. Truth is, I don’t want the Siren or the island to change, and this is the only way I can guarantee that. We’ll make sound business decisions to make sure we won’t fail.”
Leaning her head on his chest, she slipped her arms around his waist. “Do you think Mark will agree to your plan?”
“One way to find out, darling.”
The sun was just starting to set by the time they got to Mermaid Isle and Riley’s cabin. She was a jittery mess of nerves, worry, and exhaustion, but knew she’d not be able to relax until Thorsen’s negotiations were completed. “Will you go and speak to Mark now or wait until morning?”
“Ethan’s already here and ready to go, and I want to get this out of the way so it’s not hanging over our heads. You’ve been on edge all day.” Cupping the back of her neck, he pulled her close and gave her a sweet lingering kiss. “Are you going to go see Logan?”
“Yeah…I think I will.” She needed to see him. Needed to explain everything that had happened. It’s not that she needed his approval, but she didn’t want things to be awkward between them—not when he was one of her best friends. “It’s a quick walk. I should be back by the time you’re done with your cousin.”
“Let me walk you there.” He nuzzled her and nipped at her ear.
“Don’t worry about it—he’s literally five minutes from here and it’s not like the island is a hotbed of criminal activity.” Other than the occasional call of someone having too much to drink or shoplifting at one of the local shops, Riley doubted the cops had a whole lot more to deal with.
“Then let me see you to the main road, at least.” They headed out, hand in hand, leaving Riley to wonder if this was a glimpse of what her future would be with Thorsen at her side.
“Don’t forget that you’re now the new owner of a big ole farmhouse and barn. Maybe we can check it out tomorrow. It’s been awhile since I last saw the place, but it was in decent shape, though it’ll probably need to be updated.”
She couldn’t believe Thorsen would now be living next door to her. After a decade of thinking about him, and after all their recent problems, things were once again good between them. If they could just keep the inn safe, then all would be well.
“Maybe once I have the place fixed up, I don’t suppose…” He brought her hand to his lips as they wandered down the path. “It’s just that it’s going to feel awfully empty if it’s just me rattling around the place.”
“What are you saying, Thorsen?” Excitement bubbled in her chest, even as her head told her it was too soon to be contemplating anything other than taking things slow.
“I want you to move in with me, Riley.” He pulled her into his arms and kissed her, slowing their progress down the path. “Besides, if you don’t, I’ll just end up hanging out at your cabin twenty-four-seven and eating you out of house and home. Please, tell me you’ll at least consider it.”
She wanted to say yes—and she wanted to leave their problems behind. He’d more than made up for his mistakes. “You know that I love you, right?”
“And I love you, which is why I’m hoping you’ll agree to move in with me.” He brushed her cheek, his touch lingering. “I know I could make you happy, Riley.”
Her heart pounded and raced and tripped over itself, even if her thoughts were a muddled mess. So instead of trying to think, she let her heart decide. “I think I’d like that.”
***
Riley told Logan everything. And then she waited, knowing that he’d focus on the last bit about her moving in with Thorsen.
“Riley…” He paced the floor some more, his muscular form tense. “Don’t you think this is all happening rather fast? And though I appreciate everything he’s done, he still lied to you—and we wouldn’t be dealing with any of this if he hadn’t gotten Holt to buy the Siren in the first place.”
“That’s not fair, now is it? You know Jack and Ava would have to sell the inn before long, and at least this way we have someone who cares about it.” She grabbed his hand and pulled him onto the sofa to sit beside her. “You and Lucy are my best friends, and I need you guys to be happy for me. Logan, I love him.”
He gave her hand a squeeze. “I guess it’s hard for me to see you with him, Ry. I think I’ve always held out hope that we’d eventually get back together. But I suppose I never stood a chance—not when he’d won your heart years before we even met.”
It was true, and for that she was sorry. “I don’t think I realized it at the time. And I’m so sorry for that. I wish it could have been different between us.”
“I’m sorry too.” He pulled her into his arms and kissed the top of her head. “Let me know if there’s anything I can do to help, and you know I’m here if you need me, yeah? But…I think I might need some time alone, if that’s okay.”
It killed her that he was upset because of her, but she didn’t want to make things worse, so she got up to go. He walked her to the door and she stepped out into the cool night air before turning to give Logan a hug, more for her than for him. “It changes nothing between us, Logan.”
He tipped her chin up and brushed her lips in a whisper of a kiss, and she knew it would likely be their last. “I wish that were true, cupcake.”


Chapter Eighteen

“This is the only chance you’ll ever get to gain controlling interest in Holt. Once this deal is off the table, I won’t think about selling again.” And that was the truth. The only reason Thorsen was even considering this deal was because of the inn.
“It’s ten percent, Eirik.” Mark shook his head and pushed away the contract Ethan had drafted. “Hardly a massive amount—and look at all the good your shares have done you. You can’t even get the board to hand you over a measly inn.”
Thorsen shrugged, trying not to look concerned. “It’s enough to give you controlling interest of Holt—and don’t act as if it’s not what you’ve wanted all along.”
“I’ve worked my ass off for Holt. For you to just waltz in and have control of it when you haven’t lifted a finger is grossly unfair.” Mark’s eyes narrowed and his jaw clenched, making it clear how bad things had gotten between them, their years of dislike deepening into something far worse. “I want more than controlling interest—I want you gone.”
“I’m not selling the rest of my shares. Not when my father helped start this company and made it what it is.” He couldn’t even imagine what his mother would think, though he knew her well enough to know she would support whatever decision he made.
“I want fifteen percent total interest and I don’t want you to have any role in the running of Holt. You’ll still get your share of profits each quarter, but you’ll be nothing more than a shareholder—not unlike your role before you quit Interpol.” Mark glared at Thorsen, as if daring him to accept the deal.
Ethan, who’d been silent through most of this, put a hand on Thorsen’s arm, knowing that they’d already discussed what he’d be willing to give up. “Eirik will give you twelve percent of the company from his shares, and will agree to be nothing more than a shareholder—but only if he’s given the inn outright so that he becomes the sole owner and Holt has nothing more to do with the inn.”
“That’s ridiculous, especially since I don’t own the inn—just a share of it.” Mark shook his head and pushed his seat away from the table.
Thorsen knew it was a good deal. He just had to get Mark to agree to it. “My shares combined with yours give us enough power to approve the sale. From there, all you need to do is come up with enough money to buy out the rest of the board’s holdings in the inn. It’s a good deal, cousin, since you’d be getting my shares for a lot less than if you’d purchased them outright.”
Ethan sat forward, his poker face on, though Thorsen could see the sparkle in his eyes. “The deal can’t get voted down, since the two of you easily carry the majority vote, and you know that Eirik will make your life miserable if you don’t agree to it. You think he’s a pain in the ass now? Just you wait. This way? Other than having Holt’s accountants cut him a quarterly check, you won’t have to give him a second thought.”
Mark just sat there fuming, his jaw clenched tightly enough that he’d probably need dental work by the end of it. And yet, he hadn’t walked away. Not yet anyway.
“Thirteen percent. If you agree to thirteen, then the inn’s yours and you can write up the deal.”
“Agreed.”
Once back at Riley’s cottage, Thorsen told her everything and then caught her as she leapt into his arms. “I can’t believe it. You mean the Siren is really yours?”
“That it is, darling. And I’ll still get a steady income coming in from Holt.” It sure as hell could have gone a lot worse.
“But you’re giving up a lot, Thorsen.” Her brow furrowed with worry. “Are you sure you want to do that?”
“I now know that I don’t have any real interest in being actively involved with Holt and their dealings. There are other things I’d much rather be doing.” He cupped her cheek and gave her a kiss, the feel of her in his arms all he ever really needed. “I don’t suppose you’d be interested in helping me run the inn so that I don’t muck things up?”
Her smile kicked up another notch as she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him close. “There’s nothing I’d like more.”
***
Thorsen stood by Riley’s side as she got ready to address the employees of the inn. With the Siren Song Inn now legally in his name, and Mark and Anna gone, he’d finally made things right for her, and he couldn’t be any more relieved.
“I won’t keep you long, but wanted to give everyone an update on what’s been happening here at the Siren. I know there have been a lot of changes around here as of late, but I’m absolutely ecstatic to announce that the Siren Song Inn officially has a new owner, Mr. Thorsen Black.” Riley gestured to him with a beaming smile, her eyes sparkling in the sun. By the gods, she looked happy.
Thorsen gave the group a quick wave and let Riley continue with her announcement. “There will be some changes made, but I’m hoping those will all be for the better. As for those who received their two weeks’ notice from Holt, I’m happy to say that your jobs are safe. There will be more details to come as we iron things out, but for now, I think that’s it.”
The Siren employees clapped and cheered, chatting as they slowly dispersed. Riley turned to him and slipped her arms around his waist, going up onto the tips of her toes to kiss him. “I can’t thank you enough, Thorsen.”
He brushed the hair from her eyes and stole another kiss, when Logan approached. Thorsen let go of Riley, to give them some time alone, knowing that things had been a bit strained between them. “I’m going to head to the cottage. Leave you two to talk.”
“Actually, I was hoping you’d have a minute.” Logan looked at Thorsen, though his eyes darted to Riley for just a moment. “I just wanted to thank you. I’m sure you put a lot on the line personally to make this happen and I appreciate it. And you’ve made Riley happy. That goes a long way in my book.”
“I appreciate you saying so.” Thorsen didn’t want things to be uncomfortable between them, especially when Logan and Riley were still such good friends. “Are we good then?”
Logan put out his hand and Thorsen shook it. “Yeah. We’re good. Just take good care of her for me.”
Thorsen reached out and took Riley’s hand in his. “You have my word.”
With an arm around Riley’s shoulder, Thorsen led them towards the path when they passed the group of romance writers, all of them wearing mischievous smiles. He couldn’t help but smile back. “Ladies.”
“Look at the two of you.” Pat clasped her hands. “That’s what we like to see.”
Riley snuggled against Thorsen with a smile. “And what would that be?”
“Oh, honey…” Pat gave them an utterly blissful smile. “A happy ending, of course. The guy’s gotten the girl, they’re madly in love, and all is well. Doesn’t get any better than this, now does it?”
Riley looked up at him with a sparkle in her eyes that made his heart catch. “No…I don’t think it could be any more perfect.”
***
Thorsen stoked the fire as the blizzard raged outside, whipping the snow against the windows of his farmhouse. They were expecting several feet of snow, which would all but guarantee them a white Christmas—his first in his new home, but more importantly, his first with Riley.
Structurally, the home had been in good shape, though nearly everything had needed updating. Luckily, they were able to get most of the renovations done before Riley moved in, making use of the contractors who were updating the inn a section at a time. With luck, the Siren would be fully functioning and ready for guests in time for the May Day celebrations, which would kick off the summer season.
The lights flickered but stayed on as Riley walked into the living room with a few more candles and set them on the rough-hewn fireplace mantel. “I’ll be amazed if we don’t lose power.”
He finished with the fire and sat back on the thick shaggy rug, his back propped against the sofa, as his heart and mind raced. “Don’t worry, darling. I promise I’ll keep you warm.”
“You know you don’t need any excuses to get me naked, Thorsen.” She sat down by his side and nestled against him, the fire casting her in golden shadows. He couldn’t think of a time when she was more beautiful.
“I know we’ve had our difficulties, but I love you, darling. More than life itself.” He let out a ragged sigh and then took a deep breath to try to slow his pounding heart as it thudded against his chest. “And it’s why I’m hoping you’ll forgive me for being such an impatient pain in the arse.”
She shifted so she could look at him, confusion tainting her eyes—when she saw the ring he was holding. She gasped and covered her mouth with her hands. “Thorsen…”
“My life is nothing without you in it, Riley, and I don’t want to ever be without you again. Please, darling…will you marry me?”
“There’s never been anyone but you. Yes, I’ll marry you.” Her hands shook as he slid the ring onto her finger, his heart overjoyed when she threw her arms around his neck and kissed him, his world complete.
“And I know the perfect place to have the wedding—a cute little inn on the coast of a quaint Maine island.” He smiled and kissed her again, wondering if he’d ever get his fill.
“I couldn’t ask for anything more.”
The End
Lucy’s story, For Love or Treasure, the second book in the Mermaid Isle Series, is now available for purchase.  Please read ahead for a sample.  For updates or to sign up for Cali’s newsletter, please check out http://calimackay.com.  
For Love or Treasure
A Mermaid Isle Romance
By Cali MacKay

Chapter One

Lucy Nordson seldom worked with the original leather-bound diary she’d inherited, knowing the ancient gold gilt pages were too fragile to handle, and fully aware that the secrets held there might someday uncover the find of a lifetime. Chances were slim that she’d ever discover the long-lost pirate treasure of Mermaid Isle, and yet she had to believe she’d one day piece together enough of the clues to find the stash her pirate ancestor had buried hundreds of years earlier.
Hundreds of years…and yet the Delphine’s treasure still remained elusive. A few pieces would occasionally turn up—the odd coin usually—but nothing more substantial. Just enough to keep the legend going.
Setting aside her notebook and working copy of her ancestor’s diary, she slid away from her desk behind the old and battered wood counter of her shop and went to get herself a cup of coffee. Her giant pup spared her a glance, but was too lazy to bother following her without the guarantee of food. Come summer, Mermaid Isle would be hopping with tourists, but it was only April and this was Maine. The weather was still too cold and unpredictable to get too many visitors, and so it was just her and Watson for now.
The Book Nook Café stayed open year round—for the most part. It gave the locals a place to hang out, pick up a new read, and get their caffeine buzz going, though Lucy knew better than to expect many customers past her morning regulars. And truth be told, that was fine by her. The summer months were crazy and she liked her down time, since it afforded her the opportunity to take care of her other interests—like the Delphine’s treasure.
Lucy shuffled off in her shearling boots, mentally contemplating which coffee concoction she’d have. That was the other good thing about the slower winter months—she got to experiment with the selection of coffee and baked goods she offered in the café portion of her book store.
After mentally going through the recipes she’d been working on for her new coffee flavorings, she decided on a macchiato laced with a mixture of sea salt caramel and then a second syrup of burnt sugar and Irish whiskey that she still wasn’t sure would make it into her lineup.
The smell of fresh coffee filled the air as her espresso machine hissed and spit, making it sound like it was possessed by some demon. She topped her coffee with a generous amount of hot frothy milk, and then drizzled the luscious brew with the syrups she’d chosen.
Mug in hand, she wandered back to her notes, circumventing the hundred and thirty pounds of black lab and Dane mix, and got back to work on her treasure hunt. If nothing else, it gave her something else to do during the slow winter months.
She’d managed to track down mention of the Delphine’s treasure prior to her ancestor getting his hands on it, but it had been an elusive prize even back then. Her ancestor, Bjorn Eirikson, had been a notorious pirate in his time, but his fierce rival Ronan Campbell also had his eye on the treasure. That had been sometime in the seventeen hundreds, from what she could tell.
She took a long sip of her coffee and checked the time. In another half an hour, her best friend, Riley, would be stopping by with an armful of wedding magazines to discuss her upcoming nuptials to Thorsen. Lucy couldn’t be happier for her, though it did leave her wondering if she’d ever find that special someone. She hadn’t had the best of luck with men, usually falling for guys who seemed sweet at first, and then turned out to be jerks. It’s not that she was in any rush, but she was sliding towards thirty and it’d be nice to have someone in her life who didn’t drool and shed.
“Not that I’d be replacing you.” She reached down and gave his big cow head a scratch, the dog far too used to her ramblings by now. Well, who else was she going to talk to?
The bell on her door rang out with a delicate tinkle, pulling her from her thoughts and announcing the arrival of a customer. She tucked her notebook and journal aside before looking up, half thinking Riley had shown up early.
But that sure as hell wasn’t Riley, and she nearly pinched herself to make sure that she hadn’t just conjured up the man—the pirate—gracing her doorway. It was as if he’d jumped off the pages of her journal.
He had thick, dark hair just long enough to make her think he’d once worn it long, broad muscular shoulders, eyes the color of sapphires, scruffy stubble on a strong jawline, and a couple of small silver hoops through each ear. Add to that a broken-in leather jacket the color of bittersweet chocolate, worn jeans, and some rugged biker boots, and the image of a modern-day pirate was complete.
Oh...my...
She got to her feet and found they were a bit wobblier than she’d last remembered them, making her debate whether or not she should attempt to walk out from behind the counter. He was definitely not a local and he sure as hell hadn’t been on the island long. Because Lucy knew all the locals, and if he’d been in town more than twenty-four hours, he’d have had the gossip mill buzzing. A man like the one standing before her did not go unnoticed.
And then he smiled at her. Not just any smile, but the kind that unleashed a gaggle of butterflies in her stomach and forced her to grab at the counter to keep from melting into a puddle of want and need.
Because, damn…there was no way any hot-blooded woman could not want him.
How she managed to find her voice, she hadn’t a clue. And it even sounded somewhat normal, albeit breathy. “Welcome to the Book Nook. Let me know if I can help in any way.”
In. Any. Way.
And then his smile kicked up another notch and his eyes locked on hers, sparkling like the summer sun hitting the ocean waves. “I appreciate the offer, lass.”
Lass? Who said lass anymore? And oh…was that an accent of some sort? Damn if the man wasn’t going to have her swooning like some damsel. And she was so not the damsel type—normally. But hey, if he was the one catching her, then she was happy to swoon away.
“I don’t suppose you’d have any books on the history of the island?” The accent wasn’t anything full-blown, just enough to have you wondering if you’d actually heard it. Almost as if he’d grown up on this side of the pond, but his parents were originally from some distant land.
“Sure.” She took a tentative step to make sure her legs would support her and then wandered over to his side of the counter, ignoring the oh please look her mutt was giving her. “Are you looking for more current books that have been written on the island or older, out-of-print books?”
“I suppose a bit of both.” He followed behind her as she moved through the bookstore, his long legs allowing him to easily keep up with her, making him appear to casually amble as if he hadn’t a care in the world.
The building had once been an old mercantile and many of the details, like the old pine plank flooring with its hand-forged nails, the rough-hewn wood beams and best of all, the large stone fireplace, remained intact. It was also large enough to comfortably house her bookstore and the café.
“Over here is the section with the more recently published books on the island. You’ll see that they’re then organized further by subject. The older, out-of-print books are on the shelves in the café area but they’re mixed in with newer second-hand stock.” She walked around the corner, circumventing the plush armchairs and sofas to find the bookcase she wanted. “Here’s the section you’re looking for, though the selection is somewhat limited.”
“I appreciate the help.” He turned to face her, and suddenly it seemed like the distance between them had evaporated and he was standing awfully close. Close enough for her to see that his blue eyes held flecks of gold in them. His smile kicked up on one side, making her think he knew exactly the sort of effect he was having on her. And then he ran a gentle thumb over the corner of her lips as his fingers nearly cupped her cheek. “You have a little something here.”
Her tongue darted out to lick where his touch had just been, and his smile went sultry. “Caramel. And sea salt. Whiskey too.” She was rambling. His touch had fried her brain.
And then he brought his thumb to his lips and half bit, half licked off what he’d wiped from her lips. “So it is. Pretty damn tasty.”
By the gods, she nearly had a coronary then and there. Her heart was racing and her thundering pulse was deafening in her head, though it was nothing compared to the echo she felt in the girly bits between her legs.
Heat had her cheeks roasting, and she knew that her cursedly pale skin must be redder than a baboon’s ass in winter. She took a step back and tried to focus on something other than how long it had been since she’d last had a man’s hands on her. “I’ll…um…be at my desk. Holler if you need anything.”
“Anything…?” His gaze danced over her face and then her body, before settling back on her eyes. And the way he said that word, with all its implied meaning and innuendo…Crap. He could be reciting the frigging dictionary and it would have her getting hot and bothered. “I don’t think I caught your name. I’m Niall.”
He put out his hand and she took it, trying to ignore the zing of electricity that seemed to come from his mere touch. And his hands…bloody hell, his hands were big and just a little rough, and they looked capable—capable of oh so much.
“Lucy.” Sole proprietor of the Book Nook Café and having very, very indecent thoughts about her new customer. “Will you be staying on Mermaid Isle for any length of time or are you just passing through? I could”—drag you off to my bed—“try to locate any books you need if we don’t have them in stock.”
“I really like what I’ve seen of the island so far, so I might stay for a wee bit.” The way he said it and the way he looked at her with that intense, sultry gaze made her think that he might not be talking about the island alone. “Might look into renting a place for a month. Maybe two. I noticed there’s a carriage house in the rear of the shop. Don’t suppose that’d be available? I like how central it is to town.”
“Sorry. That’s actually my place. Makes it an easy commute in the winter, especially when I have to get up early to bake. But I could ask around. There are plenty of homes that are used only as summer residences.” Lucy tried not to think of the trouble she could get into if this man was wandering about the island for the next few months. And just like that, she felt another flush of heat bloom across her cheeks.
“I’d appreciate the help. I don’t know anyone on the island—except for you, now.”
The door chimed once more, and she decided she best make her escape before she tackled the poor man onto the sofa, or blushed any worse than she already had. “Gotta get that.”
“I know where to find you if I need help with anything.” He stuck his hands in the pockets of his worn, and yet oh so perfectly fitting jeans, and gave her a parting smile that nearly had her walking into a bookcase.
She made a quick recovery, hoping he didn’t notice and yet sure he had, before turning the corner to find Riley in the front of the store. Knowing her hunky pirate couldn’t see her from where she’d left him, she grabbed Riley’s arm, nearly dislodging the stack of magazines Riley was holding against her chest, and dragged her friend to the back room of the store.
“Okay…what was that about, crazy woman?” Riley laughed and put the magazines on a nearby table, before bending down to pet Watson. Since Riley was one of his favorite humans, he’d actually gotten up off the floor and was now wagging his tail hard enough to take out small buildings in its path.
“Words fail me.” Lucy nearly picked up a magazine to start fanning herself. “Looks like we might have a new visitor to the island and he is…oh so very nice.”
“Ah! Nice, huh?” Riley let out a laugh and poked her head out past the doorway. “Is he still here? I might just have to check out this nice guy for myself.”
“He’s in the café.” And then it occurred to her that Riley might be able to cut Niall a deal on one of her cottages up at the Siren Song Inn. “Actually, he’s looking for a place to stay for a month or two. Given that it’s the off-season, I don’t suppose you have any deals going?”
“Sure. Most of the rooms and cottages stay empty this time of year anyway, so I’d be happy to.” Riley then bumped her shoulder with hers and gave her a teasing smile. “Not to mention, it might do you some good to have a handsome distraction around before things get crazy for the summer.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, cupcake, but it’s clear your mind’s in the gutter on account of all that sex you’ve been having with that big ole Viking of yours.” Not that Riley was fooling anyone. They’d been the best of friends for close to a decade, and they knew each other like they were twins. “That said, I may as well introduce you while he’s still here.”
“To have you, of all people, reacting like this?” Riley’s eyebrows perked up with amusement. “I cannot wait to meet him.”
“Come on then.” Lucy just shook her head with a smile and led the way. They found him in the far corner of the café, squatting in front of one of the bookshelves, his back to them.
Niall must have heard them coming, because he turned in their direction and stood, a smile dancing on his lips. Riley threw her a sideways glance, her eyes discreetly wide with excitement—and that could only mean Riley would be grilling her later.
“Niall, this is my friend, Riley. She might be able to help you with those room accommodations.” Lucy took a step back, so they could conduct their business. “I’ll leave you guys to it.”
Grabbing the stack of bridal magazines, Lucy got settled in at her desk and polished off the rest of her coffee before it went completely cold. Each of the magazines bristled with colored sticky notes, no doubt color-coded. She flipped through the pages, making note of the gowns Riley seemed to like. Nothing over the top, especially since she’d be getting married outdoors by the ocean cliffs near the inn. Mostly elegant A-lines or flowing sheaths with just enough detail to make them special. Riley would be gorgeous—not that she needed a wedding gown for that.
Best of all, the bridesmaid dresses were no less elegant. She might not have many opportunities to wear the dress again, but at least she’d look great on the big day.
She could hear them coming, Niall’s voice deep and rich, whereas Riley’s was light and carrying a tone of humor. Lucy could tell that her friend hadn’t been fully immune to the man’s charms. Not that she could blame her. The man oozed the sort of charm and charisma that people were drawn to despite themselves.
Riley tapped the counter. “I’m going to run. If you have a chance to go through those magazines, just mark the sticky notes of the dresses you like.” She then turned back to Niall. “I’ll let the front desk at the Siren know the details of our arrangement. It’s been a pleasure.”
With Riley gone, the butterflies took up residence in her stomach again. “Looks like you found a few books.”
“Also found a place to stay, and for that I need to thank you.” Niall put his books on the counter and then leaned against it, closing the distance between them, when Watson finally decided to get up and check out the competition. “Now there’s a big fella. What’s his name?” Niall let Watson have a sniff before giving him a good scratch behind the ears.
“It’s Watson—the loyal companion. Great dog, though he’d probably roll over to have his belly rubbed at the first sight of a burglar.” Unless she was in danger. Then he’d tear them limb from limb. Watson had been a rescue, and Lucy truly believed he appreciated getting a second chance.
Niall continued to lavish attention on the hairy beast until the dog plopped himself down at the man’s feet, and Niall turned back to her with those bright blue eyes. “Don’t suppose I can take you out to dinner? I owe you big time for helping me get my new digs.”
And pass up going out with her modern-day pirate? Not a chance. “A girl’s gotta eat. Should we say seven?”
He tugged on one of her red curls and watched it spring back. “Sounds perfect.”


Chapter Two

Niall pulled his bags out of his old Rover and quickly unpacked, before taking a good look at his new—albeit temporary—home. It was a hell of a lot nicer than most of the places he usually stayed in, and there’d be no chance he could have afforded the place if it wasn’t off-season. Maybe for a week or two, but certainly not for a couple of months.
There was still a bitter chill in the April air, but Niall now had a nice stone fireplace at his disposal and he had every intention of putting it to good use. He built himself a small enough fire that it’d be out in time for him to go to dinner with Lucy, and then grabbed himself a beer and his pack. Settling in on the long sofa in front of the fire, he pulled out his materials and got to work, doing his best to tamp down his excitement.
He’d been looking for the Delphine his entire life, just like his father and grandfather before him. And though he knew he’d never been closer to it than he was now, he also knew how elusive hidden treasures could be. His ancestor, Ronan Campbell, was said to have been a clever man and he no doubt used it to his advantage when it came time to stash his treasure and keep it safe.
He was betting that Ronan and his feisty lass, Molly, had ended up right here on Mermaid Isle. He damn well hoped so, at any rate. With them had been Bjorn Eirikson, another notorious pirate and Ronan’s fierce rival, not only for the spoils and open seas, but for Molly as well.
And yet they’d set aside their animosity for the Delphine’s treasure and for Molly, whom they both were in love with.
He knew that wherever there was an island, there were also rumors of pirate treasure, but the latest clues he’d uncovered pointed to Mermaid Isle—and one Lucy Nordson, descendant of Bjorn and already living on the island in question.
It had taken him awhile to decipher Ronan’s logbook, the leather-bound pages filled with cryptic messages. Add to it the additional headache of it being written in eighteenth-century Gaelic, and it was no wonder that the treasure remained hidden. But there was more. The location was marked on an encrypted map, but that was only one piece to the puzzle. The other piece was a pendant Ronan had specially made. A pendant with a mermaid engraved on the back of it. It could be just a decorative touch, or it could be pointing to Mermaid Isle.
When the two pirates parted ways, Ronan had the pendant and the girl, and Bjorn had the map. Now all he needed to do was figure out if Lucy had the map in her possession.
Because the pendant? That was already dangling from around his neck.
***
*End of Sample.  For Love Or Treasure by Cali MacKay is now available for purchase.  Read ahead for a sample of Cali MacKay’s FREE book, The Highlander’s Hope, and for a sample of N.Y. Times bestselling author, J.S. Scott’s FREE book, Mine for Tonight.*
The Highlander’s Hope
By Cali MacKay
Now available for FREE!

Chapter One

Dust danced upon the shards of light that pierced the ancient hall of the library archives. As if calling out to her, the words on the page taunted and teased, daring Catriona to find the secret they had long held safe.  One would think it a simple letter between lovers torn apart at a time of war.  However, Cat saw the clues woven through the endearments.  She was one step closer to solving a centuries-old mystery and finding a priceless treasure.  
The pounding of her heart competed with the flutters in her stomach.  It could be a historic find of epic proportions, and yet it was so much more than that to her, having been raised on her grandmother’s stories of highland heroes and ancient lands.  
The Highlander’s Hope.  A necklace crusted with emeralds, diamonds and sapphires, it had once been destined to fund the Scottish rising against the English.  But that was before the battle of Culloden shattered Scotland’s dreams of retaking the English throne, and the necklace was lost.
Cat was now one step closer.  All she had to do was piece the puzzle together and find the Hope.
***
 “Crap!”  Cat maneuvered her car to the edge of the narrow road, with the growing suspicion that the flopping sound killing the rhythm of her music meant she had a flat tire.  
Being late for her appointment with Callum MacCraigh could ruin everything, and she was still hours away from the highland town of Dunmuir.  Everything hinged on getting access to the MacCraigh estate and family records, and without the clan’s cooperation, she’d never find the jewels.  
Having left at the crack of dawn, she’d already been on the road most of the day, the drive from Cambridge to the north of Scotland long enough for her butt to have gone numb hours ago.  
Muttering curses under her breath, she pulled her hoodie up over her head and stepped out into the pouring rain.  Luckily she had a spare, even if she’d never had the occasion to change one.  Couldn’t be that difficult to get the blasted thing on.
She hauled the tiny spare out from the back of her car, relieved to see that, at the very least, it was inflated, and then grabbed the metal doohickey for undoing the nuts.  With the opening fitted over one of the bolts holding her flat hostage, she grabbed the metal arm and yanked with all her might.  A muscle in her back twitched in protest as she strained in effort, but to no avail.  Was it rusted or had years of gunk and grime cemented it in place?  
“Righty-tighty, lefty- loosey.”  
She tried again, with a grunt of frustration, water dripping off her nose with an evil tickle, as the bolt finally gave way.  Relieved, she loosened it and stuck it in her pocket.  One down, three to go.  The next two came off with relative ease, if she ignored the scraped knuckles and broken nail.  The last one, however, refused to budge.
Bent over and once more straining against the iron, she didn’t notice the car whizzing around the corner, coming right at her, until it was nearly on top of her.  She jumped out of the way, landing in a puddle of mud as the silver Jag screeched to a halt.
Cursing, she tried to slow her tripping heart and pulled herself to her feet, wiping her face in a futile attempt to rid herself of the nasty puddle water, even though she did little more than smear the mud.  
Now out of his car, the other driver was stalking towards her.  “Are ye hurt?”
She took a quick account of all her body parts.  “No, I’m fine, other than being covered in muck and mud.”
Any concern he’d shown blazed up in his fury.  “What the bloody hell were ye doing in the middle of the road?  Have ye lost yer mind, woman?”
“Me?  Are you kidding?  There is no way this is my fault, and I was not in the middle of the road.”  With her own temper rearing up to match his, she barely took in the handsome face and blue eyes.  “You could have killed me, coming around the corner that fast.”
“And ye’d not have been in danger if ye’d been sensible and parked farther down the road, rather than in the blind spot by the wall.”  
Dark tousled hair.  Touch of stubble on a strong jaw.  Tall.  Well-muscled.  Sexy.  Why did he look vaguely familiar?
“Well, I’ll be sure to keep that in mind when choosing when and where my car will next break down.”  She squinted to keep a nasty drip from invading her eye.  There surely had to be sheep dung in that mud.  She’d never get clean, and her mind was already running down the dozens of bacteria and diseases that would likely overwhelm her body’s defenses.
As if suddenly remembering his manners, he tilted his head towards her flat.  “Ye need a hand then?”
Like she’d accept his help after he’d tried to blame her for the entire incident.  With arms crossed in front of her chest and her head cocked to the side, she said, “I’ll manage just fine, thank you for asking.  And do try to not kill anyone on your way to wherever it is you’re going.”
“Hmph.”  Without another word, he stalked back to his car and took off like the furies of hell were on his tail, his tires spinning and spitting gravel onto the wet road.
By the time she got to Dunmuir and walked into the inn, she was colder than a polar bear’s butt after sitting on a glacier, and filthier than a three year old making mud pies.  Nearly dying had left her more than a little on edge; however, all that mattered was that she hadn’t missed her appointment with Callum MacCraigh.  She even had enough time to get ready and collect her thoughts.  
“Here, sit by the fire and get yerself warmed up.”  Mrs. Gordon, a motherly type in her sixties, tried to steer her towards the chair, but Cat shook her head no.
“I’m filthy and don’t want to get your sofa dirty.  I’ll be fine once I get cleaned up.”  The thought of soaking in a hot tub sent goose bumps crawling across her skin.  She quickly signed the papers that were put in front of her, not wanting to delay that bath any more than she had to.
“Aye, of course.  The room has an en suite, but be sure to let me know if ye need anything else.  If ye set aside yer laundry, I’ll be happy to have it done for you.”  She handed Cat the key to her room.  “It’ll be the second floor on the left.  Follow it to the end.”
“Thank you.”
So far from any major city, the inn was larger than she’d imagined, and had been recently renovated with a modern feel that still gave a nod to its history and past.  It was a pretty seaside town that saw its share of tourists in the summer, though most only came for daily excursions to see the standing stones not far from town.  
She let herself into the room, abandoned her things by the bed, and headed straight for the bath.  Her knees practically went weak at the sight of the tub.  It was deep and jetted, and the water was plenty hot.  Fighting with her wet clothes as the tub filled, she finally managed to pry them off, leaving them abandoned in a filthy heap on the tile floor.  Not bothering to grab a book, she slipped into the hot water, her skin burning from the extremes in temperature, her body yet to thaw.  
By the time she’d scrubbed herself clean and let the heat of the water soak through to her bones, she felt like herself again.  Excitement bubbled within her, knowing she could soon have access to records few had seen before.  She just needed to find more concrete information on where the jewels were hidden.  Tansy, her research assistant, would be beside herself if she actually managed to find them.   Cat knew better than to trust her colleagues with such a find, but Tansy was the one exception. 
With her makeup and hair done, Cat slipped on her dark boot-legged jeans and cashmere sweater, the robin’s egg blue of her top playing against her dark mahogany locks.  Casual, but put together.  
With the address plugged into the GPS in her car, it wasn’t long before she found herself at her destination and pulling down a long gravel drive.  The home could have graced any postcard or travel brochure, quintessentially Scottish with its stone walls and embattlements, harkening to a time long gone.  
She climbed the granite steps of the manor to its front door, letting the heavy knocker drop against the brass plate.  Her stomach fluttered with nerves as she waited, but it didn’t take long for someone to answer.  An older gentleman stood before her, his blue eyes keen and a giant scruffy dog at his side.  
“You must be Ms.—pardon me, Dr. Ross.  Callum MacCraigh, and this here is Duncan.”  He tilted his head towards the grey beast.  “Come in, come in.”
“Thank you.  And please, call me Catriona—or Cat.”  She shook his hand with a smile, and followed behind him.  
Excitement sparked as she took in the home, her thoughts running amock as she imagined hidden clues and secret treasures.  Tapestries hung on the walls, as did paintings hundreds of years old.  The place felt grand and well-loved, no signs of neglect despite the age.  
“I can’t thank you enough for agreeing to speak with me.”  
“The pleasure’s all mine, my dear.  We seldom get visitors, and certainly no one who’d be interested in hearing any of the stories I have to tell.”  Callum shrugged, not looking too worried that he didn’t normally have an audience.  
Callum led her into the great room, the ceilings high and the wooden beams exposed to add a rustic charm.  However, her focus immediately went to the stone fireplace which traveled the height of the entire wall, a roaring fire nestled within.  He showed her to a seat close enough to feel the heat of the flames and ward off the damp.
“It gets cold this time of year, and it can be hard to keep this big drafty place warm.  I hope you won’t get chilled.”
“This is perfect.  Thank you.”  When the dog nudged her leg, she gave his head a long scratch.  The dog’s ears then perked up and he dashed across the room, taking the corner so fast his legs skidded out from under him on the hardwood floors.
“That’ll be my son, Iain.  I told him you were coming, since he’s studied our family’s history and could be of use to yer research.  He’s actually the one you should be talking to and will be happy to help ye in any way he can.”  Callum got to his feet.  “Iain, come here, lad.”
She stood and turned to face him, when her smile faded and a furious heat rushed to her face.  “You’ve got to be kidding me.”
He squinted as he took her in, and then let out a scoff.  “Ah!  You clean up well, I’ll give you that.  Barely recognized ye.”
“Ye’ve met?”  His father looked at the two of them in question, confusion and humor lining his face.
“Aye, Da.  But only for a moment and at the time I didn’t realize I had the pleasure of speaking to the esteemed Dr. Ross.”  A smug smile tugged at his lips, his blue eyes alight with amusement.  He reached out and took her hand.  “It’s a pleasure to put a name to the face, since we weren’t properly introduced earlier.”
“The pleasure’s mine.”   Cat tried to erase the sarcasm from her voice, but wasn’t sure she was entirely successful.  She couldn’t risk jeopardizing everything over a stupid incident.
And then it occurred to her why the bastard looked vaguely familiar.  She’d been looking at the MacCraigh clan, but not once had she thought to associate them with the Iain MacCraigh—Scotland’s most eligible bachelor, businessman and playboy extraordinaire.  That would teach her to ignore the tabloids.  Her mind never put the two together.  
“I’ll fetch us a cup of tea.”  Iain didn’t bother waiting for anyone’s response, but spun around and headed back out the way he came.
Callum sat back down, and she followed suit.  “He’d be my oldest.  There’s another son, Malcolm, but he lives in Edinburgh.  Comes to visit often enough.  And then there’s Moira.  She’s away in Paris, though I keep hoping she’ll someday return.  Can’t really blame her.  There’s not much for the young folk around here, and I’m sure if it weren’t for me and this place, Iain would’ve also left long ago.”
“Is it just the two of you then?”  She suspected it might be the case.  No one else had poked their head in, and the house had a bit of an empty feel to it.
“Aye, it is.  My wife passed a few years back.  It’s an awfully big house for just the two of us, but I’m hoping Iain will eventually settle down.  It’d be nice to see new life brought into this old place.”  He gave her a kind smile.  “Enough about me.  You came here for a reason, and I doubt it was to hear me rambling ‘bout nothing at all.  What is it I can help you with?”
Cat couldn’t tell him the real reason for her research—not yet anyway—though she could skirt the truth.  Telling anyone of her plans now would only make it more difficult to keep treasure hunters and other researchers at bay.  It was a lesson she’d learned the hard way, and was still furious that her ex had taken all the credit for a past research project when she had done most of the work.  She wouldn’t make the same mistake twice, especially not with a find as important as the Highlander’s Hope.  
 “My research has led me to believe that your clan may have played more of a role during the Jacobite uprising than most know.  I’d like to find definitive proof, but would need access to your clan’s documents and estate.”  
The old man’s eye’s brightened with enthusiasm.  “Now that’s exciting news, lass.  Whatever it is ye need, ye can have full access to it.  And like I said, Iain will be happy to help ye any way he can.”
Cat somehow doubted that.
As if the mere mention of his name was enough to summon the devil, Iain walked in with a tray of tea and set it down on the table between them, sitting by his father’s side with Duncan at their feet.  
Callum turned to his son to give him the good news.  “Dr. Ross thinks she’s found evidence of our clan playing a more important role during Culloden than originally believed.”
He looked at her with no love or enthusiasm.  “Is that so?”
“It is.”  She tried not to be curt with him, but the man seemed to bring out the worse in her.  How they’d manage to work together was beyond her. “I’m looking into the history of the Jacobites and, in particular, how funding was raised amongst the clans prior to the arrival of Prince Charles Edward Stewart.”
“I don’t know why ye’d think our clan any different to the others.  The majority of the clans this far into the highlands supported the uprising any way they could, despite the little most had to live on.”  His eyes narrowed in suspicion.  “Given all yer fancy degrees, I’d think ye’d already know that.”
“Well, yes, my doctorate on Scottish history did require me to actually learn a little about Scottish history—but I assure you the circumstances are a little different when it comes to your clan.  I wouldn’t be here otherwise.”  It was impossible to keep the annoyance from her voice.  
“Don’t mind him, lass.  He’s always had a sharp tongue in that head of his and not enough common sense or manners.”  Callum gave his son a sideways glance that spoke volumes.
“My apologies.  I meant no offense.”  Except that his tone told her he didn’t mean a word he’d just spoken.  Iain poured the tea, even though his wary gaze was on her rather than on the cups before him.  “So do ye have any proof of this importance and why our clan’s so different?”
She couldn’t risk telling him the true reason, and yet she had no doubt he’d see through any lies.  Iain seemed far too intelligent and distrustful a man, and she was sure he’d miss nothing.  Best to skirt the truth then, and see if it would be enough to gain her the access she needed.
“I’ve found some information regarding the movement of funds leading up to the revolution and think your clan may have played a significant role in the transfer.  It’s that role that I want to investigate—and the route of the monies.  It could be of considerable historic importance and your clan would have been key.”
Iain sat back in his chair, his legs stretched out before him as he sipped his tea.  “Ye’ll pardon my saying so, but I’m not buying it, lass.  The war was centuries ago, and I’d imagine historians have looked at every aspect of the war, a dozen times over.  So if ye have new information, I’d like to know what it is.”
She couldn’t tell him.  There was still too little to go on.  Not enough clues.  “Honestly, I would love to tell you, but first I need to know that I’m on the right track.”
Iain let out a scoff and shook his head, but she pressed on, hoping to convince him.  “Truth be told, I can’t do this without your help.  Everything leads to your clan—to this home and this land.  I can’t take the next step without more information.  But I swear, once I’m a bit more certain of what I’ve found, I’ll tell you everything I know.”
It was as honest as she could be for now.  She just hoped it would be enough.  
“Son, I probably should’ve asked ye first, but I’ve already promised the lass our help, and truth is I want to help her.  I’d like to know what role our clan played in the uprising.”
Iain reached out and put a hand on his father’s arm with a sigh, his words still holding onto a hint of his annoyance.  “Very well then, if it’ll make you happy.”


Chapter Two

Iain wondered what Cat was truly up to.  Clearly, she was being less than honest with them, and yet his father seemed smitten, even inviting her to dine with them for the evening.  
At any other time, he wouldn’t have minded helping her, but his brother had gotten himself into a world of trouble and the last thing he needed was a snooping historian.  If the tabloids found out the trouble his family was in, they’d have a field day.  Though his reputation as a shrewd businessman was never harmed by the string of models he dated, his brother’s troubles could have a real impact on his business dealings.
Looking across the table at his father and Cat chatting like old friends made him want to curse.  He couldn’t deny the old man the pleasure, for there was little to make him happy as of late.  It just meant he’d have to keep a sharp eye on her, and try to make the most of it—for his father’s sake.
With dinner over, he got to his feet to clear the table.
“Here, let me give you a hand.”  Cat gathered the dirty dishes from their meal and followed him to the kitchen, but not before throwing a smile in his father’s direction.   
Curses.
“I appreciate the help.”  Iain put the dishes in the sink, and then took the ones she was carrying.  “Listen, about earlier today—on the road.  I’m sorry, aye?  I’d have been happy to change your flat.”
She shrugged, tucking a dark curl behind her ear, avoiding his gaze.  “I didn’t really give you the chance.”
“I nearly killed ye.  It left me shaken.”  By the gods, he’d played it in his head over and over in an endless loop since it happened.  Despite not wanting her around, nearly hitting her had left him mortified.  “I hope ye’ll be more careful next time.  You can’t go parking around blind turns like that.”
She may have avoided looking at him earlier, but he now had her full attention, her green eyes locked on his, fire raging within them.
“Really?  You want to have that conversation again?”  Her cheeks flushed as she cocked her head to the side in question.  “I can’t believe you’re still trying to pin this whole thing on me.  Maybe if you weren’t driving like a maniac, you’d have seen me.”
He took a deep breath to keep from yelling and did his best to ignore the throbbing vein at his temple.  “I’ve driven down that road a million times and could do it blind—but only if there’s no one in the middle of the road.  Anyone with a wee bit of common sense would know you don’t park around a turn where ye’ll not be seen.  Even with a flat, you certainly could have driven it another ten feet down the road.”  
“So now I have no common sense and it was all my fault?  You really are an arrogant jerk.”  With hands on curvy hips and her eyes ablaze, she looked ready to unleash her wrath.
So why was it his lips could do nothing but quirk into a smile? 
“What are you grinning at?  Do you think this is funny?  It took me hours to soak the cold and mud from my skin.”  
The girl was furious with him, and yet he could not help himself.  Something about her made him want to push her buttons—all of them.  “I wouldn’t think ye’d have a hard time heating up with that temper.  Yer cheeks have gone so red, yer freckles have gone into hiding.”
She swore under her breath and then spun on her heels, stalking out of the room.  With a quick jaunt, he caught up to her, gently grabbing her arm to stop her, not quite ready to have his fun come to an end.  “It’d be a pity to go before you find what ye’re looking for.  But please, don’t let me stop ye.  I’m sure ye have other ways of finding what ye’re after.”
“I may need your help for my research, but if you think I’m going to beg and plead, or kiss your wee Scottish arse, then you’re going to be waiting a long time.”
A laugh escaped him, despite it all.  “I’m sorry.  I was just teasing ye.  It’s absolutely true—I’m a total arse.”
He saw the internal debate going on inside that pretty head of hers.  She was still furious with him, and yet there was her research to consider.  Or was there more to it?  She was putting up with an awful lot.  
His gut told him she was up to something, but what?  Maybe it’d be best to string her along until he could get more information.  So he tried again to get her to stay and to avoid the tongue lashing he’d get from his father for upsetting a guest, no matter that he was a grown man.
“I really am sorry.  I take full responsibility for the incident.  I was in a hurry, and being familiar with the road, I wasn’t paying as much attention as I should’ve been.  Truce?”
She let out a weary sigh.  “Truce.”
***
Iain stared at his laptop screen, cursing his brother for making such a mess of things.  His email back to Malcolm was harsh, but he’d not mince words when the fool had just put their entire estate in jeopardy.  Things were a mess, and it was Malcolm’s fault—and his father’s for being gullible enough to believe whatever lies Malcolm fed him.  Neither their father nor sister knew that things now verged on the brink of disaster.  He’d try to spare them as long as possible, and with luck, he’d manage to turn things around before anyone found out.  
Cat.  It was as if the gods had decided to play a cruel joke on him.  She could be trouble—in more ways than one.  And though she could prove a pleasant enough distraction from his troubles, she brought out the worst in him.  The only other woman he’d ever antagonized like that was his sister when they were still children.  Yet tonight, he’d barely been able to resist such games, even though he knew better than to let his guard down.
He knew there was more to her visit than she was telling him, and with the mess his brother was in, he couldn’t afford to have it leak to the media.  His business rivals would pounce, and his clients would second guess his abilities—as if it wasn’t bad enough that he now had to find the funds to bail his brother out of his troubles.  It didn’t sound like the men Malcolm had involved himself with were the patient and understanding sort.
As for Cat’s research... he gave it some thought.  His clan had always been small in number, even before Culloden further diminished their numbers.  Yet despite their clan size, they’d yielded a fair amount of influence in the highlands, and Iain had studied their history enough to suspect what Cat might be after.  She’d mentioned the funds destined for the revolution, and that was enough to tell him she was looking for the jewels.  
Well, best of luck to her.  There was no reason to think his family was connected to the jewels, and others had certainly gone looking amongst the highland clans, only to come up empty-handed.  
Finding any information on the necklace would be a long shot, but if she did find it, it might turn out to be the lifeline he needed.  If found on their lands, the jewels would belong to his clan, even if it was her find.  
A knock at his office door had him looking up.  “Da.  Are you off to bed then?”
“Aye, in just a bit.”  He came in and sat down.  “Will you be meeting with the lass again?”
Iain spun his chair around to face his father.  “She’s going to come by in the morning to review any information we have from before and after the time of Culloden.”  
His father pinned him with a stern look.  “I hope ye’ll be nicer to her this time around.  If I hear ye’ve gone and chased her off, I won’t be happy, Iain.  Yer Ma wouldn’t have tolerated you disrespecting any guest of this house, and I won’t put up with it either.  Ye hear?”  
“Don’t go worrying yerself, Da.  I promise I’ll try to be on my best behavior and not antagonize her.”  Iain gave his father a reassuring smile.  
Callum had clearly enjoyed Cat’s company.  Too often it was just the two of them knocking about the empty house, and Iain was usually busy with work to be of any real company.  Luckily, he could get most of his business conducted from home, even if he did have to travel from time to time.
Not yet done, Callum pulled him from his thoughts for another scolding.  “I hadn’t realized ye’d already met—and by all accounts you weren’t much nicer to her then, either.”
Iain had to laugh, recalling the state of her covered in mud and dripping wet.  “Now that wasn’t entirely my fault, though ye’re right.  I could have been nicer.”
Giving her a bit more thought, Iain continued.  “When she spoke to ye… did she say what she was looking for?”
“Nae.  Nothing more than what she said tonight.  Why?  What are ye thinking, lad?”  
Iain shrugged.  “Nothing.  I was just curious is all.”
Callum got to his feet.  “Just make sure ye keep yer curiosity honorable, aye?  I may be old, and ye may have been rude, but I’m not blind.  There’s heat between the two of ye, so be sure to behave yerself.”
“She’s pretty, but definitely not my type.  Far too uptight and… scholarly.”  Iain waved away his father’s concerns, thinking of the proper sweater, her hair tamed up and out of the way with some fancy twist when it was desperate to escape and go wild.  All she needed was a pair of glasses and a string of pearls, and she could pass for a librarian.  
His father scowled at him, his eyes narrowed in annoyance.  “Aye, ye wouldn’t want someone smart and pretty.  Ye’ve clearly chosen far more wisely in the past.”
Iain shook his head with a smile.  “Good night to ye, Da.”
With thoughts of highland treasure and pretty librarians bouncing around his head, Iain headed off to the library with Duncan lazily trailing behind him.  With two levels of books, a catwalk for ease of use, a comfortable sofa and a large stone fireplace, this room was easily Iain’s favorite.
Duncan sat in front of the fireplace, and looked at him in question.
“No, Duncan.  I’m not building a fire this late at night.”
Duncan responded with a noise that sounded like a cross between a yawn and yelp, followed by a cock of his head as his sad brown eyes attempted to guilt Iain into doing his bidding.
Iain ignored him and wandered to the shelf where they kept the oldest books.
Duncan barked, and then barked again, the noise deafening when backed by the lungs tucked in that massive chest.
“Seriously, dog?”  
He got a rapid thwapping of tail in response.  Fully aware the pup would keep bugging him until a fire was lit, Iain quickly got one going with the knowledge he too would enjoy it.  The nights were cold this far north, even if it was only October.
With the dog content, Iain wandered back to the bookshelf housing dozens of books dating back ages and generations.  It had been years since he last went through them, and though they were in decent shape, he tried not to handle them too often.  When he’d gone through them in the past it wasn’t with an eye for finding anything in particular.  Now, however, he’d take another look, keeping a keen eye out for any clues that might give up their mystery.
It would likely lead nowhere, but Cat had his curiosity going, and if he was stuck with her snooping around, then he might as well make the most of it.  The stories he’d heard regarding the bejeweled necklace had never mentioned his family.  So why did she think his clan had been somehow involved?  He supposed it could be true—or was she looking for something else.  
His ancestors had been loyal Jacobites.  Then again, nearly every highland clan had supported the cause of Bonnie Prince Charlie and had wanted him to take back the throne.  She had found something—but what?  And could the information be trusted?  Could she be trusted?
Time would tell.
End of Sample.  The Highlander’s Hope is now available for FREE.
Mine For Tonight (The Billionaire’s Obsession)
By J. S. Scott
 
Chapter 1
Simon Hudson stood silently in the shadows of the opulent lobby, his hands in the pockets of his jeans and one shoulder propped against the frame of a large window that faced the street. His whole body was tense, his dark brown eyes scanning the sidewalk with the intense and total focus of a madman.
Where in the hell is she? It’s ten forty-five.
He knew Kara was working tonight. She had called in sick for the last two evenings, but was back to work at Helen’s Place, waiting tables on the swing shift. He had checked. His mother owned the bistro where Kara worked and was generally pretty forthcoming with information when Simon wanted it, but he was careful. If he wasn’t, his only parent would be hounding him to find out why he wanted information on Kara. His wonderful but inquisitive mom would be like a bloodhound after a scent if she thought that Simon’s interest was anything but casual. He would be nagged to death, his mother wanting to know exactly what his intentions were with Kara.
Simon frowned. Like he had any intentions? He had fantasies and all of them involved Kara spread out on his bed, screaming his name as he made her come, over and over.
Simon took a deep breath and slowly blew it back out, trying to get his body to relax and telling himself that he must be insane to take exactly the same position, night after night, for some woman who he had never officially met. But here he was…again, his back to the curious doorman, leering out the window like an unbalanced stalker, waiting to get a glimpse of Kara Foster. Something about the woman brought out strange, territorial, and protective instincts that kept him here, keeping watch, waiting for her to walk by his condo building on her way home from work.
And then, when he spotted her, he’d do the same thing he always did. He’d follow her at a distance, trying not to alarm her, and wait until she had let herself into her apartment safely before he turned around and walked back home.
He wouldn’t talk to her, or even get close to her. He never did. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to, but Kara was going to nursing school and working full-time at his mother’s restaurant. According to his mom, Kara adamantly refused to date because she didn’t have the time or energy to put into a relationship. She was probably right about that. The insane woman didn’t sleep enough, eat enough. She had no one who even worried about her except for his mother…and Simon. Hell, in the last year, Simon had probably cared more about Kara’s well-being than a dozen family members would have, and he couldn’t even call her a friend. Problem was…he wasn’t a family member, and his feelings were far from brotherly.
God, she was sweet!
Simon had to bite back a groan of frustration as he thought about the first time he had seen Kara, her blue eyes flashing with humor, black tendrils of silky hair escaping from her ever-present ponytail and her lithe body moving gracefully from table to table at his mom’s restaurant. At the age of twenty-eight, she still retained a look of innocence and vulnerability that had Simon caught in her unintentional web. He’d been a prisoner there ever since.
His mother spoke about Kara as if she were her daughter, and Simon knew that Kara and his mother had a special bond: one not formed by blood, but by a special friendship. Shit…if Kara were younger, Simon was pretty sure his mother would adopt her. Lips twitching slightly, Simon hoped his mother never expected him to be like a brother to Kara. It wasn’t happening. His cock stood at attention, rock-hard and ready, every time he saw her. What in the hell was it about this particular woman that made him so edgy and restless?
Simon had fucked women who were more attractive or more sophisticated, and not a single one of them had ever touched any of his emotions. He was a loner, preferring to spend his time with his computer rather than attending social functions, but there were times when he needed a woman’s company for physical relief. Occasionally taking himself in hand just wasn’t getting it done. Simon had certain female acquaintances for those occasions, women who gave him the control he needed and had to have in the bedroom, without a lot of demands or questions. Damn it! That had been enough for him…until he had seen Kara.
Grimacing, his eyes never leaving the street, Simon shoved his hands deeper into his pockets and adjusted his position, giving his shoulder a break by resting his hip against the wall. God, he was getting pathetic. How long would he moon over a woman who had never even acknowledged him? Until she finished nursing school and moved away? Until she got married?
He nearly growled at the thought of another man putting his hands on Kara’s delectable body. Simon fought a purely feral instinct that rose up at the thought of another man touching his woman.
She’s not your woman, asshole. Get a grip.
For once in his life, Simon wished he were more like his older brother Sam, the other half of the Hudson Corporation. Sam would have no problem putting the moves on Kara. Charm, conquer, and discard had always been his brother’s style and Sam wouldn’t have given a thought to the possibility of rejection. Probably because Sam never failed! His only sibling went through the female population like a person with a nasty cold went through tissues. Sam would have broken down Kara’s defenses, charmed her out of her panties and then discarded her for his next conquest.
Oh, hell no. Simon loved his brother, but he’d be damned if he’d ever let Sam seduce Kara. He didn’t even want the two of them in the same room together.
Because she’s mine.
Simon shook his head, surprised at his own behavior. Yeah…he liked control, actually needed control, but he had never wanted one woman in particular. Now, he could think of little else but the pretty waitress who had snagged his attention a year ago.
You’re afraid of her.
Simon scowled at the thought. Like hell he was! He wasn’t afraid of anything, and he definitely didn’t fear Kara Foster. She just…was not a likely lover. Why bother?
He fucked.
He didn’t date.
And he liked it that way.
His brother Sam was the face of the company, the marketer. Simon was a computer geek, happy to stay in the background. What did he know about seducing a woman? He’d never needed to coerce a woman to his bed. The females he fucked were only with him for personal gain. He was known as a generous lover. He wasn’t fool enough to believe they had any personal feelings for him. That, he understood. That, he could handle.
Maybe I need to find a way to fuck her and get over this crazy obsession.
Would it be enough? Could he actually get free from his fixation with this woman if he could find a way to have her?
Christ! He had to do something. His irrational preoccupation with Kara had grown worse and worse over the last year, causing him to want no other woman except her. He hadn’t gotten off with anyone except himself in well over a year, and he really needed to scratch that itch. Yet…he couldn’t. If he tried to take action, to make a move to call another woman, he would see Kara’s pretty girl-next-door face and hang up the phone.
I’m just that fucking obsessed with her.
Simon glanced at an approaching figure, his mind almost immediately starting to dismiss the dark-haired woman who was dressed in a short, black, leather mini-skirt and a bright red sweater. He’d never seen Kara dressed in anything other than jeans and a t-shirt that sported the restaurant’s logo, standard casual dress for employees of his mom’s restaurant.
He did a surprised double-take as the woman got closer, gaping when her face came into view. Holy Christ! It was Kara. She was close enough that he could see her features, the same face that haunted his wet dreams every damn night, but the outfit….
What in hell is she wearing?
Simon could see almost every inch of her long, slender, shapely legs in the ultra-short mini and the whole outfit molded over her breasts, torso, and ass like a glove. His cock was instantly standing at full attention and he pulled his hands out of his pockets. They curled into tight fists as a bead of sweat rolled down his face. Followed by another. And another.
Goddamnit! What was she thinking? Dressed that way, she was practically begging for some man to come and snatch her up off the street.
And, by God, he was going to be that man. He wasn’t leaving that opportunity to another male, someone who might do her harm.
Didn’t she realize that this was Tampa? A major city! It wasn’t some tiny town where she could walk the streets at night and not be noticed or accosted.
Simon unclenched one fist and gripped the window frame for support, his eyes never leaving the approaching female. Gritting his teeth, Simon knew that today was the day he was going to have to get close to her, closer than he’d ever been before. He couldn’t handle these animalistic and rampant emotions anymore. He didn’t like them, wasn’t used to them. All he wanted was his sanity back, to return to his computer and work on his passion for developing computer games without erotic thoughts of Kara taking over his brain.
Sense. Reason. Control. That was how he functioned and what he needed in order to be himself again, and dammit, he’d get back to his normal state of mind, no matter what drastic measures he had to take to achieve it. Somehow, he would purge himself of this incredibly stupid and raging desire for Kara Foster.
His mind made up, Simon pushed off the window frame and stood up straight, lowering his “mask” until his face was devoid of emotion. He was good at that. He’d been raised in an area of Los Angeles where most normal people would never even enter, a place where being weak, slow-witted, or fragile in any way meant being destroyed.
If nothing else, Simon Hudson was a survivor. His guise firmly in place, he ripped his gaze from the window, turned sharply and strode purposefully toward the door.
*****
Kara Foster was having a seriously bad day!
She hefted her backpack to make it sit more solidly on her shoulder and reached for the hem of her ridiculously short skirt, yanking it down hard to cover her ass. The clothes looked great on her classmate, Lisa, who was several inches shorter and seven years younger than Kara. Unfortunately, they didn’t look quite the same on Kara’s taller, fuller body. The sweater hugged her generous breasts and the skirt was too damn short, barely concealing the cheeks of her ass.
She was a street-smart woman, having grown up in one of the worst areas of Tampa and coming through the experience intact. Kara knew how to protect herself, how to avoid any unwanted attention. So what in the hell was she doing in an outfit that was bound to get her in trouble? Stupid, Kara. Really, really stupid!
Frowning, Kara forced herself to keep walking. No big deal. She was in a decent area. So what if she looked like a sex kitten in sneakers? Eight more blocks and she would be home, free to finally strip off the ludicrous outfit and put on her own comfortable jeans and t-shirt.
Kara heaved a sigh as she focused solely on arriving at the tiny apartment that she shared with another student. Her legs were cold and she shivered, walking faster to get her body warm. It was January in Tampa, and while the daytime hours were pleasant, it got chilly at night. She should have brought her jacket, but she had been running late this morning.
She hadn’t planned to have her legs bare and her behind flapping in the breeze.
The day is almost over.
Thank God!
She had spilled coffee on her own jeans and t-shirt earlier in the day. With no time to go home and change before she had to get to work, Kara had gratefully accepted the offer of clean clothes from Lisa, a classmate who was never without a change of clothing in her car. It wasn’t that Kara didn’t appreciate the kindness of her classmate. She definitely did. Kara just wished she could wear the clothing with the same attitude as Lisa. But…she couldn’t. She was used to keeping a low profile, and she was mortified that she probably resembled a call girl with bad shoes, functioning the entire day and evening with a hint of red on her cheeks and trying desperately not to bend over.
When she had arrived at the restaurant for her shift, her kind boss, Helen Hudson, had taken pity on her and dug in the drawers for an apron that reached Kara’s knees and covered her exposed backside.
Wishing she had worn the apron home, she jerked again at the bottom of the snug skirt with more than a hint of frustration, hoping she wasn’t flashing anything more than some bare thigh.
Exhaustion tugged at Kara’s body and her stomach rumbled. She had gotten so busy at work that she hadn’t taken the time to eat. The small, cozy restaurant had been busy, much busier than usual because it was Friday night. She had actually been grateful for the customers. The tip money she had in her backpack was all that stood between her and a completely empty bank account. Maybe she could buy a few groceries now that she had a few bucks from tips. Her cupboards at home were bare and her roommate seemed to be in even worse financial shape than Kara. Lydia never bought food and whatever Kara bought disappeared quickly.
Last semester! You can make it.
Damn…it had been a long four years, and Kara felt much older than her actual age of twenty-eight years. Actually, she just felt old. Period! Most of her classmates were barely legal drinking age and were all about college partying, while Kara could only think about making it through each day, getting one step closer to graduation.
Kara had lost her parents in an auto accident at the age of eighteen and was pretty much alone. After working for several years as a waitress, barely surviving, she knew she had to either go to college or resign herself to struggling through life with no end to poverty in sight.
She didn’t regret the decision to go to college, but it had been difficult, an arduous and lonely road that she could only be grateful was almost over.
You’ll make it. Almost there!
Kara stopped abruptly as the sidewalk started to tilt and her vision blurred. Oh, shit. Her hand reached out to grip the post of a streetlight to steady herself as her brain whirled and her body trembled. Dizziness made it impossible to function, to advance any farther. Damn it. I should have taken the time to eat.
“Kara!” She heard the low, no-nonsense baritone filter through to her foggy brain. The voice was abrupt, but it was reassuring to know that someone who knew her, who recognized her, was here.
Shaking her head, trying to clear her vision, Kara tightened her grip on the metal post and willed herself not to pass out on the cold stone pavement as her body swayed precariously, preparing itself for the fall.
*****
 
Chapter 2
“Christ, you look like hell!” The same voice, impatient and husky, broke through her hazy mind, and she felt a pair of solid, muscular arms come around her as she was lifted against a solid, rock-hard chest.
Warm…so warm. Instinctively, she snuggled into the heat of the sturdy, heat-producing form, trying to use the body heat to unlock her chilled muscles.
She rested her spinning head against a very broad, very solid shoulder and sighed as the mystery man passed through a set of doors and into a warm building. Somewhere inside her mind, she knew she should be fighting him, trying to break away from the strange man whose voice she didn’t recognize, but she didn’t have the strength.
Kara acknowledged the ping of an elevator bell and her stomach rebelled as the steel chamber lurched, moving upward at what seemed like a lightning-fast, head-spinning speed.
Moments later, she was gently lowered to a comfortable bed and covered in a warm comforter that eased the chill from her body. Her shoes were removed roughly and dropped to the floor. She opened her eyes and tried to focus. Struggling to sit up, she found herself pushed back down onto the pillows by strong hands on her shoulders. “Don’t move. Not one inch.”
“I’m fine. I’ve had a little bug. I thought I was over it. It was just a little dizziness,” she argued as she tried to sit up again.
“You’re not fine,” the voice barked. “The doctor is here to see you. He lives in the building. He saw you nearly take a nosedive into the pavement.”
“Doctor?” Alarmed, Kara focused on another man who lurked behind the bossy one. “I don’t need a doctor.” She couldn’t afford a doctor.
“Too late. He’s here. And you are being checked.”
“I can refuse,” she answered hesitantly, her gaze finally meeting the dark eyes of her rescuer.
“You won’t,” he told her in a warning voice.
His perilous appearance kept a sharp retort from exiting her mouth. God, he was huge. Broad shoulders filled her vision as he crouched beside the bed. She had felt his muscular body while he was carrying her, but now she could visually appreciate the strength of those arms and his solid bulk as her sight cleared and the dizziness began to subside.
Big. Dark. Dangerous. Kara’s blue eyes clashed with his dark brown stare, his look so ferocious that it was almost frightening. He ran his hand impatiently through his short black hair, his expression grim. He wasn’t handsome in any conventional way, his features too sharp and his olive complexion marred by a small scar to his right temple and another on his left cheek. But damn…he was appealing in a carnal, sensual sort of way. Kara could feel the intensity vibrating from his body and entering hers, making her nipples hard and sensitive. “Who are you?” she asked him softly, remembering that he had called her by name.
“Simon Hudson. Helen Hudson’s son.” He stood and backed up to let the older man behind him step forward.
Helen’s son? Simon. She had never met Sam or Simon, but she had heard all about them from her boss, a woman who had become a very close friend over the years. Simon was the youngest. In his early thirties. A computer genius, he developed computer games that had started the Hudson Corporation on its way to becoming a company worth billions.
“Young lady, I heard you’ve been sick. I’m Dr. Simms. Let me take a quick look at you.” A kind, middle-aged face replaced Mr. Tall, Dark and Unhappy. Kara let out a relieved breath and gave the jovial doctor a small smile.
“I’m fine. A virus. Maybe I wasn’t quite over it and it’s been a long day. Just a little residual fatigue,” she assured the physician, wanting to put on her well-worn sneakers and run away from this humbling situation as soon as possible.
Simon stood behind the good doctor, his arms crossed and his face formidable. Geez…the man was fierce. It wasn’t that she hadn’t seen plenty of scary men in her life, but there was something about Simon that had her heart thumping and her body on high alert.
Kara let the doctor do his exam. Dr. Simms was kind and efficient with a bedside manner that had her smiling as he chatted absently during his evaluation. He gave her commands and asked the standard questions. She answered his questions as briefly as possible, wanting to get the exam finished and get out of Simon Hudson’s constrained presence.
Dr. Simms stood with a congenial smile as he completed his exam. “You need rest, food, and more time to get over this virus. You might have been feeling slightly better for a day because your fever broke, but the fever is back and the virus isn’t completely through your system. You’re already run down and it doesn’t sound like you sleep or eat properly.” The doctor’s smile broadened. “Typical of us medical folks. It may have been a while ago, but I still remember medical school.” After a pause, the doctor asked professionally, “Any chance you could be pregnant?”
Kara’s eyes shot to Simon’s face, her cheeks burning with embarrassment. Did Simon really need to be hearing all of this? His eyes locked with hers and his body seemed visibly tense as he waited for her answer.
“No. Absolutely no possibility,” she answered with a timidity that was usually not part of her personality. There wasn’t a chance in hell that she was pregnant, unless a vibrator could knock her up, and lately, she was even too tired to use that. Her sex drive was dead from eighty-hour weeks of work and school. The only action her bed got was Kara, alone, sleeping for the few hours of rest that she got every night after her late-night study sessions.
The doctor breezed over the subject, instructing her to rest and treat the symptoms with over-the-counter fever medications.
Kara thanked him and gave him a tremulous smile before he turned to Simon, the two men talking quietly as they left the bedroom.
She sat up quickly, too quickly, and the room rotated for a minute before her head cleared. God, she was as weak as a kitten from the return of the fever and lack of food. She bent slowly and snatched her shoes from the floor, sitting on the bed to cram her feet into them without even untying the laces.
“What in the hell do you think you’re doing?” Kara jerked up at the sound of the booming voice, her foot only halfway into her second shoe.
“I need to get home,” she answered, uncomfortable now that she was alone with Simon. He was too big, too gruff, too demanding, too much of everything. There was something about him that made her feel off-balance, and it had nothing to do with her virus.
He swung her legs back onto the bed and pulled her shoes off. Damn. All of that hard work gone in seconds. Putting on those shoes had been an effort and she didn’t appreciate having to do it again.
“You’re sick and you’re staying here,” Simon told her sternly as his dark eyes swept over her and he grimaced.
“I can’t. I’m working tomorrow. I need to get some sleep.”
“You’re not working for at least the next week. I already called Mom and told her to replace you.” His expression was disapproving as he covered her body with the comforter and sat on top of it, effectively trapping her. “I also took the liberty of grabbing your keys from your backpack so that my assistant can go to your place and get you some clothes in case your roommate isn’t home.”
“But I-”
“Don’t argue! This discussion is over. I’m going to make you something to eat and you will eat it. Then you’ll go to sleep.” He stood and exited, the orders still reverberating through the rather impressive space of the bedroom.
Fuming, Kara sat up and debated whether she dared to spring out of bed and through the door of what looked like a condo. A very nice condo! The bedroom was spacious and decorated in shades of tan and black. Tan, plush carpet and masculine dark furniture dominated the room. The bed was enormous and sat on a frame of intricate black ironwork that supported a canopy of what looked to be tan silk with woven black and brown designs. It was a beautiful room, bold and dark, just like the man who owned it.
Did he really expect her to stay here? Yes, his mother was her boss and friend, but she didn’t know Simon and she wasn’t sure she liked him. He was bossy, impatient, and expected people to jump when he said jump. Or stay when he said stay-sort of like a well-trained dog. Unfortunately for him, Kara didn’t take orders well. She had made her own decisions since her parents had passed away and the last thing she needed was a domineering billionaire calling the shots in her life. The only thing money meant to Kara was security. Other than that, she couldn’t care less about what money could buy; it was hard to miss material things that she had never had.
He called Helen to replace me? There was no way she could miss a week of work. Missing two days this week had already stretched her empty bank account. She relied on her tips to survive, and she didn’t get tips by sitting on her butt at home. She had missed two evenings because she had no choice. The virus had eaten her up and spit her out, leaving her prostrate on her bed and sicker than she had been since she was a child.
She sighed and leaned back against the pillows. She was so tired and so damned weak right now. All she really wanted to do was bury herself in this warm, comfortable bed and sleep until she wasn’t tired anymore. What would that be like? She couldn’t remember a time that she wasn’t exhausted. It had become normal for her to feel drained during the last four years; she only slept a few hours a night and her meals were sporadic, depending on what she could afford.
Kara looked up as she heard the clink of glass-on-glass and saw Simon coming into the room, juggling dishes. She bit back a smile, thinking that it was a good thing that he was a computer geek, because he would never make it as a waiter. He had a glass in one hand and a plate in the other. A bowl was balanced precariously between his elbow and chest. She wanted to tell him it would be easier if he just put the bowl on the plate, but she bit back the suggestion.
“I don’t know what you like,” he grumbled as he put the glass on the bedside table and handed her the bowl. He sounded cantankerous over the fact that there was something he didn’t know. “Soup. Eat.”
Talk about a man of few words. He issued commands like a drill sergeant. “Simon, I can’t stay here,” she told him softly as she accepted the bowl of steaming soup. Chicken noodle. Her favorite. Stomach rumbling from the tempting aroma coming from the bowl, she lifted the spoon and took a cautious bite. She could tell that it had come out of a can, but it tasted delicious and her rumbling stomach made her shovel it in like a starving woman.
“You are staying. Take these.” He scowled at her as he held up a hand and dropped two pills into her open palm.
Extra-Strength Tylenol. She popped them into her mouth gratefully and reached for the glass. Simon handed it to her before she could reach it. She swallowed and handed the juice back to Simon’s waiting hand before replying, “I have to work. I can’t afford to be off. I already took two days because I was sick. I’m sure I’ll feel better by tomorrow.”
“You bet your sweet, exposed ass you will. I’ll make sure that you do,” he replied, his voice irascible.
Kara continued to eat her soup as she eyed his expression. He was serious. Dead serious. How did a sweet woman like Helen end up with a crabby-ass son like Simon? “You’re not my boss, Simon.”
“No, but my mother is and she agrees that you aren’t working. She didn’t realize you were still ill,” he told her, his expression surly. “Hell…I don’t know how she missed it. You have black circles under your eyes that make you look like a raccoon and you look dead on your feet. Mom’s definitely slipping. She can usually dig out any problem. Painfully, if necessary,” he rumbled, as though he were remembering a few of those painful experiences.
“I was feeling better earlier. And she was trying to help me find something to wear over my skirt,” she told him calmly as she finished off the soup.
“Where in the hell did you get that outfit? I’ve never seen you in anything but jeans,” he queried softly, dangerously. Kara quivered as his eyes roamed over the quilt, as though he could see her scantily-clad body through the material.
“It was a loan,” she said, accepting the plate that held a yummy-looking sandwich as he took away the bowl. “Like a complete idiot, I spilled coffee down the front of my clothes today and didn’t have time to run home before work.”
“You are not an idiot,” he stated curtly.
Swallowing a bite of the delicious egg salad sandwich, Kara’s eyes jerked up to his face in surprise. “We’ve never met. How did you recognize me? How do you know what I usually wear?”
He shrugged and diverted his eyes. “I’ve seen you around the restaurant.”
“I’ve never seen you at the restaurant.”
“I stop by to see Mom. I usually don’t go out front.”
Helen’s office was in the back, so it made sense. Kara was silent while she wolfed down the rest of the sandwich. God…she was hungry…and grateful for the meal.
“Thank you,” she told him sincerely as she handed the plate back to him and he set it on the bedside table.
“You need to eat. And sleep.” He touched the dark patches under her eyes softly with his index finger. “I’ve never been close enough to see how tired you look.”
“The virus kicked my rear,” she murmured lightly, feeling warmed not only by the food, but by the concerned frown on Simon’s face. “I’ll feel well enough to work tomorrow.”
He handed her the glass of juice. “Don’t even think about it. Finish that and sleep.”
Too tired to argue, Kara downed the juice and gave up the glass to his waiting hand. She’d deal with everything later. Her eyes were drooping and exhaustion pressed on her body like weights. She needed to close her eyes.
Snuggling under the quilt, Kara sighed and rested her head on the pillow. For the first time in years, she felt full, comfortable and…safe. Simon might be cranky, but he had apparently appointed himself her protector. It was somehow…comforting.
With that strange thought rolling around in her mind, she slept.
 
End of sample.  
Mine For Tonight is available for FREE on all major venues.



