CORPORATE HUSBAND
 
 
 
By
Beverly Farr


 
Copyright 2013 by Beverly Farr Giroux

This story is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
 
All rights reserved.
 
No part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical without permission in writing from Beverly Farr Giroux.
 
License Statement

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 

Cover art by LFD Designs for Authors
http://www.mycoverart.wordpress.com
 
Cover image by: wavebreakmedia/Shutterstock.com
 
Formatting by Polgarus Studio
http://www.polgarusstudio.com 

Sudtipos is the trademark and copyright owner of Hipster Script Pro, the font used for the title on the cover.
 
If you would like to know when Beverly Farr’s next book will be released, please sign up for her mailing list at www.beverlyfarr.com
 

#

 
To my husband, who is smart, funny, and best of all, kind.


 
Corporate Husband
by
Beverly Farr
 
To inherit her grandfather’s chocolate company, Louisa Brannigan needs a loyal employee to marry her and keep his mouth shut. Justin Reilly seems like the ideal candidate, until he starts changing the rules.
PROLOGUE

Justin Reilly was too good looking.
Louisa Brannigan unwrapped a square of chocolate and popped it in her mouth as she considered the dozen photographs across her desk. There wasn’t a bad one in the bunch. No bad hair days, no half-drugged looks from being caught while blinking. If she didn’t know Justin was an attorney with a fine legal mind, she’d think he was an actor, with his square jaw and thick, tawny mane.
But she had no interest in getting involved with another handsome man, so she set his photographs aside and looked at the second file the private investigator had provided.
Eric Snow. Nice looking, but certainly no chick-magnet. A slightly receding hairline. A few extra pounds around his waist. Just what she was looking for. Louisa perused his college transcripts. Not bad, but apparently he had no aptitude for foreign languages. She read about his hobbies, his habits, and frowned as she looked at his credit rating. She looked through his financial records. Eric was on the brink of bankruptcy. That would never do.
She looked at his job description. Marketing. At least he wasn’t in Accounting, she thought with relief, and set his file aside.
She glanced at the third candidate’s file. Harold Clarkston. Distinguished. A fussy dresser. At forty-eight, he was older than she wanted, but beggars couldn’t be choosers. He was in Sales, and apparently did quite well. No money problems. But he was divorced. No children.
Louisa knew from personal experience that anyone could find themselves trapped in a hellish marriage, but she wanted to know the reason for his divorce. She glanced through the report. The investigator had interviewed Harold’s ex-wife. Louisa’s eyebrows rose. Even if half of what the woman said was true, Harold was ineligible as well.
She sighed with irritation. If only Brannigan’s weren’t such a family friendly corporation. Most of the men who had worked for the company for more than ten years were already married.
I don’t want to do this. She pushed herself away from her desk and spun around in her leather office chair. I want more alternatives, more choices.
If she had the luxury of time, she would broaden the scope of her search. But time was running out. Cyrus’ health was deteriorating.
The wall behind her desk contained a glass display case holding some of Brannigan’s earliest products. It had been there so long, she rarely noticed it in her day-to-day work, but tonight she stared at the wrappers with their old-fashioned lettering: Brannigan’s, the company’s original solid milk chocolate bar; The Champ, a caramel nougat coated with nuts and chocolate; and Little Bits, small disks of chocolate with a hard candy coating. None of the chocolate inside would be edible now, but it represented everything her grandfather had worked for, everything she had worked for.
Was she going to let Brannigan’s be destroyed?
Sometimes she felt as if she carried the world on her shoulders, that the weight of her responsibilities would crush her.
But she’d chosen the responsibility. She was exactly where she’d always wanted to be, and she was not one to whine when the going got tough. She would do whatever it took to save Brannigan’s.
With resignation, she turned back to Justin Reilly’s file. Athletic scholarship in college. Baseball. First baseman. Undergraduate degree in Linguistics. Then law school. Law Review. He graduated in the top two percent of his law class. She flipped through the papers. He was good with money, and was amassing a tidy investment portfolio. He’d been engaged once, but they broke up a year ago. According to the investigator, he was not currently involved in a serious relationship.
He didn’t drink to excess or do drugs. No traffic tickets. Father dead, mother still living. He often spent the holidays with his sister and her family in Sacramento.
On paper, he was exactly what she was looking for, so why did she hesitate? She wasn’t foolish enough to think that all handsome men were swine, but at some level, she still didn’t trust him.
Louisa debated. With her pen, she drew a moustache on Justin’s photo, then sketched a pointed goatee. He still looked good. She added an eye-patch and a scar across his cheek.
She smiled with satisfaction, then caught herself. What was the matter with her? She rarely indulged in such childishness. Too many late nights and fitful sleep were taking their effect.
She ripped the altered photo into small pieces and dropped them in her waste basket.
No more procrastination. She must act quickly, and Justin Reilly was her best choice.
Her only choice.

CHAPTER ONE

Justin Reilly stepped up to the elevator doors and waited.
“You’re running late like me,” a young woman said in a friendly voice.
Justin gave her a quick glance. She was blonde, short, and in her mid-twenties. Pretty. She wore a raincoat and carried a dripping umbrella.
He nodded in greeting, but said nothing. He wasn’t interested in chatty blondes.
The doors to the elevator opened and they both stepped inside. He pushed the button for the thirty-seventh floor.
“Oh, wow,” his fellow passenger murmured. “You must be one of the executive officers.”
Justin smiled briefly, but didn’t comment, merely stared forward, waiting for the elevator to rise.
She continued, “When the power went out last night, it messed up my alarm clock, and I slept in. I hope Mr. Nelson, that’s my supervisor, believes me. Do you think he’ll believe me?”
Justin didn’t want to get involved in a personal discussion, but it would be rude not to respond. “Most likely.”
He’d heard on the radio that the storm caused several sections of town to be without power for more than an hour. The weather man had predicted scattered thunder showers throughout the day.
The elevator slowed to a stop. “It’s my floor,” the woman said as if disappointed that the ride had been so short. She fussed with her purse and the umbrella to delay stepping out. She glanced at him flirtatiously. “What department do you work in?”
“Legal.”
She smiled in farewell. “Maybe I’ll see you around one of these days.”
Not if he saw her first. He didn’t believe in mixing work and social relationships. Over the years, he’d seen too many co-workers get romantically involved and have to continue to work together when the relationships soured. That made for a tense, unproductive environment. It was better to avoid the temptation all together.
Justin stepped out of the elevator and pressed his company ID badge to the scanner on the security gate. A green light meant he was cleared to enter, and he walked toward his office.
“Hey, when did you get back in town?” Keith Williams, one of the other attorneys, asked.
“Yesterday.”
Williams groaned. “And you’re back to the grindstone already? Didn’t Honeycutt give you any time off?”
“Yes, but I want to see what’s waiting for me next week.”
“Get a life, man,” Williams urged. “You wouldn’t see me hanging around the office if I didn’t have to.”
And that’s why no one would see Williams move higher in the legal department, Justin thought, but didn’t say it. Not everyone had the same single-minded devotion to Brannigan’s that he did.
Justin set his briefcase on his desk and hung his wool coat on a hook behind his door.
“The Black Widow called. She wants to see you as soon as you’re free.”
He turned to see his assistant Sharon standing in the doorway.
He said smoothly, “In the future, please refer to her as Ms. Brannigan.”
She reddened. “Sorry, sir. It just slipped out.”
Many of the staff referred to the CEO of Brannigan’s as The Black Widow, but he thought the appellation was unprofessional, as well as inaccurate.
Louisa Brannigan was divorced, not widowed. Some of Brannigan’s employees felt that the way she got rid of her husband and took the top position he had been groomed for, made her similar to the poisonous spider, but Justin didn’t waste time with company gossip.
He asked his secretary, “Did Ms. Brannigan mention why she wanted to speak to me?”
“No, sir.”
Justin nodded. “Thank you for the message.”
Since Ms. Brannigan hadn’t mentioned a specific matter, there was no point in going through his files, trying to read her mind. If she needed information, she’d give him sufficient time to gather it. He hadn’t spoken to her more than a handful of times. She tended to deal directly with Alan Honeycutt, the head of the legal department, but the few times he had conversed with her, he had always found her to be a reasonable person. Aloof, perhaps, but that was to be expected of the CEO of one of the top five candy companies in the United States.
Justin re-tucked his gray broadcloth shirt and buttoned his suit jacket before walking back into the elevator and riding up to the top floor. When he had first signed on with Brannigan’s, Cyrus had been in complete control of the company, and a formal corporate dress code had been strictly enforced. Unlike her grandfather, Ms. Brannigan did not require all corporate males to wear white shirts, but Justin still wanted to present a polished image.
He didn’t have to wait long. Louisa Brannigan came out of her office to greet him. She wore her signature black — tailored narrow pants today with a matching cashmere sweater that emphasized her slim, elegant figure. Her brown hair was cut in a sleek smooth style that brushed her shoulders. She was an attractive woman, but more importantly, she was a powerful woman. Sometimes it was difficult to remember that she was only thirty-two. She had the poise and self-control of a woman years older.
“Justin,” she said with a smile. “It’s good to see you.” She put out her hand to shake his with a firm clasp.
The smile was new to him, as well as her calling him by his first name. He drew his breath in sharply. Office folklore said to get ready for the ax whenever she smiled.
She continued, “I was thrilled with the verdict in Italy. I want to hear all the details.”
Justin relaxed. That explained the smile. The trademark infringement case had been tricky but had turned out well. He said, “I’d be happy to tell you whatever you want to know.”
He followed her into her office.
It was the first time he’d been inside the inner sanctum, but it was exactly as he would have expected – decorated predominantly in gray and silver with long, clean, modern lines. Nothing overtly fussy or feminine.
Welcome to my parlor, said the spider to fly.
Justin brushed the thought aside.
Instead of having him sit across from her desk, she offered him a seat in one of two surprisingly comfortable chairs that had an excellent view of the Dallas skyline. Brannigan’s corporate offices were located north of downtown, but the large glass office building looked southward.
Justin started outlining the key points in the trial.
She appeared to be interested and asked insightful questions, but after a few minutes, she interrupted him to ask, “Would you like something to drink? Coffee?”
“Yes, please.” He was surprised to see her walk across her office and lean her head out her door to speak directly to her personal assistant. He would have expected her to make the request via intercom.
But she was a graceful woman and a pleasure to watch.
Careful, Reilly. That is the CEO’s backside you’re eying.
She returned with a tray containing two mugs with Brannigan’s logo printed on the side and a bowl with packets of sugar, artificial sweeteners, and a container of cream.
“Thank you,” he said, taking one of the mugs. He sipped the dark liquid gratefully.
She added cream to her cup and stirred it. “I’m barely coherent in the morning without a cup of coffee,” she said, sitting in the chair beside his. She crossed her long, slim legs, drawing his attention. “What about you?”
Justin frowned. The question surprised him. It was a personal question that had nothing to do with the trademark case. And Ms. Brannigan was not known for fraternizing with her employees.
As if sensing his discomfort, she said quickly, “It doesn’t matter.” She leaned forward in her chair. “Tell me more about the trial judge.”
They spoke for another hour. Ms. Brannigan glanced several times at the delicate watch on her slim wrist and Justin was certain that at any moment, she’d thank him for his time and ask him to leave. Instead she said, “I’m hungry. Let’s continue this conversation over lunch.”
Again, Justin was surprised, but he tried to keep from showing it. If the CEO wanted to talk with him, it was not his job to wonder why. “All right.”
She rose to her feet. “Would you like to drive or should I?”
“You want to leave the building?”
The corners of her mouth lifted in a fleeting Mona Lisa smile. “The company cafeteria provides excellent food, but sometimes I want to enjoy the fresh air, don’t you?”
He frowned. “It’s raining.”
“Especially when it’s raining. I love the way it smells after a good rain. Everything clean and fresh again.” She opened a closet door and removed a black raincoat. He automatically stepped forward to help her by holding her coat, but she had already slipped it on before noticing his offer. He let his hands drop to his sides wondering if she was annoyed or amused by his attempt at gallantry.
“Besides,” she said clearly, flipping her hair out from under the coat’s collar, “There are a few more matters I wish to discuss with you, and I’d rather do it without an audience.”
“Isn’t your office private?”
“You’d be surprised,” she said lightly.
She spoke briefly to her assistant, then walked with him toward the elevator. The security gate beeped, acknowledging their departure. When the elevator doors slid open, she hesitated for a moment, standing still, not moving forward.
Justin reached out, putting his hand between the doors to keep them from closing completely. The doors touched his hand, then quickly opened again. He asked, “Did you forget something?”
“No.” She stepped into the elevator first, and he followed. They were alone in the little room.
After the doors closed, she said quietly, “I can be claustrophobic, and sometimes elevators bother me. Usually I’m fine.”
He was amazed that she was so open, sharing one of her weaknesses. Everyone knew that Louisa often used the stairs, rather than taking the elevator. He had assumed she did it for the exercise, to keep her excellent figure trim. “And today?” he asked.
“I’ll be fine.”
He noticed, however, that she held herself stiffly and stared intently at the digital screen that displayed lighted numbers as they passed each floor. He briefly admired the elegant curve of her chin and throat.
She asked him to get his coat and to meet her in the parking garage, level one. “There’s no need to give rise to unnecessary gossip, don’t you agree?”
He supposed that there might be gossip if the CEO was seen leaving the building with one of the junior attorneys. If nothing else, it would make people wonder what was going on, just as he wondered. What were the matters she wished to discuss secretly?
There had been rumors for months that Alan Honeycutt wanted to retire as head of the legal department. Personally, Justin thought he was waiting until Cyrus Brannigan died to step down. Was that what Louisa Brannigan wished to discuss with him – a promotion?
Don’t be cocky. She might not offer you the position. For all you know, she’s going to ask your opinion of the person she wants to hire.
But, if she were considering him for the job, that could explain the personal attention she was giving him today. Their conversation could be her way of conducting an informal job interview.
He stopped by the thirty-seventh floor for his coat, told his assistant he wasn’t certain when he was coming back.
“Good for you,” Sharon said. “You need some R and R.”
“I’ll try.” He had a feeling that lunch with Louisa Brannigan would neither be rest nor relaxation.
He met her a few minutes later in the parking garage. The wet October wind whistled past them. She hunched her shoulders and put her hands in her coat pockets. “Your car or mine?” she asked.
That sounded like ‘your place or mine?’, but Justin was certain she wasn’t trying to sound sexually suggestive. He was the one who was misreading her words, giving them meanings she never intended.
What was wrong with him today?
He’d always found Louisa Brannigan to be an attractive woman, but it had been a distant admiration, the way he might admire an actress in a film. Today was the first time he’d talked to her for more than five minutes. And before, all their interactions had been with others present. He’d never received her undivided attention.
Now that he had the opportunity to observe her closely, he found her incredibly attractive and fascinating, in an elusive way. She was an enigma, seemingly cold and practical, but today he saw hints of warmth in her smile and conversation that made him wonder if there was a flesh and blood woman behind the corporate facade.
That worried him. Falling for the boss was professional suicide, and the sooner he quashed his inappropriate emotional and physical reactions, the better. He would need to keep his wits about him today. “You choose.”
“Yours.”
They walked to his sedan. He reached to open the passenger door for her, at the same moment she reached herself. For a moment, their hands touched. Ms. Brannigan jerked her hand back as if burned.
What was that about?
She quickly stepped aside. “Sorry. I’ve gotten out of the habit of waiting for a man to open my doors.”
Her words were gracious, but he sensed an emotional wall being raised between them. Apparently Ms. Brannigan didn’t like to be touched.
“That’s understandable in today’s world,” he said smoothly, trying to diffuse the social tension. “It’s difficult to know what’s expected.” He smiled wryly. “Once a woman actually cussed me out for opening her door.”
“Good manners should never go out of style,” she said as he held the door open for her. She slid inside. “Cyrus would approve.”
He started the car and hastily turned down the volume of the radio. “Sorry. I don’t want to blast you out of the car.”
“That’s okay. I like country and western.” She leaned back against the leather seat.
It felt surreal, having the CEO of Brannigan’s Chocolates sitting next to him, in his car. He asked, “Where would you like to eat?”
“There’s a small sandwich shop on Mockingbird. I’ll give you directions.”
A sandwich shop? If he’d ever thought about it, he would have guessed that she’d choose a trendy French bistro or Thai restaurant. But Louisa Brannigan was a complex woman, difficult to read.
She said little in the car, looking out the windows at the passing traffic, and Justin didn’t want to make small talk. She’d talk when she was ready. He would wait.
At the sandwich shop, they sat in a quiet booth and ordered from a typewritten menu in a plastic sleeve that looked as if it were thirty years old. The prices were written in pencil. “Cyrus used to take me and my brother Frank here when we were little,” she explained. “They make great French fries.”
Justin tried to imagine what she had looked like as a girl. Had she worn her pretty hair in two pony tails?
He knew a little of her family history – most Brannigan’s employees knew something. Cyrus Brannigan, her grandfather, was the company founder. After World War II, he’d moved from Chicago and started his candy company, convinced that wealthy Texas oilmen would appreciate his rich chocolates.
He’d been right. Not only Texas, but much of the world enjoyed his candy. Single-handedly, Cyrus Brannigan built his company into an international organization.
Cyrus had only one child – a son, Louisa’s father. Louisa’s parents had died in a car accident when Louisa was eight and Frank was six. Cyrus raised them both. Unlike Louisa, Frank had little interest in the candy business and was now a promising young neurosurgeon.
Louisa had started working at a Brannigan’s factory when she was fifteen. She’d worked her way up through the company, taking time to go to college and get an MBA from Yale. At twenty-six, she married one of the Vice-Presidents, Brian Pruitt, a charismatic leader that Cyrus had earmarked to be his successor.
But four years later, everything changed. Cyrus celebrated his ninetieth birthday and retired as President. Instead of naming Pruitt his successor, he named Louisa CEO, and within days, Louisa filed for a divorce.
Pruitt took a severance package and was never seen at Brannigan’s again. That had been two and a half years ago. There were still grumblings among employees who had preferred Pruitt, and many people didn’t like Louisa because they felt she wasn’t faithful to all of Cyrus’ traditions.
Justin thought that was nonsense. She was trying to bring Brannigan’s firmly into the twenty first century and increase its share in the marketplace. More importantly, Brannigan’s was a privately held corporation, and as CEO, Louisa didn’t have to answer to anyone, except possibly to Cyrus.
From what he’d heard, the old man was doing poorly. He had heart problems. Rumors were that he had fallen twice in the past year and had gotten a hip replacement.
The waitress brought them their food: a club sandwich for Ms. Brannigan, and a hamburger for him. He took a bite of the crisp, hot French fries, seasoned with a hint of cayenne pepper. They were good.
Louisa sipped her ice water, then said abruptly, “How important is Brannigan’s to you?”
He paused. She was back to business, conducting the interview, and the first question was a potential landmine. He wanted to be honest, but he also wished he could read her mind and know what she was fishing for. “I enjoy my job,” he said simply. “I consider myself a loyal employee. I want Brannigan’s to do well, because if it does well, I do well.” Brannigan’s was famous for its generous yearly employee bonuses based on company performance.
She leaned forward, eyes narrowed. “Let me get more specific. What would it take for another company to hire you away from us?”
“I don’t know. Recently another company tried, and they couldn’t offer enough.”
“Why not?”
He hesitated. “This might sound crazy, but The Champ was my favorite candy bar as a kid. It was my dream to work for Brannigan’s. Of course, back then I hoped to be in quality control, tasting everything.”
She nodded, listening intently. “But then you grew up and went to law school?”
“Yes. After that, I clerked for two years with a federal judge, and I sent Brannigan’s my resume.” He’d considered himself fortunate to be hired.
“How well do you know Cyrus?”
The change of subject did not faze him. “Not well. I’ve heard him speak at meetings over the years, but I’ve never said two words to him. Naturally, I’ve heard the legends.”
“A good number of them are true,” she said, smiling, but then her voice sobered. “He was – is — an amazing man. But he’s dying. He’s on three different heart medications, and the doctors give him at most two years to live, but I think that’s overly optimistic.”
He hadn’t known how bad it was. “That must be difficult for you,” he said gently.
“Personally, yes. But I can’t complain.” He sensed those emotional barriers again. Louisa Brannigan was going to keep her distance. She said calmly, “He’s lived a long, full life, and I’m sure he looks forward to seeing Ginger again.”
It took Justin a moment to remember that Ginger was her grandmother who had died ten years before.
She continued, “My only fear is what is going to happen to Brannigan’s when he goes.”
This was a strange admission for her to make. “Aren’t you and your brother Frank going to inherit?”
“That would be the expected course of events, but Cyrus has never done the expected.”
She was right. During the chocolate pricing wars of the 1970s, Cyrus had increased the size of his candy bars and lowered his prices, stunning the competition and gaining a larger market share.
Justin said, “You think he’ll leave the company to someone else?”
She shrugged. “He’s an old man. Writing new wills is one of his few entertainments these days.”
“But who else would he give the company to? Does he want to donate it to a charity?”
Louisa glanced around the sandwich shop, as if to make certain no one was listening to their conversation, then said quietly, “Let me explain how Brannigan’s is currently owned.” With a pen from her purse, she drew a pie chart on a paper napkin. “Cyrus started the company in 1948 and gave ten percent to his two unmarried sisters. They later married and had children. Their twenty percent is currently divided among their eleven descendants – children and some grandchildren. Cyrus retained his eighty percent intact until my father married. At that point, Cyrus gave him fifteen percent. When my father died, that fifteen percent was given to me and my brother in trust until we reached our maturity.”
She looked up at him, through her thick lashes. She had beautiful blue eyes.
Justin forced himself to pay attention to what she was saying. “So you each own seven and a half percent.”
“Yes. The trouble began when I married.” Her voice tightened. “Cyrus thought the world of Brian and didn’t think a man’s wife should have more money than he did, so he gave him ten percent as a wedding gift.”
Justin gave a low whistle. “Some wedding gift.” With his share of the profits, Brian had a guaranteed income for life. His stock was worth millions.
“At the time, Cyrus was also very angry with Frank for going to medical school instead of joining the family business. Cyrus has mellowed a little in the past few years, but he still feels betrayed.”
“But he has you to follow in his footsteps.”
“Yes, but I’m a woman.” The words were tinged with bitterness.
“I’m beginning to sense a trend here.”
“Yes, Cyrus learned to talk the talk, accepting women in the business world because he had to, but deep in his heart, he thinks every woman needs a man.” She paused, then continued in a mocking tone, “Women can’t make financial and business decisions. They’re too irrational and controlled by their emotions.”
If Cyrus thought that, he didn’t know his granddaughter very well. She was the epitome of cool logic. “But he named you CEO.”
“As a temporary measure, only. He fully expected me to reconcile with Brian.” A muscle in her jaw tightened. “He still wants me to.”
“And will you?”
She met his gaze straight on. “I’d rather eat ground glass.”
That was certainly clear. Justin wondered what Brian had done to earn her fierce dislike. He’d heard vague rumors, but nothing detailed.
“Let me get this straight,” he said calmly. “You’re afraid Cyrus is going to give his fifty-five percent of the company away, and you’ll lose control.”
She nodded. “He’s threatened to give all his relatives — this includes his sisters’ descendants as well as his — an equal share. That’s a thirteen-way split.”
“That doesn’t sound too bad.”
“You don’t know my cousins. None of them have worked a day in their lives, and none of them agree on anything. Did you know that only fifteen percent of family-owned companies survive the death of the founder? The rest are torn apart by family wrangling. So you see, it’s not just my wish for personal power. If my brother and I don’t inherit a majority interest, Brannigan’s will be destroyed. I know that as well as I know the secret recipe for our chocolate.”
He could tell from the emotion in her voice that Brannigan’s was more than a company to her, it was her life-blood. But was she too closely involved to see the matter clearly? Would Cyrus actually risk destroying his own company? That didn’t make sense.
She added, “It’s not just my job I’m worried about. It’s yours, too, and thousands of Brannigan’s employees.”
Justin didn’t want to think of his life without Brannigan’s. He said, “I assume you have a plan?”
She nodded. “I must get married again. If I marry, Cyrus will give up the idea of Brian coming back, and he’ll think I have a man to rely on. That will increase my odds of inheriting.”
He stifled his immediate reaction of “You’re crazy,” and said instead, “That sounds like a long shot.”
“What other choice do I have?”
“Can’t you talk to your grandfather – discuss your fears about what could happen to Brannigan’s once he’s gone?”
“Cyrus doesn’t discuss, he lectures.”
“Doesn’t he recognize the fine work you’ve done as CEO?”
“No. He’s waiting for me to screw up.” She sighed. “I try not to take it personally. He thinks I’m a fine girl, just not –”
“A man,” Justin supplied.
“Exactly.”
They were both silent for a moment, then Justin asked, “What about Frank? Couldn’t he take over – as a figurehead, perhaps, with you running things behind the scenes?”
Louisa shook her head. “He could, but he won’t. He thinks my devotion to Brannigan’s is excessive. ‘There’s more to life than chocolate,’ he says.”
That seemed ungrateful, considering the fact that Brannigan profits had supported him for years, but Justin recognized the sentiment. Kim had said nearly the same thing when they split up the year before. How can I marry you knowing that Brannigan’s will always come first? You don’t have blood in your veins –you have chocolate syrup.
Louisa continued, “Also, Frank would have to quit work as a doctor and dedicate himself to Brannigan’s to prove his loyalty. There’s no time for that, even if he were willing.”
“So you think marriage is the answer.”
“Believe me, if there were any other option, I’d take it.”
It seemed an irrational course of action, but Louisa knew her grandfather better than he. Perhaps getting married would secure her inheritance. Justin chose his words carefully. “Are you dating anyone?”
“No,” she said coolly.
Justin felt like a fool. As a litigator, he should have known that. If she were dating someone, she would have married the man by now to make Cyrus happy. “So what is your plan of action?”
“I need a loyal Brannigan’s employee who can keep his mouth shut. Someone I can trust to marry me, and stay married until Cyrus dies and the dust settles on the inheritance battles.” She answered his unspoken question. “Yes, there will be battles. My cousins are already making noises about Cyrus being mentally incompetent. They’re waiting until the end before actually trying to prove it, though. Just in case –-”
“The will favors them,” Justin guessed.
“That’s right. You’re a lawyer. You understand how they think.”
It wasn’t a compliment. He asked, “And after the inheritance war?”
“I’ll want the man to agree to a quiet divorce.”
Naturally. She wouldn’t want to stay married any longer than absolutely necessary.
Justin considered her plan. She was asking a lot. It would be difficult to find someone who was willing to agree to her terms. What man in his right mind would marry Louisa Brannigan, knowing he’d have to give her up later?
But some men might not find her as personally intriguing as he did. Some men would be motivated solely by the money, and if that were the case, they might be bought off by the cousins.
It was a crazy idea.
Justin thought the potential risks outweighed the potential benefits, but it was not his decision to make. “Do you think Cyrus will be fooled by a fake marriage?”
“It won’t be fake. It will be completely legally binding.”
“That’s not what I meant.”
She shrugged. “I prefer to think of it as a corporate marriage.”
“To save Brannigan’s.”
“Yes. A hundred years ago, people arranged marriages all the time. Why not now?”
“What about Cyrus?”
“He’ll believe what he wants to believe.” She sounded as if she were trying to convince herself.
It was a complicated matter, and Justin now understood why she had wanted to discuss it privately, away from the office. He was surprised she hadn’t consulted Honeycutt, though. As head of the legal department, he knew all of Brannigan’s secrets. He asked, “Do you want me to draw up the necessary legal documents?”
“No. No papers. Just a verbal agreement.”
Justin frowned. “Is that wise?”
“It’s bad enough that I have to arrange a marriage, without all the details floating around in cyberspace. The minute a document gets entered into a computer, printed out, signed or filed the odds of that information getting to Cyrus expands exponentially. I don’t want to be the lead story on Yahoo.”
Justin remembered some of the articles during her divorce. “I understand. Do you want me to help you narrow the field of prospects?”
“No. I’ve already done that, and you’re my number one choice.” She smiled. “I’m asking you to marry me.”

CHAPTER TWO

He should have seen it coming.
The signs had been there: her welcoming smile, getting him coffee, the invitation to lunch, the confidential disclosures. But Justin still felt as if she’d thrown him a curve ball.
“I’m flattered, but there must be someone better suited,” he said eventually. “You don’t know anything about me.”
“Not much,” she agreed. “But I’ve done my research.”
She had the money to hire the best investigation available. She probably knew what brand of toothpaste he used and what side of the bed he slept on.
“You’ve worked for Brannigan’s eleven years, you’re the right age, and you’re loyal.”
Loyal enough to put his life on hold for three years or longer? He must be crazy to even consider the possibility.
But you could have Louisa Brannigan, his traitorous mind argued. He brushed that temptation aside.
“What’s in it for me?” he asked, wanting more time to think. “I assume I’d be paid something.”
She didn’t flinch at his blatant materialism. “Three percent of Brannigan’s outright. Another seven percent if Frank and I inherit a controlling interest. Frank will give me voting rights on his share.”
“Ten percent. Those are generous terms.” Since Brannigan’s was privately held, the company profits were not a matter of public record, but he knew she was offering him millions.
“The same terms Brian got.”
Yes, but as far as he knew, Brian Pruitt had been her real husband, not a pretend one. “You’d be taking a gamble,” he said, playing the devil’s advocate. “What happens if you don’t inherit? You will have given away nearly half your income.”
“If I don’t inherit, my percentage won’t be worth much for long.”
She had a point. “Tell me more about this corporate marriage. What exactly does it include?”
“We’d get married, live together, and act in public like a normal married couple. In private, we’d be more like roommates. Hopefully, we’d learn to get along and not get on each others nerves.”
“What about sex?”
Her face colored pink, but her voice remained steady. “As long as you’re discrete, I don’t care what you do.”
“No, I meant together. Me and you.”
Her eyes widened, as the implications of what he was saying sank in.
That’s right, Louisa, he thought, as the uncomfortable silence between them lengthened. I don’t think I could marry you without wanting full conjugal rights.
“No,” she said finally. “Sleeping with me is not part of the deal.”
He wasn’t surprised. She wanted a marriage of convenience. Her convenience, not his. Could he live with her terms?
Could he marry the Black Widow?
He’d never thought the name appropriate before, but he was beginning to see her differently. She was like a beautiful spider – cold and calculating. If he weren’t careful, he’d be ensnared by her silken web.
But did he want to escape?
Justin said, “I’ll think about it.”

* * *

Neither one of them spoke for the next few minutes. Louisa took a bite of her club sandwich, normally a favorite, yet today it tasted like a paper wrapper. She pushed her French fries around with her fork.
All things considered, the conversation had gone better than she expected. His “I’ll think about it” might be a polite precursor to a “thanks, but no thanks,” but at least he hadn’t leapt at her offer like some money-grubbing gigolo, as she’d feared he might.
If he was as greedy as Brian, at least he had the sense to hide it.
And he hadn’t laughed in her face, either, although she could tell he didn’t think her plan was wise.
If he did ultimately reject her, she hoped he’d have the decency to keep her proposal to himself. She glanced up at him, trying to read his expression, and saw him watching her intently.
She shivered, recalling his “what about sex?” question. She glanced around the restaurant to avoid his direct gaze.
The question shouldn’t surprise her. She knew men were wired differently from women. Sex was physical gratification to them, nothing more. If her marriage to Brian had taught her anything, it was that most men were on the prowl. They’d sleep with any available female. A woman was a fool if she thought otherwise.
“What’s the matter? Is something wrong with your sandwich?”
Startled by the interruption of her thoughts, Louisa looked over at the waitress who seemed concerned by her full plate. “No, I’m not very hungry.”
“Do you want me to box it up for you?”
“No, thank you.” She placed several bills on the table to pay for lunch. “Shall we go?” she asked Justin.
She noticed that he’d cleaned his plate. Apparently his nerves and stomach were unaffected by their conversation. Yet another example of the many differences between men and women. When she was upset, she couldn’t eat, whereas Frank ate all the time, no matter what was happening.
They drove back to the office without talking, the silence broken only by the rhythmic slap of the windshield wipers and the occasional crash of thunder. Louisa stared out the windows at the darkened sky, hoping that the gray clouds weren’t an omen foretelling Brannigan’s future.
“How soon will you let me know your decision?” she asked when he opened the passenger door for her.
“By Monday.”
Fair enough. She’d been thinking about marriage for several weeks — the least she could do was give him a few days. “I need to know quickly, because if you don’t want to marry me, I’ll –”
“Go to the next man on your list. I understand.”
She didn’t correct him. Let him think she had a list. It wouldn’t change the reality of her situation, but it salvaged a little pride. Not that she had much pride left, after lunch. It had been embarrassing to parade her dysfunctional family’s dirty laundry, and to bribe him to marry her, but if that’s what it took to save Brannigan’s, so be it.
Besides, if Justin knew he was her only choice, he might bargain for more money or greater control of the company.
Louisa glanced at him briefly, thoughtfully. He was a handsome man. Women probably threw themselves at him all the time. Marrying her, even if it was for only a few years, would drastically change his life. She hoped he’d find the money worth his sacrifice. She said, “My investigator said you weren’t currently involved with anyone.”
“No.”
She could tell from the tight note in his voice that he didn’t want to talk about it. She had the feeling that everything she said was reducing her chances of success, so she decided to be quiet.
She followed him into the building and into the elevator. He pushed the button for the thirty-seventh floor and she pushed the button for the fortieth.
The elevator started its gradual climb. She stared at the numbers on the control panel and took a deep breath. I’m okay. There’s no need to panic. In a minute or so, the doors will open again, and I’ll be able to step out.
Suddenly, the elevator lurched to a halt, briefly upsetting her balance, and the lights went out.
“What happened?” she gasped, then answered her own question. “The electricity must have gone out.”
“The storm,” Justin murmured, then said, “Is there some sort of back-up power?”
She saw that the control panel by the doors was lit with a faint light. There were also a few lights above, and a ring around the elevator floor. They looked like faint Christmas lights. They provided enough light that she could see Justin in the shadows, but little else. At least it wasn’t completely dark. That would have been much worse.
She pushed the red emergency button, but the elevator doors did not open.
“We must be between floors,” Justin said.
Count to ten, Louisa told herself, as she felt her heart begin to race. Don’t panic.
Too late. Her head pounded and she couldn’t breathe. Why today? Why now, in front of him?
Her legs felt weak, so she sank down to the floor so she wouldn’t fall down. That would be even more humiliating — if she fainted. She hugged her knees to her chest. Breathe, she thought. Remember the visualization exercises the psychiatrist taught you.
“Are you all right?”
She wanted to laugh at his absurd question, but couldn’t. She shook her head. She gasped, “I’ll be fine.”
Justin said, “The power should come back on soon.”
She knew he was trying to be helpful, but all the kind words in the world wouldn’t help her. The walls were closing in.
She clenched her teeth and closed her eyes. She started to shake.
Suddenly Justin knelt on the floor beside her. He put his arms around her and drew her in close against him. She flinched. “You don’t –” She started to say, ‘you don’t have to’, but couldn’t get the words out.
He was warm and strong and silent. Someone to cling to. She pressed her face against his chest, breathing in the spicy masculine scent of him. Breathe slow, she thought, and shuddered when she felt his comforting hand smoothing her hair.
Please don’t say anything, Louisa thought desperately, and miraculously, he didn’t. She didn’t want his pity.
After a few minutes, he shifted as if he was going to let go of her. She clutched at his shirt. “Don’t,” she gasped.
“Shh, don’t worry. I’m here.”
His words were low and comforting. She hadn’t noticed before what a smooth voice he had. You can trust me, it seemed to say. No wonder he worked miracles in the courtroom.
But they weren’t in the courtroom. They were in a tiny box, in the dark, and she couldn’t breathe. What if no one found them? What if they were buried alive?
Don’t think about it. Don’t pay attention to anything but your breathing, slow and steady. She felt his arms around her. The warmth of his arms seemed to calm her, give her strength.
How long she stayed like that, wrapped in the cocoon of his embrace, she didn’t know.
Gradually, her breathing slowed, and her shaking subsided to an occasional tremor.
Eventually the overhead lights came back on.
Louisa blinked, relieved.
Justin held her for another moment, until she consciously made herself unclench her fingers and release her grasp on him. He stood and stretched his legs. “Are you all right?” he asked calmly.
Louisa nodded, unable to speak. She swallowed down the bitter wave of nausea that often accompanied her panic attacks. Please God, she thought. Don’t let me vomit.
He held out his hand and helped her to her feet. She hastily brushed her clothes with her hands to remove the worst of the wrinkles and straightened her coat. She glanced at her reflection in the polished metal wall. She looked terrible with her hair a mess and her face deathly pale.
Justin didn’t look much better. In her distress, she had untucked and crumpled his broadcloth shirt and completely mangled his Italian silk tie, twisting it into a rope.
Her stomach felt like a stone. So much for her plans. He wouldn’t marry her now. Who would marry a basket case who couldn’t even ride in an elevator without hyperventilating? Her irrational fears had ruined everything.
She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. When she spoke, her voice was flat, emotionless. “I’m sorry about your clothes. Send me a bill.”
“I don’t mind.”
“I ruined your tie.”
He tucked his shirt back into his pants, and loosened the knot of his tie. He pulled it off over his head and stuffed it in the pocket of his coat. “It doesn’t matter. I have a spare in my office.”
“But it looks –” She hesitated.
He completed her sentence for her, “—like we had a little orgy in here while the lights were out?” He smiled wryly. “So much the better.”
Louisa frowned with distaste. Was Justin the kind of man who boasted of his sexual conquests? If so, she was better off without him. She’d find another way to save Brannigan’s.
He continued, “If they think we can’t keep our hands off each other, then it will make everything easier.”
“What are you talking about?” she snapped, irritated. All she wanted to do was to get back to the peace and safety of her own office. Alone. She just hoped her shaking legs wouldn’t give out before she reached the door.
“You want people to think we care about each other, don’t you? You don’t want people to know you hired me to fool Cyrus for a few years.”
“Of course not.” His words took a moment to register. Did he mean what she thought he did? She was afraid to hope. “Then you’ll do it?”
“Yes, I’ll marry you.”

* * *

The next day, Louisa summoned Justin to her office again. “Twice in one week?” Alan Honeycutt said, when he saw him in the hall. “Is there anything I need to know?”
Justin said, “No. She wants to talk about the trial.” He and Louisa had decided yesterday that there would be no announcement of an engagement until he met with Cyrus and gained his approval.
Her assistant, a thickset woman with glasses and frizzy hair, told him he could walk right in.
What a difference a day makes, Justin thought wryly, as he pulled the large door open and stepped inside her office.
Louisa stood by a cart with two other employees. She wore black again, this time a long sleeved knit dress with a high neck. But if she thought it masked her femininity, she was mistaken, for the soft fabric emphasized the curve of breast and hip. He liked the way she had her hair pulled up, exposing the delicate line of her neck. She smiled as she saw him. “Justin,” she said clearly. “Come tell me what you think of this.”
She stood, strong and capable, back in complete control of herself. It would be difficult for anyone seeing her today to believe that she had ever clung to him in the dark. He wondered if she would mention it again, or if that was a taboo subject between them. Was he supposed to act as if it had never happened?
That would be impossible, for it had been a defining moment. For those few minutes, she had needed him, more than anyone had ever needed him before, and it changed something inside him. That was when he knew he’d marry her, whatever the risk.
“Justin?” she prompted, bringing him back to the present.
He looked where she was pointing. On the cart were several rectangular clear plastic boxes, each containing three round chocolates wrapped in bright green foil. “Green rather than red?” he asked. Most of Brannigan’s wrapped candies were encased in red or gold foil.
She nodded. “It’s a sample of a new product we’re testing. They’re going to be called Brannigan’s Treasures. I want your opinion.”
He smiled with pleasure. She’d been listening yesterday when he said he’d dreamed of being a taste tester. Justin picked up one of the boxes. “Not too light. Nice presentation,” he said, admiring the elegant design. He opened the box and took out one of the candies.
The foil crinkled as he unwrapped it. The chocolate was firm and embossed with the ornate script ‘B’ that was part of Brannigan’s logo. He took a bite and was pleasantly surprised by the gooey mint filling. He popped the rest of the candy into his mouth, chewed and swallowed.
The two other employees watched him expectantly.
“Good,” he said finally.
“The center’s not too runny?” Louisa asked.
“No, it seems just right to me.”
“We needed something that people could eat on the run without spilling it all over themselves,” Louisa explained. “Earlier versions were too runny, too sweet, and the chocolate shell wasn’t thick enough.” She unwrapped one of the candies and put it in her mouth. She chewed several times, rolling the chocolate around in her mouth, then spit it daintily back into a paper napkin. She smiled. “Excellent.”
At Justin’s look of surprise, she said reasonably, “I can’t eat everything I taste.”
“Like a wine taster.”
“Precisely.” She turned to the two employees. “It’s a go,” she said briskly. Justin remembered that before she was CEO she had been the Vice President of Product Development. “Start with limited testing in the Mid-west, and let me know how the numbers look.”
The two employees gathered up the samples and left the office.
“That’s the best part of this job,” she said, sitting gracefully on one of the chairs and motioning for him to join her.
He sat, facing her, wondering at her self-discipline. Was she never tempted to let go and enjoy life?
She said briskly, “I called Cyrus and told him that I was bringing you to lunch tomorrow. I could tell he was intrigued.”
Justin had learned yesterday that she and Frank ate lunch with Cyrus at his Highland Park condominium every Friday afternoon. “Good.”
“He wants to know if you play backgammon.”
“I can. Should I let him win?”
“Absolutely not. That’s one of the quickest ways to get on his bad side. He’d rather lose a good battle than be handed an easy victory.”
“I hope I make an adequate opponent.”
“I have no doubt of that.” She added, “Just to be on the safe side, I thought we should discuss our story, so it will match. I don’t want to tell Cyrus I’ve been seeing you for a year and have you say six months. So when did we meet?”
“The first time I spoke to you was at a company picnic. You were handing out the prizes to the winning baseball team.”
She frowned. “When was that?”
He could tell that the event had made no impression on her. “Five years ago.”
“No, that won’t do. I was married then.”
He remembered Brian standing close to her with a territorial air. “That rules out Cyrus’ ninetieth birthday party, too.”
A fleeting emotion flickered in her eyes. “As a matter of fact, I missed that,” she said flatly, and he wondered what the story was, but sensed that this was not a good time to ask.
Louisa said, “What about the sales bash last year in San Diego?”
He shook his head. “I was in trial.” He leaned forward. “Why don’t we keep it simple, and just say we met in an elevator and started talking?”
Her eyes darkened with annoyance at his reference to her panic attack. She lifted her chin. “That would work,” she said coolly. “And let’s make it nine months ago – late January. We hit it off, liked each other, and started dating, but both of us kept a low profile at the office to keep the rumors down.”
“No one needs to know exactly how often we met, or where.”
“Right. And now, we’ve decided to get married.”
“Why?”
She seemed startled by the question. “The usual reasons, I suppose.”
“We’re madly in love with each other?”
“There’s no need to be sarcastic,” she said sharply. “All you have to do is act as if you find me attractive. Put your arm around me now and then and smile. Cyrus knows I’m not one for public displays of affection, so he won’t be expecting anything more.”
That certainly put him in his place. “When are we going to get married?”
“As soon as possible. We’ll have a quiet ceremony at Cyrus’ condo, if he agrees. He doesn’t travel well, and that would be easiest for him.”
“Where are we going to live?”
“You can move into my condo after the wedding. It’s big enough, and there’s no reason to buy a house.”
“Not for a temporary arrangement.”
“Exactly.” She walked over to her desk and removed several sheets of paper from a drawer. She handed it to him. “You should find this helpful.”
He glanced at the paper. It listed all her vital statistics, names of friends and relatives with brief descriptions of their hobbies, likes and dislikes. “How efficient,” he murmured, thinking that it was also rather cold-blooded. Once he committed the information to memory, would she administer a written test?
“It will save time,” she agreed smoothly. “I’d appreciate the same sort of information from you, too, before noon tomorrow.”
It was worded as a request, but her tone of voice made it a command. Remember, even when you marry her, she will still be the boss. “I’m surprised your investigation didn’t unearth everything you needed to know.”
She took his words at face value. “I know a few things about you, but I want to know what you think is important, too.”
He smiled. “I’m not complicated. When I was a kid, I loved two things: baseball and chocolate. And I haven’t changed.”
She nodded. “That’s a good beginning, but I will still need the rest of your information.”
Her voice was polite, but she didn’t smile. I must be absolutely crazy to go through with this, he thought. Louisa was going to keep their relationship as distant and businesslike as possible.
He flipped through the pages, skimming her information. “You’ve forgotten something.”
She raised one eyebrow. “I beg your pardon?”
He motioned to her dress. “Why all the black? Do you belong to a cult, have a secret death wish, or what?”
His question took her totally by surprise. She laughed out loud, making her look younger, carefree, even lovelier than before. Justin smiled, glad that he had finally gotten an emotional response. She should laugh more often. If he did marry her, that would be one of his goals. He’d like to see her loosen up and enjoy life.
“Nothing so dramatic, I’m afraid,” Louisa said finally. “Black is easy. It goes with everything, and it’s always appropriate.”
Efficient to the core, he thought. “Are you going to wear black to the wedding?”
“With a large ruby in my navel? I think not.” She smiled wryly. “I know what they call me. The Black Widow.”
“Does it bother you?”
“Not particularly. Being CEO isn’t a popularity contest. It’s my job to make Brannigan’s the best it can be. If the yearly bonuses are good, they’ll like me well enough.”

* * *

Louisa straightened her shoulders as she walked up the landscaped path to Cyrus’ high rise condominium. She didn’t know why she was so nervous. She and Justin had reviewed their relevant information over the telephone. All she had to do now was show up and act natural.
Act natural. That was the hard part. Cyrus might be getting older, but his mind was still sharp, and little got by him. One false note from either of them, and he’d know something was fishy.
“You look nice,” Justin said quietly, as the doorman held the outside door for them.
She tugged on the sleeve of her red wool jacket. “You see I took your words to heart and wore something other than black today.”
He nodded, appreciatively, glancing briefly at her legs below the hem of her suit skirt.
Louisa shivered. He looked at her as if she were one of Brannigan’s premiere chocolates that he’d like to unwrap.
Which was an absurd analogy. He was merely being attentive, playing the part of her fiancé. But ever since he’d mentioned sex the other day, she kept thinking about it. Which was foolishness. She’d told him she wouldn’t sleep with him, and he’d accepted her terms. End of story.
It was ridiculous to worry about it.
Although she was the president of a billion dollar company, she was underneath that, a very average woman. There was nothing particularly special about her. She was not breathtakingly beautiful or a sexy femme fatale, capable of driving men crazy. If Justin couldn’t sleep with her, he’d find it no great loss.
“How are you feeling today?” he asked, and she knew what he was referring to.
“No problems,” she said calmly, wanting to put the entire episode behind her.
She was still embarrassed by the way she had clutched him in the elevator, but she hadn’t been thinking clearly, and therefore, she could not be held totally responsible for her actions. It had been a momentary lapse of judgment and she would take care that it didn’t happen again.
She said clearly, “I told you before, I’m only a little claustrophobic. You happened to see me at my worst, that’s all. If the power hadn’t gone out, I wouldn’t have panicked.”
“Have you always had a fear of small spaces?”
The elevator doors opened and she stepped in, determined to keep her cool. “When I was four, Frank accidentally locked me in a toy chest. I was scared and passed out. I wasn’t found for several hours.”
“Who was taking care of you?”
“A nanny. She was watching TV. She thought I was down for a nap. She was fired, of course.”
“Did you have a lot of nannies?”
“Several. My father was rarely home. He was busy flying all over, putting out fires for Brannigan’s. And my mother was busy with her charity work.” She sensed his sympathy, and her hackles rose. “But don’t think I was some poor little rich girl. I knew they loved me, and after they died, I was raised quite happily by my Grandma Ginger. I had a very happy childhood.”
“I never thought you didn’t.”
The doors opened and she stepped out into the corridor that led to Cyrus’ condo. She knocked on the door and Daniel opened the door. “Miss Louisa,” he said pleasantly. “Come in. Cyrus is expecting you.”

* * *

Justin saw that Cyrus was thinner than his recent publicity pictures, and he sat in a chair, not standing to greet them. Justin wondered if he normally needed a wheelchair and was too proud to sit in one when company came. Cyrus still created a commanding presence, though, with his thick white hair and hawk-like features. His blue eyes, similar to Louisa’s, gleamed with intelligence. “So who’s this young man you’ve brought today?” he demanded, after Louisa bent down to kiss his cheek.
“His name’s Justin Reilly, and he’s very special to me,” she said carefully.
Her voice cracked, whether from the strain of lying, or excellent acting, Justin couldn’t tell.
“Was Reilly once O’Reilly?”
Justin spoke. “Yes, sir. A few generations back.”
Cyrus nodded his approval. “What do you do for a living, Mr. Reilly?”
“I’m one of Brannigan’s attorneys.”
Cyrus turned to Louisa. “Is he any good?”
“Yes. He recently won a trademark infringement case in Italy. He’s going to replace Honeycutt when he retires.”
Justin wondered if this was a true promotion, or just something she said to make Cyrus accept him. Cyrus held out his hand to shake Justin’s. “Glad to make your acquaintance.” His eyes narrowed. “Where’s Frank?”
Louisa stiffened. “He’s on his way.”
Cyrus snorted. “He’s late, as usual. I don’t know why it’s so difficult for him to show up on time.”
Louisa said, “Surgeries often take longer than expected.”
“Not every week. He does it purposefully, to annoy me,” Cyrus explained to Justin. “It’s his way of proving his independence. Making me wait. Delaying my lunch.”
Justin glanced at Louisa, who held her lips in a firm line, unwilling to comment.
“Then why wait?” Justin asked reasonably. “Start without him.”
Louisa’s eyebrows rose.
Cyrus laughed. “I like you,” he said bluntly. “You’re absolutely right. We’ll start now.” He motioned for Daniel who stood silently in the doorway. “Louisa,” he barked. “Go show Justin my pictures.”
They both walked over to the library as Daniel closed a sliding door behind them. Louisa walked up to a wall of framed photographs that showed Cyrus standing with various dignitaries and celebrities. “Be impressed,” she said, then as Justin obediently surveyed the photographs, she added in a whisper, “Cyrus doesn’t get around easily. Daniel will get him settled at the table, and in a few minutes, we’ll be asked to join him.”
The doorbell rang, and Louisa answered the door. From the family resemblance, Justin could tell it was Frank. He was taller than Louisa, but also slim, with a wiry strength and an engaging smile. “I’m not too late, am I?” he asked.
Louisa said coolly, “Five minutes earlier would have made a world of difference.”
“Should I go back outside and make it ten?” he joked, then dutifully kissed her cheek in greeting. “You worry too much.”
He saw Justin and held out his hand. “Louisa’s told me all about you. Welcome to the family.” He had a firm handshake.
Louisa hissed, “Keep it down. I haven’t told Cyrus, yet.”
“Are you sure you want to join the Brannigan’s?” Frank continued. “We’re a neurotic bunch, but we’re rich.”
Justin smiled.
Daniel opened the sliding door. “Lunch is ready,” he announced, then noticed Frank. “Ah Mr. Frank, let me take your coat.”
“I’ll hang it up myself,” Frank said.
Justin stepped aside and waited, letting Louisa walk ahead of them. He lowered his voice to keep his words out of her earshot. “What do you think of your sister’s plans to marry? Do you think it’s necessary?”
Frank shrugged. “I gave up giving Louisa advice years ago. She’s a big girl and she does what she wants.” He hung his coat in a hall closet and closed the door. “But I will say one thing –-”
Justin’s gaze met his.
“Hurt her, and I’ll do everything in my power to hurt you.”
For a moment, Justin silently took his measure. “Point taken.”

CHAPTER THREE

Lunch was spinach salad, followed by prime rib and baked potatoes. Cyrus loaded his potato with butter and sour cream. “Save a little for the rest of us,” Frank teased.
Cyrus bristled. “I’m ninety-two years old. I’m going to eat whatever I damn well please.”
“Yes sir, but I’d like you to live to ninety-three, if possible.”
“Fine words from a man who doesn’t care enough to show up on time.”
Louisa glanced at Justin to see his reaction to this spirited interaction, but he was eating his lunch, apparently undisturbed by the underlying tension.
Frank didn’t rise to the bait, merely smiled and continued eating, so Cyrus turned to Louisa. “I’ve been reading the third quarter reports. Overseas sales are down again. What the hell is going on?”
Louisa steadied herself. Their weekly meals often took the form of interrogations, but she was accustomed to it. Cyrus had lived and breathed Brannigan’s, with no outside interests for nearly seventy years — she didn’t expect him to stop that merely because he had retired. “Our competition has increased their marketing, particularly in Russia and China. They’re doing tie-ins with movies and fast food companies.”
“Brannigan’s doesn’t ride anyone’s coattails.”
“No, but it’s a way to increase sales.”
Cyrus considered this information for a moment, then said, “I also hear you’re reorganizing production on the east coast.”
Louisa put her fork down. She didn’t know which of her Vice Presidents kept Cyrus informed — perhaps they all did — but she often felt as if he knew more than she did. “We’re considering it. We have too much downtime when we shift between the various product lines. If we consolidate production –”
“Shipping costs will be astronomical.”
“My research shows otherwise, and I think –-”
“I don’t want warehouses full of stale candy.”
She wished he’d let her finish her sentence. “I don’t want that either, but –-”
“What do you think, Justin?”
Here it is, Louisa thought. She hadn’t even announced their engagement and already Cyrus wanted Justin’s opinion, in preference to her own.
Justin said, “Knowing Louisa as I do –” He smiled at her briefly across the table, “I trust her research. She doesn’t make decisions rashly.”
Other than the decision to marry you?
Cyrus’ eyes narrowed, as if he wasn’t sure what to think of Justin’s verbal defense of Louisa. He ate for a few minutes in silence, then signaled Daniel to bring the dessert.
Louisa glanced at Justin and mouthed the word ‘thanks.’
Her grandfather noticed the communication. He waved his fork at them. “That’s enough of that — I don’t want any secret messages at the table. You can get lovey-dovey on your own time.”
Louisa cleared her throat. “Speaking of that, I have an announcement to make. Justin and I have decided to get married, and we’d like your blessing.”
Cyrus nodded. “It’s about time you married again. A woman needs a man. I would have preferred Brian, –”
She stiffened.
“But we can’t always get what we want,” he said philosophically. Then, as if belatedly realizing how tactless that sounded, he added pleasantly, “Justin, I don’t have anything against you personally, and I hope to get to know you better soon.”
Justin did not act offended. “Thank you. I’ll try to make your granddaughter happy.”
“Do you love her?”
“She means everything to me.”
Louisa shot him a warning glance. Careful, — don’t go overboard with sentimentality.
“When are you going to get married?”
“As soon as possible.”
Cyrus laughed. “Good for you. I don’t approve of long engagements. Get a ring on her finger and take her to bed. The sooner I have more great-grandchildren, the better.”
“Grandfather!”
“It’s true,” Cyrus said. “You’re not getting any younger. You don’t have many child-bearing years left.”
She bit her lip, reminded of similar conversations they had when she was married to Brian. “I don’t think you’ll be satisfied until I have an even dozen.”
“You don’t need to have twelve. Five or six would be ample.”
“See what I have to put up with?” she demanded, inwardly mortified. She had wanted Justin to meet her family, but both Cyrus and Frank seemed determined to display themselves in the worst possible light. Her brother was flippant and her grandfather was overbearing. A smart man would seriously reconsider joining himself to this family, even temporarily. But if she treated it all as a joke, perhaps it wouldn’t be so embarrassing.
She turned to her grandfather. “Why don’t you pester Frank – what about his obligation to build your dynasty?”
“I’m already doing my part,” Frank protested. To Justin, he said, “I have one daughter and we’re expecting another.”
“Girls,” Cyrus dismissed. “Girls are fine, but you need sons. You need someone to carry on the family name. Don’t you agree, Justin?”
Justin eyed them all with amusement. “Sons are good, but so are daughters,” he said wisely, refusing to take sides.
“You want children, then,” Cyrus persisted.
“That’s enough,” Louisa said suddenly irritated past endurance. She rose to her feet. “Grandfather, Justin and I have to get back to work.”
“Aren’t you going to finish your peach cobbler?”
“We don’t have time,” Louisa said firmly, glancing at her watch. “Meetings.”
Cyrus nodded. That was an excuse he’d accept. Brannigan’s came before family obligations every time.
She said, “I promise to bring him by another day so you can play backgammon.”
“I look forward to that, Justin,” Cyrus said.

* * *

On the drive back to the office, Louisa complimented Justin. “You did well today.”
“You sound surprised.”
“No, I’m pleased. You’re a better actor than I’d anticipated. And that was quick thinking, side-stepping the question of whether you loved me.”
“It’s what he wanted to hear.”
“I know. But while you were talking, I realized how uncomfortable I am with suborning perjury.”
Justin didn’t seem concerned. He drove the car smoothly, hands resting on the steering wheel. “Technically, it wasn’t perjury.”
“Why? Because you weren’t under oath?” Louisa rolled her eyes. “Remind me to bring a bible the next time I want to know the whole truth and nothing but the truth from you.”
Justin glanced at her, then back at the road ahead. “I thought you were trying to avoid the truth. If you wanted complete honesty, you’d ask Cyrus to leave the controlling shares of Brannigan’s to you and Frank, and not go through this charade.”
Louisa bristled. He was right, but she didn’t like to admit it. Her plan, which had seemed so simple on paper, was much more complicated in real life. She didn’t like misleading her grandfather. “Whose side are you on, anyway?”
“My own. And since your plan benefits me as well, I’m in.”
That had the ring of honesty, but it didn’t make her feel any better. “But you don’t think it will be successful.”
“As I said before, I think it’s a long shot. But having met Cyrus now, I understand your motives. Your grandfather is a loose cannon. He could leave the shares to anyone — even Daniel.”
“I hadn’t thought of that.”
Justin laughed. “Don’t start plotting against him, too.”
“You make me sound like Machiavelli.”
“Perhaps. But underneath it all, you both want what is best for Brannigan’s. I believe that if your grandfather saw you as you really are, a brilliant, capable businesswoman, he’d be proud to leave Brannigan’s in your hands.”
His words cut through to her heart. Did he mean that? It had been so long since anyone had complimented her on her work, it was difficult to accept. “Watch it,” Louisa said lightly. “You’ll turn my head with all that flattery.”
“I doubt it.” Justin drove his sedan into the parking garage and turned off the engine. He turned to face her, placing his arm on the back of her seat. “I’m serious. I think you’re Brannigan’s best hope of success, and I’ll do whatever I can to help you.”
She wanted to trust him. “I appreciate that.”
“But?” he prompted.
“What?”
“I sense that you have reservations.”
He was observant. She remembered something one of his co-workers had said in the investigator’s report.
Don’t let the good looks and friendly persona fool you. He’s a superb strategist, always thinking several moves ahead.
She’d have to guard her thoughts and feelings more carefully, or she’d have no secrets left. “I’m not as good of an actor as you are. It’s difficult to pretend in front of Cyrus.”
“Cyrus wants you to get married again, right?”
“Yes.”
“So you’re only doing what he wants, to make him happy.”
That’s what she’d told herself, to justify her actions.
He continued, “You need to remember that marriage — any marriage — is a private contract between two people. Just you and me. Why we choose to make that commitment, and the specifics of that commitment are no one’s business but our own.”
He made it sound so logical. “I agree.”
“However, if you change your mind or get cold feet, feel free to back out at any time.”
Louisa looked into his warm brown eyes. Was that what he wanted? Was he getting cold feet? “I’m not going to change my mind.”
“Good.” He leaned forward and kissed her briefly on the lips.
Louisa instantly pulled back, stunned. “What was that for?” she demanded.
He smiled wryly. “I don’t know. It seemed like a good idea at the time.”
“Well, it’s not a good idea –”
“Careful, Louisa, Vice President approaching at ten o’clock,” he said quickly. “No, don’t look.”
His warning came too late. She had already spun around in her seat and saw Benson, Vice President in charge of Sales, staring at them in astonishment. Then, noticing her staring back at him, Benson looked away and hurried into the building.
She leaned back against the leather seat and groaned. “Now everyone will be talking.”
“We can’t avoid it. The minute we announce our engagement, everyone will be talking.”
“I realize that, but we didn’t have to give Benson such a juicy story — you and me making out in the parking garage.”
Justin’s eyes glinted. “We obviously have different definitions of what constitutes ‘making out.’”
She held up her hand. “Don’t argue semantics with me. You know as well as I how rumors escalate.” She tried to calm herself and approach the problem rationally. “Perhaps you were merely doing what you thought was reasonable fiancé behavior,” she said, determined to give him the benefit of the doubt, “but I should have made myself clear earlier. I don’t want any kissing.”
He leaned closer. “You don’t like it?”
Louisa had sudden sympathy for the witnesses he grilled on the witness stand. She sank farther back into the passenger seat. She hardly knew whether she liked it or not — it had happened so quickly. Not that she was going to let him kiss her again so she could decide properly. “I don’t like being pounced on.”
“No sudden moves.”
“Correct.”
“So I should warn you before I kiss you?”
“Yes — I mean — no.” He was much too close.
“Should I ask permission?”
“No.”
“Good, that could get old, really quick.” The corner of his mouth lifted in the beginning of a smile.
“No,” she said firmly. She knew he was teasing her, but she wanted to nip this conversation before it blossomed into a disaster. “You are purposefully not understanding me. I don’t want any kisses. Ever.”
She knew she was overreacting. She sounded like an uptight Victorian, but she didn’t want any misunderstandings between them. She wanted to marry Justin, but she wanted him to keep his distance — physically and emotionally. She wanted to keep the boundaries of their future relationship very clear.
“What do you want me to do when the minister says, ‘you may kiss the bride’?”
She hadn’t thought of that. “That’s different,” she faltered. “That would be fine – it would look strange otherwise, and Cyrus would notice, but no kissing at the office.”
“Which includes the parking garage.”
“Yes.”
Justin nodded. “Understood. No kissing at the office.” His tone was matter-of-fact, but was there an amused gleam in his eye? He pulled back, exited the car and walked around to her side. He calmly held the door open.
That was it? End of discussion? For a moment, Louisa feared he would say something more, but was grateful when he didn’t.
She was glad they understood each other.

* * *

When they got inside the building, Louisa hesitated at the elevator doors. “You can go first.” she said. “I’ll wait and go up later.”
“There’s no need for us to pretend we aren’t seeing each other,” Justin said and held the doors open for her. “Aren’t we engaged now?”
Louisa’s eyes flashed with annoyance, and Justin felt a corresponding frisson of physical attraction. She was beautiful.
“Or we can both take the stairs,” he suggested.
She stepped into the elevator and glared at him. He knew he was baiting her, but he felt exhilarated, and savored her emotional reaction. He’d rather have her slightly annoyed with him than have her put up her emotional barriers and completely ignore him.
Was that why he’d kissed her?
He smiled, remembering. It had been brief, but for a second his lips had been against hers.
He wished it could have been longer.
He’d been throwing out a pitch, seeing how she’d react.
Overall, it was better than he expected. He’d run the risk of her cancelling the wedding completely, but fortunately, she was still willing to tie the knot. He was still in the game.
They were both silent as the elevator rose. He closed his eyes for a few seconds, recalling the way she’d clung to him in the dark and pulled at his shirt the day she proposed. He often remembered it when he was in the elevator. He didn’t want her to be scared again, but hoped sometime they could repeat the experience, in more favorable circumstances.
Justin cleared his throat and loosened his tie. “Do you want me to buy you an engagement ring?” Another pitch.
Louisa’s voice was cool. “I’ll buy my own rings.”
Justin smiled. A base hit never worried him. It meant she was still swinging.

* * *

Louisa sat at her desk, trying to focus on sales figures, but the numbers seemed to swim before her yes.
Justin Reilly. He wouldn’t stay neatly in his box.
He was pleasant, he was polite, but he was a living, breathing, human being. She couldn’t program him like a robot. As today had proven, he was unpredictable.
The kiss had rattled her. Not the kiss itself, but what it meant. The implications.
How could she marry Justin, let him live with her for three years, possibly more? He’d be in her house, always around. She shuddered. What if he chose to take advantage of the situation?
He seemed nice enough, but then, Brian had also seemed nice.
She thought of Cyrus. How could she not marry Justin? If she backed out of the wedding now, there was no way Cyrus would let her inherit. He’d think she was flighty and foolish.
Louisa took a deep breath. Remember Brannigan’s.
Justin was a risk, but this time she’d be prepared. If worse came to worst, she’d hire a full time bodyguard and say he was her butler.

* * *

Justin was drafting a legal memo when Alan Honeycutt stormed into his office and shut the door behind him. Alan was average height, but large, built like a linebacker. Age had stooped his shoulders slightly, but hadn’t reduced his fierceness. “What’s this I hear about your marrying Louisa Brannigan?” he demanded.
“It’s true. We’re getting married in a week and a half.” Louisa’s personal assistant Michelle was currently making all the arrangements for a small ceremony with less than twenty guests at Cyrus’ condominium. Justin’s mother, his sister Hilary and her husband were flying out the day before.
Justin motioned for Honeycutt to sit down. “Have a seat.”
Honeycutt sat and glared at him across his desk. “I don’t like it.”
“Why not?” He and his supervisor were not best of friends, but Justin had always thought Honeycutt liked and respected him.
“You should have a prenuptial agreement.”
Justin relaxed. That was a reasonable objection, but he couldn’t justify his actions. Louisa had made it clear that only Frank could know the complete details of their arrangement.
As she said, Honeycutt is loyal, but his loyalty is to Cyrus first and Brannigan’s second. I’m a distant third.
Justin thought she was exaggerating Honeycutt’s priorities, but he understood the risk of disclosure — any disclosure — and had agreed to keep their true relationship secret. He said truthfully, “Louisa doesn’t want one.”
Honeycutt made a rude noise. “Then she’s a fool. If you were an honorable man, you would insist upon it. Without a pre-nup, you look like a fortune hunter.”
The words stung, but Honeycutt was only saying what everyone else would think. Get used to it, Justin told himself. You can’t marry a wealthy woman without people talking, imagining the worst.
Honeycutt continued, “What’s going to happen to Brannigan’s if you get a divorce?”
He must have heard rumors about Louisa giving him stock.
Justin paused. Perhaps Louisa was right. Honeycutt did seem more concerned about the company than her personal happiness. But that was his job. Justin chose his words carefully. “I intend to stay married, but if we do divorce, I promise I won’t do anything to harm Louisa or Brannigan’s.”
Honeycutt was not convinced. “Ten years from now, you will have forgotten your good intentions.”
“You’re a cynic.”
“A realist. Money changes people. It ruined Pruitt.”
Justin wanted to hear more about this. He leaned forward. “How?”
Honeycutt shrugged, remembering. “He wasn’t that bad to begin with. He was arrogant, vain, and couldn’t keep his pants on, but he was a good business man. He would have made a fine CEO.”
Brian Pruitt sounded like a bastard. The man must have been an idiot to cheat on Louisa, not appreciating what he had. Justin asked, “What happened?”
“He got greedy. He wanted it all. He got impatient with having to wait for Cyrus to step down. He was too clever to show that, so he took it out on Louisa.”
The implication of what he was saying chilled Justin. “Are you saying he hit her?”
“I assume so. She had that look about her — jumpy. And for a few months, she wore her clothes high around the neck and with long sleeves. Heavier make-up. I don’t know all the details. The divorce decree was sealed, and she got a protective order. That’s when we installed security gates on every floor. Pruitt’s not allowed within half a mile of the office or her home.”
Justin clenched his hands, alarmed at the anger that rushed through him. The thought of Louisa being hurt made him see red. But it made sense – her not liking to be touched and Frank’s protectiveness. “Did Cyrus know?”
“I don’t know. We never discussed it. And to be honest, I didn’t have any proof. Just suspicions. I don’t know what Louisa told him.”
Not much, Justin guessed. Louisa was too proud to go running to Cyrus for fear that he would prefer Brian and reject her. Justin wanted to think that Cyrus loved his granddaughter enough to put her and her safety ahead of Brannigan’s P&L, but he couldn’t be sure.
He’d thought he understood all the implications of their upcoming marriage, but this added a new twist.
He realized that Honeycutt was watching him, waiting for a response. Justin cleared his throat. “Besides the lack of a prenuptial agreement, do you have any other objections to our marriage?”
“Other than the surprise factor, no. I didn’t know you knew each other at all.”
Justin smiled. They still didn’t know each other. He said, “We tried to be discrete.”

* * *

Louisa was surprised to see Alan Honeycutt waiting outside her office as she was leaving. He usually left before eight p.m. “Do you need to talk to me?”
“It will only take a few minutes,” he said. “If you have time.”
Louisa motioned for him to join her and shut the door after they were both inside. “What’s the problem?” she asked, and steeled herself for the worse.
“Justin Reilly.”
Louisa caught her breath, but said nothing, waiting. She’d done her research and thought he was trustworthy, but there were no guarantees. She hoped he hadn’t done something stupid and gotten arrested.
“You should have a pre-nup,” Honeycutt said bluntly.
Louisa relaxed, relieved. “Is that it?”
“I’m not doing my job if I don’t express my legal opinion.” He sounded defensive.
She hadn’t meant to offend him. “I appreciate that,” she said smoothly. “I couldn’t run this company without your legal expertise.”
“Fifty percent of marriages end in divorce.”
As hers would three or four years from now. “I know.”
“Divorces can be very expensive. Don’t you think it’s better to be prepared for every possibility?”
Cyrus did not approve of prenuptial agreements. Technically, he did not approve of divorce, either, and Louisa knew she was still on shaky ground with her grandfather. She had to make her marriage to Justin look solid, which meant no written escape clause. She said, “I know what I’m doing.”
“Be careful. Reilly is ambitious.”
Did he know something she didn’t? Louisa kept her voice calm. “Cyrus was ambitious. I’m ambitious. A little ambition is a good thing.”
“Pruitt was ambitious, too.”
At the mention of her ex-husband, the conversation was now officially over. Louisa said coolly, “I’ll consider your advice. Thank you.”

* * *

Louisa swore under her breath.
“What’s wrong?” her sister-in-law Teri asked. She sat on the bed in Cyrus’ guest bedroom, helping Louisa finish getting dressed.
Louisa held out a pearl necklace in one hand. “I can’t get it fastened. My hands are shaking.”
Teri laughed. “So you are a little nervous. Admit it.”
Louisa made a face. “All right. I do have a few pre-wedding jitters.”
“I’m glad to hear it. I was beginning to worry. It isn’t normal for a bride – not even you – to be completely calm. Remember my wedding, when I couldn’t find one of my earrings and nearly went hysterical?”
“Nearly?” Louisa joked.
“Okay, so I did lose it for a few minutes,” Teri said, remembering. “But in the end I borrowed yours, and everything was fine. Everything will be fine for you, too.”
She stood up to help Louisa with the necklace, then placed her hand on her stomach.
“Are you all right?” Louisa asked with concern.
Teri smiled. “Baby number two is kicking a little, that’s all.”
Louisa lifted her hair up away from the back of her neck while Teri fastened the necklace.
Teri stepped back and surveyed her work. “You look marvelous.”
Louisa glanced at her reflection and smoothed the lapel of her pale gold suit. She knew her sister-in-law would have preferred her to wear a romantic wedding gown, but she’d worn white satin and had a large church wedding with Brian. She would not go through that again.
Besides, she would feel guilty promising before God to love and cherish Justin Reilly until death do us part. A quiet ceremony before a judge was much simpler. No one needed to know their union had a planned expiration date.
Teri said quietly, “I like Justin. I hope you’ll be very happy together — as happy as Frank and I are.”
“Thank you.” Teri was sweet. She thought she and Justin had a love match, and Louisa couldn’t tell her otherwise.
She squared her shoulders and took a deep breath. “Let’s get this over with.”
Teri laughed. “You sound just like Cyrus.”
Louisa frowned.
When she entered the main room, she saw Cyrus first. He was impeccably dressed in a gray suit and gleaming shoes. He sat in a tall backed chair, every inch the proud patriarch. He smiled and nodded. He was pleased.
Frank stood beside him, looking uncharacteristically somber. She knew he still had doubts about her marriage.
And finally, Justin.
Handsome and tall in his dark suit, he was impossible to read. She saw a glint of appreciation in his eyes, but didn’t know if it was sincere, or merely pretend — part of his job as the happy groom.
She made herself smile and approached slowly. Justin took her arm in his and together they faced the judge.
How different this was from her first wedding day. How happy and naive she had been. She had loved Brian completely and thought he loved her. She thought she was the luckiest girl in the world.
How wrong she’d been.
This time, she was walking in with her eyes wide open. She had no unreasonable expectations, just a hard, cold business arrangement to save Brannigan’s. She shivered.
Suddenly she realized that everyone was looking at her, waiting for her response. “Yes,” she said, and then afraid it wasn’t a sufficient answer, she added, “I will. I do.”
She heard a murmur of amusement from the small group of guests.
The judge smiled. “That seems definite enough.” He addressed Justin. “Do you, Justin Reilly, take Louisa Brannigan to be your lawfully wedded wife?”
He spoke directly to her instead of the judge. “I do.”
“Then by the power invested in me by the State of Texas, I pronounce you husband and wife.”
There, we’ve done it, Louisa thought with relief.
“You may kiss the bride.”
She stiffened. After that one kiss in the parking lot, they had never discussed it again, and she’d tried not to think about it. No big deal, she’d told herself. It would be a quick, meaningless kiss to keep Cyrus happy, nothing more.
But now, everyone was watching, expecting something, and the longer they hesitated, the more everyone would notice.
She flashed a look at Justin, wondering what was taking him so long.
He stepped closer and touched the side of her face gently, cupping her jaw in his hand, lifting her chin slightly as he brought his lips down on hers.
Louisa closed her eyes as a feeling of peace washed over her, reminding her of their time in the elevator, when Justin had been her anchor in the storm.
Louisa’s eyes flew open, shocked that such a small action could bring back all those emotions. As if sensing her reaction, Justin smiled gently. Everything will be all right he seemed to be saying.
As he leaned back and they separated, they were surrounded with well-wishers. Louisa felt dazed. She shook the judge’s hand, accepting his congratulations. Cyrus wanted his hug and kiss on his cheek, then Frank and Teri.
Louisa chatted with Justin’s mother and his sister.
There was a small wedding cake and punch. A photographer took pictures. Louisa hardly knew what she was saying, but apparently it was appropriate for everyone smiled and seemed to be having a good time. Justin stood beside her, his arm casually around her waist.
What have I done? That kissed changed everything, making her feel weak.
I don’t want to rely on you, she thought desperately as she looked at the stranger who was now her lawfully wedded husband. I don’t want to trust you or need you. I never want to be vulnerable again.
Justin glanced down at her, frowning slightly. “Are you all right?”
Louisa lied. “I’m fine.”

CHAPTER FOUR

They were both silent as they approached the front door. Louisa said, “I’ll have to get you a key.”
“That would be a good idea.”
“I’ll have Michelle take care of it on Monday.” She sounded defensive.
Justin smiled to put her at ease. “I wasn’t trying to start our first fight.”
“I thought we agreed — no fights.”
As if that could be guaranteed. They were both strong-minded, independent people, and a few disagreements were inevitable.
Louisa’s hands fumbled with the key. Was she nervous? That surprised him. She’d been cool and elegant at the wedding. Most of the men in the room had envied him and his sophisticated bride.
“Am I supposed to carry you over the threshold?” he asked.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” The door swung open. “Today’s command performance is over.” She walked briskly into the entryway, leaving him behind.
So much for their pleasant camaraderie at the wedding. He had mistakenly hoped that Louisa had loosened up a little over the past two weeks, getting used to him. He knew they wouldn’t be lovers, but he’d thought they could become friends. Justin hesitated a moment, then followed her inside.
He looked about the large room. The condominium was sleek and modern, occupying an entire floor of an expensive high-rise in Highland Park. Nearly four thousand square feet, he estimated. Home sweet home.
He watched as Louisa slid her feet out of her pale gold pumps and rubbed her heel. She had long, beautiful legs.
“New shoes?” he guessed.
She nodded, but didn’t comment further. “Your room – the guest suite — is the second door on the right. My – I mean our – housekeeper Heidi unpacked the boxes you sent over yesterday.”
He’d put his house up for lease and had placed all of his furniture and most of his belongings in storage — it had seemed the wisest course of action, considering the circumstances. “Thank you. Won’t she think it strange that we’re occupying separate bedrooms?”
“It doesn’t matter what she thinks, as long as she doesn’t go telling tales to Cyrus.”
“Naturally.” Louisa was not going to let him forget for one second that their marriage was nothing more than a sham for her grandfather’s benefit.
At least they’d managed to avoid going on a honeymoon. Sitting around in a hotel suite, staring at each other would have been much worse. Louisa had convinced Cyrus that they both had too much work to take a vacation. She’d made a vague promise about possibly taking a honeymoon later.
Justin sensed that would be when hell froze over. He loosened his tie. “I’m going to change and find something to eat.”
“Go ahead. Heidi keeps the refrigerator well stocked.”

* * *

You can’t stay locked in your bedroom forever, Louisa told herself. Don’t be a coward. The sooner she and Justin found their rhythm as platonic roommates, the better. She squared her shoulders and surveyed her reflection. She’d changed into a pair of black knit pants and a lightweight sweater — no jewelry, other than the new diamond and platinum band that weighed heavy on her left hand. Hopefully she looked casual and comfortable, more comfortable than she felt. She debated whether she should wear shoes, then decided against that. She rarely wore shoes at home. Start as you intend to go on.
She found him standing in the kitchen, leaning against the granite counter, eating out of a bowl. He’d changed into a snug fitting t-shirt and jeans: worn, comfortable clothes that emphasized his muscular, rangy physique. He was a handsome creature, no doubt about it.
He smiled. “Hi.”
She caught her breath at a sudden responsive tightening in the pit of her stomach.
Where had that come from? She’d thought any residual libido had been buried long ago, but some subconscious biological urges must still exist.
Which she was going to ignore.
He watched her, waiting for her to say something, anything. “I’ve never seen you without your work clothes,” she said, then flushed at the way it sounded. She walked over to the refrigerator and poured herself a glass of apple juice. She glanced at his bowl. “What is it with men and cold cereal?”
“Did Brian eat a lot of cereal?”
She flinched. “No. Frank. And Brian is off-limits. I don’t talk about him.”
He nodded. “Yes, ma’am.”
Was he being sarcastic? “Don’t call me ma’am.”
He raised one eyebrow. “Would you prefer Your Highness?”
“Do you think I’m being unreasonable today?”
He took another spoonful of cereal. “I refuse to answer on the grounds that it might incriminate me.”
Although Louisa was still a little annoyed, she smiled. She’d never thought that being married to a lawyer would be amusing. “Sorry. This whole situation is awkward. I mean, technically we’re on our honeymoon –“
“Technically.”
“But we’re not.”
“No.” Justin smiled. “It’s the elephant in the room that no one talks about.”
“What is?”
“Sex.”
That word again. “We agreed –”
He held up one hand. “Don’t worry. I know the terms of our agreement. You don’t want any sex and I do.”
Apparently his urges weren’t merely subconscious. “We agreed -”
“I know. You’re the boss. You won. But that doesn’t mean I’m not going to try to renegotiate the terms.”
Louisa felt as if the floor were shifting beneath her. “But –”
He smiled at her discomposure. “Not today. Not this week. But sometime down the road, when we’ve gotten to know each other better, we can talk about it.”
Talk about it? He sounded so reasonable, as if they were discussing whether they should have chicken or fish for dinner.
Maybe it hadn’t been a good idea to marry her attorney. He had a reputation of being a cunning advocate, a pit bull who never let go until he got what he wanted. That was admirable in a lawyer, but worrisome in a husband.
Louisa tried to change the subject. “Yes … well,” she said finally. “Just make yourself at home, and if there’s anything you need –” her voice trailed off awkwardly, as she realized what she was saying and how it might be interpreted.
He laughed. “I’ll let you know.”

* * *

Justin knew that moving into Louisa’s house was going to be difficult for her, so he was determined to make the transition as smooth as possible. He took his cues from her. From the beginning, she made it clear that she didn’t want to talk any more than absolutely necessary. When he came into a room, she often left.
Justin was not concerned. It was early innings, yet.
The highlight of his week was lunch with Cyrus. It was the one time he could talk to Louisa, even flirt with her, and she couldn’t complain because her grandfather was watching. He started by helping her with her coat and pushing in her chair when she sat down. “You don’t need to do this,” she hissed, as he held her coat for her when it was time to leave.
He leaned forward. She smelled fantastic. He whispered against the back of her neck, “Cyrus likes it.”
She gritted her teeth and said no more.
He was careful, though. He didn’t want to move too fast. He wanted her to be comfortable with him so when their contract marriage was up, he could negotiate an extension. But he also didn’t want to be a calm non-entity that she could safely ignore. Just like a runner on first, trying to steal second, he was going to have to evaluate her every reaction, and calculate his chances of success.
One evening, when they’d been married a week, Louisa handed him a stack of mail. “Yours,” she said simply, and headed back toward her home office.
For a moment, Justin watched her, admiring the subtle sway of her hips as she walked. Then he glanced at the envelopes and frowned. “These have been opened.”
She turned. “I’m sorry. All the mail addressed to the condo is forwarded to the office. Michelle opens it. She must have opened yours, too. Do you want me to tell her not to?”
“Yes. I’d like to keep my private correspondence private.”
“It won’t happen again,” she said stiffly.
“Not that it matters much,” he said quickly. He did not want to offend her. “These look mostly like wedding cards.”
“I’m glad it wasn’t anything important.”
He wouldn’t say that. “I am surprised, though. You don’t have time to open your own mail?”
She hesitated, then said, “Occasionally I get hate mail. I’d rather not get a nasty surprise. So she opens it, and sorts it by category —”
“Hate mail? Because you’re the CEO of a large corporation?”
“Some,” she admitted. “But most of it comes from Brian.”
He wasn’t sure she’d answer the question, but he asked it anyway. “How bad is it?”
“He sent me pictures of dead cats when our divorce became final.”
Justin drew his breath in sharply. “That’s —”
“Creepy.”
“If he was threatening you —”
“No, he’s too smart for that. There was no proof that it was from him. Unmarked envelope. No fingerprints. I spoke to the police, but there was nothing they could do.”
“Why do you think it came from him?”
“Kitty was one of his pet names for me.” She grimaced, and he wondered what she was remembering. But then she said calmly, “He only does it every few months, and it’s been slowing down lately. And it’s not so bad. The cat photos were the worst. He tends to write rambling, angry letters calling me a stupid bitch and blaming me for all the troubles in his life.”
The man was worth millions with his stock ownership and he still hated his ex-wife. “I trust you’re monitoring the situation, keeping all the evidence, in case it escalates.”
Louisa nodded. “Brian won’t do anything dangerous because he doesn’t want to get caught. He just wants to scare me. He wants to make me afraid and miserable.” She clenched her teeth. “And I refuse to give him that satisfaction.”
“Good for you.”
“So that’s why Michelle opens my mail.”
He could tell by the jut of her chin that she still felt defensive as if she needed to justify her actions. Cyrus and Brian had both left their mark, making her doubt her worth. “Do what you need to do,” Justin said, trying to be supportive, then realized that his words could be construed as trying to give her permission. He frowned.
“I will,” she said coolly and walked back to her office.

* * *

Louisa was surprised to discover how easily Justin fit into her life. In spite of their awkward beginning, after a few days, they settled into a schedule. Justin woke first, ate a quick breakfast, then headed off to the gym, and then to work. She woke second and worked late, often returning after he’d gone to bed. They occasionally saw each other in the hallways, at home, and at work, but he kept a respectful distance.
If she needed to talk to him, she either taped a note to his bathroom mirror, or left a text message on his cell phone.
And on Fridays, they ate lunch with Cyrus. Justin was more demonstrative than she’d like — sometimes watching her as if he adored her, occasionally touching her arm or hand, but Cyrus approved, which was the point of this corporate marriage. And it wasn’t as if he’d tried to kiss her again. Which she appreciated.
She had worried that their relationship would interfere with her work, but there was no problem. For a few days Brannigan’s employees offered their congratulations and best wishes. She was surprised by how sincere some of them sounded.
She wondered if they still called her the Black Widow.
She joked about the nickname, because there was no point in getting upset about it. If she over-reacted, it would just feed the flame.
At school, there had always been people who didn’t like her. She was naturally quiet and studious, and that was often perceived as being proud. She didn’t make friends easily, preferring to keep her deepest thoughts to herself.
When she first started working for Brannigan’s, many people thought she was a spoiled rich girl who didn’t know anything. She had to work twice as hard to prove herself. And then there was Brian.
On the surface, Brian was like Cyrus: brilliant and charismatic. They were both handsome men who engendered loyalty. Cyrus could be stern and autocratic, but he was always fair. Employees knew when they joined Brannigan’s that the work would be demanding, but they would be rewarded with a good salary and excellent benefits. Brian, in contrast, was manipulative and mean.
And while she was married, she had slid even more into the background, letting him be the star.
When Cyrus resigned and made her CEO, Brannigan’s employees felt justifiably cheated. Most of them didn’t know much about her and they missed Brian.
To make it worse, Louisa fired two of the Vice Presidents within weeks. They were Brian’s friends and she discovered that they were still communicating with him, sharing proprietary information.
That’s when someone started calling her the Black Widow.
And the name stuck.
Louisa sighed and reviewed the monthly sales reports. Brannigan’s was doing well, but not as well as it should be. In graduate school, she had ignored most of the touchy-feely pseudo-psychology courses and focused instead on the mechanics of running a successful business. But it didn’t take a genius to see that without Cyrus visible at the helm, the company culture was faltering. Most of her employees were still loyal to Brannigan’s, but few were loyal to her.
Perhaps that was sufficient, but she needed to do something to make the work environment more enjoyable, to build unity.
People worked better if they shared a vision and liked the people they worked with.
Otherwise, her hard-working employees would burn out.
Like her?
Louisa pushed herself away from her desk and stood. She stretched for a few minutes, then walked around her large office. She yawned. She glanced at the bright lights of downtown Dallas. What time was it, anyway?
She looked at her watch. Only ten o’clock.
Back to work.

* * *

One evening in December, she came home early. Justin was in the kitchen, grilling a steak. “That smells great,” she said as she hung up her coat and slipped out of her shoes. “I didn’t know you were a cook.”
“I’m not. Steaks and scrambled eggs are my entire repertoire. Would you like some?”
Louisa hesitated. “You’re only cooking one; I don’t want to take yours –-”
“We can split it. I’m not that hungry. I had a late lunch with Cyrus.”
Cyrus? What was he doing visiting her grandfather? With dread, she recalled how Brian had spent time with Cyrus, courting his favor. But Justin was nothing like Brian. Or was he?
She remembered Alan Honeycutt’s warning.
She looked at Justin’s handsome face, wondering what he was thinking behind those deep brown eyes. Should she trust him?
He said, “Why don’t you change and I’ll set the table.”
Louisa nodded. “Sure.”
When she returned, he stood at the dining room table, holding silverware, staring at the plates. “Forks on the left,” she said quietly.
“I knew that.”
She looked in the refrigerator, found a Caesar salad Heidi had made and the leftovers of a squash casserole. In a few minutes, they were seated at the dining room table. She unfolded a large cloth napkin and smoothed it over her lap. “This is nice,” she said, looking around her dining room. “This may be the first time I’ve eaten in here.”
“You don’t entertain?”
“Not often. For family events, we eat with Cyrus, like we did for Thanksgiving.” They’d had a simple catered meal with Frank’s family at Cyrus’ condo. “Occasionally, Frank and Teri invite me over. For corporate events, we either host them at the office or rent a hotel.”
They were silent for a few minutes as they ate. The only sounds were the click of silverware on the china.
“This is really good,” she said.
“I’m glad you like it.”
“How is Cyrus doing?”
“I beat him at backgammon today.”
She chose her words carefully. “Do you play often?”
“About once a week. Sometimes more.”
Why hadn’t he told her before? But to be fair to Justin, they rarely talked. She’d set up a pattern of silence, and he’d respected that. If she wanted to know what he was doing, she was going to have to interact with him more often.
Justin added, “He asks about my court cases, but mostly he wants to talk about the glory days. Did he ever tell you about Ghana’s cocoa troubles in the 1980’s? He has some amazing stories.”
Louisa was jealous. In a few short weeks, Justin had grown closer to Cyrus than she was. But wasn’t that what she had wanted – a man to be a surrogate son to Cyrus? “I’ve heard some of them, I’m sure,” she said finally, “But it’s been a long day and right now, I’m tired of chocolate. I’m tired of Brannigan’s. I want to talk about something else — anything else.”
He nodded. “Fair enough.”
There was a long silence as both of them tried to think of another topic of conversation.
Finally, Justin laughed and Louisa joined in.
“Looks like we both need to get a life,” she said. At least that’s what Frank was always saying. He wanted her to do something more than just eat, drink, and sleep Brannigan’s.
Justin asked, “Are you a basketball or football fan?”
“No. You?”
“Not really. Baseball is the only sport I follow.”
That’s right. She remembered that he’d said he loved baseball and chocolate. She asked, “When does that season start?”
He sipped from his glass. “April. Have you ever gone to a baseball game?”
Louisa smiled. “No.”
“Next year, I’ll take you to a game.”
It felt strange to be making plans so far ahead, but he was going to be part of her life for several years. And she knew so little about him, those years would be deadly dull if she didn’t make an effort now. “That would be nice,” she said politely.
Another silence.
Louisa pushed the remainder of her squash casserole over to one side of her plate.
Justin asked, “Seen any good movies lately?”
She appreciated his attempts at conversation. “I rarely take the time.” All work and no play obviously made Jill a dull girl.
“Then let’s go see one. Tonight.”
Her heart seemed to tighten. “Not in a theater,” she said quickly, hoping he wouldn’t connect the dots and realize that she didn’t want to sit in a darkened room. It had been years since she’d had a problem in a movie theater, but she didn’t want to take the chance. She didn’t want to relive that day in the elevator. “Let’s find something online.”
“Great,” he said. “Do we have popcorn in the house?”
“I doubt it.” Together they walked to the kitchen. She looked through the cupboards while he put their dishes in the sink and wiped off the table. Heidi would finish cleaning up in the morning while they were at work. “No popcorn,” she said finally.
Justin said, “I guess I’ll survive, but a movie always seems better with popcorn.”
“If you like popcorn, you’d like the caramel popcorn that Ginger used to make. It was absolutely delicious, drizzled with caramel and sprinkled with Little Bits.”
Justin’s eyes lit up. “Do you know how to make it?”
“Yes.”
“Would you?”
“You mean tonight?”
He nodded, and looked at her soulfully. “Please?”
She didn’t want to. She was tired and she didn’t want to drive around, gathering the ingredients. It would be much easier to write a shopping list for Heidi as she normally did, and make it another evening. But before she could say ‘no’, her conscience struck her. This was the first time Justin had asked her to do anything. Since their marriage, he’d followed all her rules without complaint.
Of course, he was going to be paid handsomely for that.
Louisa suddenly realized that she hadn’t transferred the stock that she’d promised to him, and he hadn’t asked about it in the nearly six weeks that they’d been married. Before they married, they’d discussed the tax consequences of doing it before or after the end of the year, and she’d meant to meet with the CFO, but with arranging the wedding and the demands of her job, she hadn’t followed through. Perhaps subconsciously, she didn’t want to, but they had a verbal contract. He was supposed to own three percent of Brannigan’s, and he hadn’t mentioned it or made a fuss.
He was still living on his attorney salary, when he should be earning fifteen to twenty times more.
Louisa’s eyes narrowed. She found it difficult to believe that anyone was that nice.
“Are you okay?” Justin asked.
She’d speak to the CFO in the morning, so she wouldn’t have to feel guilty. “I’d be happy to make the popcorn,” she said finally. “I’ll go buy the supplies.”
“Do you want me to drive?”
“You’re coming with me?” Louisa asked, stunned.
“Why not?”
They walked to the front hall closet. Louisa waited for Justin to hold her coat, then slid her arms into the sleeves. “Thank you.”
Justin was planning to drive, but as they stepped outside, he asked where she wanted to go.
“I don’t know. I haven’t gone to a grocery store in years.” She thought for a few seconds. “There’s an organic grocery store about two blocks away.”
“I’ve seen it,” Justin said. “And the parking is always crowded. Do you want to walk?”
Louisa felt as if what should be a simple task was morphing into an event. But she wasn’t going to fuss. She wanted to show that she could be flexible and accommodating, instead of merely bossy. He’d been generous, cheerfully sharing his steak; she should reciprocate.
So they walked down the sidewalks to the grocery store. The winter night air was crisp and well lit from the street lights. They passed restaurants and a hair salon. As they stood on a street corner, waiting for the walk signal, Louisa looked up at Justin.
It was strange to be doing something with him that wasn’t part of the pretense for Cyrus. No one knew what they were doing; no one was watching. No one cared. Louisa realized that she was out of the house, wearing jeans and no make-up. Her hair was pulled back in a pony tail. Justin didn’t seem to mind.
Brian always wanted her to look her best. He thought that how she looked reflected on him. He would have made her change.
But she didn’t want to think about Brian.
The glass doors of the grocery store slid open as they approached. “Let’s divide and conquer,” Louisa said. “You find popcorn and I’ll get the supplies for the caramel.”
Justin nodded. “How much do I need?”
“Two pounds.”
“Any special kind?”
“No. Ginger wasn’t picky.”
“All right. Rendezvous at the express check out,” Justin said, and walked down the main aisle.
Louisa saw another customer: female, in her fifties, turn her head to briefly admire him before returning her attention to a canned goods display.
Interesting. She wondered if Justin even noticed the feminine attention he received, or if he was so accustomed to it that it didn’t register.
Louisa watched Justin for a few seconds herself. He was tall and blonde. Good-looking. That hadn’t changed. But today she noticed that he walked with a confident, athletic grace. He had the air of a man on a mission.
Definitely attractive, if she were looking for that.
And she wasn’t. She was looking for corn syrup and sugar.
She looked up at the printed signs above the aisles and found the baking section. She saw some chocolate and out of habit, glanced more closely at the selection.
“Can I help you?” A store clerk asked.
She said, “I don’t see any Brannigan’s.”
The young man said, “No. We specialize in organic, vegan, or sustainable brands.”
Louisa smiled. Brannigan’s had looked into obtaining the organic label for some products, but that would take time to achieve. “Which one’s your favorite?”
“That red checked bar, right there.”
Louisa looked at the label. The logo was confusing, too fussy. She turned the bar over and read the ingredients list. Nothing surprising other than ground hazelnuts, which were more popular in Europe than in the US. She weighed the bar in her hand and glanced at the price. It was a profitable item at six dollars a bar for only two ounces. She put the bar in her shopping basket.
She said, “I need corn syrup.”
The clerk pointed. “Lower shelf, to your left.”
“And sugar.”
“We have cane sugar, beet sugar, brown sugar and evaporated cane juice. If you’re looking for something specific, we have Turbinado, Muscovado, Demerara, Rapadura, and palm sugar. And then there’s all the liquid sweeteners.”
“Cane is fine,” Louisa said, before he could go through his litany of liquid sugars as well. “Thank you.” She picked up a two pound bag of cane sugar in a brown paper bag. Organic, naturally.
She walked to the front of the store, but didn’t find Justin. After waiting a minute, she walked across the front of the store, glancing down each aisle. She saw Justin standing near the end of an aisle looking at different products, his broad back facing her. She started walking down the aisle, but stopped when a young woman in a short skirt approached him from the other side.
Louisa had never realized what a hot social spot a grocery store could be. Were grocery stores the new singles bars?
She watched the interaction with interest. Justin was married, but not really married.
She wondered how he’d react.
Short skirt smiled as if she were slightly embarrassed. Nice teeth, Louisa thought. Too much lipstick. And her snug knit top showed that she had a good, toned figure. In her opinion, the sprayed on fake-tan was not attractive, but some men liked it. Did Justin?
Louisa overheard a phrase “Hate to bother you” and “Just want your opinion.” Smooth conversation opener. Not too pushy. Not weird.
Justin appeared to be answering her politely.
Short skirt stepped in a little closer and looked up at Justin through her heavily mascaraed eyelashes. She briefly touched his arm.
Louisa’s eyes narrowed.  Look, don’t touch.
Enough of this.
CHAPTER FIVE

Justin was surprised to see Louisa. He’d expected her to wait for him at the front of the store.
Louisa put her left hand on his shoulder and the overhead light glistened on her new wedding ring. “Hi, did you find the popcorn?” she asked pleasantly.
For a second, he was too distracted to answer, realizing that this was the first time Louisa had purposely touched him since the day in the elevator. If he didn’t know better, he’d think she was asserting her relationship.
He smiled at her. “Yes.” He motioned to the young woman who was standing next to him. “And maybe you can help this woman figure out the best side dish to go with a lamb roast.”
Louisa seemed surprised by the question. “Lamb? I prefer potatoes, but my husband —” she glanced at him briefly. “Prefers rice.”
Justin was amused. Louisa was asserting their relationship: branding him husband and creating a fictitious preference for rice. He looked back at the young woman, amazed that Louisa felt the need to do so. Was she jealous? Or merely marking her territory?
It didn’t make sense, but it was encouraging.
Was she beginning to like him? Or was it just a control issue?
While he was reviewing and analyzing the interaction, the young woman said something else and walked away. He and Louisa made their way to the check-out counter. As their groceries were rung up, he was surprised to see the candy bar. Once outside, he asked why she’d bought another brand of chocolate.
“I’m scoping out the competition.”
“Highbrow, overpriced chocolate bars are hardly competition.”
“Thanks.” She smiled. “But it’s important to be aware of what others are doing. I can’t keep my head in the sand.”
“Don’t you have analysts keeping track of trends and developments?”
“Yes, but I like to do some fact-gathering myself.”
Was that why she’d interrupted his conversation? Keeping tabs on him? She was an intriguing mixture of business savvy and insecurity. “Well, don’t expect me to help you eat it,” he said lightly. “I’m a Brannigan’s man, through and through.”
“No other chocolate?”
“Maybe when I was younger,” he admitted, “but since I signed on with Brannigan’s, my taste buds have been completely loyal.”
She laughed at the absurdity. Her breath was white in the evening air. She said, “And the Champ is your favorite.”
Justin felt a zing of pleasure: she remembered. “Yes, but I’m partial to the limited edition dark, as well.”
She nodded in approval. She walked with her hands in her coat pockets. The collar of her wool coat was turned up to protect her from the wind.
“What’s your favorite?” he asked.
She shook her head. “No favorites. I like it all.”
“Good answer.”
They walked in companionable silence for a minute, then Justin said, “We weren’t supposed to talk about chocolate or Brannigan’s tonight.”
She laughed again. “That’s right. It’s harder than I thought it would be. Pick another topic.”
He’d like to tell her that she was beautiful and smart and she had no reason to worry about any other woman trying to get his attention. He’d promised to be her husband and he took that promise seriously. He glanced down at the bags of groceries and the gold band on his left hand. As long as she wanted him, he was hers — completely.
But he knew she wasn’t ready for him to bare his soul.
He thought for a moment. He asked, “Did you have any pets when you were a kid?”

* * *

Making the caramel popcorn took much longer than Louisa had anticipated. She hadn’t wanted to use the microwave because Ginger had always used a double boiler, but she couldn’t find a double boiler in her kitchen equipment, so she had to rig up nestled stainless steel sauce pans with a metal strainer. It was nearly midnight when she finished making it, and in the process, neither one of them had watched a movie.
“Well?” she asked after Justin took his first bite. She’d taken one bite herself to make certain it had turned out correctly. It was exactly as she remembered it: sweet and chewy, with a hint of salt and the slight crunch of the Little Bits candy shell.
“I’m in love,” Justin said seriously.
She gasped. “What?”
His eyes sparkled. “This is the best caramel popcorn I have ever eaten. You should market it.”
Louisa was glad he liked it. She wasn’t a good cook in general, but it was nice to know that she could still make some of the family favorites. “It wouldn’t store well. It needs to be eaten quickly.”
He took another bite. “No problem.”
“Don’t eat it all,” she warned. “Because if you do, you’ll get sick. Don’t ask me how I know.”
“That’s where you get your discipline,” he surmised.
“Yes, pain is a good teacher. I don’t know how many times I ate too many sweets as a child and got sick. Eventually I learned to pace myself.”
“But you still like it?”
“Yes. Unlike Frank, who doesn’t even like the smell of chocolate.”
“That’s too bad.”
“I know. It infuriates Cyrus. But what is Frank supposed to do — eat something that makes him physically ill?”
Justin wondered if there might be a psychological aspect as well. He pushed the pan toward her. “You’d better put this away.”
“I’m sorry,” Louisa said. “I shouldn’t talk about getting sick while you’re still eating.”
“No, I’m done,” he assured her. “And this popcorn is delicious, no matter what the topic of conversation.”
“Good.” She put the sugared popcorn in an airtight container and surveyed the mess of her kitchen. She’d dirtied half a dozen pans and there were dribbles of caramel and chocolate everywhere. She sighed. She didn’t feel it was fair to leave a disaster for Heidi. Ginger had never left a messy kitchen.
“Is everything okay?” Justin asked.
“No. Tonight was fun, but I spent too much time. I’ve got a lot of things to look at before my meetings in the morning.” She motioned to the dirty pans on the granite counter tops. “And I’ve made a mess.”
“I’ll straighten up and put all the pans to soak,” Justin offered.
“Really?” Brian had never helped in the kitchen. Cyrus had never helped either. She didn’t know about Frank. He and Teri seemed to have a more modern relationship. Frank did a lot with his daughter. Maybe he helped in the kitchen, too. But she thought it was more likely that they had a cook or kitchen staff. Personally, she didn’t want to have any more people than absolutely necessary in her home. After long days at the office, she wanted to be left alone, so she could chill in silence.
“I’d be happy to help,” Justin said.
He really was easy to live with, Louisa thought. He was turning out to be a much better husband than she had anticipated. She’d worried that having him constantly around would disrupt her peace, but he hadn’t. “Thank you.”
She watched for a minute as he worked, then said, “I have to get back to my reports. Good night.”
“One more thing,” Justin said, and she paused in the doorway, waiting.
“I really think you should market this popcorn.”
Louisa didn’t know why she felt a twinge of disappointment. Had she expected him to say something nice about the time they’d spent together that evening?
“You could do a deal with Aunt Mimi’s. Let them make it and use Little Bits.”
Aunt Mimi’s was a successful local bakery chain that had recently opened locations throughout the United States. “Cyrus would never approve.”
“At some point in time, shouldn’t you do what is best for Brannigan’s, regardless of what Cyrus wants?”
Louisa stiffened at the criticism. “That’s none of your business.”
Justin said nothing in response, but the light in his eyes became guarded and she wished that she hadn’t used such a sharp tone. He resumed rinsing the dishes.
“Good night,” she said more gently, hoping that he’d turn around and smile at her.
But he didn’t. “Good night,” he said, not looking at her.

* * *

Justin’s phone vibrated. He checked the text. Please come to my office.
He assumed that meant immediately, although Louisa was too polite to text that. He slipped on his suit jacket and headed toward the elevator.
Outside Louisa’s office, he saw Alan Honeycutt and two other men sitting, waiting. No doubt there was going to be some high level corporate meeting. Alan smiled at him. “How’s it going?” he asked pleasantly.
“Fine,” Justin said warily.
Alan nodded and said no more.
Justin wondered what had happened to change Alan’s attitude. Ever since the wedding, he had treated him coolly.
Louisa’s office door was closed, so he knocked on it.
“Come in.” She was standing by her desk. “Shut the door.”
She was beautiful, as always, today in black pants and a suit jacket with a deep vee in front. Her blouse was some sort of black lace. Don’t stare. To her left, he was surprised to see a large opening in the wall and a small room inside with shelves and a filing cabinet. “Is that a vault?”
She frowned. “Yes. It is one of Cyrus’ creations. A hidden room to hold all of Brannigan’s secrets.”
He was surprised she’d let him see it. “It looks like something out of James Bond.” He looked closely at the sliding door that was covered on one side with wooden paneling. “I never would have guessed.” When the door was shut, the wall appeared smooth.
“Cyrus would be pleased. He wanted all of his important papers readily accessible, but hidden to the world.”
“Ingenious.”
“Inconvenient, actually. Frank and I are the only ones who know how to open the thing and we’ve been sworn to secrecy. We can’t have any witnesses when it is opening or closing, although I’m sure a decent corporate spy could find the activation panel.”
“Am I allowed to see the room?”
“Only because he wouldn’t want these documents left outside for long,” she said flatly. “Once the doors are shut, they can’t be opened for an hour. It’s a safety feature.”
She hesitated, then handed him a stack of papers. “Your stock certificates and some papers to sign, acknowledging your receipt.”
She kept her voice expressionless, but he could tell that giving him the stock was painful. Brannigan’s was everything to her and she was giving him almost half of what she owned. He said quietly, “You don’t have to do this.”
“We have an agreement.”
“I know, but I don’t need it.” And it was true, he realized. Since living with Louisa, his living expenses had reduced drastically. She paid for all the food, the housekeeping services, even the laundry and dry cleaning. Someone, he was never certain who, washed his car every week and filled it with gas. Being married to a multi-millionaire, possibly billionaire, had its advantages.
She watched him closely. “Are you saying you don’t want it?”
He wasn’t going to lie. “Of course I do, but if you want, we could wait until later, when Cyrus —” Now it was his turn to hesitate. It sounded crass to say, ‘when he’s dead.’ “When he’s gone.”
“No,” she said firmly. “All the paperwork’s been drawn up.”
He glanced at the stiff paper with the ornate art work in his hands. Three hundred shares of Brannigan’s. Three percent of a company with billions in annual sales.
“Is something wrong?” Louisa asked.
“It doesn’t seem real.”
“It’s real enough. Alan and two CPAs made sure of that.”
So that’s why Alan had smiled at him. “I’d like to look through this before I sign.”
“Naturally.”
“I don’t want to get hit with a Rumpelstiltskin clause.”
Her eyebrows rose. “I don’t understand.”
“I don’t want to inadvertently sign away my first born child.”
She said coolly, “I doubt that’s in the small print,” but Justin thought he saw a hint of a smile on the corner of her mouth.
He sat down in one of her comfortable arm chairs. “This may take a while.”
“Go ahead. I have things to do, too. And when you’re ready, we’ll step outside for the witnesses.”
He nodded.
Within an hour, it was over. I’m a millionaire, Justin thought, but it still didn’t feel real.
They both walked back into her office. Once they were alone, Louisa asked casually, “What’s the first thing you’re going to buy when you get your dividends?”
He hadn’t thought of that. “A new car,” he said finally. “One for my mom and one for my sister.”
“And for you?”
“Pay off my mortgage.”
She smiled. “Anything fun?”
“Maybe. But I’ll have to see the money first. I may have to save my pennies.”
“For what?”
“A minor league baseball team.”
“Minor? Why not splurge on a major league team?”
It was insane to even consider it. How much money was his stock worth anyway? As a privately held company, Brannigan’s profits were not a matter of public record. He shook his head. “No. That’s too much headache. I want to enjoy the games.”
“It’s good you have a plan.”
“What do you spend your money on?” Justin asked.
She looked at him blankly for a second, surprised by the question. “I have some charities, but there isn’t anything specific.” She shrugged. “I don’t need anything. I have everything I want.”
Except control of Brannigan’s, he thought, but didn’t say it. Louisa had been wealthy her entire life, so he shouldn’t be surprised that money meant little to her.
She looked back at her desk and said, “Thank you for coming up. I’m sure you have work to do.”
She was dismissing him. “And you have to put papers back in the vault,” he guessed.
Her jaw tightened. “Yes.”
She didn’t mention it, but he assumed that the vault with its locking door and thick cement walls unnerved her. Was she scared to walk into the tiny room? To be honest, it made him a little uncomfortable, too. What if the door closed by mistake? He hoped there was some sort of escape latch. “Couldn’t you keep your papers in a bank vault instead?”
She shook her head. “Cyrus might pop in for a visit.”
“When is the last time he came?”
“A year ago, but I can’t take the risk. I have to do things his way.”
For now, at least. He considered giving her a brief hug to comfort her, but sensed that she wouldn’t appreciate it. “See you later,” he said, and left, giving her privacy.

* * *

A few days later, Louisa came out of her office and saw her assistant talking on her cell phone. Michelle quickly ended the call. “What do you need?” she asked.
Louisa shook her head. “Nothing. I was looking for Benson.”
“He’s running late.”
Louisa noticed that Michelle looked frazzled. She asked, “Is everything all right?”
Michelle smiled. “Just busy with the holidays and everything. Today’s an early release day at the high school.”
Sometimes Louisa forgot that Michelle was the single mother of two teenage girls. “Is that a problem?”
“It’s raining and Sara doesn’t want to walk home,” Michelle said. “But she’s got an umbrella. She’ll be fine.”
Her assistant rarely mentioned details about her personal life. She must be tired. Louisa noticed that her desk, normally neat, was stacked high with papers. “Take the afternoon off,” Louisa said, suddenly generous.
“I’ve used up all my leave,” Michelle said.
That was right. Michelle rarely took entire days off. Instead, she took off hours here and there to cover doctor or school appointments.
“Comp time,” Louisa said firmly. “You’re always working extra, doing things late at night. Take the time off, if you want it.” She watched as Michelle hesitated.
“But you’ve got your VP luncheons this week.”
“If I need extra help, HR will find someone,” Louisa assured her. “And it’s time you had your own assistant, anyway. You already do the work of two people.”
Michelle looked stunned. “If you’re sure –“
“Yes, I’m sure. Now go, and don’t come in tomorrow, either.”
“Thank you.” Michelle gathered her purse and left hurriedly, before Louisa could change her mind.
Louisa glanced at her watch. Twelve ten. Where was Benson? She’d ordered lunch from the company cafeteria, and the soup was getting cold.
Benson walked in. “I’m sorry I’m late.” He was a thin, earnest looking man in his early forties. According to his employee file, he was married with three children.
Louisa smiled. “No problem. This isn’t a formal meeting, anyway.”
She could tell he didn’t know how to read her statement. He walked stiffly into her office. He looked like he was facing a firing squad. Did he think he was going to be fired, the week before Christmas?
Maybe so. Changing her corporate image was going to take some time.
But at least she had a plan now. The first step was to meet individually with all the Vice Presidents and feed them. She’d learned from Ginger that people were more likely to be relaxed and happy when they were chewing. And once they were in a good mood, she’d tell them what she appreciated about them and pick their brains about what could make Brannigan’s better.
It was her way to connect with them on a more personal level. And after she’d talked with all the Vice Presidents, she’d meet with more of the other employees. Hopefully, they’d see that she wasn’t so scary, and she’d have more ideas on how to make the company a more cohesive, happy group.
She said, “I ordered lunch. Your assistant said you liked the tomato soup.”
Now Benson was surprised. Louisa had to stifle a laugh at his expression.
“I do,” he said.
“Good, because we’ve got a lot of it.” She motioned for him to serve himself. “We’ve also got some sandwiches and fruit.”
He loaded up a plate and sat in one of her upholstered chairs, holding his plate awkwardly in one hand and a cup of soup in the other.”
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I should have arranged for a table. It’s hard to eat soup without a table.” She would have asked Michelle to take care of it, but she was gone. Louisa said, “Here, let me take that,” and carried his plate over to her desk. She put it down on the corner of her desk. “That’s better.”
Benson moved his chair closer to her desk so he could eat.
Louisa look a deep breath. He looked as uncomfortable as she felt, but it was a beginning. She smiled.

* * *

Louisa yawned and pushed herself away from her home computer. Reviewing all the feedback from her Vice Presidents was overwhelming. They had a lot of conflicting ideas, and it was going to take time to decide what, if anything, she wanted to change. But she was encouraged by the responses. She wasn’t Cyrus, and she never would be, but she could still be an effective CEO.
She wondered if Justin was awake or if he’d gone to bed. What time was it? She glanced at the clock on her computer screen. Only ten on a Friday night. She walked through the condo, looking for him and found him in the den, sitting on the couch, watching a movie on the large screen. He wore jeans and a t-shirt. No shoes. There was a bowl of popcorn next to him. He’d eaten all of her caramel popcorn within a week, and she hadn’t made it again. She asked, “Mind if I join you?”
He seemed surprised by her question. “Sure.” He patted the cushion beside him.
She sat down. “What’s happened so far?”
He paused the film and pushed several buttons on the remote for the movie to start from the beginning.
Louisa said, “You didn’t need to do that.”
“I don’t mind. It only started a few minutes ago.”
The beginning credits began. Street scenes. New York.
He said, “It’s a political thriller.”
“Great. I need to think about something other than chocolate.” She leaned back against the couch and sighed.
After a few minutes, Justin asked, “May I put my arm around you?”
She looked at him for a moment. It was a reasonable request and relatively harmless. “If you want. But don’t get any ideas.”
He smiled as he put his arm lightly around her shoulders. “Too late. I’ve always got ideas.”
Her eyes narrowed. “I wish you wouldn’t.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t want you to get your hopes for something that’s not going to happen.”
He considered this. “Do you find me physically repulsive?”
She half laughed. “No.”
“Then what’s the problem? I’m here. You’re here. We’re legally married. Why not enjoy ourselves?”
She looked down to avoid his gaze and stared at her hands clasped tightly in her lap. She tried to find the words.
He paused the movie and waited patiently.
She let her breath out in a sigh, then said, “That’s the problem. I don’t think we would enjoy ourselves. You’d be disappointed, and I’d be humiliated. I’m not good at sex.”
He didn’t say anything for a moment, but reached over with one hand to gently cover hers. He said quietly, “Consider the source.”
He was right. She shouldn’t let the things Brian said still have an impact on her years later, but they did. She said, “I’d rather not talk about it. I just want to watch the movie.”
“Okay,” he said, and turned the movie back on.
Louisa felt uncomfortable and would have left to go back to her office, but she didn’t want to turn their conversation into high drama. She tried to focus on the movie plot. Some good-looking man in his early thirties had found evidence of political corruption and there was an attractive, smart-mouthed young woman, possibly a reporter, who offered to help him.
After a few minutes, Justin paused the movie a second time. Louisa glanced at him, bracing herself for what he might say.
“Just for the record,” he said clearly. “One of the reasons I married you was that I find you very physically attractive. I don’t anticipate that changing. And I think we’d be great together.”
Louisa flushed at his intense gaze.
He continued. “However, now that I know you better, I like you better. I enjoy your company. So, as much as I’d prefer to sleep with you, and I occasionally think about it, it’s no hardship being your husband if everything stays the way it is now. And no, you don’t have to comment. I just wanted you to know.”
He smiled briefly and turned the movie back on.
Louisa was stunned by his honesty. Justin was a man who believed in laying his cards on the table. She respected him, even if some of his words unsettled her. “I like you, too,” she said quietly.
He squeezed her hand, but said nothing more.
She looked back at the movie, determined to pay attention to it, rather than to her heart beating rapidly in her chest. Relax, she told herself. Take a deep breath. She couldn’t remember the last time a man had said he liked her. Brian had said he loved her, but that had been a lie — he’d married her to advance his position at Brannigan’s. And she, young and stupid, wanting to please Cyrus, had been caught up in the fairytale.
She knew Frank loved her, but since Ginger died, none of the family talked about it. Frank tended to joke rather than express strong feelings. As for Cyrus, she knew he loved her as part of his family duty, but did he like her?
Everyone else in her life was either a casual acquaintance, or an employee.
Was Justin becoming a friend?
For a few moments, she glanced at him, watching the flickering light on his handsome face. He, noticing her attention, smiled, but said nothing. She had a feeling that friendship might be the best basis for a marriage, after all.

* * *

Justin knew he’d made Louisa uncomfortable, and he guessed that pride had kept her from escaping to her room. He didn’t speak, and neither did she, and eventually the story on the big screen captured her attention. After half an hour, she relaxed and he shifted his arm slightly lower around her back. As the movie progressed, she softened further and rested her head on his shoulder. By the time the credits rolled, she was sound asleep, her face half against his chest.
Sweet Louisa. She worked so hard. Asleep, she looked years younger, but he noticed the faint gray circles under her eyes.
He didn’t dare move. He turned the movie off and sat silently in the semi-darkness, enjoying having her so close. He wanted to stroke her hair, but refrained. He didn’t want to startle her.
He listened to her breathing and watched the faint rise and fall of her chest.
What he wouldn’t give to be able to lift her chin and kiss her soft lips.
But not yet.
Maybe never.
But he refused to dwell on that possibility. Two months ago, she never would have trusted him enough to seek him out and let him sit with his arm around her. Unless it was for Cyrus’ benefit.
He was making progress, however slow.
After another ten minutes, his arm started to ache, then feel numb from inactivity. He turned and tipped his head downward. He pressed his lips against the top of her head. “Louisa,” he said quietly.
Her eyes fluttered open. “Did I fall asleep? Sorry.” She straightened and stretched her arms, making the fabric of her knit shirt momentarily tight across her breasts.
He smiled. “You can sleep with me any time.”
She said, “I hope I didn’t snore,” before she mentally processed what he said. When she did, she said lightly, “You wish,” and looked away.
Had he embarrassed her? That hadn’t been his intention.
Then she surprised him by reaching over and patting his chest. “You make a good pillow.”
He laughed a little. Was she teasing him? “Are you telling me I need to go to the gym?”
“No,” she said, retreating quickly. “You’re fine. You’re just right.”
“Like Goldilocks. Not too hard, not too soft?”
She flushed. “I just meant that you’re comfortable.”
Justin smiled. This was definitely progress.

* * *

Justin whistled “Deck the Halls” as he opened the front door. In years past, he had been too busy at work to pay attention to the holidays, but now, married to Louisa, the holidays had more meaning. They were going to have Christmas dinner with Cyrus and Frank’s family. He had talked to his sister to get gift ideas for Louisa’s three-and-a-half year old niece Emma. The challenge was to find appropriate gifts for everyone else. What could he buy for people who had everything they needed and more money than they could spend in a lifetime?
Louisa told him not to worry. “Cyrus keeps Christmas simple. Every year, I buy him his favorite dried fruit platter and Frank buys him a book.”
“Louisa?” Justin called. He’d seen her car in the parking garage, and wondered if she’d already eaten dinner. If not, perhaps he could convince her to join him. They didn’t eat together often, but gradually they were spending more time together. She no longer stayed late at the office every night or hid away in her home office.
They were becoming friends. At work, she was still the boss, but at home, he felt as if they were almost equals.
“Louisa?” he called.
He walked through the living area and the kitchen. Her purse was on the kitchen counter. “Louisa?”
Maybe she’d gone somewhere with Frank.
He checked her bedroom. The door was open and the room was empty.
As he walked back toward his rooms, the hall closet door opened. Louisa stepped out. “Oh. Hi.” She looked embarrassed, and tugged on the hem of her shirt. “I didn’t hear you.”
She didn’t hear him calling? “Are you all right?”
“Yes, I’m fine.” Her voice was brittle.
“What were you doing?”
“It’s part of my therapy to overcome claustrophobia.”
“In the closet?”
She tucked her hair behind her ears in a nervous gesture. “I try to stay in as long as possible and then let myself out. It’s not as effective as someone else locking me in, because I know I can open the door, but it’s a beginning.”
Justin didn’t know what to say. He wanted to help, but he was no expert.
She glanced at her watch. “I’m up to twenty minutes now. When I can last a half hour, I’m going to go back to my psychiatrist and have her lock me in.”
Justin said finally, “Is there anything I can do to help?”
“I appreciate the offer, but no, thank you.”
The words were polite, but they stung.
Two steps forward, one step back. In spite of all the progress they’d made, she didn’t trust him. What did she think he was going to do – lock her in a closet and walk away?
He tried not to take her rejection personally.
She was doing the best she could in a difficult situation. He admired her for working to overcome her fears.
He asked, “Are you hungry? Would you like to get something to eat?”
She wouldn’t look him in the eye. “No, I ate earlier.”

CHAPTER SIX

Louisa carried a covered casserole dish with hot pads toward Justin’s car. Today, rather than black, she wore a silky green dress that swirled around her ankles. Her hair was piled high in a mess of curls and what he assumed were real diamonds glittered at her throat and ears. She was beautiful. He’d told her that he would be fine if they never consummated their marital relationship, and that was still true, but some days were more difficult than others. He wanted to take the pins out and run his fingers through her hair. He wanted to kiss the hollow of her throat and slip —.
But it was better not to think about that.
Instead, he unlocked the trunk. “What is it?” he asked as she carefully positioned the glass dish inside a padded, insulated carrying case and zipped it closed.
“Tuna casserole.”
He made a face. “Again?”
“You don’t have to eat it, if you don’t want.”
“It’s been in the refrigerator for weeks.”
“One week,” she corrected. “Different versions. This is Ginger’s recipe, and I asked Heidi to make it several times until she got it exactly right.”
“They all tasted the same to me.”
She smiled. “I take it you’re not a fan.”
“Not particularly,” he admitted.
“Well, don’t worry. Cyrus will have both turkey and ham tonight. I just thought it would be fun to have one of the family favorites as well.”
They were on their way to Cyrus’ condo for Christmas Eve dinner. Justin held Louisa’s door open for her and she smiled at him. “Thank you.”
As they drove out of the parking garage, Justin asked, “Was Ginger a good cook?”
“She was a product of her generation. She made lots of casseroles, lots of desserts.” She lowered her voice. “Don’t tell Frank, but the key ingredient that made the difference in the tuna casserole was using lard rather than butter.”
Justin winced. “Don’t tell me any more.”

* * *

Frank took pictures of everyone in front of Cyrus’ Christmas tree. Teri and Emma wore matching dresses with black velvet tops and skirts of bright red plaid satin. Louisa thought Justin was particularly handsome in a charcoal gray suit. Cyrus looked thinner and seemed quieter than normal. He looked pained when Emma danced around the living room, singing Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer.
“How soon will dinner be ready?” she asked Daniel.
“Ten minutes,” he answered.
She turned to Frank and said, “Let’s take Emma for a walk.”
“Good idea.”
Teri glanced at her and mouthed the words, “thank you.” She sat down to rest.
Louisa and Frank stepped into the hallway, where Emma could run up to the end of the corridor and back. She was a happy, healthy girl with lots of energy. “Don’t go down the stairs,” Frank warned, but he watched her carefully to make certain she obeyed.
“Cyrus doesn’t look good,” Louisa said quietly
“Daniel says he’s sleeping more.”
“What do the doctors say?”
Frank shook his head. “He’s not going to live forever, Lou. Eventually the body slows down.”
She knew that, but it was difficult to watch. “How are you doing?” she asked, changing the subject. “Everything okay at work? And Teri?”
He smiled. “Work is work. All fine. And Teri’s right on schedule. A little tired, but overall, feeling great. She’s not as nauseated this time.”
“I’m glad.”
“And what about you?” he asked. “It looks like you and Justin are getting along well.”
“I think so.”
“He treats you right?”
She appreciated the question. He knew more than anyone about her problems with Brian. “Yes,” she assured him.
Frank smiled. “And the sex?”
Was that all men thought about? “None of your business.”
Frank laughed.
At dinner, Cyrus liked the tuna casserole, even though he only ate a few bites. He told Louisa that it was exactly the way Ginger made it. “Thank you.” He reached across the table to touch her hand. He said, “You’re a good girl.”
Louisa flushed with pleasure. Thank yous from him were rare.
The conversation turned to family recipes, and Frank entertained them with humorous descriptions of the green gelatin salads Ginger had made with grated carrot and pineapple. “It was like something out of a horror movie.”
“Did she ever make the ones with a layer of cottage cheese?” Justin asked.
Louisa smiled at the memory. “Yes.”
Justin made a face.
“I like cottage cheese in gelatin,” Cyrus said loudly, and everyone laughed.
Emma asked, “What’s cottage cheese?”
“What do you feed that child?” Cyrus demanded, and the conversation shifted towards favorite foods and restaurants.
When there was a lull, Louisa spoke up. “Are you all familiar with the bakery called Aunt Mimi’s?”
Justin’s gaze met hers, questioning, but he remained silent.
“Great cinnamon rolls,” Teri said.
“We often have their donuts in the surgeon’s break room,” Frank added.
“I’ve never eaten there,” Cyrus said, turning to her. “Why do you ask?”
“They’re a very popular bakery business, growing rapidly. One hundred percent company owned, no franchises. No debt.”
Cyrus nodded. “Go on.”
Louisa lifted her chin. “I’ve been talking with Rick Boudreaux, the founder, exploring the idea of having Aunt Mimi’s make Ginger’s caramel popcorn, using Little Bits.”
She heard Frank draw his breath in sharply. He, as well as she, knew what a risky proposition this would be.
Cyrus didn’t say anything for a moment, considering the information. “Do you trust him?”
“Not completely. In business I don’t think it’s wise to trust anyone completely. But I think he’s a good man. He has a vision for his company and seems to know what he’s doing.” In many ways, he reminded her of Cyrus when he was younger.
“Will there be a way to market the popcorn with one day shipping?” Cyrus asked.
“Yes, sir.”
“Sounds like a good idea,” he said finally.
A wave of relief washed over her. Louisa had never felt so happy. Years before, when she’d been Vice President of Product Development, Cyrus had torpedoed most of her suggestions. She hoped this meant that he was finally coming to appreciate her business judgment.
Cyrus said, “But I know you won’t jump into anything recklessly. You’ll do your research.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Good job,” he said, then turned to Daniel. “Let’s open presents and end with dessert.”
“Do you want to move to the living room?” Frank asked.
“No,” Cyrus said. “Stay here.”
Louisa could tell that he was in pain and tired. The sooner they finished the celebrations and left, the better.
Daniel and two kitchen assistants quickly cleared the table. Louisa and Justin carried the few wrapped presents to the table. Cyrus liked her fruit and Frank’s book. Emma received several toys, but seemed to prefer the Little Red Riding Hood hand puppets from Justin. Frank gave Teri sapphire earrings, which earned him a quick kiss.
Louisa gave Justin a small square box.
Justin smiled at her and unwrapped the red paper that surrounded it. His eyes widened as he removed a baseball in a clear plastic display case. She said, “I have the verification certificates at home.”
Frank glanced at it and whistled.
Cyrus said, “What is it?”
Justin cleared his throat, obviously emotionally affected. “It’s a baseball with the signatures of Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig.”
“Oh. Baseball,” Cyrus said, dismissively. He had never had any interest in sports.
Justin’s eyes were warm as he looked at her. “Thank you.”
“Where’s your present for Louisa?” Cyrus demanded of Justin.
Justin said, “In a minute.” He stepped out of the room and returned with three brightly wrapped, large flat rectangular boxes. “All of you are getting the same thing, so Cyrus, please open yours first.”
He put one box in front of Cyrus, who began to unwrap the paper. The box was sealed with tape. “Get me scissors,” he said and Daniel quickly responded.
Louisa leaned forward, interested to see what Justin had bought. Cyrus removed a large chocolate brown hardcover picture book from the packaging. She saw that the title, written in the font used by Brannigan’s for their logo, was One Man’s Legacy.
Cyrus opened the book. “You haven’t sold this,” he said sharply, glaring at Justin.
“No, sir,” Justin said quickly. “There are only three copies. I thought it was something you’d like your family to have as well.”
Louisa hastily opened her package and removed her copy. It was a biography, filled primarily with photographs but also text, outlining Cyrus’ life. She flipped through the heavy pages, seeing some family pictures of her father that she’d never seen before. “Where did you get these?” she asked in wonder.
“Daniel helped,” Justin said.
Much of the information was public record from articles written over the years, but she saw that some of it was in quotes. “Have you been interviewing Cyrus?” she asked, astonished.
“Not exactly,” Justin said. He turned to Cyrus. “I recorded some of our conversations and had them transcribed,” he said. “I hope you don’t mind.”
Cyrus didn’t hear him. He was too busy looking at the different pictures, lost in the memories.
“This is wonderful,” Frank said and handed his book to Teri so she could see the photographs. “See what a beautiful baby I was?”
Teri laughed at the way his hair stuck up in front.
“This must have taken hours,” Louisa said, amazed by the effort Justin had taken.
He shrugged. “He was talking to me and I thought it would be a shame if all those stories weren’t preserved.” He said, “One more thing.” and handed Cyrus another, smaller wrapped package.
Cyrus opened the gift to see a box of red ink pens. “What’s this for?”
“For going through your copy and making corrections,” Justin said. “Or if you want to add anything. When you’re finished, I’ll make a new edition.”
“Isn’t that a lot of work?” Frank asked.
Justin said, “No. The company has an online template. I’ll just make the changes and click update.”
Louisa knew it couldn’t be that easy. Justin was downplaying his efforts.
“Make sure you shred the old ones,” Cyrus said. “I don’t want a copy of this selling online.”
“Yes, sir.”
In spite of his business bravado, Cyrus was a very private man. He didn’t think the world should know his personal business: financial or familial.
Louisa turned the pages slowly, fascinated. Tears fill her eyes as she saw pictures of Ginger on her wedding day and her father growing up. There were pictures of her as a baby, an awkward teenager, then graduating from college. No pictures or mention of her marriage to Brian, she was glad to see. Pictures of Cyrus’ ninetieth birthday.
She was glad to know that he had enjoyed the celebration, but she didn’t want to be reminded of the rest of that day, so she turned back to the front and read the dedication: To my grandfather-in-law, thank you for accepting me into your family.
Everyone was so engrossed by the books that they forgot about desert until it was much later. Emma wanted to eat pie, but Teri told her it was past her bedtime and they could eat pie later, at home. Emma, over-tired, burst into angry tears. Frank picked her up and carried her, screaming, to the door.
Cyrus frowned. He liked his grandchild, but he was from an era who thought that children should be seen and not heard.
Louisa hugged and kissed Teri good-bye. “Good luck,” she whispered.
Frank hugged and kissed her as well. “Merry Christmas,” he said, speaking loudly to be heard over Emma’s fussing. He motioned toward Justin who was still talking with Cyrus. He added quietly, “He’s a keeper.”

* * *

A week later, Justin heard people talking, so he walked out of his home office to see what was going on. He was surprised to see Frank, Teri and Emma by the front door, all of them wearing coats. “Are we going somewhere?” he asked Louisa. She was wearing jeans and a black turtleneck sweater that hugged her curves. Very nice.
“No, Emma is going to stay with us.”
He noticed her pink and purple overnight bag and a teddy bear on the floor. “Hi, Uncle Justin,” she said and hugged his leg.
He patted her blonde head. She was a sweet girl and it melted his heart to hear her call him Uncle. He hoped that several years from now she wouldn’t have to ask Aunt Louisa what happened to Uncle Justin and why he was no longer around.
Emma said, “Can I color now?”
Louisa smiled. “Yes. It’s already set up on the kitchen table.”
Emma ran off to the kitchen.
“New markers?” Frank asked meaningfully.
“Yes.”
Justin looked at Louisa, and she explained quietly, “I made the mistake of letting Emma use unwashable markers the last time she was here. I had to have the hallway repainted.”
He nodded. Emma sounded like Hilary’s kids. They were all Picasso wannabees.
Justin noticed that Teri was wearing an evening dress. “Oh. That’s right. It’s New Year’s.” He’d been so busy with preparation for an upcoming trial that he’d forgotten what day it was. “Have fun.”
Frank said, “We will. We’re going to dance till dawn.”
“Hardly,” Teri countered. “I feel like a hippopotamus.”
“But I like my beautiful sexy hippo,” Frank said, which made her laugh. She kissed him in appreciation.
Justin felt a twinge of envy. Frank had the kind of relationship with his wife that he could only dream of having with Louisa. He glanced briefly at Louisa, wondering if he’d ever see her pregnant with his child.
Louisa said seriously, “Don’t try to drive back home. It’s been raining and with all the drunk drivers, it’s not worth the risk.”
Teri nodded. “We’ll crash at the apartment.”
Frank had a small apartment close to the hospital where he could take a nap during the day, if needed. Louisa had a key and occasionally she slept there as well, if she’d worked late and was too tired to drive home.
Louisa gave them both hugs. “Have a great time.”
“Good-bye, Emma, we love you,” Teri called. Emma didn’t look up from her coloring project. Teri hesitated. “Should I go give her a hug?”
Frank said, “No. Another round of hugs will take twenty minutes. She’s happy. Don’t disrupt that. Let’s sneak out while we can.”
Teri was in the hallway when she stopped and said suddenly, “Oh no, we forgot the car seat.”
“What does Louisa need the car seat for?” Frank asked, taking her arm. “They’re not going anywhere.”
“Just in case,” Teri insisted.
“No,” Louisa said. “Don’t mess with that. Just take my car – it’s easier.” She traded keys with Frank.
“We’ll be back for breakfast,” Teri promised.
“Lunch,” Frank said with a wink.
Justin waited until they were safely gone and the house was quiet, before asking, “Do you baby-sit often?”
“Not as much as I’d like.” Louisa said as she walked back to the kitchen. “Their nanny has the week off, and since we weren’t doing anything, it made sense.”
Justin followed her, thinking. When she was married to Brian, they often made the local news, appearing at different high profile events. Cyrus didn’t socialize in his later years, so they had been the public face of Brannigan’s. Their divorce had been big Dallas news. Did she miss the limelight? He asked, “Did you want to go out tonight?”
“No, I much prefer to stay home.”
He sat at one of the kitchen stools, watching Emma draw. All her people looked like amoebas, but she was having fun.
“Draw me a house, please,” Emma said, and handed him a marker.
He wasn’t much of an artist, so he drew a large square with a triangle roof. She seemed pleased and told him she wanted a depiction of her parents and herself. Three stick figures followed. Then she wanted him to draw Louisa and him as well. Louisa looked over his shoulder and smiled. “Do I really have that much hair?”
He handed her the marker. “You do it.”
“No, you’re doing great.”
At Emma’s request, he added grass, a tree and a sun.
Louisa asked Emma if she was hungry. “Would you like some grapes?”
“Yes, please.”
Nice manners, Justin thought. Frank and Teri were good parents. He watched as Louisa rinsed the grapes and cut them in half before serving them to Emma.
“Do you want some?” Louisa asked and popped one in her mouth.
“No, I’m not hungry.”
As Emma ate, she dictated a picture for Louisa to draw as well. Louisa drew a horse that looked more like a dog, which made them all laugh. After this, came a castle and a princess with pink hair.
Justin noticed that without Cyrus watching, she was more relaxed, willing to be silly with her niece.
He glanced at the kitchen clock. Was it that late already?
As much as he would enjoy playing house with Louisa and Emma, duty called. He had a mountain of work. He didn’t know if he was imagining it, but he felt as if Alan was giving him more responsibility — possibly training him to take over his position. Justin excused himself. “I’ve got a lot of work to do.”
“Anything we need to talk about?” Louisa asked.
It almost sounded as if she didn’t want him to leave. Either that, or she was just acting like a hands-on CEO. “Not really,” Justin said. His upcoming trial was a routine breach of contract case. “I’ll see you later.”
Emily looked up from her coloring. “Good night, Uncle Justin,”

* * *

A few hours later, Justin woke from a deep sleep. He sat up straight. Was that crying he heard? He hastily donned a pair of pajama pants.
He bumped into a chair and swore under his breath as he made his way to the hall.
It was Emma, crying, screaming in the guest bedroom. Her face was red and wet with tears.
Louisa sat on the edge of her bed. She wore a silky nightgown and her hair was tangled. “Shhh, sweetheart,” she crooned, “it’s going to be okay,” but Emma’s cries didn’t lessen.
“A nightmare?” Justin guessed.
Louisa nodded. “I can’t get her to calm down.”
“I’ll get a cup of water,” Justin whispered. He came back from the bathroom and handed the cup to Louisa.
“It’s just a dream,” Louisa said. “It’s not real. It won’t hurt you.”
Emma pushed the cup away and wailed something incoherent.
Justin leaned closer. “Did she say train?”
Louisa shrugged. “I can’t tell.”
Justin sat on the other side of Emma. “Did you have a dream about a bad train?” he asked.
Emma nodded, her eyes wide.
“That bad train went to Florida. It’s not in Texas anymore.”
“My bear?”
“It’s safe,” Justin assured her. He looked around the bed and her bed covers. “Where’s the teddy bear?” he whispered to Louisa.
She looked around and found it underneath the bed. “Here it is.”
“What’s his name?”
“Jimmy,” Louisa answered.
Justin handed the teddy bear to Emma. “Here’s Jimmy, safe and sound.”
Emma clutched her bear. Her cries had softened to a sniffle.
“But he’s very tired,” Justin continued. “He needs to go back to sleep, and so do you. Can you help him get back to sleep?”
Emma nodded.
“Good. Now you need to drink a little water, have Aunt Louisa take you to the bathroom and then go back to sleep.”
“My blankets are wrinkled,” Emma complained.
“I’ll take care of that,” Justin promised.
It took another ten minutes to get Emma settled.
Louisa closed Emma’s door, leaving it open an inch, and silently pointed to the living room. He followed her.
She sank down onto the couch. He sat next to her. “Thank you,” she said quietly. “I couldn’t have done half so well without you.”
He shrugged. “I’ve watched my sister Hilary with her kids.”
“That bit about the train was sheer inspiration.” She looked around. She hadn’t turned on any lights in the living room, but there was a faint light spilling in from the hallway. “What time is it, anyway?”
He glanced at his watch with its illuminated face. “Two seventeen. Happy New Year.”
“Frank and Teri are probably at the apartment now.” She yawned. “Two o’clock. No wonder I’m exhausted. You sleep with your watch on?”
“Yes.” He was amused by the way her tired mind jumped from one thought to the next.
“But no pajama top.”
“Does that bother you?”
Louisa yawned again. “No,” she said politely. “You do what you want. It doesn’t bother me. Not at all.”
He smiled. He couldn’t decide if she were trying to convince herself or if she really didn’t care whether he was half naked. It seemed that the longer they remained in the dark, the sleepier she became. He, on the other hand, felt wide-awake. Seeing her in that nightgown was definitely giving him ideas. “Are you going to go back to sleep?”
“No, not until I know Emma’s asleep.”
“Then I’ll stay and keep you company.” He’d like to sit with her in the dark, like they had when they watched the movie. They both sat down and he put his arm along the back of the couch, behind her shoulders.
“Good idea.” There was a long pause. “We can talk.”
“About what?”
She leaned her head back and sighed. “You want kids?”
“Someday.”
She was silent for another long pause and Justin wondered if she had fallen asleep, but then she said slowly, “After our divorce, you need to find a nice woman and settle down.”
What if he didn’t want to find another woman? He played with a piece of Louisa’s hair, holding it out with his fingers. She didn’t seem to mind. He said, “I’ll think about it.”
“You’d make a good dad.”
“Thanks. I think you’d make a good mom.”
“No,” she said clearly. “Brannigan’s takes too much time. I’ll settle for being a good aunt.”
She closed her eyes and he continued to weave his fingers into her hair near her scalp and then slowly bring his fingers outward until the strands fell free.
“Mmm,” she said. “That’s nice.”
He would like to be even nicer, but didn’t think it was the right time. After a few minutes, he stood. “Would you like me to check on Emma?”
“Yes, please. I don’t want to move.”
Emma was sound asleep, and as he returned to the living room, he heard the house phone ring.
“A call this late is never good,” Louisa said as she reached for the cordless phone.
“Maybe a wrong number.”
“Hello,” Louisa said cautiously. She listened for a minute and her face grew pale.
“What is it?” Justin asked.
“There’s been an accident.”
CHAPTER SEVEN

Louisa spoke into the phone. “Thank you for letting me know… Yes, I’ll be there shortly.” She disconnected the call, and stood for a moment, trying to organize her jumbled, frightened thoughts.
“Frank?” Justin guessed.
“He’s unconscious and Teri is in critical condition.” She looked at Justin. “I have to go.”
“Of course.”
“Will you stay here with Emma?”
“Yes.”
She touched his arm briefly. “Thank you.”
The next few minutes were a whirlwind. She changed out of her nightgown into day clothes. She tried not to think about her parents who had died in a car accident, too. “I don’t think we should tell Cyrus yet, until I know more details.”
Justin said, “I agree.”
She looked through a filing cabinet in her office for her medical powers of attorney, but couldn’t find them. She called Michelle and told her to find copies and fax them to the hospital. “Where’s my purse?” she said, wishing that she didn’t feel so stupid. All she could think of was Frank and Teri, suffering, in pain. And the dread that they might not live. “Keys?” Then she realized that she was holding them.
Justin said, “There’s a taxi out front.”
“Thank you.” That had been thoughtful of him to arrange it. She was glad she didn’t have to drive in the dark, in the rain, especially tonight. “I’ll call you when I know more.”
“Yes.”
He stood in the doorway, looking so steady and calm. Impulsively she hugged him. “Pray for us.”
“I will,” he said solemnly.
Once she was at the hospital, she spoke to the attending doctor in a hallway. He was a young man who didn’t look old enough to be a doctor. Apparently the car had been hit on the passenger side. Frank was unconscious and had broken ribs and a broken right arm. Teri was in critical condition, rapidly declining, possibly brain dead.
That was too horrible to consider, but she had to. She asked, “And the baby?”
“Still alive.”
“Thank goodness,” she breathed.
“But with the mother’s condition deteriorating, we have to make a decision about whether to perform an emergency C-section.”
“How far along is the pregnancy?”
“Approximately 24 weeks.”
“Isn’t that too soon?”
“There’s a forty percent survival rate for babies born at 24 weeks.”
“No,” Louisa said sharply. “That’s unacceptable. You do everything in your power to keep Teri alive and the baby inside her until my brother is conscious and can make decisions. I don’t care what you do and how much it costs. Do you understand me?” From the look on the doctor’s face, she realized that she had raised her voice. She made a conscious effort to speak more calmly. “I want another doctor monitoring her condition full time. How do I arrange that?”
“That’s not our usual protocol.”
Louisa said, “Excuse me,” and pulled out her phone. She called Frank’s answering service. “This is Louisa Brannigan,” she said crisply. “What’s the name of Frank’s co-worker. The older woman who’s also a brain surgeon.” She’d met her a few times at Frank’s house, but she couldn’t remember her name. She thought it might be a Dutch name.
“Do you mean Dr. Verdoorn?”
“Yes. Transfer me to her cell phone.”
“She’s not on call,” the woman began, but Louisa cut her off sharply.
“There isn’t time. Frank’s wife is dying, would you please give me the woman’s number?”
“Yes ma’am, I’ll transfer you.”
It seemed to take forever for the woman to answer her phone. “Dr. Verdoorn here,” she said in a husky voice. “How can I help you?”
Thank goodness. “This is Louisa Brannigan. There’s been an accident. Teri’s dying and Frank is unconscious and I’m offending everyone as I’m trying to keep Teri alive until Frank can decide about the baby and they want to operate on Frank’s arm and I don’t even know who the good doctors are —“
“Where are you?” Dr. Verdoorn interrupted.
“Lindley Emergency.”
“I’ll be there in twenty minutes.”
The rest of the day was a blur. Dr. Verdoorn, a calm, gray-haired woman with a no-nonsense attitude, made certain Frank and Teri got the care they needed and that Louisa was fully informed of what was happening. Louisa called Justin several times. First in the early morning to let him know their condition, then later in the morning to check on Emma.
“Don’t tell her anything, yet,” she said. “Just tell her I’ll be home later.”
“I will,” he promised.
“And feed her breakfast.”
“I’m already making pancakes.”
Pancakes? She’d forgotten that she’d promised Emma that she’d make pancakes for breakfast. She was glad Justin was there, filling in for her. “How are they turning out?”
“Not great, but as long as they aren’t burnt, we’ll survive.”
He was a good sport. “Thank you,” she said. “If it gets to be too much, call Michelle and she can arrange child care.”
“Don’t worry. I’m not going anywhere. I’ll take care of Emma.”
“What about the trial?”
“I’ve already talked to Alan and given him the heads up. I should be fine, but there’s back-up, if we need it.”
“Thank you.” She had a blinding headache and wished that this was all a bad dream. She tried to think if there was anything else he needed to know. She added, “Teri’s parents and one of her brothers are flying into town, but I don’t know when they’ll arrive. They may call the house.”
“Are we putting them up?”
“No. Michelle’s already taken care of all the arrangements. They’ll be staying at a hotel by the hospital.”
“Have you told Cyrus?”
“That’s next,” she said.
“Do you want me to tell him?” Justin asked.
“No, I’ll do it.” She appreciated the offer, but knew that the bad news had to come from her. She didn’t know how her grandfather would take it. He seemed weaker lately. She hoped the news wouldn’t give him a heart attack. But at least Frank was making progress. They’d successfully set his ribs and broken arm and Dr. Verdoorn said that even though he was still unconscious, his brain activity was good. Teri’s situation was dire. They’d hooked her up to a respirator and an IV, barely keeping her alive. Louisa rubbed her forehead wearily. “I’ll call you again later.”
“I’ll be here.”

* * *

When Louisa came home late that evening, Justin thought she looked like hell: pale and exhausted. Justin held his arms wide and she walked into them, letting him hug her for a sweet minute. Then she let him take her coat and she sank into an arm chair.
“Frank?” Justin asked.
“Regained consciousness, but a little loopy.”
“Teri?”
“They’re keeping her body alive for the baby.”
Justin said, “I’m so sorry.”
She frowned and looked about the living room. “Is Emma awake?”
“No. She’s been asleep for an hour.”
“What did you tell her?”
“Nothing.”
She was silent for a minute, just staring, resting her chin in one hand.
“Do you want something to eat?”
She shook her head.
“Were you able to get any rest at the hospital?”
“I dozed once or twice, but it wasn’t really sleep.”
“Then, you should go to sleep. The hospital will call if there is any news.”
“That’s what Dr. Verdoorn said.”
Justin didn’t know who Dr. Verdoorn was, but it didn’t matter. “Go to bed,” he repeated. She’d only gotten a few hours of sleep in the past forty-eight. If she didn’t take care of herself, she’d be as loopy as Frank.
“I’m going to take a shower first.” With a weary sigh, she stood and started walking towards her bedroom. “Good night.”
Justin’s heart ached for her. He didn’t know Teri well, but he’d liked her, and he grieved for the whole family. It was frightening how quickly life could change. One minute they were all joking at the house, and a few hours later, one of them was dying. He wished there was something more he could do to help, but couldn’t think of anything.
When he heard that Louisa had finished her shower, he took his. He got ready for bed. He was half asleep when the bedroom light came on.
Louisa stood in his doorway.
“What’s happened?” he asked, disoriented, sitting upright.
“No, no change. I haven’t heard anything from the hospital.”
“Good. Emma okay?”
“Sleeping.”
He yawned. “So what do you need?”
Louisa hesitated. “I have a favor to ask.”
“Anything,” he said rashly.
“Can I sleep with you?”
He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. This didn’t make sense. He rubbed his face with both hands. Was he dreaming?
“I’m not talking about sex,” she said quickly, her face flaming pink. “I’m talking about sleep, literally.”
“You want to sleep in my bed, next to me?” It was still incomprehensible.
“Yes. I can’t fall asleep right now. I’ve tried. I’m exhausted, but I keep going through everything in my mind. I can’t turn my brain off. And I thought about how I slept with you during the movie.”
He remembered. “I made a nice pillow.”
“Yes. I thought maybe it would help. Do you mind?”
Of course he didn’t mind. He saw that she was wearing a long t-shirt that came to mid-thigh instead of a silky nightgown. She probably thought it was less appealing. “Do you want me to put some clothes on?”
Her eyebrows rose. “Are you wearing anything?”
“Boxers.”
“That should be fine,” she said. “I just want to rest.”
He pulled back the sheets for her to join him.
She paused. “If this doesn’t work, in half an hour, I’ll go back to my room.”
He said, “It’s okay. You’re not bothering me.”
“Are you sure? I woke you.”
“Doesn’t matter,” he said quietly.
She slid into the bed.
“Can I turn the lights off?” he asked.
“No!” she said sharply, then added in a softer tone, “I need the lights on.”
He should have thought of that.
She lay parallel to him, staring up at the ceiling.
“Where do you want me?” he asked after a minute.
She stiffened. “This was a bad idea.”
“No, it’s okay. Just tell me what you want.”
She said finally, “Lie on your back. May I put my head on your chest?” She shifted closer, next to him, and matched actions to the words. “And put your arm around me, but not too tight.”
“Is this what you want?” he asked, trying to follow her directions.
“Yes,” she said, closing her eyes. “Don’t talk.”
He was reminded of the time when they were in the elevator. She’d needed him then, too. After another minute, she let her breath out in a deep shuddering sigh, and he felt her body relax into his.
He let his breath out as well, and realized that he’d been holding it, waiting. It felt wonderful to have her so close again.
He was glad she trusted him, and he was happy to help, if he could, but he wasn’t sure his body would cooperate, keeping everything low key.
What he’d like to do and what he should do warred briefly in his mind, but knowing that she was dead tired and emotionally wrung out helped him keep his hands still. He stared at the ceiling, amazed at his self discipline. Until today, with her breath soft on his chest and one arm draped across him, he hadn’t known what a noble guy he was.
“Did you say something?” she asked sleepily.
“No.”
She stirred, snuggling closer so that her bare legs briefly brushed his. “Good night.”
For her perhaps, he thought wryly. He had a feeling that it was going to be a long night for him.
When he woke in the morning, she was gone.

* * *

The Friday after the accident, they ate lunch with Cyrus. The meal was marked by awkward silences. Frank had visited Cyrus the night before, but he hadn’t felt up to lunch, so it was just her and Justin. Louisa watched as Justin talked lightly about his playing baseball in college. His amusing stories kept them from thinking about Teri lying quietly in her hospital room. The baby was doing well, and the hope was that she could stay in utero 6 more weeks.
Cyrus asked a few questions about Brannigan’s, but his attention was not as pointed as it usually was.
Louisa hugged and kissed him when it was time to go and told him that she loved him. They weren’t normally a demonstrative family, but considering the recent developments, she felt that it was important to say the words before it might be too late.
Cyrus seemed to appreciate it. He smiled and patted her arm. “I love you, too,” he said, as if embarrassed by the declaration.
Somehow the next two weeks passed. Rather than get a new car to replace the one that had been totaled, Louisa hired a professional driving service. Frank had told her what he remembered about the accident, and it unnerved her. “The guy was drunk. He was weaving back and forth in the right lane. I tried to slow down and let him pass, but then he came right toward us.”
Louisa felt bad that she had never asked about the other driver. “What happened to him?”
“I don’t know. Hit and run. His car must have been damaged, too, but the police say he managed to drive away.”
Louisa offered to hire a driving service for Justin as well, but he declined. She tried not to worry about him and said a little prayer for his safety.
As the days passed, Louisa focused on work and Justin prepared for his out of town trial. “Do you want me to stay home and send someone else?” he asked one night while they were eating dinner together.
“No. Why?”
Justin said succinctly, “Sleeping arrangements.”
Louisa flushed. She hadn’t intended to spend every night in Justin’s bed, but she found that she slept better, curled up next to him, so most nights, she joined him. This was the first time they’d actually discussed the situation out loud. There had been a few awkward moments, when they’d woken to discover that they were entangled with each other, but he had always been a gentleman, saying, “Excuse me,” and retreating, which she appreciated. “No, I’ll be fine,” she told him. “And even if I weren’t, Brannigan’s comes first.”
Justin shook his head. “You are Brannigan’s,” he said clearly. “The company needs you, happy and well-rested at the helm.”
“I don’t need to sleep with you,” she said.
He raised one eyebrow, silently challenging her.
“But I like sleeping with you,” she admitted.
He smiled. “I guess I don’t mind being your Jimmy.”
She frowned. “What?”
“Emma’s teddy bear.”
Louisa supposed that in some ways he was like a teddy bear, her comfort in the midst of stressful times. She wondered how Emma was adjusting to the loss of her mother. The nanny was back to take care of her during the days and Frank had hired a housekeeper as well. Until his arm healed, he couldn’t operate, so he was home more, but she knew he spent some time at work, meeting with patients and consulting. He also spent hours sitting next to Teri’s bed. Louisa visited the hospital as well, to provide emotional support, but she didn’t know how helpful it was.
A few evenings later, Louisa worked until midnight and rather than sleeping at the apartment, she had the service drive her home.
Justin was already asleep, so she debated whether she should join him and risk waking him. Eventually, she decided to slip into his bed as gently as possible. She lay next to him, listening to his steady breathing. She shifted closer and without saying a word, he wrapped one arm around her, pulling her closer.
She smiled, wondering if he were still asleep. She breathed in deep, enjoying his natural spicy scent. He felt warm and strong and safe.
Then he raised himself up on one elbow and reached across her.
The sudden movement startled her, scared her. Without thinking she shoved against him with both hands with all her strength.
Momentarily off balance, he fell off his side of the bed, his legs tangled in the sheet.
“What the hell?” he demanded.
Louisa was mortified. “I’m so sorry.”
He groaned.
She knelt on the mattress and leaned forward to check on him. “Are you alright?”
He unwrapped his legs, wadded the top sheet into a ball, and sat on the edge of the bed. “I’ll live,” he said dryly. “Nothing appears to have been broken.” He turned to her. “What was going on? Why did you push me?”
It was difficult to explain. “I don’t know why. You freaked me out.”
“All I was doing was turning on the light for you.”
She glanced at the wall lamp above the headboard. That made sense now, but at the time, she’d had a sudden fear. “It may have been a flashback.”
He sighed. “Brian?”
She nodded. “I’m sorry. I think I’ve gotten past all that, but then some movement or something someone says brings part of it back.”
“Like Vets with post-traumatic stress syndrome?”
“I guess.” She tucked her hair behind her ears.
“How bad was it?” Justin asked quietly.
She supposed she owed him some explanation after kicking him out of his own bed. “I don’t know how to quantify it. He used to grab me by my arms and shove me against the wall. Sometimes he hit me. Not often, at first, and he always apologized, he always had an excuse.”
“Making you feel that you were at fault.”
“Yes. But over the years, it got worse. The episodes were farther apart, sometimes more than six months apart, which made me think he had changed, but then he’d erupt, each time more violently. I didn’t realize until later that I’d been living in fear, always waiting for the next explosion.”
Justin considered her words for a moment, then asked, “What made you finally decide to divorce him?”
“He locked me in a closet the day of Cyrus’ ninetieth birthday party.”
Justin drew his breath in sharply.
She continued, “We’d had an argument. He blackened my eye, throttled me until I passed out and locked me in the closet. By the time I regained consciousness and broke out, the party was over.”
“Did you tell Cyrus?”
She nodded. “That’s why I was made CEO instead of Brian. But I don’t think he understood how bad it was, and I was too humiliated to tell him everything. I felt stupid for letting it go on so long.”
“It wasn’t your fault.”
She wasn’t sure she believed that. “In any case, Cyrus thought we’d had a fight and would make up.” She shuddered. “But that’s over now. Brian is out of my life and I’ve got a restraining order. I don’t like to talk about it.” Talking about it just made her feel worse.
Justin nodded. “I’m sorry I brought it up.”
She reached over and touched his arm. “No. I’m sorry I over-reacted.”
He was silent for a few seconds, then asked, “Do you still want to sleep here tonight?”
She couldn’t believe how accommodating he was. “If I’m still welcome.”
He smiled. “I’m your husband. You’re always welcome.”
Husband. That was a strange word. For years it had been a frightening label, implying ownership, but with Justin, it was beginning to mean something different. “Thank you.”
Together they remade the bed, tucking in the bedcovers. We work well as a team, Louisa thought.
Justin asked, “Do you want the lights on?”
“Which do you prefer?”
“Off. But that’s up to you.”
She reached over and turned off the light over the bed. There was still faint light from nightlights in the bathroom and the hallway. She felt that tonight she’d be okay, as long as Justin was with her.
CHAPTER EIGHT

Justin was in his office, going over a witness list with a junior attorney, when Shannon interrupted him. “Have you heard about the recall?”
“What recall?”
“FDA found salmonella in a peanut manufacturing plant in Georgia yesterday.”
That was never a good thing. “How bad is it?”
“They weren’t our largest supplier, but Brannigan’s is immediately pulling all the Champs and Peanut Little Bits in the U.S. Ms. Brannigan is filming a statement in her office, right now.”
A statement? He wanted to see this. “Excuse me.” In the past, when there were product recalls, Brannigan’s had merely made a press release and posted the necessary notices at stores and on their website.
When Justin reached the fortieth floor, there was a small crowd. He recognized the Vice President of Marketing and Vice President of Production as well as the officer who oversaw FDA compliance. Someone had set up overhead lights, and Louisa sat still while someone touched up her make-up.
She was lovely, wearing a simple, slim fitting black dress and a silver necklace. She smiled briefly when she saw him, but kept on task. She reviewed some papers, and asked several questions.
“Okay, let’s film,” she said after a few minutes. “I want to keep this short and sweet. Aim for thirty seconds, if possible.”
She sat in a white leather chair and crossed her legs. She faced the camera.
“Hello, I’m Louisa Brannigan, and I want to talk about the recent recall of peanut products. At Brannigan’s our goal is to make premium chocolate, which requires the best ingredients. As of today, we’re removing all our Champ and Peanut Little Bits from stores.”
She leaned forward slightly. “We’re going to make certain the peanuts we use are safe, and increase production, so hopefully these two products will be available for sale within a few weeks. Until then, for those of you who are addicted to Champs and Peanut Little Bits, I recommend branching out.” She smiled. “Try our Special Dark or our newest — Brannigan’s Treasures, instead.”
She reached over and took a chocolate from the tray next to her. She popped it her mouth and chewed it. “They’re great.”
The director said, “Cut.”
“How was I?” Louisa asked. She listened to the critiques from the people standing nearest, then looked at Justin.
“You were good,” he said. She was pleasant, personable, and there was a ring of sincerity in her words. Cyrus had been more of a showman, more dramatic. But times had changed and in this world of constant media information, sincerity was priceless.
She smiled. “Thanks.” She turned back to the director. “Three more takes, and then Marketing can figure out which one is best.”
She turned to another person beside her. “We’ll need an article about the recall, outlining the steps we’re taking to reduce the risk and prevent future problems. It would be good to mention that since our chocolates have cocoa butter, they have a shorter shelf life than many of our competition’s bars. We can’t have huge stockpiles sitting in a warehouse. Emphasize that our candy is fresher, and our distribution system is excellent, which helps us respond quickly to problems like this.”
Justin watched her, fascinated by how quickly her mind worked. Not only was she responding to the crisis, she was going to help Brannigan’s move forward.
He hoped Cyrus would notice and approve.
That evening at dinner, he asked how the recall was progressing. They sat in the dining room, eating chicken, salad and bruschetta
“I think we’ll be okay. The products are off the shelves. We’ve got notices online. Hopefully we’ve caught the problem before anyone gets sick.”
“How did it happen?”
She shrugged. “Some junior purchasing agent, who will remain nameless, thought he could save some money by going with a second rate manufacturer. Which sounds good, until something like this happens. I think it will be a good reminder to everyone that cheap is not always better. Brannigan’s makes superior products and that’s going to cost a little more.”
“Has it been a rough day?”
“Not really. Once we worked out a plan of action, it was just a matter of getting it done.”
“Have you told Cyrus?”
“I sent him an email. I don’t think he’ll be upset. He knows peanuts are always tricky. They mold so easily.”
“Aspergillus flagus.”
She smiled as if pleased that he knew the term. “Exactly. All we can do is keep an eye on our suppliers and do our own testing.”
Justin was glad she felt comfortable sharing the details of her work with him. She was still a guarded person, but one by one, her emotional barriers were falling. She already shared most of her nights, sleeping next to him, and now she was beginning to share more of her days. “Have you gotten any feedback on your statement?”
“Some. Mostly positive.” She ate a piece of bruschetta. She looked thoughtful. “I think the most important thing is to remember why people eat chocolate in the first place.”
“To feel good.”
“Exactly. It’s such a wonderful combination of sugar, fat and caffeine. Not to mention increasing endorphin levels. But people aren’t going to buy it, if they think it’s tainted. The peanut recall in 2009 lowered sales for six months and none of our products were involved. So, I think it’s important to address those issues upfront. Hopefully this recall won’t be as bad.”
“I hope not.”
“But what about you? How was your day?”
Justin smiled. It was nice to be asked.

* * *

At the end of January, Justin left for his trial, so Frank and Louisa ate with Cyrus on Friday by themselves. Frank didn’t have anything to say and Cyrus had a cold, so Louisa did most of the talking. She described the delays for getting the Champ back in production, which seemed to irritate Cyrus, so she changed to a more positive subject. She described meeting with Rick Boudreaux and how the plans for Ginger’s caramel popcorn were progressing. “He’s also asked about making cookies with Little Bits, too.”
Cyrus’ eyes brightened. “What does Justin think?”
Louisa frowned. She hadn’t discussed the prospect with him, but she didn’t want to tell Cyrus that. “He thinks I should look into all possibilities,” she said cautiously, not wanting to lie.
“Good,” Cyrus said.
She could tell that Frank wasn’t paying attention to their conversation. He’d lost weight and his hair was too long. He hadn’t had a haircut since the accident. He stared at the food on his plate, lost in his private thoughts.
She felt guilty for continuing to work while Teri was dying, but what else could she do? She still took time to visit the hospital, but sometimes she did work while she was there.
She asked, “How’s the baby?”
“Twenty eight weeks. We’re hoping to get to thirty, but it’s unclear how long Teri will last, even with all the support.” His eyes darkened. “Her parents are beginning to think we should take the baby and let her die in peace.”
Louisa didn’t know what to say. Her heart went out to Teri’s parents. It must be difficult for them to wait, knowing that their beautiful daughter was technically dead already. A funeral might provide closure. But she also wanted what was best for the baby. The longer she could live inside Teri’s womb, the healthier and stronger she would be.
While Justin was out of town, Louisa often worked late and slept at the apartment. She discovered that she didn’t like coming home to the empty condo. She missed Justin and wondered if he missed her.
When her phone rang one morning at four a.m., she saw that the call was from Frank, and she dreaded answering it. “Hello?”
“I’m so glad you answered,” Frank said. “Where are you?”
“At the apartment.”
“Thank goodness.”
“What’s wrong?”
Frank said flatly, “A bomb went off at your condo. I didn’t know if you were there, or not.”
“What?” Louisa felt as if she were suddenly in the middle of one of Justin’s adventure movies. “I don’t understand.”
“A bomb,” Frank repeated. “It’s all over the news. Apparently someone blew up your neighbor’s condo and it took out half of yours as well.”
“My neighbor? Why?”
“The news says he’s a district attorney and someone must have had a grudge.”
Louisa tried to remember her neighbors’ faces, and failed. She spent so much time at work she hadn’t bothered to meet her neighbors. “I can’t believe it.” What a world they lived in, where people could be blown up in their sleep.
“I know. It seems like we have the worst luck in the world.”
First a drunk driver, and now this. She asked, “Was anyone hurt?”
“The district attorney and his wife are dead and one of his children is in critical condition.”
“It’s too much,” Louisa said. “I can’t deal with all this.”
“Do you want me to come over?” Frank asked.
“No.” He had his own family and his own sorrows to take care of. She should count her blessings. No matter what was destroyed at the condo, it was only physical possessions. No one was hurt. “I’ll be okay.”
“Are you sure?” he asked.
“Yes. And I’ll call Daniel to let him know as well. I don’t want Cyrus to be worried.”
“And Justin.”
Justin. Just hearing his name and knowing that he cared for her made her feel stronger. “Yes, I’ll call him, too.”
“All right then,” Frank said. “Is there anything you want me to do?”
“No, thank you. I appreciate the call.”
Later, after she’d talked to Daniel, she called Michelle, to have her hire people to protect what was left at the condo and prevent looting. Finally, she was able to call Justin.
Since he was in Los Angeles, he hadn’t heard the local news from Dallas. He was suitably horrified and concerned for her. “It’s a miracle we weren’t both there, sound asleep.”
“I know.” It was sobering.
They spoke for a while, and he asked her about her plans. She said, “I’ll stay at the apartment for a few days, but eventually we have to live somewhere.”
“Where do you want to go?”
“I don’t know. I don’t want to live downtown, but I don’t want to have a long commute, either.”
“But you’re going to keep the driving service,” Justin said.
“Yes.” She sighed. “I guess I contact a realtor and have her start looking. But right now, that sounds exhausting. I don’t even want to consider the options. I don’t have time for this. It’s taking longer that I thought to get the Champ back in production because we have to clean the equipment and have it inspected.”
“Better safe than sorry.”
“Right, but it all takes time. We’re moving forward with the Aunt Mimi’s caramel popcorn, and Marketing is starting a new campaign called ‘Sweet Addictions’ for Little Bits.”
“An offshoot of your statement?”
“Yes. It’s getting a lot of attention.” She sighed. “Maybe we should stay in the apartment.”
“But Frank uses it, too.”
“Yes.”
He said, “What about my house? It’s in Lakewood, rather than Highland Park, but it won’t be a long commute.”
She was stunned. “You’d do that?”
“Why not? You’re my wife. Mi casa, su casa.”
He was doing his best to accommodate her. She frowned. “But I thought you were leasing your house.”
“I was going to, but I didn’t like any of the potential tenants.”
“Lucky for us,” Louisa said.
“We could use some luck.”
“Yes. Your house will be fine. Thank you.” Louisa snuggled down into the bed covers, wishing he was with her. “Speaking of luck, how’s that trial coming?”
Justin said, “It’s going to the jury tomorrow and I hope they are rational enough to understand the fine points of contract law.”
“That’s your job to educate them.”
“Naturally.” She heard the amusement in his voice and wished she could see him smile. She missed him.
They conversed for another half hour, about Cyrus, a little about Frank, and a little more about Brannigan’s. She told him someone had posted online a gif of her eating the chocolate, which was the first time she’d laughed in weeks.
“Send me the link.”
“Will do.”
They talked until she yawned and found it difficult to pay attention to what he was saying. Even though she was dead tired, she didn’t want to say good-bye. She didn’t want to lose her connection to him.
The thought stunned her.
She quickly said “good night” and disconnected the call.
When had Justin become so important to her?
Looking back, she realized that there hadn’t been a single defining moment — it had been gradual.
He was so nice, he’d worked his way into her heart.
Did she love him?
She didn’t know.
Did she want to love him?
She’d made a logical arrangement with him in order to influence Cyrus — so that she would inherit a majority share of Brannigan’s. Their temporary marriage had a planned expiration date.
Brannigan’s would always be first with her, but could she have Justin as well?
Would he want to stay?
He’d said he was physically attracted to her and that he liked her.
Was that sufficient to make a happy marriage?
Frank’s car accident had scared her, reminding her of the fragility of life. She didn’t want to live like an emotional hermit, feeling nothing, caring for no one.
But love was a risk.
She was glad Justin was going to be out of town for a few more days so she’d have time to think.

* * *

Justin was eager to get home, back to Louisa. The jury had decided in Brannigan’s favor and awarded substantial damages. He drove straight from the DFW airport back to the office. Louisa’s office door was open, so he leaned his head in. “How’s it going?” he asked.
She walked towards him and gave him a hug. “It’s going better now, now that you’re here. I’ve missed you.” She reached up and kissed him briefly.
He must have looked as surprised as he felt because she laughed and said, “Have a seat.” She closed her office door, then sat down in the upholstered chair and crossed her long legs. Today’s black was high heels, a slim straight skirt and a silky blouse. He was reminded of that first day she’d invited him into her office.
Justin looked around for Cyrus, but didn’t see him. He sat in the chair, wary. Who was she trying to impress?
“Is there something wrong?”
“No,” he said carefully. “But you just pitched a knuckleball, and I’m not sure how to respond.”
She smiled. “I don’t know what a knuckleball is, so how can I pitch one?”
He knew she didn’t want a technical discussion of spin and air currents. “That kiss. You surprised me.”
Her eyes sparkled. “Is that good or bad?”
She was definitely challenging him. Flirting with him. “Okay, let’s try that again,” he said, and stood up. He removed his winter coat and placed it carefully on the back of the chair. Then he removed his suit jacket. He stretched like a batter at home plate.
Louisa watched him, amused. “You’re warming up?”
“I’m already warm,” he promised. “I’m just getting ready for your next pitch.”
“What if I only have one pitch?”
“Then I can hit it out of the park.” He walked over to her and took her hand. “Stand up and tell me again that you missed me.”
She hesitated for a split second, and he knew he was taking a risk. Would she balk?
Then she stood so they were only inches apart. Her blue eyes looked up at him bravely.
Justin smiled to put her at ease. “Would it help if I said I missed you, too?”
“I missed y—“
He didn’t wait for her to finish the word before bringing his mouth down to hers. She didn’t pull away, but met him. He caught her shoulders, pulling her against him, and deepened the kiss.
For a moment, her hands were flat against his chest, then they inched up around his neck to embrace him. Justin smiled against her lips and kissed her again, long and slow.
Louisa retreated a fraction of an inch and he let his arms fall to his sides. He stepped back and watched her closely, trying to gauge her reaction. Had he gone too far, too soon?
She smiled and smoothed her hair. She sat back in her chair, crossing her legs. She said pleasantly, “Now that we’ve established the fact that we both missed each other, why don’t you sit down?”
Her words were businesslike, but there was a subtle lilt to her voice that gave him hope.
He sat in the chair opposite hers.
“You’re thinking again,” she said.
“Uh huh.”
“Are you going to tell me what you’re thinking?”
“No. A good pitcher doesn’t telegraph his plans.”
Her smile faded. “Is this a game to you?”
“In what way?”
“Spoken like a lawyer.”
He could tell that he was losing ground rapidly. She had kissed him, but now she was withdrawing emotionally. “I think in terms of games,” he said quickly. “Baseball is my metaphor for life. We all have to step up to the plate and face what’s coming at us. Work, Love, Relationships. We either rise to the occasion, or we don’t.”
She frowned. “The battle of the sexes?”
“It’s not a war, although some people turn it into one. Some people call it a dance or chemistry, but I think of it as a baseball game.”
“With a winner and a loser.”
He could tell that she did not understand. “In baseball, yes, each game has a winner, but that’s not all it is. I didn’t hate my opponents, I liked them, I admired them, I enjoyed the –“
“Competition.”
“Sport,” he corrected. “Baseball is more than one game. There’s a shared history, a camaraderie. I know it’s not a perfect analogy to relationships between men and women, but it’s the way I think.”
“So you’re keeping score.”
“I can’t help it. But unlike a baseball game, I ultimately want us both to win.”
“Is that possible?” Louisa asked coolly.
“I think so. My parents were happy. My sister and her husband appear to be happy. Frank and Teri —” He stopped.
Louisa nodded, her eyes suddenly solemn with pain. “Yes, they were happy.”
Justin didn’t know what else to say. He wished he had kept his mouth shut. He’d had one good hit, followed by nothing but strike-outs today.
Louisa was silent for a minute, then said thoughtfully. “Maybe you’re right.” She smiled weakly. “Maybe it’s time for me to step up to the plate. I’m sorry I over-reacted to your analogy. I tend to view life more in business terms. Contracts. Marketing. Profit and loss.”
“An equally valid perspective,” he said cautiously. As long as she was still in the game.

* * *

Within a week, they moved into Justin’s house, taking a few pieces of furniture that were salvageable from her condo and filling in with some of Justin’s belongings. Louisa was sad when she saw her home gutted and empty, with the scaffolding outside. It was uncertain whether they would be able to repair the damage or if the entire condo building would have to be rebuilt.
Justin held her hand and gave an encouraging squeeze.
His home was smaller than the condo, but lovely with original ornate woodwork similar to the Craftsman homes built in the 1930s. Louisa was enchanted. The back yard had landscaped flowerbeds and a gazebo. Although it was February and most of the plants were brown, Louisa could tell that in the spring, it would be beautiful. She understood now why he had been reluctant to lease it. He would want whoever lived there to take good care of his jewel.
The master bedroom was too small to contain a king-sized bed comfortably, so Justin had his queen-sized bed taken out of storage. “Is that going to be a problem for you?” he asked.
“Why would it be?”
He hesitated. “I meant for us. Sharing a smaller bed. I was hoping we no longer needed separate bedrooms.”
She supposed he was right. She slept next to him every night now. It was ridiculous to pretend otherwise. “A queen-sized bed will be fine,” she said. “And I don’t need a separate bedroom. It’s better to use the bedrooms as offices.”
“I agree. Much more efficient.”
For a moment she wondered if he was mocking her, then realized that he was teasing. She met his gaze straight on. “Yes,” she said dryly. “It will save on laundry. Less sheets.”
He smiled, and Louisa felt a responding glow of pleasure. Was this what he meant by playing the game?
She took a deep breath, gathering courage. “When we got married, you mentioned renegotiating the terms of our arrangement.”
Justin’s eyes widened. “Do you mean sex?”
She nodded. She’d been thinking about it for days now, particularly when he was out of town. After being so adamant about keeping their relationship platonic, it was embarrassing to admit, that sometimes when they woke together, she wished he wasn’t quite such a gentleman. She said, “I’m ready to talk about it.”
For several seconds he was silent, and she could almost see his mental wheels turning. Eventually, he said, “When?”
She smiled. “To talk about it or do it?”
“Do it.”
“Tonight, if that’s convenient for you.”
His eyes gleamed. “I’ll put it on my calendar.”
He was playing the game, too. “Good.”

* * *

That night, she noticed that he’d bought night lights and placed them throughout the house so that none of the rooms were completely dark. Louisa appreciated that. She changed into a new nightgown and styled her hair. She debated whether she should wear make-up, which was ridiculous because he’d seen her clean face pale in the evenings for months, and in the end she compromised with a tinted moisturizer and a little mascara. She looked at her reflection in the mirror. You can do this, she told herself. You want this.
She took a deep steadying breath and stepped out of the master bathroom.
He was already in bed, waiting. “Hi.”
He was beautiful with his thick blonde hair and square jaw. That bare chest that had been her pillow for weeks.
Her stomach tightened, and she didn’t know if it was from fear or anticipation. “Hi.” She slipped under the covers and slid close to him. This shouldn’t be so difficult. She’d been sleeping next to him, half on top of him for weeks now. Sex was the next logical step.
He smiled. “Nervous?”
“A little.”
“Me, too.”
This surprised her. “You? Why?”
He looked deep into her eyes. “Because I’ve been thinking about this for a long time.” He kissed her gently. “And I want tonight to be perfect for you.”
“So do I,” she whispered.
And it was perfect, at first.
But as their kisses intensified, a sour taste grew in the back of her throat. Louisa tried to ignore it and focus on the feel of him and his murmured endearments, until it was too late.
She broke from Justin’s embrace and ran to the bathroom, where she vomited into the toilet. Afterwards, she closed the door and locked it, and sat on the edge of the tub, humiliated and horrified.
What would Justin think?
This was worse than the day in the elevator.
She didn’t know how long she sat there, wishing she was normal and not a neurotic mess, but eventually she washed her face, brushed her teeth, and wrapped herself in a towel. When she came back to the bedroom, she saw that Justin had turned on all the lights. He sat up in bed, sheets to his waist. “Feeling better now?” he asked calmly.
“No.”
She walked into the closet and changed into a heavy velour robe that zipped up the front. Perhaps it was silly, but she wanted something substantial between them. She said, “I’m sorry about that.” She looked away, unable to meet his steady gaze.
“You don’t need to apologize.”
She said quietly, “Maybe I should sleep on the couch.”
“No. If you don’t want to be next to me, I’ll sleep on the couch.”
She twisted her hands in front of herself. “I’d like to sleep with you. Just not –“
“Have sex.”
“Yes.”
“So I gathered.”
She was amazed by the hint of amusement in his voice.
He pulled the covers back so she could join him.
She hesitated, then slid in beside him. But instead of cuddling close, she lay on her side of the bed and stared up at the ceiling. “I’m so sorry,” she said again. “I thought I was ready.”
“What happened?” he asked gently. “Did you change your mind?”
“No.” It was difficult to explain. “I wanted, I still want, to be closer to you, but all of a sudden you were too close and I felt as if I was suffocating.”
He was silent for a few seconds, then said, “Next time, we can take it slower, and if you start to feel bad, just tell me, and we’ll stop.”
“Next time?” she repeated incredulously. “You’re braver than I am.”
“When you’re ready,” he added.
“I’m not sure I’ll ever be ready.”
“I can wait.”
Louisa was dumbfounded by his patience. His kindness. Justin was different from every man she’d ever known, not just Brian. They were both silent for a few minutes, then Justin said, “I’m going to give you one kiss, then try to go to sleep.”
She stiffened, but the kiss was short and sweet. He smiled at her as if to say, don’t worry. It’s going to be all right. “Good night,” he said.
“Good night.”
She lay there, thinking, listening to his breathing as it slowed and softened. Was he asleep already? After tonight’s fiasco, she wasn’t certain she’d ever fall asleep again.
She heard what sounded like a muffled laugh. Her heart felt like lead. Was he laughing at her? “What is it?”
He raised himself up on one elbow. “Sorry, I was just thinking –“
She steadied herself. “Thinking what?”
“You’re not the first woman I made puke.”
The phrase and his word choice were so unexpected, she gasped. “What?”
“Although, technically, she was a girl, not a woman.”
“Who?”
“Julie Stewart, the love of my life when I was sixteen.”
She relaxed. “Tell me about her.”
“Julie was tall and slim, like you. Blonde.” Justin reached over and smoothed back a strand of her hair that had fallen in her face. “You see, I hadn’t matured enough to prefer brunettes.”
Louisa smiled. She knew he was flattering her, but she appreciated it, especially tonight, when she felt so stupid and awkward.
He continued, “I admired Julie for a year in school before I had the nerve to ask her out. I saved money from my summer job, mowing lawns, and took her to the State Fair, which was an expensive date back then.”
“Trying to impress her?”
“I had ulterior motives,” he confessed.
His good humor was infectious. “What motives?”
“I was hoping she’d cling to me when we went on the rollercoaster.”
“That was your strategy?”
“Yep. I was always thinking back then, too.”
“So what happened?”
He sighed dramatically. “It was all going well until we rode the Tilt-a-Whirl.” He spun his finger in circles. “It had spinning cars on a bigger spinning circle that tipped up and down.” He made a waving motion.
Louisa’s still slightly queasy stomach clenched in sympathy. “Oh, no.”
“And it wouldn’t have been so bad, if she hadn’t just eaten two hot dogs, a Coke, and a rope of red licorice.”
“That stuff’s terrible.”
Justin nodded. “It stains.”
“So she threw up?”
“All over me, all over her, all over the seat.”
She laughed, which made him laugh, which made her laugh harder until tears came to her eyes. “What did you do?” she said finally, when she could talk again.
“What could I do? We tried to clean up in one of the bathrooms, but our clothes still stunk. I bought her a new t-shirt to wear, but it wasn’t enough. She was embarrassed and felt bad, and I felt like an idiot.”
“What a miserable first date.”
“And last date,” he admitted. “She was polite, and thanked me for a good time when I took her home, but she never talked to me again.”
“That’s terrible.”
“It was. But I survived.” He was quiet for a moment, then added, “So as far as my making someone vomit, you weren’t the first or the worst.”
Louisa sighed. It had been good to laugh to relieve the tension between them. She felt a little better now. “But it was bad tonight.”
Justin shook his head. “Try not to think about that. The first part was great.” He adjusted his pillow and lay back down.
“Thank you.” The beginning had been good, before her fears had kicked in.
Not for the first time, she wished she’d never met Brian, never married him. Unfortunately, most of the stories about her ex-husband were not ones she could laugh at. Louisa was quiet for a few moments; so was Justin, and she wondered if he was finally falling asleep. “Good night,” she said again.
“Uh huh.”
She shifted and turned on her side to face him. She still wanted to talk, to feel an emotional connection with him. She asked, “Why are you so nice to me?”
He yawned and answered without opening his eyes. “Simple. I love you.”
Louisa drew her breath in sharply. “Don’t say that.”
“Why not? It’s true.”
The words seemed to lay between them, making her feel worse. When people say, “I love you” they want the other person to echo it back to them. “I – I don’t know what to say.”
“Then don’t say anything.”
She could tell he was tired. Either that, or he was good at faking it. She wanted to put her head on his chest and fall asleep as she usually did, but it didn’t seem fair. He was giving everything to her, and she gave him nothing in return.
She waited until she thought he was asleep and scooted closer to him.
He put his arm around her and smoothed her hair.
She rested her head on his bare chest and sighed. She didn’t know what she felt for Justin, but she was glad he was still in her life.

CHAPTER NINE

In mid February, Frank’s baby Sophie was born, and two days later, Teri finally slipped away.
Louisa was exhausted, but knew that compared to Frank, her life was peaceful. Cyrus attended the funeral and insisted on going to the graveside service as well.
She sat on a cold folding chair while the minister spoke briefly about God’s mercy before Teri’s casket was lowered into the ground.
Louisa believed in God, she often prayed to him, but she didn’t understand how it could be part of his plan to have Teri die before her children were raised. Teri had been a wonderful, vibrant woman. She’d loved being a wife and a mother. If she could look down on them from heaven, it would grieve her to know that her two girls were going to be motherless.
But at least the children still had their father. She and Frank had not been so fortunate more than twenty-five years before.
Louisa looked around at the small gathering of family and friends, and suddenly she didn’t like the color black. Teri would have hated having everyone dress dark and somber, but it was traditional, so they’d all done it. Teri had often teased Louisa, begging her to wear brighter colors. “Life’s not one big funeral,” she’d said.
Louisa looked over at Cyrus. His face was pale and hollow. He looked as if he’d aged another ten years. Every day, she expected to hear bad news about him. And that would require another funeral. Another black dress.
After the graveside service, Frank just stood, not talking, so Louisa mingled, thanking people for coming.
In addition to Teri’s family, there were a few cousins, a few Brannigan’s employees, and a few of Frank’s co-workers. Louisa recognized Dr. Verdoorn who had been so helpful after the accident. She approached her and thanked her again.
“No problem,” the surgeon said in her husky voice. She looked down at the grave and for a moment, Louisa wondered if there were tears in her eyes. “Teri was the best friend I ever had.”
Louisa was stunned. “I didn’t know. That must have been doubly hard for you to take care of her that night.”
Dr. Verdoorn smiled briefly. “No, I was glad I could help.”
Louisa’s heart tightened. She would have hugged the older woman, but judging from the stiff way she held herself, Louisa was afraid she might be offended, so she merely patted her arm and murmured, “thank you,” once again. She walked onto other mourners and conversed with them briefly.
She saw Justin walking around the graveyard, holding Emma’s hand. She held a small bouquet in her other hand. She was chatting with him and smiling about something.
Louisa walked up to them and Justin kissed her cheek. This was a recent development. Now, whenever they met or left each other, Justin kissed her. It was comforting and proved to her that he wasn’t angry that she’d been unable to have sex that night.
Maybe he did love her.
She still wanted to have sex with him, but was afraid to try. In analyzing what had gone wrong, she realized that setting a specific time frame had given her too much time to worry. In the future, it might be better for her to be spontaneous. Although planning to be spontaneous seemed counterintuitive.
“How are you doing?” Justin asked.
“I’m okay.” She smiled at Emma who showed her the flowers.
“Mamma likes her roses, but Uncle Justin said I could have some. Not too many.”
“Thank you,” Louisa said softly. She appreciated the way he’d noticed what needed to be done, and had done it, calmly, without fanfare. She hoped that Emma would have a few good memories from her mother’s funeral, better than hers were. Cyrus had been so full of his own grief, he didn’t have much patience for her or Frank. At one point he’d yelled at her, telling her to sit still and be quiet, so she had.
She glanced over at her grandfather. He was a good man, and she’d forgiven him for his few parental mistakes. He had done the best he could, and he loved her. There was no point in second guessing all the choices he’d made.
Two days after the funeral, Cyrus went to the hospital with pneumonia, probably a direct result of being outside. He had a high fever and wasn’t coherent. Frank visited, but he couldn’t spend a lot of time. He had to be home to take care of Emma and Sophie. Louisa delegated what she could at work, and spent hours by Cyrus’ side. Every night, she walked straight into Justin’s open arms for a long hug.

* * *

Justin woke in the middle of the night to find that he was lying on top of Louisa, their legs entwined, his fingers grasping a handful of her nightgown. Ooops. No wonder his dreams were so interesting. He quietly let go of the silky material and started to roll back over to his side of the bed, then he noticed that she was awake, watching him. He squinted in the semi-darkness, trying to read her expression.
He hoped he hadn’t frightened her, but he also hoped she wouldn’t hold him responsible for what he did in his sleep. “Sorry,” he murmured and then she surprised him by kissing him full on the mouth.
Was he still dreaming? This was a new Louisa, warm and amorous.
He pulled back. “I don’t understand. Are we —?”
She pressed her fingers to his lips, not letting him finish the question. “Shh. Don’t talk,” she said, and kissed him again.
Fine with him. Talking was over-rated anyway.
Much later, as Louisa slept, curled next to him, he tried to understand what had just happened.
How could she be paralyzed by fear one night and a few weeks later, clutch him as if she’d never let him go?
Not that he was complaining. Sex with Louisa was better than he’d hoped for.
Definitely worth the wait.
He knew there would be some awkwardness; that was inevitable with her history, but he’d been surprised by how grateful she was. He sensed that even before Brian had turned into a violent bastard, he had been a selfish and impatient lover.
Sweet Louisa. She deserved so much better, and he’d do everything in his power to make her happy.
He smiled at the memory. He liked tonight’s sexy, silent Louisa but he had a feeling that she wouldn’t want to talk about it in the morning, just as she hadn’t talked about practically disrobing him in the elevator, or when she first started sharing his bed.
It was as if she couldn’t admit that she had a soft side under her corporate exterior.
But that was okay.
She was a fascinating, complicated woman. He’d take whatever she was willing to give.

* * *

Amazingly, Cyrus rallied, and returned home to the condo after ten days in the hospital. He had a full-time nursing staff to care for him. He was too exhausted to host a meal, so Louisa and Justin came by on Friday for a brief visit.
Louisa thought Cyrus was looking better. He had more color to his cheeks and he spoke lucidly. His illness had frightened her. As much as she had been mentally preparing herself for his death, she was not ready. Not ready to say good-bye and not ready to face whatever happened to Brannigan’s.
Would he leave the controlling shares to her and Frank?
In the past few months, he’d grown softer and seemed to appreciate her more. She felt that marrying Justin had been a wise move. She talked to Cyrus, sharing some of the Brannigan’s news, but he didn’t seem to be interested.
He peered at her closely. “You look different. Did you change your hair?”
“No.” She glanced down at her dress. “I’m wearing red instead of black, is that it?”
He frowned. “Something’s different.”
Louisa said, “I think I look the same. Nothing’s changed.” She glanced at Justin, to see if he knew what Cyrus was referring to, and he winked.
“I know what it is,” he began with a dangerous glint in his eye.
“No,” she hissed. She glared at him. Don’t you dare mention sex.
Justin smiled innocently. “Louisa has started a new exercise program.”
Cyrus nodded. “That’s good.”
Louisa let her breath out in a gusty sigh, and smiled ruefully at Justin, shaking her head slightly. Just you wait.
When they got to his car, Justin opened the door and she slid inside. She said, “Do I really look different?”
Justin smiled. “A little.”
“Don’t tell me men know whether a woman is sexually active.”
“No. But some women have a more confident walk. They move like they are comfortable in their skin. I can’t explain it.”
Louisa groaned. “Is this what you men think about?”
“Sometimes. But I’m not interested in other women. I’m interested in you. I watch you. I try to read your reactions. Your thoughts.”
“But what about Cyrus?”
“Don’t worry. You look happier. That’s all he noticed.”
Louisa considered this information. She was happy, perhaps genuinely happy for the first time in years. She felt lighter, as if the weight of her responsibilities had been reduced. Work was going well, The Champ was back in stores, and in the evenings, she was happy to come home to Justin’s house. Now that they’d finally had sex, she wasn’t as nervous around him. She trusted him. Occasionally, a sudden movement still spooked her, but she hadn’t thrown up again, and Justin was patient, never getting offended or angry the few times she had to pull back.
He even made a joke about it, telling her that “abstinence builds character.”
She looked at Justin. “Are you happier?”
“Yes.”

* * *

As March progressed, Justin grew increasingly concerned about Cyrus. He spoke less when they visited. He was too tired to attend the signing celebration for Brannigan’s contract with Aunt Mimi’s. Justin didn’t say it, but for Louisa’s sake, he hoped that Cyrus wouldn’t die on the day of the celebration. He wanted Louisa to enjoy her success.
The day of the signing, photographs were taken, and there was a press release and a brief reception in a large conference room with key employees from the two companies. Louisa was radiant, wearing a fitted bright pink dress that bared her knees and a matching suit jacket. No black today, other than a necklace about her throat and very high heels. Her legs looked great, and he was pleased to see that she was wearing hose.
He liked bare legs as much as anyone, but there was something about the slippery smoothness of hose that he found particularly attractive.
Louisa caught him looking at her and smiled in response across the room, before addressing the person beside her.
It was times like this, when Justin couldn’t believe his good fortune. How he loved her. He was the luckiest man alive because Louisa Brannigan had chosen to marry him.
He hadn’t been part of the planning or negotiations for the Brannigan’s/Aunt Mimi partnership, so he stood back, quietly observing the crowd. He watched as she mingled. Perhaps it was due to Teri’s death and Cyrus’ declining health, and the recent peanut recall, but it seemed to him that everyone at Brannigan’s liked Louisa more. He rarely heard anyone call her the Black Widow anymore.
Rick Boudreaux, the owner of Aunt Mimi’s, was the center of attention. He was taller than Louisa in her heels, approximately six-foot-three or four, and handsome, with curling light brown hair and golden skin that looked like he had a permanent tan. Justin watched as Rick smiled and shook hands with the guests.
Definitely a player. Women clustered around him.
He watched as Louisa smiled at him and they talked. He didn’t think he had any reason to be jealous, but the man was a force of nature and it would be unwise to ignore him.
Later, he was at the refreshment table when Rick Boudreaux approached him. “I’m Rick. Nice to meet you,” he said and shook his hand with a firm grip. He had a slight southern drawl that seemed genuine.
“Justin.”
For a few seconds, they looked at each other, making silent assessments. Rick said, “I understand the caramel popcorn was your idea. Thank you.”
Justin said, “I’ve eaten a lot of your sweet rolls. The popcorn seemed like a natural extension of what you already do well.”
Rick nodded. “Let’s hope it’s profitable for both of us.” He glanced briefly at Louisa, then back at Justin. “Your wife is a shrewd negotiator. Brannigan’s is in good hands.”
Justin smiled. “I think so.”
Later that afternoon, Justin spoke with Louisa alone in her office. She’d slipped out of the suit jacket and he saw that the dress was sleeveless. It was pretty, but for some reason he missed her in black. But he supposed he could get used to colored clothes as well, as long as she was still the one underneath them. She sipped a glass of water. “I think that went well. It’s a shame Cyrus couldn’t make it.”
Justin nodded.
She took a piece of caramel popcorn from a tray on her desk and brought it up to her mouth. She saw him observing her and explained, “I couldn’t taste it at the reception because I didn’t want to redo my lipstick or brush my teeth. I’d lose my rank as the ninth sexiest CEO in America with caramel on my teeth.”
Justin smiled. That was a reference to a recent article on the Internet. Since the peanut recall, there had been a greater media interest in Brannigan’s and her, as well.
Louisa thought most of it was silliness, but didn’t mind if it increased sales.
She took a bite of the popcorn, chewed it, savored it. She swallowed. “This really is good, even if I do say so myself.” She licked her fingers. “I think Ginger would be pleased.”
“I think so, too.”
“Rick seems to be a savvy business man.”
Did she want his approval? Justin said, “And good-looking.”
She raised one eyebrow.
Justin said, “You know I’m happily heterosexual, but I admit it, the man is attractive.”
She nodded. “Michelle says he’s sex on two legs. Which is an odd expression. It’s not as if someone is going to be sex on four legs.”
Justin smiled.
Louisa laughed. “Michelle also says that when she met him, her ovaries exploded.”
“What about your ovaries?”
Louisa walked up to him and kissed him. “Don’t worry. Rick Boudreaux is a handsome, charming man, but I have my own handsome, charming man, so I’m not interested in him. My ovaries are still intact.” She kissed him again and wrapped her arms around his waist. “If my ovaries ever do explode, trust me, they’ll explode for you.”
Her words startled him. “Are you saying you’re willing to have kids?”
“Kids?” she repeated, pulling back. “No. That’s not what I meant.”
He frowned. “Not now or not ever?”
Louisa looked uncomfortable. “I don’t think kids are a good idea when our relationship isn’t permanent.”
Justin felt as if he was on the receiving end of beanball, straight to the head. He was momentarily dazed. Their relationship had been progressing so well, he’d mistakenly thought that they were becoming permanent. He looked into her clear honest eyes. Louisa liked him, but she didn’t love him. She might enjoy sleeping with him, but their marriage was a temporary measure to help her inherit a controlling interest in Brannigan’s. No more and no less.
Some of what he felt must have shown on his face, because she said quickly, “I’m sorry, that sounded rude.”
He said, “No. You’re just clarifying the situation. Thank you.” He stepped out of her embrace. Time to walk away from the batter’s box and back to the dugout. No complaints. No whining. He smiled to put her at ease. “If you’ll excuse me, I have work to do.”

CHAPTER TEN

With the warmer weather, Cyrus seemed to be doing better. Louisa was relieved. His breathing was smoother, not so shallow, and he finally felt good enough to have them over for lunch again. He said little, but seemed to enjoy the conversations around him. He laughed at Justin’s jokes. After one Friday luncheon, Louisa told Frank that she thought Cyrus might live another year or two.
Frank said, “Don’t count on it.”
In April, Justin took Louisa to a professional baseball game at the Ballpark in Arlington. Louisa sat next to him. They were sitting in the open seats, rather than an air conditioned private room. “Baseball should be watched in the open air,” Justin said.
Louisa said nothing. Open air was fine in Dallas in April, but by July, those air conditioned rooms would be much more comfortable.
They ordered drinks and hot dogs. “But no red licorice,” she said.
Justin smiled. “My shirt thanks you.”
As the game began, Justin told her about some of the finer points of strategy. “Baseball is a mind game. It comes down to the pitcher and the batter. If they’ve done their homework — and believe me, if they haven’t, they won’t last at this level — they know each other’s history, their strengths and their weaknesses …”
Like husband and wife, she thought, amused that she was beginning to adopt Justin’s baseball analogies.
She enjoyed watching Justin talk, seeing the light in his eye and his expressive hands as he gestured. She didn’t try to remember all the details. She had a feeling that if they stayed married, she would eventually become an expert on baseball.
If they stayed married.
The thought didn’t bother her as it might have before. She watched him as he watched the game. She could tell he loved it. “Do you miss it?” she asked.
“What?”
“Playing ball.”
“Not really. I was good, but not great. I’m a much better lawyer.”
“But you enjoyed it.”
“Yes.”
“And one of these days, you’ll buy a team?”
“Maybe. Hey,” Justin said suddenly. “The Ice King.”
She blinked. “What?”
“Rex Lewis, the Ice King. I didn’t know he was still playing. He had some shoulder problems last year, and the rumor was that he was going to retire. I’m glad to see him. He must be doing better.”
“I don’t know who the Ice King is.”
“He’s a pitcher. Two no hitters. I knew him in college. We were on the same team.”
Louisa asked, “Do you want to invite him out to dinner after the game?”
Justin looked surprised.
“That is, if you’re friends.”
“I don’t know how we’d reach him.”
“Easy,” Louisa said, and keyed information into her smart phone. “Michelle will find his contact information. Probably before this inning’s over.”
Justin didn’t say anything for a moment, just watched her with a bemused expression.
She said, “If you don’t want to ask him, we won’t.”
Justin shook his head. “Sometimes I forget that I’m in a different world now.”
“And what world is that?”
“A world of money and power. Married to the CEO of a multi-billion dollar company. If you want something, you send Michelle to track it down. You could have lunch with the President of the United States.”
“The President has better things to do.”
“Until it’s time for re-election and he needs campaign contributions.”
“Brannigan’s makes donations to both parties.”
“Very wise,” Justin agreed.
She could tell that he didn’t understand. “Money is important, I’m not saying it isn’t. But underneath that, we’re just people. If the Ice-King is your friend, invite him to dinner. It’s not that big of a deal.”
Justin just smiled and turned back to the game.
As she had predicted, within fifteen minutes, Michelle emailed her a list of contact numbers for the Ice-King’s agent, the team manager, and the manager’s assistant. Michelle thought the assistant was the best bet. “Eureka,” Louisa said happily.
“Michelle is amazing.”
“She’s a true sleuth. I don’t know what I’d do without her.”
Justin looked thoughtful. “Did Michelle do my background search before you proposed?”
“No, a private investigator did that. Michelle provided the names of different services, but I kept my search private — completely separate from Brannigan’s business.”
“I’m relieved. I don’t want Michelle knowing the brand of my underwear.”
Louisa laughed. “That wasn’t in the report.”
“Some day, I’d like to see that report.”
“Why?”
“I’d like to know what you know.”
“Homework before you batter up?” Louisa guessed.
“Exactly.”

* * *

Four days later, Cyrus died in his sleep. Daniel called to inform Louisa, and after that, everything seemed to go quickly.
Louisa made a statement to Brannigan’s employees, assuring them that Brannigan’s would go forth smoothly, but inwardly, she quaked. She hoped she and Frank would inherit, but there were no guarantees. According to Cyrus’ wishes, the will would not be read until the day after his funeral.
The media covered Cyrus’ death and there was speculation about the transfer of ownership. Most assumed that ownership would remain within the family, but the question was: which members of the family?
Louisa’s various cousins expressed their condolences and asked if there was anything they could do to help.
Vultures, she thought, but recognized that she was a bit of a vulture herself.
She assured them that Cyrus had planned his funeral months before, and all they had to do was show up for the viewing Thursday evening and the service the next day.
The funeral was well attended with family, friends and business connections. Frank had planned to read the eulogy, but choked after the first few lines, overcome by emotion. After an uncomfortable minute of silence, Justin stepped up and asked him if he’d like him to finish reading it for him. Frank nodded and stepped down from the podium.
Louisa’s heart was full, watching the two men she loved most.
Loved?
Yes, she realized, she did love Justin. He was part of her family now.
That night, she told him.
They lay together in Justin’s queen-sized bed. “There’s something I need to tell you,” Louisa said.
Justin’s steady gaze met hers. “Is it about tomorrow? Have you heard something?”
“No. I’m worried about that, and what will happen, but I wanted to talk to you tonight. About something else.”
He waited.
Louisa swallowed. It shouldn’t be so difficult. “I want you to know that I appreciate you and everything you’ve done the past six months. You made Cyrus very happy.”
“Thank you.”
“And you’ve made me happy, too.”
Justin reached over and kissed her briefly. “I’m glad.”
She looked deep into his eyes. “I love you.”
He smiled. “I love you, too.”
More kisses.
Louisa put her hands on his chest. “Wait a second.”
He held himself back, concerned. “Is there a problem?”
“No, no problem,” she said, grateful that was true. “But before we do anything more, I just want you to know that as far as I’m concerned, we are permanent. This is a real marriage.”
“Not just a corporate merger?”
“That’s right.”
She saw love and adoration in his eyes. He asked, “And after tomorrow?”
She said, “It doesn’t matter. Even if Cyrus divides it among all my cousins and Brannigan’s implodes within a year, I want to stay with you.” She had a sudden fear. “Do you want to stay with me?”
He smiled. “Absolutely.”
That was a relief.
He kissed her again. “I feel completely married now.”
So did she. She snuggled closer. Although she worried about what tomorrow might bring, she felt safe with Justin. She didn’t have to question her feelings any longer. He was hers, and she was his.
A few moments later, she was surprised to hear him give a little laugh. She recognized the sound. He must be thinking again. She was learning that with Justin, laughter could be part of their love-making. “What is it?”
His eyes gleamed. “If we’re finally truly married, that makes this our honeymoon.”
Louisa laughed as well. “Good idea.”

* * *

The will was read in a large conference room of a private law firm. Louisa sat next to Justin, wearing a black suit. She was steady, but pale. Justin wished he could say something to make her feel better, but until the will was read, there was nothing more he could do. Frank was also there, as well as nearly two dozen of the extended family. It was a somber crowd. A few people whispered among themselves, but everyone was there to learn what would happen to Brannigan’s.
The will began with the normal legal jargon. Cyrus began by providing a generous annuity to Daniel. That was to be expected. Then he shared his cash assets equally with all his relations. Louisa’s hand clutched Justin’s for support.
Justin glanced at her, saying nothing.
Cyrus’ personal effects were to be divided among Louisa and Frank. Not a problem. No one else in the room wanted his memorabilia.
Various real estate was to be placed in a trust with the profits also to be divided equally.
The cousins seemed pleased. Louisa’s jaw clenched. Justin squeezed her hand. If all the stock was divided equally, there was still hope. She and Frank would still own more than anyone else, and with some shrewd negotiating, they might be able to engineer a majority.
The lawyer who was reading the will, took a break to drink from a bottle of water.
Fine dramatic pacing, Justin thought as everyone waited.
“All my shares of Brannigan’s, Incorporated, I hereby give outright to Justin Henry Reilly –“
Hell. Justin didn’t hear the rest of the paragraph. He looked at Louisa. Her face was white. She pulled her hand away from his.
“I don’t –” he began.
The lawyer glared at him. They were not supposed to talk until the reading of the will was over.
He tried to read Louisa’s expression, but she wouldn’t look at him. Instead, she turned away, her hand over the lower half of her face to hide her expression.
The moment the lawyer stopped talking, Louisa stood and left the room. Justin quickly followed after her. “I don’t know what Cyrus was thinking,” he started to say.
Louisa looked at him, and her eyes were like ice. “You’re good,” she said finally. “Much better than Brian.”
The words cut through him. “That’s not what –”
“I should have paid more attention when you said it was all a game. You won. Congratulations.”
Justin felt as if she’d struck him. “Louisa –” he begged.
“I don’t have anything more to say to you.” She turned to leave, and he caught her arm.
She froze. “Don’t touch me.”
Reluctantly he let go of her arm and she walked quickly away.

* * *

Louisa couldn’t think; she couldn’t plan. All she knew was that she had to escape; she had to leave Dallas. She didn’t want to see anyone. She didn’t want to talk to anyone. She told her driver to head south, toward Waxahachie. “Just go until you run out of gas.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
She leaned her head back against the plush upholstery and closed her eyes.
Justin now owned Brannigan’s.
The pain, the sense of betrayal was overwhelming.
Everything she’d ever wanted was gone.
Two hours later, the car stopped for gas. “Where are we?” she asked.
“La Fortuna,” the driver said.
She stepped out the car and stretched. She looked around at the gas station and the small grocery store. She’d heard of Fortuna, California, but never La Fortuna, Texas. “Is this all there is?” she asked.
“There’s a main street and a post office a few miles east.”
She nodded. “Do you think there’s a hotel?” She didn’t want to sit in a car any longer.
“Not one of the major chains, but there’s probably something.”
“Okay, drive around and see what we find.”
They found one motel with a row of adjoining rooms, which looked like it had been built in the 1930s. It was humorously named The Last Resort. “No,” Louisa said firmly. Closer to the post office, she saw a tall, Victorian styled home painted a pale blue with gleaming white trim. It was a bed and breakfast. She said, “This will be fine.”
The driver stepped out and walked over to her door to open it for her. She handed him her credit card. “I’m giving you a five thousand dollar tip,” she said clearly.
He was stunned. “Thank you.”
“And in return, I don’t want you to tell anyone where you left me. I want you to drive down to McAllen, spend the night there, and then go back to Dallas. Understood?”
“Yes ma’am.”
“If anyone wants to reach me, they can call or email. I don’t want them to follow me to La Fortuna.”
“Yes ma’am.”
She looked at his name tag. “Thank you, Robert.”
Once the car had left, she walked into the front room of the Bed and Breakfast that had been turned into a lobby. It was a pretty place, charmingly decorated. Louisa hoped that they had rooms available, but if worse came to worst, maybe she would stay at The Last Resort. She rang a bell on the desk and a woman in jeans and a crisp dress shirt approached her. “May I help you?”
Louisa said, “I’d like a room for several days.”
“Yes ma’am. Would you like a single room or a suite?”
“Single.”
The word was painful. She was single again. Somehow she’d have to learn to sleep without Justin by her side.
Tears filled her eyes.
“I’ll need to see your ID.”
Silently, Louisa handed the woman her driver’s license.
The woman glanced at it. “Brannigan,” she said pleasantly. “Any relation to the chocolate company?”
Her heart was breaking. “No.”

* * *

Two days later, Justin knocked on Frank’s front door. Frank lived in a large, beautiful home in Highland Park. After a few minutes, the door opened. Frank looked bone-tired, but then, he hadn’t looked good since his wife died. “What do you want?”
“Can I come in?” Justin asked.
Frank opened the door wider and Justin followed him into his living room. He didn’t want to waste any time in small talk. “Do you know where Louisa is?” he asked bluntly.
“No.”
Justin ran his hands through his hair. “I’ve called, I’ve texted. She isn’t answering. Brannigan’s is going crazy.”
Frank didn’t seem concerned. He sat down in a chair and motioned for Justin to sit on the couch. “Brannigan’s will survive. Hold a board meeting and make yourself CEO.”
“That’s not what I want.”
Frank looked at him warily. “What do you want?”
“I want Louisa, back home with me, and together we’ll figure out the mess that Cyrus made.”
“Are you telling me you don’t want to be the owner of Brannigan’s?”
“I wanted you and Louisa to be the owners. That’s why I married her in the first place.”
Frank was silent for a few seconds as if evaluating his statement. Finally he nodded. “I don’t know where she is, but I have heard from her.”
Justin sighed. That was a good sign. “How is she doing?”
“I don’t know. I just got a text that said she didn’t want to talk to anyone and she’d get back with me in a few days.”
“When was this?”
“Yesterday.”
Justin let out a breath of relief. It was good to know that she’d made some contact with someone in the past twenty four hours. “I know she’s miserable right now, and hates me, but do you think she’s safe?”
“I don’t think she’ll commit suicide, if that’s what you’re asking,”
“Good.” Justin didn’t want to fear the worst, but he kept remembering the look on her face when she told him he was better than Brian.
Frank said, “She’s a survivor, and in her own way, a fighter. I think she’ll be fine, once the dust settles.”
Justin hoped he was right. “So what do I do – just wait?”
“There isn’t anything else we can do.”
CHAPTER ELEVEN

The first two days, Louisa didn’t talk to anyone. She didn’t eat; she didn’t sleep more than an hour or two at a time. She stayed in her room, reliving the past six months, trying to figure out what she’d done wrong.
She never should have trusted Justin.
Honeycutt was right. Justin was ambitious. He’d wormed his way into Cyrus’ affection and now he was the majority owner of Brannigan’s.
He had everything she’d ever wanted.
She vacillated between being angry with Cyrus and angry with Justin. Why couldn’t Cyrus see that she was capable of running Brannigan’s?
He loved her, he’d told her she was a good girl, but he never saw beyond his prejudices. No matter what she did, he never fully accepted her as CEO.
She’d known that from the beginning, but part of her had still hoped that somehow, he’d come around, and learn to value her.
She should have known better, and it still hurt to know that all her fears were justified.
And Justin.
She thought of things he’d said, mentally kicking herself for not paying more attention.
Everything in his life was a game, and he’d played it beautifully, making her love him while he picked her pocket.
How could she have been so stupid?
She knew what Frank would say. “Maybe it’s better this way. Now you can do something else with your life instead of being tied down to Brannigan’s.”
But she didn’t want to do anything else.
Brannigan’s was her life.
On the third day, she took a shower and walked down to the lobby. The woman at the front desk was alarmed. “You look –” She began, then caught herself. “Are you feeling all right?”
No. She didn’t think she’d ever feel all right again. “I need to eat something and buy something else to wear.”
“I’ll make you breakfast right away,” the woman said. “Would you like waffles or eggs?”
“Both,” Louisa said. She needed to eat something so she’d have the strength to figure out the rest of her life
At breakfast, they sat together at the kitchen table: Louisa with her plate of food, and the woman with a cup of herbal tea. Louisa saw from her name tag that the woman was named Joanna and she was the owner of the bed and breakfast. Joanna asked her if she’d brought any luggage.
“No, just my purse.”
“I’ve got toothbrushes and shampoo samples here, but if you need anything else, there’s a drug store about half a mile from here.” She looked at Louisa’s wrinkled black suit. “And a little farther down the road, there’s a thrift store. We used to have a dress shop on Main Street, but it closed. If you want to buy new clothes, you’ll have to go into Waxahachie.”
“A thrift store will be fine,” Louisa said flatly. She didn’t care what she wore, as long as it was clean.
The food was surprisingly good, but that could be because she was starving. Louisa ate two waffles and some scrambled eggs, saying little.
Joanna said gently, “Are you in trouble? Do you want to talk about it?”
Louisa was surprised. Joanna sounded genuinely concerned. “No,” she said. “I just need some time to think, by myself.” She hesitated. “Basically, I’ve run away from home.”
Joanna glanced at the wedding ring on her finger. “From your husband?”
Louisa nodded.
“I’m sorry. That must be rough.”
“Thank you.” It was rough. In some ways, it was more difficult than when she divorced Brian. With Brian, she’d had no doubts. She’d known absolutely that she was doing the right thing. But with Justin, she kept reliving the past, wanting to believe in him, wanting to go back to what they’d shared.
But that was impossible.
On the third day, Louisa spent most of her time outdoors, walking around the small town, thinking. She didn’t have any tears left. On the fourth day, she finally checked her texts and emails. There were dozens, but less than she had expected. There were some from Justin. She wasn’t ready to read those, yet. And a few from Frank. But only a handful from Michelle and other Brannigan employees.
Louisa was startled. She’d expected to see hundreds. Didn’t anyone miss her? Was she so easily replaceable?
Then she saw an email that Justin had sent to all the employees. It said that he and she appreciated everyone’s sympathy and well-wishes over Cyrus’ death and that Louisa would be taking a brief leave of absence and to address any business concerns to him, personally.
Smooth.
She wondered how soon he’d appoint himself CEO.
He’d be good at it, she thought miserably. He had the personality.
That evening, she had trouble falling asleep. In spite of everything he’d done, she wished he were still by her side, so she could feel his arms around her, his lips tender on her face.
Then she remembered what she’d said the night before the will was read.
I just want you to know that as far as I’m concerned, we are permanent. This is a real marriage.
She’d told Justin that she loved him, and she wanted to stay with him, no matter what the will said.
Her conscience smote her. She hadn’t meant to lie, but she had. She’d thought she could handle anything, but when he inherited all the stock, she’d panicked and fled.
She tried to remember what he’d said at the time. He’d looked as stunned as she felt, and he’d tried to talk to her, to explain.
And she hadn’t given him the chance to talk.
That wasn’t love. That was fear.
She made herself read his texts and listened to his messages. I love you, Louisa. I never wanted to inherit everything. I wanted you to. Please believe me. Please come home, and we’ll work it out. The tax consequences might be a pain, but you can have all the stock.
Could she believe him? After Brian, she was afraid to hope.
But then she thought of all the times Justin had held her safely in his arms. He’d always been kind, never selfish. He’d never hurt her.
Louisa realized it was time to go home. When she paid her bill with a generous tip, Joanna was surprised. “I think you put some extra zeros on this number,” she said, returning the slip to her.
“No, that’s correct,” Louisa said.
Joanna gasped, “Can you afford it?”
Louisa smiled for the first time in days. “Yes.”

* * *

Louisa paid a taxi to drive her back to Dallas. She didn’t want to wait for the driving service to drive down and pick her up. She stopped briefly at Justin’s home to get cleaned up and changed before going back to the office.
Today, the elevator didn’t bother her. She was too eager to see Justin again.
As she walked towards her office, several employees spoke to her, wishing her well, expressing their condolences for Cyrus’ death. “Thank you.”
Michelle walked up to her and gave her a big hug. “It’s good to have you back,” she said. “How are you doing?”
Louisa didn’t know yet. “Where’s Justin?”
“In your office.”
That shouldn’t surprise her. Where else would he be?
Louisa was determined to give him the benefit of the doubt until he proved himself otherwise. She opened the large wooden door and walked inside.
Justin was sitting at her desk. He turned as the door opened and the look on his face told her everything she wanted to know. He loved her. “Louisa!” In seconds he was by her side.
She held her arms open and he crushed her to him. He kissed her once, then twice, then pulled back to search her face, for her reaction. “I don’t know what Cyrus was thinking. I never wanted –”
“I know —,” she tried to say, as he kissed her again and again.
“I love you,” he said finally after letting her come up for air.
She felt joy bubbling up within her. He was good and true. She never should have doubted him. “I love you, too,” she echoed.
“Now isn’t that sweet.”
At the words, Louisa’s heart seemed to stop. She turned to see Brian standing in the doorway of her office. Like Justin, he wore a suit, white shirt and tie.
“How did you get here?”
He smiled cruelly. “I still have a few friends.” He touched the electronic name badge that hung on a cord around his neck. “I told you you couldn’t keep me out of here.”
Friends? Surely not Michelle, but if it wasn’t her, how had he gotten onto the fortieth floor?
Justin took a step towards him. “Get out before I call the police.”
Brian pulled a gun out of his pocket. “I don’t think so.”
Justin stepped back and Louisa clutched his arm for support. She must be dreaming. This was a nightmare.
But the cold look in her ex-husband’s eyes was real. Brian locked her office door behind him. “Let go of him,” he said firmly. “Stand apart.”
There was no telling what he would do, so she obeyed.
“What do you want?” Justin demanded.
Brian said, “Nothing from you. Shut up.”
Louisa bit her lip. “This isn’t good, Brian. You’re going to get in trou—“
“Shut up” he shouted, waving the gun at her.
This was worse than anything he’d done before.
Louisa glanced at Justin, trying to think of what they could do. Perhaps if they both tried to tackle him, but that only worked in the movies. He’d shoot them both. She saw Justin reach for the telephone on her desk.
He was going to try to send some message.
Brian shot the phone and they both jumped back.
Brian laughed.
Why hadn’t someone contacted the police? Couldn’t they hear a gun shot?
But outside her thick office walls, maybe they couldn’t.
Brian said clearly, “You’re one tough bitch to kill. You’ve got more lives than a cat.”
Louisa said, “What are you talking about?”
“You weren’t even in the car. Or your condo.”
She gasped. He was crazy. He was going to kill her. “What do you want, Brian?” she asked.
“Brannigan’s, but it’s too late now. It’s not even yours, Bitch.”
“That’s right,” Justin said firmly. “It’s all mine now.”
Brian turned on him, growling.
What was Justin doing?
“But if you want, I can sign over the stock right now.”
Brian was momentarily surprised. “Where is it?”
Don’t tell him, Louisa thought, but Justin said calmly. “In the vault.”
Brian motioned with his gun. “Open it up, Louisa,” he ordered.
Maybe Justin was trying to buy time, but she knew it was too late. Brian was going to kill them both. But she was not going to let him have Brannigan’s. She lifted her chin. “No.”
Brian screamed, “Open it, now, or I’m going to shoot.”
“Never.”
Brian raised his gun, but as he took aim, Justin stepped in front so the bullet struck him instead. Justin staggered back. She couldn’t tell how badly he was hurt, but there was blood on his shirt.
Brian swore and shot again, but missed. The bullet struck the display case behind her desk, shattering the glass.
“Open the vault, Louisa,” Justin said clearly.
She didn’t know what he was thinking, but this time, she’d do it. She walked around her desk and opened the lowest drawer on the left. She removed the false bottom of the drawer, and removed a metal box with an electronic keypad on the top. She placed it on the top of her desk. Thirty years ago, this had been the height of technology. She pressed the security code that would open the vault door.
Brian watched eagerly as the door slid open. “Get the certificates!” he ordered.
“It will take a few minutes,” Louisa said.
“Hurry!” Brian was becoming increasingly agitated and she knew that he would shoot again.
As she walked over to the open vault, she saw that Justin had walked behind her desk. He looked up at her. “Get in,” he said and reached for the security controls.
He was going to try to close her inside, where she’d be safe.
Brian, suddenly suspicious, shot at Justin again. Horrified, Louisa watched Justin fall to the floor as if in slow motion. But as he fell, he took a paperweight from her desk and threw it, hard. It hit Brian in the face, knocking him backwards. Brian screamed with rage and fell to his knees, then to the floor.
Did he still have the gun?
Louisa couldn’t tell. She ran to the desk, keyed in the code to make the vault door close, and pulled Justin into the vault with her.
She watched in horror as Brian rose up on his knees, gun in hand. His face was covered with blood. He shot at them again and then, thankfully, the vault door closed.
Inside was dark as night and there was barely enough room for the two of them, both sitting up. “That’s five,” Justin said.
Was he keeping track?
He said, “How many bullets do you think he has?”
“I have no idea,” she said sharply. Knowing Brian, he might have another gun. Or a bomb. She couldn’t believe what he’d said earlier. Was he responsible for Frank’s car accident and the bomb that had destroyed her condo?
It was too horrible to consider, and yet it made sense. Frank and Teri had been targeted because they were driving her car. And her neighbors had died because they lived next door. He was determined to kill her, and each of his failed attempts had spurred him onward to greater violence.
She realized Justin wasn’t talking. “How bad are you hurt?”
“I don’t know, but I’m bleeding.” He laughed weakly. “It’s a good thing he’s such a bad shot or I’d be dead now.”
They would both be. How could he joke at a time like this?
“Do you have a cell phone?” Justin asked.
She shook her head, then realized he couldn’t see her in the dark. “No, but it won’t work in here, anyway.”
“Is there any kind of alarm system or release valve?”
“Yes, there’s a latch, but the door still won’t open for an hour. It’s on a timed lock.”
He groaned. “Tell me again why Cyrus thought that was a good idea.”
“He thought if he was ever robbed, it would save his papers.”
“Hmm. Hopefully by that time, the police will have shown up.”
“Yes.”
They were both quiet for a few minutes. Then Louisa said, “I’m so sorry.”
“For what?”
“For getting you involved in this.”
“It’s not your fault. He’s insane.”
He was. And all because he wanted Brannigan’s and couldn’t have it.
Right now, Louisa would gladly walk away from Brannigan’s completely, if she and Justin could both walk away, alive and well. As much as she loved the company, it was nothing when compared to their love, and their lives.
“I’m sorry I made him mad. Maybe if I’d agreed to open the vault at first, he wouldn’t have shot you.”
“No. He was determined to shoot us.” Justin spoke deliberately, slowly, as if speaking were painful.
She didn’t want to make him talk if it hurt him. There was another silence, broken a little later by Justin’s chuckle.
“What?” Louisa said.
“You were very brave, saying ‘never’ to a man with a gun.”
Part of her couldn’t believe she’d actually said it. “And you were amazing, too. What kind of pitch was that with my paperweight?”
“A beanball.”
She noticed that his voice was getting weaker. “Where were you hit?”
He put her hand over to the side of his stomach which was sticky with blood. “Here.”
She wished she knew more about first aid. She didn’t know if she should try to staunch the blood or press on the wound. She didn’t want to make things worse. First she untucked and unbuttoned his shirt.
“This is familiar,” he started to say, then gasped in pain.
“Sorry.”
She took off her blouse, folded it and put it over his stomach. She removed her pantyhose and tied it around his abdomen to hold her blouse in place, as a make shift bandage. “I don’t know what I’m doing,” she said.
“It feels better,” he said, and she knew he was lying.
Louisa said a silent prayer, asking God to bless her husband and keep him alive.
She grew increasingly worried. What if he bled to death before the door opened?
She wished she knew how long they’d been in there.
Justin’s breath grew labored. Every breath seemed to feed her fear.
“I love you,” she said quietly.
“Ditto.” The word was difficult for him.
After that, he didn’t talk, and then, he seemed to relax. He didn’t answer her questions. He must have passed out. Louisa didn’t know how long they’d been in the vault, but she tried the escape latch, with no success.
Please, God, she prayed. Please, please, please.
She tried again, and this time it started to open. The small room was filled with light as the door slowly slid open.
She heard noise outside, but she was only concerned about Justin. She saw that his stomach and her blouse were soaked with blood.
His eyes were shut and he looked deathly pale.
What if Brian were still outside, waiting for them?
She swung around, determined to attack, if necessary, but instead there was a crowd. Employees in the distance and police officers wearing bullet proof vests. Paramedics rushed past her to care for Justin. Michelle was there.
“Brian?” Louisa asked blankly as she stepped into her office. One of her Vice President’s took off his suit jacket and put it around her shoulders. She realized she was wearing only her bra, but didn’t care. “Brian?” she repeated.
“Dead,” a police officer said.
She saw a figure covered in a blanket fifteen feet away, then turned back to Justin and the paramedics. “Is he going to be alright?”

* * *

The next twelve hours were frightening and exhausting. Justin received a blood transfusion and was taken to Lindley hospital. Louisa was treated for shock and spent time there as well. The police took statements while Justin was in surgery.
Frank was there for the first two hours, but eventually Louisa sent him home to be with his daughters. “I love you,” he said as he left.
“I love you, too.”
Michelle stayed by her side, and gradually Louisa learned what had happened.
After she and Justin had gone into the vault, Brian, not wanting to be caught, had shot himself. Michelle had called 911.
The police had arrived, then learning about the vault, had talked to Frank and security experts to see if there was a way to open the door sooner.
“But how did Brian get into the office?” Louisa wanted to know.
Michelle said, “He had Benson’s ID.”
Benson? No wonder he’d been so nervous when she asked him to lunch in December. Had he been conspiring with Brian all the time?
The police arrested Benson and would be performing their own investigation.
Louisa apologized to Michelle for doubting her.
Michelle said, “I never would have let Brian in, but Benson called and asked me to pick up a package downstairs. I should not have left my post.”
“No,” Louisa assured her. “It was not your fault. If Brian wasn’t able to come into my office, he would have found another way. He might have ambushed me in the parking garage, or at the house. He would have found a way, and I would be dead. At least in the office, we had the vault to protect us.”
Michelle said, “Was it terrible inside?”
Louisa realized that with all her fears for Justin, she hadn’t had time to be claustrophobic. Maybe she was making progress. “I don’t know if I want to dismantle the entire vault or be grateful it was there.”
“You’ll figure it out.”
They sat silently in the hospital chairs, waiting for news from the surgery. “Did I tell you Justin took a bullet that was meant for me?” Louisa asked.
Michelle nodded. “He loves you. He’d do anything for you.”
Louisa knew that.
She’d dealt with so much death – first with Teri and then with Cyrus, she didn’t know how she’d survive without Justin.
It seemed a cruel fate to lose her husband just when she’d learned to love him.
Finally, a doctor approached them. “Mrs. Reilly?” he asked.
It took Louisa a few seconds to realize that he was talking to her. She hadn’t taken Justin’s name when they married, but he wouldn’t know that. She stood. “Yes?”
“Your husband’s surgery was a success. We removed the one bullet that was lodged in his abdomen and there was less damage to the surrounding organs than we’d originally thought.”
“Is he going to be all right?”
“Prognosis is good. He’s going to be sore for a while, but he should be able to recover fully.”
Louisa’s heart was flooded with relief. Thank you, God. “When can I see him?”

EPILOGUE

Justin woke to hear the shower running. He stirred, momentarily surprised by the strange surroundings, then remembered that he and Louisa were staying in a bed and breakfast in La Fortuna. The room was filled with light, and the antique bed was cool with crisply ironed cotton sheets. He stretched and lay back against the pillows, putting his hands behind his head.
He felt great.
His wounds had healed and the doctors had finally cleared him to have sex.
He smiled, remembering the night before.
They’d definitely made up for lost time. And it was good to know that everything was in working order.
Sweet Louisa. With Brian safely dead and most of the worries about Brannigan’s settled, she seemed looser, more free.
He was the luckiest man on earth.
He rolled over on his side and stared at the closed bathroom door.
What was taking her so long?
He was glad she believed that he had never wanted to be the majority owner of Brannigan’s. They’d looked into all the ramifications of transferring his stock over to her, but that would be expensive, so they’d agreed that for now, he’d remain the legal owner, she’d exercise the voting rights, and one day they’d let their children inherit, keeping Brannigan’s all in the family.
Maybe she was pregnant already. He liked the idea of having kids, their own little league team.
Louisa was going to stay CEO and he was going to be a partner, helping with some of the decisions. It would lighten her load and make for a more balanced life for both of them. Alan Honeycutt had agreed to stay on as the head of the legal department until they determined who would take his place.
Finally, the water stopped running in the shower.
Come on, Louisa, open the door.
A few minutes later, the door opened and steam billowed out. Louisa stepped out, wearing bra and panties and a towel wrapped in a turban on her head. She smiled when she saw him. “Good morning, sleepyhead.”
Technically, “good afternoon” would be more accurate, but Justin wasn’t going to quibble. He propped himself up on his elbows and whistled. “If they could see you now, you’d be America’s fourth sexiest CEO, maybe even third.”
She smiled and shook her head. “With wet hair? I doubt it.” She walked toward her suitcase which was on a dresser, and rummaged through it. He watched as she selected a blouse and a pair of white pants.
“Are you sure you want to waste time getting dressed?” he asked.
“I’m hungry.”
“So am I,” he said meaningfully.
“For breakfast.”
He groaned and sank down onto the comforter. “Help me, I’m striking out, here.”
She laughed. “You still have an excellent batting average.”
So he did, he realized. He shouldn’t be greedy. “All right. Where do you want to eat?”
“There’s a lunch counter in the drugstore that makes good grilled cheese sandwiches.”
“Ok.” He watched as she got dressed. It wasn’t as much fun as watching her get undressed, but it was still enjoyable. “I’ve been thinking,” he said slowly.
She stepped into her pants. “Yes?”
“I used to say I loved two things, but now I have to say I love three things.”
Louisa looked over her shoulder and smiled. “Go on.”
“Baseball, chocolate, and Louisa Brannigan.”
“That’s very interesting.” She slipped on the blouse and looked down, starting to button the buttons. “Because I love two things.”
He waited.
She looked at him through her eyelashes. “Chocolate and baseball.”
“What?” he demanded and scrambled out of the bed covers. He spun her around to face him.
She laughed so hard, she was shaking. “I’m kidding,” she said finally, gasping. “Of course I love you, but baseball is growing on me.”
“I’m glad,” he said, and kissed her.
Her hands reached out to hold him closer.
Life didn’t get better than this.
Play ball.
 
The End.


Author’s Note

Howdy from Texas.
 
I hope you liked Corporate Husband, book one in my Love and Chocolate Series. I had a blast writing this story. Like Justin, I love chocolate, too. I also love marriage of convenience stories.
Book two in the series is Marry the Doctor.  It’s Frank’s story.
In upcoming novels, you’ll see Michelle again, and that wonderfully attractive Rick Boudreaux. I think he loves chocolate, too.  Book three,  Something Sweet will be available soon.
If you want to be first to hear about new novels and free short stories, you can sign up for my newsletter at my blog:   www.beverlyfarr.com 
I love hearing from my readers. You may email me at beverly.farr.author@gmail.com or post a review where you bought this book. I’d greatly appreciate it.
 
Thanks,
Beverly
