
Convince Me
(Holton Series #1)

By B. L. Blair




Copyright © 2013 Brenda Blair
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and events either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, establishment, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Epilogue
Chapter 1
The headlights flashed briefly across the green road sign breaking through the dense fog.  Anna West slowed her small car and peered through the windshield before breathing a sigh of relief.  The sign was the one she had been searching for since turning onto the narrow country road.  She glanced at the directions on the sheet of paper lying on the seat next to her.  She knew she was close.  She turned the car to the left and followed the arrow that pointed to the small town of Holton, Texas.
"Only three more miles," she said in her soft quiet voice.  Her only answer was the soft meow of a cat.  Anna smiled down at the animal carrier on the floorboard of the passenger's seat.  She reached down and stuck a finger through the wire door of the carrier and scratched the cat's head.  "We're almost there, Sophie."
The cat, a large gray tabby, curled herself back into a small ball and promptly went to sleep.  Anna smiled again and felt some of the tension drain from her body.  She had left Mayville, a town just south of Houston, the day before anxious to begin her new life, and now she was almost at her destination. 
When her mother had died from cancer seven months earlier, Anna knew it was the perfect time to put the past behind her and begin again.  She also knew that in order to do this she would have to leave Mayville.
The phone call from one of her old college professors had provided an opportunity she could not refuse.  Did she want to take over a small accounting business in a small north Texas town?  To Anna, this had sounded ideal.  She had been saving for such an opportunity ever since she had left college.  Far from the town where she had been raised, Holton would give her the chance to build a new life where no one would know about her past.  There would be no more whispers about her family.  She would not have to hear the stories about the uppity black woman who had married a rich white man.  She would no longer have to listen to people saying her mother had gotten what she deserved.
In spite of the fact that she had never understood her mother's devotion to her father, Anna had loved her mother. The past year had been a difficult one.  When her mother had first been diagnosed with cancer, Anna had moved back home to be with her.  Her death was still hard to accept, so Anna had decided on a new start far from home.
Mr. Brockman, the accountant from Holton, had retired at the end of the year.  He had been more interested in getting someone reliable than in turning a huge profit, so Anna had been able to cut a deal.  He had told her he always closed his office from the week before Christmas to the week after New Year's, so Anna had carefully made her arrangements and left Mayville on New Year's Day.  The drive had been full of delays and problems turning the five-hour trip into a full day event.  Anna had been forced to stop in Dallas the night before and rent a hotel room although she was less than an hour away from Holton.  The fog had moved in last night, and with nightfall, travel had been almost impossible.
Unable to sleep, Anna had risen early this morning.  She had taken her time hoping the fog would burn off with the early morning sunrise.  Even now at nine a.m., the fog was still thick, and she could only see a few feet in front of her.  This is probably why she wasn't prepared for what happened next.
Driving cautiously, she slowed the car and rounded the curve moving the car closer to the center stripe as she couldn't see the right hand edge.  The car coming from the opposite direction had done the same, and suddenly, Anna was faced with two bright headlights bearing down on her.
For a moment, she did not know what to do, then reacting instinctively, she jerked the car to the right and her bumper narrowly missed hitting the other vehicle.  The slick road made it difficult to control the car, but she had been driving slowly enough that she managed to slide into the side ditch unharmed.
Anna sat in her car stunned and unbelieving.  She had never been in a car accident before and wasn't sure what to do, which was an unusual situation.  Anna had learned at an early age to be calm and efficient.  It was the only way to survive.  Her abusive father had hated inefficiency and commotion, so she had learned to be controlled and competent.  Anna hated not being in control.
For this reason, she loved accounting.  Numbers could be controlled.  It may take her a little time, but she could always find an answer, which was more than she could do with people.
Anna shook her head and then leaned forward to check on Sophie.  The cat appeared unharmed but began protesting the rough treatment.  Anna tried to reassure her and soon the cat settled.  Anna took a deep breath then reached for the insurance manual in her glove compartment.  The manual would tell her what she needed to do.  She felt better already.  She had a plan.
All thoughts of a plan immediately flew out of her head when the door of her car swung open and a deep, soft voice asked, "Are you alright?"
Anna turned and looked up into the most beautiful blue eyes she had ever seen.  Eyes that were the color of a cloudless sky on an early spring day.  They were framed with dark thick lashes that lightened on the tips.  The lean, clean face went well with the eyes.  It was a pleasant face, not too hard or too soft, but a man's face nonetheless.  It was lean and powerful.  He had strong cheekbones and a straight nose.  Light blond hair fell across his forehead.  She stared at him unable to move.  Her heart began to pound, and her body reacted to his nearness.  She had never reacted so strongly to any man before, and she forced herself to take a deep breath.
He leaned into the car and asked again, "Miss, are you alright?"
This time his voice propelled her into action.  She shook off the fog that had come over her and nodded once before saying, "Yes, I am fine.  Just a little shaken.  Was anyone hurt?"
She glanced again at the man staring at her with a concerned look on his face.  Their gazes locked, and he watched her silently with his calm blue eyes.  He seemed very close, and Anna leaned back against the seat to get farther away.  His broad shoulders filled the doorway, and she felt a small jolt of fear.  She hated feeling physically intimidated.  But the fear quickly faded as he looked at her a moment longer then a slow, gentle smile crossed his face.  Anna felt her heart stop.  She willed it to begin beating again.
"There is only you and me," he said softly.  It took Anna a moment to realize he was talking about the accident.  They were the only two people involved, but briefly she had thought he was talking about something else, something she could not quite understand.
"Let's make sure you are okay," the man was saying, "then I'll look at your car.  Can you stand?"
He was just trying to be helpful, his eyes were kind and gentle, but Anna was used to taking care of herself and had decided long ago never to allow a man to take care of her.  His helpful attitude was beginning to irritate her.  She knew she was fine but answered him anyway.  "Yes, I can stand."
She slowly got out of the car and stood beside him.  She now knew why she had felt so crowded in the car.  He was a tall man, standing almost six feet, and his chest was broad although his build was thin.  He had long, muscular legs and a flat stomach.  He was dressed conservatively in a dark blue business suit with a multi-colored tie.  Over his suit, he wore a light navy overcoat.  To Anna, the tie seemed out of place.  It was bright and colorful and didn't fit his image.
Anna was only five feet, three inches tall and had to bend her head back to look up into his face.  It was not a comfortable feeling.  Her father had also been tall, and Anna avoided men who towered above her as much as possible.  She gave him a quick smile and stepped a few feet away.  
"See," she said quickly, "I'm just fine."
He stared at her again and then gave her another slow smile.  He walked around to the front of the car and then continued around to the back.  After making a complete circle, looking at her car from all angles, he returned to her side. 
"There doesn't appear to be any damage.  I'm sure I can get it out of the ditch, and you should be able to drive it, but I suggest you have it checked over as soon as possible, just in case.  Where are you heading?"
She only debated telling him for a moment.  He seemed trustworthy, and she had no reason to believe otherwise at the moment.  Anna knew looks could be deceiving, but there was something about this man, something that told her she could trust him.
"Holton," she said quietly.
A brief look of surprise crossed his face.  "Well, at least you haven't far to go.  Are you visiting someone?"
"No," she answered.  "I am moving there.  I am taking over the Brockman accounting firm."
He smiled again.  It was then that Anna decided that his smile should be illegal.  She watched, cautiously, as he offered a hand to her.  
"Old Mr. Brockman told us he had arranged for a new accountant to take over for him.  He just didn't mention she was so pretty."
Anna tried to stop it, but she felt the blush warm her face anyway.  It was a habit she had never been able to break.  She was grateful the fog was still around and prayed he couldn't see it.  The look in his eyes told her that her prayer hadn't been answered, but the man didn't say a word.  He just waited patiently with his hand still stretched out toward her.  She put her hand in his and felt his fingers close around it.  For a moment, time stood still.  Anna felt an intense attraction unlike any she had ever felt before, and it frightened her.  She shook his hand and then quickly removed her own.  She was angry with herself that she noticed he was not wearing a wedding ring.
"My name is Steven Carson," he said as he released her hand.  "I am one of two lawyers in a law firm located in downtown Holton and I have lived here all my life, so let me be the first to welcome you to town."
"Thank you," she replied.  She had read all the literature that had been mailed to her from the Holton Chamber of Commerce.  It had listed the law firm of Carson and Moore.  "My name is Anna West."
"Pleased to meet you," Steven said.  They exchanged insurance information although Anna was fairly certain she wouldn't need it.  Steven took the blame for the accident although Anna knew they were both at fault.  She couldn't help but be impressed at his polite, caring manner.
"Let me see if I can get this car out of the ditch," Steven said, and before she could protest he had pulled her a little to the side.  Anna watched helplessly as he climbed into her small Honda and adjusted the seat.  He should have looked totally ridiculous in the small car, but for some reason he didn't.  Quickly and effortlessly, he put the car in reverse and backed it out of the ditch.
Steven climbed back out of the car and gave her a quick grin.  "That is quite a cat you have.  Is it always that vocal?"
Anna could hear Sophie from where she was standing.  The cat was making a great deal of noise.  She did not like traveling in a car, and she did not like strangers.  If you put the two together, she was bound to protest.  
"I think the accident frightened her," Anna said.  She was grateful for Steven's help but anxious to continue her journey.  "Well, thanks for your help."
Steven nodded and then held the door open for her.  Anna took her place in the driver's seat and gave him a quick smile.  "Thanks again.  You have been very nice."
"You're welcome.  When you get into town, take your car to Charlie's garage on Main.  Tell him I sent you, and he will make sure your car is all right.  Be careful driving into town.  I am sure I will see you soon."  He gave her one more slow, charming smile and then shut her car door.
Anna watched him walk back across the street to his own car and drive away.  She slowly shook her head.  He was a take-charge kind of man, just the kind of man Anna had vowed to avoid.  She didn't want someone to take care of her.  She wasn't about to give any man that kind of power over her.  She had seen what it did to her mother and Anna would never live like that again.
"I am sure I will see you soon," she muttered softly, quoting him.  "Not if I see you first!"
With a smile like his, Anna knew she needed to avoid Steven Carson at all costs.  He made her feel things she didn't want to feel, think things she knew weren't possible.  She just wished his eyes hadn't been so kind.
#
Steven slowed his car and watched until her taillights faded into the fog.  He returned his attention to the road wondering if this day was going to offer any more surprises.  Early this morning, he had received a call about one of the firm’s cases, and he had to rearrange his whole day so that he could file an injunction this morning.  Then he had been very surprised to see the other car coming from around the bend.  There was seldom any traffic on the small country road just outside of town, and with the fog, he had not expected to see anyone else.
He smiled softly thinking about the woman in the other car.  He had been operating on pure adrenaline until he had looked into her eyes.  When the car had swerved into the ditch, his first thought had been for Andrew.  His best friend and law partner, Andrew Moore, had a terrible fear of automobile accidents and with good cause.  Andrew's wife, Carolyn, had been killed only fifteen months before in an accident similar to the one Steven had just witnessed.  Steven knew how much it still bothered him.  So his first thoughts had been for Andrew.  He didn't want his friend to hear about the accident from anyone else.  He wanted to reassure Andrew himself.
Those thoughts had not stayed with Steven long.  After watching the small Honda drive off the road, he had quickly pulled his own car to a stop and ran over to offer his assistance.  One look had told him that no one was seriously injured, but he immediately opened the door to ask if the woman was okay.  When she did not respond, Steven had grown very concerned but then she had looked at him with her large brown eyes and had spoken in a soft, southern drawl.  He had been mesmerized.  At that moment, Steven had known that he had just met the woman he had been searching for all of his life.
As he eased his car onto the highway that would take him into McKinney, Steven chuckled.  He had always known exactly what he wanted, and it had driven his brother, Mitch, crazy.  Steven had known since he was eight that he wanted to be an attorney.  He had known where he wanted to go to college, where he had wanted to study law, and where he had wanted to set up his law practice.  He had returned to Holton to do just that, and now he knew he wanted Anna West.
The rest of his family had never quite understood that part of him.  The part that always knew when something was exactly right.  Steven wasn't sure he understood it either, but he followed his instincts and they had seldom failed him.  On the other hand, Mitch was never sure about what he wanted and had spent years searching for it.  Their sister, Victoria, had never really wanted anything, but things fell her way anyway.
Both Mitch and Victoria would have enjoyed this morning.  Mitch would have loved the adventure and the excitement of the accident.  He would have heroically helped Anna on her way and stored up the story to retell at some later date.  Victoria would have helped Anna and made a new friend in the process.  Victoria never met a stranger.  But these types of mornings didn't usually happen to Steven.  He was the calm one, the stabilizing factor, the older responsible brother.  For once in his life, he was glad this morning had been different.
Once he arrived in McKinney, which was the county seat, Steven quickly made his way to the courthouse to file the injunction against a chemical company. He and Andrew had not planned on working so soon after the holidays, but the report had arrived early that morning.  Steven knew he had to act quickly to stop the company from continuing to mix a certain product in their factory.  They finally had proof that it was causing harmful side effects on some of the employees.  The doctor's report had directly linked the mixture to certain health problems experienced by his patients.
Usually, Andrew handled all the court hearings.  Steven did the paperwork and the background reports while Andrew handled the public side of their practice.  It worked well for them as Andrew was a natural in the courtroom, charming and persuasive while Steven enjoyed the research.  He knew Andrew was planning a career in politics.  If he did enter the public arena, things would change but for the time being, their personalities complimented each other.
After filing the injunction and speaking to the judge, it was nearly lunchtime, so Steven decided to stop by the local college and see his mother.  Patricia Carson was a professor at the college.  She, too, was working although classes weren't scheduled to begin for another week.  Like Steven, his mother liked to be well prepared.  Although he had seen her the night before, Steven thought lunch would be a nice break for both of them, and he was anxious to tell someone about Anna.
Anna West, he thought with a smile, a practical name for a practical woman.  She was practical, too.  Steven had noticed the way she dressed and acted.  She was a pretty woman, not classically beautiful like Andrew's late wife and not flamboyantly beautiful like his own sister, Victoria, but serenely beautiful like a calm, summer day.  She wore her straight black hair in a simple style just touching her shoulders.  Her large brown eyes were framed with thick lashes and held just a hint of vulnerability.  Her skin was a soft, light brown.  Steven thought she must have a mixed racial background.  She was a small woman but thin with a tiny waist and high breasts.  Her smile was sweet but not freely given, and she dressed efficiently in jeans and a heavy sweater.
Steven pulled his thoughts from Anna and walked quickly across the small campus to his mother's office.  He paused at the door as she was on the phone.  Patricia was a lovely woman.  She had a heart-shaped face and lovely blue eyes.  Steven had inherited his blond hair and blue eyes from his mother and his serious, protective nature from his father.  When Patricia looked up and saw him, a bright smile crossed her face, and she motioned for him to have a seat. 
He found a seat in the only extra chair in the room.  Her office was small and crowded.  It was full of books and pictures.  Steven smiled as he glanced around seeing his life on display.  Pictures of him and his siblings lined the walls and bookshelves.  It was a warm room reflecting the personality of his mother.
"Steven," Patricia said warmly, after hanging up the phone.  "What are you doing here?"
"I had to file an injunction at the courthouse, and I thought you might like to have lunch."
"I'd love to," she replied.
"Great.  May I use your phone first?  I left my cell phone at home.  I need to call my insurance company.  I had a small car accident this morning, and I want to let them know."
"An accident?" Patricia asked concerned.  "What kind of accident?  Are you alright?"
"Yes, Mom, I'm fine, but there was another car involved, so I better call them just in case.  I'll tell you all about it at lunch."
Thirty minutes later, Steven was sitting across from his mother in a local restaurant.  He had just finished telling her about this morning's events, and he was waiting for her reaction.
"Well, you've had a busy day."
Steven grinned.  He loved his mother's humor.  It was subtle and warm.  She always found a way to make things seem brighter.  She also always managed to get right to the heart of the matter.
"So tell me more about this Anna," she said, watching him carefully.
For just a moment, he debated about telling her.  It was all still too fresh, and now several hours later, his reaction seemed a little ridiculous.  How could he know in just one moment that Anna was the woman for him?  He looked at his mother and saw that she was waiting calmly.
"She's nice," he said softly, still afraid to put his feelings into words.
Patricia smiled knowingly.  "You fell for her, didn't you?"
Steven sighed.  "I-I don't know.  I mean, I do know, but I'm not really sure."
"Steve, you have always known immediately what you wanted.  You have always been able to decide things in a heartbeat.  So don't question yourself now."
"Okay, you're right.  I do think she is the one."
Patricia nodded.  "Sometimes it happens like that.  I can't wait to meet her."
Steven laughed.  "I'll introduce her as soon as I can convince her to let me.  She seemed a little frightened of me. Maybe it was just the wreck, and she is new to town.  That's got to be a little scary."
"Don't worry, son.  Just be patient.  If anyone can convince her, it's you."
They finished their lunch and Steven took his mother back to the college before returning to Holton.  He felt better after talking to her.  She didn't make him feel like he was acting impulsively.  Although he resembled his father in nature, there was a streak of practicality in Steven that he inherited from his mother.
It had been an eventful morning, and when he returned to his office, it appeared it was going to be an eventful day.  He was greeted by the sight of his receptionist trying to wrestle a television remote from a very determined seven-year-old boy.
"What's going on here?" he asked.
"Oh Steve, thank goodness you're back," Julie Riley exclaimed.  Julie was their receptionist/secretary.  She was very good at her job, and in a town the size of Holton, good help was not always easy to find.  She was also Andrew's sister, so Steven had known her most of his life.  Julie and Andrew had moved in next door when Steven was ten years old, and he and Andrew had been best friends ever since.  
"Hi, Steve," said the boy, letting go of the remote to run across the room.  Steven reached down and ruffled the boy's hair.
"Hi, Mark."  He looked across the room to the chairs by the wall.  Sitting quietly in one of the chairs was a young girl reading a book.  "Hello, Melissa."
Melissa looked up from her book and gave him a shy smile.  "Hello."
Steven grinned.  He loved Mark and Melissa, but their personalities were so different.  The children belonged to Andrew, and if they were in the office, then something was wrong.  Steven turned back to Julie.  "What's happening?"
Julie turned off the television, which they usually used to view recordings of testimony, but had just now been playing 101 Dalmatians.  She gave him a quick smile.  "Mrs. Stewart twisted her ankle this morning right after you left.  Andrew took her to the emergency room, and the doctor told her to stay off her foot for two days.  Andrew couldn't find anyone to take the kids on such short notice, and he had to be in court this afternoon for Mrs. Williams’ divorce hearing."
Steven nodded.  Mrs. Stewart was Andrew's housekeeper and sitter.  The Williams case was a difficult one and had been postponed three times already.  Steven knew Andrew didn't want to postpone it again.  
He turned to Julie.  "If you need to take the kids home, I can handle things here."
"No, thanks.  Mother is on her way.  She should be here in a few minutes."  Julie paused a moment and looked at him. "Are you alright?  Rebecca Neil called.  She said you were in a car accident."
Briefly, Steven felt the resentment that sometimes comes with living in a small town.  He understood his brother's disenchantment with Holton.  Mitch hated everyone knowing his business, and in Holton, everyone did.  But Steven felt the good outweighed the bad.
"Yes, I'm fine.  I didn't even hit the other car.  She just rolled into a ditch.  No harm done.  Are there any messages?"
Julie handed him three pieces of paper.  He glanced through them.  
"Mitch called?"  As Julie nodded, he read the sheet.  "He didn't leave a message?"
She gave him an impatient look as she guided Mark over to the other chair.  "Steve, it's Mitch.  Of course, he didn't leave a message.  You know how he is.  He was just calling to check in.  He said he would call you tomorrow."
Steven started toward his own office as the outer door swung open.  Phyllis Moore walked in and gave them all a brief smile.  The children gathered up their things and with quick competence, Phyllis had them headed out the door.  She gave Steven and Julie each a kiss on the cheek and then disappeared as quietly as she had come.
Steven looked at Julie who just grinned and sank into her chair.  "You know, I have two children of my own but ten minutes with Mark and I swear, I am more tired than if I spent ten hours with my own two kids.  I don't see how Mrs. Stewart handles him every day.  He has way too much energy."
"It probably doesn't help that you are pregnant.  Do you want to go home and rest?"
Julie shook her head.  "Sometimes, Steve, you are as bad as Nick and Andrew.  I'm fine, really."
"We just care about you.  You're like a sister to me.  Heaven knows, I certainly understand you better than my own sister."
Julie laughed.  "Well, that's not saying much.  Tori is my best friend and I don't understand her either.  But don't worry about me, Steve.  Nick does that enough for everyone."
As always, when she spoke of her husband, Julie's face lit up.  Steven felt a surge of envy at the look on her face.  He wondered how it would feel to be planning the birth of a child with the woman you love.  A mental image of Anna West crossed his mind.
He walked slowly into his office, savoring the image.  He definitely wanted to see Ms. West again.  Now all he had to do was convince her.

Chapter 2
"Good morning."
Anna looked up from her desk at the sound of the voice.  She hadn't heard the door open and was surprised to see a woman standing in the doorway holding what smelled liked a basket of banana bread.  Anna gave her a polite smile. 
The woman was her fourth visitor of the morning.  When she had first opened that morning, she had thought that she would have plenty of time to set up her office and organize her files, but she had been wrong.  Anna had forgotten what a small town was like when a new person arrived.  Within minutes of unlocking her door, she had been visited by the bank manager from across the street and by the owner of the gift shop next door.  An hour later, the insurance agent whose office was next to the bank also stopped by to meet her.
Most of the businesses were located on the main street in town, which contained three blocks.  Anna's office was on the end of the first block.  Directly across the street was the bank, then the insurance company, and at the other end was Charlie's garage.  On Anna's side, there was the law firm, the gift shop and her own office.  She thought it was the perfect location.
The next block contained the library, the city offices, a local bakery and the town park.  The final block of downtown Holton consisted of a grocery store, two small clothing stores, and a gas station.  It was a friendly town and Anna felt right at home.
Although only two rooms, her own office was quite spacious.  There was a huge front window, right next to the door, and she could see most of Main Street.  She had set up her desk in the front room and decided to use the back room for her files.  Her desk faced the window and she had two large over-stuffed chairs in front of it.  As there was still quite a bit of space, Anna wanted to find a couple of large plants to place in the corners.  It was a simple arrangement but one she thought would work well.
Currently most of her files were scattered around the room as she was still trying to make sense of Mr. Brockman's system.  It was an ordered chaos, but Anna was eager to have everything in its place. 
As she had not expected to see many people, Anna had dressed casually that morning in a modest denim skirt and a heavy sweater.  She was pleased to see that most of the other merchants were dressed similar.  The woman standing in her office now was dressed in plain black slacks with a blouse and blazer.
She looked at her newest visitor.  The other three had come bearing well wishes and offers of help, all of which Anna was grateful for, but banana bread was even better.  She rose from the desk and walked around to greet her.
"Good morning," she said.
The woman stepped into the office and gave her a bright smile.  "I'm Julie Riley.  I work two doors down at Carson and Moore.  I thought I'd stop by and welcome you to the neighborhood, so to speak."
Anna had been in Holton for six days now and had met a lot of people.  When she moved into her small apartment, all her neighbors had stopped by to greet her.  Mr. Brockman had introduced her to the mayor and several city council members before heading off with his wife for a long awaited cruise.  She had met several of the other merchants in town before today but until now had managed to avoid anyone connected with Steven Carson.
Carson and Moore had been mentioned often enough.  Both Steven and his partner, Andrew Moore, were well thought of in this small town and their law firm was one of the most prominent businesses in town.  Anna had been told that they handled cases from all over the county as well as some from Dallas.  She had been impressed.
Anna had not seen Steven since her first day in town.  He had called her the next day to ask how she was, and if he could help her with anything but she had politely turned down his offer.  He had also called every day since to see how she was doing and to again offer his assistance.  She had turned down all his offers, but it had been difficult.  Steven had been charming and persistent.  She had not heard from him yet today.  She had even convinced herself she was glad.
"I'm Anna West," she said now to the smiling woman in her office.  Julie had brown hair, twinkling green eyes, and a wide smile.  Anna liked her immediately.
Julie smiled again.  "I know.  Word gets around.  I am on my coffee break and thought you might like some company."
Anna smiled back.  If the coffee included banana bread, she definitely wanted company.  "I would.  Please sit down."
Julie moved across the room to take the chair opposite the desk, and Anna noticed she was pregnant.  A shot of envy ran through her.  Anna's one regret was that she wasn't going to have children.  She loved kids, but she knew she would never marry, and Anna just couldn't see herself raising a child on her own.
She took her own seat opposite Julie and watched with amazement as Julie unloaded her basket.  First, she pulled out the banana bread, which looked as delicious as it had smelled.  It was followed by plates, a knife, two forks, and napkins.  Finally, a thermos and two cups were set on the desk.
"You came well prepared," Anna said.
Julie shot her a grin.  "When Steve mentioned how nice you were and your age, well, I couldn't resist meeting you.  I love Holton and I love working for my brother and Steven, but other than the two of them, there are very few people my age who work here.  Rachel Lewis, over at the library, is one, but her hours are so irregular that it's hard to know when she is free."
There was a small silence while Anna tried to suppress the surge of pleasure she felt at the thought of Steven talking about her.  Anna was also flattered to know Julie had been anxious to meet her.  She didn't quite know what to say.  No one had ever been simply happy to meet her before, and she was shocked at how good it felt.
"I hope I am not overwhelming you," Julie said, cautiously.  "We are all pretty close here, but I don't want to seem pushy."
"Oh, no, you're not.  Not at all.  I'm just not used to everyone being so friendly, but I like it."
"Good," Julie said, picking up the thermos.  "I'm afraid it's decaf.  I had to cut back on the caffeine because of the baby."
"Decaf is fine," Anna replied.  "When are you due?"
"Not for four more months."
Anna was surprised.  She thought Julie looked further along than that, but she was afraid to say anything in case it showed her ignorance.  Anna didn't know much about babies or pregnancy.  Julie noted her surprise.
"I know.  I look bigger than that, but it always happens this way.  I shoot out right at first then don't gain any more weight until the last six weeks or so.  Don't ask me why.  I have no idea."
Anna was delighted.  Julie was nice and friendly and very easy to talk to.  Anna tended to be a little shy.  She was happy to talk but needed someone else to begin the conversation.  Julie seemed just the type.  Anna gave her a smile.  "You have other children?"
Julie nodded.  "Two others.  One boy and one girl. Katie is four and Michael is two.  Nick, that's my husband, and I love kids, but this is going to be the last one. I am tired of being pregnant."
Again, Anna felt a twinge of envy.  She liked her new friend and was happy for her, but hearing Julie talk about her husband and her children made Anna wish for things she had long ago decided against.  After watching her mother and father, Anna knew it would take a very special man to make her change her mind.
She and Julie talked for about twenty minutes, and Anna learned a lot about Holton and it inhabitants.  Julie had lived in this town for almost twenty-five years, and she knew everyone.  She had a lot of interesting stories.  Anna was laughing at Julie's description of the elementary school's Christmas play when the door of her office opened again.
Her laughter died when she looked up and saw Steven standing in the doorway.  He stood there, watching her with his serious, blue eyes but not saying a word.  Anna jumped from her chair and was followed more slowly by Julie.  She stared at Steven and he returned her gaze.  Neither one of them said a word but just stood staring at each other.
"Hey, Steve," Julie said, breaking the silence.  "Were you looking for me?"
Slowly, Steven took his eyes off of her and turned to Julie.  Anna took a deep breath and slowed her heart.  She watched Steven nod once.  She glanced away and took a moment to collect herself.  Never had any man moved her in such a way.  It frightened her. 
"Yes," Steven was saying, "Victoria is on the phone and she wants to talk to you.  Something to do with the party.  As you left your cell phone on your desk again, she called the office.  I told her to call back but she insisted on waiting for you."
"That sounds like Tori," Julie said with a laugh.  "Steve, grab my things please and bring them when you come.  Anna, I'll talk to you soon."
Anna watched helplessly as Julie headed out the door and down the street.  She resisted the urge to call her back.  Anna turned to see Steven watching her.  He gave her his slow gentle smile and she found herself responding in kind.  It was a hard smile to resist.
"Hi," he said softly.
"Hi," she answered.
"How are you settling in?" he asked, as he began gathering up Julie's things.
"Just fine, thanks," Anna replied.  Now that her heart was back to normal, Anna was able to think a little more clearly.  "Look, you don't have to do that.  I'll straighten up and then bring Julie's basket to her later."
He gave her a quick glance but continued cleaning.  Soon everything had been packed away and Anna stood fidgeting behind her desk.  She didn't know what to say to him.  She hadn't been this tongue-tied since her first date with Willie Martin.
Steven seemed to fill the room, and Anna couldn’t look away.  Every time she tried, her eyes returned to him.  He was dressed similar to the first time she had seen him, but this time the suit was gray.  It was neatly pressed, and the white shirt was starched.  Once again, the tie seemed out of place.  This one was a dove gray color and matched the suit well, but it contained a large picture of a giraffe.  Anna was fascinated by the fact that a man who appeared so conservative and serious would wear such an item.  She realized she was staring at it when she heard Steven chuckle.
“Hideous, isn’t it?” he said with a smile, picking up the tie and looking at it.  “Victoria gave it to me, so I have to wear it.”
“Who’s Victoria?”  Anna tried to stop herself from asking, but her curiosity got the better of her.  She knew Steven wasn’t married, but he said the name Victoria with such affection that she had to ask.  She wasn’t sure she really wanted to know the answer.
“My sister.”
Relief flooded through her at his simple statement.  Why she was so relieved?  She wasn’t interested in Steven herself.  Was she?  No, that couldn’t be it.  Anna wasn’t looking for a relationship.  She shook off the feeling.
“She has interesting taste.  Did she give you the multi-colored one too?” she asked.
Steven laughed.  “Yes.  Tori is always trying to update my sedate image.  She thinks I’m far too conservative.  Since I refuse to let her take me shopping, she buys me these crazy ties.  The worst part is I think she would really be offended if I didn’t wear them and even though she lives over a thousand miles away, she would know if I didn’t wear them.”
“Where does she live?” Anna asked.
“In Los Angeles,” Steven replied.  “But she and Julie are best friends, and no matter how far away she is, Tori always know what’s going on.”
“So, you wear the ties,” Anna stated, intrigued by this aspect of his character.  It would be interesting to see how much he would do for his sister.  Anna, who had no siblings, found it charming that he could care so much.
Steven smiled sheepishly and nodded.  “Yeah, I wear the ties.”
It was a delightful gesture.  This man is too good to be true, Anna thought to herself.  There had to be a flaw somewhere.  He was thoughtful, charming, and nice.  Maybe too nice.  Yes, too nice was good.  No woman wanted a man who was too nice.  Anna knew she wouldn’t be attracted to a wimp.  She had nothing to worry about.  Steven Carson was not a threat to her.  He was too nice to break through her resolve.  She was so pleased with this new discovery that she gave him a dazzling smile.
“Thanks for stopping by.  Please tell Julie thank you for the coffee and banana bread.  It was very kind of her.”
Silence reigned for a moment as Steven studied her.  Then, without a word he picked up Julie’s basket and headed to the door.  Anna gave a sigh of relief when he opened it.  She wasn’t prepared for him turning around.  He leaned against the door, his hand resting on the handle, and looked out at the now busy street before looking back at her.
“How about having lunch with me?” he asked.
Anna shook her head, smiling politely.  “No, thanks.  I’m much too busy setting up shop.”
“You have to eat, Anna.  I’ll be back about noon.”
“No,” Anna said more firmly, wanting to make sure he understood.  “Thanks, but no.”
He looked at her with his serious gaze.  “It won’t work, you know.”
Anna felt her heart begin to thud.  The blood rushed to her head, and her mouth was dry.  She clenched her hands together to keep them from fiddling with the papers on her desk.  She was suddenly nervous and didn’t know why.
“What do you mean?” she asked, cautiously.
“It will take a great deal more than a simple no to make me go away.  I am a very determined man when I want something.”  He paused a moment then gave her that slow, tender smile.  “And Anna West, I want you.  See you at noon.”
He closed the door softly, and Anna slammed her fist on the desk.  Nice!  Well, she had that one wrong.  He was arrogant, pushy, and controlling.  At lunch, she would tell him exactly what she thought of him.  It frightened her how much she was looking forward to it.  
Burying her head in her hand, Anna whispered, “Oh, God.  What am I going to do?”
#
Steven chuckled as he shut the door behind him.  He knew his last remark had been uncalled for, but Anna had refused to see him all week and he didn’t like it.  He had spoken to her every day, but she refused to meet him or let him help her in any way.  She had been polite but distant, and Steven had feared that she truly wasn’t interested in him.  But he had seen the pleasure in her eyes when he had arrived at her office.  He saw the attraction.  She had quickly tried to suppress it, but it was there – that spark that he had felt the first time their eyes had met.  He knew she felt it too, and it was all the encouragement he needed.
When he had opened the door to her office and saw her sitting there with Julie, the laughter on her face, he had been transfixed.  Had he really thought she was merely pretty?  With her eyes dancing and a smile on her face, she was beautiful and Steven had wanted her.  He had wanted her more than he had ever wanted any woman in his life.  He had wanted to chase Julie from the room, pull Anna into his arms, and take her right there on her desk.
The powerful attraction he felt for her had scared him for a moment.  It was unlike anything he had ever felt before, and he knew it was more than just physical.  Although the physical pull was intense.  Even now, walking back to his office, his body still burned for her.  Steven took several deep breaths, thankful for the cool January day.
Thinking back to that moment, he replayed Anna’s reaction to him.  Her eyes had widened, her breath quickened, and a slight blush covered her face.  Yes, she was as attracted to him as he was to her.
He had been grateful when Julie had called his name and forced him to look away from her.  As soon as he did, everything fell into place.  His mother had been right.  This was no time to be questioning himself.  He knew Anna was the woman for him.  She was the one he wanted to be with for the rest of his life.  Now all he had to do was convince her.  It appeared it was going to be more difficult than he thought.  For some reason, Anna was denying their mutual attraction.
Steven laughed out loud as he opened the door to the building where his law office was located.  Anna had not been happy about his parting shot.  He had seen the anger flash in her eyes right before he closed the door.  There was fire under that cool, quiet, exterior, and it thrilled him.  There was more to Anna West than meets the eye, and Steven was looking forward to discovering all her secrets.
He walked quickly up the stairs.  The offices of Carson and Moore were located on the second floor of the building.  He and Andrew had rented them soon after graduating from law school, and it was an ideal location.  The space directly below Steven’s office was storage space for the gift shop next door, which was directly below Andrew’s office.  Both offices faced the street and gave them a view of downtown Holton.  The lobby area contained Julie’s desk and their file banks.
Steven entered the lobby and was not surprised to see Julie on the phone.  He knew she was still talking to his sister because Victoria never ended a phone call before she was ready.  Julie flashed him a quick smile as she jotted down some instructions.  Steven had already received his orders from his sister and knew she was now passing on others.  Victoria was planning a surprise party for their parents’ thirty-fifth wedding anniversary, which was a little over five weeks away.
Victoria’s plans were always elaborate, but Steven knew it would be a perfect party and everyone would have a lot of fun.  Unfortunately, he was already worrying about what crazy scheme she might be plotting.  As much as he loved his sister, Steven had never understood her.  She was flamboyant and outgoing, and her mind never stopped.  He had spent most of their youth trying to keep her out of trouble and picking up the pieces when he failed.  Victoria had gone about her business never really caring if things went smoothly or not.  Steven knew she thrived on chaos, but he had tried to protect her if he could.  It was a hard habit to break.
He entered his office and picked up his own phone.  His office was basic.  It contained a large desk, which faced the street, several filing cabinets, two large bookcases, and three chairs.  As Andrew did most of the actual courtroom work, Steven seldom spoke directly to their clients.
Dialing the number of the local bakery café, Steven let his mind wander back to Anna.  He would have to go slowly there.  She was afraid of something.  Steven was not sure exactly what, but he could tell she was fighting their attraction.  He knew he couldn’t rush her, or he might lose her altogether.
When Mrs. Dorman answered at the bakery café, Steven quickly arranged lunch for four.  He then returned to the lobby and invited Julie and Andrew to join them.  They were amused at his predicament but agreed to lunch.  Anna would be more comfortable with others present, so he ignored their teasing and returned to work.
Just before noon, Steven went to pick up the food, and then he, Andrew, and Julie made their way down to Anna’s office.  When they arrived, Anna was on the phone, so Steven had a chance to study her.  Earlier he had been so wrapped up in his reaction to her that he hadn’t taken the time to really look at her.  He took the time now.
She was wearing a light peach sweater made of a heavy material.  It enhanced her large brown eyes and gave her face a soft, warm color.  Her dark hair was curled under just touching her shoulders.  She looked up at the sound of their entrance and her eyes shined.  When she saw Andrew and Julie standing next to him, the polite smile that had been on her lips stretched into a genuine one.  Steven tried not to be irritated at the thought of her being so glad that they were not alone.  He knew she was uncomfortable, which was why he had invited his friends, but it was hard not to be disappointed that she didn’t want to be alone with him.
She quickly ended her phone conversation.  Steven watched as she gracefully rose from her seat and rounded the desk.  She smiled and stepped forward.
“Lunch delivered to your door,” he said, holding up the bags of food.
He returned Anna’s smile and then introduced her to Andrew.  After they exchanged greetings, they all gathered chairs around Anna’s desk and began to eat.  Steven let Julie do most of the talking.  Although not nearly as outgoing as Victoria, Julie was very good at getting someone to talk about themselves.  She was genuinely interested in people.  She was also very curious.  People relaxed around her, and Anna was no exception.
They soon learned that both of her parents were dead and that she was an only child.  She had lived near Houston all of her life before moving to Holton.  She spoke warmly of her mother who had recently passed away but said very little about her father.  Although Anna spoke easily about her college life and the years since then, she seemed reluctant to talk about her childhood.
The lunch was pleasant.  Steven was glad he had invited Andrew and Julie.  They were both interesting people and the conversation flowed easily.  Anna seemed more relaxed then she was when they had been alone.  Soon both Andrew and Julie excused themselves to return to work, and the tension suddenly returned to the room.
“Anna,” Steven asked softly, needing to know, “why are you so afraid of me?”
The shock on her face was unmistakable, and Steven wondered briefly if he had read her wrong.  He didn’t think so.  Looking at her now, she was stiff and closed off.  She did not answer his question and refused to look at him.  He knew he wasn’t wrong, so he repeated the question pushing her for an answer.
“I’m not afraid of you,” she said quickly but without conviction.  
Steven slowly shook his head.  “I find that hard to believe when you get so nervous and defensive every time we are alone.”
“I don’t care what you believe,” she said sharply, finally looking him in the eye.  He saw the flash of anger and resolve on her face.  “I’m not afraid of you.  That would be ridiculous.  After all, I hardly know you.”
“You know that’s not true.  We may not have known each other long, but something happened between us the minute that we met.  There was a spark between us, and it is still there.”  She was shaking her head, but Steven wasn’t ready to let it go.  “You know it’s true, Anna, why do you insist on denying it?”
He saw the anger flash again in her eyes and was afraid he had pushed her too hard, but he needn’t have worried.  Anna was stronger than she looked.  She turned on him immediately.  
“I’m not denying anything,” she said distinctly.  “There is nothing between us.  Just because you have an ego larger than the whole state of Texas, that doesn’t mean I am attracted to you.  I don’t know where you got that crazy idea.”
Steven grinned at her anger, enjoying the fact that she could stand up for herself.  In spite of his protective nature, Steven had never been attracted to women who could not take care of themselves.  Andrew’s late wife had been like that.  Carolyn had been totally dependent on Andrew, and Steven had never understood the attraction.
Anna was circling the room.  When she turned and saw the grin on his face, her anger grew.  “This isn’t funny!  I don’t know what to do with you.  You won’t take no for an answer.”
Steven wiped the grin off his face.  This was getting serious.  He didn’t want her to think he was belittling her wishes.  “I would take no for an answer if I thought you really meant it.”
“I do mean it,” she said slowly, but there was doubt in her voice.
“Do you?” he asked, rising from his chair.  “Do you really want me to walk away from here and never look back?”
He grabbed her by the arms, praying she wouldn’t send him away.  “Tell me, Anna, tell me to go and never come back and I will.”
There was confusion on her lovely face.  She stared at him, her eyes searching his.  Steven waited, holding his breath.
“I…you really…I’m just so confused,” she said as she tried to pull away, but Steven held her.  He reached out a hand and cupped her face.  Anna went perfectly still.  Leaning forward, he softly kissed her lips.  Just a brief brush across her month leaving him wanting more but not willing to push her too far.  He leaned back to look into her eyes and caress her face.
The desire shining there, matching his own, was his undoing, and he gathered into his arms and pressed his lips to hers.  She hesitated at first, and Steven forced himself to go slowly.  He held her loosely in arms and nibbled at her mouth tracing her lips.  Slowly, her lips parted and she began to respond.  Her body relaxed into his, and her arms crept around his neck.  Steven pulled her closer and deepened the kiss. 
He outlined the inside of her mouth with his tongue, tasting her and wanting more.  The shy response of her tongue caused such a strong wave of desire to flow through him that he had to drag his mouth from hers.  Breathing deeply, he buried his face in her hair as he willed his body back to normal.  He could feel her heart pounding and knew she was struggling to control her response also.
“Now tell me that there is nothing between us,” he said softly.
It was the wrong thing to say for Anna immediately stiffened and jerked herself out of his arms.  He watched, confused, as she walked to the door.
“Thanks for lunch,” she said in a stilted voice as she opened the door.  “It was very nice.”
Steven stared at her, unable to believe the change in her.  One minute she was warm and soft in his arms and the next she was polite and distant.  He gathered his things and for the second time that day he walked out her door.  He turned back and reached out an arm to stop her from slamming it in his face.
“I don’t know what just happened here, but it makes no difference.  There is something special between us, and now we both know it.”
On that parting note, Steven turned and walked back down the street.  How he was going to make it through the rest of the afternoon he didn’t know, but he had learned one important thing—Anna was as attracted to him as he was to her.  It gave him hope.

Chapter 3
The rest of the week went by slowly.  Anna tried to hang on to her anger but Steven made it very difficult.  He stopped by to see her almost every day.  She knew she was only angry because Steven had been right.  There was something between them but Anna refused to acknowledge it because it frightened her.  She was falling for Steven and she couldn’t let that happen.  She would never be like her mother, so in love with a man that she lost all sense of self-worth.  Anna wouldn’t let that happen.
Her anger soon faded because Steven was at his most charming.  It was hard to stay angry with him when she knew she was really angry with herself.  She usually managed to remain detached but twice he broke through her carefully erected barriers.
The first time was the day after their luncheon.  Julie had stopped by for a coffee break again and once more, Steven had come looking for her.  Anna wasn’t sure he had a legitimate reason but she did know that he did not have to come in person.
After Julie left, she told him, “I do have a telephone.  There is no need for you to walk down here.  Just call next time and I’ll send Julie right back.”
Steven grinned.  “But then, I wouldn’t get to see you.”
“That’s the whole point,” Anna snapped.  “I don’t want to see you.”
His grin faded, and Steven looked at her with his beautiful blue eyes serious and thoughtful.  Anna felt her heart begin to pound and her palms became damp.  Steven continued to watch her, and Anna had to resist the urge to turn and flee.  Instead, she returned his gaze steadily.
“That’s not what your kiss told me,” he said softly.
Anna turned away from him then.  She knew she had no response to that statement.  The memory of their kiss had haunted her all night.  Anna knew she had been a willing participant, which was why she wanted to avoid Steven now.  
She turned back and saw him standing by the door completely still waiting for her.  He was waiting for something – something from her.  She suddenly remembered what he had said about telling him to walk away, and she knew if she asked him now, he would do so.  Anna took a deep breath, ready to tell him to leave but then she looked at him again.  She really looked at him this time.  He was tense as if waiting for her to strike out at him.  For the first time, she realized he was scared too.  She couldn’t do it.  She couldn’t send him away.  She just wasn’t ready to lose him forever.  Instead, she tried to explain.
“I don’t need this kind of pressure right now.  I have too much to do setting up this office and getting settled in a new town.  I need to spend some time alone.  I need time to think, to get comfortable with where I am and where I am going.”
“Alright, I can understand that,” Steven said, “but there is no reason why we can’t be friends.  We can put this attraction on hold for a while, but Anna, it is not just going to go away.”
Anger boiled in her, but she refused to let him see it.  He was right, but she didn’t need him to point it out to her.  Coldly, she responded, “Fine, but I meant what I said.  I need time and you need to back off.”
She watched with satisfaction as a matching anger flashed in his eyes.  She didn’t know why it pleased her to make him lose his temper, but it did.  However, he said nothing but simply turned and walked out.
Anna sank slowly into her chair and noticed that her hands were shaking.  How could one man make her tremble with anger one minute and passion the next?
She wasn’t proud of herself.  She didn’t like the cruel way she had handled the situation.  Anna knew their attraction was something she was going to have to deal with at some time, but she just wasn’t strong enough now.  She also didn’t like the thought that she might not see him again.
She need not have worried.  Steven returned the next day only this time he accompanied Julie.  He was friendly but never over stayed his welcome.  He didn’t try to see her alone and gave her the breathing room she had asked for.  Anna was grateful but a little cautious.  Steven watched her and the look in his eyes would not let her forget the passion that had flared between them. 
They established an uneasy truce.  Anna tried to treat him with a cool indifference.  She was polite but distant, and Steven never said a word but was as charming and kind as ever.  He treated her with respect and Anna began to enjoy his visits.
She knew that Julie found the situation amusing.  Thankfully, Julie managed to refrain from commenting.  Andrew joined them one day and Anna was beginning to relax.  She enjoyed the new friendships she was forming and liked being part of a group.  She began to believe that she and Steven could build a relationship that she might be able to handle.
On Friday, she realized she might have been wrong.  The first sign of trouble came from Julie’s reaction to the news that Anna had a date.  Steven had not joined them for coffee that day.  Anna had been secretly relieved.  She had to tell Julie about her date but had been uneasy about saying anything in front of Steven.  Anna knew her friend would be hurt if she didn’t tell her, and in a town the size of Holton, there was no way Julie wouldn’t have found out later.
Several times during the week, a man named Jake Carr had visited Anna.  He was a salesman for a real estate company and was in town trying to convince the Holton City Council to sell some of their land just on the outskirts of town.  He had talked to several of the merchants in town, including Anna, hoping to gain their support.
Jake and Anna had talked business only a few minutes before Anna explained that she was new to town and couldn’t make any decision about what was best for Holton.  The conversation had soon turned to other things and Jake and Anna discovered they had attended the same college, although not at the same time.  
Like Anna, Jake was African-American.  The African-American population in Holton was small so with something in common, the two of them had formed a light friendship.  Anna found Jake to be amusing and fun.  She was relaxed in his company so when he asked her to have dinner with him his last night in town, she had quickly agreed.
Although afraid to admit it to anyone other than herself, Anna was hoping that dinner with a charming man would keep her mind off of Steven.  She had been thinking about him far too much.  In her heart, she knew it was an act of desperation, but she couldn’t face another long evening all alone with Steven on her mind.  Jake was safe.  He didn’t stir up all the emotions that Steven did.
She didn’t try to explain any of this to Julie, as she knew her friend would not understand; however, Anna never expected Julie’s reaction to the news that she was having dinner with Jake.
“But what about Steven?” Julie asked in a shocked voice.
“What about Steven?” Anna asked equally shocked.  Julie’s surprise was so unexpected that Anna wasn’t sure she even understood the question.
“You told him you didn’t want a relationship because you needed time to yourself, and now you are going out with someone else?”
“He told you?” Anna said, her voice rising in anger.  “How dare he!  He had no right repeating what I told him in private.”
“Now, Anna,” Julie said in a soothing tone.  “It wasn’t like that at all.  Steve didn’t tell me.  He told Andrew and Andrew told me.”
“And that is supposed to be better?  Now everyone is talking about my private life.”
Anna rose from the chair and began to pace in exasperation.  It upset Anna a great deal to know that Steven, Julie, and Andrew had discussed her.  She knew her past was coloring her objectivity but Anna hated gossip.  She had heard too many whispers and unkind comments about her mother.  The knowledge that people were talking about her ignited her anger. 
She turned to see Julie watching her with concern.  Julie took a deep breath and tried to explain.  “Anna, you have to understand.  On Tuesday, when Steve came back to the office, he was so upset that we knew something was wrong.  We are all very close.  Steven doesn’t get angry very often.  Andrew got him to talk about it and then because I was so concerned, he told me.”
Julie paused.  Anna was still angry.  She had left Mayville because she was tired of people talking about her family.  She didn’t like the feeling and hoped it would be different in Holton where no one knew anything about her.
“Look, Anna, I guess you should know,” Julie was saying.  “I’m nosy.  Most people are kind enough to say I have a very curious streak, but I’m just really nosy.  Anna, please believe me, we never meant any harm.”
Anna’s anger began to fade.  She knew Julie well enough now to see she was telling the truth.  They were a very close group and if Steven was upset, Andrew and Julie would have been concerned.  She sighed softly and sat down.
“Nosy, huh?” she said with a slight smile.
“Very,” Julie replied, still a little cautious.
“Sorry, Julie,” Anna said embarrassed.
“No.”  Julie reached across the desk to grab her hand.  “I’m sorry.  I should have kept my mouth shut, but Anna, Steven is not going to be happy about this.”
“He doesn’t have to be happy.  It is none of his business,” Anna replied.
Julie didn’t look convinced, but she said nothing and left soon after.  Anna tried to keep from feeling guilty.  It was not reasonable.  She didn’t owe Steven anything.  She knew she had the right to date whomever she wanted but Anna couldn’t quite shake the feeling that she was cheating on Steven.  Why did she feel guilty?  She had only known the man a couple of weeks.
It wasn’t the best way to start off an evening, and Anna was a nervous wreck by the time Jake arrived to pick her up.  It didn’t take long for him to notice and question her.  Anna decided to tell him a little bit about the situation.  Jake was kind enough to say he understood and immediately tried to put her at ease by saying they would simply have dinner as friends.
Unfortunately, Jake had planned a very romantic evening.  There was only one good restaurant in town.  The King’s Court was an upscale establishment with cloth napkins and fine wine.  As it was a Friday night, the restaurant was crowded and Anna saw several people she knew.  There was no way that the news of her date would not reach Steven.  Anna was unable to relax and the rest of the evening was very awkward.
“I don’t suppose there is any reason for me to call you again, is there?” Jake asked, when they arrived at her door.
“I’m sorry,” Anna said seriously.  She was sorry.  Jake was a good man and had been the perfect gentleman.  He thanked her for a lovely evening and lightly kissed her cheek.  Anna was grateful for his sensitivity.  She wished she had felt more attracted to him.  He was the kind of man Anna enjoyed being around.  He was intelligent and undemanding.  He didn’t try to rule her life.  Unfortunately, Anna knew Jake would never make her forget Steven.  There was simply no spark between them.
After Jake left, Anna glanced at the clock and realized it was only ten p.m.  She laughed at herself and tried to remember the last time she was home by ten after a date.  She couldn’t remember.
Anna slept fitfully that night.  Most of her things had not yet arrived from Mayville and she had to sleep on an air mattress until the movers arrived in the morning with her furniture.  Anna tried to convince herself that was why she had trouble falling asleep that night and why she overslept the next morning.  The movers arrived on time and she was so busy the rest of the weekend that she did not have time to worry about Steven and his reaction to her date.
Monday morning dawned bright and clear.  Anna was glad to leave her apartment to return to the working world.  After two days sorting out all her possessions, Anna was ready for a break.  She happily returned to work.
Julie again joined her for coffee and Anna refrained from asking about Steven.  Julie did not volunteer any information but simply asked Anna about her weekend.  Anna assumed that Steven was avoiding her but she soon discovered she was wrong.  He arrived right before lunch.  One look at his face told Anna he had heard about her date and was very angry.
She watched with trepidation as he firmly shut and locked the door behind him before advancing across the room.  Anna knew she should object to his high-handed behavior but she was too shocked to say anything.  She had never expected to see Steven so furious.  The anger she had witnessed before was nothing to what he was displaying now.  He glared at her, his face stiff and unyielding.  His body was tight and his hand clenched at his side.  Her heart began to pound and she wondered if this was the way her mother had felt right before her father began to beat her.  Anna held her breath and waited for the explosion.  It never came.
Steven walked over to the desk and sat down in the chair opposite her.  He stared at her a minute, studying her face as if he was looking for something and then suddenly the anger simply disappeared.
“I think you owe me an explanation,” he said softly.
Anna said nothing.  She was in shock.  What had happened to all that anger?  Was he really able to let it go so quickly?  She stared at him wondering who the real Steven Carson was.
“Anna,” he said, prompting her.
“What?” she asked, still somewhat confused.
“An explanation, Anna.  You told me you didn’t want a relationship right now but you go out with some guy no one even knows.”  The anger began creeping back into his voice.
“I don’t have to explain anything to you,” she said defensively.  “I can date whomever I please.”
Steven rose quickly from his chair and walked over to the window to stare out into the street.  For a moment, he said nothing then he turned to look at her.  His face was perfectly still, and Anna realized she had no idea what he was thinking.  He nodded once.
“You’re right,” he said.  “You don’t owe me anything.  I had hoped you would simply want to tell me.  I guess I was wrong.  I’m sorry, Anna.  I was out of line.”
In shock, Anna watched him turn to the door and open it.  He paused and then gave her one sad smile and walked out.  Anna stared at the door wondering what had just happened.  Steven’s reaction totally confused her.  With a sinking feeling, Anna wondered if she had chased him away for good.  She was afraid of her feelings for him, but she wasn’t ready to let them go completely.
Late that night, Anna had the nightmare.  She hadn’t had the dream in years and she worried about the timing.  Was Steven’s anger the cause of the dream?  Did she fear him like she did her father?  The nightmare was always the same.  It began with her father beating her mother and then yelling at her.  She always woke just when the house was engulfed in flames.  Her father had died in a fire.  Although Anna had been told that the cause was cigarettes, she had never been able to shed the belief that she was at least partially to blame.
When the fire had started, she and her parents had rushed from the house.  Her father had shouted at her, asking her over and over if she had left the candles burning in the living room.  Anna had not been able to remember, and her father had blamed her.  He had been drunk and totally out of control.  It was the one time he had hit her.  He had won a great deal of money at a poker game earlier in the evening, and the money was still in the house.  Unable to believe that he would come to any harm, he had returned to the house to retrieve the money.  Anna had tried to stop him but he had pushed her away.  He never made it out.
The nightmare was a sign that Steven was affecting her.  His anger had frightened her briefly, and Anna believed that it had caused the dream.  She just hoped that it wasn’t going to be an ongoing problem.
#
The room was comfortable and cozy but Steven’s thoughts were far away.  Sitting in his parents’ living room, he was still thinking about what Anna had said.  He had completely over-reacted this morning.  His anger had been inappropriate.  Steven knew he felt territorial around Anna, but that he had no real claim to her.  He had forgotten that Anna didn’t feel the same way he did.  She didn’t have his knack for making snap decisions.  To Anna, their mutual attraction was simply that – a mutual attraction.  She hadn’t yet realized that they belonged together.
Anna made her decisions slowly and after careful consideration.  She liked being in control and if she felt even a fraction of what Steven did, then control was in short supply right now.  It was probably driving her crazy.  Steven knew he had been rushing her, which was why he had backed off when she had asked.  Then he made the mistake of pushing her once again.
The problem was no matter what Anna felt, that didn’t change Steven’s feelings for her.  When he had heard about her date, he had been jealous, unbelievably and unreasonably jealous.  He hadn’t realized what an ugly emotion jealousy could be until his anger had carried him into Anna’s office.
It was the fear in Anna’s eyes that had stopped him from venting that anger.  He had wanted to confront her, wanted to demand an explanation, but for the first time in his life, someone had been afraid of him.  It worried Steven.  No one had ever been afraid of him before and that fear had cooled his anger quicker than anything she could have said or done.  He still wasn’t sure why she had been afraid.  He hadn’t threatened her, hadn’t even spoken to her when he first saw the fear on her face but it had been there.  It was that fear that occupied his thoughts now.  He didn’t know what to do about it.
“Steve.”  His mother’s voice broke into his thoughts and he looked up to see her watching him.  Apparently, she had been speaking for some time, but he had not heard a word she said.
Every Monday night, Steven had dinner with his parents.  He wasn’t really sure when the ritual had first begun, but it had started soon after he had returned from law school.  When he and Andrew first set up their practice, they both purchased houses in their old neighborhood.  Some people had thought it was strange that they both wanted to live so close to their parents but both men genuinely liked their families and the location was ideal.  It was only a mile from their office.
Andrew had moved to a newer part of town soon after Carolyn had died.  The house had been built specifically for his family, and the move had been good for the children.  They had needed the change after the loss of their mother.  Steven, on the other hand, still lived just down the block from his parents and Phyllis Moore, who lived next door.
The Monday night ritual had begun because of a natural desire to spend time with people he loved and continued simply because they all enjoyed it.  Andrew and Carolyn had joined them at first, as did Andrew’s parents, Jack and Phyllis Moore.  After Andrew’s children were born, they had stopped coming but often, as was the case tonight, Phyllis still joined them.  Now a widow, Phyllis enjoyed the company of her friends.
Steven looked around the room.  It was comfortable and warm, a safe place.  The chair he was sitting in was one of his favorites.  It was large and comfortable and faced the rest of the room.  Patricia and Phyllis sat on the couch across from him, and his father was seated in another chair nearby.  Steven had spent many hours in this room learning about life and love.  He glanced at his mother and shrugged apologetically.  “Sorry, Mom.  I didn’t hear a word you said.”
“I was asking about the case against Cofax Chemicals,” Patricia said, “but I’d rather know what put that tremendous frown on your face.”
Steven laughed softly.  He looked first at his mother and then at Phyllis.  Both of them were waiting expectantly.  Steven knew he could say he didn’t want to talk about it, and they would respect his privacy.  They seldom pried into his life but Steven thought their opinion might be helpful.
Then he glanced at his father who sat silent in his chair observing them but not saying a word.  A carpenter by trade, Dan spent hours in the sun and it showed on his rugged face.  He was a large, quiet man.  He had brown hair, hazel eyes, and a rather plain face.  He was kind and generous but had little formal education.  Steven had always found it interesting that his mother, who had a doctorate in education and his father, who had not finished high school until a few years ago, had such a strong marriage.
Steven had always valued their advice so he thoughtfully explained the situation.  He told them all about his feelings for Anna and what he thought about her feelings for him.  He explained about her date and his reaction to it.  He didn’t mention the fear he had seen in Anna’s eyes.  Somehow that seemed too private to share.
When he finished, no one spoke for several minutes.  Then Phyllis said, “She’s running scared, Steve.  In spite of the way you feel, Anna barely knows you.  She is new to town.  She is setting up a business, and you come crashing into her life.  That is a lot of change.  It’s bound to be a little unsettling.”
“You can be rather intimidating, Steven,” his mother added.  “We know you so we don’t see it that way, but for someone who just met you, things are a little different.”
“Gee, thanks Mom,” Steven said sarcastically.  He had never known that he could be intimidating.  Actually, he had never really thought about it at all.  His mother made him sound rather alarming.  Maybe Anna’s fear wasn’t so unusual after all.
Both women laughed at his expression before Patricia continued, “Don’t worry, Steve, it’s not that bad, but I can understand Anna’s viewpoint.  When I first met your father, I was somewhat intimidated.  Here was this large, very determined man who seemed to want to take over my entire life.  It was a little scary.  And you, Steven, are a lot like him.”
Steven exchanged grins with his father.  They both knew that where Patricia or his children were concerned, Dan was a marshmallow.  He would do anything she asked.  Patricia intercepted their grins.
“Of course, I know better now but at the time, I was confused.  Love is like that, you know.”
“Just be patient, son,” his father said softly.  Steven met Dan’s eyes and saw the reassurance there.  He took his father’s advice to heart.  He would be patient.  Anna was worth the wait.
It turned out to be easier than he had thought.  Early the next morning, he received some information on Cofax Chemicals that would affect their case against the company.  Cofax had several plants around the country, but their main office was in Seattle.  The president of the company was claiming that the main office did not sanction the chemicals that had been mixed in Holton.  He invited Steven to Seattle to discuss the company’s practices and the current situation.
He arranged for a late afternoon flight and then went home to pack before returning to the office.  As he was going to be out of town, Steven thought this would give Anna some breathing room.  It would also be easier for him if he didn’t see her every day.  He wanted to call her but he knew he had no reason.  It was possible that Anna was still angry.  Steven knew his little macho act had not gained him any points with her.  He just hoped it had not ruined things beyond repair.
Just before leaving for the airport, Julie cornered him.  “I just wanted to tell you to be back by Saturday,” she said in an excited voice.
“Why?” Steven asked with a laugh.  Julie’s delight was enjoyable to see.
“Because Mom has volunteered to take the children for the whole day and …” she paused dramatically, “…for the whole night.  She, Dan, and Patricia are taking them, along with Mark and Melissa, to the Fort Worth Stock Show and then they are spending the night in the city.”
“Okay, I understand your excitement,” he said slowly, “but what does that have to do with me and Saturday night?”
“Well, since I’m free, I’ve decided to have a dinner party and you are invited.”
He gave her a quick hug and a grin.  “Okay, Julie, I’ll try to make it back in time.”
Steven started for the door but Julie’s voice stopped him.  “You do that, Steve.  By the way, Anna will be there.”
On that parting note, Julie picked up some folders from her desk and headed into Andrew’s office without looking back.  Steven watched her go with an admiring smile.  She knew exactly what to say to ensure his cooperation.  He would definitely be back by Saturday.

Chapter 4
The phone rang breaking the silence of the apartment and startling Anna out of her half dream state.  She was exhausted and didn’t welcome the interruption.  She gave the offending instrument an ugly look.  She gently pushed Sophie off her lap and then rose from the chair to answer it.  The cat protested and walked away in a snit.
“Hello?” Anna said after picking up the phone.
“You haven’t forgotten about tonight, have you?”  It was Julie’s happy voice on the line.  Anna felt some of her tiredness melt away, and she smiled at the excitement she heard in her friend’s question.
“No, of course, I haven’t forgotten,” Anna replied quickly.  She hadn’t forgotten.  She just hadn’t realized it was so late.  One glance at the clock told her she had less than an hour to get ready.  Good thing Julie had agreed to call her with directions to her house or Anna would still be half-asleep in the chair.
“Good.  I was just calling to tell you that you don’t have to worry about directions.  Steve said he would pick you up and you can ride with him.”
“Steven?” Anna said sharply.  When she had accepted Julie’s invitation to dinner, she had not expected Steven to be there.  She had managed to avoid him all week but it appeared her luck was about to change.
“Yes, Steve,” Julie replied.
“Oh, Julie, there is no need for him to pick me up.  I will drive myself.”  Anna tried to keep the desperation out of her voice.  She wouldn’t know how to explain it to Julie.
“Nonsense.  It’s right on his way.  His house is just around the block from your apartment.  He’ll be there a little before six.  See you soon.”
“Julie,” Anna called but it was too late.  She had already hung up.
Now what?  Anna thought to herself.  She could not very well call Julie back and demand to drive herself.  It would be petty and childish.  Besides, how could she explain to her new friend that she didn’t want to be alone with Steven?  Julie adored Steven.  She considered him a second brother.
Although they were two separate families, the Carsons and the Moores acted as one.  If Julie or Andrew needed someone to look after their children and Phyllis Moore wasn’t available, they called Dan and Patricia.  When Andrew had needed help building a storage room behind his house, Dan and Steven had pitched into help.  Anna knew that both Andrew and Julie were as involved with planning the Carson’s anniversary party as Steven and Victoria.  They were a close-knit group and Anna should have realized any dinner party Julie gave would include Steven.  She just hadn’t been thinking very clearly lately.
It had been a busy week.  She had finally gotten her office all organized but then most of her customers had started stopping by during the week to meet her.  Anna knew most of them were simply being friendly, but she also realized they wanted to check her out.  She was new to town and a stranger who was handling their money.  She could understand their curiosity and their fears.  She tried her best to reassure them but it had made for a nerve-racking week.  She knew she would probably lose a few.  Some people would think she was too young.  Others might hold the color of her skin against her, and still others might not like her personally.  It was all just part of doing business.
To add to her troubles, Anna had been also trying to settle into her apartment.  The last of her things had finally arrived from Mayville earlier in the week and she had spent every night unpacking and putting everything away.  She had unloaded the last box the night before and had spent today hanging her pictures.  As it was Saturday, she also had to do her laundry and shopping.  She had just finished unloading her groceries and was taking a well-deserved break when Julie called.
Now, she had to face Steven.  Although she had seen Julie every day, Anna had not seen or heard from Steven since his sudden and rather abrupt departure from her office.  She knew he had been upset when he left her on Monday but she had expected to hear from him again.  Even though he had been angry, Anna had not believed that it would be the end of their relationship.  Steven wasn’t the type of man to give up so easily.  It wasn’t until Julie mentioned that he was out of town for most of the week that Anna realized she had been waiting for him.  The thought so angered her that she had immediately tried to put all thoughts of him from her mind.  She had only partially succeeded.
During the day when she was busy, Anna was able to keep from thinking about Steven, but late at night, when she was all alone her mind had a will of its own.  She would replay their kiss in her mind over and over again.  Anna was having trouble sleeping and it worried her.  The nightmare had not reoccurred, but Anna still dreamed about Steven or she would lie awake thinking about him.  She had never lost sleep over a man and didn’t know quite how to handle the situation.
She had worked hard at trying to discover what it was about Steven that made him so hard to forget.  As she was unable to come up with a satisfactory answer, Anna decided it was simple physical attraction.  If she didn’t allow her emotions to become involved, she knew she would be able to resist him.
Anna glanced at the clock again and realized that she had wasted yet another ten minutes thinking about him.  She quickly jumped into the shower to get ready.  Afterwards, she dressed carefully for the evening.  Julie had told her to dress casually, so she wore black tailored jeans with a soft pink silk blouse.  Over it she could wear her short lightweight jacket as the weather had suddenly warmed.  It was typical for Texas.  Despite it being January, Anna had used the air conditioner in her car that very afternoon.
She had just slipped into a pair of flat half boots when the doorbell rang.  Taking a deep breath to steady her nerves, Anna moved across the room and opened the door.
It happened again.  Every time their eyes met, time seemed to stand still.  Anna stood awkwardly by the door and drank in the sight of him.  Something inside her relaxed.  She had missed him.  He looked wonderful.  Dressed neatly in blue jeans and a button-down shirt the exact color of his eyes, he exuded masculinity.  She caught just a whiff of cologne and had to steady her heart.  He gave her his slow gentle smile, and Anna discovered it was more than simple physical attraction.  She knew, in that moment, that she was in love with him.
Quickly she grabbed her purse, pushed him out of the doorway, and pulled the door closed behind her.  Frightened by the intensity of her feelings, she was unable to face him so she raced down the stairs and waited at the bottom, her heart pounding.
“Hey,” he said when he reached her.  “What’s the hurry?  I wanted to see your apartment.”
“I’ll show it to you later,” she said breathlessly.  “We don’t want to be late to Julie’s.”
He gave her an odd look but to Anna’s relief, he didn’t question her.  He took her by the arm and led her over to his car.  Once inside, Anna took several deep breaths.  She couldn’t be in love with Steven, could she?  Anna knew what loving a man could do to a woman.  She had sworn that would never happen to her.  It had to be simple physical attraction.
When Steven climbed into the car, she gave him another quick look and knew she was only trying to fool herself.  There was nothing simple about her feelings for Steven.  Miserable, she looked out the window and said nothing.  Steven started the car and drove slowly out of the parking lot.  He was silent for several minutes and Anna could feel the tension mounting, but she didn’t know how to stop it.
“You want to tell me what’s going on?” he finally asked.
Anna shook her head and said nothing.  She heard Steven sigh and waited for his response.  It never came.  They rode in continued silence and Anna was grateful when he pulled the car to stop in front of a cozy, two-story house.  She reached for the door handle, but Steven grabbed her arm.
“Wait a minute,” he said.  “We can’t go in there like this.  Everyone will know something is wrong and it will spoil Julie’s evening.”
Anna nodded.  Steven was right.  Julie didn’t get to entertain very often.  With two children, it was difficult for her to arrange evenings such as this one.  Anna knew she had been looking forward to this dinner all week.  Phyllis Moore had offered to take the children for the night and Julie intended to make the most of her free time.
“I’m sorry,” Anna said softly.
For a moment, Steven did not say anything.  He simply watched her but she could not meet his eyes.
He sighed again.  “You don’t have to be sorry, Anna.  Just tell me what is wrong.  Are you still angry with me about Monday?  If so, I apologize again.
“No,” Anna shook her head.  “Of course not.  I’m just tired.  It has been a rough week, and I haven’t been sleeping well.  New place and all.  Don’t worry, I won’t spoil the evening.”
She gave him a bright smile aimed somewhere near his ear.  She still couldn’t look him in the eye.  Again, she reached for the door handle.  This time Steven did not stop her but got out of the car and walked around to join her.  They walked quickly toward the house.  Right before they reached the door, he took her arm and pulled her around to face him.
“I think it’s more than that, but I won’t push you.  You do look tired.”  His finger gently traced the circles under her eyes.  Anna’s knees went weak at the tender look on his face.  “We’ll make an early night of it and you can get some rest.”
In spite of the fact that his statement told her he had made another decision without her consent, Anna was willing to go along with it.  She could use an early night.  She just hoped she could make it through the rest of the evening without falling apart.
Steven made no further comment but rang the doorbell.  A large man with a broad face answered the door.  He was tall, even taller than Steven, and big boned.  His face was smooth and his shoulders wide.  His hair was dark, not black like Anna’s, but darker than Julie’s chestnut brown.  He wore it long and tied in the back at his neck.  His eyes were an unusual mixture of brown and gold.  His face was naturally tanned and Anna knew in an instant that he was Native American.  He gave them a broad grin and opened the door wider.
“Steve,” he said in a booming voice.  “Come in, Come in.”
“Evening, Nick,” Steven said as he led Anna into the house.  “This is Anna West.  Anna, this rascal is our host, Nick Riley.”
“I’m very pleased to meet you, Anna.  Julie speaks highly of you.  I’m glad you could come.” Nick turned and led them into the living room.  Anna followed slowly.  She hadn’t known that Nick was Native American, and it had never been mentioned in any conversation she had with Julie or Steven.  She wondered if it was because they were ashamed of him.  Anna instantly dismissed that thought.  Julie was very proud of her husband and spoke of him only in loving terms.
When they reached the living room, Anna saw Andrew had already arrived and was talking to a woman she did not recognize.  They both looked up at the sound of their entrance and Andrew rose to his feet.  Anna had only spoken to Andrew a few times since their first meeting at Steven’s impromptu lunch, but she found him charming and friendly, although somewhat reserved.  He greeted her warmly and then introduced her to the woman.
“Anna, this is Rachel Lewis.  Rachel was recently promoted to head librarian.  Julie may have mentioned her.”
Anna had heard Julie speak of Rachel.  She knew Rachel had been raised in Holton but had only returned recently to work at the library.  She and Julie were good friends and Anna had been looking forward to meeting her.  Rachel gave Anna a friendly smile and offered her hand.
“I am very pleased to meet you, Anna.  I have been wanting to tell you how grateful I am you moved to town.”
Unsure what she meant by that statement, Anna returned her smile cautiously.  She heard the others laugh and saw Rachel smile again.
“Sorry.  That sounded a bit odd, didn’t it?  What I meant was I am glad you took over the Brockman firm because when Mr. Brockman retired so did his wife.  Doris Brockman was the head librarian, and I return to Holton knowing that the job would be mine when she finally did retire.  Only she was waiting for her husband and he refused to retire until he found someone to take his place.  So in a way, you did me a big favor.”
“I’m glad I could be of help,” Anna replied with a laugh.  Rachel seemed nice.  She had a wonderful voice, low and husky.  She was not an outwardly attractive woman but there was something that drew you to her.  She wore loose fitting clothes and little makeup.  Her hair was a lovely share of red, not bright flaming red, but a more subtle strawberry color.  She wore it in a short easy style.  Her eyes were hidden behind dark framed glasses but Anna could see they were a clear green.  She had a quiet serenity about her that was very attractive.
Nick asked them what they wanted to drink, and Julie came in from the kitchen to greet them.  They all settled down in the living room, and Anna began to relax.  She glanced again at Nick.  He was very comfortable in this group of people.  The Riley home reflected his proud heritage, and Anna was glad to know that her newfound friends really did look beyond the color of a person’s skin.
Her own experience with prejudice had left her cautious, and she wanted to see how Julie and Nick handled their situation.  Anna knew she was acting out of character.  She also knew Steven was the reason.  Her subconscious was working overtime.  She wanted a relationship with Steven even if it meant heartache.  Was she brave enough to try?
She glanced at him and felt her heart race.  Watching him was both joy and grief.  As if he had felt her, Steven turned his head and their eyes met.  He returned her gaze, serious and steady.  He was not going to give up.  He was there for her and he wanted her.  All that came through in that one look.  Anna knew at that moment their relationship had changed.  Steven knew it also, and Anna hoped she was strong enough to handle it.
#
The food was delicious and the company enjoyable but Steven could not relax.  Something had frightened Anna earlier, and it worried him.  It was a different kind of fear than he had seen before, which worried him even more.  When she had first opened the door of her apartment, she had given him her usual polite smile, but then their eyes met and her smile faded.  Her face paled and Steven had seen the fear flash across her face.  He had started to reach for her when she suddenly burst past him and ran down the stairs.  He had wanted to question her but she had seemed so upset that he decided against it.
Hearing her laughter, Steven studied her now.  The fear was gone, and she seemed perfectly at ease.  He knew she was enjoying the evening so he put his concerns away.  The look she had given him before dinner had told him all he needed to know.  Anna was no longer running.  Something had happened to her, and he had seen it reflected in her eyes.  She was no longer fighting their attraction.  Steven was glad but knew it wasn’t enough.  He wanted more from Anna.  He wanted a future.  He wanted forever.  But at least, this was a start.
After the meal, they all gathered once again in the living room, and the conversation flowed.  Nick and Julie were considerate hosts, and Nick had a very dry sense of humor, which kept them all laughing.  As with most discussions lately, the talk turned to his parents’ thirty-fifth wedding anniversary.
“Thirty-five years,” Julie said softly.  “I wish Mom and Dad could have had thirty-five years together.”
“They had thirty,” Andrew said to his sister.  The two of them exchanged a sad look and Steven felt their sorrow.  Jack Moore had died six years earlier and they all still missed him.
“What crazy thing does Victoria have planned?” Andrew asked Steven, trying to lighten the mood.
Steven flashed him a grin and shrugged his shoulders.  “Who knows?  With Tori anything is possible, and remember, she has been planning this party for ten years.”
“Ten years?” Anna questioned.
“Well, I guess that’s not exactly accurate.  You see, Tori had wanted to give them a surprise party for their twenty-fifth anniversary but she was a senior in high school and she contracted mono and her plans fell through.”
“Yes, and then,” Julie said, picking up the story, “she had the whole thing planned for their thirtieth anniversary but Mitch was out of the country and hadn’t been getting his emails, so he didn’t know about the party.  He arranged for a Hawaiian cruise for Dan and Patricia so the party was canceled again.”
“She was so angry,” Andrew said with a laugh.  “I thought Mitch was a goner.  I am sure she will have thought of something incredible for this one.”
“What do you mean?” asked Anna.
“Victoria tends to do things in a big way.”
“Unfortunately, her plans aren’t always completely thought out ahead of time,” Steven remarked with a smile.  He loved his sister, but she was a little crazy.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Nick said in his dry voice.  “I have always thought she knows exactly what she is doing.”
Steven found that remark a little odd.  Nick really didn’t know Victoria all that well.  When he and Julie married, Victoria had already been living in California for years, but Nick often defended her and Steven never knew why.
“She does,” Julie said, confirming Nick’s remark, “that’s why everything is so much fun.”
“She sounds wonderful,” Anna said quietly.
Steven turned to smile at her.  “She is wonderful.  You will like her and I know she will like you.”
He watched as her face flushed.  He hadn’t meant to embarrass her, but it had been a long time since he had made a woman blush.  He enjoyed the feeling that his compliment could do that to her.
Soon after that, Steven decided it was time to leave.  Anna was looking tired.  He could tell she hadn’t been sleeping well.  There were dark circles under her eyes and some of her usual energy was missing.  He wanted to know if the fear he had seen earlier had anything to do with her sleepless nights.  It was time to find out.
They drove silently through the deserted streets.  Even on a Saturday, Holton shut down early.  There would be some high school kids over by the one movie theater in town or at the all-night diner near the highway, but most of the other inhabitants were already safe at home.
When they arrived at Anna’s apartment, she turned to thank him for the ride but Steven forestalled her.  He quickly opened his door and rounded the car.  She gave him a silent look but allowed him to escort her to the door.
“Thanks for the ride, Steven, it was very nice of you,” she said politely, not opening her door.
Steven struggled to control his grin.  She was so obvious but he wasn’t letting her off the hook so easily.  He hadn’t imagined the look she had given him at Julie’s.  “Aren’t you going to invite me in for a cup of coffee?”
“You had coffee at Julie’s,” she reminded him.
“You promised me you would show me your apartment.”
She gave him a slow measured look, but to his relief, she nodded once and then unlocked her door.  Steven followed her in and looked around.  It was a nice apartment but rather small.  The living room contained a couch, one chair, and a television stand.  In one corner, Anna had a large plant stand that was full of an assortment of plants.  From where he was standing, Steven could see the kitchen and a small dining table.  There was another door to his right, which he assumed led to the bedroom.
His body reacted to the thought of Anna in bed just a few feet from where he stood.  He imagined her laying naked on top of the covers waiting for him.  Her face flushed and eyes sparkling.  Steven suddenly shifted and turned away from Anna so she wouldn’t see his obvious need for her.  In an attempt to get his mind away from the bedroom, Steven continued looking around.
Dominating the room were two large prints hanging over the couch.  The first was a picture of a woman with a small child in her arms and another standing by her side.  In the background, there was a rundown building and a withered field.  They stared out from the canvas with sad, haunted eyes.  The second print contained a group of women gathered around a kitchen talking and laughing.  One woman was at the sink, another by the stove, and the rest gathered around a table.  There was laughter and joy in the picture.  Steven was struck by the contrast between the two prints.  He walked closer and saw that both were by the same artist.  
The artist was a little known but rising star.  Steven had seen some of her work at a private exhibit in Dallas.  Experts believed that it would not be long before her work would be known worldwide.  The paintings of African-American daily life were well done and were starting to be in high demand.
“I love Keshia Jackson,” Steven commented.  “Her work is very moving.”
“Yes, it is,” Anna replied.  “My mother loved these two prints.”
“Your mother was African-American, wasn’t she?”
“Yes.”
“And your father?”
There was a pause.  Steven turned to see her watching him.  She walked over to join him in front of the prints.  She nodded at the pictures.  “The two sides of a black woman’s life.”
“What do you mean?” he asked cautiously.  There was a stillness about Anna that disturbed him.  She was trying to tell him something.
“This one,” she said, pointing to the first print.  “It shows her sorrow.  Her children aren’t privileged.  They have a struggle before them and she knows they may not survive.”
She walked around him to stand on the other side and pointed at the second print.  “This shows her joy.  The friendships she shares with other women and the love of her family life.”
Steven knew he was missing some major point she was trying to make but he waited patiently.  Anna continued.  “My mother missed out on both.”
“How?” he asked softly.
“How do you feel about Nick?”
Steven blinked at the sudden change in conversation and started to make a flippant remark but when he looked at her face, he realized the conversation hadn’t changed at all.  He still didn’t know what she was trying to say, but he answered her honestly.
“I love Nick.  He is a good man.  He treats Julie well and has been a good friend to me.  Why?”
“And the Moores?  How do they feel about having a minority in the family?”
All at once, everything fell into place.  To give himself a moment to gather his thoughts, Steven walked over to the chair and sat down.  He studied her a moment before answering.
“They don’t think of him as a minority.  To them, he is simply Nick.”
She also sat down.  She was seated as far away from him as possible.  She wasn’t ready to trust him yet.  Steven resisted the urge to go to her.
“And the rest of the people in town?  How do they feel about Julie being married to Nick?”
“Anna, what is it?” he asked, tired of the game she was playing.  “What is it you really want to know?”
She looked away then and stared out the small window.  Steven knew she wasn’t really looking at anything.  It was too dark to see but it gave her something to focus on.
“You asked about my father.  No, he wasn’t African-American.  He was from a rich, white family and my mother a poor, black one.  She was the help.  You might say their marriage was doomed from the start.”
Her eyes traveled around the room, looking everywhere except at him.  Steven sat perfectly still knowing what she had to say was very important to their relationship.  He hadn’t realized she had a problem with their race difference.  He was angry with himself for not seeing it sooner.
“My mother was beautiful,” she continued in a small voice.  “And my father wanted her.  Wanted her until she became pregnant, that is.  Mayville is larger than Holton but word gets around.  I’ve been told my grandfather was an honorable man.  He forced his son to marry my mother.  I believe he was trying to do the right thing, but it would have been better if he had left things alone.  I remember him vaguely.  He died when I was five.”
Anna paused and then rose from her chair to walk over to the window.  Steven wanted to go to her, hold her close, and ease her pain, but she had to do this on her own.  If they had any future together, he needed to know what her fears were and why she had them.
“That’s when the trouble started.  My father inherited all of his father’s wealth without ever having to work for it.  My mother didn’t fit in with his society friends, and after my grandfather died, the rest of the family quit pretending to accept her.  Things went from bad to worse.  My mother’s family disowned her when she married, and she had no friends of her own.  She was totally dependent on him and had no way of supporting herself and me.  My father spent money quickly and without thought for the future.  When he died, we had nothing.  One small insurance policy, which barely covered the bills.”
“Anna, what does this have to do with Nick?” Steven knew she had left out a great deal of the story, but he needed to know what she was trying to tell him.
She turned to look at him.  “Holton is as WASP a town as I have ever seen.  Even more than Mayville.  Do you know other than Jake Carr I haven’t met another African-American?  And he doesn’t even live here.”  She paused briefly.  “Nick seems to fit in so well, and I have heard nothing but good things about him.  Is Holton really so different?”
“People are people, Anna.  There are people in Holton that are prejudice.  Just like there are people in Mayville that are prejudice.  Or Dallas.  Or New York.  It doesn’t matter where you go.  You just have to look beyond them.  They don’t matter.”
“Are you sure, Steve?”
He rose from his chair and walked toward her.  It was the first time she had called him Steve and not Steven.  He saw it as a sign.  He reached out to hold her arms.  Looking into her eyes, he answered with utter conviction, “Very sure.”
She sighed softly and rested her head on his chest.  He gathered her close and held her to him.  Stroking her hair, he asked, “Is this why you have been keeping me at arm’s length?”
She jumped out of his arms and Steven shook his head.  She still wasn’t ready.  He had pushed too hard again.  Her eyes blazing she said, “I haven’t been doing anything of the sort.  I don’t know where you get these crazy ideas.”
“Okay, if that is true then you should have no problem having dinner with me tomorrow night in Dallas.”
She looked momentarily confused, and Steven took advantage of the situation.  He walked quickly over to her and kissed her lightly on the forehead before turning and walking to the door.
“You should get some rest, Anna.  I’ll pick you up tomorrow around six.  Don’t forget to lock the door behind me.  Goodnight, sweetheart.”
Steven closed the door behind him and ran lightly down the stairs.  He felt better than he had all week.  Anna had finally opened up to him.  She was beginning to trust him.  He just had to be patient.
Smiling, Steven drove home while planning a romantic evening in his mind.  Flowers, candlelight, the works.  Suddenly the smile turned into a grin.  Victoria, he thought.  She would know how to make the evening perfect.  He would call her when he got home.  It was still early enough with the time difference.  Anna would have a night she would never forget.
Overcoming her fears wouldn’t be easy, but now that he knew what they were, Steven could plan his strategy.  With any luck, in a few weeks, he and Victoria would be planning more than a romantic evening.  They would be planning a wedding.

Chapter 5
The bright sunlight of late morning crept across the bedroom to shine on Anna’s face.  She slowly opened her eyes before quickly raising a hand to cover them.  Groaning she rolled over, burying her face in the pillows.  The movement drew a protest from Sophie who was curled up at the foot of the bed.  The cat stretched and then jumped to the floor.  Anna looked at her, peering out from the bed covers with one eye.  Disgusted, she flung back the covers and sat up.
“I hate that you are so energetic first thing in the morning,” she said to the cat.  “It’s simply not fair.”
Once again, she had not slept well.  The evening before had taken its toll, and she had been up half the night worrying about Steven.  She had revealed a great deal about her life and her feelings.  Anna was a very private person and did not usually talk about her past.  She wondered if she had left herself open to pain.  Her views did not seem to bother Steven and he certainly had no issue with her race.
Her biggest worry though was the discovery that she was in love with him.  Once she was alone, Anna had tried to analyze her feelings.  She still found it hard to believe.  She barely knew the man and had spent most of her life avoiding love.  She still wasn’t sure how it happened.
Rising from the bed, Anna walked to the bathroom to wash her face.  She looked in the mirror and saw a stranger looking back at her.  Who was this woman with those sad, confused eyes?  She closed her eyes briefly, and when she opened them she saw her mother looking back at her.
“No!” Anna said sharply.  “I won’t allow that to happen.  I won’t fall into the same trap.”
She quickly washed her face and brushed her teeth before heading into the kitchen.  After feeding Sophie, she made some coffee and sat at the table thinking about Steven.  Could she really be in love with the man after just a handful of meetings?  Anna recalled her mother telling her about the first time she met Anna’s father.
“I knew in an instant,” her mother had said.  “I knew that he was the only man for me.”
“How can you say that, Mama?” Anna had demanded.  “After the way he treated you?”
Her mother had looked at her with sad, gentle eyes.  “Love can’t be explained and doesn’t change just because it is not returned.  Some day you will understand.”
Well, she understood now, but she also knew that she wouldn’t allow the same ending to happen to her.  She knew Steven wasn’t her father.  It was wrong to paint him with the same brush so she would go slowly.  She would try to get to know him better, and maybe, they could build a relationship she could handle.
The phone rang, shattering her thoughts.  Anna rose from the table to answer it and a smile lit her face when she heard Steven’s voice.  A feeling of warmth and pleasure invaded her, and for the first time in months, Anna felt truly happy.
“I wanted to call and let you know where we would be eating tonight.  I made reservations at the restaurant in Reunion Tower.  Only we will need to leave a little earlier.  Can you be ready at five-thirty?”
Anna leaned against the wall.  Reunion Tower was one of the most recognizable landmarks in Dallas.  The restaurant was in a sphere at the top of the tower.  It had been opened by a celebrity chef, and the building itself was one of the tallest in Dallas.
“Reunion Tower?  That place is pretty expensive, isn’t it Steve?”
There was a pause at the other end of the line.  Anna wondered what he was thinking and waited somewhat impatiently for his answer.
“Does it matter?” he asked.
Anna wasn’t sure how to respond to that.  Did it matter?  She wasn’t sure.  
“Anna?” Steven prompted.  “Look, tonight is on me.  Don’t worry about the cost.”
The anger came so quickly, Anna had to clamp her mouth shut.  She had spent most of her adult life trying to achieve financial independence.  She wasn’t about to let any man take that away from her.  Her father had used money as a tool to keep her mother in line, and Anna wasn’t ever going to be in that situation.
“I can pay my own way, Steven,” she said in a controlled voice, barely hiding her anger.  “Don’t ever think otherwise.”
The pause was longer this time.  Anna took a deep breath and unclenched her fist.  Just a few minutes before, she had decided not to compare Steven to her father but she did it again.  She opened her mouth to apologize but he answered first.
“Okay, I won’t.  If you don’t want to eat at Reunion Tower, just say so.”
“No, that’s fine,” Anna said sharply.
“Fine,” Steven retorted.  “Is five-thirty alright?”
“Yes.”
“Fine,” he said again before abruptly ending the call.
Anna rested her head against the wall and sighed.  She had blown that one.  Now, Steven was angry and Anna really couldn’t blame him.  She had been acting childish but he reminded her so much of her father.  Her father had not worried about money.  He made decisions without consulting anyone and wanted to control every situation.
Walking across the kitchen to rinse her cup at the sink, Anna realized she owed Steven an apology.  His call had been designed to help her.  By telling her where they were dining, Steven had been giving her the information she needed to plan how to dress.  Anna shook her head as she walked back to the bedroom.  She had to get her emotions under control.
She spent the afternoon rearranging her apartment and organizing her closets.  Although she had finally unpacked everything, she wasn’t happy with the location of the furniture.  By the time she was finished, Anna had worked out all the tension.  She was even looking forward to her evening with Steven.
After a long, leisurely bath, Anna carefully fixed her hair and makeup.  She wore one of her favorite dresses.  It was navy blue and closely fitted her figure, enhancing her tiny waist.  The color flattered her complexion, and after fastening her mother’s pearls, Anna stepped back from the mirror knowing she looked her best.
Anna grabbed a light coat from the closet and wandered into the living room.  Glancing at the clock, she realized she was ready twenty minutes early.  She sat on the couch and tried to read a magazine.  Unable to concentrate, she rose and began pacing the floor.  When she noticed what she was doing, Anna began to laugh.  She was nervous, and it surprised her.  It had been a long time since she had been nervous before a date.
Walking over to the small window and looking out, Anna smiled.  She hadn’t dated in a long time either, but since moving to Holton, she had two dates in less than two weeks.  Her mother had been sick for a long time before she died, and Anna hadn’t wanted to leave her alone.  After she died, Anna had been so wrapped up in her grief and then her move to Holton that she hadn’t had time for men.  Maybe Steven had done her a favor after all.  He had snapped her out of her rut.
The doorbell rang and startled her.  She looked at the clock.  It was five-thirty on the dot.  Anna took a deep breath and wiped her hands on a towel before opening the door.
Steven filled the doorway and silently gazed at her.  In his arms was a bouquet of flowers, and he was dressed in a dark suit and another flamboyant tie.  His eyes traveled from her head down to her toes and back again.  When his gaze returned to hers, he gave her his slow, gentle smile.  Anna felt the response deep inside her and her body tingled.  Her nervousness slipped away as she opened the door wider and he stepped in.
Smiling, he handed her the flowers.  He hadn’t purchased the traditional roses but instead presented her with gorgeous, long stemmed, pink and white striped lilies.  Where he had found them, Anna could not imagine but they were beautiful.
“Good evening,” Steven said.  “You look wonderful.”
“Thank you,” Anna said shyly.  She suddenly knew he was trying to impress her.  The fancy restaurant in downtown Dallas and the beautiful flowers that must have cost a fortune were signs of a man wanting to show a woman he was interested.  Anna was being courted in the truest sense of the word.
She moved back to allow him to enter the room before walking toward the kitchen.  “I will put these in water.  They’re beautiful, Steve.  I love lilies and these are exquisite.”
He had followed her into the kitchen.  “I’m glad you like them.”
Steven glanced at the living room.  “You’ve rearranged.”
“Yes,” Anna nodded.  “I wasn’t happy with the way it was before.  What do you think?”
“It’s great.  It gives the room more open space.  It makes it look larger.”
Anna pulled a large case from one of the cabinets and began filling it with water.  She glanced at Steven and saw that he was fiddling with his tie.  She hid a smile as she realized that he was nervous too.  It made her feel better.
“I like your tie,” she said, breaking the silence.
Steven looked up then and grinned sheepishly.  Anna could tell he was embarrassed.  “Thanks.”
“You know, Steve, I have never even met Victoria.  She wouldn’t know you didn’t wear one of her ties.”
“I would know,” he said softly.
Anna stopped filling the vase and looked at him.  He steadily returned her gaze.  His eyes were gentle and serious.  Anna wondered if his family knew how much he loved them.  For the first time since they met, Anna allowed herself to hope for a future.  Any man who loved as much as Steven did was worth fighting for.  Even if the person she was fighting was herself.
Anna quickly finished putting the flowers in the vase, and they left the apartment.  Steven took her arm as they descended the stairs and led her to the car.  He opened her door and helped her get in.  Anna knew she was being treated to a gallantry that was rare in this day and age.  Leaning back in her seat, she decided to enjoy every minute.
The drive to Dallas took almost an hour.  There wasn’t much traffic until they reached the downtown area.  Anna and Steven talked lightly most of the drive.  They discussed Steven’s trip to Seattle and Julie’s dinner party.  They talked about the Carson’s anniversary party, which was to be held at Steven’s house on Valentine’s Day.
“That’s not a problem for you?” Anna asked.  Most men she knew wouldn’t have wanted a party like that at their home.
“No,” Steven replied.  “All I have to do is supply the house.  Tori will do the rest.”
“Valentine’s Day,” Anna said.  “That is a very romantic day to marry.”
Steven laughed.  “Actually, my dad said he proposed at Christmas, but Valentine’s was the earliest they could make the arrangements.  My parents didn’t want to wait for the traditional June wedding.”
Anna smiled thinking that it must be wonderful to love someone that much.  By the time they had reached their destination, Anna was relaxed and enjoying their evening.  After parking in a nearby parking area, Anna reached for her door only to be stopped by Steven.  She turned to look at him, but he simply said, “Please wait.”
Surprised, Anna sat back in the seat and waited.  Steven walked around the car and opened her door.  He then offered her his hand.  Momentarily stunned at such an old fashioned gesture, Anna just stared at him.  Steven waited patiently with a slight smile on his face until Anna placed her hand in his.  He then helped her from the car before shutting the door.  Tucking her hand in his arm, they walked slowly to the building.
Reunion Tower was a 561-foot building with an observation deck, revolving restaurant, and lounge all located in a huge sphere at the top of the building.  They were seated quickly and efficiently near a window.  As they studied their menus, Anna looked around the restaurant.  It was not yet crowed.  
“Do you know what you want?” Steven asked a few minutes later.
“Yes.”
As if by magic, the waiter appeared and they placed their orders.  Sitting back, Anna looked out the window and was able to see downtown Dallas.  She turned back to Steven with a grin.
He returned her grin.  “Quite a sight, isn’t it?  The restaurant makes one completed rotation every hour.”
“Really?”
Steven nodded.  “The first time I remember coming here I was about twelve years old.  It was my mother’s birthday, and Dad thought it would be a nice place to bring her.  Only he decided to bring us kids too, which was a mistake.  Mitch wanted to know how the revolving mechanism worked and questioned everyone he could find to tell him.  I don’t think he ever got a satisfactory answer.  Victoria found a back way to the observation deck and disappeared for over an hour.  We had the entire restaurant looking for her before Mitch finally found her asleep on one of the benches.”
Anna laughed softly, hearing the love in his voice.  “You get along well with your brother and sister, don’t you?”
“I guess so,” he said with a puzzled look.  “I mean we don’t fight anymore, and I certainly miss them but I sometimes wonder if I really know them.”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t know.  We are all so different.  Victoria and Mitch make their living on the go.  They seem so busy and, I guess, important.”
Victoria worked in advertising and often traveled for her job, and Mitch was a free-lance investigative reporter who traveled all over the world gathering stories.  Anna had read his work and had to admit she was quite impressed.
“I never wanted to leave Holton,” Steven continued.  “Mitch never wanted to stay.  He couldn’t wait to leave.  Victoria had wanted to live here at one time but overnight she changed her mind and headed off to California.  I can’t imagine living anywhere else.”
Anna smiled.  “Luckily you don’t have to.”
Their food arrived and the conversation became general.  The meal was delicious and the atmosphere pleasant.  Anna found it very easy to talk to Steven.  She still avoided the subject of her father and most of her childhood but she told him things she had never told anyone else.  
The evening took on a magical air and Anna let her guard down.  For one night, she would let go of her past and just enjoy.  Relaxed and more content then she had ever been, Anna knew this would be an evening she would never forget.
#
It was a beautiful evening.  The sun was setting in the western sky casting a golden glow over the city.  Steven hardly noticed the splendid sunset.  He was watching Anna.  She looked wonderful.  The blue dress fit her like a glove, showcasing her curves and doing marvelous things for her complexion.  She was more relaxed and happy in his company than she had ever been, and it gave him a deep feeling of contentment.
He had phoned Victoria in California the night before and after teasing him for several minutes, his sister launched into an elaborate plan.  She was full of ideas about how to make it the most romantic evening Anna had ever experienced.  Steven listened and then weeded out the ideas he was actually willing to use.  Victoria had a vivid imagination.  He rejected the hot air balloon ride.  It was too cold this time of year.  He also decided against the overnight train ride to Chicago.  They both had to be at work the next morning, and Steven wasn’t really sure Anna would have gone along with that one.
However, the Reunion Tower restaurant was a good idea and Steven was glad to see Anna enjoying herself.  He was also having a great time.  So far everything had been perfect.
The flowers had been a hit.  He knew Anna had really liked them.  When Steven had mentioned flowers to Victoria, she had dismissed the traditional red roses suggesting something a little more exotic.  Steven had been willing but not knowledgeable.  Fortunately for him, that was not a problem for his sister.  
“You know Tim Moreno, don’t you?” Victoria had asked him.
“I think so.  He has that farm out near Tanglewood Road, right?”
“Yes,” Tori replied.  “For a living, he grows grain that he sells for cattle feed but he loves plants and flowers.  He has this wonderful greenhouse where he grows lilies.  All kinds of lilies.  It is the greatest place, Steve.  I’ll call him tomorrow, and you can go pick up some.  He sells them to friends.  They will be perfect for your date.”
The next day, Steven was on his way to the Moreno farm.  Mr. Moreno was a grizzled old man of few words, but Victoria had worked her magic and the man opened his greenhouse for Steven.  His sister was correct.  Steven had never seen so many lilies in one place.  Lilies of all kinds, sizes, and colors.  With help from Moreno, Steven picked the most beautiful flowers he could find.
Then Steven had planned the last part of their evening.  He decided on a carriage ride through downtown Dallas.  He knew there were several horse drawn carriages in the area and with a little research and planning, he found out where they could be found at what time.  Steven had enjoyed every minute of the day.  The only blemish had been his phone call to Anna.
Victoria had warned him to tell her where he was taking her so that Anna could dress appropriately or she wouldn’t enjoy the evening.  Steven had seen the logic in her advice and had called Anna right after he returned from the Moreno farm.  The conversation had not gone well.  Steven didn’t know why the money issue had upset her, but now that their meal was ending, he wasn’t sure how to handle the situation.  The waiter place the bill on the table next to him and Steven studied her for a moment.  He picked up the tab and looked her straight in the eye.
“I know that our conversation this afternoon discussed money, but you are my invited guest and I would like to pay for this meal.  Is that alright with you?”
He heard Anna sigh and she looked away.  Steven waited a moment and then started to speak but she stopped him.
“I owe you an apology, Steve.  What I said and, more importantly, how I said it, was inexcusable.  I am sorry.  I have had to worry about money for some time now, and I tend to be a little sensitive about the subject but that’s my problem – not yours.”
Steven nodded briefly taking that to mean he could pay for the meal, which he gratefully did.  He wanted to give Anna everything she wanted.  He knew she didn’t need his help financially but he hoped she needed him in other ways.
The Brockman firm had a large clientele.  He and Andrew used it, and so did most of the businesses in town as well as individuals for income tax purposes.  He assumed that Anna had purchased the business from Mr. Brockman for a reasonable amount.  Steven remembered Anna’s comment about her father spending money.  It was certainly possible she had every reason to be sensitive about the subject.
When they left the restaurant, they decided to take a quick walk around the observation deck before heading back to the car.  The sun had just set and most of the buildings downtown had turned on their lights.  Steven and Anna walked to the railing and looked out over the bright lights that spread for miles.
“So many people,” Anna said softly.
“I know,” Steven said wrapping an arm around her waist.  She leaned back against him.  “One time I went to Los Angeles to visit Tori.  I was claustrophobic.  Too many people in one place.”
“When my mom first died, I thought about moving to Dallas or Houston or even San Antonio.  I wanted to be just another person in the crowd,” Anna said.
Steven tightened his arm.  “I’m glad you didn’t.  Their loss is Holton’s and my gain.”
She laughed and then asked seriously, “Does it ever bother you?  That everyone in town knows you, knows almost everything about you?”
Steven thought back to the first day they had met and the irritation he had felt when Julie knew about his accident before he had a chance to tell her himself.  “Sure, it bothers me sometimes.  Once in a while, I just want to tell people to mind their own business, but I also know that if I ever need something, those same people will be there for me every time.”
They were silent for a minute.  Anna had some bad feelings about her hometown.  Steven knew she wasn’t yet sure that Holton was any better.
“I remember,” he said, trying to explain the appeal Holton had for him, “when Andrew’s wife died.  I was at the hospital with Andrew, and I know that at least half the town came by sometime during that long night.  And for weeks, months even, after she was gone, people helped Andrew with the children and even with our office.  It is times like those that make me realize that no matter how bad it gets, I have someone I can count on.”
Anna nodded and gave him a shy smile.  Steven leaned forward and kissed her lightly.  He wanted to pull her into his arms and press his lips to hers.  He wanted to feel her body pressed against his and watch desire flood her face.  But he resisted.  He could push for a physical response.  They both knew the attraction was there, but he want more.  Anna was still wary, and Steven wasn’t about to rush her.  He had made that mistake once, and he wasn’t willing to risk it again.  The price was too high.
They returned to the ground level and walked down the street to the waiting carriages.  Anna was delighted with his choice, and they rode through the streets wrapped in a blanket.  Their driver was willing to talk, so Steven asked the guide for some local history.  The man knew his business and kept them entertained with interesting and amusing stories throughout the entire ride.
Steven drove slowly back to Holton, not ready for the night to end.  They were silent but it was a comfortable silence.  Steven was pleasantly tired and hoped that Anna felt the same.  They arrived at her apartment all too soon.  He walked her up the stairs and Anna invited him in for coffee.  Steven knew he should leave.  They both had to work in the morning.  It would be too tempting to stay the entire night if he gave in, but one look at her face and all resistance flew out the window.
They took their coffee into the living room and sat on the couch, which now sat opposite the two large prints.  They talked about their evening and about the stories their driver had told them.  Steven tried to keep his mind off the bed that was just a few feet away in the next room.  He finished his coffee and leaned back on the couch.  He drew Anna into his arms.  I will just hold her for a minute, he thought to himself.  She leaned her head against his shoulder and they sat there silently, just enjoying the intimacy.
Steven knew this was right.  With Anna in his arms, his world was complete.  He slowly drew his hand up and down her arm and worked on keeping his hormones in check.  He glanced at the front of his pants and hoped that Anna wouldn’t notice his reaction to her closeness.  He waited a moment and shifted slightly trying to adjust.  He then looked down at Anna’s face and realized she had fallen asleep.  Steven chuckled.  
“Well,” he said softly, “I guess that is my clue to leave.”
He slipped his arms under her and rose from the couch trying not to wake her.  He walked slowly into the bedroom and laid her down on the bed.  Her cat was seated in the center of the bed and gave Steven a disgusted look when the movement jostled her from her resting place. 
“Sorry,” Steven said softly and reached out to scratch the cat under her chin.  Sophie accepted the caress but soon grew tired of sitting and curled up into a ball next to Anna.  Steven felt a surge of envy.  He badly wanted to crawl into bed beside Anna and fall asleep with her in his arms.
The bedroom was a surprise to him.  Anna was all woman, but her dress was conservative, and she always wore solid colors.  Her bedroom, however, was all floral.  It was a completely feminine room.  Her bed covers were pink with mauve roses and ruffles around the edge.  She had matching curtains and a matching cloth on the bedside table.  Under the window, there was an old fashion chase lounge and in one corner a huge full length mirror on a stand.  In the other corner was a small vanity table complete with mirror and stool.  It was a beautiful room but one out of character for the practical, restrained woman he had come to know.  It was another side of her he had yet to explore.
Steven looked down at her once last time.  She was still fully dressed, and he knew he didn’t have the will power to undress her.  He removed her shoes and loosened the top two buttons on her dress.  She sighed and turned onto her side.  Steven leaned over and softly kissed her goodnight.  It was not the ending he had planned but it was satisfying nonetheless.
He let himself out of her apartment and drove home through the quiet streets.  His cell phone rang just as he was unlocking the door.  He hoped it was Anna.  Steven was only a little disappointed when he saw it was Victoria instead.
“So how did it go?” she asked excitedly.
Steven grinned.  Victoria was the happiest person he knew and she made other people happy by just being in the same room or on the same phone line.  It was a unique talent and Steven loved her for it.
“It went great, Tori.”  He settled into his armchair knowing it was going to be a long conversation.  His sister would want a blow-by-blow account of the entire evening.  He didn’t care.  He was still too wound up to sleep anyway.
“It couldn’t have gone that great,” Victoria said knowingly.  “You are already home.”
Steven looked at his watch and was surprised to see that it was just a little after eleven.  He had thought it was much later.  He laughed at Victoria’s statement.
“She fell asleep in my arms,” he told his sister, knowing she wouldn’t let that one pass without comment.
“Yeah, but were you in her bed at the time?”
“Tori, shame on you,” he said trying not to laugh.  “A gentleman never tells.”
She laughed her very infectious laugh and Steven soon joined in.  Then he said, “You are not supposed to talk like that.  You are a very proper and well-bred young lady.”
“Oh Steve, you are so full of it.  When are you going to realize I am all grown up?”
“Never, I’m afraid.  To me, you will always be my baby sister,” Steven said a little sadly.  He missed his siblings and although they spoke and emailed often, it just wasn’t the same.
“She’s special, Tori,” he said now, wanting to share it with her.
“I know.”  There was a short pause.  “You’ve never called me before a date.  I knew last night that she was important.  I’m really happy for you, Steve.  You deserve it.  I can’t wait to meet her.”
Steven leaned his head back on the chair and told her all about the date.  In spite of the fact that Victoria could talk more than anyone he knew, she was also a good listener.  They talked for almost an hour and when Steven finally ended the call, he knew he would now be able to sleep.
He had made some headway with Anna tonight.  Their relationship wasn’t where he wanted it to be but they were getting closer.  She fell asleep in his arms.  She was starting to trust him. Now all he had to do was turn that trust into love.

Chapter 6
The persistent ringing woke Anna from the deepest sleep she had in weeks.  Her arm snaked out to shut off the alarm but then she suddenly sat up.  The ringing wasn’t her alarm clock but the phone.  Anna glanced down and realized she was still fully dressed and the memories of the previous evening came flooding back.  She remembered resting her head on Steven’s shoulder.  She could hear his even breathing and the steading, constant beating of his heart.  She had felt safe and content.  Apparently so content, she had fallen asleep.
She looked down at her dress with distaste.  Either Steven had carried her to the bedroom, or sometime in the night she had managed to make her own way there.  Somehow, Anna was certain it was the former.  Steven had removed her shoes and unbuttoned her dress but thankfully that was all.  She was embarrassed enough about falling asleep in his arms.  It would have been much worse if he had undressed her too.  She wanted to be fully awake when he did that!  Anna grinned at the thought.  The ringing of the phone brought her back to the present, and she leaned over to pick it up.
“Good morning.”  Steven’s deep voice came across the line to give her a warm feeling straight down to her toes.  “I didn’t know how to set your alarm, so I thought I better call to make sure you woke up in time for work.  Are you awake?”
“Barely,” Anna laughed, still a little embarrassed.  Steven didn’t seem to think anything was wrong, so she tried to not worry about it.  “Thanks for calling.  I’m sorry I fell asleep on you last night.”
“I’m not,” Steven replied in a low caressing voice.  Anna shivered at the sound.  “I like you sleeping in my arms.”
“Oh, Steve,” Anna said with a tremor in her voice.  She wasn’t sure how to answer that, so she remained silent.  He seemed to understand for he changed the subject.
“I know you have a lot to do this week, but can we meet one day for lunch?”
Anna smiled.  “I’d like that.”
“Okay, I’ll call you later, and we will arrange something.  I better let you go or I’ll be late for work.  Have a great day, honey.
Something flickered in her at the endearment.  She sighed softly, “You too.”
After she hung up the phone, Anna laid back on the bed and relived the night before.  It had been a magical evening.  Anna felt that maybe she had finally met the man who could make her lose all her fears.
Sophie jumped onto the bed and demanded her attention.  The cat rubbed her head under Anna’s hand and she absently petted the animal.  A smile seemed fixed on her face as she remembered the carriage ride and the drive home.  Anna had never felt so comfortable in a man’s presence, and she had enjoyed herself immensely.  Falling asleep in Steven’s arms was something she never thought she would be able to do but she had felt so safe.  It was a rare feeling for her, and she had been so relaxed that she slept deeply.
She needed the sleep.  She felt more rested now than she had since the move to Holton.  Steven’s care wasn’t as difficult to accept as she had thought it would be.  Perhaps she was learning to trust.  As long as Steven did not try to control her life, she would be satisfied.  That thought gave her a wonderful feeling that would carry her through the day.
Anna looked at the clock and then jumped from the bed.  She had to hurry or she would be late.  She gave Sophie one last stroke and started her day.
Steven did call her and they met for lunch the next day.  The following weeks were some of the happiest in Anna’s life.  Steven did not pressure her but wanted to see her often enough that it was very flattering.  They usually had lunch at least once a week and made plans for every weekend.
Steven was a great guide and Anna soon learned a lot about the area.  They took two more trips into Dallas.  Once to visit the Dallas Museum of Art and then attend the Dallas Symphony.  The Dallas Symphony played at the Meyerson Symphony Center located in the Arts District.  It was an elegant and romantic date.
Another day, they spent at the zoo and then the Dallas Arboretum and Botanical Garden.  Even in winter, the Arboretum had an assortment of seasonal flowers and ornamental shrubs.  The weather was nice so it was pleasant to be outdoors for a while.
Two totally different days but both were a lot of fun.  Steven was a wonderful companion, and Anna was falling deeper in love every day.
One Saturday, Steven took her to meet Tim Moreno and show her the greenhouse where he had gotten the lilies he had given her.  He told her about calling his sister and planning their first date.  Anna was shocked and flattered that he had gone to so much trouble.  They later drove to McKinney, a town not far from Holton.  McKinney’s downtown area was a square block that contained over a hundred specialty shops and restaurants.  They spent some time poking into the stores and antique shops before going to a movie.
Anna was becoming deeper and deeper involved with Steven.  It would have frightened her if she hadn’t been so happy.  She started helping Julie and Steven with the plans for his parents’ anniversary party although she had yet to meet the elder Carsons.  Steven had invited her to have dinner with him and his parents, but Anna wasn’t quite ready for that and Steven hadn’t pushed the issue.
One evening they were having dinner with Julie and Nick at Steven’s house when the subject of the party came up in conversation.  It was now only a few days away, and there were still a lot of things that needed to been done.  Anna volunteered to help with the shopping but so far no one knew what still needed to be purchased.  Victoria had not yet sent a list.
“I don’t know if I should purchase some decorations or not,” Steven was saying.  They were all seated around Steven’s small dining table.  They had just finished a huge meal of grilled steaks and baked potatoes.  The men had cooked, so Anna and Julie agreed to clear the table but were still too full to get started.
“Tori didn’t say anything about decorations.  At least, not to me.  What about you, Julie?”
Julie shook her head.  “I wouldn’t worry about it, Steve, I’m sure Tori has thought about it.  She is probably bringing them with her.”
“You’re probably right but maybe I’ll pick up a few things just in case.”
Julie laughed then rose from the table and started picking up some plates.  Anna joined her and the men headed into the living room.  Anna loved Steven’s house.  It was the perfect size.  Not too big, not too small.  It was an older home and had gorgeous hardwood floors.  There were three bedrooms at the back of the house and a huge living room.  Steven told her it had actually been two rooms at one time – a dining room and a living room.  He had the wall separating the two rooms torn out making a beautiful open space he now used for his living room and den.  It was a perfect place to hold a party for it was big enough to house a large group of people without being too crowded.
Anna also loved the kitchen.  One reason Steven had no need for a dining room was that the kitchen was large enough to hold the dining table.  It stood in a small area that was probably a breakfast nook at one time.  It now had a large bay window that looked out over the backyard.  A huge weeping willow framed the window.
The rest of the kitchen was plain but very practical.  There was a large sink and Steven had recently purchased a new stove.  The back door led directly out to the yard instead of the garage, which was to the side of the house.  Anna opened the door to allow the late evening breeze to flow through the room.
Looking out at the night sky, Anna took a deep breath.  She could smell the smoke from the fire that Steven had used to grill the steaks.  Glancing at the barbecue pit, she saw that the coals were still burning.  A shot of fear raced through her.  Turning, she walked quickly back to the sink and filled a pitcher with water before returning outside to douse the flames.
When she returned to the kitchen, Julie looked at her in surprise.  Knowing she probably overreacted, Anna smiled at her, somewhat embarrassed.  Shrugging her shoulders, she said, “I thought it would be better to put out the fire.”
Julie nodded in agreement.  “You’re probably right.  You can’t be too careful.  Especially as dry as it has been around here lately.”
Anna agreed.  Ever since her father had died in the fire, Anna had been very cautious.  Julie didn’t know this, but Anna was glad that she was careful also.  As Anna carried some dishes to the sink, she noticed that Julie had a grin on her face.  “What’s so funny?” Anna asked.
“Steven,” Julie said laughing.  “He will go out and buy decorations for this party that will never be used.  He can’t seem to understand that Victoria will have every detail planned out perfectly.”
“So he won’t need the decorations?”
“No, I’m sure he won’t but that’s Steve.  To him, Tori is still a little kid who is always up to something.”  Julie paused briefly to rinse a plate.  “Actually, we all tend to treat her that way.”
Julie sounded a little sad.  Anna looked at her wondering what was on her mind.  “What do you mean?”
Startled, Julie threw her a glance.  “Well, Tori is unique.  She is very unconventional and maybe, just a little crazy, at least to our way of thinking.  We are a pretty conservative group.  Steven and Andrew can be patronizing.  They don’t mean to be, but Steven pulled Tori out of so many scrapes when she was young that it is hard for him to change.  I just never realized that we all treated her like that until recently.”
“What made you realize it?”
“Nick,” Julie said with a laugh.  “He was always defending her.  So quietly that I didn’t realized it at first.  Then one day he said something and I questioned him.  He told me we all treated Victoria like she was some mischievous schoolgirl, when in reality, she was a very successful businesswoman.  It was quite a shock to realize he was right.  I felt awful.”
“Julie,” Anna said, “why are you telling me this?”
Julie stopped washing the dishes and turned to look at her.  Anna had never seen her so serious.  “Tori is my best friend.  She is coming home in a few days and I don’t want anything to hurt her.  I think sometimes Steven’s attitude does.  Will you talk to him?”
Anna immediately shook her head.  “No way, Julie.  If there is a problem between Steven and his sister, I don’t want to be in the middle of it.  Steve loves her a lot.”
“I know,” Julie replied.  “So do I.  You’re right.  We shouldn’t interfere.  It’s just that recently I have sensed a restlessness in Tori, and I’m not sure she is happy, which feels weird, as she is the happiest person I know.  I guess I want to make everything alright for her.”
“You’re a good friend, Julie, but they will work it out.  Just wait and see.”
Julie nodded and then asked, “Anna, do you want to go with me to pick her up at the airport?”
“Me?” Anna squeaked.  She knew Victoria was flying in on the day of the party.  She didn’t want to come earlier because she was afraid her parents would find out and it would ruin the surprise.
“Sure.  We could leave early and have lunch in Dallas before going to the airport.  That way you wouldn’t have to drive your car here.  The fewer cars we have to hide that night, the better.  Of course, you may not want to leave work early.”  Julie paused a minute while Anna was trying to make sense of the conversation.  It appeared that Julie thought Anna was going to attend the Carson’s anniversary party.  Almost half the town had been invited.  Victoria was planning a family dinner with just the Carsons and Moores and then later the rest of the guests would arrive.  Anna had not planned on being one of them.
“I know,” Julie continued, “we can pick you up from your office on our way back to town.  How does that sound?”
“Julie, I’m not going to the party.”
Her friend stopped and looked at her.  “Of course, you are.”
“No, I’m not.  I don’t even know the Carsons.”
“Oh,” Julie said, with a flick of her hand, “that doesn’t matter.  Believe me, Anna, everyone expects you to be there.”
“Where?”
Anna turned to see Steven standing in the doorway.  He had obviously just returned and heard the last of Julie’s sentence.
“At your parents’ party,” Julie told him.  She gave the counter one last swipe with the dishrag and walked over to the door.  “Tell her, Steve.  She thinks she isn’t coming.”
With that statement, Julie left the room, and Anna faced Steven alone.  She wasn’t sure what to say.  She had never expected to attend the party.  It had never even crossed her mind, but by the look on Steven’s face, it had apparently crossed his.  Anna put the last of the leftover salad into the refrigerator and turned back to Steven.
“I don’t know your parents, Steve.  I wouldn’t feel comfortable.”
He walked slowly into the room and leaned against the counter.  Steven was dressed casually in blue jeans and a pullover sweater of a deep blue that enhanced the color of his eyes.  Those eyes watched her now and Anna began to get a little nervous.  During the past three weeks, they hadn’t crossed words once.  It appeared that was about to change.
“You could meet my parents.  I have tried to introduce you before but you wouldn’t let me.”
“I know,” Anna nodded.  “I wasn’t ready.”
Steven looked her straight in the eye and Anna couldn’t look away.  His arms were folded across his chest and he stood very still.  “When will you be ready, Anna?”
She had known this day would come.  She just hadn’t expected it to come so soon.  Steven had been very patient but she knew he wanted their relationship to move forward, emotionally as well as physically.  They hadn’t slept together yet.  Anna wasn’t sure what was holding her back but Steven hadn’t pushed.  Although he had not put it into words, Anna knew he wanted to make their relationship more open.  She hadn’t been hiding exactly but she had kept things as quiet as possible.  Tonight was the first time they had even included Julie and Nick in their plans.
The past was affecting her.  Listening to the gossip about her parents had slanted her outlook.  The gossip hadn’t been just about race.  Some of it had been more about social standing but all of it had been cruel.  In high school, Anna had never dated any boy who wasn’t black.  Once she went to college and had gotten away from the small town atmosphere, she had relaxed some but even now she was still a little leery about openly acknowledging their relationship.  It wasn’t fair to Steven and Anna knew she had to make a decision.
She walked to the sink and washed her hands, stalling for time.  She was concerned about meeting Steven’s parents because she was still unsure how they would react to her being African-American.  Deep down, Anna knew she really didn’t need to worry, but it was hard to let go of that fear.  She had to make a choice now.  She looked at Steven and made the only choice she could.  She couldn’t let him go just yet.
She gave him a smile and walked over to him.  She touched him lightly on the arm.  “I’m ready now.”
His reaction was all she could hope for.  He gathered her close and kissed the top of her head.  “So you’ll come to the party?” he asked.
Anna nodded and lifted her head for his kiss.  She just hoped she made the right decision.
#
“I don’t know, Andrew.  It seems like we take one step forward and then two steps back.  I just can’t seem to reach her.”  Steven was sitting on Andrew’s couch in his den watching a Houston Rockets basketball game.  Actually, Andrew was watching the game.  Steven was talking about Anna.  It seemed to be all he could talk about lately.  He looked at his friend, whose eyes were glued to the television set, and sighed.
When he had accepted Andrew’s invitation to watch the game, Steven knew what he was getting himself into.  Andrew was a sports fanatic.  Any type of sport – it didn’t matter.  It was the one thing he had in common with Victoria.  The two of them could argue sports trivia and stats for hours.  Victoria always seemed to root for the team that was playing against the team that Andrew rooted for.  It made for some interesting conversations.
Andrew, who had spent his first ten years in Houston, followed the Houston teams religiously.  Steven had known this game was going to occupy Andrew’s attention.  When he had accepted the invitation, he had thought it would occupy his attention also.  However, last night’s conversation with Anna had changed that.
Anna had finally agreed to meet his parents but she had done so reluctantly.  If he hadn’t forced the issue, she wouldn’t have even agreed to come to the party.  The problem was Steven didn’t know why she was so skittish.  He could find no logical reason for her fears.  Anna got along well with Julie and Nick, and she appeared to like Andrew so why was she so concerned about his parents?  Steven had been asking himself that question all night and still didn’t have an answer.
The sudden quiet captured his attention and he looked up to see that Andrew had turned off the television.  He looked at his friend who was watching him.  Steven knew the game wasn’t over.
“What happened?” he asked.
“I can’t concentrate on the game with you sighing every five minutes,” Andrew said sardonically.  “You sound like a twelve year old girl.”
Steven laughed and raised his hands in surrender.  “Okay, okay, I promise not to sigh anymore.  You can turn the game back on.”
Andrew tossed the remote onto the coffee table and then turned back to Steven.  “Steve, I am probably not the one you should be talking to about women.  Other than Carolyn, I haven’t had much success understanding them either, but I’m willing to listen if you want to talk.”
Steven had known Andrew since they were ten years old.  They had gone to school together, to college together, and then to law school together.  He had been the best man at Andrew’s wedding, and Andrew would be the best man at his.  There was no one who knew him better and yet, he wasn’t sure Andrew would understand.  Carolyn had been totally different from Anna.
Steven rose from the couch and walked over to the window that overlooked the backyard.  Andrew’s house was beautiful.  It was a huge colonial with four bedrooms as well as a formal living room and den.  Steven knew the house had been purchased with Andrew’s political career in mind.  It had been built the year Andrew had first started his push for a public office.  Carolyn’s death had put those plans on hold.
The house was impressive but the backyard looked like any other backyard where children lived.  February had brought another cold spell to Texas but no rain.  The trees were bare and the grass was brown but the sun was shining, and Andrew’s children were making the most of the sunshine.  Melissa and Mark were carrying boards and large branches from one end of the yard to the other.  Why, Steven did not know and really wasn’t sure he wanted to but their apparent enjoyment was fun to watch.
“I really don’t know if I need to talk or not,” Steven said, still watching the children.  This is what he wanted.  Lazy Sunday afternoons, with children playing in the yard and friends gathered in his home.  He wanted it with Anna but how could he explain that to Andrew or to Anna?  “The biggest problem is I can’t seem to get a handle on Anna.  One minute everything seems fine and the next, well, who knows?”
“Steve, Anna is a lovely woman but you have only known her a few weeks.  Don’t you think you could be rushing things?”
“Maybe,” Steven agreed.  He turned back to his friend.  Andrew had Julie’s coloring.  He had dark hair and piercing green eyes.  Those eyes were trained on Steven now.  “But you know how I am.  I know she is the one.”  He paused for a moment.  “She has agreed to come to the party.  I guess that is a step in the right direction.”
“You might want to try to see things from her point of view.  We have known each other most of our lives and sometimes we don’t stop to think that something that seems so right to us isn’t always acceptable to others.  You and I know Anna would be more than welcome at the party, but she probably doesn’t feel that way.  She hasn’t even met Dan and Patricia.”
Steven knew Andrew was right but he didn’t know how to explain it.  He needed Anna to be a part of his life.  She was still hiding in some ways.  She had stopped avoiding him, but she always wanted to do things outside of Holton.  It appeared to Steven that Anna was ashamed of their relationship.  This did not sit well with him.
“Carolyn used to say that the Carsons and Moores were so close they didn’t have room for anyone else,” Andrew continued.  “I think sometimes she felt left out.  We have such a long history together.”
Steven had never thought about it that way.  He felt a little guilty.  He hadn’t disliked Carolyn.  She had been a very nice woman.  She had been friendly and kind and a good mother to Melissa and Mark.  He had just never felt close to her.  He was sorry to hear that she realized that she was a little out of place in their group.  He hoped Anna didn’t feel that way.
“Do you think Anna could feel like that?  Like she really doesn’t belong?” he asked.
Andrew shrugged.  “I suppose it is possible but I don’t know what else you could do about it.  Julie really likes Anna and so do I.  We have made her as welcome as we know how.  I think the only thing you can do now, Steve, is let Anna do what she needs to do.  Give her time to get used to us.  We can be a little overwhelming.”
Steven laughed.  “That’s true.  Just wait until she meets Victoria.”
Andrew laughed also.  “If she can survive Victoria, you know she can survive anything.”
“Let’s watch the game,” Steven said taking his seat.  He felt much better.  Andrew was right.  There wasn’t much else he could do for Anna.  She had to make her own way.  He would just try to be there to guide her along.
After the game, Steven stopped by Anna’s on the way home.  She was pleased to see him although she scolded him for not giving her any warning of his arrival.  It was obvious that she had been cleaning.  Her hair was pulled back and her cheeks flushed.  She was dressed in a loose fitting, oversized t-shirt and sweatpants.  Steven thought she looked adorable and told her so.  She laughed lightly and invited him in.
“I thought you were watching the Rockets’ game with Andrew,” she said, as they sat on the couch.
“The game is over.”
“Oh?  Did the Rockets win?”
“Yes,” Steven replied with a grin.  He knew she wasn’t really interested in the game but was politely showing her interest.
Anna saw his grin and hit him lightly on the arm.  “Okay, so I don’t even know what game the Rockets play but at least I remembered their name.”
Steven threw back his head and laughed.  He pulled her into his arms and kissed her deeply.  Anna responded immediately.  Steven had no questions about Anna’s physical response to him.  It was her emotional comment that worried him.
He slowly and reluctantly ended the kiss.  Steven hadn’t pushed a physical relationship.  He didn’t want to scare her.  They talked quietly for a few minutes before Steven asked her to have dinner with him at The King’s Court.  So far, Anna had avoided eating anywhere in town, and Steven hoped that her decision to come to the party was a sign she was willing to be more open about their relationship.
“No, Steve, I don’t think so,” Anna said, and Steven had to suppress his impatience.  However, that feeling soon faded as she continued.  “I don’t have the energy to dress for the Court.  Why don’t we go to Tabby’s?”
The all-night diner was not the most romantic place in the world, but the food was good and it was convenient and simple.  Steven was pleased that Anna was willing to eat there for it was a popular spot and they were bound to be seen.
The meal was pleasant.  Anna remained relaxed and comfortable in his company.  After they ate, they returned to her apartment for dessert.  Anna had purchased a cherry pie from the local bakery and Steven reheated it in the oven.
They talked about their week for a little while but when he returned to her kitchen for the pie, the oven had not heated it.
“Anna is there something wrong with your oven?” he asked.
Anna followed him into the room.  “Oh, that.  Sometimes it will not turn on.  Here, just turn the knob this way.”  She fiddled with the controls.  
“You should get that checked.”
“I will,” she replied absently.
“Maybe I can fix it, Anna.  Here, let me try.”
“No, Steve,” Anna said firmly.  “I’ll take care of it.  I can do it myself.”
“Okay,” Steve replied.  He did not want to crowd her.  Anna was very independent.  She had taken a major step in their relationship tonight.  That was enough for now.

Chapter 7
Although Holton would never be a major city, it was located on a state highway that headed directly toward the prosperous area directly north of Dallas.  Because of this, Holton was able to support four gas stations, a restaurant, and three fast food chains along the highway but downtown the only place to eat was the local bakery.
Owned by one of the oldest families in town, Mabel’s main business was the fresh pastries and pies baked daily.  Named after the first Mrs. Dorman, Mabel’s was now run by the latest Dorman husband and wife team.  A few years back they had started serving lunch during the week.  The choice of delicious fresh sandwiches and hot soup made it a popular site.
Anna ate at the bakery once or twice a week.  Often she would take her order back to the privacy of her office, but today, she and Rachel Lewis were seated at one of the small tables facing Main Street.
Over the past few weeks, Anna and Rachel had become friends.  At first, it was simply because they were both friends with Julie, but gradually they got to know each other and developed a solid relationship on their own.  Anna liked Rachel.  She was a quiet woman, not shy like Anna but she simply had little to say unless you asked her a specific question.  When you did, she would answer with a candid honesty that was not always diplomatic but was very sincere.  You always knew where you stood with Rachel, and Anna admired that characteristic.  She also had a wicked sense of humor under her quiet exterior.  Anna thought she was very funny.
As Julie went home most days to have lunch with her children, Anna and Rachel had started having lunch on a fairly regular basis.  Rachel worked odd hours at the library so she wasn’t always free, but the two of them got together when they could arrange it.
“I understand you are now deeply involved with the Carson’s party,” Rachel said in her raspy, deep voice.  They had just placed their orders and were waiting for them to be filled.
Anna grimaced.  “It’s amazing.  I haven’t even met the Carsons yet.  Today, I got a text from Victoria asking if I could come early to help with the decorations.”
Rachel laughed.  “I’m sure it was worded in such a way that you found it hard to say no.”
“You’re right,” Anna said with a smile.  “I’m just not sure what to do.  I don’t know Victoria either.”
“Don’t worry about Tori.  You will like her.  Everyone does.  Tori is hard to resist.  Actually, all the Carsons are hard to resist.”
Anna had to agree with that statement.  She knew of one Carson in particular that was very hard to resist.  She glanced at Rachel.  “I’m a little nervous.  You know Mr. and Mrs. Carson, don’t you?”
Rachel nodded.  “Yes.  I have known them all my life.  Why?”
“What are they like?”
There was a pause in the conversation as their food order was called.  Anna went to pick it up at the counter.  Rachel did not say anything until they were both settled and had eaten a little.  “Dan and Patricia are great.  You won’t have any problems with them, Anna.”
Anna blushed at the obvious meaning behind Rachel’s words.  That had not been what she meant, but she was pleased to know that Rachel believed that the Carsons would like her.
“What I meant was what are they like as people?  Are they friendly, quiet, what?”  Anna was still very curious about Steven’s family and a little anxious.
“Well,” Rachel said slowly, thinking about her answer.  “They are both very nice.  Patricia is friendly and very open.  She is not as extroverted as Victoria but they are a lot alike and she is very smart.”
Patricia was a professor at a local college.  Steven said she had been offered jobs at several more prestigious universities, but she liked the one on one atmosphere she had at a small college.
“Now, Dan,” Rachel continued, “he is a little harder to understand.  He is quiet, hardworking, nice, but there is a depth to him that most people don’t see.”
“What do you mean?”  Several people had told Anna that Steven was a great deal like his father.
Rachel finished her soup and leaned back in her chair.  “I remember one time, when I was a child, I decided to sell lemonade.  There were several other children on the block, and they had all gotten together to do the same.  I guess even then I was a little out of place.  The other kids had huge, bright colored signs and they rode their bikes up and down the street stopping people and selling their product.  I, on the other hand, had one carefully written sign and sat behind my table the whole day reading a book.  As you know, I am not very outgoing.  Needless to say, I didn’t sell much lemonade.  Actually, I didn’t sell anything that day.”
Anna laughed as Rachel leaned forward, placing her arms on the table.  There was a faraway look in her eyes.  “At the end of the day the other kids rode by and teased me until I burst into tears.  I went home and my mother offered to buy me a new sign and to help me but I refused.  I was determined that my way of doing things was the right way, and I wasn’t going to let anyone tell me differently.”
“How old were you?”
“Oh, six, maybe seven.  Anyway, the next day I set things up the same way.  The other kids did too and taunted me in the process but I didn’t back down.  Well, Dan was working on a house nearby.  He must have noticed the situation because about an hour later, he and his entire crew came to my stand and bought every drop of lemonade I had.  Dan paid for it all.  I had sold all my lemonade by ten o’clock and the other kids were still there after lunch.  Every day for the entire week, Dan and his crew would walk down the street and buy all my lemonade.  I’ll never forget that.”
“He sounds really nice,” Anna said.
“He never said a word to me about it, but I know he remembers.  That is the type of man Dan Carson is.  Steve is a lot like him.”
Sighing, Anna started to reply but was interrupted by a bright voice calling Rachel’s name.  She turned to see a woman walking toward them.  Anna knew she was about to meet one of the elder Carsons.  The woman who greeted Rachel had to be Steven’s mother.  She had Steven’s blond hair, sky blue eyes, and fair complexion.  Her face was very feminine and her nose turned up slightly at the end.  She was lovely, and Anna could see where Steven got his good looks.
“Rachel,” Patricia was saying, “I just wanted to tell you that I spoke with Phyllis, and we would both be happy to help with the story hour at the library.”
“That’s great.”
Anna heard the excitement in Rachel’s voice.  Rachel was trying to start a new program at the library for the children.  A weekly story hour was fairly common at many libraries, but Holton had never had such a program.  Rachel wanted to see if one would work in her hometown.  The problem was the library had few funds and Rachel had to rely on volunteers.  She was also very picky about who she would allow near the children so that narrowed the field even more.  Rachel had told Anna she wasn’t sure she was going to be able to recruit enough people to make the program work.
“Thanks, Patricia,” Rachel said.  “With you and Phyllis, that will give me five regular readers and two extras in case someone can’t make it.  I think that will work out perfectly.”
Rachel suddenly seemed to remember that Anna was still there for she quickly turned to her with a twinkle in her eye.  Anna wasn’t fooled by her innocent expression.  “Oh, Anna, let me introduce you.  This is Patricia Carson.  Patricia, this is Anna West.”
Anna found herself presented with a dazzling smile.  Patricia offered her hand saying, “Hello, Anna.  I am so very glad to meet you.  I have heard nothing but wonderful things about you.”
“Thank you,” Anna said, somewhat surprised as she shook Patricia’s hand.  She detected nothing but sincerity in that statement.  Now that she was finally face to face with Steven’s mother, she couldn’t think of a single thing to say.  Patricia did not have that problem.  She pulled a chair over to their table and sat down.
“You don’t mind if I join you a moment, do you?”  Both women shook their heads.  Anna looked at Rachel and saw the laughter on her friend’s face.  She sent Rachel a dirty look before turning back to Patricia.
“Steven tells me you are from Mayville, Anna,” Patricia said.
“Yes, ma’am,” Anna said shyly.  She didn’t know what to say but Patricia didn’t seem to mind.  She chatted for several minutes, asking Anna about how she liked Holton and how she was settling in.  Patricia was very nice and Anna began to relax.  Mrs. Dorman brought Patricia’s order to their table.
“Well, I better get this home to Dan,” she said, rising from her chair.  “It was lovely meeting you, Anna.  I hope you will join us for dinner sometime soon.  I’ll get Steven to arrange something.”
With a smile and a wave, she left as quickly as she had come, and Anna wondered if she had imagined the whole scene.  Rachel laughed softly.
“See, that wasn’t so bad, was it?” Rachel asked.
“No,” Anna said quickly.  “It wasn’t bad at all.  Is she always like that?”
“Oh, yes,” Rachel replied.  “Tori is even worse or better, depending on your viewpoint.  Personally, I think they are wonderful, but it wears me out just watching them.”
As it was time for them to leave, they rose from the table and headed to the door.  Just as they reached it, three men walked in.  Anna didn’t recognize them, but one of them spoke to Rachel.  He was a large, older man, tall and a little overweight.  His face was coarse and rough and he had beady little eyes.  They skimmed over Rachel in a suggestive manner before landing on Anna with distaste.  She shivered but continued walking.
“Howdy, Ms. Lewis,” he said to Rachel, in a slimy voice.
“Mr. Williams,” Rachel said coldly and followed Anna out the door.
If it hadn’t been for the fact that the wind held the door open a little too long, Anna would have never heard what the man said.  In a voice that was loud and obnoxious, he said the words Anna had hoped to never hear again.
“I can’t believe that Carson boy is dating some colored girl.  I don’t know what got into him.”
Anna said nothing as she and Rachel walked down the street toward her office.  She was numb.  She had let her guard down.  She had felt safe in this small town where everyone seemed so friendly.  It now came crashing down around her.
“Anna,” Rachel began.
Anna shook her head.  “I guess I should be grateful he used colored instead of, well, some other not so nice term.  Rachel, do me a favor, drop it for now.”
Rachel did not say anything else until they reached her office.  The library was in the other direction, and Anna finally realized Rachel should have gone the other way.  She gave Rachel a bright smile although she could not look her in the eyes.
“I enjoyed lunch, Rachel, but don’t you have to get back to the library?”
Her friend said nothing for a moment then in her soft, firm voice she said, “Anna, Howard Williams is an ass.  Don’t pay any attention to anything he said.”
Anna just wanted to be alone.  She wanted to lick her wounds in private but she had to deal with Rachel first.  Taking a deep breath, she looked her straight in the eye and said, “I know, Rachel.  It’s okay.  I’m fine but I do have a lot of work to do so if you don’t mind…”
Rachel stared at her a moment longer and then finally took the hint and said goodbye.  After she left, Anna rushed into the small bathroom and closed the door.  She leaned back against it and felt the tears fill her eyes, but she refused to let them fall.  She looked in the small mirror and slowly shook her head.
“You knew this day was coming,” she said softly to herself.  “It’s time to let go of the fantasy.  You can do it.”
Anna knew the words were right but they didn’t work.  She would have to work on them.  If she couldn’t convince herself that it was time to let Steven go, then how on earth was she supposed to convince him?
#
The sound of the door opening and closing captured Steven’s attention.  He looked up from the case he was studying to see Julie standing by the door with a worried look on her face.  He laid down his pen, and she took a couple of steps into the room.
“Steve,” she said, in a troubled voice.  “Rachel is here to see you.”
A frown crossed his face.  “Rachel Lewis?”  At Julie’s nod, the frown deepened.  “Why?’
“I don’t know.  She won’t tell me.  She just said that if you have the time, she would like to speak with you.”
Steven rose from his chair and walked around to the front of his desk and sat on the edge.  He looked at Julie and grinned.  “Well, I have the time.”
Julie nodded and headed toward the door.  “Julie” he called, stopping her.  He knew what a curious mind Julie had.  The suspense had to be killing her.  “If I can, I will tell you after she leaves.”
“I know it’s none of my business,” she said sheepishly, “but I am curious.”
She left the office and a few moments later Rachel Lewis walked in.  Steven knew Rachel, had known her most of his life, but she was a couple years younger than he was.  She was closer to Mitch’s age.  Rachel was nice enough and Steven knew she was doing a good job at the library.  He had spent some time with her in the past year since her return to Holton but mainly because Julie would sometimes include her.  What she could possibly need to see him about was a total mystery to Steven, but he had to admit, like Julie, he was curious.
“Hi Rachel,” he said, rising from the edge of the desk.
“Hi, Steve,” she said softly.  “Thanks for seeing me.”
“Sure, no problem.  Have a seat.”  He walked back around his desk.  “Can I get you anything?”
“No, thanks.”  She took a seat in a chair opposite his desk.  Steven sat also.
“So, Rachel, what can I do for you?”
For a minute, she looked confused as if she wasn’t sure really why she was there either.  She took a deep breath and then rose from the chair and walked over to the window.  Steven was beginning to become alarmed.  From everything he knew about Rachel, she was acting totally out of character.
“I’m not sure I should be here,” she finally said.
“Hey, Rachel, if there is something that I can help you with, please know that I will, and it will go no further than this office.”  Steven didn’t know what Rachel’s problem was, but he thought it had to be very serious until suddenly she grinned.
“Sorry, Steve, I’m not handling this very well.  Okay,” she took another deep breath.  “I am here because of Anna.”
Steven sat straight up in his chair.  This wasn’t what he had been expecting at all.  “Anna?”
Rachel nodded.  “Anna and I have become friends.  I really like her and don’t want her to be hurt but something happened a few minutes ago.  I think you should know about it, and I know she won’t tell you.”
Steven rose from the chair and walked over to Rachel.  He sat on the wide windowsill and looked at her.  He could see that Rachel was torn in two.  She and Anna had become friends.  Anna had mentioned Rachel several times, and Steven knew she genuinely liked the other woman.  He didn’t want Rachel to give away any confidences, but if she was worried enough to come to him, then Steven wanted to know why.
“Rachel,” he said, choosing his words carefully.  “I’m in love with Anna and I will do everything in my power to keep her from being hurt.”
Rachel studied him a moment and made her decision.  She walked back across the room and then turned back to face him.  “I may be blowing this totally out of proportion but here goes.  We were having lunch at Mabel’s and just as we were leaving Howard Williams and a couple of his friends walked in.”
Steven automatically stiffened.  Howard Williams was not the type of man he wanted anywhere near Anna.  Anywhere near any woman for that matter.  He was lewd around women and more than one complaint had been filed against him.  He was an alcoholic and had been in and out of jail several times.  Recently, they handled his wife’s divorce case.  Nora Williams had come to them a terrified woman saying her husband had beaten her, and she had the bruises to prove it.  Andrew and Steven had gotten her to a shelter and then filed the divorce papers.  They got a restraining order as well.  Williams had threatened them both but nothing had ever happened and the final divorce hearing had been several weeks ago.  Mrs. Williams was safe in some new town far from Holton.  Steven had thought it was the last they would see of Howard Williams.  He might have been wrong.
“What happened?” he asked.
“He made some derogatory remark about you dating some colored girl.  I would have just blown it off, but Anna seemed really shook up.  She paled and started shaking.  It was so…”
Steven was halfway to the door when Rachel stopped him.  “Steve, where are you going?”
“To see Anna,” he said, unable to hide his anger.
“No, Steve, you can’t.”  He was already at the door when Rachel spoke again.  “Steven, stop!”
The absolute command in her voice stopped him in his tracks.  He was so surprised that he obeyed without thinking.  He turned to look at this quiet, unassuming woman with new eyes.
She walked over to him and pulled him back into the room.  She directed him to his chair and he sat down.
“Steve, you can’t go rushing to her aid.  You need to give her space.”
“Rachel, you don’t understand.  Anna heard remarks like that about her mother when she was growing up, and it really bothered her.  I have to talk to her.”
“Well, that explains a few things, but you can’t go running over there.  It would just embarrass and humiliate her.”
“What do you mean?’
“Obviously, this is a sore spot for Anna.  She probably doesn’t want you to know.  I am willing to bet she doesn’t tell you herself.”
Steven agreed with Rachel.  He knew Anna wouldn’t tell him.  He sighed, not knowing what to do.
“So, what should I do?” he asked.
“Wait.  Wait and see what she does,” Rachel advised.  “I’m glad I told you now.  I wasn’t sure I should interfere.  I know Anna won’t be happy if she finds out we have been talking about her.”
“Don’t worry, Rachel.  I won’t tell her.”  Steven was grateful for Rachel’s help and didn’t want to jeopardize her friendship with Anna.
Rachel gave him a quick smile and walked to the door.  “I know you won’t but be careful, Steve, Anna is very vulnerable.”
“Rachel,” Steven stopped her from opening the door.  “Just one question.  I won’t tell Anna, and I won’t reveal everything, but may I tell Julie why you were here?  She is dying of curiosity.”
Rachel threw her head back and laughed.  For a moment, Steven got a glimpse of the pretty woman under the plain exterior.  Rachel grinned at him.  She knew Julie almost as well as he did.  “Sure, Steve, but you might want to make her work for it.  I’m sure you can get a home cooked meal out it if you try hard enough.”
Steven laughed with her and then grew serious.  He walked over to the door and opened it.  Softly he said, “Thank you, Rachel.”
“You’re welcome,” she said, before walking out.  Steven saw Julie’s curious face right before he closed the door and wondered if Rachel would even make it back to the library before Julie wormed the story out of her.
Now what was he going to do about Anna?  He walked back to his desk and picked up the phone.  Dialing her office, Steven hoped his worries were unfounded.  She answered on the third ring and there was a trace of tears in her voice.  For a moment, Steven had an incredible urge to hit something, preferably Howard Williams’ face.
“Hi, honey,” he said softly, careful to keep the anger out of his voice.  “How is your day going?’
“Fine.”
“I’d like to see you.  How about dinner at The King’s Court?”
There was a pause and Steven sent Rachel a silent thank you.  With clarity of vision, Steven knew Anna was going to try to end their relationship.  If Rachel hadn’t spoken to him, he would have been totally unprepared and would not have known how to handle it.
“I don’t think so, Steve,” she said after a minute.  “I’m really tired.  I think I will just have an early night.”
“Okay, that sounds good.  I have to work a little late tonight so when I finish, I will go pick us up some burgers and then you can have an early night.  See you about six or six-thirty.”  Steven quickly hung up the phone before she could answer and told Julie to hold all his calls.  He even turned off his cell phone.  If Anna wanted to cancel, she would have to come to him.
He worked steadily all afternoon and finished just before six.  He picked up the food and headed to Anna’s.  When he arrived, she greeted him with a tight smile.  Steven could see the sadness in her eyes and it tugged at his heart.  There was a bleakness about her.  She was dressed casually in jeans and an over-sized sweatshirt.  She looked small and scared.  He wanted to pull her into his arms and hold her forever.
They talked of general things while they ate, and then Steven sent Anna into the living room while he fixed them some coffee.
“Steven,” Anna said, after he handed her a cup and sat down.  “I don’t think we should see each other anymore.”
“Why?” Steven asked calmly.
She threw him a startled look and then swallowed quickly.  He waited for her answer, wondering if she would tell him the truth.
“I just don’t want to see you anymore.  We don’t belong together.”
Even though he knew why she was saying it, the words still angered him.  He rose from the couch and paced, trying to decide what to do.  Stopping, he turned to her and raised his hands in surrender.
“Okay.”
“Okay?” she said.  Steven could hear the surprise in her voice.
“Sure,” he replied.  “If you don’t want to see me, I certainly can’t make you.”
He could see the conflict on her face, and she rose from the couch also.  “Well, okay…then we won’t see each other anymore.”
“Okay.”
“That’s all you have to say?”
“If you are not willing to acknowledge that we have something special and fight for it for all you’re worth, then I don’t know what else to say to you.”
The dullness left her eyes, and Steven silently rejoiced at the spark of anger he saw there.  Anna stomped over to the door.  “I think you better leave.”
Steven walked slowly toward her.  When he was at her side, he stopped.  She reached for the doorknob but he grabbed her hand.  Her beautiful brown eyes rose to his face, and he leaned forward to kiss her lips.  For a moment, they both stood perfectly still then the dam broke, and Steven gathered her into his arms.  He nibbled at her lips and began to outline her jaw with little biting kisses.  She moaned and leaned into him turning her head to allow him assess to her neck.
Heart pounding, Steven bent down and picked her up before carrying her to the couch.  He sat down in one fluid movement pulling her closer.  His lips returned to hers, and Anna’s response grew even stronger.  Steven turned so that he could lie on the couch and pulled Anna down on top of him.  His hands slipped under her shirt and when he discovered that she wasn’t wearing a bra, desire surged through him.  Anna began sprinkling kisses across his face.  He captured her lips with his as his hands reached up to cup her breasts.  He felt her gasp against his mouth and he drank in the sound.  Turning to his side so that Anna now lay half under him, Steven deepened the kiss.  Her hands tugged at his shirt and the fire spread.
He was about to go up in flames so he tried to slow his racing heart and control his surging body before it was too late to stop.  He gently pulled his hands from under her top and brought them up to frame her face.  He drew back and then kissed her lightly before resting his forehead on hers.  Taking several deep breaths, he willed his body to cool down and then looked at her.
She stared back at him confused but grateful.  No matter what the physical cost to him now, he knew he had made the right decision.  Anna wasn’t ready for a physical relationship no matter how badly they wanted each other.  He took another deep breath and then sat up pulling her with him.  They sat there silently for several minutes.  Finally, Steven rose from the couch and took the chair opposite her.
“Anna,” he said. “Do you really not want to see me anymore?”
Her face flushed a dusty rose and she laughed a little self-consciously.  “I suppose if I said yes you wouldn’t believe me.”
Steven laughed, glad to see her spirit had returned.  “Well, after what just happened between us, I would find it hard to believe.  Do you want to tell me what is going on?”
She studied at him a moment but didn’t say anything at first.  He could tell she was fighting an internal war with herself.  She shook her head before saying, “Sorry, Steve.  I guess I was just running a little scared.  Things have been moving pretty quickly with us.  I am still adjusting.  I met your mother today and got a text from your sister.  It just seemed like suddenly our relationship was far more serious than I am ready for.”
Steven thought about what she said and what she didn’t.  He decided that his mother and sister were probably contributing factors.  Rachel had been right.  He wasn’t going to mention Howard Williams unless Anna did.  He would let her tell him when she was ready.
“I understand.  Just next time something happens, let’s talk about it.  Okay?”  He walked to the door.
“Okay,” she said following him.
He gave her one quick kiss.  “I’ll see you at the party.  Do you want me to pick you up?”
“No,” she replied, shaking her head.  “Julie is going to come by on her way back from the airport with Victoria.”
“Alright,” he reached out to caress her cheek.  “Try to get some rest.  I’ll see you soon.”
Steven drove home thinking that gone as well as he could have hoped.  Anna was still a little cautious but they had weathered that storm.

Chapter 8
Two days later, Anna found herself sitting on the floor in Steven's living room cutting festive hearts out of red construction paper.  She already knew the hearts wouldn't be used, but it gave her something to do while she watched Steven argue with his sister.
Anna wasn't sure what she had expected Steven's sister to be like but Victoria Carson wasn't it.  It was easy to tell they were related.  Put them side-by-side and everyone would say they were brother and sister.  They had the same light blond hair, the same sky blue eyes, and same fair complexion just like their mother.  Although only of average height, Victoria had Steven's long legs and thin build but that is where the similarities ended.  Where Steven's smile was slow and gentle, Victoria's smile dazzled.  Where Steven's eyes were calm and serious, Victoria's eyes danced with life and humor.  Steven was the one you turned to in a crisis.  Victoria was the life of the party.
When Julie had arrived to pick up Anna, Victoria had already been in the car.  A quick introduction and an exchange of polite conversation had not prepared Anna for the real Victoria.  Once inside Steven's house, her natural exuberance emerged.  Nick had already arrived with the children, and they greet Victoria with enthusiasm and joy.  Nick had given her a huge bear hug and lifted her off the ground.  Victoria had returned the hug with equal enthusiasm.  Anna remembered what Julie had said about Nick's opinion of Victoria, and she had to agree Nick treated her differently, with a respect that Steven lacked.
She was dressed in flamboyant colors, a bold red and orange that should not have matched but somehow looked great on her.  She quickly organized everyone, passing out jobs and recruiting volunteers.  She moved with an amazing speed and never seemed to stop talking.  In a matter of minutes, everyone had something to do and was enjoying doing it.  Victoria was still the center of attention, and yet made Anna feel like she was part of the group.  Victoria was everything Anna was not and had no desire to be, but to Anna, she was simply a delight.
"Why not?" Steven demanded.  He did tend to treat Victoria as a child in some ways.  He questioned every decision she made and tried to change most of them.  If Anna hadn't known how very much Steven loved his sister, she might have found his attitude a little odd but she understood.  It was the only way Steven knew how to deal with her, which was a shame because Anna believed they could have a wonderful relationship if Steven ever realized that his sister was an adult.  The oddest part was that Victoria never said a word.  To Anna, that seemed out of character.  Victoria did not appear to be the type of person to avoid conflict.
"I don't understand why the paper hearts won't work," Steven was saying.  "They are pretty and easy."
Anna hid a smile as she listened to Steven.  They had been arguing on and off for about an hour.  Actually, Steven had been arguing.  Victoria simply did what she wanted and ignored him.  Steven had protested the bold red tablecloth, saying it was too bright for the other decorations.  His sister had put the cloth on the table anyway.  He had objected to the writing on the cake.  Steven wanted a simple `Happy Anniversary'.  Victoria had decorated it with `35 years and going strong'.  Now Steven wanted to know why Victoria wouldn't use the paper hearts.
"Because my hearts are more romantic," Victoria stated in a soothing voice.  It was her voice that had surprised Anna most of all.  The tones were deep and rich and her speech, slow and easy.  It was in total contrast to her appearance and personality.
"Romantic?" Steven asked.
"Yes," Victoria replied patiently.  "The real thing is always more romantic."
"Maybe so, but Tori, where are we going to get hearts made out of dried rose petals?"
"In Dallas.  I ordered them.  Phyllis is bringing them."
Anna chuckled at the look on Steven's face and waited for his reaction.  He just shook his head before saying, "Okay, sis, what's next?"
Victoria put him to work while Anna dumped the paper hearts.  She looked around for something else to do but was delayed by the arrival of Andrew and his family.  He was carrying a large box and was followed by his mother and his children.  Anna had not met Phyllis Moore but she had seen a picture of her at Julie's house.  She would have known she was Julie and Andrew's mother at a glance.  They had the same coloring and the same green eyes.  Anna knew that Phyllis was a research assistant at Southern Methodist University in Dallas and was looking forward to meeting her.
"Phyllis!"
Anna smiled at the delight in Victoria's voice and watched as she raced across the room to greet her.  Why walk when you could run?  It seemed to be Victoria's philosophy.  Phyllis seemed just as delighted and the two women exchanged hugs.  Mark and Melissa also demanded their share of her attention.
Andrew had carried the large box into the living room and set it on the table.  He dug through it and pulled out some rose petal hearts.  Victoria took them from him with a quick smile that, to Anna, seemed a little forced.  She also noticed that Andrew and Victoria did not hug.  For a group of people so free with affection, this struck Anna as a little odd.  Briefly, she wondered if there was something between Victoria and Andrew but she was not allowed to ponder long. 
Victoria grabbed her hand.  "Anna, you and Andrew can put up the hearts.  Place them all around the room.  Be creative and don't worry about how many you use.  We have plenty."
"Okay," Anna said, taking the hearts and tape from her. She turned to Andrew who gave her a brief smile.  He pulled the rest of the hearts from out of the box and then turned back to her.
"Well," he said.  "We've been given our orders.  Shall we get to work?"
Anna grinned and followed him to the nearest wall.  She was having a great time.  It was hard not to be happy with Victoria present.  It was a fun atmosphere and Anna could feel the excitement building.  Anna could now understand Rachel's comment about it wearing her out just to watch Victoria.  Anna had to agree.  Victoria's genuine love of life was very appealing but also very exhausting. 
Anna had to admit she also liked being in Steven's home with his family.  It just seemed to fit.  She felt at home here and everyone had made her feel very comfortable.  For the first time in her life, she felt like she was part of a family, and that was something she had never felt the whole time she was growing up.  Despite the image her father had tried to project to the community, Anna had not known what it felt like to be a family until she met Steven.
It didn't take long to put up each heart, and they were almost finished when Anna heard Steven across the room.  She turned to see him removing a small machine from the box on the table.  It appeared to be a boom box with a microphone attached.
"What is this?" he asked his sister.
Victoria swept across the room and took the machine from him.  Instead of explaining, she set it on the table, picked up the microphone, and flipped a switch.  Suddenly, the room was filled with oldies music.  Victoria immediately began singing to the words to the song `Sugar, Sugar'.  Anna laughed and Steven grinned.  Julie and Nick stopped what they were doing, and Phyllis and the children returned to the living room to watch Victoria put on quite an amazing show.  She only sang one verse before stopping the machine.
"It's a karaoke machine," Victoria said, with a grin and a flip of her head.
"Apparently so," Steven replied.  "What's it for?"
"It’s our entertainment."
"Come on, Tori, there is no way we're going to get Mom and Dad to do this."
Victoria just smiled and said in her rich, soothing voice, "We'll see."
Anna laughed as she turned to place the final rose covered heart on the wall.  She glanced at Andrew who had a perplexed look on his face as he watched Victoria.  He saw Anna looking at him and smiled briefly.
"Well, it should be an interesting evening," he said.
It was an interesting evening and entertaining one too.  After the decorations were completed, Steven went to pick up his parents.  Anna glanced around the room and saw that it looked wonderful.  In spite of the rather unorthodox style of decorating that Victoria used, the room had a convivial glow.  The colors blended well, and the bright red tablecloth enhanced the less colorful streamers.  The room was full of fresh flowers.  There were the traditional red roses but also intermingled were fragrant marigolds and some baby's breath as well as several types of lilies that Anna recognized as coming from Tim Moreno’s greenhouse.  The wide scattering of balloons filled out any holes that were left and gave the entire room a festive mood.
At one end of the room where Steven's desk usually sat, a large table was overflowing with food.  The huge cake was the centerpiece but surrounding it was a variety of choices. There was fresh fruit and cheeses as well as crackers, dip and chips. A variety of sweets, like chocolate candy, sugar cookies, and rich truffles were also available.
As the party was a surprise, Steven had invited his parents out to dinner and made the excuse of forgetting his wallet at his house.  When the Carsons arrived, the surprise on their faces was evident.  Anna could tell they were touched by the gesture and joyfully greeted everyone present.  They were thrilled to see their daughter and knew immediately that she had planned the party.  Anna felt a little awkward as she had not yet met Steven's father but that was soon remedied. 
Dan was just as Rachel had described him.  He looked at Anna with serious eyes so like Steven's.  The color was different, but the look was the same, and Anna felt a kinship that surprised her.
Both Dan and Patricia made sure she felt welcome and the party was underway.  It was a huge success.  It was evident that the people gathered together liked and respected each other and Anna momentarily envied their closeness.  This is what she had missed out on.  The love and simple closeness of a family.
Anna watched the group carefully.  She was pleased, although still somewhat surprised, to see that Nick was treated no differently than anyone else.  This totally Anglo-Saxon group did not care about his background.  They only cared about what kind of person he was.  Anna knew she could no longer hold on to that fear.  Her race did not matter to these people, and she knew that would not change.
They had a huge meal that had been carefully selected from Dan and Patricia's favorite foods.  The conversation flowed as did the wine and everyone was in high spirits.  After the meal, the rest of the guests arrived.  Anna knew a lot of the people present but also saw several new faces.  It was obvious that the Carsons were well respected in Holton and the party was well attended. 
There were people of all ages from the youngest inhabitant of Holton, the Johnson's newborn son to the oldest, Mrs. Emma Robinson who had just turned ninety-four.  As Julie had said, every little detail had been taken care of and it was a perfect night.
Anna was sitting on the couch watching the Carsons open their gifts.  She was relaxed and comfortable.  Steven was on one side of her holding her hand and Victoria on the other.  Rachel Lewis was nearby.  She had cornered Anna earlier and made Anna admit that her fears had been unfounded.  Laughter filled the room, and Anna knew this would be a night they would talk about for a long time.  She was glad to be a part of it.
After the gifts, it was time to cut the cake and Julie brought a knife from the other room just as the doorbell rang.  Steven and Victoria's eyes met over Anna's head.
"Mitch," they said in unison.
Mitch was Steven's brother, and from the things Anna had heard the last few weeks, he was late to every event but always managed to make it for the most important part.  It appeared this time was going to be no exception.
Steven excused himself to answer the door, and Victoria went to join her parents.  Nick, Julie, Andrew, Phyllis, and the children followed her.  Directly in the center of the room, all the Carsons and the Moores were gathered when Mitch entered.  The rest of the guests moved back and gave them this moment alone.
Anna, too, sat back and watched as Mitch greeted his family.  She knew it had been several months since he had been home and his welcome reflected this.  He was passed around for hugs and kisses and immediately drawn into their loving circle.  Anna wondered what it would be like to be part of that circle – to be so well accepted and so well loved that the minute you walked into a room everyone was happy to see you.
She didn't realize that her thoughts were on her face and so easy to read, but she felt the tears fill her eyes.   Suddenly, she knew someone watching her.  She turned to see Steven leaning against the wall staring at her with a serious look on his face.  Their eyes met, and for a moment, Anna believed he could read her thoughts.  He walked slowly over to her and reached out a hand to caress her face. 
Anna was speechless.  Steven's tenderness caused the tears to flow, and Anna could not stop them.  He reached down to pick up her hand and then drew her to her feet.  Steven looked into her eyes and then wordlessly, drew her into his arms and kissed her head.  The tears dried and a feeling of warmth and belonging filled her soul.  For the first time in her life, Anna felt safe.  She held on to that feeling knowing it wouldn't last.
#
Steven held Anna tightly, not knowing what to say.  The look on her face a few minutes before had nearly broken his heart.  It was such a wistful look, full of longing and sadness, and he vowed to remove that look from her eyes forever.  He pulled her closer and savored the moment.  They were soon interrupted when he heard his name being called.  He turned to see his brother sauntering toward them.
It was the only word for it.  Mitch moved with a cat-like grace, his steps long and flowing.  He wasn't a handsome man but oozed a sexuality that drew women like bees to a flower.  Steven and Andrew had watched his success with women over the years with a quiet awe.  Their own good looks passed over for Mitch's more earthy physique.  He moved with the confidence of a man who knew who he was and enjoyed it.
Subconsciously, Steven tightened his grip on Anna as Mitch drew closer.  The light in his brother's eye made him realize what he had done, and Steven forced himself to relax.  Mitch and Steven were of the same height and build, but Mitch had light brown hair and hazel eyes, having inherited his coloring from their father.  He was dressed in what their mother called his renegade clothes.  He wore tight jeans, a black t-shirt, and a black leather jacket.  On his feet, he had thick black boots, and his face sported at least a day's growth of hair.  He looked tough and dangerous.  If everyone present hadn't known him since birth, they would have run from the room.
He stopped a few feet away and placed his hand on Steven's shoulder.  The look in his eyes told Steven that Mitch was in one of his mischievous moods.  Although not flamboyant like Victoria, Mitch had his own dashing personality.
"Steve," Mitch said in his gravelly voice.  "Aren't you going to introduce me to this ravishing creature?"
Shaking his head in affectionate irritation, Steven punched Mitch on the arm.  He watched as a light blush ran across Anna's face, and her eyes began to shine.  Mitch, at his most charming, was difficult to resist, and Steven had to remind himself that Mitch was doing this solely to irritate him.
Pulling Anna closer, Steven made the introductions.  Mitch flashed her his million-dollar smile and Anna shyly returned it.
"I am very pleased to meet you," she said in her soft voice.  Mitch started to make a charming reply when Steven knew he had enough.  He threw his brother a pointed look, which Mitch completely understood.  With a resigned grin, Mitch made his excuses and wandered away, looking for easier prey.  Steven watched him go with amused affection.
"Your family continues to amaze me," Anna said.
"Why?" Steven asked puzzled.
"The three of you couldn't be more different.  Don't you think it is interesting?"
"I guess so," Steven said slowly.  He was used to his siblings and had long ago accepted their differences.  "Don't you like them?"
"Are you kidding?" Anna said in a delighted voice.  "They are wonderful.  Victoria is so much fun and Mitch, well, Mitch is too sexy for words."
Steven frowned.  He wanted Anna to like his family but this was something else.  He sure didn't want her to be attracted to Mitch.  Anna noticed his frown and reached up to run a finger between his eyebrows.  
"Why the frown, Steve?"
"You think Mitch is sexy?" he asked.
"Don't tell me you're jealous?" she said, with a laugh.
"Of course not," he denied.  Anna just threw him a grin as she headed across the room.  Steven grabbed her from behind.
"Where are you going?" he asked, still irritated.
"I was going to help Tori with the cake."
Steven glanced up and saw that his sister had started passing out the cake.  He swallowed his impatience and let go of Anna's arm.
"Okay, but stay after the party is over.  I want to talk to you."
"Alright," Anna agreed with a puzzled look.
Glancing around the room, Steven realized that there were several people he had not yet greeted, so he began to make his way around the room.  As he saw most of the people present on a daily basis, he only lingered a moment before moving on.  He welcomed the Brockmans back from their trip and heard all about their cruise.  Mr. Brockman told him how happy he was to hear that Anna was doing so well.  Steven was proud of her and made a mental note to tell Anna later about Mr. Brockman's comments.  He continued around the room until he came across a group that he greeted with genuine delight.
The Fishers were old family friends.  Steven had not seen them in years as they had moved from Holton while he was still in law school.  He had not even known they had been invited, but he should have remembered that Victoria kept in touch with everyone.  He was pleasantly catching up on their news when he was tapped on the shoulder.
Steven turned to see the Fisher's daughter, Olivia, standing beside him.  He and Olivia were the same age and had dated in high school.  Steven was pleased to see her.  They had been good friends in school.
"Olivia," he said, giving her a hug.  "How are you?"
"Fine, Steve," she replied.  "It's great to see you.  I hear you made your dream come true.  Steven Carson, Attorney-at-Law."
"Yes," Steven said with a smile.  "What about you?"
When they were in school, Steven and Olivia and Andrew and whomever he was seeing at the time, had spent hours sitting by Tanglewood Creek talking about the great things they wanted to do.  Olivia had wanted to become an artist.  She had a great flair for painting.  It was one thing that she and Victoria had in common.  Victoria did not have Olivia's talent but they had often talked art.  Steven knew Olivia had been accepted at a very prestigious art school.
"I had my first show five months ago," Olivia told him. "It went really well and I sold several paintings.  A gallery has agreed to show my work on a regular basis."
Olivia went on to tell him that her show had been in Los Angeles and that Victoria had seen the advertisement and had come to the grand opening.
"That's great, Liv," he said, giving her another hug.  They continued to talk for over a half an hour, and Steven was amazed at how much they still had in common.  "Did you..."
"Steve," Victoria's voice interrupted.  "Will you help Anna refill the punch bowl?  The containers are too heavy for her."
"Sure," Steven replied.  "Liv, excuse me for a minute. Don't leave without talking to me again."
Steven headed to the kitchen to help Anna.  Once there, he was surprised to see that Andrew and Mitch were already moving the large jugs from the refrigerator to the living room.  Mitch was flirting with Anna and standing far too close for Steven's comfort.  Anna was smiling at something he said when her eyes met Steven's.  Instantly the laughter died, and she gave Steven a look that would have frozen ice.  Seeing the look, Mitch turned his head and saw Steven standing in the doorway.  
"I'll just take this into the living room," Mitch said, following Andrew out the door.  "It should be plenty for the rest of the party."
Anna started to follow but Steven stopped her.  "Hey, what's wrong?'
"Nothing's wrong," she said coldly.
"Anna, the temperature dropped about fifty degrees when I walked in.  Aren't you having a good time?"
"I'm surprised you noticed.  You were so busy with your little friend."
The reference could only be to Olivia.  Steven wondered if Anna was jealous.  It was the only explanation, and it warmed his heart.
"Anna, are you jealous?" he asked softly.
"Of course not," she snapped.  "If you want to ignore your guests, that's no skin off my back."
"Well, you sound jealous."  Anna's eyes flashed and Steven grinned.  "Oh, honey, you have no reason to be jealous."
"Mitch said you and Olivia were really close in high school."
Silently cursing Mitch, Steven patiently explained.  "We were close in school but, Anna, that was twelve years ago.  I have only seen her a couple of times since then.  She is just an old friend."
Turning to walk a few feet away, Anna took a deep breath.  "I do sound jealous, don't I?"
"A little, but I am glad to know that I am not the only one suffering from the particular ailment."
"You've been jealous?" Anna asked, with a surprised look on her face.
Steven nodded.  "You said so yourself earlier this evening when you met Mitch."
"He is your brother."
"So?"
"You aren't really jealous of Mitch are you?"
"You said he was sexy."  Steven walked over to the sink and leaned against it.  He wasn't sure if he wanted to continue this conversation but Anna still seemed a little angry.
"Well, Mitch is sexy," Anna said slowly, and Steven's heart sank.  She walked slowly toward him and he watched her with apprehension.  Suddenly, she smiled a very wicked smile and Steven's body leaped to attention.  She leaned forward and kissed him deeply before whispering, "Mitch is sexy, but you are sexier."
Gathering her into his arms, Steven grinned at her once before covering her mouth with his own.  He deepened the kiss as her lips parted under his.  Pulling her closer, Steven molded her body to his and captured her head with one hand.  Holding her still, his mouth trailed kisses all along her jaw before returning once more to her lips.
"Excuse me," said an amused voice.
Reluctantly, Steven raised his head and glared at his brother who stood in the doorway grinning.  Unfazed by the look, Mitch walked toward them.  He picked up the extension cord that was lying on the counter.  "Tori is ready to start the entertainment."
Mitch flashed them another grin and walked out of the room.  Steven looked down at Anna who was still in his arms.  She had buried her head on his chest under his chin.  "You still think he is sexy?"
Anna laughed and stepped away.  "Yes, he is still sexy.  Annoying perhaps, but still sexy.  Come on, Steve, I don't want to miss the entertainment."
Grabbing his hand, Anna pulled Steven from the room and they joined the others.  The rest of the evening went smoothly.  Once again Victoria had proved him wrong.  Not only did his parents sing along with the karaoke machine, they taught the younger people some of the dance steps.  Everyone his parents' age enjoyed listening to songs from their youth, and Victoria knew just what to do to keep everything flowing well.  The party lasted until almost one o’clock and Steven was glad when the last guest had finally left.  His family soon followed leaving him and Anna alone at last.
Most of the cleaning had been completed.  Victoria had restored his home almost back to normal.  She had gone home with his parents and Mitch had retreated to the small apartment above Steven's garage.  It was stretching it to call the two-room space an apartment but it had its own bathroom and bedroom.  As Mitch came and went with such irregularity, Steven had converted the rooms to accommodate his brother's lifestyle.  Mitch tended to stay longer when he had a place to call his own.
Sitting close on the couch, Steven and Anna talked quietly about the party.  Steven had wanted Anna to stay simply for this reason.  He had wanted to end the evening with her.  They were both pleasantly exhausted and it didn't take much persuasion on Steven's part to convince Anna to sleep in his guest room.  He loaned her an old t-shirt to sleep in, and Steven hoped he was so tired that the thought of Anna sleeping just a few feet away wouldn't keep him awake all night.

Chapter 9
The tantalizing smell of freshly brewed coffee and something else woke Anna the following morning.  She leisurely stretched out on the comfortable bed in Steven's guest room trying to identify the other smell coming from down the hall.  It wasn't very strong, but it was pleasantly sweet like fresh apple pie.  The thought brought a smile to her face, and she closed her eyes and breathed deeply.  It was a very pleasant way to wake in the morning. 
Anna rolled over and looked out the window at the morning sun.  She could tell it was going to be another beautiful day.  The sun was shining bright and there were no clouds in the sky.  She looked at the clock and was surprised to see that it was only a little after eight.  She had not planned on opening her office until after lunch because she knew the party would last late.  Anna closed her eyes again and enjoyed the luxury of sleeping late on a weekday.
Soon the smells from the kitchen pulled her out of bed.  Anna glanced down at her attire before heading out of her room.  Steven's shirt was long, almost hitting her knees. She was modestly covered and wasn't too worried about Steven seeing her dressed as she was.  She ran a quick comb through her hair and washed her face before heading out of the bedroom.
"Steve, that smells wonderful," she said, as she pushed open the door to the kitchen.
"I'm glad you think so," came a soft, soothing voice.
Anna froze in her tracks.  Coming face to face with Victoria at eight in the morning, dressed only in Steven's t-shirt, was not what Anna had planned.  She stood awkwardly in the doorway trying to find a graceful way out.
"Sit down and have a cup of coffee," Victoria said, making no comment on Anna's attire.  "The apple strudel will be ready in a few minutes."
Mindlessly, Anna obeyed.  She was too embarrassed to retreat and too tongue-tied to saying anything.  It didn't seem to matter to Victoria who carried on a guileless conversation about the weather and last night's party.  Soon a cup of hot coffee appeared before Anna and shook her out of her trance.
"Thanks," she said softly.  Picking up the cup, she watched Victoria return to the stove.  As before, Victoria was dressed in bold, bright colors.  Her top was a brilliant green and the ties on her tennis shoes matched her top.  Her jeans were the traditional faded denim blue but the jacket lying on a nearby chair was bright red.  Victoria's hair was pulled back in a simple ponytail.  She looked relaxed and full of life.  Once again, Anna was struck by the differences between Steven and his siblings. 
Victoria did not seem at all concerned about finding Anna in Steven's house.  It was somewhat of a disturbing thought.  Was Victoria so used to women sleeping in Steven's home?  Anna quickly dismissed that thought.  The one thing she did know about Steven was that he wasn't the type of man who had women coming and going in his life.  If there had ever been anything of that sort concerning Steven, Anna would have heard about it by now.  The small town grapevine worked all too well.
Victoria pulled the strudel from the oven and turned to see Anna watching her.  Anna quickly put down the cup and looked away.  Victoria grinned before saying, "I hope you like apple strudel."
"I love it," Anna replied honestly.  She was beginning to feel a little more comfortable as she watched Victoria slice up the pastry.
"I guess you are wondering what I am doing here," Anna finally ventured after a few minutes of silence.
"I know what you are doing here," came the surprising reply.
"No," Anna said, quickly not wanting Victoria to have the wrong idea.  "It's not what you are thinking.  I mean, nothing happened."
"I know," Victoria said in her rich voice.  "I am sure you slept in the guest room last night, right?"
"Right."  Anna was somewhat confused.  "You believe that Steven and I didn't sleep together last night?"
"You act surprised."
"Well, I guess I am.  I think that if I walked into my brother's house and found a woman dress in his t-shirt that I would find it hard to believe that she slept in the guest room."
Victoria laughed.  It was a wonderful sound, full and deep and it brought a smile to Anna's face.  "If this was Mitch's house, then I would have to agree with you but we're talking about Steven here.  It's a totally different situation.  Besides, as far as Steve is concerned, you are the one he is going to marry so he will wait."
"What?" Anna squeaked, as Victoria walked to the table with two plates of the strudel.  "Look, Tori, Steve and I aren't getting married."
Steven's sister didn't say a word but calmly placed the plate in front of Anna before taking the seat opposite her.  Anna's head was spinning.  She didn't want Steven's family to get the idea that they were going to marry.  She had only known him for a few weeks.  She tried to explain this to Victoria but it didn't seem to be working.  No matter what she said, Victoria always had an answer.
"Look, Anna," Victoria said abruptly "if you think that Steven isn't serious then the two of you aren't communicating.  Believe me, I know my brother and you are just what he has been waiting for all his life."
"That's absolutely right,” came a deep, gravelly voice.  Anna turned to see Mitch standing in the doorway that led out to the garage.  He flashed her his signature grin before heading straight for the coffee pot.  "You, my dear, are all my dreams come true."
"Shut up, Mitch," Victoria said indulgently.  "Anna is too smart to take up with the likes of you."
"Oh," Mitch said, dramatically placing his hand over his heart, "my heart is broken.  Anna, my dearest, say that isn't true.  I don't think I can live another day without you in my life."
"You'll live," Victoria said sardonically.
"You're probably right especially if I can have a piece of that apple strudel."
"I didn't realize I was so easy to get over," Anna said, with a laugh enjoying the playful humor.  She had never known people who so enjoyed life.  "Offer the man a pastry and his heart is mended."
Victoria and Mitch laughed with her as Mitch joined them at the table.  He was even more dangerous looking this morning as he still hadn't shaved and he was dressed in a tight fitting t-shirt and faded blue jeans.  Anna wondered how many hearts he had broken.  The rebel in Mitch would present an interesting challenge to some women.  She was just glad she wasn't one of them.
"What on earth are you doing up so early?" Victoria asked him.
"What on earth are you both doing in my kitchen?"
Steven walked into the room wearing just a pair of jeans.  His hair was out of place as if he had just run his fingers through it, and he also hadn't shaved.  He looked rumpled and sleepy.  Anna thought he was beautiful.  She was surprised when he kissed her casually before walking over to the coffee pot.
"I'm here making you breakfast," Victoria said, gesturing toward the stove.  "It's a thank you for taking me to the airport.  Mitch is here being annoying.  You do remember that you are taking me to the airport, don't you?"
Anna could tell Steven didn't really remember but agreed with her anyway.  It was fun to watch him with his siblings.  He was more relaxed around them and more open.  It was obvious to Anna that the three of them shared a special bond.  Victoria flashed her a grin showing Anna she also knew Steven had forgotten.
"Yeah, I remember but doesn't your flight leave tonight?"
"I had to change it.  I have to be back in L. A. this afternoon.  I told you all about it last night."
"Oh, well, when do we have to leave for the airport?"
"In about an hour."
"I guess I better go take a shower."  He pointed a finger at Mitch.  "Don't eat all the strudel."
Anna watched him go with a mixture of affection and fear.  No one seemed at all concerned about her being here among his family, and she felt as if she belonged.  It was an odd feeling and a frightening one.  Maybe Victoria's earlier statement wasn't so far off the mark after all.  Maybe Steven was considering marriage.  It was something she needed to think about, later, when she was alone.
"Mitch," Victoria was saying, "why don't you ride with us to the airport?  I have something I want to talk to you and Steve about."
"Okay," Mitch said, running a hand through his hair.  Anna noticed a small scar on his forehead and she wondered where he got it.  It added even more to his rugged image.  She watched him covertly as he rose from his chair and walk to the door.  "If I'm going with you, I better clean up too."
All at once, Anna was alone again with Victoria.  She found it hard to believe she was still sitting at Steven's table, in his shirt, casually having breakfast.
"Do you want to go with us, Anna?" Victoria asked.
"Oh, no, thanks but I won't intrude."  Victoria had sounded serious when she had said she wanted to talk to her brothers, and Anna didn't want to be in the way.
"You won't be intruding, Anna," Victoria said with a smile.  "I wouldn't have asked you if you were.  Trust me, I am not the type of person that would have asked just to be polite."
"I know.  I thought that when I first met you."  Anna rose with Victoria and carried her plate to the sink.  "Tori, can I ask you something?"
"Sure."  Victoria was covering the strudel with foil.  "Ask away."
"Why do you let Steve treat you like you are some silly child?  I know that if you said something to him he would stop.  He loves you very much."
Victoria smiled at her.  Anna wondered if she was involved with someone.  Victoria Carson was a beautiful woman, but there was a sadness in her eyes.  It was usually well hidden.  Anna doubted anyone in her family even saw it, but Anna knew it was there, and it bothered her.  She waited for Victoria's reply.
"You are one of the few people who even noticed that Steven, Mitch, and, well, some others treat me like a child. You're very perceptive."
"I can't take the credit.  Nick noticed and he told Julie and Julie told me.  I was looking for it."
"Nick," Victoria said with a smile.  "I should have known.  He always did see more than he should."  She paused a moment.  "I guess I don't say anything because it doesn't really matter to me.  I know that Steve loves me.  I know that he likes to protect me.  It is just part of his nature.  Actually, I think he wouldn't know how to act if he suddenly realized I'm all grown up."
"I think you should give him a chance," Anna said quietly.  She didn't know why she was pursuing this.  Just a few days ago, she had told Julie that she wouldn't interfere and here she was doing just that.
"I'll think about it," Victoria said, placing her arm around Anna's shoulders and giving her a hug.  "There is a little more to it than you realize, but thanks for caring, Anna.  It means a lot."
Anna returned the hug, feeling like she had made a new friend.  "You're welcome.  I'll try not to interfere anymore."
Victoria laughed.  "You didn't interfere.  Now, do you want to ride with us to the airport?"
"No," Anna said slowly, thinking about it.  "I have some work to do and I promised a client I would see her this afternoon."
"Okay.  I don't know when I will see you again but hopefully it will be soon.  I really enjoyed meeting you, Anna."  Victoria gave her another hug.
"Me, too."
"I've got to get back to my parents'.  Will you tell Steven to pick me up there?"
"Sure," Anna said, as she watched Victoria leave in a flurry.  She glanced around the kitchen and realized the counters were clean and the dishes washed.  Anna shook her head trying to understand how anyone could think that Victoria was anything but a well-organized and talented person.
She made her way back down the hallway to the guest room and quickly changed back into her own clothes.  She was just leaving the room when she heard Steven calling her name.  Walking back to the living room, she found him by his desk.
"Honey, I've got to go," he said, picking up his car keys.  "I'm sorry to leave you like this."
"Don't worry about it.  I'm on my way home to change, and then I'm going to work.  Victoria said to tell you that she was at your parents'."
"Okay, thanks."  He kissed her softly and headed out the door.  "I’ll see you later."
Anna stood in the doorway and watched him walk to the car.  Mitch ran out to join him.  He was dressed similar to the night before in his jeans and leather jacket but he had shaved.  She laughed when he stopped to pose for her.  He then threw her his mischievous grin before getting into the car.  Raising her hand, Anna watched them drive away.  She suddenly realized how right this felt.  Standing in Steven's house, being part of his life.  It all seemed right.  Maybe she could finally believe in a happily ever after.
As she started to close the door, Anna suddenly realized she didn't have a car.  She was stranded at Steven's house.  With a laugh, Anna returned inside to phone Julie.  So much for things feeling right.
#
"So, what do you think?" Victoria asked, from the seat next to him.  Steven wasn't sure what he thought.  Victoria had just announced that she was planning to move back to Holton.  It was a major decision, and as always, Steven was afraid that Victoria had not thought things out.
"I think you're nuts," Mitch said, from the back seat.  Mitch's comment did not surprise Steven.  His brother had never wanted to live in Holton and had left town as soon as he was able.  Even now, Mitch only returned when he had a specific reason.  To him, anyone who voluntarily moved to Holton was crazy.  
"I wasn't talking to you, Mitch," Victoria said.  "I'm asking Steve.  He will be a little more objective."
Steven thought about it for a moment and then answered her honestly.  "I don't know, Tori.  It is a major step.  What about your job at Whitman's?  Are you just going to walk out?"
Victoria had a great job at a very prestigious advertising agency in Los Angeles.  Steven knew she had worked hard for that position, and he didn't want her to just throw it all away.  She had always seemed to love her job.
"Of course, I won't just walk out.  I will give them adequate notice."
"But that is a really good job.  You won't find anything even near that pay in Holton," Steven reminded her.  He wasn't sure why he was trying to talk her out of moving, but for some reason, he felt he needed to present all the arguments that he was sure she had not considered.
"I will probably get a job in Dallas.  They have quite a few advertising agencies.  I have no intention of working in Holton.  I just want to live here.  Besides, Whitman's will be opening a branch in Dallas soon.  I know I could always get a job with them when that happens."
Steven shook his head.  It was just like her to leave everything up to chance.  "They won't give you a job if you quit, and think a minute, Tori, where are you going to live?  How are you going to pay your bills until you do get a job?  In this economy, it could take months."
"I'm not planning to move next week, Steve," Victoria said, with a slight edge to her voice.  "And I'm not quite as destitute as you seem to think.  I do have some savings, and I will still be drawing for Superdot Comics."
Victoria had helped pay her way through college by drawing for a comic book company.  She had quite a talent for drawing but her interest and abilities weren't suited for the traditional art world.  Victoria had often drawn caricatures when she was younger and that had led to her job at Superdot Comics.  The unusual job had been a family joke for years.  Steven knew she still worked for them part-time, but he had always thought that job was not something she could count on.
 "You are going to rely on your job at the comic book company to pay the bills?  Tori, are you sure you know what you are doing?"
Steven heard her sigh softly.  "I knew I shouldn't have asked you.  You never think I do the right thing."
Silence filled the car for a moment as Steven wondered about that comment.  What did she mean about not asking him?  They had always talked about her plans.  The only decision she had ever made, without discussing with the family, was when she graduated from high school.  She had suddenly changed her choice of college without an explanation and had never discussed it. 
Steven glanced at her now.  Had he been too harsh?  He just wanted to protect her.  Steven thought about what she had said.  He realized he was trying to talk her out of moving back to Holton when just the other day, he was thinking about how much he missed her.  He started to apologize when Mitch spoke again.
"Just tell me this, Tori.  Why on earth do you want to move back here?"
"Because its home," Victoria said softly.  There was a longing in her voice that Steven had never heard before.  He glanced at his sister again and was startled to see her staring out the window with an incredibly sad look on her face.  Steven couldn't remember the last time he had seen Victoria unhappy, but he knew he didn't like it.
He reached for her hand.  Surprised, she looked at him. Steven drove on silently for a moment and then simply said, "Then, come home."
It no longer mattered if she had a job or a place to live.  All Steven wanted was to wipe that sad look from her face and if moving back home would do it, then Steven would lend his support.  Victoria flashed him a grin and gave his hand a quick squeeze.  She turned back to Mitch who was still shaking his head.  He still wasn't convinced.
"I still think you're nuts, but do what makes you happy, kid," he said.  As always, Mitch supported her decision even if he disagreed with it.  That was something that Steven had never been able to do.  He knew that for that reason Mitch and Victoria were closer to each other in many ways than they were to him.
The rest of the drive to the airport was uneventful.  Victoria left in a whirlwind of emotion and energy.  Steven was suddenly very glad she was going to be moving home.  Life was always more enjoyable when she was around.  A little more stressful maybe but definitely more enjoyable.  He had missed her a great deal.
He and Mitch completed the return trip in companionable conversation.  They talked leisurely about Mitch's latest assignment and Steven's work.  They discussed Victoria.  Her plans to move back to Holton still worried Steven, but he wanted her to be happy.  He just wasn't sure the move was in her best interest professionally.  It appeared Mitch shared his concerns, but Mitch was more worried about Victoria's reasons, which she had left unexpressed.  As they had never been able to second-guess their sister, the conversation soon became general.  It wasn't until they had returned home that Mitch brought up the subject of Anna.
"I like Anna," Mitch said, when they had returned to the house.  They were sitting in Steven's kitchen eating a late lunch.
"I like her too," Steven said with a smile.
Mitch nodded slowly.  "She has a problem, you know."
"I know," Steven answered, not at all surprised Mitch had noticed.  His brother was very good at reading people.  He was well respected as an investigative reporter.  He had earned that respect by being resourceful and intuitive.  Mitch had spent his life watching people, and he was very good at it.
"She is worried about being half black," Steven told him. "She doesn't talk about it much but I think her mother was treated pretty poorly by her father's family, and she is afraid that the same thing will happen to her."
There was a short pause as Mitch went to the refrigerator for another coke.  When he returned, he looked out the window before turning back to Steven.  Looking his brother directly in the eyes, Mitch said, "That is not what I meant."
Alarmed at his serious tone, Steven demanded, "Then what did you mean?"
"Anna may have a problem with her race, although it didn't show last night, but her fears go far deeper than that."
"Mitch, what are you talking about?"
"I think Anna shows the signs of someone with a very unpleasant past.  An unpleasant past that has nothing to do with her race. "
Steven stared at his brother trying to comprehend what he was saying.  He didn't question Mitch's assumption.  Mitch was not the most reliable person in the world, but Steven valued his opinion when it came to understanding people.  He had always been better at reading between the lines.
One of the reasons Steven's partnership with Andrew worked so well was that Andrew also knew how to read people.  If the answer could be found on paper, Steven would find it, but when it came to dealing with humans face to face, he often fell short.
"What kind of signs?" he asked his brother now.
"Her quiet manner seems to be some sort of protective instinct.  For example, at the party, she only spoke with a select few people and never joined in a conversation in a large group.  Yet, after most of the guests left, and it was just the family, she talked quite freely and seemed very relaxed."
Steven shook his head.  "Mitch, you are making too much of this.  She is just shy."
"Maybe," Mitch responded, "but her refusal to talk about her parents, especially her father, is something to consider."
"My God, Mitch, what did you do?  Question her?"
"Of course, I questioned her," Mitch said, in an exasperated tone.  "That is what I do.  I question people.  Look, Steve, I'm not saying that Anna has some deep dark secret that needs to be exposed.  All I'm saying is that, in my opinion, there is something in her past that still haunts her, and you better deal with it."
Thoughts of Anna rushed through Steven's mind, and he decided his brother might be right.  He had known all along that something was keeping Anna from making a commitment.  He had assumed it was her race but now Steven thought it might be something far more serious.  He began to wonder exactly what her father had done to her.
Mitch rose from the table and slapped Steven on the back.  "I'm going to say goodbye to the folks and then head out.  I have to be in Washington D. C. by Monday and I have a few stops to make on the way.  I'll call you in a few days."
"Okay," Steven said, as his brother walked to the door. "Hey, thanks Mitch."
His brother raised his hand in acknowledgement as he headed out the door.  A few minutes later Steven heard Mitch's motorcycle and knew his brother was gone.  As silence descended on his house, Steven thought about all he had learned today.
Discovering that Victoria was not as happy as she had always seemed troubled Steven.  It made him wonder how much he had missed when it came to his sister.  He hoped that if she did return to Holton it would make her happy.
And then there was Anna.  If what Mitch had said was true, then Steven had a much bigger problem than he had believed.  He had to earn her trust.  He knew that would be the only way to reach her.
The next few weeks went smoothly, and Steven began to relax.  Anna showed no signs of retreating and was now quite open about their relationship so he put aside his concerns.  She had joined Steven at his parents for dinner on Monday night.  Steven was growing so confident in their relationship that he purchased an engagement ring.  Now all he needed was the right time to ask her.

Chapter 10
The firemen were long gone.  Steven stared at her a moment before stalking to the door and slamming it behind him.  Anna sank to the couch and burst into tears.  All her hopes and dreams had gone up in flames just as her carefully prepared meal had earlier.  Anna cried for all the things she had missed.  She cried for her mother, for the life her mother had known, and the influence it still had on her own.  Anna cried until there were no tears left.  She rose slowly from the couch and walked back into the kitchen.
She glanced around in disgust.  Everything was a mess. The counters and cabinets were still wet, and the roast, which was the first thing that had caught on fire, was a shriveled mass in the sink.  Her dining table was littered with debris, and the smell of stale smoke still lingered in the room.
Anna walked over to the small window and opened it letting the cool night air flow through the apartment.  She returned to the counter and began putting the dishes away.  She threw the roast into the trash then she grabbed several towels and started wiping up the water, all the while trying to keep her tears at bay.  She let her mind drift back to earlier events.
It had started out as a perfect day.  She and Steven had been getting along very well.  Her friendships with Julie and Rachel were growing deeper with each passing day, and she was beginning to feel like she was part of the community.  Anna had decided to repay all the kindness from her friends by having her first dinner party.
It was the second weekend in March and the weather was beautiful.  The sun had been shining, and there was no hint of rain.  Anna had risen early to clean the apartment and plan her meal.  Everything had gone perfectly until her guests arrived.  
Steven was the first to arrive, and he brought a wonderful red wine that would go beautifully with the roast.  "I thought this might help settle your nerves," he said, with a smile.
Anna laughed.  She had been nervous all week, and Steven had teased her about it.  She knew she was over-reacting, but she wanted it to be a perfect evening.
"What can I do to help?" Steven asked, and Anna put him to work making the salad.  They worked side by side in quiet conversation and Anna began to relax.  
Julie and Nick were the next to arrive followed closely by Andrew and then Rachel.  They all gathered in the living room and the conversation flowed.  All her guests were comfortable with each other and they enjoyed being together.
As Anna went to check on the meat, she noticed a slight burning smell.  Rushing into the kitchen, she opened the oven just in time to see the roast go up in flames.  Reacting instinctively, Anna reached for a nearby towel and pulled the pan from the oven.  Dumping the meat into the sink, she then threw the towel onto the windowsill to her left and the pan onto the floor.  The beef was still on fire, so she quickly turned on the water to put out the flames.
All the commotion brought the others into the room.  Anna turned to see their shocked faces as they stared at her.  Trying to stay calm, she manufactured a smile in spite of the fear pounding through her.  It was her worst nightmare.  Mentally, she was replaying the fire that killed her father, when Rachel pointed behind her and shouted, "Anna, be careful."
Anna turned to see the towel she had used to pull the pan from the oven had also caught on fire.  It had spread to the curtains above the windowsill.  In shock, Anna was unable to move.  She stood staring at the flames as they continued to spread.  The smoke was now strong enough to set off the smoke alarm, and the noise was deafening.  
"Anna," Steven called, as he rushed over to her.  Pulling her to the side, he yelled over the clamor, "Anna, where is your fire extinguisher?"
Still in shock, Anna was only able to point to the pantry.  She watched, still unable to move, as Steven charged over to the pantry and pulled the extinguisher from inside.  Andrew had also entered the kitchen and was busily trying to beat out the fire with a wet towel.  The fire was spreading quickly, and Anna felt someone behind her pulling her from the room.  She turned to see Nick and Julie pushing her into the living room.  She tried to resist, but her legs would no longer hold her, so Anna sank into the nearest chair.  In the distance, she heard the wailing of a fire engine.
"It's okay, Anna."  She felt Rachel's arm slip around her shoulder.  "The fire department is on the way.  Nick called 911.  They will put it out.  Just try to relax."
It was then that Anna realized she was shaking.  Unable to stop, she rose quickly from the chair and walked back toward the kitchen.  She felt Rachel grab her from behind.  "No, Anna, wait."
There was suddenly a pounding on the door, and Rachel had to let her go long enough to answer it.  Anna replayed the events of her youth.  Her father yelling at her, telling her she was reckless and irresponsible, before rushing back into the house.  Anna had tried to stop him, but he had been so intoxicated that he had thought he was invincible.  They later told her it wasn't her fault.  There was no way that she had been the cause of the fire, but Anna had never been able to rid herself of the guilt.
The firefighters hurried into the kitchen and Steven and Andrew quickly moved out of the way.  It took only a few minutes to get the fire under control and soon everything was settled.  They asked Anna a few questions, which she answered as best she could.  One of them checked the oven and found a faulty wire.
Anna was relieved to know that she was not at fault, but she couldn't help the fear that still gripped her.  The firefighters left soon after and Nick offered to go get them all some food while the others began to start cleaning up Anna's kitchen.  This finally snapped Anna out of her trance.
"Thanks, Nick" she said, with a tight smile, "but don't bother.  Look, everyone, don't worry about the kitchen.  It's been a long evening.  Why don't we call it a night?  I will clean things up later."
"Don't be silly, Anna," Julie said.  "We can all help, and it will only take a few minutes."
"No!" Anna snapped.  "Just leave it!"
"We can have this place cleaned up in no time, Anna," Andrew stated, supporting his sister.  "Don't worry, we'll have everything back to normal in a jiffy."
"I said I didn't want your help," Anna yelled.  Her fear had made her angry.  She couldn't control the words.
No one said a word.  They all just watched her silently.  Knowing she had been rude, Anna tried to smile.  "Please, just leave it."
Some of her desperation must have come through in her voice because her friends left soon afterwards.  Steven had stayed behind, and Anna suddenly realized he had not said a word to her since the fire had started.  Looking at him now, Anna knew he was angry.  Unsure why and not knowing what to say to him, she walked over to the couch and sat down.
"What is the matter with you?" he demanded.  "They were only trying to help."
"I don't need their help," Anna snapped again.  She knew she was behaving badly, but she couldn't seem to stop herself.  She was so angry with herself and desperately wanted to be alone.  She needed to think, needed to reassure herself that it wasn't her fault.
Steven stalked over to her.  "Maybe they needed to help you.  Did you ever think of that?  Good grief, Anna, those people are your friends."
"I know that."
"Then, what is the problem?  You are acting strange."
"I'm not acting strange.  I just want to be alone."
He looked at her in disbelief.  "You want to be alone? You practically burn down the place, and now, you just want to be alone?  What about me?  What about your friends?"
Anna had turned pale at his words.  They tore at her heart and she whispered, "You think I did this on purpose?"
"Of course not," Steven said impatiently.
"You don't think it was my fault?"
"No, it wasn't your fault.  Although," he continued after a pause, "did you ever get that oven checked?"
"No," she mumbled.
"Anna, why not?  You knew something was wrong with it.  I thought you were more responsible than that."
The words, so like the ones she had heard before, triggered her anger.  She jumped from the couch and shouted, "Don't yell at me!  Just get out!  I don't want to see you anymore."
Turning to walk away from him, Anna was shocked when he grabbed her from behind.  He turned her around to face him, and Anna shivered at the anger in his eyes.
"What the hell is the matter with you?" he asked, through gritted teeth. 
Fear raced through Anna.  It was suddenly too much for her to handle.  She tried to pull away but Steven wouldn't let her go.  He started to shake her when she panicked.  She closed her eyes and whispered, "Don't hit me, please, don't hit me."
She was immediately released.  She opened her eyes to see Steven staring at her in shock.  The anger was still in his eyes, but he was watching her with an appalled look on his face.
"Hit you?" he questioned in disbelief.  "Why would you ever think that I would hit you?"
"My father..." Anna began before she realized what she was saying.  She had never told anyone about her father.  She had read all the books and knew that her father's problem had nothing to do with her, but like many children from abusive homes, she was unable to completely dispel the guilt.
A light dawned in Steven's eyes.  "Your father beat you?"
"Not me," Anna said quickly.  "My mother."
The anger returned to his face, and Anna took a step back.  Shaking his head, he began pacing the room.  She watched him for several minutes until he stopped and looked at her.
"How dare you," he said, the anger lacing his voice.  "How dare you compare me to him!  I would never hurt you.  Don't you know that?  Don't you know how much I love you?"
Anna just stared at him.  What could she say?  She had been afraid he was going to hurt her.  He waited for her to say something, but Anna did not know what to say.  She stood silently, knowing she was destroying everything she had ever hoped for, but unable to do anything else.
"Anna, do you really think I would hit you?" he finally asked, breaking the silence.  Anna turned to see him staring at her.  She did not say a word.  "You actually think I would."
Steven shook his head again and then said to her, "How long have you thought this?  Is it just me or do you think everyone is going to hurt you?"
Anna couldn't answer him.  She looked at the floor and refused to meet his eyes.
"Anna, do you trust me?"
She looked at him then.  Looking into his eyes, she wanted to shout yes but years of fear kept her from speaking.  The silence grew tearing them further apart.
"When you decide on an answer, let me know."  He turned and started to walk away.
Anna's heart protested and a sound came from her mouth but she could not speak.  Steven turned and stared at her a moment before stalking to the door and slamming it behind him.
Anna thoughts returned to the present as she finished wiping the countertops.  She looked around the kitchen and knew she had done all she could for the moment.  Making a mental note to replace the ruined curtains with less flammable mini blinds, Anna left the kitchen.  With a heavy heart, she walked slowly into the bedroom.  It was going to be a long night.  She felt the tears forming in her eyes as she collapsed onto the bed.
#
His rage carried him out of the door, down the stairs, and past his car.  Steven walked without any conscious thought of where he was going.  He was so angry he concentrated on simply putting one foot in front of the other.  He walked for about twenty minutes before he felt his anger begin to cool.
He found himself in front of his parents' home.  Steven stood staring at the house that had been his home for eighteen years.  He thought about all the love that he had known in that house.  Slowly, the anger faded, and he was left with a deep feeling of sadness.
Anna had never known that kind of love.  She didn't have the security of two parents who loved her and loved each other.  She did not have the example of a happy marriage that Steven had taken for granted.
The light was on in his father's workshop and Steven stared at it.  Dan often spent a few hours in the shop making furniture.  He was a carpenter by trade and most of his work was on houses or business buildings, but Dan's true love was in shaping the wood into beautiful pieces of furniture.  He often sold his pieces, and the extra money had come in handy when Steven and his siblings were younger.
Slowly, Steven walked toward the shop.  Unconsciously, he had walked here.  It was the one place that he knew he would always be welcome.  Walking up the sidewalk, Steven wondered if he would find the answers he needed.
Dan was in the shop.  His back to the door, he was bent over the large table that lined the longest wall of the building.  Steven could tell he was working on the handle of a chair.  He stood in the doorway watching silently debating about disturbing his father.
He was startled when his father suddenly spoke, "Are you just going to stand there or are you going to come in?"
In spite of his mood, Steven had to smile.  Dan was not a man to mince words.  Steven moved into the room and glanced around.  He hadn't been in the shop in a while and was surprised to see there were several changes.  There was new paneling on the walls and several new tools including a brand new floor saw that took up most of one corner.
Dan had turned around and was watching him.  "I am going to retire from construction and work solely on building furniture."
Blinking in surprise, Steven walked farther into the room.  It was something his father had often talked about but had never done.  It appeared this time he was actually going to do it.  He knew his parents were financially secure and was pleased that Dan was now getting the chance to fulfill his dream.
"That's great, Dad," he said.  "I know it is something you have always wanted to do."
 Dan nodded.  "You kids are settled now.  I no longer need to worry about money so your mother and I decided it was time."
"You should have done it years ago, Dad.  We would have been alright."
"Maybe," Dan said slowly, "but it's hard to acknowledge that your children are all grown up and no longer need your help."
Steven smiled at that statement.  Considering he had come to his parents for advice now, he wasn't so sure he was all grown up, and he certainly needed his father’s help.  Strolling around the shop, Steven thought about how much his parents had sacrificed for him and his brother and sister.  After hearing Anna's story, he realized he had been very lucky.  He looked at his father with new eyes.
Dan simply watched him.  Taking a deep breath, Steven said, "I guess, you're wondering why I'm here."
"Not really," Dan replied.  "Something happened between you and Anna."
 Laughing softly, Steven walked over to a bench that lined the other wall and sat down.  "I guess you could say that."
"Do you want to talk about it?"
"She's afraid of me, Dad.  Physically afraid of me."
Steven saw the surprise on his father's face and nodded once.  He was having trouble believing it too.  "I know, Dad.  I was shocked too.  I don't know how to fight something like that.  How do you convince someone that they have no reason to fear you?"
Dan laid down the wood he had been holding and walked over to join Steven on the bench.  "How did you find out?  I mean, what happened to make you think she is afraid of you?"
"We were arguing.  I grabbed her arms and pulled her toward me.  I was angry, I admit that, but I would have never hurt her.  Suddenly, she paled and practically begged me not to hit her.  I was shocked."
"There has to be a reason for her fear, Steve."
Steven paused a moment.  Anna had refused to talk about her father and he now knew why, but would she consider it a breach of confidence if he told Dan?  He looked at his father and knew he had no choice.  Steven needed some answers, and he didn't know where else to turn.
"Her father used to beat her mother," he said slowly.  "Anna said he didn't beat her but I am not sure about that.  Either way, you know she had to be affected."
"Very affected," Dan muttered, as he quickly rose from the bench and walked back to the table.  He turned to look at his son and then his eyes moved to the window.  Steven knew that look, so he waited patiently for his father to speak.
"I'm going to tell you something, Steve.  Something I hoped I would never have to tell any of my children."
Steven's eyes widened at his father's words.  Dan walked back to the bench and sat down again.  "You know that my father died when I was thirteen.  You have heard that story many times.  What you don't know is that I was glad he died."
Suddenly knowing what his father was going to tell him, Steven's heart began to pound.  Could this wonderful, gentle man have really been the victim of abuse?
Dan nodded.  "You guessed already.  He used to beat me and my brothers and sisters and, of course, my mother.  By the time he died, I had begun to fight back.  I was a big boy, and there was a lot of anger in me.  The day he died I had taken a pretty good swing at him, and he had left the house with a swollen lip.  When we heard he was dead, I worried that I had killed him, but it was a heart attack."
There was a long silence as Steven absorbed his father's words.  He thought about all the years of his youth.  His father had been angry at him and Mitch so many times, but not once had he ever raise a hand to them.  His respect for his father grew.  Steven was very proud to be his son.  He started to tell him when Dan spoke again.
"When I met you mother, there was a lot of anger still left in me.  Abuse is not something you forget.  At first, I was afraid I would hurt her like my father hurt my mother but Patricia knew better.  She trusted me even when I didn't trust myself.  Your problem is the opposite.  Anna is afraid to trust you because of her father."
"So what do I do?" Steven asked.
"You have to convince her that you are not her father."
"And how do I do that?"
"I have no idea," Dan said with humor tracing his voice.
Laughing, Steven replied, "Thanks a lot, Dad."
"You'll think of something, son.  You always do.  Just remember, Anna is operating under a completely different set of rules.  She will never forget what her father did, but she needs to learn to live with it."
Steven rose from the bench and wished his father a good night.  He slowly made his way back to Anna's apartment and his car.  He thought about what his father had said and tried to think of some way to convince Anna to trust him.  He drove home searching for the answer.
When he arrived home, he checked his phone.  He had turned it off earlier when speaking with his father.  There were two messages.  The first was from Victoria.  She said to call her as soon as he could, no matter how late.  The second message was from Anna.
"Steve, it's Anna."  Steven could hear the tears in her voice and his heart went out to her.  "I'm sorry about tonight.  I know you think I was behaving strangely and I guess, maybe, I was.  It's not that I don't trust you – not really, it's just, well, forget it.  Look, things are just not going to work out between us.  I'm sorry, Steve, I really am."
He heard the words and knew she meant them.  Her fear was greater than her feelings for him and that was something Steven could not fight.  Disheartened, he picked up the phone to call his sister.  She answered on the first ring, and despite his misery, he had to smile at her happy voice.  Victoria could always make him smile.
"Hey, sis, what's up?" he asked her.
"Oh, Steve, guess what?  Whitman's has finalized their plans to open a branch in Dallas.  My supervisor told me that if I could wait until the fall, they would transfer me to the Dallas branch as soon as it opened."
"That's great, Tori.  Do they have a set date in mind?"   Steven was thrilled for his sister.  He felt much better about her move knowing she had a job.
"They have already started working on the negotiations for the lease.  The only problem is the current tenant will probably not leave until the end of August.  Unfortunately, that means we can't start moving in until September.  I don't think I will be able to move before sometime in October."
As it was only March, Steven knew how disappointed she had to be.  Victoria was not the most patient person in the world.  "I know it's hard to wait, Tori, but it's for the best."
"I know that, Steve.  I am just glad things are beginning to fall into place."
"Me, too."
There was a laugh at the other end of the line.  "Are you sure you can handle me being around all the time, Steve?  I know I drive you crazy."
A grin split his face at her words.  "I think you do it on purpose, but it doesn't matter, it will add a little spice to my life."
"I thought Anna was doing that," Victoria said quickly.
The pain that rushed through him was so strong that he was unable to answer.  His sister immediately sensed something was wrong.
"Steve?" she asked.  "What is it?"
"Nothing, Tori," he replied.  Victoria had really liked Anna, and she was so happy now that Steven did not want to give her any bad news.  His protective instinct would simply not allow him to make his sister unhappy.
There was a long pause before she said softly, "I know you worry a lot about me, Steve, but what you probably don't know is I worry about you.  I know we don't really talk about feelings or emotions, but I will always be here if you need me, bro."
"Have you ever been physically afraid of a man, Tori?"
Steven had to give his sister credit.  There was only a short pause in the conversation as she digested his question.
"Once," she replied.
"Tell me about it."
"When I was in college, there was this guy who kept asking me out.  I wasn't interested but he wouldn't take no for an answer.  Finally, I told Jack, the guy I was dating at the time.  Well, Jack said he would take care of it.  When I saw Jack later, he was furious.  He was a large man and physically intimidating.  I had never seen anyone so angry.  He was pacing the room and he turned his anger on me.  He really frightened me."
"What happened?" Steven asked, wondering why his sister had never told him this before.
"He realized I was frightened and he backed off.  He wasn't really angry with me.  I was just a convenient target.  Later we talked about it, and Jack told me that he would never have hurt me."
"Did you believe him?"
"Yes, I did but only because I trusted him."
Trust, thought Steven.  It always came back to trust.  "Why did you trust him, Tori?"
"Oh that's simple, Steve.  Jack left it up to me."
"I don't understand."
"Jack knew I was afraid of him.  He told me that he really liked me, and that he wanted to be with me, but that what I wanted was more important.  He said that if I didn't feel safe with him, then I shouldn't be around him.  When I realized this twenty year old guy, who had a reputation to uphold, was really more concerned about my feelings than his reputation, well, that put everything into perspective."
Steven thought about it a minute.  "So you were no longer afraid of him?  Just like that?"
"Well, not just like that.  Jack knew he would never hurt me, but that didn't matter at all.  He also knew that I had to know that he would never hurt me, and he couldn't make me not fear him.  Once I understood that, the fear went away.  Once I realized Jack was willing to let me go to make me feel safe, then I knew I had nothing to fear.  But Jack was smart enough to know that it had to be my choice."
Was that what Anna needed?  Steven asked himself.  It seemed so easy and yet so hard, but Victoria was right.  The decision had to be Anna’s.  Steven had to let her go to see if she would ever come back.

Chapter 11
The following morning Anna woke with a pounding headache.  Her eyes were gritty and her throat raw.  She rose slowly and made her way to the bathroom.  After she washed her face and brushed her teeth, she felt a little better, but one look in the mirror told her that her crying jag had taken its toll.  Her eyes were swollen and red, and her face was blotchy.
She made her way into the kitchen and started the coffee.  The room was almost back to normal.  The cabinets and counter tops were now dry.  She had taken down what was left of the curtains and had thrown them away along with the burnt towel.  The black streaks on the walls from the smoke were now the only reminder of the fire.
When the coffee was ready, she poured herself a cup and sat at the table.  Her mind replayed the previous evening's events over and over.  Her anger had been directed at herself, but she had been unable to keep from lashing out at the others.  Steven had been right.  They were her friends.  They had only wanted to help her, and she had rejected them.  She owed them all an apology and perhaps an explanation.
The sound of someone knocking pulled her from the chair.  Opening the door, she was not at all surprised to see Steven standing on the step.  She had known that last night's phone call would not satisfy him.  He would want to talk.  Anna knew she owed him that much, but she had hoped to have a little more time.  She wasn't ready to analyze her feelings.
Stepping back, she opened the door wider, and he walked into the room.  He did not say a word, and Anna closed the door quickly.  He was dressed in a suit with her favorite tie.  This one was blue with tiny faces all over it.  The color was a very soft blue but the faces were comical.  Anna always enjoyed looking at it, but it brought her no pleasure today.  As it was Sunday, she assumed he was going to church.  She glanced at the clock and noted he had only twenty minutes.
Steven followed her glance and nodded once.  "I won't stay long.  There is just something I have to say to you."
Anna wasn't sure she liked the sound of that but she offered him a seat, which he refused.  She walked farther into the room and waited.
"Anna," he began, "I love you and I want to marry you.  I have done everything in my power to convince you that we belong together.  It is now up to you."
The words struck her heart.  She had dreamed about this moment.  As a little girl, she had always hoped that a handsome man would one day sweep her off her feet.  Steven fit her image of a prince charming, but now he had finally given up.  She was suddenly more frightened than she had ever been before.  Steven was putting the decision into her hands, and she had to decide what she wanted.
"I can promise you that I will never hurt you, but it will not do you any good unless you learn to trust me."  Steven turned to walk to the door.  "I can't make you believe in me.  You have to take that step.  I can't take anymore.  I won't try to see you again but try to remember that I love you.  If you ever want that love and you learn to believe in us, you know where to find me."
The door closed quietly behind him.  The pain was so intense that it forced Anna down onto the couch.  She wrapped her arms around her sides and began rocking back and forth but there were no tears.  Then blissfully, a numbness settled over her.  She was grateful that she couldn't feel anything.  Her mind was blank, and she sealed up her heart.
She spent the rest of the day in a controlled frenzy.  She cleaned every inch of her apartment, ironed all her clothes, and worked on some of her accounts.  She did everything she could to keep her thoughts at bay.  She wasn't ready to think about what Steven had said.  In her mind, she had known this day would come, but it was harder to accept than she had thought it would be.
The following week was one of the longest in her life.  She was functioning on one level, while her heart and emotions were sealed up safely inside her, but every night she dreamed.  The nightmare was back.  It was the same except this time her father had been replaced by Steven.  She would wake drenched in sweat as she fought with the fear.
Julie continued to join her for their morning coffee break as if nothing unusual had happened, and Rachel met her for lunch.  Anna was thankful for their friendships, and she was able to deliver her apology without any awkwardness.  She explained as best she could without talking about her father.  She still could not bring herself to confide in them even though they had been victims of her anger.  
On the surface, everything was normal.  Her business was booming and she had been asked to serve on the city council.  No one mentioned Steven, and Anna did not see or hear from him.  She was not really surprised.  He had made his position very plain, and now Anna knew that the next move had to be hers.  She just didn’t think she could make it.
She did run into Patricia Carson at the grocery store.  It was a difficult meeting for Anna, but Patricia simply asked how she was and never once mentioned Steven.  Unfortunately, the rest of the town was not so sensitive.  Everywhere she went people questioned her about the fire and asked about Steven.  Soon it was all over town that they were no longer dating.
On Friday, she was having lunch at Mabel's when the owner approached her.  Mrs. Dorman had been out of town for several days, and Anna had missed seeing her.  She was a friendly person and always had a smile for everyone.  As Anna was having an early lunch, the bakery was nearly deserted.  Mrs. Dorman joined her at her table.
"Anna, dear, I just heard about the fire at your place.  I hope no one was hurt?"
Try as she might, Anna could not keep the resentment from her face.  The fire had been the talk of the town, and once again, Anna had found herself in the middle of all the gossip.  She had fought off all the questions.  So far, she had managed to keep her temper in check, but it was getting harder day-by-day.
She looked at Mrs. Dorman, ready to cut her short, when she suddenly noticed her eyes.  Yes, there was curiosity there, but there was also something else.  Anna realized it was genuine concern.  Mrs. Dorman might enjoy talking, and she wanted to know everything that was going on but she also cared.  For the first time, Anna began to understand what Steven had meant about this town always being there to help.
No longer worried about the gossip, she gave Mrs. Dorman a bright smile.  "No, no one was hurt.  Actually, the fire wasn't too bad until I panicked."
"Well, I'm sure I would have panicked too, if I had opened my oven, and found it on fire."  She reached over and patted Anna's hand.  "I'm just glad no one was hurt.  Enjoy your lunch."
Anna watched her go with a smile.  It was a nice feeling knowing that someone was concerned.  It helped soothe some of the hurt Anna was now feeling.  The numbness was beginning to wear off, and the pain was growing stronger.
She returned to work and finished the day.  Her work was the one thing that had kept her from falling apart.  It was the middle of tax season, and Anna had very little time to miss Steven, but she did.  She longed to see him but knew she couldn't approach him until she had made a decision about her future.  It simply wasn't fair to him.  Unfortunately, she wanted his advice.  She needed to discuss the love of her life with her best friend but Steven was now both.
It was a long and lonely weekend.  There was no longer any sign of the fire that had wreaked her life.  The apartment complex had replaced her oven and repainted the walls so that the black streaks from the smoke no longer showed.  Anna had purchased mini blinds for the window and had even managed to hang them herself.  She had brought home a lot of her work, but even so, she spent most of the weekend thinking about Steven.
Monday morning brought an unexpected cold front, and the temperature dropped drastically.  Anna worked steadily through the morning and into the afternoon when she was interrupted by a visit from Andrew.
Andrew was still something of a mystery to Anna.  He was an articulate and charming man but reserved.  He was conservative in his dress and in his opinions.  Anna had heard that he was planning on a career in politics, and she thought he would make an excellent government leader.  Yet, in spite of all this, Anna still felt as if she did not know the man.
When he walked in, Anna was surprised but pleased to see him.  She liked Andrew.  As she had not spoken to him since the fire, she wanted to apologize for her behavior.  He didn't say a word but walked to the chair opposite her desk and sat down.  His piercing green eyes studied her, and Anna instantly knew this was no social visit.
"What the hell have you done to Steven?" he asked, in a tightly controlled voice.
Immediately, she grew defensive.  "I haven't done anything to Steven."
"Oh yes, you have."  Andrew laughed without humor.  "He is miserable and I want to know what you intend to do about it."
Anna stared at him in amazement.  Of all the people she and Steven knew, she had never expected Andrew to confront her.  He had never once asked her any type of personal question.  He had always kept his distance, respecting Anna's privacy.  His success in the courtroom and public arena still amazed her.  The private Andrew seemed so different, but the public Andrew knew how to get the job done.  Anna waited too long to answer and he grew impatient.
"Damn it, Anna, don't you care for him at all?"
"Of course, I care for him," Anna shrieked, as she jumped from her chair.  She could no longer remain calm.  Her emotions were running high, and Anna knew it would not take much to make her break down and cry.  She walked quickly over to the huge window and looked out onto the street.  There was silence in the room.  Anna turned slowly back to Andrew.
"I love him," she whispered out loud for the first time, shocked that it was Andrew she told, but somehow it just seemed right.
Andrew's shoulders relaxed, and he took a deep breath.  "So why don't you tell him that?"
"It's not that simple, Andrew."
"Love is never simple," he replied.  "If it was, it wouldn't be worth as much."
Again, Andrew had surprised her.  For the first time, she wondered what his wife had been like.  There was a lingering sadness in his eyes that she knew had not always been there.  Anna walked back across the room and leaned against the desk.
"I'm scared," she told him.
Andrew rose from his chair and took her hand.  "We're all afraid of something, Anna.  The trick is to not face the fear alone.  That is when it is the hardest.  I have known Steven since we were ten years old, and I can tell you, I have never seen him so unhappy.  If you love him, then you can't leave him like that."
He leaned forward and kissed her on the check.  "Think about it, Anna.  You can stop his pain."
She buried her face in her hands as Andrew walked to the door.  She did not hear him leave.  "What have I done?" she asked herself out loud.  The one man she had truly loved, she had hurt.  She could picture him in her mind as she had last seen him.  Walking away from her had torn him apart.  The misery had been there on his face.
"If you ever want that love and you learn to believe in us, you know where to find me."  Those had been his last words to her, and they now echoed in her mind.  Suddenly, Anna straightened, and a smile crossed her face.  Everything was now perfectly clear.  Steven had been right.  It was up to her.  All she had to do was believe.
Could it be that simple?  She thought about what her mother had always told her.  Love is a gift you give to another person.  You have no control over what they do with it.  Her mother had taught her to treat love as something special, and Anna was ashamed that she had treated Steven's love so badly.  It was her turn to make amends.  As Steven had said, it was now up to her.
Anna rushed to the door and quickly locked up her office.  She had work to do.  She had to find a way to convince Steven that she loved him.
#
The new batteries for the remote control worked perfectly.  Steven flipped through each and every channel on his television.  He would stop briefly to watch a show, but nothing held his attention for long.  He had the latest best seller sitting on his coffee table, but he didn't pick it up.  Two weeks ago he couldn't wait to read it, but now he was no longer interested.  There was work sitting on his desk, several briefs that needed polishing, but Steven could not find the energy.
The Monday night ritual with his parents was off this week as Dan and Patricia had gone to California to visit Victoria.  Steven was glad as he knew he was poor company.  Julie had invited him to have dinner with them, but he had refused.  She had enough to deal with putting up with him at work.  Although she had not yet said anything to him about his attitude, she and Andrew had been tiptoeing around the office.  He had snapped at them so many times they were afraid to even speak to him.  His behavior was inexcusable, but his friends had understood.
He was miserable, and nothing could distract him.  He thought about Anna constantly, and even though he knew he had made the right decision, he had to force himself not to call her.  He needed to see her, so he had started going to the bank that was directly across from her office every day, right before lunch, just to catch a glimpse of her leaving her office.
After a week without her, he had started to grow angry.  If she had so little respect for his love, then she didn't deserve it.  Steven knew the anger wouldn't last.  It was just a defense mechanism to stop the pain.
He stopped the television on the local sports channel and tried to get interested in a tennis match, but his mind soon wandered.  He tried to think about work.  The case against Cofax Chemicals had finally gone to trial.  Andrew had been brilliant, and they had won a hefty settlement for their clients.  It was rewarding to know he helped someone, but it was not enough to satisfy the need inside him.
What is she doing?  He thought to himself as his mind went back to Anna.  Julie had told him that she seemed okay.  He knew that her apartment had been fixed, and he no longer worried about her oven.  His mother had seen her at the store and told him that she appeared to be fine, but Steven couldn't rid himself of the fear that she was in danger.  He knew it was unreasonable, but it didn't change the way he felt.
The doorbell interrupted his thoughts.  He tossed the remote onto the table and went to answer the door.  Michael Peters, a local high school student, was standing at the door.  He gave Steven a grin and then handed him a large bouquet of flowers before walking away.
Mindlessly, he closed the door and walked back into the living room.  He had never received flowers before.  There was no card, but Steven knew they were from Anna.  The lilies were the exact same kind he had given her on their first date.  His heart began to pound as hope began flooding through him.  Steven searched his kitchen for some type of vase, all the while trying to determine what the flowers could mean.  He finally found a large jar, which he filled with water, and deposited the bouquet in just as the doorbell rang again.
Steven rushed to the door hoping it was Anna.   It wasn't Anna.  Instead, it was the owners of The King's Court.  Jeff and Margaret Ross had their hands full, and Steven caught a whiff of beef stroganoff.  His mouth started to water and for the first time in days, he realized he was hungry.
"Evening, Steve," Jeff said, as he walked through the doorway followed closely by Margaret.  "We'll just set this up in the kitchen, alright?"
"Sure," Steven replied, as he followed them into the kitchen.  Things were beginning to get quite interesting.  Steven's mood was changing rapidly, and he was beginning to really enjoy the evening.  The smells from their bags were growing stronger, and Steven's stomach began to growl.
"Don't worry, Steve, we will take care of everything," Margaret told him, which he took as a hint to leave the room.  He did so walking slowly back toward the living room when the doorbell rang again.
Grinning, Steven answered it.  Michael had returned.  This time he was holding a large silver bucket, which contained a bottle of champagne.  The look on the boy's face was comical, and Steven couldn't help laughing out loud.
"My brother went all the way to Dallas for this," Michael told him as he handed over the wine.  "I sure hope it was worth the trip."
Jeff and Margaret had finished in the kitchen, and they followed Michael out the door.  Steven stood by with the champagne in his arms and watched them leave.
"Everything is all set, Steve," Margaret told him.  "Have a great evening."
"Thanks," Steven said, as he closed the door.  He carried the champagne back into the living room and sat down on the couch.  Finally, Anna had made her decision.  Steven grinned as he leaned back on the couch to wait for her.  His smile faded a little as he thought about her problems.  He hoped that all of tonight’s arrangements meant that she trusted him, but he knew they had a long hard battle ahead of them.
The doorbell rang again, and Steven rose to answer it.  She was standing there dressed all in blue.  She was wearing the navy dress that so molded her body and flattered her small waist.  Her face was carefully made up, and every hair was in place.  She was beautiful.  Steven stood a moment and just drank in the sight of her.  He looked into her eyes and saw the sadness and the fear.  He wanted to pull her into his arms and hold her close but knew the time was still not right.
Slowly he smiled at her and watched as the sadness and fear faded.  He stretched out a hand, and she placed hers into it.  He felt her tremble as he pulled her across the threshold.
"Hi," she said breathlessly.  He could tell she was nervous as she fiddled with the button on her dress.
"Hello," he answered softly.  "Would you like to go into the living room?"
Anna nodded once and hurried into the other room.  Steven followed her and then offered her a seat.  She refused and instead began pacing the floor.  Steven watched a minute before he calmly walked over to the couch and sat down.  Anna continued to pace but glanced at him from time to time.  Steven waited.  He had waited this long.  He could wait a few more minutes.
She stopped pacing and turned toward him.  Steven could tell she was trying to find the words.  Her hands were clasped in front of her, and her eyes were worried.  Finally, she spoke.
"I need to tell you about my father."
"Okay."
"As you guessed, he beat my mother," she began softly, as she resumed pacing.  "It was never so bad that she had to be hospitalized or even go to the doctor, but it was bad enough.  People knew.  I really don't know why but for some reason, he only hit me once.  The night he died. "
Steven's eyes never left her face.  He could tell she was suffering and wondered if it was worth it.  He wanted to know about her past but not at the cost of her pain.  "Anna, you don't have to tell me anything else.  You can st..."   
"No!"  She gave him a tight smile.  "You need to know, and I need to tell you."
Anna walked over to the chair opposite him and sat down.  "Steve, I adored my father until I was about seven.  We spent a lot of time together when I was young.  It wasn't until after my grandfather died that things went wrong.  My dad started drinking and didn't stop.  The gossip about my parents started circulating around town.  By that time, I was in school, and I heard it all."
She took a deep breath and rose from the chair again.  "Well, after that we grew apart.  My father's drinking got worse, and he started yelling at me whenever any little thing went wrong.  I learned to be quiet, controlled, and organized.  The littlest things would set him off."
She looked at him, and Steven wondered what she was thinking.  "I'm telling you this because of the fire.  I know you think I went a little crazy, but there was a reason.  My father died in a fire."
Anna went on to tell Steven all about the night of her father's death, and Steven's heart went out to her.  He could now understand some of her fears.  He knew how hard it must have been for her to deal with her childhood and her feelings of guilt.
"I finally realized today," Anna said, "that I was allowing all my fears to control my life.  I know I have a lot of work to do, but I want to try to overcome those fears.  I need your help, Steve."
Steven closed his eyes.  Finally, she had asked, but it still wasn't enough.  He wanted to know.  He needed to know.  "Do you love me, Anna?"
There was no sound and Steven slowly opened his eyes to stare at her face.  She was watching him with tears in her soft brown eyes.  Then, she nodded once.
"Say it," he pleaded in a whisper.
"I love you, Steven," she said, tears rolling down her face.  "I love you with all my heart."
He was out of his seat in a shot, and he pulled her into his arms.  His hungry mouth covered hers in a long, urgent kiss.  Anna's arms slid around his neck to pull him closer.  Steven buried his face in her neck before planting little kisses across her face and returning to her lips.  They kissed deeply and then he pulled back and cupped her face.
"I love you, Anna," he said.
"Will you help me Steve?"
"On one condition," he replied with a smile.
"What?" she asked skeptically.
"That you marry me."  He waited on baited breath as her eyes began to glow.
"Well, okay," she replied with a grin.  "You convinced me."

Epilogue
The church was packed, and Anna stood nervously at the back waiting for her cue.  She glanced through the open doorway and saw that most of the town was present.  She could see Mr. Brockman and his wife along with Mr. and Mrs. Dorman.  Tim Moreno was even present.  It was a good feeling and helped calm her nerves.
The music started, and Anna looked at Rachel who flashed her a smile before heading down the aisle.  Dressed in the soft green bridesmaid gown, she looked quite pretty.  Both she and Julie had been delighted to be her attendants.
Julie was next and gave Anna a quick kiss before following Rachel.  Anna watched her with concern.  Julie had her baby just three weeks before, and Anna hoped the wedding wouldn't be too tiring for her.  Julie had assured her she was fine, and baby John was happily sleeping in his father's arms in one of the front pews.
Anna's eyes followed her progress before landing on Steven's family.  Patricia and Phyllis sat on the front row with Andrew's children between them.  Victoria was on the other end in an incredible dress.  It was a very unusual shade of purple.  Her hair was pulled away from her face, and she looked wonderful.
Victoria had handled most of the wedding preparations.  Anna didn't know what she would have done without her assistance, although she did have to tone down most of Victoria's suggestions.  Steven and Anna had not wanted to wait long before getting married but still wanted a traditional wedding, which often took months to plan.  That was not a problem for Victoria.  She had the whole wedding planned and organized in less than six weeks.  Anna was really glad that her soon to be sister-in-law was moving back to Holton.
Standing at the front of the church, Mitch and Andrew presented a handsome front.  Mitch, on time for once, looked quite respectable in his tux.  He had even shaved.  Andrew looked like a man who was quite comfortable in formal clothes.  He smiled at Julie as she joined them.
Her eyes finally rested on Steven as he turned to see her standing in the doorway.  He gave her one of his slow, gentle smiles, and Anna responded as she started down the aisle on the arm of Dan Carson.  Steven's father had offered to escort her, and Anna had happily agreed.  She already considered Dan and Patricia her family.
Anna's smile widen into a grin when she noticed Steven's tie.  He had ordered the tuxes, and Anna had assumed the ties would be supplied, but she had forgotten about Victoria.  Looking at Steven now, Anna was glad she had not asked about the men's suits.
The tie was the perfect bow and made of excellent material.  It was even the exact shade of the bridesmaid's dresses.  It also had scattered all over it tiny, bright red polka dots.  Anna thought it was perfect.
Anna’s dress was very traditional with a long train and a bodice of delicate lace.  She loved the traditional look but refused to wear a veil.  She wanted to see everything with clear eyes and an unobstructed view.  In her arms, she carried the same beautiful, pink and white striped lilies that Steven had given her on their first date.
Dan gave her away with a smile.  As she took her place beside Steven, Anna placed her hand into the hand of the man who had convinced her to love.
###
About the author:

B. L. Blair writes simple and sweet romance stories.  Like most authors, she has been writing most of her life and has dozens of books started.  She just needs the time to finish them.
She is the author of the Holton romance series.  She loves reading books, writing books, and traveling wherever and as often as time and money allows.  She is currently working on her latest book set in Texas, where she lives with her sisters and her cat, Darcy.

Also Available:
Notice Me (Holton Series #2)
Trust Me (Holton Series #3)

Connect with B. L. Blair online:
http://www.blblair.com
https://twitter.com/blblair100
https://www.facebook.com/blblair100

