Central Coven (book 1)
Fighting Destiny


By K.D. Carrillo
Central Coven
Fighting Destiny

Published by K.D. Carrillo at Smashwords
Copyright © 2013 Kimberly Dahl

All Rights Reserved

Edited by Fawn Sanchez and Julie Mitchell
Cover design by Indie Designz http://www.indiedesignz.com

Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the author.

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission.  The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

This book is available in ebook format.
Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Chapter Thirty-Five
Chapter Thirty-Six
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty-One
Chapter Forty-Two
Chapter Forty-Three
Chapter Forty-Four
Chapter Forty-Five
Chapter Forty-Six
Chapter Forty-Seven
Epilogue
About Me


Acknowledgements


My dream has always been to write stories to entertain people.  I'm not as concerned with fame and fortune.  So, first I would like to thank you for choosing this book to read in your free time.
I would like to thank my family for believing in me.  My mom has always pushed me to reach higher than I believed I could.  Mom, this is for you and your never-ending faith in me.  Thanks to my seven-year-old son for understanding mommy spending so much time on the computer.  Reach high my boy.  Anything is possible if you try.  I want to thank my husband for cooking so many dinners, and putting up with my grouchiness when I got stranded on a chapter.
I need to thank my best friend, editor, rock, and major source of inspiration.  Fawn you have been my social life, sanity, and my Anita since I was nineteen.  I'm glad I got to finish one of my major goals with your help.  Ok, enough with the mushy stuff.


Prologue

The glow of a roaring fire cast warmth on the dark stonewalls of the ancient castle.  Several walls were cloaked with tapestries depicting pastoral scenes.  The cool smooth stone floors were covered with Persian rugs woven in colors of gold, cream and vibrant crimson.  High backed chairs, ornately carved, and inlaid with plush velvet cushions surrounded a heavy dark oak table.  Servants quietly and inconspicuously wandered about with silver trays covered with delicacies, or silver pitchers with ale or wine.  Some set delicate china place settings and lit taper candles held in heavy crystal candelabras.  All were preparing the room for the mistress of the manor.
Marguerite glided in her long satin skirts flowing away from her.  Violet satin pooled around her feet, while she waited for her chair to be pulled out for her.  Her auburn hair was manipulated into an intricate braid, with strings of pearls woven into the design.  A herald announced the arrival of her guests, Hans and his wife Elaina, Carlos, and Felix.  
Chairs were pulled out, and spirits poured.  Marguerite sat at the head of the table, as fit her rank as head of the Council.  Carlos sat at the opposite end of the table, as the second most powerful wizard in the supernatural world, and the third most powerful being alive.  
Little changed in the supernatural world.  Most of the ancients preferred horses to modern machines.  Marriages were arranged, and few women held positions of power.  In those rare examples, those women gained their position because they were uniquely powerful. Yet, despite the antiquated customs of the supernatural world, he felt no slight taking the subordinate position at this gathering.  The biggest reason for that was the second most powerful being alive was sitting across from him.  Not hard to acknowledge her dominance when she could wipe the floor with him.  
Carlos glanced over at the empty chair and single goblet of red wine.  He raised his eyebrow in silent question.  Almost every supernatural race was accounted for, except one… 
“Yes, we have a few moments before dark, and our entire party is gathered together,” Marguerite intuitively replied.  
The light from the stained glass window dimmed, and was extinguished.  Again the herald appeared and declared in a loud ceremonious voice, “Lord Geoffrey Grey former Duke of Suffolk.”  
Marguerite waited for her last guest to be seated.  A servant brought over a large leather bound book.  The gilded edges glimmered in the moonlight.  She placed her hand lovingly on the cover.  When she pulled her hand away the cover opened, and pages flipped of their own accord.  It stopped on a masterfully illustrated page titled, “The Central Coven.”  
“The prophecy is upon us.”  She looked into the faces of her fellow Council members, her most trusted allies, and knew few outside of this circle could be trusted with such news.  “Since time immemorial we have existed on the verge of war, with each other and with humans.  We have dominated them as gods of the ancient world, and we hid from them during the Inquisition.  We have fought each other for dominance, both personally and for our respective races.   Only the six of us have managed to exist in harmony.” Marguerite gestured to the closed book, “Book, if you will…”
Le Histoire Surnaturelle, the collective history of the supernatural world began to read the prophesy in a melodic female voice.  “From a central core of harmony will arise a central coven.  They will be charged with the protection and balance of the natural and supernatural world.  Together they will recreate the supernatural world, blurring divisions, and creating a lasting peace.  Under their reign the modern era will begin, and the threat of war will cease.”
Eliana’s sky blue eyes cooled and focused on Marguerite.  “You know darling it is wonderful to see you as always, but was your purpose in calling for this meeting to read the most famous prediction in our history?  Surely there is a point to this reading.”  
Marguerite smiled a knowing Cheshire grin.  Carlos blinked quickly, as though trying to force out a thought beginning to take root.  Hans, grabbed his wife’s shoulder.  Felix and Grey appeared unconcerned.
“I see,” Hans said flatly.  Eliana looked into everyone’s face, and still didn’t find the answer the others saw so quickly.  Marguerite sought to end her confusion.  “Eliana, where is your son attending college this fall?”  Her brow furrowed showing her deepening confusion.  “He is in Washington State in America.  It is very kind of you to inquire, but I fail to see the point in this.”
“Where in Washington is he attending?” Marguerite pushed.  “He is going to Central Washington University.  Central, uhm…”  “Carlos, where is Anita going?” Marguerite asked without looking at him.  “Central,” he replied quickly.  Eliana looked to Marguerite and Felix, and they nodded their answers.  “But, he doesn’t even know who he is, not really.  He isn’t ready for this.”
“Eliana,” Carlos began, “we have long argued with you against hiding his true nature, but you stubbornly opposed us.  Now he will face his nature whether you are ready for him to face it or not.  You have done him a disservice in your effort to protect him.  I pray my daughter does not suffer for your decision to shelter your son.”
“Enough,” Marguerite demanded.  “As you said we have had this argument before.  It is done know.  It is pointless to punish friends for their parenting choices.  We will manage as we always have.  Grey you are to head to Washington and renew your acquaintance with Anita.  She is still acclimating to her situation.  You can go under the guise of checking in on her.  Use your many skills to bring all of them together.”
Grey nodded, and took his leave.  He hated Council politics, but trusted none of his kind to represent their collective interests.  Still he refused to remain once his orders were given.  They did not view him as an equal in their group, and considering some of the other members of his species he could not completely disagree.
“Now, we have some business to address,” Marguerite said when she thought Grey was out of earshot.  “Hans, I believe a union between our families would solidify our positions, and that of our children with the rest of the Council.”  
Hans smiled broadly. This was the outcome he hoped for.  Chloë DuLac’s beauty was well known.  It was just as widely accepted, that his son was the most handsome man of age.  Her power and money combined with his would make the most powerful couple since Chloë’s parents.  Yes, it would be a great match for his son.
Eliana looked troubled.  Marguerite was often cold, though they had been friends for centuries, and she took a lot of time to warm to.  She wanted love for her son, not the political machinations of the Council.  Marguerite, despite her cool exterior and political shrewdness, knew her friend well.
“She is most unlike me Eliana.  Where I am steeped in tradition, she is the very model of a modern teenager.  Thanks to her sister’s care these last few years she has been immersed into the life of a normal American girl. She is defiantly normal, except with a few enhancements.  I know she would make your son very happy.”
“If you are both so sure…” Eliana began.  “I am love.  He is my son as well.  You are not the only one who knows what is best for him,” Hans comforted. Eliana took a deep breath and nodded.  She would not interfere.  Marguerite smiled and they continued to settle the details for the marriage contract.
Grey left the hallway where he was eavesdropping.  Part of him understood this maneuvering, and using their children for political gain.  It was the world he came from as well.  But, he had spent the last few centuries among humans, and no longer agreed in trading children as assets.  It was not his decision.  Their children would find themselves married.  Aristocratic parents always shaped their children’s destiny.  You cannot fight destiny and win.
Chapter One

A year ago, I received my inheritance.  I didn’t receive money, or property, but power, nearly limitless power.   As if high school wasn’t awkward enough, I had to hide my true self from everyone.  There in the horizon loomed college, a chance to start fresh and perhaps learn to blend in again.  And, if it is too hard, well I am a witch I’ll find a spell and fake it…
I chose to attend Central Washington University, in Ellensburg Washington.  It is in a small town, with a very charming, well-kept campus.  The University of Washington is more prestigious, and considering my family’s money, that might have made more sense, but I was attracted to the personal attention students received from their instructors at Central.  Perhaps it was an odd choice for someone wanting to blend in, but I was pulled to this university.
So, that is how I found myself standing in front of one of the ugliest buildings on campus, or maybe anywhere, and this was going to be my home for the next nine months.  Well, at least I wouldn’t be living with my sister and her family anymore.  Instead, I would be in this square, plain, brick building with brown paint peeling off all of the woodwork.   And, I would have my own room, which was essential for keeping my secret.  Now, if I could magically get these boxes into my room on the third floor without getting caught… no, it’s probably best to carry them.
“Do you need help bringing in your stuff?”  A deep melodic voice asked from behind me.  Wow, I really need to be careful what I wish for.  I turned around slowly, and time stopped, I think my heart stopped, I’m sure I at least stopped breathing.  What I saw was the most beautiful man, over six feet tall, thick dark black-brown hair, piercing deep blue eyes, and sharply defined features, talk about gorgeous.  Get it together… am I staring at him?  Wow, I really can’t think. 
“Thanks, I really could use some help bringing some of this stuff up to my room.  My name is Chloë, by the way.”  He was smiling, I couldn’t decide if it was good, or bad.  Right, he’s human, so it’s bad…sooo bad.  “I’m Finn, and it’s no trouble.”  
Hmm, that’s what you think.  “Well that is actually a life saver, there was no way I was up for carrying all of these boxes.” Absolutely no way I was carrying them, using magic certainly, but carrying, uh uh.  “So have you been inside yet?  Is it as bad inside as it is outside?”  “Well, prepare yourself if you think the outside is bad, the inside is worse.”  
“I fail to see how that is possible. Is there, toxic mold?”  “Close, asbestos, and signs telling you not to poke holes in the walls or ceiling.  Oh, and cover your mattress, they aren’t new and well…they get around as much as the students do.”  Gross!”  “Come on lets go see if your room is as pleasant as mine.”  Finn reached over and grabbed my room assignment out of my hand, and I could swear I saw sparks.  “Hmmm, now this is convenient.  You’re in room 307 that is right next to mine.  Let’s go.”  
Chapter Two

Finn was right when he said the inside was worse than the outside.   This building hardly inspired a “homey” feeling; exposed brick, waiting room style furniture, and seventies era linoleum flooring doesn’t exactly shout “make yourself comfortable.”  Oh well, must make the most of it, besides at least the view from my room (because of its location to Finn’s) would be good.  
“Ehhmm, you day dream a lot don’t you?”  “Just taking everything in, and… yes I…I guess I do,” I stammered.  “Don’t be embarrassed, I can’t help but notice things about you,” he winked.  “Uhh… the stairs are behind that door, and then we just keep going up until we get to the top.” Finn tried to conceal blushing.  Maybe, (hopefully) I wasn’t the only one enjoying the view.
“Have you met your roommate yet?” he asked.  “I don’t have one,” I answered with a shrug.  “Really?  Why not?” he pressed.  “Well, I really like to have privacy.” Because I have too many secrets.  I continued babbling, “And I don’t think I could share my bedroom with my best friend of all people, and it is as large as some people’s apartments.  I think I would go nuts in a small room with a stranger.”   
“Your bedroom at home is as big as some apartments?” he said with surprise.  “Yeah, uhm, I didn’t mean to add that part in.  I forgot for a second no one knows me here, so can we just forget that part?” I asked panicked.
“So you’re rich,” Finn teasingly bumped my shoulder.  “My family is, but don’t tell anyone please,” I begged.  “Your secret is safe. Here is the third floor.  Our rooms are at the end of the hall by the girl’s bathroom. What is wrong with being rich, exactly?”  “Nothing.  I just want people to get to know me for me, and not for my family or my money.”  “I understand. I’m comfortable myself, I mean, you know, my family is.  You keep that secret, and I’ll keep yours.”  “I meant what I said.  My family has money.  I won’t have access to it until I am much older.” 
That was partially true.  I didn’t have access to the unlimited funds spread out around the world, but I did have a trust fund, one most people would find obscene for an eighteen-year-old girl.  It just wasn’t unlimited.  
“I’ll set this box in your room and let you get settled in. Do you want to go to the dining hall with me tonight?”  “That sounds perfect,” I replied, trying not to smile like an idiot.  I placed the large key into the door, turned, pushed, and walked into a nightmare.
The room was the size of a walk-in closet.  Stuffed into the claustrophobia inducing space were two twin beds, matching wardrobes and a built in desk the length of the room.  The walls were exposed brick, the ceiling had a popcorn texture, the wood was scuffed and worn, and everything else had an ugly green laminate on it.  
The bed next to the window was made up in black and red linens.  There were books on the self, a laptop on the desk, and she stood in the center of the floor.  She looked like a cross between Jessica Alba and Penelope Cruz, only more beautiful, in an unearthly way.  Her teeth were bright white, and her skin had an odd tone.  It seemed to radiate a deep golden, and a pale porcelain glow at the same time.  She turned to look at me, and when the light hit her eyes they shone an odd mixture of bronze and florescent yellow-green like an animal at night.  Great, she was a supernatural creature, but what kind?  
“I thought you didn’t have a roommate?” Finn said, looking puzzled.  “It must be some sort of mix up.  Let me sort this out, and I will come and meet you around dinner time, say six thirty?” I wanted to get him out of the way before I confronted this person.  “Sounds good.” He was noticeably uncomfortable by her presence.  That is never a good sign.  Humans have a great instinct when it comes to dangerous supernaturals, but they tend to ignore it.
My dark chocolate brown eyes turned a vivid emerald green.  A normal reaction (for me) when I tap into my magic.  I turned to face my new roommate.  I really wanted to live alone, needed to live alone.  These supernatural showdowns were such a hassle.  She raised her head, looked deep into my eyes and released a feral hiss from deep in her throat.   Her lips pulled back in a snarl and revealed two sharp canines.  Fan-freakin’-tastic, my roommate is a vampire!  
I’m new to having my powers, but trying to intimidate me is criminally stupid.  I don’t scare easily.  My hair began to blow wildly around me, and a thick green mist swirled around my body.  With a flick of my fingers I closed the door.  
We started circling each other.  She crouched down, like an animal preparing to strike.  I flicked my fingers and sent sparks flying towards her.  She gasped, “What are you?”  That was a minor display of power; perhaps she wasn’t really interested in confrontation.  It certainly would be preferable to have a decent relationship with my roommate, which I apparently have.  “I’m a witch.  My name is Chloë.  How about you?” 
She took a deep breath and her fangs retracted.  “Now, that is complicated.  I am part-vampire.  I was bitten, and half changed, but I was rescued before my attacker could finish the job.  Oh, and I’m Anita by the way.  I’m sorry I was hostile toward you.  I could tell you were ‘other’ I just couldn’t tell what, and I’m a bit paranoid now.” 
“Understandable.  What I want to know is why are we roommates? I requested a single.”  “You don’t need the whole story of why I wasn’t changed?”  “Not now.  Girls like us have to save stuff like that for our late night gabfests, right?  Plus I’m guessing that story is going require some Ben and Jerry’s right? For now, I’m more interested in why we are sharing a room.” 
“Well there were men involved in my sob story, so of course we’ll need ice cream.  As for how we became roomies, well, I don’t know exactly. I requested a single too, but the housing office said they had run out. I was surprised I was being placed with a roommate.  Still, probably better than walking in and finding a vampire in your room. ” 
“That would be an understatement, but I guess if I am going to have a roommate it might as well be someone I can share my secret with.  Honestly, the only reason I wanted my own room was because I wanted a space I didn’t have to pretend to be normal. I guess there is no harm in having a roommate if I can be myself.  It is nice to meet you by the way.” 
I wasn’t sure why I was making a big deal out of it.  She was right after all.  If I had to have a roommate, another supernatural was ideal.  It just felt wrong somehow.  But, rooming with Anita could be nice.  I had never really had any close friends.  Kinda hard, when you are always keeping secrets.  But, there was an alarm screaming in my head that there was more than either of us understood behind our living situation.
“Well roomie, now we are past the weirdness, who was that hottie earlier?” Anita asked.  I laughed, “That was Finn.  He has the room next to us.  And I saw him first.”  “Yeah, yeah.  It’s no fair witches have that super model beauty thing anyway.  That is where bewitching comes from,” Anita complained.  
I’m not perfect by any means, but I do fit most people’s ideas of female beauty.  It isn’t diet, exercise, or some crazy beauty routine.  Nope, I’m a witch that is the secret.  All witches are beautiful.  I don’t know where the image of the haggard old crone came from.  It couldn’t have been a real witch, because I’ve never met one who appeared to be old or ugly.  In fact, I have yet to run into any unattractive supernaturals for that matter.  In the supernatural world, beauty doesn’t make you special, it is just common.
“It isn’t like vampires are ugly!” I teased.  “I know, but I’m only half, so I’m only half as beautiful.  But, I can come out during the day, so I guess there are advantages.”  I wouldn’t have considered her half as beautiful, if anything she was the most beautiful vampire I’d ever seen.  I cocked my head, and really looked at her.  Definitely the most beautiful vampire I have seen, she must have been an unusually stunning human.
“So are you going to make a move on Finn?  I think he likes you.”  “I don’t know to be honest. Plus he can’t like me; we just met and have spent a total of like ten minutes together. Plus, I usually don’t date humans. But he is, I mean, he’s just so, I guess I’m trying to say that…”  “He’s hot, that is what, and he has a certain something, kinda hypnotic, huh.”  “Exactly!  Hypnotic.  He seems magical.  At least that is the story I’m going with if my sister or mother finds out about this.  I can’t believe I am considering this. How can you tell he likes me? Never mind, don’t answer.”
She laughed and touched the end of her nose.  Of course, she could smell pheromones. “Carpe Diem, so what first?” 
 “Dinner… tonight… in, let’s see… damn, ten minutes! Well, so much for doing things normal.” I answered as I searched for my wand.  “So I guess its time for some magic?”  “You guess right.  What is the use of being a witch if you can’t get yourself out of some trouble, huh?  Lord only knows it gets me into enough of it, only makes sense if it worked in reverse too.” 
I used my wand to change out of my moving clothes.  I was instantly into my favorite pair of jeans, the ones that hugged my curves and showed off my slim muscular legs and rear.  My shirt was a flattering red blouse that the neckline was neither too low nor too high, the perfect amount of skin exposed.  A knock on the door interrupted my primping.  
“I thought I was going to come to meet you.”  “Well, I couldn’t wait,” Finn said smiling his million dollar smile, “And my roommate wanted to come along.  So I thought maybe yours would too, and we could all go together.”  
“What a good idea,” I beamed back at him.  I really didn’t want to leave Anita all by herself.  I also hoped his roommate was good looking and she might like him. I subtly peeked in the hall…damn I love it when I’m right.
Chapter Three

“Anita, Chloë, this is my roommate Dean.”  Anita’s gaze drifted up and down Finn’s roommate.  She flirtatiously flipped her long, strait, chestnut locks over her shoulder.  “Hello Dean,” purred Anita.  I stifled a giggle.  “Very nice to meet you,” I added more platonically than Anita.  “Uhm, Boys, we need another minute and we’ll be right down to meet you.” 
I closed the door behind them, and turned to Anita.  She fell back onto her bed, covered her face with a pillow, kicked her feet, and laughed.  “Are you loosing it?” I teased.  “Oh, Chloë!  He’s perfect!  Blond hair, green eyes, muscular, and his voice is smooth as silk,” Anita exclaimed with her face still smashed into her pillow.  “So, can I assume Finn is safe now?”  “Yes.  He’s all yours, just give me the roommate.”  
 “Anita!  I’m teasing.  Neither of them are ours.  Not yet of course.”  “Yet.  Let any of the other girls in this dorm, school, or town try and compete with us.  We have a supernatural edge,” Anita said with a hint of mischief glinting in her eyes.  “An edge you have no trouble using obviously?” “You know what they say…all is fair in love and war.  Besides it isn’t like we have a choice,” Anita replied with a sharp edge cutting through her playfulness.
I grabbed my small black Chanel purse that held my student ID and keys.  Then I slipped on my favorite kitten-heeled black leather boots.   Anita applied a peach colored lip-gloss and put on some bejeweled sandals that matched her bronze top.  “Now it looks like we needed that minute.”  “Let’s not leave those guys waiting any longer,” Anita said and grabbed her clutch from the desk.  
Finn and Dean were sitting on a bench out in front of the dorm enjoying the warmth of the late afternoon sunshine.  Sunset in central Washington, in every month except winter, is late in the evening, so at six thirty it was still bright.   On the walk to the dining hall we meandered through the ill-tended freshmen dorms, toward the more attractive upper-classman dorms.  A large lawn separated the dormitory adjacent to the dining hall.  It was well manicured, with thick green grass, tall shade trees on the perimeter, and surrounded by a brick-laid pedestrian mall.  A back to school barbeque was set for the following day.
Ordinarily this would have been a perfectly serene setting for the first school gathering, but what I saw settled on that lawn, sent shivers down my spine, a flock of ravens.  Their yellow-eyed gaze turned to focus on me, and a few let out a screeching “ka,” but I heard “kill.”  
My magical senses kicked in, and my eyes flashed green.  Anita noticed and grabbed my arm.  “Are you alright?” she whispered.  I subtly shook my head. “What do you know about ravens?” “They deliver warnings from the spirit world that someone is going to die, right?”  “Yes, and there are a lot of them here,” I pointed as if she hadn’t noticed.
“This looks like an awfully serious discussion ladies,” Finn said and slipped his arm around my shoulders.  I smiled, and looked up at him through my eyelashes.  Anita closely studied the birds, and before I had time to wonder why Dean copied Finn and placed his large, muscled arm around tiny Anita.  “So are those birds making you nervous?” he teased her.  “Why don’t we go get dinner and move away from these creepy pests,” Finn interjected.   He slid his hand down to the middle of my back and applied gentle pressure to guide me forward.  Neither Finn nor Dean made the slightest effort to remove their arms from us all the way to the dining hall.
I tried to enjoy the attention, and I was mostly successful, but there was a large part of my brain that would not let me forget the ravens.  That part was tied to the earth, a daughter of it.  I didn’t see much of my father, a very powerful Native American shaman, but what he taught me lingered.  I knew the Creator had signs and spirits everywhere if you were willing to pay attention.  I heard their message loud and clear, something evil was coming to Central.
A week passed, and nothing ominous materialized.  I began to relax.  Anita and I spent every free moment with Finn and Dean.  We went to dinner together, and for walks.  Since I had Anita to confide my secrets to, hiding things from Finn and Dean didn’t feel like too bad.  
It was an easy routine, our first class of the day, conveniently at eleven in the morning, was History 101, a basic requirement.  Anita and I had Theater appreciation the next hour.  Afterwards we both had a break.  Except, I had two hours, while she only had an hour.  Then I was off to Philosophy 101, a two hour-long class.  I was done with class at four most days.  Anita was taking Geology, and was usually done about an hour before I was.  
Central was everything I had hoped it would be.  Small classes filled with interesting discussions, and the professors remembered my name.  I couldn’t say I was interested in majoring in Theater or Philosophy, but it was new and I enjoyed the variety of subjects.
Anita and I ate lunch together every day, either in the dining hall, or in the student union.  Sometimes the boys joined us.  We didn’t want to appear too eager, even though we were, so we didn’t eat with them every day.  If you can’t be casual fake it. 
It wasn’t exactly laid-back to memorize Dean and Finn’s schedule, but it did help our campaign to spend as much time with them as possible, casually, of course. Finn had kickboxing on Tuesdays and Thursdays after history, while Dean had weightlifting.  They had the same break time Anita did, which of course she took advantage of.  Then Finn had Calculus while Dean had Cultural Anthropology. They both had English 101 together.  Anita and I took AP English in high school, so we didn’t have to suffer through that.  
We fell into a nice routine during the first week of class.  We might not have seen each other everyday for lunch, but we did meet every night for dinner.  We spent so much time together that, Anita and I started to relax and grow comfortable around the guys, which is always when disaster strikes.
Friday night, the end of our first week as college freshmen, Anita and I hit the library so we would be free the rest of the weekend.  We lost track of the time, and ended up meeting the guys outside the dorm, later than we usually headed for the dining hall. 
I didn’t even think about the effect of the setting sun could have on Anita. Probably because any other time light was an issue, she wore sunglasses.  The sun dipped into the tree line, and thin rays of blood orange light slipped through the leaves.  Unfortunately, Anita’s eyes reflected any lights that hit them. She would never appear completely normal at night, and since sunglasses are just wrong and weird to wear in low light, there isn’t much she can do about it. 
Dean sucked in a breath, and then smirked.  I’m pretty sure he saw the flash in Anita’s eyes. The smile might have seemed strange, except, I thought I caught a hint of the same glare in his eyes.  No, I mean, three supernaturals in the same school, I had to have been mistaken.  Right? After all, I was still new at this.  But that smile…hmmm…
“Perhaps we should head back to the dorm,” I suggested.  Anita didn’t seem to hear me. At first I thought maybe she noticed Dean’s eyes too, but her nostrils flared, as if she was trying to catch a scent. “Come on Chloë, we haven’t had dinner yet,” Finn pointed out.  Shit, dinner, the entire reason we were outside, oops.  I laughed nervously, “Of course, I was trying to suggest we go rent a movie and get a pizza.  It’s Friday, let’s do something.”
“Yeah, that sounds great, but let’s go out to dinner and a then rent a movie.  Oh…damn, I forgot I parked my car in the lot across from Farrell Hall when I was running late to history yesterday.  We are so close to it right now, I should get it real quick. I will meet you back at the dorm or where ever you decide to go, sound good?” Anita jumped in.  What was she up to?  What ever it was she wanted space to do it alone.  Well, I could give her space, besides I wanted to know if there was anything special to learn about Dean.
I quickly agreed with her before Finn or Dean could suggest we all ride together back to the dorm, which they both appeared on the verge of doing.  “Come on guys, I want Chinese food.  How does Panda’s sound?” “Sure,” agreed Finn, “but can I gotta ask, how the hell does someone forget their car?”  I laughed, and shrugged.  I doubt her car was even there.  It seems she is talented at lying.  We headed off down the mall, and left Anita standing at the base of the concrete footbridge.  
Chapter Four

Anita knocked lightly on the door and Dean jumped to let her in.  “Did you lose your car?” Dean joked.  “No, I moved it back behind the dorm, ” Anita fibbed.  “You’re here now, come sit by me.  We ordered a pizza.  I hope you like pepperoni,” Dean said and guided her to sit on his bed.  
I winked at Anita.  She looked at me pointedly, and tipped her head toward the hallway, but I was not in the mood to leave my place next to Finn, even if I was forced to watch the latest Vince Vaughn guy version of a chick flick.
She groaned, annoyed she was going to have to ask me.  “Can I talk to you a sec?”  “Sure,” I replied, and reluctantly slid out of Finn’s warm embrace. “We’ll be right back,” Anita whispered to Dean.  She led me to our room, and shut the door. 
“I should tell you what happened when you guys left.  Wait. Is there a way you could see it for yourself? You’re a witch. Don’t you have psychic powers? ” I cocked my eyebrow contemplatively.  I was still learning the extent of my own powers. I thought about how something like that might work, and figured it was worth a try. 
“I’m not sure.  I’ve never heard anyone’s thoughts or predicted the future or anything, but maybe if I concentrate.”  I closed my eyes and tried to empty my mind.  Nothing.  “Maybe if I touch you?” “Only one way to find out.”  Anita grabbed my hands, and I closed my eyes.  At first there were just flickers.  Bursts of color, and then I saw Anita talking to an image shrouded in darkness.
“Hello Grey,” Anita said to the darkness.  “Hello, yourself,” replied a disembodied voice.  “Grey, do come out of the shadows,” Anita snapped.  A man stepped out of the shadow of a large willow tree.  He had an unearthly beauty, similar to Anita, only he was much paler.  He wasn’t tall, but he had a presence that screamed power and danger.  His black hair shone blue when it caught the light, and his dark eyes had an all-knowing hypnotic charm to them.  
“Anita, I needed to see you.  Others of our kind have been moving into town, and nearby in Yakima.”  “Why would anyone want to go to Yakima?  Especially vampires?  Seattle sure, but we don’t even have much of a nightlife around here.”  
“They aren’t searching for entertainment, Anita,” Grey said and brushed his finger under her chin, lifting her gaze.  “I was sent to warn you, they have a plan.  They are after something or someone.  I was not told what their plans are, I am not even sure if the ones that sent me know. I was told there was danger heading here, and to assist you if I could.  My actual orders were to help without you knowing I was here, but I wanted to warn you he is with them.” 
“Alexander,” Anita hissed, “but I thought you got rid of him. Did you come to warn me because you think I am the target?”  “No darling, I do not think they are after you.” He paused and thought for a moment, furrowing his brow, “Not just you at least.  Was that your new roommate you were walking with earlier?  She’s a witch, right?”  
“Yes, my new roommate, Chloë DuLac. Have you heard of her?” “Did you say DuLac?” “Mmhhmm, why?” Anita asked getting irritated.  What did she ever see in this guy?  Dean was definitely a healthier choice, especially since Grey was obviously fascinated by her beautiful roommate.
Anita pulled away her hand. “Can you ignore what I was thinking when I met with Grey?”  “Sorry,” I mumbled.  She nodded and placed her hand back on my open palm.
“Yes I have met some of them.  The DuLac witches are the strongest witches alive.  I believe Chloë’s father is some sort of Native American shaman, who might be as old as civilization in the western hemisphere.  It is hard to know for sure, because there are few who have ever met an original.  Her mother is Marguerite, the head of the Council.” “What is the Council?”  “Ah, that is a discussion for another time.”
“So Chloë is a powerful witch, with powerful parents.  If that weren’t enough she has dark brown hair rippling down to her waist, a perfectly curved body, and fantastic clothes. I want to hate her, and ordinarily I totally would, but she’s so damn nice I think she’ll be my new best friend.  I’m sorry did you have a point?” 
Grey chuckled. “I forget you are still a teenage girl.  Such drama. What I am trying to tell you is your friend not only comes from the strongest magical family, her unique lineage means she could be the strongest witch alive.  Naturally her father is probably the most powerful being alive, or at least one of them, but the originals have not circulated among the rest of us for centuries. After your little rant it occurs to me that the strongest witch alive allied with the only half-vampire alive might be unstoppable.  You my dear are a force of nature.”
“Listen, there are other supernaturals around in Ellensburg, but I can’t tell you about that now.  The group that sent me is trying to quell an uprising.  At least that is the rumor.  They do not have much trust for vampires, so I am never given the complete story.”  
“So there is like a war gonna start?  What do you mean about other supernaturals?” “Ugh, great vocabulary darling.  Yes, it seems a war is imminent.  Your roommate needs to be warned.  You could invite me in and I could do it for you,” Grey said, playfully wagging his eyebrows. “Grey, you are bad.  I think I will warn my roommate myself, and keep you away from her.” “Of course I am bad, I am a vampire. But you dearest are no fun.”  “Have a good night Grey,” Anita said turning her back and leaving. 
Anita ensured no one was around, and raced back to campus at the speed only a vampire could manage. One minute she was standing still near where we left her, and the next she was a blur blazing through the campus.  She was so fast human eyes couldn’t see her.  The only thing any bystanders could see would be the whir of air that trailed behind her.  Outside of the dorm, Anita found the scent of her room and she scaled the side of the brick building and climbed into her open window.  
I opened my eyes and shook my head to clear the vision.  “Wow, I had no idea.  I didn’t know I could do that.  This Grey thinks we are in Danger?”  “Yes.  If Alexander is near we most certainly are.”  “Besides vampires, I’ve never heard of a supernatural dying.”  “I only know about vampires,” Anita admitted.  “I think we have a lot to learn, and maybe not a lot of time to learn it,” I said, acknowledging something my intuition was telling me.
“What did he mean by other supernaturals?”  “I don’t know.  Half the time I can never figure out what he is talking about.”  “You said you were able to pick up an ‘otherness’ about me, have you sensed that about anyone else?” 
“Well, don’t think I am too paranoid, but I am very curious about Dean and Finn.  I mean come on, no one is that attractive without some help.”  “I don’t think you are paranoid.  I saw Dean’s eyes reflect light like yours do.  And when Finn touched me the first time I felt an electric charge between us.” “The thing with Dean’s eyes is very curious, but between you and Finn that just tells me that you too have electricity,” she teased.  I raised my eyebrows, “Yeah, I guess we really don’t know anything. Do we?”  “Nothing except there are two hot guys next door waiting for us and we are sitting here talking about them,” Anita pointed out.  “True, let’s get back over there.”

Chapter Five

We heard the boys laughing at the shenanigans on screen.  I knocked on the door, and Dean answered, “Is everything alright?”  “Of course, just girl stuff,” Anita said, and then she tensed.  Dean put his arm around her protectively, his pupils narrowed into slits “Uhm, sorry, I just got a creepy feeling all of a sudden, like something bad is about to happen,” Anita responded, and glanced my way.  
Anita sniffed the air, a little too obviously.  “What?” I whispered.  “Something familiar,” she growled.  “Can you place it?” Dean asked, a little more perceptively than I was prepared for.  “Y..yes,” she answered off guard.  Anita seemed to slip into a trance, “It smells like me, but from a long time ago.” 
I understood immediately.  She meant, before she was changed.  There was only one thing that could trigger that memory. Vampires were invading tiny Ellensburg, Washington.  Grey warned us, but what I wanted to know was why?  What was their goal, and when would we find out?  Well, you know what they say, never ask a question you don’t want to know the answer to, because as soon as I finished that thought a bloodcurdling shriek rang out from down the hall.  
Anita looked into my suddenly glowing green eyes.  Her lips curled over her extending fangs.  I tried to think of an excuse to leave, and keep Dean and Finn from following.  Anita didn’t have the same concerns; she just got up and left without a word.  I quickly made a bland excuse and followed her.  Finn looked uncomfortable to have us out of his sight, very sweet, unnecessary but sweet. Dean looked excited. I would have to ponder later.
I followed the hazy image of Anita as she raced down the hallway. Even to my comparatively dull senses the coppery smell of blood hung heavy like drugstore perfume.  As we neared room 327 the stench was so strong it felt like a smack in the face.  
“I’ll kick in the door,” Anita said.  “No.  We want to see what is in there without tampering with evidence.  I don’t want anyone to know we were even in there.  I’ll use my wand.”  I opened my hand and green mist began to swirl and solidify until I held my carved jade wand.
I pointed the quartz end at the door and commanded it to open.  The swirling mist grasped the knob twisting until it opened.  “Let’s get this over with.”  The stench that was offensive in the hall was overwhelming in the room. I silently willed my wand to lighten the room.  The crystal glowed bright enough we could see around the room without turning on the lights.  
“I smell blood,” Anita said soberly.  I turned my wand toward the window, and saw a bloody hand print on the glass, which was open.  I pointed at it, but Anita just shook her head.  “Not enough.  The smell is too strong.”
I pointed the light toward the chair by the desk, congealed blood pooled on the floor, the chair, and the desk.  “Dear God, I had no idea there was so much blood in the human body.”  I swallowed hard to force the rising bile back down my throat.  
Anita stood still as a statue, her eyes glowed like polished bronze, and her nostrils flared.  She pinched the bridge of her nose.  “Yeah several pints, and I’m afraid we are looking at most of it.  There is no way she could have survived this.  She’s been drained.  Shit.”  
I carefully put my hand on her shoulder.  She was holding in her bloodlust by the thinnest thread.  “We will look for her.  Maybe she has been changed. Come on, we won’t give up, but we should get out of here before we get caught.  Grab my hand.” 
“Wait,” she said, and headed toward the windowsill.  There was a bloody shirt, neatly folded and placed on the radiator near the window. A feral hiss escaped her lips and she growled out one word, “Alexander.” “Let’s go,” she said, and grabbed the shirt.  I went over and grabbed her shoulders and teleported to our room.
“Damn vampires!” I exclaimed and kicked my bed.  “Hey, what did I do?” asked Anita feigning hurt feelings.  “Present company excluded.”  “Does that include me,” asked a voice from the window.  I jumped, “Who is that?”   “Grey, I told you not to come here!” Anita snapped.  “That was before your neighbors started disappearing.  Now you may need my assistance,” said the melodious voice.  “May I come in?” 
“Anita, what do you think?”  “As much as I hate granting him an invitation, another vampire has already gained access to our dorm hall, so…what do we have to lose.  What the hell, come in Grey.”  Grey stepped over the windowsill from the thin ledge.  I let out a small gasp.  I’ve never been strongly drawn to a guy before I met Finn, and now looking at Grey, I can understand how women can feel torn between two men.  As if he read my mind, he looked at me and winked.  
Anita snapped her fingers between us.  “Hello, missing student,” she said emphatically.  “Do not be angry love,” Grey consoled and gently ran his hand through Anita’s lush chestnut locks.  She seemed mollified by his actions, at least for the moment.  “I thought there was at least a day or two before they made their move, I apologize, I miscalculated,” Grey stated and bowed his head toward both of us.  
“It was not they, it was he.  Alexander did this.” Anita tossed her bloody shirt at Grey.  In one lighting fast movement he caught the shirt and lifted it to his nose.  Grey hissed at the recognition, just as Anita had.  Except, Grey’s hiss was truly menacing.
“What do we do now?” I asked, trying to focus.  “We need to answer the usual questions.  Who, why?” Anita answered.   “I have a question for you then, who is Alexander?”  “He is the vampire that tried to turn me,” Anita said through clenched teeth.  “He is leading a small army, and he is not going to stop until someone stops him,” Grey added.  I took a deep breath, “Since I don’t see the Council anywhere, I suppose we have to stop him.”
“That might be exactly what he is counting on.  He has plans, and he has help.  He wants to build his army, but I also believe he is after the two of you.  It is the why part I have not figured out yet.”  “This was a message to me,” Anita seethed.
“I fear you are right.  You are his ultimate curiosity, an unfinished game, and worse yet, you are the perfect way to get to me,” Grey confided.  Anita nodded her head, letting Grey’s words sink into her head.  “I knew, of course I knew he would always come for me one day.  I hoped it was over, but I always knew it wasn’t.”  
Anita abruptly turned her back to him, “Thanks for your help Grey.  It’s getting late we should get to bed.”   “Goodnight ladies, I will see you again,” he said and smiled showing his unnaturally white teeth.  Then he grabbed my hand and kissed it, and winked again.  With a sudden movement, he was out the window, and the faint sound of laughter filtered in as he disappeared into the night.
Chapter Six

That night was difficult.  Between Anita fighting a nightmare, and police officers investigating down the hallway, sleep escaped me. When daylight began to filter through the threadbare drapes, I gave up efforts to sleep.  I cracked open the door and peeked down the hallway.  Police officers stood on either side of the missing student’s dorm room, attaching strips of yellow police tape.
“We might as well go get breakfast,” said Anita, voice thick with fatigue.  I nodded, and began to pull clothes from my drawers.  “I’m not very hungry, but it is the best place to overhear any gossip,” Anita continued.  “How are you?” I asked, while studying the dark circles under her eyes.  “I’ll live, but that girl can’t say the same.  Don’t worry about me. I’ve already come through this.  Let’s find her and end her torment.”
We saw few people on our way across the lawn, and only a few more once we were seated in the dining hall.  Everyone was quiet and subdued. “It seems news travels fast. I wish we had taken a few seconds to find out her name,” I whispered.
Anita held her hand up for me to wait, “I can hear those two girls who are sitting by the window.  They are saying that they were friends of…Vanessa. That is what they are calling her.  I guess the police came and talked to them early this morning. They said the police found their room and phone number tacked to her bulletin board.” 
“Where did you run off to last night?” Finn asked from behind me.  I jumped at the sound of his voice.  I was lost in thought about the fate of Vanessa.  And as much as I tried to stop myself, I was also thinking about the mysterious allure of Grey.  His dark eyes, both captivating and dangerous, held centuries of knowledge and a mischievous glimmer. 
I turned to look up at Finn, and expected the spark to have died.   The blue fire of his eyes slammed into me and for a small moment I felt like I couldn’t breathe.  I realized I hadn’t answered his question, and I struggled to remember what he asked me.  Something about last night…uh…
“I wanted to chase down Anita,” I lied.  Then I thought of a lie that was a half-truth.  I looked at Anita and she nodded her head.  I cocked my eyebrow. Did she hear me?  She smiled…interesting…I would have to file that away to figure out later. 
I grabbed Finn’s arm and walked him away from the table.  “O.K. I’m only telling you this because the attack last night has brought back some bad memories for Anita.  God, that sounds awful, like really self-centered.  I don’t mean it that way.  It’s just she completely freaked.”  I took a deep breath and started again.
“See, about a year ago Anita was attacked, and when she heard that scream she panicked.  I needed to make sure she was all right.  She isn’t handling this well, and it seems best you guys know about it. ” Everything I said was true, just not the reason why we left.  
“I’ll let Dean know her leaving last night had nothing to do with him,” Finn hinted.  “Yeah, please do.  It seems like they really like each other,” I added. “I think he was worried she didn’t want to go out with him.  Do you think he should ask her out?” I thought for a moment.  What was the best answer, I’m not Anita, but I didn’t want to screw this up for her.  Dean is a great guy, but Anita had a lot of issues to work out.  What the hell did I know though?  “He should definitely ask her out.”  
Finn playfully bumped my shoulder, “And what about you?” “No, he should not ask me out,” I laughed.  He pushed the hair out of my face, “Would you like to go to a movie sometime?” I smirked. I could end his torment now, but where would be the fun there? “Well, I guess if things don’t work out with them, what the hell?”  “With me, silly.” “Oh, yeah that would work better,” I said trying to hold back a teasing smile. “You are a handful.  I’ll come find you later, okay?”  I nodded, “Yes, I would love to go out with you Finn.  Later is good, because I should get back to Anita for now.”   He smiled his intoxicating smile, reached out and gently tugged a lock of my hair,  “I’ll see you later then.”
I shook my head as I headed back to the table.  Humans can get you into so much trouble.  Regardless, I was drawn to Finn, and there are so many different kinds of magic in this world.  I am not strong enough to ignore his, even if it is just the magical promise of love.  
I started to tell Anita about my conversation I had with Finn, but she just tugged on her ear.   “Super hearing remember?”  “I forget sometimes,” I said with a shrug.  “Well thank you,” Anita gushed.  “You’re welcome.” 
“I didn’t have time to think about how I might be screwing things up with Dean last night.  I had just talked to Grey, and then that awful scream.  Ugh!  Life is never going to be normal again is it?” Anita complained.  “Was life ever normal for either of us?” “It used to be for me,” Anita replied softly.  “I’m sorry about what you have gone through, but I am glad to know you.  I’ve never had a best friend before, and I don’t think we would be as close if that hadn’t happened to you,” I answered honestly.
“Well I guess that is the silver lining,” Anita agreed.  “Tell me, how do you see things going with Dean?”  Anita thought for a second, “Hmm, I like him a lot.  But it is happening so fast.  He seems so sure about me, but I feel so screwed up. I don’t understand why he has so much faith in us.”  “What are you going to do?” I asked.  “I am going to do something that scares the shit out of me.  I am going to close my eyes and jump.  He is such a great guy, and I know if I screw this up I will never forgive myself, so I’m going to go for it.”
Anita waved her hand, as if she could shoo away the serious discussion.  “Enough about me. Let’s talk about something important.”  “What did you have in mind?” I asked curious about what could be more important. “Is Finn getting hotter or is it just me?”  “There is something going on.  I mean look at him over there, none of the girls around him can seem to keep their eyes off of him,” I complained.  “Let’s get out of here before the green eyed monster comes out and turns those girls into frogs,” Anita said giggling.  “I don’t turn people into frogs,” I mumbled.
We left the dining hall, and walked across the Barto lawn in front of the cluster of freshman dorms.  There were a few ravens cawing angrily at each other over the best pieces of garbage in the dumpster.  A few late season songbirds sang cheerily from the trees.  Suddenly the shrill call of a red-tailed hawk silenced the other birds.  I turned toward the call automatically.  Birds were commonplace on campus, but not large birds of prey. 
Ahead of us, in one of the shade trees that lined the lawn perched a beautiful hawk.  Her brown feathers shone in the morning sunlight, and she puffed out her white and brown speckled chest.  “What is that?” Anita pointed.  “That is Mickey, my familiar,” I answered.  “Your what?”  “She is like a spirit guide.  An animal that has abilities I don’t posses, and assists me when I need it,” I explained. 
“The weird just keeps coming doesn’t it?  When will this seem normal?” Anita took a deep, and exaggerated breath, “Sorry, just had to vent for a sec. I’m better now. So explain this to me, what does she do?”  “You will get used to this stuff eventually Anita. Anyway, you wanted to know about the bird. She is a guide.  Sometimes she is just there to reassure me, signal I am on the right path, or share her strength.  Most of the time she comes to deliver a message,” I explained.
Anita’s brow furrowed in confusion.  “Why does she need to deliver messages to you?”  “I have a lot of powers, most I am just learning to control, but I am not psychic.  Well, not in the ‘I can see the future,’ sense.  Sometimes I can get images of things that have already happened, but only if I am touching something to anchor me to that event.  The bird helps.”  
“So the bird is psychic?” Anita asked. I nodded yes.  She tapped her finger against her lips, pursed in contemplation. “Okay, I think I understand.  It isn’t really any weirder than anything else.”  “Seriously?  Anita, you are the coolest roommate.  I mean you are the only one I’ve ever had, but you deal well with my weirdness.”  “Hey, I’m a half-vampire, so, I think I should be more open-minded.”  “That is a good thing, because I need to go talk to a bird now,” I said and waited for her to tease me.  Instead she waved her hand, motioning me to get on with it.
I looked around to make sure Anita and I were the only ones out on the lawn.  My supernatural roommate watching me have a conversation with a bird is one thing, that kind of eccentricity is not to be shared with the rest of the campus. Ordinarily there would be a few people wandering around, but the tragedy last night seems to have kept most inside this morning.  I shouldn’t be surprised; Mickey would have known, otherwise she wouldn’t have come.
She swooped down off her perch and landed on my outstretched arm.  We locked eyes. She could only communicate with me when our minds were linked. Her intense stare connected our psyches and made me feel like I was swirling into a hazy white vortex. 
Suddenly I was inside a dorm room.  A girl, sat at her desk, pouring over an English textbook.  She tapped her pencil mindlessly on the corner of the thick book while she read a passage from Antigone.  Her dark blonde hair was casually twisted and secured by a lime green hair band.  A silver chain hung around her neck, with a letter shaped pendant attached to it. It had only one letter, V, for Vanessa.
My mind wanted to revolt.  I didn’t want to watch the last few minutes of Vanessa’s life.  I didn’t want to see that she was like the rest of us. Tired of studying boring textbooks, restless, perhaps insecure and lonely.  I tried to pull away from the vision, but it just kept coming.
There was a creak outside the window.  Slowly the lock slipped out of its cradle, and the window began to push open.  Vanessa turned suddenly to see a man standing by the window.  She opened her mouth, probably to scream, but then her expression changed from terrified to blank.  Her eyes appeared unfocused, unseeing.  
The man waited a few seconds, and then entered the room.  He was average height, brown hair, fairly ordinary except for his unnaturally white skin, and his eyes were off.  They were vacant, and milky white.  
Another man entered her room, also through the window.  He was taller than the other man.  The second man had shoulder length blonde hair, and beautiful hazel colored eyes, not like his companion’s dead white colored eyes.  His beauty was mesmerizing, angelic even.  I found it hard to resist, and I was only seeing him in a vision.  If I weren’t a magical being, I would have followed him, done anything for him, hell I would have worshipped him.   
I heard Mickey screech her ear splitting call, pulling me back from his hypnotic face.  She forced me to see the blonde vampire slit her throat in one lightning fast move.  I knew what was about to happen, but it still took me by surprise.  Vanessa awoke from her trance for a split second and her eyes widened in shock.  She brought a shaky hand toward her neck, and then slumped to the ground.  
The blonde vampire used a blade to make a small cut on his wrist, and forced it against her mouth.  She began to spasm almost immediately.  The zombie-like vampire tossed Vanessa onto his shoulder and jumped out of the window.  The other one lingered, looked at the blood on the floor and smiled.  He coated his hand in blood and pressed his palm against the window.  Slowly, he licked his hand clean.  It was as if he were waiting for someone.  Then he reached into the pocket of his jacket, removed a shirt, carefully placed it on the windowsill, and leapt from the window.  
“God,” I shuddered, finally released from the sickening vision.  “What did you see?” Anita asked.  I scrubbed my hand hard against my face to combat the images bouncing around in my brain. “Dammit! Uhh…it looks like there were two vampires in Vanessa’s room.  The first one that came in through the window had a blank look with milky white eyes. I’ve heard of vampires under magical control, but I’ve never seen it.  It’s a really creepy look, even for a dead guy.”  
	Anita’s eyebrows drew up again, they way they always do when she thinks too hard. “I don’t understand.  Who could control a vampire?  I don’t know much, but I thought magical beings couldn’t control each other. ”  “In most circumstances that is true, but vampires were created in magic, not born.” 
I looked in her eyes to see if any of this made sense.  Her eyebrows lowered slightly, so I took it as a sign to continue. “Necromancers are the only supernaturals that can control vampires.  It has to do with vampires having died.  That allows necromancers to use their death magic to bend the vampire’s will.  Oh and Necromancers created vampires in the first place, so…” 
Anita’s mouth nearly hit the ground.  There would inevitably be questions, but I preferred to answer them somewhere much more private than the middle of the freshman dorms. Besides, Anita’s eyebrows had headed north again, which could only mean she still needed time to process. I turned all of my attention to my faithful familiar, and saw she was waiting for a reward. I took a treat from my bag, and handed it to her. I started carrying around dog treats when Mickey first came around.  I must have guessed right, because Mickey made a small happy sound and flew away.
“Anita, we should go back to our room. Based on what Mickey just showed me, this is a lot more dangerous than we ever imagined.” “What do you think we should do?”  “Do you know how to get in touch with Grey?”  “Grey?  Chloë, I don’t think that is a good idea.  Why don’t you tell me what we are up against and I will decide if contacting Grey is necessary,” Anita argued.  I didn’t argue with her.  I knew once we talked she would see we were in over our heads.  “Mmm…okay,” I scanned the area and saw a few students heading toward the dining hall, “but not until we are back in our room.”
At the dorm we found campus police questioning everyone entering and exiting the building.  I groaned; the last thing we needed was to talk to the police.  It was probably inevitable since we lived down the hall from Vanessa, but I would rather wait until later when we had a plan.
“Anita,” I started to say. “I know, we don’t have time to talk to them right now, uhm where could we go?” Anita interrupted.  “I could teleport us somewhere, but in broad daylight we risk being seen.”  Anita smirked, “Not into the ‘Now you see me, now you don’t’ shtick, huh?”  I smiled and slightly shook my head. “No, I don’t pull fuzzy animals out of hats either.  Anyway…I know, let’s go to the library.  Classes have only been going on for a week so the study rooms should be empty.”  
We cut through a crowd of students on their way to class, or to eat. We made it past our dorm without being noticed by the police, most likely because they weren’t looking for us.  We really didn’t need to slink around, but having a group of vampires after me for unknown reasons was making me paranoid.  
Finally we made it to the library.  Once inside we made a beeline for the elevator and pushed the button for the fourth floor.  Something about the fourth floor gave me the creeps.  I must not be the only one either, because on a campus bursting with students this place was deserted, and all of the study rooms were open. Inside the closet sized study room, not re-decorated since the 1960’s, we squeezed together at a tiny desk to discuss the origin of vampires.  This was a very odd moment for me, telling a vampire (okay half-vampire) the origin of her species.  
“Did Grey ever explain to you how vampires were created?”  “No he never said anything, but to be fair I was pretty big into freaking out at the time.  I mean not only did I have to come to terms with the existence of vampires, but the fact that I was one too.” “You two have a weird relationship.  It seems like you care about him, and hate him at the same time.  Didn’t he save you?” I asked confused.
“Yeah he saved me.  And I don’t hate him, I hate them.” “Uhm, no, I still don’t understand,” I replied.  “I hate what they turned me into.  Don’t get me wrong. I am glad Grey rescued me, and part of me knows he had nothing to do with what happened to me. But he is still one of them, and he has the same thirst for blood they do.” “So he is guilty by association?” I asked skeptically.  “Look I know it isn’t fair.  Grey has been great to me really, but vampires are dangerous.  All of them.” “So should I be afraid of you?” Anita lowered her eyes solemnly, “Why not?  I am.”
Definitely time to change the subject.  “Okay, well get comfortable because this is a long story.”  “Wait, how do you know it?” Anita asked.  “From the Council histories.  It was required reading anytime I was with my mother.”  Anita nodded once and motioned for me to continue.  
“Alright, the best place to begin is the beginning.  Vampires were created when Caligula was the emperor of Rome. During his brief reign the patrician class ruled without concern for common citizens, or their slaves.  They believed the lower classes existed for their amusement, and nothing was beyond their control, not even death.
The daughter of a Senator fell ill and died at the age of twelve.  She was frail, but lovely.  In his grief he sent for the priestesses of Pluto. Pluto was the Roman god of the underworld.  In reality the priestesses were necromancers, witches that control death.  He begged them to bring his daughter back to life, and when that didn’t work he offered to pay them.  A purse of gold coins finally convinced them to help.
Resurrection is not a power necromancers possess, but it didn’t stop them from trying.  They wrote spells and brewed potions…”  “Wait,” Anita stopped me.  “I thought witches didn’t need to use special spells or potions.  Isn’t the magic a part of you?”  
“Ordinarily spells and potions aren’t needed. However, when a witch, sorcerer or necromancer tries to use powers they do not possess, or tries to control another living being, they must use magical science to accomplish it.”  “Magical science?” she asked baffled. “Yeah, potions and spells are like magical chemistry.”
“I hated chemistry in high school,” Anita mused.  “Me too, and it is close to the high school version. It is like a mixture of the sciences, chemistry, biology, physics, and the unexplainable element of magic.”  “Well continue with the story,” Anita urged.
“The first tonic they made was toxic.  They combined belladonna and hemlock as the main ingredients.  And, as if brewing that potion wasn’t bad enough, what they did next was positively horrid.  The priestesses/necromancers requested a slave from the Senator, to test the potion on.  He provided them with a twelve-year-old boy.  The histories say they drowned the slave boy in the manor’s fountain.  
They poured the potion down his throat, and began to chant.  The spell was not recorded, and obviously it was much better if it were lost forever.  In any case, they failed to bring the boy back to life, at least in his original form.  The coven managed to turn him into a zombie.  They tried to destroy the creature, but since zombies still appear from time to time it is believed they were not successful in that either.
The second potion they created used nightshade and foxglove.  Again they ruthlessly murdered a slave, this time an older male about nineteen years old.  Again the slave arose differently than he had been in life, but it was not immediately obvious.  
He was pale, and could not stand the sunlight.  The Senator told them it was a small price to pay to have his child returned.  They brewed more of the potion and prepared to recreate the ceremony again that evening.  They drew a circle on the stone floor in blood, and waited until the moon was at its highest point in the sky.  They were about to begin their chant when screams echoed through the main hall.  The necromancers abandoned their spell circle to investigate.  They found the second slave, a Celt from Britain, bent over the neck of a young girl.  He hissed when he saw them and blood ran down his bone white face.  
The witnesses called the slave many things: demon, ghost, and evil spirit.  The Senator was found among the dead that evening, and thankfully they stopped trying to resurrect the dead.  The newly born vampire escaped, probably first to Turkey and then onto the European continent.   
“I understand now why you believe a necromancer is controlling the vampires, but why do you want to see Grey?”  “There are several reasons actually.  First, I want to find out how he is managing to avoid the spell of the necromancers.  He may have an amulet to protect him.  Also, I would like to know how we ended up rooming together.  Don’t you think it is more than a coincidence we are both supernaturals, and while neither of us wanted a roommate we were still assigned the same room?  And even though we have only known each other for a little less than two weeks we are both being singled out by psychotic vampires? Call me a fool, but I have a feeling Grey knows something about that,” I reasoned.  
 “I can’t argue with you when you put it that way.  After dark, I will contact Grey.  But, just know getting in deeper with him is risky.  He is safer yes, but there is no such thing as a safe vampire,” Anita cautioned.
Chapter Seven

I wasn’t really sure what you were supposed to wear to flush out an enigmatic vampire.  It might be cliché, but I chose my black party clothes.  If I could dance all night in them, I should be able to be stealthy, and get away in a hurry, right?  Anita strolled in wearing jeans and a dark t-shirt.  She saw me and doubled over laughing.  “Excuse me for not knowing how to dress when meeting the ‘un-dead’,” I snapped.  “I’m sorry,” she said trying to hold in her hysterics, “I just didn’t realize you would go Goth because of our little adventure.”  “Yeah, yeah.  Let’s get this over with okay?” I grumbled.
We decided to by pass the main floor by going out our window.  We were going to leave as soon as it got dark, but we saw so many people when we went to dinner that we waited until eleven. Anita went first, she peered over the side, and when she was sure no one was around, she gracefully and silently leapt to the ground.  I stood on the ledge, raised my arms slightly to the sides, stepped off into the air and levitated. I floated to the ground, a little slower than Anita did, but only a little.
“That was much faster than the stairs, too bad we can’t do that everyday,” Anita grumbled.  We walked a couple blocks in silence, heading for a cluster of trees behind the sports fields. I wanted to teleport, but Anita wasn’t sure where Grey was going to meet us.  
An indescribable sensation caused the hairs on the back of my neck to stand up.  I turned to ask Anita if she felt it too, but she raised her hand to silence me. But she didn’t need to say anything, because the fluorescent yellow/green glow of her eyes told me she did. “Someone is by that tree,” Anita whispered and pointed to a large pine near the sports fields.  In a blink she ran the length of a football field to get there.  “What the hell,” I said to myself, and teleported over to Anita.
The tree was clearly visible under the brightness of the full moon, but no one was under the tree.  I scanned up the branches of the giant pine tree, and halfway up was perched a giant mountain lion.  Well, at least that explained the weird feeling. “That certainly shouldn’t be in town,” Anita said.  “I agree, who ever that is, they really should have shifted out in the woods.” Anita’s face bunched up and she shook her head. 
I pointed at the giant feline, “That is a shape shifter.  You know, a person in animal skin.”  “I guess there is no end to the world of weird I am going to have to learn about.  But now that you mention it, I feel like I know that cat.  Weird,” Anita observed.  She wandered closer, “It smells familiar too.”   “All the same, unless Grey turns into a cougar…we still need to be looking for him. We have time later to figure out where we know this cat from.  Still, we should definitely bookmark this issue for when people aren’t disappearing. I do like to know what other supernaturals are around me.  Just seems like a good thing for a witch to know.” 
“Where do you think we’ll find Grey?” As Anita considered my question I felt cold fingers gently brush the side of my neck.  My hair was swept aside so quickly it was as if a gust of wind concentrated on that one lock of hair.  Then the lightest touch of wintry lips to the curve of my neck.  “If you wanted to find me, all you had to do was ask.  I am at your service,” he said and bowed.  “Grey, knock that seduction crap off would’ya,” Anita snapped.  “Only if she wants me to,” he replied with a fiendish grin.  
I am supposed to do something here.  I can tell because they are both looking at me.  Oh, boy I really want to kiss him. Probably not what Anita was expecting me to do.  Why do I want to kiss him?  I like Finn. Really, I do.  At least usually I like him a lot, but right now I would like to…
Yeah, I’m definitely screwing something up judging by the way Anita is glaring at me.  “Grey, we need to ask you some questions,” I managed to blurt out.  Yes!  I have questions, that is why I’m here. Thank God, my brain still works, well, kinda.  “Is that really what you want to do right now, ask me questions?”  No, “Yes,” I managed to spit out.
Unaware I had taken a step toward him.  He put his hands on my shoulder, slid them leisurely down my arms, and took hold of my hands.  His gaze was mesmerizing; I couldn’t resist him any longer.  He let go of my hands, put them around my waist, and kissed me, first softly on the lips, then deeper, until I felt dizzy.  Then he pulled away and laughed, “You need to be more careful I could have had you if I wanted to.  They really planned this right, coming after you when you are so ill prepared.  We are seductive creatures; we can make you love us if we want you to.  Do not forget that,” he warned.
I scowled.  To be honest part of me was compelled by him, but on some level I was also genuinely attracted to him.  However, now I was just pissed off.  He thought he displayed his power for me, and showed my weakness.  It was time he saw a display of my power, and perhaps a small taste of my wrath.  That will show him not to use his damn vampire mojo on me.
I placed my hands in a diamond formation in front of me, with one hand on top of the other.  My eyes flashed green.  Anita saw my transformation and began to chuckle.  Luckily, as fast as Grey’s reflexes were he was too cocky to see what was coming.  I summoned an orb of swirling, pulsing energy and projected it towards Grey.  He flew backwards several feet and crashed into a tree.
I teleported over to where he was lying at the base of the tree, “Never underestimate me or the extent of my power.”   He tried to lunge at me, but I teleported away just as quickly.  I stood in front of him and looked him in the eyes, “You have no power over me.  You were able to kiss me, because unfortunately I dig the whole hot bad boy thing.  You shouldn’t forget for one moment I could set you on fire with one word.  Don’t piss me off again.”  
“Mmm…I like you,” Grey said with a smirk spreading across his face.  “I wanted to do this nice, but you are being very difficult.  I need answers, not games.  Start talking,” I opened my hand to reveal a large flame dancing off my palm.
Anita rapidly began to explain what we wanted to know, because she was afraid I would lose my temper.  Grey reached into his shirt and pulled out a St. Christopher’s medal.  Well that answered that question.  The religious symbol protected him against those who call on demons to perform their magic.  It didn’t have to be Christian, just something the wearer truly believed in. Demons and spirits could not act on him to complete the necromancer’s spells because they were afraid of the light and everything that symbolized it.
“Do you know why Anita and I are roommates?” I asked him.  “I knew one or both of you were in danger. I figured you would figure it out faster if you were together.  Not to mention, you are easier to keep an eye on this way.  So I broke into the housing office and rearranged your housing assignments,” Grey explained with a shrug.  That was two of my questions he cleared up, this was proving to be a very profitable excursion.  “Why are you looking out for us?  Do you know anything else you aren’t telling us?” I asked.  “Well I have reasons for keeping track of you, and I know plenty of things I am not telling you. But, that is for you to uncover at another time,” Grey said smirking.
He moved close, so close I could smell the fresh rain scent of his skin.  I wanted to touch him, but I wouldn’t give him the pleasure of knowing he was effecting me.  “Chèrie, do you want to kiss and make-up,” Grey propositioned.  “Eh, bien non.  Of course not.  I might be over you, for a while. But do go ahead and hold your breath, ” I snapped, and walked back towards the dorms.   
“Well played Grey.  She’ll be putty in your hands in no time,” Anita said smirking, then turned and walked off.  “I had underestimated Chloë. She is much more powerful than I realized.  I was so worried about what Grey could do to Chloë, I never considered what a witch that powerful could do to even the strongest vampire. Definitely something to remember,” Anita thought.
I could hear her thoughts, which was odd, but I didn’t have the brain space to figure out why just then.  Maybe I was so keyed up from using my powers, and because we were such good friends.  Maybe…. I’d figure it out, later.  I was still getting used to the world of weird (as Anita kept calling it) too, tomorrow I could figure this out. 
Anita caught up to me, and I put my arm around her shoulders.  “Is he always so temperamental?” I asked.  “He doesn’t like surprises, and your little exhibition of power back there was certainly a surprise,” Anita said laughing.  “Even I didn’t know you could kick his ass like that,” she continued still in awe.  “He ought to know what he is dealing with.  That was the lesson he thought he was teaching me.  Although, I have a feeling he was holding back.”  “I did love watching him smash into that tree,” she said with a chuckle in her voice.  
“So what next?” she looked at her watch, “it’s not too late yet”.  “Lemme think… how about we go back to the dorm, maybe play some pool, or see if our gorgeous neighbors are still awake.  How does that sound?” I proposed.  “Sounds like fun to me,” she said bouncing with excess energy.  “And uhm, can we forget about my momentary lapse in judgment?” I pleaded.  “You mean that steamy hot kiss with Captain Fang? Already forgotten.”  
Chapter Eight
	
Funny how obligations don’t pause when you have something serious going on.  Like I still have classes to go to.  I want to experience college, see what human girls my age do, but my life keeps interrupting my plans.  Making it to class seems trivial while I am trying to figure out why a group of sociopathic vampires is attacking my classmates. 
No, I don’t have a major, unless a major problem committing to something is a subject. Hell, it doesn’t seem like I can commit to having only one crush.  Academically, I am interested in Biology, but also deeply interested in History, or maybe Political Science.  Personally, I really like Finn, he is gorgeous and charming, but Grey is so…so…hot.  Eh, I’m a freshman; I have some time to figure it out.  
Anita on the other hand knows what she wants to do.  She is going to major in Communications, because she wants to make use of her enhanced abilities (to influence people), and go into Public Relations.  I hope someday to be as sure of myself as she is.
Ugh, and the issue of class attendance, well let’s just say it is a work in progress.  I am still going to have to go to those if I want to stay in college long enough to consider this a life experience.  Anita and I are not morning people. I mean hullo she is half vampire, which is why we relish that our first class doesn’t start until eleven.  If we continue to have covert missions late at night, we might not even make the eleven o’clock class.
Our first class was World History in the Language and Literature building.  If we walked out the back of our dorm we could be at the building (if we traveled at a normal human pace) in ten minutes or less.  It would have been nice to make up time by teleporting, or running for Anita , but any humans would have been seriously disturbed by our sudden appearance in the building’s inner courtyard.
Ordinarily we walked to class with Finn and Dean, but we had gotten up late this morning. No surprise.  We missed breakfast, and the boys had already left for class by the time we headed out.  I opened the door and found a note taped to it addressed to the both of us.  It read, Good morning sleepy heads.  Tried to wake you, but it was like waking the dead. (Anita snickered.) We hope to see you in class, Finn and Dean.
The classroom was tucked in the bottom floor of the oddly shaped building.  Only the periphery of the building had classrooms the rest of the first floor was consumed by an open outdoor courtyard.  There were bushes and flowers planted in the middle of the concrete walkway.  Each wing had to be accessed through separate doorways; one floor contained the offices for the History Department and the Foreign Language Department.  The other wing contained a computer lab, and a few classrooms. 
Our classroom was in the left corner of the bottom floor. It had no windows, and the only natural light came in through the doorway.  It was an odd shaped room with sharp corners, and an L-shaped arrangement of the students’ desks around the professor’s podium.  Luckily we made it to class on time, because there was no sneaking into this room.
We had just walked through the door, and Anita elbowed me in the ribs. She was motioning toward the back of the room with her chin. The guys were sitting in the back of the room.  I was mesmerized by the way the florescent light glinted off Finn’s thick, dark, wavy hair.  His ivory skin and deep blue eyes seemed to glow.  Dean sat next to him, thickly muscled, with dark honey blond hair, and wild green eyes.  They had a mystical aura surrounding them that had captured every female’s attention in the room.  It seemed all of the girls were trying to move close to them, even one I was fairly certain was a lesbian.  
I was disappointed to see none of the desks near them were available.  Despite that, Anita kept moving toward them.  She focused her gaze on the girls on either side of them and half-smiled.  Her expression managed to look menacing without showing her fangs.  Both girls immediately vacated their seats.  Finn seemed shocked by the girls departure, pleased, but shocked.  Dean on the other hand seemed amused.  Odd.
The professor began her lecture on the emperors of the Roman Empire.  She wove a lively tale of the highs and lows of one of the most advanced societies of the ancient world.  My head was filled with the origins of republican government, the debauchery of gladiator battles, and the horrors of Caligula and Nero.  
Fifty minutes later we were stuffing our books back into our bags.  Finn playfully tugged at Anita’s hair to get her attention, “That was an interesting method of getting the seat you wanted.”  “I guess they were just intimidated by me,” she shrugged.  Anita sniffed at the air and asked Dean, “Did anyone ever tell you that you smell like pine?”   
Anita looked pointedly at me, and my eyes flashed green.  She nodded at my recognition of her meaning. “Did you say pine?” I repeated.  Hmmm…interesting.  Dean smirked, like he didn’t care if we figured out his secret.  I had to hand it to the guy, he was nothing if not confident.  Anita sauntered up to him, leaned in, and sniffed his neck.  Dean put his large hand in her hair and tenderly kissed her forehead.   “We should talk later,” she whispered to Dean.  “Looking forward to it,” he answered.
Anita and I had theater next, to fill our humanities requirement.  We didn’t register together. Still, somehow we had both decided on our own that since we were good at pretending to be ‘normal’, acting shouldn’t be difficult. Not that there was much acting in this class, it was theater appreciation.  There were a couple of monologues to deliver, but mostly it was learning the basics of stage directions and how to read a script. 
On the way to class, I asked Anita, “That thing back there with Dean, are you sure?”  “Yeah, he’s the shape shifter,” Anita said with certainty.  I don’t know why I asked; I knew she was right.  
I liked Theater Appreciation, but it seemed to last longer than history. Good thing I wasn’t considering Theater as a major.  Today was the worst.  It’s hard to sit through a class when it seems there are more important things to do, like find out there was yet another supernatural practically living with me.  Plus I was starving.  But I made it through the entire fifty minutes.  I was one step closer to reaching my goal of not failing out of school.
“What do you want to do for lunch?” I asked as we picked up our bags to leave the Tower Theater, where our class was held.  I got turned around easily in this room.  The tiny theater was a round design, and entirely black: the floors, ceilings, seats, and the walls.  It is great for watching a play, but incredibly disorienting when leaving.  
Anita snickered as I turned from side to side trying to get my bearings.  “Ehmm,” she said pretending to clear her throat, and pointed to the exit behind me.  “Well, we all can’t have a nose for directions,” I said pointedly.  “I suppose not, but if you wanted to get out of here before your two hour break is over I thought I would help.”  She laughed briefly at her own joke, and continued, “So lunch?”
“Do you want to meet up with the guys?” I asked.  “No, I don’t want to see Dean until I can talk to him alone after class today.  Do you think we can avoid meeting with them without them getting suspicious?”  “Yeah, we can tell them we want to look over some monologues.  They are still a couple weeks off, but we still need to pick one out and memorize them.”  “That sounds like a good excuse, but hey, do we actually have to do that over lunch?” Anita asked alarmed.  I pulled a book of monologues for women from my bag.  There would be enough for both of us to choose one we liked.  “Two birds with this stone,” I said and I tossed her the book.  She scowled at me as we each took out our phones to text our excuses to Finn and Dean.
We didn’t have a problem with the guys.  Finn texted I should choose something from the Vagina Monologues. None of us had even read them, but he was juvenile enough to find that hilarious.  In fact I’m sure that is why they didn’t give us any trouble, at least Finn, because they were afraid they would have to listen to us read whiny female poetry, and discuss it at length.  Dean, I’m sure, was also waiting to speak to Anita until they were alone.  
Anita left for class, but I still had an hour break.  She got back to the dorm at three and I got back an hour later.  On my way up the stairs to my room, I saw Dean and Finn playing pool in the rec room on the main floor.  I waved and continued upstairs. I bumped into Anita on her way down.  “They are both downstairs.  Have you had a chance to talk to Dean?”   “No, I need you to distract Finn while I talk to Dean,” Anita schemed.  “I think I can manage,” I said.  
I turned around and sauntered into the rec room. Some girls from the second floor had come down the other staircase, and were doing their best to gain the boys attention.  Neither of them seemed to notice too much.  Still, I felt threatened.  Anita calmly walked over to Dean and whispered into his ear, “Ready to talk?”  Dean looked at her with a mixture of hope and concern, “I guess now is as good a time as any.” 
I put my hand on Finn’s shoulder, “How about we give them some privacy.”  “Any suggestions?” he asked waggling his eyebrows.  “Let’s head upstairs, unless you’re afraid of being alone with me?” We headed toward the back staircase, because it was not used as frequently.  
Between the second and third floors there was a wide space under the stairs.  Finn grabbed my hand and pulled me into the corner. He let go of my hand and grasped my waist.  With his other hand he gently stroked my cheek.  He pushed a strand of my hair from my face, and then fisted his hand in the mass of it behind my head. Firmly but gently he pulled my face towards him and kissed me.  There was warmth in his kiss, so much different from kissing Grey.  
I pressed my body against his, and slid my hands up his strong arms and onto his shoulders.  We kissed innocently and sweetly at first, lips brushed gently, light touches. I bit softly at his bottom lip. The kiss grew more urgent and passionate.   I wanted to touch his hair, so I slipped my hand into his wavy locks.  My hand gently graced the top of his pointed ear.  
Pointed?  How could this be?  They weren’t pointed the last time.  Finn sensing a change released my hair, and gave me a puzzled look.  Well hell, I might as well ask, because as far as I know human males don’t have pointed ears. “Finn, have you experienced any, uhm…changes lately?”  “Such as?” he asked hesitantly.  I fidgeted and unconsciously began to rub the top of my right ear.  “Well, like your ears becoming pointed?” “You noticed that, huh?” he said embarrassed.  “Is it new?”  “Yes, it is.  I know it is weird, but that isn’t all sometimes the weather changes around me.  I can’t figure any of this out,” he sighed, relieved to say it out loud.  “Don’t worry Finn, it isn’t weird.  Not to me at least, this might be hard for you to wrap your brain around though.  Let’s go to your room, and I will explain the best I can.”  
I pressed my hand against the window to gather my thoughts and I got a flash of what was transpiring between Dean and Anita.  They sat talking on a bench near a cluster of trees.  “So you’re a shape shifter,” Anita said.  “How long have you known?” Dean asked.  “I suspected it was you last night when I saw you in the tree because you smelled familiar, but when I smelled the pine on you in class today I knew for sure.” “How could you smell that?” Dean questioned.
Anita laughed, “Well, I have a secret of my own.  I guess since I know yours it is only fair you know mine.  Brace yourself,” Anita warned and grinned showing her fangs.  Dean tilted his head in thought, “I knew it was something, but I really wasn’t expecting that. I mean I’ve seen you out during the day. I thought you were a witch.”  “I’m only half-vampire.  It is a long story, but another vampire, who is sort of a friend, stopped my attack but I still half changed.  I have all of their strength and the appearance, but none of their weaknesses.  Well, almost none,” she said with a smile.  Dean bumped into her shoulder with his, “Aren’t we a pair?”  “Yeah, I suppose so,” Anita said with a smile.  
“Does Chloë know about you?” Dean asked.  Anita laughed, “Chloë…uhmmm….Lets just say your secret would be safe with her.  Anything beyond that and I should just let her tell you herself,” Anita said.  “Is there something you aren’t telling me?” Dean asked?  “Plenty, actually we should probably go talk to her because there is a situation she and I are in the middle of right now and we could use your help if you are willing.”  “Okay, you’ve peaked my curiosity about her now anyway.  Let’s go,” Dean said.  
“Are you all right?” Finn asked, pulling me from the vision. “Yes, just day dreaming again.”  I blinked my eyes several times to chase away the images of Anita and Dean.  Finn lightly brushed my hand, still trying to gain my full attention.  Warmth and a tingling raced through my veins.   It was like a static shock; it hurt, but I wanted to feel it again.
We ran into Dean and Anita coming in from the other staircase.  “We’ll talk later,” I whispered to Finn, and kissed him on the cheek.  His deep blue eyes flashed a brilliant electric blue.  How could I have ever thought he was human?  Anita cocked her eyebrow at me, and I briefly put my finger to my lips.  She nodded, understanding I would tell her later, and continued with the reason she came to find me, “Dean would like to talk to you.”  “Let’s go in then,” I replied.
The four of us entered the guy’s dorm room. “Anita said you could keep my secret Chloë.” I nodded yes. “If the girls are going to know then I guess I should tell you too Finn.” Dean took a deep breath and blurted out, “I am a shape shifter.”  “A what?  What the hell is a shape shifter?” Finn demanded.  The changes he had been going through, and hearing that his roommate can turn into an animal was driving Finn to his breaking point.  He was practically humming with fear and disbelief, while he listened to Dean’s explanation.
“I have the ability to turn into a cougar.  I mean I have to turn into a cougar, during the full moon.  The rest of the time I can do it when ever I want.” 
Finn started to pace back and forth.  “I’m lost.  I don’t understand any of this.” Finn turned to me, “How are you taking this so casually?” “Finn, what have your parents told you about your heritage?” I asked.  “Really you want to know what ethnicity I am? Okay, I’ll play along.  I don’t see how this helps anything, but we are Scandinavian and German.”  I tried to touch his arm to comfort him, but he pulled away and continued to pace. 
“When was the last time you spoke to your parents?”  “I…uh…haven’t heard from them since the day I arrived on campus,” he replied.  “What are their names?” I asked.  “Hans and Eliana Christiansen.  Why?”  “I’m going to call my mother.  She doesn’t know shit about being a mom, but things like this she knows.” 
Today I sensed otherness in Finn, the fact that I hadn’t sensed it at first, means a very powerful spell had been placed on him.  It had to be a glamour, a spell to make him look differently than normal.  I had been studying my spell books, more intensely since Vanessa disappeared, I didn’t want to be caught off guard again.
I pulled out my cell phone and called Marguerite, my mother. “Bonsoir maman, Can I ask you a question?” “Oui, bien sûr.  What do you want to know?” “Do you know Hans or Eliana Christiansen?”  “Chérie,” Marguerite said, “Are you consorting wit elves now?” Elves? I thought silently. “Have you heard from them?” I asked.  “No, chérie. Should I have?” she asked.  “Leur fils n’savait pas où ils sont. Can you look into it?” I requested.  “Mais oui chérie.  Eh, Finn does not know where his parents are?  Merde, there are others missing also.  Alors, I wouldn’t worry they are very powerful elves, oui.  Is there anything else?” she asked in her thick French accent. “No, rien.  You have answered my questions, mercí, maman. À bien tôt,” I said and hung up the phone.
Finn was staring at me through the entire conversation with my mother.  “Okay, later I am going to tell you how sexy it is when you speak French, but I have to process all this other stuff first. So, why would your mother know anything about my parents?” I took a deep breath. I was worried how he was going to handle this.  “Finn,” I began, “God, there is just no simple way to ease into this. Well here it goes…I’m a witch.” I raised my eyebrow and tried to gage his reaction.  It seemed he was sticking with stunned silence, so I continued, “My mother said that…” Finn held up his hand and cut me off.  And stunned silence was over. “You’re a what?” 
“I’m. A. Witch.  Can you handle this, ‘cause it is going to get a bit weirder before we are done.” This was so not going well.  “Witches and shape shifters?  Have you all lost your minds?  Is this some kind of joke, I mean come on, this stuff doesn’t exist.”  He was going to need proof.  
Hmm, what to do?  Then it occurred to me, a glamour spell kept all of this from him, it would only be right if I used a glamour to prove it to him.  I looked at Anita, studying her.  I grabbed my waist length, wavy, nearly black brown, soft hair into my hands and slid my hands down its length.  The color lightened to a mahogany with lighter caramel streaks. My waves straightened out, and the length contracted to the middle of my back. I waved my hand in front of my face, and my tan colored skin lightened to Anita’s unearthly golden porcelain color.  My full lips and angular cheekbones that indicated my Native American heritage softened and reflected the delicate features of her Hispanic heritage.  I wrapped my arms around myself, and shrank down to match her petite five foot two frame rather than my average five foot five.  
I walked over to Anita, who now looked like my twin and she smiled.  “Cool!” she squealed with excitement.  I turned to Finn and spoke in a voice that was still my own.  “Not a prank.  I know the world is different than you thought it was, but you still have a place in it.  Maybe even a bigger role than you ever dreamed for yourself.”  Finn turned to Dean and asked, “You aren’t going to turn into a cougar now are you?”  Dean laughed.  “No, I don’t think you guys want to see me take my clothes off.”
“I think I need to sit down,” Finn said.  Outside clouds began to gather, marring the perfectly clear sky from moments before.  I shook off the glamour, and went back to looking like myself.  I guess I had no choice but to press on.  “I don’t know how to do this.  To tell you gently so I won’t rip the ground out from under you.  You wanted to know what my mother said, right?” Finn nodded yes.  “Alright, here it goes, your parents are elves, very powerful elves actually.  That makes you an elf as well.”  “Really?  I thought it made me a dog.  Sorry, this is all too much,” Finn said, and let his head drop into his hands.
I took a deep breath, and continued.  “I know, and I am sorry for that.  I am even more sorry because there is more I have to tell you.  It sounds like your parents might have been taken.” Finn’s head shot up, “Was there a ransom note or something?”  I shook my head no, “No she didn’t really say anything, but she seemed worried when I said you hadn’t heard from them.  I could tell there is something bad going on, because she said there were others that have lost touch recently too. I asked my mother to search for them; right now she is the strongest witch alive, and the best one to search for them.  I know you might not feel like doing me any favors, but I have to ask you to do something for me. Please, don’t go running off by yourself.  I have been doing some research, and nothing I have found looks good.” 
Anita cleared her throat, “What research?  When did you figure all of this out?” “I have been studying during my long break between classes each day.  Look, there wasn’t anything to mention.  I started just trying to get caught up on my supernatural history, and find anything that would motivate vampires to openly challenge us.  I didn’t know supernaturals were missing too.  This has happened before according to the histories, but only when one group is trying to start a war. 
 Your parents are very powerful elves and it makes them a threat.  My mother mentioned others missing too, my guess would be other powerful members of the Council.  Elves are extremely powerful supernatural beings already, so the most powerful elves are quite formidable.  The vampires, and their allies would try to remove their biggest threats while they had the element of surprise.  I hope you know it isn’t always war and blood in our world, but between human’s prejudice and power-mad members of the supernatural world it is always best to watch your back. Anything you need, we are here.  Anita, Dean and I have been learning to deal with this for a year.”
Finn threw his hands in the air, “Anita too?  What are you a fairy?”  Anita laughed, “Nothing quite so cute.  I’m half-vampire.”  “So I’m an elf, Chloë is a witch, Dean turns into a cougar, and Anita is a half-vampire.  Did you drug me?” 
I raised my eyebrow in disbelief.  Finn’s lips began to quirk in his sexy half smile. “No, I know this is real. Please, don’t turn yourself into Dean now.  That would ruin some of my favorite dreams.”  I playfully punched him in the shoulder. 
“Seriously, can you handle this?” I asked.  “Do I have a choice?” Finn responded.  “No, you can’t change who you are.  You can choose not to be friends with a witch, a shifter, and a half-vamp, but you aren’t human, you never were, and never will be.  You are immortal, like we are.  No one else will understand, except for us.” 
 Finn reached out and gently stroked my chin, “I really do appreciate you explaining all of this to me.  I’m not trying to be anti-social, but I think I need a little bit of time to myself.”  “Understandable.  I will be here when you need me.  We all will be,” I said, and we left the room.  
Chapter Nine

The three of us headed next door. “I have lots of questions, but I think the biggest is: How did four supes end up randomly being assigned as roommates and neighbors?” Dean asked.  Anita scoffed, “It wasn’t random.” “Alright beautiful how did it happen then?”  
“Do you remember my friend Grey?”  “He’s the vampire you told me about right?  The one that rescued you?” Dean asked. “Yeah that one, and apparently saving me is a habit he has found hard to break.” “Why do you say that?” “Well, he broke into the housing office, to make sure we, as in the four of us, were protected when the vampires came after us,” Anita shrugged, faking nonchalance.  “I’m sorry…did you say vampires are coming after us?”  
“I think this is where I fill you in.” I told Dean about the history of the necromancers and that they were planning to take over the supernatural world using an army of vampires. “It makes sense. They are taking out the strongest of us before we have a chance to combine forces against them,” Dean observed.  
“Of course!  Why hadn’t I thought of that?  That must be why Finn’s parents have disappeared.  My mother said there were others missing as well.  If she is acquainted with them they are probably members of the Council.”  “Which means what?” Anita asked.  “Which means they are making sure we won’t have help when they come for us,” Dean stated flatly.
“So these abducted Council members are likely the most powerful of their kind.  I get going after them.  But why come after us?” Anita asked, while pacing the small space.  Dean grabbed Anita by her shoulders, “You are making me dizzy woman. Come sit next to me.” Anita sat on her bed next to Dean and snuggled into his side. 
“I think,” Dean continued, “they are trying to stop us before we mature to our full power.” “I know I sound like a broken record, but why us?” Anita demanded.  “I’ve heard of your mother Chloë.  If the stories I have heard are true then your father is an original.  Is it true?” Dean asked.  “Yeah, it’s true,” I answered. 
 “What is an original, and what does it have to do with us?” Anita asked in an increasingly irritably tone.  “It means, Chloë is becoming the strongest being alive,” Dean answered simply.  He waited to see if Anita would comment, and when she didn’t he kept going, “An original is one of the first supernatural beings created.  They were created along with the first humans.  There were a couple dozen of them, but most have gone on to guard the other dimensions.  The few who remained in the world became the parents to our races, through relationships with humans.  There is only one known child of a witch and an original. Chloë.”
“Okay, so someday Chloë might be the strongest being alive,” Anita began. “Except for my father,” I interrupted.  “Right, naturally except for him.  Why now, and why the rest of us?” Anita finished.  “Easy, together we can coordinate and amplify our abilities like a coven can.  Attacking us now, before our powers have matured and while we are still getting to know each other might be their only chance to defeat us,” Dean answered.
Still, something troubled me.  All of the stories I had heard said we were immortal. I don’t just mean we live forever. We do, but we are also indestructible.  How were they planning on immobilizing an indestructible enemy?  I didn’t have an answer for that.  One other question was nagging at me.  Why would a necromancer need to control Alexander to go after Anita, if that is what he wanted already?
“Anita, why do you think Alexander would need to be under a spell?  I mean if he wants to go after you anyway…”  “Right, I get it, he wouldn’t need to be compelled. Hmmm… Well, that is disturbing.  I’ll have to ask Grey,” she said thinking aloud.
Dean wasn’t paying attention to our side conversation, because he was engrossed in talking to his family on the phone. “They are going to join in the search for Finn’s parents.  My cousin, Cooper James has gone missing too.  They think it might be related.  They were preparing to search for him, and now they think if they search for all of them they might have better luck.” 
“What does your cousin turn into,” I asked absent-mindedly.  “A bear.  My aunt and uncle adopted him, because he was the last of his kind,” Dean answered, staring out the window.  “And the rest of your family?”  A sense of foreboding was filling me.  “We all turn into big cats.”  I shook my head, trying to make the fragments of ideas fit together.  “So your family, are they the strongest shifters?” I asked.  Dean nodded yes.
“Shit!” Dean exclaimed.  “Why didn’t I see it?  Finn’s parents are the strongest elves, my family is the strongest shifters, Anita is the only half vampire, and well you are also unique.  We were all brought together, each representing the strongest of our races.  Grey established us as a back-up Council.”  I nodded in agreement.  It seemed his mind was taking him down the same path mine had led me.
“Do you think he accidentally made us a target while trying to protect us?” I asked.  “Maybe, but I think we were likely already targets. Our families have probably been trying to solve this problem without our knowing about it, but put us together as a last resort.”  “I would love to believe that,” I began, “but this is just the kind of problem my mother would force me to handle alone to see how I deal with it.”
“Do you think there is any chance Vanessa is still alive?” I asked Anita.  She shuddered at a memory, her eyes glowed their odd mixture of bronze and reflective yellow, and her fangs slid out.  She hissed, “No.  She is not safe with Alexander.  He most likely killed her moments after he took her, if she was lucky.” “So there is no hope then?” Dean asked.  “We can only hope to prevent another murder,” Anita said severely.  I nodded my head, I was afraid of that.
“We need to get out in front of this,” Anita advised.  “Yeah, but first we need to figure out for sure what ‘this’ is,” I said.  “I think we should go hunting,” Dean said excited.  “Who are we hunting?” I asked him.  “Vampires,” he grinned broadly.  
“I agree, but finding the vampires won’t be enough.  We need the spells the necromancers have been using to control the vampires. Then I can craft charmed amulets and hide them into their clothing to counteract the spells.”   “What will that do?” Dean asked.  Anita bounced excitedly and started laughing.
“Vampires hate relinquishing control.  When they are released from the spell, they will turn on the necromancers, and finish the fight for us. Of course they will lose, since necromancers are true immortals, but I’m okay with that,” she said with a smile. There is one thing I don’t understand. I thought you said witches didn’t need to use any particular spells.”  “Necromancers exercise their will over other magical beings.  To do so requires specific spells.  That is the exception to what I had explained to you earlier.” 
“There is one thing I don’t understand. Immortals, except vampires, are supposed to be invincible.  You said vampires can die because they are a creation of another immortal, but how are they planning on eliminating us as a threat?” Anita asked.  “If we knew, we could use the same information against them,” I replied.  “Hmm…I hadn’t really considered it.  I guess I have been living with humans for so long I forgot about our essential nature.  Although, I have heard of children and young adults being killed in accidents, but I never really thought much of it,” Dean added.
“Are we born immortal, or do we become immortal when we have our full powers?” Anita mused.  “Now that is a good question. I have always taken for granted we were immortal, I never really thought about it.  I certainly don’t want to test it,” I answered.   Dean shrugged, “There has to be someone we can ask, and we will…later.  There isn’t anything we can do to figure it out right now. Anita you need to demand answers from Grey.  It sounds like he knows more than he’s told you.  And Chloë, how do we find the necromancers, or the spells they are using on the vampires?” 
“I think a little bird can tell me what we need to know,” I joked. Dean looked at me puzzled, so I explained, “I need to go out into the woods and find my hawk.”  “We should come with you to watch your back while you are in a trance,” Anita advised.  “Hey, I won’t argue with you.  It is getting dark now though, I won’t be able to find her until tomorrow.  I’m not really interested in finding a vampire.” Dean turned to Anita, “Did she say she wants to go talk to a hawk?”  Anita laughed, “See, I told you she was cool with all of this.”  
Dean stood up and headed for the door. “I’m going to go and see how Finn is doing.”  “Yeah, someone should check on him. Anita, do you want to go to the library and get a jump on the reading for history?” “Sure, might as well.  I don’t think Finn is really interesting in seeing us right now.” She turned to Dean and said, “Hey, stop by later and let us know how he is doing, okay?”  
“Is that the only reason you want me to stop by?”  Anita smirked, “Okay, stop by and see me later.” “But seriously if you don’t bring news I’ll turn you into a frog,” I threatened.  Dean smirked at me, and nodded.  Anita walked Dean to his door, and he kissed her softly on the lips before going in.  
I was jealous.  I told Finn I’m a witch, and he bailed. Okay, so he hadn’t bailed, but he didn’t turn to me either.  It was more than that though.  I could feel a separation growing between us. Anita and Dean shared their secrets, and their relationship kicked into high gear.  I felt…well…rejected.
“Things seem to be moving along well with the two of you,” I observed.  “They do don’t they,” she smiled.  “How are things going with Finn?” I gave her a puzzled look.  I mean seriously did she forget everything that happened this afternoon? “Uhm, I would say things aren’t great, since I had to tell him he isn’t human.  Kinda ruins the mood don’t you think?”  
“You do know getting with Grey would be a bad idea, don’t you?” Anita asked.  “No Anita, I don’t know that, since I don’t really know him.  Is that why you are quizzing me about Finn?  ‘Cause you want to make sure I’m not going to focus my attention on Grey?”
A few hours later Dean stopped by as promised.  His face was drawn with stress.  “Went that well huh?” I asked sarcastically.  Dean chuckled without humor.  “I would like to say he is doing well with the news, but I would be lying.  He didn’t even talk to me for about an hour, and then he said we were ‘cool’.  It was like he was forgiving me.  Shit, I really thought he was going to deal if we left him alone for a while. Chloë, I hate to say this, but he really seems to blame you more than the rest of us.”  “He seemed like he was handling all of this when we left.  He said he just needed time alone.  I was sure…I mean I thought…Hell, screw him. I didn’t do anything to him, except clue him in to something his parents should have told him.  If he wants to blame me for that then he can go…” “Chloë!” Anita shouted. “Whatever, we’ll see how this works out.  You know Anita, Grey is looking better and better to me.  At least he isn’t a hypocrite.”  I grabbed a jacket and stormed out.
The rest of the week was very awkward.  I noticed right away that Finn was ignoring me, and going out of his way to avoid me.  It only took one day for me to stop trying to talk to him.  I was hopeful, but I refused to be pathetic.
I saw he was loitering more frequently on the second floor, near the room of some particularly dim-witted cheerleaders.  He was sending a message to me that whatever was beginning to happen between us was over.  Well he wouldn’t find me crying and stuffing my face with chocolate.
By the end of the week, Anita and I needed to work on an assignment for history.  We went to the library after I got back from class, to consult reference books on the first floor.  When the quarter began we did our homework assignments with Finn and Dean, but with Finn avoiding me we split up.  
We settled down to complete the first assignment, early, at a long table near the windows in the stacks.  The reference books were tucked into the corner, next to floor to ceiling windows.  The thick books muffled almost all sound in this corner of the library.  Next to the nearly perpetually abandoned fourth floor, this was the creepiest place in the library.
 With everything going on we didn’t want to fall behind in our classes if we could avoid it.  It was best to get as much done in our spare time.  Plus staying busy kept my mind off of the fact Finn wanted nothing to do with me.  Finishing the assignment early guaranteed we wouldn’t have to run into each other here too.
We started filling out a worksheet designed to get us accustomed to the reference section and an exercise to learn the “Chicago Style” of bibliography (much different than the MLA system I used in high school).  
I hadn’t slept very well for the past few nights, and I felt my head begin to droop.  My eyelids were heavy and drooping, until a man knocked on the window.  We glanced toward the sound and saw a naked man pleasuring himself in front of us.  I shrieked.  I might be a witch that can fight with vampires, but I was still an eighteen-year-old girl, and not used to seeing naked men.  Anita ran to get the attention of the reference librarian and call the police.  Unfortunately, the sudden movement of activity spooked the naked man, and he streaked across campus before the police arrived.
I can’t imagine he could conceal himself easily, considering he was naked.   We gave as accurate a description to the campus police as possible. But, all I could recall was his pale, lumpy flesh, and his tiny member that was practically hidden by his hand.  I did not see his face, and couldn’t help the police much.  It wasn’t a total bust though, since Anita and I had seen him outside the window, they were able to gather evidence from the bushes.  Gross.
“I think I’m done studying now,” Anita announced.  “Me too, let’s go get something to eat.”  “You can eat?” She asked in disbelief.  “Ugh, I can try,” I answered unsure.  Other students were filing out of the library with us.  All of a sudden it didn’t seem like a peaceful place to study, for anyone.  
Behind us some girls were saying, “First that girl disappeared from Randall Hall, and then this creep shows up again.” The second girl replied, “Yeah, I’m sure it isn’t a coincidence.”  They were scared, hell so was I and I knew what was really happening.  It wouldn’t take much to send this entire campus into a panic.
We passed the dorm on the way to the dining hall, not that it was on the way, but because we were walking in a daze.  We ran into Dean and Finn on the way.  Anita was pleased, I was annoyed.  I would have loved it if Finn would talk to me and work things out.  It wasn’t my fault he didn’t know what he was.  I was more than a little pissed he was ignoring me too.
Dean ran over to Anita and spun her around.  She laughed and they kissed.  I smiled at Finn, and he turned around and ignored me. Great, still not going to get over it.  Well he could just screw himself then; I wasn’t going to bother with worrying about him anymore. 
“Dean, are we going to eat?” Finn asked.  “Ummm…yeah.  What about the girls?” Dean asked.  Finn shot him a cold glare.  I can tell where I’m not wanted.  I noticed a small movement under a large pine tree.  It was Grey, and he was motioning me to come talk to him.  God what great timing he has!  “Uhh…go on ahead with them Anita, I think I have another offer.”  “Chloë, think about this,” Anita said gravely.  “I’d much rather be where I’m wanted. I’ll see you later.”  I heard Grey softly chuckle in the distance.
“Oh, Finn, you are an idiot,” Anita sighed.   “I don’t know what you are talking about,” Finn seethed.  “Your loss then. You aren’t the only one that has ever had to deal with this shit you know.  But, you were born with it.  This supernatural life actually happened to me.  I used to be human, and now I crave blood.  Do you have any idea how disturbing that is?  No, of course you don’t, so quit your bitching, and accept who you are. Just get over it already. The sooner you do the safer you’ll be,” Anita ranted. 
 “Dean, I would love to have dinner with you, but I can’t deal with this.  Chloë is upset, and just went off with Grey.  I think I will get some food at the Deli and go back to my room and wait for her to get back.”  
“Will she be okay?” Dean asked truly worried.  “I think so, she kicked his ass last time, but she is, well you saw… he can influence her,” she stumbled for an answer.  “But I thought you said he was a friend,” Dean inquired.  
Anita released a frustrated sigh, “Yeah, kinda, but he is still a vampire. He lusts for blood more than anything else, and magical blood is the most intoxicating of all.  He is drawn to Chloë, for many reasons. I believe he is attracted to her, but I’m afraid he also wants to possess her.  Honestly, I don’t know if she is safe with him or not, and I have told her so more than once.” Anita kissed Dean on the cheek and turned and headed to the student deli.
“Do you like Chloë?” Dean asked Finn.  “I don’t know anything any more,” Finn answered.  “It sounds like this Grey is going to take her off your hands.  I guess you don’t have to worry. You won’t have to make that decision,” Dean answered sarcastically.  
“Do you have a problem with me?” Finn asked.  “Yes actually.  Ever since she told you what your parents were too scared to, you’ve been taking it out on her.  She didn’t lie to you, they did.  Now a hot, smart, powerful girl you have a lot in common with actually likes you, and you’re going to push her away?  You are several kinds of stupid.  You have no idea how hard it is to date when you are a supe.  There are so many secrets you have to keep now.  And, you have pointed ears!  Anita is right, get over yourself.  I’m going to get some food and catch up with her.  Unlike you I like being with a girl I can share my secrets with.  I’ll see you later.”  Dean stormed off to catch up with Anita.
I hate hearing people talk about me. I was ready to be away from Finn’s judgmental gaze.  I headed over towards where Grey was casually lounging against the tree, but I didn’t move fast enough.  In a blur of movement, Grey was instantly standing by my side.  “Impatient much?” I asked.  He chuckled, “I suppose for as long as I have lived I should have developed more patience, but I find when you are near it almost completely disappears.”  “Is that so?” I asked and took a tiny step away.  “Why must you move away from me?”   “I’m starving, would you like to go with me to a restaurant?  Can you, even?  I mean, oh hell, you know what I mean.”  Grey chuckled, “There is a small café downtown that has a decent wine selection, since you are too young to go to the wine bar.  How does that sound?”  “Lovely.” 
We headed out to my car, a green Nissan Z.  Too flashy for Ellensburg, but I only needed to hide my powers, not my money, and I loved that car.  At the restaurant the hostess sat us in a dark corner, and luckily it was unusually empty. This was perfect for us, since I would be the only one ordering any food, and our conversation might be odd if others overheard it.
“It seemed that young man, Finn, is rethinking his feelings for you.”   “That is a polite way to put it.”  “You have been hurt once already this evening, I do not see a reason to do it again,” he said tenderly.  “Thank you.  You’re right, though, I told him something his parents should have, and he is holding it against me.”  “Well then, Chloë, that makes him an idiot, and me incredibly lucky.”  He flashed his impossibly brilliant white smile at me.  It was blinding, and hypnotic.  I imagine it could also be terrifying, if I were human.
“So you would take advantage of me in a moment of weakness,” I teased.  “No, but I will take advantage of the fact he has momentarily cast you aside.  Eventually he will come to his senses, but I hope by then it is too late,” Grey stated coolly.  “How…mm…honest, of you to say so.  Although I don’t think I like the image of being cast aside.”  “I do not want us to begin on the wrong foot.  I mean to court you as properly as possible.”  I giggled, “That is both the most old-fashioned, and sweetest thing I have heard all week.”
“Ah, and it has been a bad week then?”  “Ugh the worst.  I found out people are missing, Finn has this meltdown, and…I have a feeling you already know all about this, maybe even more than I know.”  Grey smirked, with only half of his full lips quirking up, “I know many things. I would like you to tell me something though.  What sparked this, meltdown?”  “Well, we kissed last week, that is how I figured out that…what he is upset about,” I fumbled.  “You told him he is an elf.  I assume he now knows about you, Anita and his roommate as well.” 
Of course, he already knew.  “You put them together when you broke into the housing office too didn’t you?  I don’t know why I am asking.  I know you did.  Why though?”  “You are right, I did.  They can be of use, but if he refuses to accept his heritage, he will be more of a hindrance than a benefit.  On the positive side, this has driven a wedge between the two of you, so for now he is not a rival of mine for your affections.”  “Funny, if you were worried about that you would have kept him away in the first place.”  “I carried out this assignment before I met you.  It is hard to know how you feel about someone before you meet.”
“Anita doesn’t want us spending time together.  She says you’re a vampire, and even though you have helped us you can still be a danger to me.” He laughed.  It was filled with mischief and had a dark edge to it. “I have always wanted Anita to believe vampires are dangerous.  There was a time when she and I were very close, and I grew frightened she was becoming overly fascinated with the lifestyle of vampires.” He placed his strong white hand on mine, reassuringly, “It was not a romantic closeness, I looked at her only as the daughter I was never able to have, or the sister I lost nearly a thousand years ago.” I nodded in understanding.  He seemed compassionate, very different from the warnings Anita kept giving me.
Grey continued talking, “Anita’s parentage is somewhat of a mystery to her.  She knows her mother, but she has not seen her father since she was small.  It is apparent she doesn’t know much about him. Unfortunately, I am not at liberty to discuss what I know right now.”
My brow furrowed in confusion, “What does this have to do with Anita wanting me to stay away from you?” Grey smirked and tucked a strand of my hair behind my ear.  “You aren’t very patient are you? I’m getting to that part, and hopefully when I am done with my tale you will not agree with Anita.”  I raised my eyebrow, “Okay, but make it good.” Grey answered with a chuckle.
“Alright, where was I? Ah, yes, well…what worried me about her was the bloodlust.  We all get it, but I had no idea what to expect for someone who only half changed.  I’d never heard of a half vampire before. I have no idea what could happen to her if she gave herself over to it.  It could make her crazy, as if she were addicted to drugs.  I’ll do anything to prevent that.  I know I didn’t changer her, but I feel responsible for what happened to her nonetheless.
One thing I am sure of, if she gives into the bloodlust she will change. I am afraid she would become more vampire than anything else. I don’t want that life for her, and I don’t trust another vampire to look after her.  I couldn’t be with her until now, so I wanted her to avoid other vampires.  Now do you understand why Anita thinks being near me is dangerous?”
“I can understand why you made her think being near you is dangerous.  But, you didn’t really explain how you did it, or what you know about her father.” “I will explain everything, the very moment I am free to do so.  But, I will talk to Anita about it alone.” I shrugged, “I don’t have a problem with that.  I only want to make sure if there is something for her to know you will tell her. Why do you think this happened to her?  I have never heard of a half-vampire before.”   “Neither have I, and I’m still researching that.  I am very glad I put the two of you together.  You are a good friend to her.”
“Alright, I’m convinced you aren’t evil. So how do non-evil vampires survive?” He smiled deviously, “You mean what do I eat?” I nodded yes.  “I get blood from a friend at a blood bank.  I haven’t killed a person in several hundred years.”  “I believe you…but I’m not convinced I should spend more time with you, non-evil or not.”
“Can I kiss you?” he asked. “Why should I let you do that?”  “Because I am trying to convince you why you should spend more time with me.”  “Hmmm, well, I guess I should collect all the evidence before I make a decision,” I smiled, and gently stroked the side of his face. He leaned forward and kissed me gently at first, then deeply with his tongue caressing mine.  No more discussion was necessary, and I didn’t need any more convincing.

Chapter Ten

“I’ll walk you to the door,” Grey said as he closed my car door in the dorm parking lot. I cocked my eyebrow and allowed green sparks to dance at the ends of my fingers.  “I think I’ll be okay.”  “I know you will, but the gentlemanly thing to do is to walk you to the door.”  He reached out and lightly brushed his bone white finger over the top of my hand.  I turned my hand over, and he laced his fingers with mine.  
I played with my keys at the door, trying to extend our date even just a couple of minutes. Grey moved closer to me, “Can I kiss you goodnight?”  “Are you going to ask every time you want to kiss me?”  He smirked, ran his finger across my lips, tipped up my chin and then leaned in and kissed me lingeringly.  “Good night beautiful Chloë.” “Mmmhhmm,” I incoherently replied.  He chuckled and vanished out of sight.
I entered the lobby and saw Finn sitting on one of the uncomfortable sofas with a small crowd of girls.  All bleached blondes, with push up bras, too much make-up, and too little clothing.  I’m sure he was interested in them for their witty conversational skills.  
I gave him the best fake smile I could muster, and nodded, but Finn barely acknowledged my presence.  I no longer cared, much. Most of the girls glowered at me venomously. They may be dimwitted human trollops, but they could still sense my power.  My paranormally enhanced beauty was not inspiring them to like me either.  I try not to flaunt it, most of the time, but it doesn’t mean they don’t notice just the same. 
I climbed the stairs, opened the door to my room, and walked in on Anita and Dean waiting to ambush me.  This day certainly had its ups and downs.  “Have you lost your freaking mind?” Anita demanded.  “No, and I had a really good time, mom,” I replied sarcastically.  “I thought I told you, that you understood, about the dangers involved in associating with a vampire, not to mention dating one,” Anita ranted.  “I appreciate your concern, but I want to find out if there is more than just physical chemistry between Grey and I.”  “Chemistry?  I can’t believe you let it get this far.  So is there no way to talk you out of this?” Anita asked.  “None,” I answered flatly.  
“I have a question,” Dean interjected, “Finn doesn’t have a chance with you anymore, does he?”  I narrowed my eyes. That was hitting below the belt. I mean seriously, I didn’t cause this rift.  
“Dean, I don’t think he wants to have a chance with me.  He’s down stairs, right now, with a bevy of blondes. All rocket scientists, too. C’mon, he didn’t even acknowledge I was there when he saw me, and he did see me. I’m not one to sit around and wait to see if he gets out of this funk.  You know if I really give it some thought, I’m not sure I am willing to give him another chance.  I guess that is a long way of saying no, he doesn’t have a chance.”  
“You’re going to choose a vampire over him?” Dean asked.  I laughed briefly, “I am choosing a man interested in me over someone who could care less.  I am choosing someone I am interested in, over someone who seems to think I have the plague.  You tell me, is that wrong?” 
“I don’t think so,” Grey replied.  Anita turned quickly toward the window, “Damn it Grey! You have to stop coming in like that!” Grey bowed slightly toward Anita, “Terribly sorry if I frightened you, but I have urgent news.”  “What is so important you couldn’t use the door?” Anita asked irritably.  “Another student disappeared tonight.  This time from the fourth floor of the library.” 
Dean glared suspiciously at Grey, “How did you find out about this?”   “Calm down shifter, I didn’t cause the disappearance.”  I moved next to Grey and grabbed his hand.  “What happened?”  He gave my hand a slight squeeze. 
“I was going to my car, after I left you at your dorm. I saw the police around the library, on my way to my car and I decided to take a closer look.  I heard them talking to a couple of students about a young man in their study group.  He had stepped away from the group to fetch a book and never returned.  They called the police because he left all of his belongings at the table with the other students.” “We should probably go and see if this is connected to Vanessa’s disappearance, and if there is any evidence of magic,” I stated.
“Go tomorrow.  The library is crawling with police tonight.  Access to the fourth floor is nearly impossible,” Grey advised.  “Should we ask Finn to join us?” Dean asked.  Grey scoffed.  I shook my head at Grey, discouraging him from saying anything around Dean.  “No. I don’t think he would want to anyway.  Besides he doesn’t know how to use his powers, and he would just slow us down.  This isn’t the time to learn,” I answered.  
Grey nodded at me and smiled.  He wanted me away from Finn.  That irked me, but I wanted that also.  However, I would not tolerate being controlled. My mother tried it, and then my sister when I left France.  I decided right then I would enjoy his company so long as it was enjoyable.  After all, I’m only eighteen.   
Chapter Eleven

At seven the next morning I awoke to insistent knocking on the door.  Bleary eyed, I opened the door in my green silk pajamas. I was prepared to yell at whoever woke me up, until I saw Dean, wide-awake, holding three cups of coffee.  I smiled at him.  Never bite the hand bearing coffee is my motto.  “Thank you.  You are an angel among men.” 
Dean looked over at Anita, who had tossed her covers over her head. “Not much of a morning person is she?”  I laughed, “Do you know many vampires that are?”  “She is only half-vampire,” Dean pointed out.  “Yeah, well her vampire half prefers to stay up all night.”  “Don’t talk about me like I can’t hear you,” Anita growled.  
“Dean, why exactly are you waking us up at this ungodly hour anyway?”  “We need to go check out the library before too many people have gone through there, remember?” “Oh, right. Damn.” “We need to get dressed,” I told Dean.  “Better hurry up, besides you two are already prettier than all of the other girls here.”  Anita reached out her hand, “Well then you better hand me that coffee”  “Hang out we will be back in twenty minutes,” I said.  Anita and I grabbed our toiletries and clothes and headed for the girls bathroom.
“Another disappearance. I knew this was going to keep happening, but I don’t think I will get used to it.  If I had something they touched I might have a chance at seeing what they were planning.  I feel so useless.  Now two innocent people are likely dead, and I don’t know why.”  “Only if they are lucky,” Anita said under her breath.  “What was that?” “I said if they are lucky they are.  You don’t want to imagine what Alexander will do if he decides to take his time.  He is a truly sadistic bastard.”  We finished dressing in silence, and hurried back out to Dean.
“Is there a reason I am being kept out of this?” Finn asked coldly, as he stepped out from behind a pillar of the library entrance.  “Definitely. You have made it quite clear you do not want to accept what you are.  Also, you don’t seem to want to talk to either Anita or myself.  So we assumed you wouldn’t want to help with this,” I told him.  “You didn’t give me the choice.  This could affect me too, am I wrong?”  “No, you’re right, but you have to accept you are one of us before you can really be any help.” 
Finn pushed back his thick hair, to show the top of his pointed ear. “It isn’t as if I have a choice, but to accept what I am.”  I smiled at him and touched him gently on the arm.  “Relax, you aren’t deformed, you’re an elf.” “Yeah, that is what every normal boy grows up dreaming to be,” Finn responded with disgust. 
“You don’t know what it means to be an elf, because you wouldn’t hear an explanation.  Elves, fairies, pixies and nymphs have magic that effects nature. All other races, especially humans, are drawn to elves because of that magic. You personally belong to the strongest elvin family there is.  This is nothing to be ashamed of, and everything to be proud of,” I snapped.  “Then why did my parents keep it a secret?” Finn bit back.  “That is a question only your parents can answer, but we have to find them first.  So if you want to help, help, otherwise get the hell out of my way.” 
“How is searching the library going to help me get my parents back?”   “If I am right, then they were taken to prevent you from discovering your abilities.  There are necromancers and vampires after all of us and we need to figure out why.  We also need to figure out where these missing students come into their plan.  So if you don’t mind I would like to start investigating before someone else goes missing.”   He nodded, “Alright, I am ready to learn.” “Fantastic, I guess we will have to find time to teach.”  I spun around and stormed into the library.
The four of us used the stairs to go up to the fourth floor instead of the elevator, that way Anita and Dean could gage if there were any scents that did not belong.  Once we made it to the fourth floor, the odor changed from antique texts and dust, to a mingling of the dry scent of vampires.  Anita’s fangs pushed out when she caught hold of the scent. She ran deep into the stacks in the back where hardly anyone ever goes.
“We better catch up with her.” My eyes flashed green, and since no one was on the fourth floor I teleported to where I sensed Anita had stopped.  “Do they always get around like that?” Finn asked Dean.  “You’ve known them as long as I have,” Dean shrugged.  “Can you smell that?” Finn asked.  “Clean, like rain, but also dry and really strong?” Finn nodded yes. “Yeah, I smell it. That is the smell of a vampire,” Dean explained.  “Not what I would have expected.”  “Well, they don’t sweat.  Their skin is hard, and cold.  So they smell like being outside.  But for some reason the smell that lingers is the smell of rain,” Dean answered.  “How do you know that?” Finn asked confused.  Dean chuckled, “I spend all of my free time cuddled up to Anita. She smells like a spring shower.” 
Finn gestured toward the direction Anita and I went, “Should we go over there?”  “Might as well. We can’t let them have all of the fun.” They walked to the back of the room where Anita and I were examining a shelf that appeared cleaner than the others.  I pointed it out to the guys.  “Look, no one would clean only one shelf would they?” 
The smell also seemed to linger in this spot.  I waited for Anita to explain what she told me, but she stood there staring.  “Anita says she is sure a vampire came up from behind the student here and pulled him back into the janitor’s closet in the back corner.”  “We should check it out,” Anita said in a flat trance-like voice.
Grey was right, this really was the perfect time to investigate.  Not only was the trail still untainted, but the librarians weren’t even up here at this hour.  We made our way over to the closet, and I unlocked it with my wand.  “What do you expect to find in here, a body?” Finn asked uncertainly.  “No, nothing like that. I hope I can find a trace of magic, or maybe Dean and Anita can pick up the vampire’s scent.” I peeked inside and on the ceiling was access to the roof.  “That is how they got him out,” I said pointing to the panel on the ceiling.  
“We can’t talk here.  Let’s go get breakfast,” Anita suggested.  “Anywhere specific?” I asked.  “Lets go somewhere off campus, there are too many students up and about right now,” Anita suggested.  We all climbed into Dean’s truck, and headed for the Chateau, a popular restaurant and bar in town.  At this hour only a few of the regulars were there. Mostly they were old men that come in after an early morning of fishing to catch up on the town gossip.
“Why did we have to come all the way off campus this morning?” Finn asked.  “I thought it was time you all knew who we were up against. You are hearing some of this for the first time Finn, so I’ll catch you up later. I told you Alexander is behind this, but a name doesn’t tell you anything. You need to know what he is like. I’m not sure our plan is going to work like we had discussed before,” Anita said.  I took a deep breath and prepared myself for the worst.  “Perhaps you better enlighten us.”  
Anita took looked down at her hands.  “After we order I will tell you everything. I really don’t want a human to overhear this story.”  While we waited we caught Finn up on what he had missed in the last week.  We only had to wait fifteen minutes, and then it was time for Anita to tell us her story.
Chapter Twelve

Anita closed her eyes, and exhaled forcefully.  When she reopened them they were glowing a fluorescent yellow, like an animal’s reflecting light at night.  She grinned showing her fangs.  “I wasn’t born like this.” The theater class was bringing out her dramatic side.
“The summer before my senior year I went to visit some friends that were going to the University of Washington.  I liked to party, I was immature, and in with the wrong crowd. Naturally, when they suggested we go out I thought it was a great idea.  We were having a lot of fun, except I had drank too much.  I did many things back then I’m not proud of,” she looked nervously at Dean.  The corner of his mouth quirked up, “I don’t scare easily, and I’m not going to judge you.”  
Anita smiled in relief, and continued with her story. “Okay, so there I was really wasted, at a random college party, and I couldn’t find my friends anywhere.  I was standing in the corner, feeling sorry for myself, until I met this gorgeous college guy, or at least I thought he was in college.  He was mesmerizing, tall, with dark blonde hair and golden brown eyes.  
I’m not really sure why, but when he asked me to leave with him, I did.  I’ve never done anything like that before. Other stupid things yes, but leaving with a stranger…no nothing that stupid. I wish I hadn’t that night. That is all it takes though, one mistake, one bad decision.  I try not to hold myself responsible for what happened next, logically I know it wasn’t my fault, but it was completely avoidable.
It didn’t take long to realize he wasn’t interested in me romantically.  I figured that out as soon as we got inside his place and he knocked me out.  Anyway, I woke up chained to a wall.  I’m not even sure how many days I was kept prisoner.  Every night he bit me, forced me to drink his blood, tortured me, and then left.  
At first I didn’t want to believe what he was.  I mean what ordinary human would believe there really are vampires?  Not me.  I thought I was going crazy.  When I started to change, I realized the true horror of my situation.  He wasn’t just going to kill me he was going to make me undead.  
By the second or third day the sun started to sting my eyes.  I could hear people talking outside of the building.  I could smell everything.  I could see in the dark.  My teeth were growing.  I wanted to die then. I did not want to become one of them…the same as him. I began to wish more for my death than my freedom.  I heard the people, humans, come into their…I guess you would call it a lair.  I could hear their screams, and I could hear when their hearts stopped beating.  I prayed, but I didn’t think God would listen to me anymore.
Four days later, Grey came and broke the chains free from wall.  He helped me escape from the house, and stayed with me until I could control myself again.  He kept in touch with me to help me with the transition.  With his help I learned to live with what I am.
The vampire that abducted me was Alexander.  He is a master of seduction.  He can lure any person away and make them feel like it was their idea.  When I was held prisoner I learned a few things about him.  For example, he wants to increase the population of vampires to keep pace with the other supernatural races.  Since they cannot breed they have to add to their ranks by taking strong and intelligent members of the human race.  I suspect this is his motivation for taking students.  I am beginning to worry he is working with the necromancers to accomplish his own goals.” 
“I suppose it is possible, but it doesn’t explain why one of the vampires I saw was under the spell of the necromancers.  We need to ask Grey what he thinks,” I said.  “Certainly, lets ask the dead guy,” Finn mumbled.  “He has been helping us.  Do you have a problem with that?”  “Of course he is helping us, so he can help himself to you,” Finn answered snidely.  “That is none of your business. You made your feelings quite clear.”  “Like you even waited to find out.”  “Yeah, you were really broken up about it. Is that why you surrounded yourself with blondes? No, it couldn’t be that because that happened first.”  Finn’s jaw dropped, and he didn’t reply.  “That’s what I thought.”
I reached into my purse and grabbed some cash and tossed it on the table.  “Sorry guys, I have a few hours before class, I’m going to go clear my head,” I said to Dean and Anita.  I stormed out of the door and headed the mile and a half back towards campus.  I vaguely noticed Finn get up to follow me.
“Chloë, would you stop please?” Finn begged.  “Finn, I don’t know what you want from me.  For the last week you have barely acknowledged my existence.  And for someone who doesn’t want to recognize they are an elf, you are certainly enjoying all of the amorous attention it has been bringing you.”  “I guess I deserve that.  Are you really going to date the vampire?” 
I laughed nervously. “It’s funny because you needed time to figure things out, and now I do.  I just don’t know if I can deal with all this drama right now.  I mean you totally blew me off, and we are going to go through a lot worse before this is all over.  If I am going to be with someone, I want someone who isn’t going to flake out on me when things get too stressful.” 
I turned my back on him and continued to walk toward campus.  Finn made an irritated sound and continued after me.  I could feel his mood darkening, literally.  The sky was clouding over, a rumble of thunder bellowed from the sky, and the wind began to gust.  I stopped in my tracks and turned around.  “Finn calm down.  Don’t you see what you are doing? You have to learn to control your powers.  Really, look at the sky it was sunny a moment ago.” Finn caught up to me, and I reached out and grabbed his hand.  Suddenly the clouds dissipated, and the winds died down.  
“I can control the weather?” Finn asked amazed.  “It would seem so.”  “Are my powers connected to the way I am feeling?” “That is usually how it works, with me at least.” 
Finn pulled me to a stop with the hand he was still holding.  “Can we be friends?” “Sure, I don’t see why we can’t try at least. But, that is all I can offer you for now.”  “For now?” Finn asked curiously.  I smiled. “Finn, my mother says when you live forever you should never close doors you might want to reopen.” “Do you think you might want to reopen this door?”  I laughed. “We’ll see.” “I can live with that,” he answered.  “Walk me back to campus?” He laced his fingers with mine, “Yeah, I’ll take what I can get.”  
I narrowed my eyes at him, and he smirked at me.  “You didn’t say I couldn’t make you want to re-open that door sooner.”  I shook my head in amusement.  “I can see how this friendship is going to be.  You, Finn Christiansen are going to be a pain in the ass aren’t you?”  “An adorable pain in the ass, irresistible even,” he teased.  “Mhhm, we shall see.”
Chapter Thirteen

“Chloë, what are we going to do?  We always seem to be one-step behind these, uh, necromancers.  Is that the right word?” Finn asked.  “Yes that is the right word, and I agree we are always one step behind.  Truthfully, I don’t know a lot about them yet.  I was still learning about my own powers and working on getting stronger.  I only learned a little about the other supernatural races.” “I was thinking, Dean said something about all of us being from the strongest families of our race,” Finn began.  “Yeah, that is true.”  “Alright, so someday the four of us might be the strongest of our kind.  If you were going to stage an uprising, you don’t want to wait until the strongest take over.  You strike when you have the best advantage, when there is chaos, confusion, and weak leadership,” Finn reasoned.
“That is exactly what I was thinking. Except I wouldn’t say leadership is weak in the Council,” I argued.  “What if the Council was dealing with missing members?” “I can see your point, that would weaken leadership. We are going to have a lot of work to do, Finn.  We have to keep up with our classes, rapidly learn to use our own powers, and find out about necromancers.  Are you up for this?”  
“Do I have a choice?” Finn asked.  I looked him in his dark blue eyes, and shook my head.  “They will come for you anyway, but we could try and stop them. I don’t want to make you fight this battle.  I would do that for you if that is what you wanted.”  “No this is my fight too.  I can’t let girls fight in my place, even if you are both frightening to mess with,” he said with a wicked grin.  “And you are only guessing, you have no idea what Anita and I are capable of,” I said with a wink.  “That sounds like an invitation.” 
“That isn’t something you want to be on the other end of trust me, or ask Grey,” I said, reminding him we were only friends.  “Egh, I would like to forget about him.  Did you really kick his ass?”  “Yes, I did.  Sorry I didn’t mean to remind you.  Uh, maybe I did, but it isn’t like he is my boyfriend.  I’m not really sure what I want right now is all.”  “Well at least he has gotten on your bad side too.  I guess that is reassuring.”
“We are going to have to keep out of the attention of the police while we are checking into these missing students.  I wonder what they think about the guy who went missing last night,” Finn said changing subjects.  “Hmm, good point.  Let’s see…” I said as we neared a convenience store.  “I’ll go in for a paper.”
The front page of the Yakima Herald had a story about the two missing students from Central Washington University. It was rare when Ellensburg made the paper, especially the front page.  The young man who went missing from the library, Steven McCall, was a college junior.  He had arrived at the library, before the “flasher” as the newspaper called him (although he was more colorfully known as the “masturbator” on campus), and disappeared around the same time the “flasher was seen by two freshmen females (wow, that would be Anita and myself).  The picture of Steven McCall could match the “masturbator”, he was pale and not very muscular.  I might even have thought it was him, except for the fact I knew he was taken off the roof of the library by a vampire.  The newspaper did not exactly say the police considered him a suspect, but it was implied.  
“Look at this,” I said and handed Finn the paper.  He quickly scanned the article, and then handed it back to me.  “This is a load of shit!  So the police are looking for this Steve as the ‘masturbator’ not as a missing student?”  “The worst part is this flasher is going to keep getting away with what he is doing since they are looking for the wrong guy.  And this flasher might be dangerous too.  What are they going to do if they do come across Steven McCall?  I’m pretty sure the missing students have been turned, so they would be in incredible danger if they do find him.  How is the Council going to hide police being drained by the campus ‘masturbator’?”   
“Let’s just get through today, and we’ll figure out something,” Finn reassured.  I stared off in the distance; tears were welling up in my eyes.  “I feel like everyone is looking to me to stop them, and I just don’t know how,” I admitted.  Finn placed his arm around my shoulders, and pulled me to him.  “You aren’t alone in this, we are with you, and we will figure this out together,” he soothed.  “Thank you,” I whispered.
“Okay, Finn, I think this friend thing might work after all.  So now it is my turn, there is something you want to ask me isn’t there?”  “I don’t want to cause you more stress, but…well… I was caught off guard when you told me I’m an elf. My parents take trips all the time, at first I just didn’t really believe they could be missing, but they have always answered my messages. Now, I think they are missing.  Has your mom heard anything yet?”   
“I haven’t heard anything. I’m sorry.  Don’t worry though; my mother doesn’t keep in touch very well.  How about you? Are you close to your parents?”   “My parents are hard to get close to.  They are very reserved, and private, even from me.  It always seemed they never planned to have a child, and just went about their lives as if nothing much had changed.  I suppose they were keeping a lot more from me than I realized.” 
“Do you know how old they are?” I asked.  “I think they are in their early forties.  Weird, now that I think about it they don’t really look older than their mid twenties, but they have to be older than that.  How do I not know how old my parents are?  What am I saying, until last week I thought they were human, so not knowing how old they are is probably not a huge thing,” Finn laughed humorlessly.  “I can sympathize with what you described.  My mother is over five hundred years old. Of course, she only looks twenty-five too.  Unlike you, I have always known I was a witch, even before I had my powers.  
My mother and I aren’t close at all.  I am a trinket, a novelty, only brought out for special occasions as an ornament for her personal glory, the crown jewel of her dynasty.  Any other time and I am shipped off to wherever is most convenient for her.  I lived with my brother for a while, but he is a lot like my mother, three hundred years old and completely self-absorbed.  Most of the time I went to stay with my sister, she has a young family and we get along well enough.  We don’t have the same father, and I’m not even sure she likes me, but she tolerates me better than my mother does. That is actually how I ended up in Washington, because my sister lives in Bellingham.”
“That sounds difficult,” Finn sympathized.  “I didn’t know any different.  My fear is I will turn out like them the longer I live.”  “Like them.  I take it your father is the same way.  You didn’t mention him.  You do know who he is right?”  “There isn’t much to mention.  My parents had an on-again off-again romance for a long time, like centuries, but it pretty much died out when I was ten.  I haven’t seen much of him since.  I visited him a few times when I moved in with my sister, but only short very impersonal meetings.” 
“Is that what it’s like to be one of us?”   “I don’t know.  My mother always told me I was special.  She kept me away from most of her friends.  She never wanted anyone to know what I was capable of.  I guess she was protecting me, but it always felt like isolation,” I admitted.  “I refuse to believe it has to be this way.  I see it has been for both of us, but it can be different.” “I hope you are right.” 
We walked the rest of the way back to campus in silence.   We got back to the dorm, an hour before class.  One of the girls that had been vying for Finn’s attention saw us come in together and scowled at me.  “Looks like the witch is back,” she mocked.  I laughed hard, and had to fight hysterics.  I looked at her and smiled brightly.  Finn reached out and reclaimed my hand, and pulled me toward the stairs. 
“Why did you laugh so hard when she called you a witch?” Finn asked.  “I’m not sure.  It has just been a long couple of days.  I guess some bobble-headed bimbo calling me a witch, to hurt my feelings, pushed me over the edge. It was funny to me because she has no idea she is only calling me what I am.  What was I supposed to do, call her a human?”  “You have an odd sense of humor,” Finn teased.  “I know, it’s a witch thing,” I said laughing again.  
“I just need to grab my book bag, and then do you want to get a coffee?” I asked.  “Sounds good,” Finn agreed.  I unlocked my door and found Dean and Anita taking advantage of the extra time before class.  “Whoa, put something on the door would’ya,” I teased.  “Hey we’re dressed,” Anita said defensively.  Dean just laughed.
“It looks like you two are getting along again,” Dean observed.  “We worked things out,” Finn affirmed.  “And we are going to get a coffee.  We will see you in class,” I said with a wink.  “Yeah, yeah, get out already,” Anita urged.  “Okay, see you in class if you can pull yourselves away, have fun.”  Anita launched a pillow at me as I closed the door.

Chapter Fourteen

We all made it to History, although Dean and Anita walked in just as class was starting.  I tried not to glare at the girls who were paying more attention to Finn than they were to the professor, but I was only mostly successful.  It was easy to ignore how confused I was though as soon as Dr. Anderson began delivering her lecture.  I took notes feverishly, and before I knew it the class was over.  
“Are you ready to deliver your monologue today?” I asked Anita on our way to the theater.  “Sure am,” she said with enthusiasm.  She chose a piece from Les Liasons Dangereux, because the, “characters are so twisted and immoral.” Dean said, “At least it isn’t the Vagina Monologues.” I still had never bothered to read a word of them, but the boys were still amused by their joke. In fact they were still laughing when they left us outside the Tower.  I was doing Shakespeare’s A Midsummer Night’s Dream. I couldn’t resist a play with all of that magic.
Anita made full use of her powers of hypnotism during her performance.  She used her voice and mannerisms to lull them into a trance.  She could really work a crowd.  Thank God she was not succumbing to her bloodlust, because every person in here would follow her wherever she led them.  
Not to be outdone, I layered my voice with magic.  Everything I said they could picture clearly, except they thought it was their imagination.  After Anita and I were done, no one wanted to volunteer to go next.  The instructor didn’t insist on anyone following us either.  
I went to the rest of my classes and returned to the dorm exhausted from waking up earlier than I had anticipated that morning.  I knocked on my own door and Anita shouted, “You are just so funny!  Come in already.”  “I am so tired!” I exclaimed, and flopped down on my bed.  “No kidding.  I hate getting up early, but I can’t say I hate spending a few hours with Dean before class,” Anita waggled her eyebrows. 
 “You two were…uhm…involved when I came to get my books.” Anita laughed, a little embarrassed.  “Things are progressing nicely.  He is so sweet.  I have never met any one like him before.  He seems so protective of me, which is wonderful and odd since I can totally take care of myself.  But I like it anyway. Enough about me, what is going on with you and Finn?”  “I’m not sure.  It’s weird because we have only known each other for a few of weeks, but it felt like he was mine.  Which is totally stupid because he wasn’t.  He was totally a jerk, but he hadn’t promised me anything, so…I don’t know, I guess we are friends now.”
“Friends with benefits?” I took a cue from her and tossed a pillow at her, “No.  Friends, plain and simple.” “So then what is going on with you and Grey?” Anita asked.  “He is gorgeous, charming, and a great kisser,” I gushed. 
“Oh Chloë come on!  He is a vampire.  You have no idea what you are messing with,” Anita chided.  “You might not know him as well as you think you do,” I argued.  “He can be anything he wants to be for you Chloë, try not to forget that,” Anita warned.  “I hope he can be anything I want him to be,” I said raising an eyebrow.  Anita laughed, “You are horrible.” 
“We should go to the dining hall before we fall asleep and the dinner service is over.  I really hate wasting my meal units at the convenience store,” I complained.  “Especially since you only end up choosing Ben and Jerry’s anyway. I’m going to go see if Dean is ready to go.  Do you mind if Finn comes too?”  “No. Like I said, we’re friends, it is a weird friendship, but we are friends nonetheless.”
Anita paused by the door and looked at me with her eyebrows scrunched together.  “Hey, uhhm…Finn told me about your family.  I hope you aren’t mad.  I wanted to tell you though that if you need to talk, I’m here,” Anita offered.  “Why did Finn tell you about that?” I asked annoyed.  “He wasn’t trying to tell your secrets, he wanted to know more about supernatural families.  I really couldn’t help him though.  After all, I was born human.  Dean said his family is very close, all the shifters he knows are.  Then again, they have a pack mentality so they are closely knit.”  “I understand why he talked to you about me then.  I’m not mad.  That is interesting about Dean’s family.  I am really glad at least one supernatural race has close families.  Do you know why your dad took off?” 
“I had the misfortune of being born Anita Sanchez.  My father doesn’t have the excuse of being slowly desensitized by living for hundreds of years.  In fact it is the most pathetic reason of all, my father falls prey to being a stereotype, a father who abandoned his family.  That is my story.”  “Is that what your mother says?” I asked.  “No.  She says I will understand him more when I get older.  I don’t agree, so we don’t talk about it.”  
“Aren’t we just the dysfunctional group?” I added.  “Yeah I guess so,” Anita said with a half smile.  “Do you think that bird of yours might have a clue where Finn’s parents are?”  “I’m not sure. She usually comes to me when she has a message; I’ve never gone looking for her before.  I suppose there is a first time for everything though.” 
I reached for the door, and my phone rang.  “I wasn’t expecting a call.  I don’t recognize this number.  Weird, hardly anyone has my number.”  “I’m sure the guys are downstairs playing pool as usual.  I’ll go down and see if they want to go get dinner. See you in the rec room after your call.”  I pressed my touch screen, and heard Grey’s voice.  “Hello, beautiful.  I wanted to let you know I will be away for a few days.  I have located a spell book I believe will be helpful for you to understand how to fight these necromancers.  I must travel to Spain to go retrieve it.”  “Be safe,” I said disappointedly.  “Try not to be too bored in my absence.  I’ll return as soon as possible. Save this number in case you need to reach me.”  “I will. Hurry back.”
I walked down the stairs glumly.  I came upon Dean, Finn and Anita in the rec room without being noticed, and stayed just outside the door.  I was about to make my presence known, when I overheard their conversation.  “Are things really serious between Chloë and that bloodsucker?” Finn asked.  Anita pursed her lips and thought for a long second.  Finn appeared irritated by her delay.  “I’m not really sure.  I don’t know if serious is what she is looking for, not anymore.  I think you had a chance at serious with her before your freak out, and now she is looking for something else.  At least I hope she isn’t thinking about having a serious relationship with Grey.”
“Hi Finn,” purred Cynthia the bubble-headed cheerleader from the second floor. She pranced by, also not noticing me.  Anita rolled her eyes at the overly made-up bottle blonde, and Dean tried not to laugh.  “Oh, hi there Anita and Dean, I didn’t see you there,” Cynthia added.  “Sure you didn’t,” Anita mumbled under her breath.  Dean gently elbowed her in the side.  Anita plastered a wide fake smile on her face, the effects of which were naturally a little frightening since she was half-vampire.  Cynthia took a step back.  “Hi Cindy, nice to see you!” Anita replied falsely.
I put my hand over my mouth to keep from laughing out loud.   I was going to go in before Cynthia arrived.  She and I got along like oil and water.  “Finn, do you have plans tonight?  It is Friday.  I would hate for you to be all alone.”  Damn her.  Anita and Dean are going to the movies.  If Finn takes her up on her offer I’m going to be alone.  How selfish am I?  Well I guess I am about to find out.
I walked into the rec room, and Cynthia cast me a dirty look.  “Hello everyone, and Cindy,” I nodded.  “So what is going on tonight?” I asked pointedly.  “What no va..a…vacation this weekend?” Finn finished awkwardly avoiding the word vampire.  Dean, Anita and I stifled laughter.  “Uhm, no, no vacation plans this weekend,” I said using his code.  Finn quickly turned to Cynthia, “I’m going to the movies with my friends tonight.  Sorry.”  
Cynthia stormed out of the room.  “Good riddance!” Anita exclaimed.  “You don’t like her do you darling?” Dean asked playfully.  Anita wrinkled her nose in disgust, “No. She smells like cheap polyester.”  I chuckled.  “Let me guess, is it because of her cheer uniform?”  “You guys are horrible,” Finn said.  “You only think that because she is willing and eager to do any depraved thing you can come up with, or make some suggestions if you don’t have any ideas,” Dean told him.  “Whatever,” Finn said and angrily folded his arms across his chest.
“So what happened with what’s-his-face?” Finn asked.  “He had to leave town for a few days.”  “Did he say why?” Anita asked curiously.  “Yeah, he tracked down a spell book he thought we could use,” I answered.  “Do we really need this guy’s help?” Finn sulked.  “Sorry, but it sounds like we do,” Dean affirmed.  “So are we going to go to get some dinner and got to a show or what?” Anita asked changing the subject.  We all turned and looked at Finn.  “Sure let’s go,” he answered, and we all left the dorm.
Dean and Anita wanted to go back to the Chateau for dinner by themselves; as a result, Finn and I were left to have dinner by ourselves.  “Do you like Mexican food?” Finn asked.  “Yes.”  “Good, Dean and I went to a great place the other day at lunch.  Let’s go there. We are supposed to meet them at the movie at seven fifteen.” “Sounds like a plan, whose car do you want to take?”  “I’m the guy, I’ll drive.”  “Finn this isn’t a date. We are just friends. Remember?”  
“C’mon Chlo, we weren’t just friends.  I see the way you still look at me.  Is all this distance because of the dead guy?”  I shrugged, “In part yes.” 
“How would he feel about you being out with me?”  I paused for a moment before I answered.  “I have no idea, but I’m going anyway.  I don’t know how this is all supposed to work out Finn. I told you he isn’t my boyfriend, but I think he wants to be.” “I want you back,” Finn replied and grabbed hold of my hand.  I smiled weakly.  “I’m an idiot. I guess we will just have to see how things work out. That is the best I can do.”  “I can’t promise I won’t get in the way with him.”  “That’s fair. You’re just being honest.  And as long as we are being honest I should tell you I hate Cynthia.”  Finn laughed.  “I know. It is the only reason I have gone out with her at all.” “Ugh, you’ve actually gone out with her?” I asked irritated.  He just shrugged. “So where does this leave us?” I asked.  “Like you said, I guess we will just have to wait and see how things work out.”

  
Chapter Fifteen

“Who picked that movie?” I demanded. “Guilty,” Anita said raising her hand.  “That was the sappiest load of crap I have ever watched in my life,” Finn complained.  “Hey I liked it,” Dean said, defending the romantic comedy we were leaving.  “That’s because you didn’t watch it,” Finn said and jokingly punched Dean on the arm.  
“We walked here, so we are going to walk back.  Don’t wait up,” Dean told us.  Anita grabbed his elbow and giggled.  I sighed, “Do you think those two are going to get worse, or get over this puppy-love phase?” I asked Finn.  “Oh, I foresee this getting worse.  Neither of us has been kicked out of our rooms yet.”  “Ugh, I hadn’t thought about that.”  “I guess we wouldn’t have minded if we were up to the same thing,” Finn mumbled.  
This was going to be an uncomfortable evening.  The five-minute drive from the movie theater back to the dorm was silent.  Finn grasped the steering wheel so hard his knuckles turned white.  He kept his gaze directed forward, and occasionally clenched his jaw so tight the muscle bulged at the side of his face.  I was afraid to offer him comfort, because it might send the wrong signal.  Instead, I stared out of the passenger side window.  
Finn pulled into the lot directly behind the freshmen dorms, and whipped into a vacant slot.  The car lurched instantly to a halt, and I tossed off my seatbelt.  “Well, that was a relaxing drive,” I said sarcastically.  “Sorry, I have a lot on my mind.”  “Forget it, I shouldn’t be giving you a bad time,” I chastised myself.  “I mean what are we going to do tonight?  You saw them.  Odds are they are going to be occupying one of our rooms.  And as much as I want to spend time with you, I would much rather you weren’t thinking about another guy while we were together.”
I looked at him, raised my eyebrow, and told him, “Finn, you have no idea what I think about when we are together.”  He looked deeply into my eyes, and gave me a tiny crooked smile.
We walked through the back door of the dorm and found Cynthia holding court with a group of her fellow cheerleaders and a few football players.  As soon as she noticed Finn enter the room, her fawning over the athletes intensified.  Finn shook his head in amusement, and tried to conceal the smile threatening to break free.  I was desperately trying not to laugh.  Obviously, she thought he was using me to make her jealous.  He took the opportunity to place his arm over my shoulders, which, given the circumstances I didn’t prevent, and we went upstairs.
My intention was to go into my room, and invite Finn over if Anita and Dean were occupying his room.  Well damn her; she had other plans.  She knew I would be more comfortable in my own room.  I suppose she also thought that if I were in his room something might happen between the two of us.  She taped a note to the door in bright pink paper that said, “Don’t be mad at me.  I’ll talk to you later.  Have fun, Anita.”  
“She is just hilarious.  Now what do I do?” I thought aloud.  “Come over to my room.  I won’t bite, but…maybe that is what you are in to these days,” Finn teased.  “Oh so you are a comedian too.  Well, maybe I don’t want to come to your room now,” I said and stubbornly crossed my arms across my chest.  
“Like that is going to work,” Finn said laughing.   Finn took a step towards me with a mischievous grin playing on his face.  “Finn, what are you up to?  Finn?”  He laughed again, and took another step toward me.  I stood still and held my breath.  
One more step and he was standing near me, towering over my five foot five frame.  I could feel his heart rate racing in the small space that still existed between us.  I released one hesitant breath and he reached up slowly, and stroked my face.  Why was I letting this happen?  I am so weak.  
Suddenly, he swept me up into his arms and tossed me over his shoulder.  Before I had time to think he had his door open and just as quickly he kicked it shut.  Finn tossed me down on his bed and climbed down on top of me.  We stared at each other for a long time, running our hands on each other’s arms, backs, in each other’s hair, and on each other’s faces.  He leaned forward to kiss me, I closed my eyes, felt the warmth of his breath on my gently parted lips, and then my phone rang.
“Don’t answer it,” Finn insisted.  “It’ll just take a second,” I told him.  Finn groaned and rolled off me while I grabbed my phone.  “Hello,” I answered breathless.  “Hello darling,” spoke Grey’s cool voice.  My heart began to race a guilty rhythm.  “How is Spain?”  I asked getting up to stand by the window.  Finn cast me a dirty look, but I think I caught a hint of hurt cross his face.
“Spain is going well, I have the book and will be catching a plane at nightfall.”  “How are you awake right now?  I thought you had to sleep during the day?”  “No, I have to stay out of the sun. I only rest a few hours.  Did I interrupt something; I hear breathing in the background?”  Stupid vampire hearing.  “I’m hanging out with Finn,” I answered truthfully.  “Mmmm. I see.  Will I see you when I return?”  “If you want to,” I answered hesitantly.  “We haven’t had that talk have we? Whether we are exclusive or not,”  Grey pointed out.  “No.  I’m not really sure what I want right now either.  I’m not trying to hurt you, but I’m trying not to assume anything.  We have only gone out once, and that was a spontaneous thing.”
“I do want to see you when I am back in town, at least to talk,” Grey replied.  “Alright.  You always seem to know how to find me.”  “That is true, but given current circumstances I don’t think I will just drop by.”  “That’s fair.  I will see you tomorrow then?”  “I’ll call you. Good bye until then,” Grey said and hung up.
Finn was leaning against his desk with his legs crossed and stretched out.  I walked up to him.  His blue eyes were burning in the dark.  “Finn,” I began.  He put his hand up to stop me.  I grabbed his hand, and laced my fingers in with his.  “Finn, I’m sorry.  I don’t know what I want right now.”  “You want to be with me, right?” he asked.  “Yes,” my voice was barely a whisper.  “But you want him too, don’t you?”  “I’m sorry,” was all I could say.  Finn just nodded his head.  “He knows you are here with me?”  “Yes.”  “Then be with me,” Finn said.  
“No.  I mean, I’ve never, uhm, you know,” I fumbled embarrassed.  “Sorry, I know it sounded like…that wasn’t what I meant.” Finn said and kissed the top of my head.  “Then what did you mean?” I asked, looking up at him through my eyelashes.  “I mean, when you are here with me, stop thinking about him, stop worrying, and let yourself feel what you are feeling.”  I laughed, and kissed him on the cheek.  “Silly. I was already doing that.”
“Kiss me,” Finn said.  “I really want to, but I need to figure out my feelings.  I don’t want to hurt you.  I shouldn’t be dating both of you at the same time.”  “But you can see we aren’t just friends,” Finn argued.  “Yes, I can see that,” I answered him.  “Okay, for right now, let’s just watch a movie,” he suggested.  
Finn put in a cheesy horror movie.  I don’t scare easy, but I also don’t enjoy watching gore.  I buried my face in his chest, “Finn!  Are you sure about this movie?”  “Positive,” he laughed and patted my hair.  I said I wouldn’t kiss him, but I said nothing about snuggling deep into his strong arms.  Maybe I could learn to like horror movies.  


Chapter Sixteen

The morning light was shining through the parted curtains.  I blinked my still groggy eyes several times to focus them.  Funny, I don’t remember returning to my room.  Anita stood staring down at me with an exceptionally smug look on her face.  Dean stood behind her with his arms locked around her tiny waist.  “We thought it would be funny to kick you out of your room for a few hours to force you both to make up. I didn’t think you would kick me out of mine all night long.  Not that I’m not complaining,” Dean said and gave Anita a little squeeze picking her up off the floor.
That explains why I can’t remember going back to my room, because I didn’t.  Finn tightened his hold on me, not a bad feeling.  “Good morning,” he said, ignoring Dean and Anita.  “Good morning.  Why didn’t you wake me up?” I asked.  
He smiled, a bright, heart-melting smile I have never been able to resist.  Pushing my tangled hair out of my face he said, “I tried, but once you fall asleep a herd of elephants couldn’t wake you.”  I felt my cheeks turn red. “I am so embarrassed.”  “I’m not.  I wish I could spend every night like that,” Finn said and cradled my face in his large hands. 
“Are you two going to get up some time today?  Or do we need to bring you back some breakfast?” Anita joked.  Finn tossed his leg over me trapping me under him.  “I don’t feel like getting up,” Finn replied.   “I’m actually starving, and I have a wicked kink in my back from sleeping in a twin bed with your six foot self.  I could really use some food and a walk around campus.  Wadd’ya say?” I proposed.
Anita grabbed my arm and pulled before Finn could talk me into staying.  “Agreed, lets get dressed, Chloë.  Your hair is going to take hours with a brush or a double dose of magic to get those tangles out.  Get movin’ chica!  We don’t have all day.” 
“I’m coming, don’t get all worked up,” I groaned.  I leaned over and kissed Finn on the cheek.  “I will see you in a little while for breakfast.”  “Can’t wait,” he whispered, then he grabbed me and kissed me softly on the lips.  
“You are quite the meddler aren’t you,” I accused Anita when we were alone in our room.  “Well come on Chloë. I wanted to be alone with Dean and it was too tense to be around the two of you the way things were.  So we figured you two would either kiss and make up, or figure out how to be friends.  Looks to me like you kissed and made up,” she said on the verge of doing a victory dance.  
I sat down quickly on the edge of my bed.  “I’m scared because I want him desperately.  Not just physically, but that feeling is so overwhelming sometimes it is all I can think about.  Mostly, I feel like I need him, and I have made a point out of not needing anyone.”  “I guess the question is what are you going to do about it?” Anita asked.  I shrugged.  
“The only thing I can do.  I’m going to break things off with Grey.  He is a great guy, and we have good chemistry, but I am falling in love with Finn.  As scared as I am, I have to see this through.”  “I’m glad to hear you are coming to your senses.  Now, seriously lets get you in the shower and do something about your hair.  I keep expecting birds to fly out of there.”  “You are so funny!”  I said and I threw a pillow at her.  Naturally, since she is a vampire she dodged it with lightning fast reflexes, and stuck her tongue out at me.  
I grabbed all of my toiletries and headed into the girls shower.  After two weeks I had already picked out my favorite shower stall, which is an oxymoron, because I hate showering in the school dorm.  I moved to the last shower in the row of four.  That was the one where you could hang up your towel without it getting wet, and the curtain closed all the way.  The drain sloped away from that stall, so the soapy water from anyone else showering doesn’t pool where you stand.  
I set my clean clothes on the bench outside of the showers, slipped out of my dirty ones, put on my robe, and slipped into my shower slippers.  I hate showering in shoes.  I brought all of my toiletries down to my preferred stall, and set down my shower basket.  I turned on the water, trying to wash quickly before the luke-warm water turned cold.  I slid around in my anti-microbial shower sandals as they filled with water, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.  I tried to resist the urge to shave too quickly.  It was always a delicate task, balancing on one slippery foot, while cold, and trying not to cut myself.  I finished rinsing myself off just as the water temperature began to turn icy.
The tiled floor is very slippery outside of the showers. It makes changing risky when you are racing to preserve some modesty trying to dry off and dress yourself around strangers.  I towel dried my hair, and contrary to Anita’s ribbing, easily ran a brush through it.  I created large curls with my fingers.  I brushed my teeth, and put on the bare minimum make up.  Some clear lip-gloss, violet colored eye shadow, mascara, and plum colored blush.
I gave myself an admiring glance in the mirror.  Not bad for thirty minutes.  I shoved my dirty clothes, towel and robe into my dirty linens bag and deposited my makeup and toiletries into my shower basket and headed out of the bathroom.  “Look, she doesn’t even wear much make-up,” Cynthia whispered to one of her friends from behind me.  “And look her hair is still wet,” her friend answered back.  “I don’t know she looks natural.  I’d do her,” one of the football players from the night before chimed in.  “Well who asked you!” Cynthia screeched.  I laughed to myself and walked down the hall with a little more swing in my hips.  I would have to tell Anita about that.
I walked into my room and described the encounter with Cynthia to Anita.  Anita stopped rearranging her purse.  “That girl is nuts!  What is she doing on the third floor?  Do you think she is stalking Finn? I don’t think she has ever been rejected until now.”  “Yeah, she’s probably waiting for Finn the way she was casually loitering in the hall.” 
“She has to see you are prettier than she is.  I know she is stupid, but that stupid?” Anita criticized.  “I don’t think appearance is that important.  I mean she would be pretty if she laid off all the make-up, and wore some clothes.  I mean come on, leave something to the imagination you know?  But her personality is ugly,” I added.  “Well she better not decide to go after Dean, or I’ll bite her.”  “I guess she is just lucky she isn’t that stupid.”
“Who is stupid?” Dean asked walking into our room.  I turned to Anita confused.  He stood in the middle of the floor jingling her keys.  “Thank God!” Anita squealed.  For a strong, smart, independent woman, she could be a bit of a ditz sometimes.  “Leave something?” Dean asked sarcastically.  “Yes thank you, I have been looking for those everywhere.”  “So who is stupid,” Dean asked again.  “Oh Cynthia couldn’t resist commenting about Chloë when she got out of the bathroom.  She is all pissed off because Chloë doesn’t wear a lot of make-up, and one of her bed-buddies said he’d ‘do her’,” Anita told him.  
“Well don’t tell Finn that,” Dean said seriously.  “Too late.  I already heard you.  Funny how my hearing has gotten so much sharper.”  Finn closed the door, and moved over to me.  He whispered to me, “He can’t have you.”  His eyes burned like a blue flame.  “You’re mine,” he continued.  
“Finn,” I began.  Finn put his hand up to stop me from saying anything else. “I know Chloë.  You don’t have to tell me again that you don’t know what you want okay.  I can wait, but even if you aren’t mine now, you will be. I can feel it.” 
 I smirked, “Well, if you can feel it.  Seriously though, Finn, I’m not saying no, or even that I don’t feel the same way.  I just want to be sure.”  “Sure of how you feel about me?” Finn asked concerned.  “No, I know how I feel about you.” “I see, you want to be sure of how I feel about you.” I nodded slightly.  “I guess I deserve that.  I’ll do my best to prove to you how I feel.”
He moved toward me stealthily, and I laughed.  “Come on guys I’m hungry,” Anita protested.  Finn grabbed me and pulled me to him, and I decided I was going to kiss him when Anita began throwing pillows.  “There will be time for that after we have breakfast.”  I laughed, “Come on, we don’t want her to bite us if she gets too hungry.”  
Finn made a noise that was part groan part growl, “We always get interrupted.”  “We will have time later,” I assured him staring into his deep blue eyes.  “Before or after you meet with the vampire?” he asked annoyed.  “Before and after,” I told him.  
“You are still going to meet with him?” he asked astounded.  “I need to tell him I have made up my mind.  Also I need to get the spell book from him.  Therefore, yeah I’m still going to meet with him,” I explained.  “I hate this,” Finn said with his eyes shut.  “I know, buy you just have to trust me,” I urged.  “I will.  Let’s go eat.”
Dean and Anita had gotten fed up waiting for us, and left while we were still talking in my room.  “Do you think they saved us a seat,” I asked him.  “I don’t know.  I think we were getting on Anita’s nerves,” Finn said laughing.  We got into the line at the entrance to the dining hall, and handed the cashier our student ID cards to be charged for our meal plans.  
We walked through the dining room, and saw Anita halfway into a huge waffle smothered in fruit and whipped cream.  We picked up trays and headed to the food.  I picked up cereal with soymilk, fruit, and juice.  Finn chose the same, but with regular milk.  Together we went to join Dean and Anita.  
“Feeling better now sunshine?” I teased Anita.  “Yes thank you,” she answered, oblivious to my sarcasm.  “What now?” Dean asked.  “You two can enjoy an afternoon alone.  We are going to do our own thing for a few hours,” Finn told him, while looking into my face.  “I think we can manage that,” Dean smirked.  “Come on Anita there is something I want to talk to you about anyway,” Dean told her.  They got up, cleared their dishes and left.
“So what are we going to do?” I asked.  “How do you feel about walking through the Japanese gardens?”  “I haven’t been in there yet.”  “You’ll like it.  It is quiet.  There are beautiful trees, a nice creek thing, and rock features.  But the best part is that hardly anyone is ever in there,” Finn hinted.  “Sounds magical.”
“So what brought you into the Japanese Gardens?” I asked, as we continued walking.  “Well, I was walking back to the dorms down the main mall, and my hearing had just started changing.  It was like I heard everyone’s conversations all at once.  First my ears started ringing, then pounding, and finally it felt like they were bleeding.  I had to get away from people.  That’s when I saw the fenced in garden, and my instincts told me to go in, and all the noises stopped.  My head cleared.  But then I saw every mistake I’ve made lately.”
“Was that yesterday morning, before you came to find us at the library?” I asked.  “No, it was the night before.  It was technically closed when I went in, but I found a way inside.  It was a great place to think. 
I realized I had pushed you away. I gave you a reason to turn to that vampire.” Finn led me into the entrance of the Japanese Garden, “Well this is it.  What do you think?”  “Wow. How did I not notice this?” I asked amazed.  “I guess with classes and people disappearing you were just too busy to notice it.  Most people seem to ignore it, except on the campus tours.”  
He led the way down a gravel path that winded around a remarkable recreation of a Japanese landscape, hence the name.  I could not name a single plant in the garden, but it was exactly what I would imagine a tranquil setting in Japan would look like.  The water feature ran through the entire garden, and its quiet gurgle hushed the sounds of students milling about on the mall.  
Not that Saturdays were exceptionally busy on campus, but there was still noise when students were present, except in the garden.  It was exactly as he described it, peaceful, a place to collect your thoughts, and to have a quiet moment.
Deeper into the garden we found a secluded corner with a stone bench, shaded by some tall trees.  Finn sat down and motioned for me to sit next to him.  My heart began to flutter.  All of the interruptions that had found us since last night didn’t seem likely to find us in here, and all of a sudden I was anxious.  I knew what I wanted, but at the same time I was afraid to get it.  
Our first kiss just happened, and afterwards everything fell apart.  What would happen this time?  “What’s wrong?” he asked.  “Nothing,” I lied.  He raised his eyebrow at me in a silent question.  “All right that isn’t exactly true.  If you decided you wanted to be with me, what were you doing with the herd of cheerleaders?”  
“I have done a lot of things wrong when it comes to you. We should take things slow.  I don’t want to lose you Chlo, if I can only have you as a friend, I’ll take it.  I want more, but I’ll take you anyway I can have you.” He grabbed one of the long curls that kept falling into my face and tucked it behind my ear.  “I only brought you here to be alone, I’m not one of those guys.”  I laughed nervously.  What was wrong with me?  
I didn’t have a response.  I touched his face with my hand, traced the outline of his square, strong jaw.  He grabbed my hand and pressed his perfectly shaped lips to my palm.  I closed my eyes, which felt like they were on fire and would never stop burning.  I opened them, and looked him in his deep blue eyes.  “Chloë, your eyes are green,” Finn said a little frightened.
I looked away quickly.  I’ve never had much of a poker face.  I’m too inexperienced. All of my emotions, and my need for him were so strong, I couldn’t control it, and when I couldn’t control my feelings my magic went wild.  I tried to take a deep breath, but it came out ragged.  “Well it is your fault,” I said with a shy smile on my face.
“Huh?  That’s new, how is your eyes changing color my fault?”  Finn inquired.  “Oh, I really would have rather have kept this from you, its just so…embarrassing.  Did I ever tell you why my eyes change color?”  “No, I didn’t even know your eyes changed colors.” 
“They change when I am performing any magic, and since I am a witch my entire being is magic.  When I first got my powers my eyes would change colors every time I had a strong emotion, and stay that way until I got that emotion under control. I have mostly learned to prevent it, except, well, like right now my feelings are a bit, uhm…strong,” I explained.
“Hmmm… Are they going to change back?”  “Eventually.  But one time they stayed green for a month.  It was during the summer, so I had to spend all of my time around other witches and wizards. It sucked.”  “What can I do to help?” he whispered, and kissed me on the cheek.  “Uhmm, I’m not sure that is helping,” I squeaked.  “There is only one way to find out,” he crooned.  Finn leaned toward me and lightly brushed my lips with his.  “I knew you couldn’t hide how you felt about me,” he murmured into my neck.
I grabbed his hair with both of my hands and kissed him as if my life depended on it.  He wrapped his arms around my waist and held me to him.  It was perfect, but it was too much, and I couldn’t control the magic. 
The green haze began to circle around us, I let go of him, and began to levitate.  Finn immediately grabbed hold of me again.  “Thank you,” I said astonished.  “For which part?” Finn asked flirtatiously.  “I remembered kissing you felt great, but I didn’t remember it would make me feel like I was flying,” I said teasing. 
“Can you stand now?” he asked anxiously.  “Maybe we shouldn’t try until we are indoors.  I would teleport us, but I don’t think my magic is safe at the moment.”  “Don’t worry, I’ll hold you down to earth.”  “I’m going to keep you to that,” I said.  I latched my arm through his and tried to make my feet appear like they were touching the ground, but they weren’t.  	
Chapter Seventeen

“Well look who has come down off the ceiling,” Anita said amused.  “I’m glad one of us thinks this is so funny,” I replied annoyed.  “What did he do to you anyway?  I mean one little kiss, and you are going to float away like a helium balloon?  Oh, and by the way your eyes still look like some crazy movie special effect.”  
“Anita did anyone ever tell you how reassuring you are?”  “No actually,” she said, thinking hard.  “I find that hard to believe.  What should I do?  I’ve never felt this way before. I feel like I am going to burst into flames.”  “Well definitely don’t do that.  You could, you know, sleep with him.”  I blinked several times in disbelief.  
“I’m sorry, what?  You aren’t seriously suggesting I go to bed with him just to get control over my powers are you?” I asked astounded.  “Come on Chloë be practical.  You are weak now, and as long as you can’t use your powers we are sitting ducks.  You need to figure out something.”  “I agree. I need to figure out something, but I don’t think that is it. I mean really!” “Fine have it your way, but it is just sex.  I don’t see what the big deal is,” Anita ranted.  
“Anita have you…” I began to ask.  “Of course, haven’t you?” “No, actually.” I admitted.  “Really?  Wow, I thought everyone had by now.  Not that there is anything wrong with that.  I mean Dean hasn’t even tried.  Wow, hmmm…” Anita sat suddenly.   
“Anita, your outlook on sex is pretty detached.  If you want to talk about anything, I am here for you.”  “I…uh… don’t really like to talk about it,” she answered quietly.  “It is perfectly okay if you don’t want to, but you can tell me if you do,” I reassured her. 
“It is part of the reason I look back on my partying with such disgust.  I don’t know if you picked up on that.  Anyway, I went to a party with a guy who used to be a friend of mine, we had all been drinking, and I had drank too much, as was usual for me then.  My parents had just split up, my mom and step-dad that is. I was acting out I guess.  This guy friend kept pressuring me to have sex with him, and I told him no at least half a dozen times, but he encouraged me to drink more.  I don’t know why I did.   After a while I must have given in, because I don’t remember fighting him off.  I remember enough details of the night to have nightmares, so I know that I wasn’t drugged.  I know if I hadn’t been drinking I never would have said yes.  It was after my encounter with Alexander.  I didn’t have the confidence to stand up for myself,” Anita confessed.
“Anita, what happened wasn’t your fault.  It’s called date rape.  I’m sorry that happened to you.”  “The worst part was after that I didn’t care. I slept with every boyfriend I had, because it really didn’t mean anything anymore,” Anita admitted. “That doesn’t mean it can’t mean something.” “You’re right. Dean is different.  I just worry he will learn about my past and he won’t want me any more,” she whispered.
“That will never happen,” Dean said standing in our open doorway.   “Dean, how did you get in this time.  And you really have to stop walking in here, we could have been naked!” I demanded.  “Well, Anita needs to remember to stop leaving her keys in the door knob.  And, sorry I didn’t consider the state of your dress or undress, but you have to remember Finn and I can hear through these walls. I heard what you were saying and I wanted to talk to my girl.”
“Yeah, okay, but I’m still going to cast a spell on the wall so you can’t hear in here. Is Finn in your room?” I asked.  Dean nodded his head. “Oh, and I don’t recommend having sex to control your powers, especially with an elf who has feelings for you.” 
“I wasn’t planning on it, but tell me, why especially with an elf?”  “Elves and shifters mate for life.  Once we take that step we bond to our mate forever.  Witches and vampires are different. You are more like humans with your fickle emotions.  Just remember to be sure before you take that step, because there will be no going back for Finn.”  “I’ll remember.”  I walked outside the door, but I didn’t leave.  I closed the door and put my hand on it so I could see and hear everything going on inside.
“Anita, I love you.  What happened to you, and how you reacted afterward doesn’t matter to me,” Dean reassured her.  Anita cast her face down to the floor.  He grabbed her face in both of his hands, “Look at me, I love you, I will always love you, nothing is going to change that.” 
“How do you know already?” she asked him still trying not to look at him.  “You don’t?” he asked hurt.  “Yes of course I love you. What isn’t to love? You’re perfect, but we have only known each other about a month.  How do you know already?” “Anita, I knew the first moment I saw you.”  
“Then why haven’t you…you know,” Anita asked blushing.  “Why haven’t I tried to make a move on you other than to kiss you?” Dean finished her question.  “Kind of, I mean, why haven’t you tried to sleep with me?” Anita asked dropping her head down again.  
Dean tipped her chin up, “Anita, I’m not human.  I’m a shifter, and you heard what I told Chloë.  I’ve never been with anyone, and I won’t until you are ready to be my wife.  I’m in this for keeps.  When I say I’ll love you forever, I mean forever.  I want to make sure you understand before we take that step.  Do you?”  
Anita smiled, and put her head on Dean’s chest.  “Now I do.  And I’m good with taking it slow.  Not that I have a problem with being together forever, I just feel like savoring every step.”  “And now we are on the same page,” Dean said, and rested his head on the top of hers.  I smiled to myself and lifted my hand off of the door.
I knocked on Finn’s door.  He opened it and moved back away from me. He seemed anxious to be too near me.   “Your eyes are still green,” he said upset.  “Yeah, but at least I’m off the ceiling,” I joked trying to lighten the mood.  “Why don’t you come and sit next to me?” I asked him.  “I’m afraid of setting your powers off again.  I don’t want to hurt you,” he said softly.  There was agony behind his voice.
“You know you didn’t do anything wrong don’t you?  This only happened because I want you so badly,” I admitted boldly.  “Then why not the other times?”  “Probably because the other times I was conflicted.  I knew there was something different about you the first time, and the other night because I felt like I was betraying Grey.  But today I had made up my mind it was you I wanted.  I felt free. I knew what I felt for you, and it overwhelmed me.”
“What can I do?”  “Just help me manage it.  Don’t freak out on me.  I’ll learn to control it eventually, or at least get used to it.”  “I think I can help you get used to it,” he said with his wicked grin returning to his face.  “Finn, what are you thinking?” was the last thing I said before he tackled me to the bed.
He laid next to me facing me, then he seized all of my long hair that we were both tangled in from our fall to his bed and spread it out behind me.  He kissed my forehead, my cheeks, and finally my lips until I could manage not to float away.  “I think I might enjoy helping you control your magic,” he said with a smile.  “I’ll buy you some chap stick,” I replied.  
“Did you hear what Dean said?” I asked timidly. “I did. I’ll be honest with you Chloë, I’m not sure I’m ready for forever yet.  I care about you a lot; I could love you if I let myself.  But we are eighteen years old.  Are you ready to commit to eternity with me?” “I’m not sure,” I answered truthfully.  “For now we take this one day at a time until we are sure, okay?” “I can manage that,” I agreed.  He wrapped his arms around me, and we fell asleep.
Chapter Eighteen

By the following Wednesday I had gained control over most of my powers, but my eyes were still the same brilliant green.  I started telling anyone that noticed that I wore contacts, and had accidentally ordered green colored ones.  People want an answer that explains the unexplainable. In order to preserve their beliefs they will accept any answer that fits.  
I still hadn’t heard from Grey.  He said he would get in touch with me the night he got back from Spain, which should have been on Saturday.  I was starting to worry.   What if the necromancers found out he had obtained a spell book I could use against them?  Also, I really wanted to see him and explain what happened in person. 
I argued with myself, I’m probably making a big deal out of nothing.  He probably hasn’t come around because he hasn’t felt like it.  We only went out once, perhaps I have nothing to explain.  He is hundreds of years old, the odds one evening with a naive eighteen-year-old girl was very meaningful is not very likely. Even so, it meant something to me.  Why can’t I let go of him?  As strongly as I feel for Finn, love him even, I still feel something for Grey.  I wish so much I didn’t.
Things with Finn seemed to be quickly deteriorating, perhaps that was one reason I couldn’t stop thinking about Grey.  It wasn’t fair to him.  I couldn’t run to him every time I felt ignored by Finn.  I wouldn’t do that.  Yet, I don’t think I could stop myself from turning to him if my relationship with Finn ended.  I care deeply for Finn, but that one dinner with Grey was intense.  I have never been hit so hard and fast with feelings for a guy before.
I was distracted during classes all week, but today was the worst.  I decided I would use the number Grey had given me after my last class, before I went back to the dorm.  That way I would have some privacy and not have Finn and Anita breathing down my neck.
I got out of my last class, philosophy, and I walked aimlessly while I dialed the number Grey had given me.  “Hello. Chloë?” “Yeah, its me.”  Why are you calling me?” Grey asked puzzled.  “I thought you were going to contact me when you got back from Spain.  I was getting worried something happened to you,” I replied.  
“That is a surprise,” he replied flatly.  “Why is that?” I asked confused.  “Chloë, you don’t need to pretend anything for the sake of my feelings.  I am well aware you have reconnected with the elf.  I can be a gentleman and step aside.  It is the best I can offer you.  Have you not checked your mail yet?”  “No, why?”  “I mailed you the book. I thought it would be the easiest way.  This way I could spare you the burden of explaining to me something you don’t want to say and I would rather not hear.  Unless there is an emergency, you won’t see me.” 
“Grey, really, is that necessary?”  “Yes, I think so.  I find it difficult to be around you, knowing you are with someone else.”  “I am truly sorry about this,” I replied shakily.  “You are probably right though.  I’m sure you are.  It is for the best. Goodbye Grey.”  “Goodbye Chloë.”
I unlocked the front door of the dormitory, and headed straight for the mail slots on the first floor.  I wanted to see if the book was there yet or not.  I turned my combination lock, and there it was like he said.
“No one believes your eyes are that color, you know,” Cynthia sniped.  “They are fashion contacts, for fun, and I don’t recall asking you,” I retorted.  I turned my back on her and began to walk away.  I was far too excited to peruse the spell book Grey retrieved to deal with her. 
“Uhg!  You are so infuriating!  You think you are so special don’t you?  I’ve seen you all walking around like you have some giant secret.  You four keep to yourselves like no one else is good enough to hang out with you.  Like you know something the rest of us don’t.  Can little Miss Perfect not be bothered to associate with us normal people?” Cynthia seethed.  I laughed.  I couldn’t help myself.
“And your point is?  Your insult is that my life is perfect?  Ouch, that hurts,” I laughed again.  “No, I think you think you’re perfect,” she criticized.  “Sure you do,” I replied sarcastically.  “It isn’t like you really want to hang out with me anyway Cynthia, but I bet you are pretty pissed Finn does, huh?”  I turned around dramatically, tossed my hair over my shoulder, and headed upstairs.  Maybe my powers were still on the fritz, because this was by far the weirdest encounter I have had with Cynthia yet.
I tore off the plain brown paper that covered the book, and was mesmerized by its antique brown leather binding, with an embossed design of a girl dancing under a crescent moon on the front cover.  In beautiful gold leaf lettering the title, The Daughters of the Moon, scrolled across the top.  It was, surprisingly, in English. I thought it would be in Spanish since the book was found in Spain.   
I gingerly opened the front cover and a letter from Grey fell out.  I expected the goodbye it contained. I was prepared for that. It still hurt though.  I was with Finn. Grey saying goodbye shouldn’t upset me.  It shouldn’t, but it did. What I needed to know was how he thought the book was supposed to help me.  Thankfully, he meticulously detailed how I could use the book to counter the spells employed by the necromancers. 
There were other nuances of the book that would take some study and practice.  Some of its contents were more of a history of witchcraft instead of a common spell book that human witches use to cast spells.  By simply possessing the book, my own power could be slightly augmented.  Well, I suppose that explains my bizarre encounter with Cynthia.
I found the spell I was looking for.  I could use it to charm amulets to release vampires from the necromancer’s spell.  The risky part would be sewing them into an item of the vampire’s clothing, or hiding them on their person somehow, anyway as long as the amulets were unnoticeable.  In his note Grey said vampires hate having their will stripped from them, (like Anita said). If we could restore it to them, they would “take care of the rest.”  	
Necromancers do not have very strong magic, except over spirits.  Therefore, if they were unable to control the vampires, they would be defenseless against any attack.  The most dangerous effort for us to undertake would be to sneak into the day resting place of vampires on two occasions to remove and replace items of clothing. Not that the necromancer could be killed, but they wouldn’t be much of a threat to us anymore.
For the first time since this begun I actually felt hopeful.  I wish I could thank Grey for all of the effort he had gone through for us. He would stay as long as Alexander was in town.  As unnecessary as it was, Grey felt the need to atone for the sins of Alexander.  He was certainly making up for a lot of them now.  Sadly once this was over he would leave.  I need to talk to him before he leaves forever, see him one last time.  I have to, I just don’t understand why.
Anita walked in the door and interrupted my plotting.  “What is that?”  “This?”  I asked as I lovingly stroked the soft brown leather.  “Yes, that.”  She reached for the book.  It began to shine like the early morning sun.  “You know, I don’t think I ought to touch it,” Anita said.  She took a step back, and the light stopped.  “I think that is a good idea.  I wonder how Grey managed to bring this back from Spain.  Do you think it responds to all vampires this way?  Or are you special?”  “Very funny, you are such a punk.  Probably all vampires.  Did you see all of that light?  Wow, that really would have hurt a normal vampire.  At least the book is protected against anyone but the necromancers.” 
“Hmm, good point.  Let’s not test that theory just the same,” I said after thinking a minute.  “No, best not to.  Just our luck Cynthia would come rummaging through our room looking for dirty pictures or something, and find something better…that you are a witch!” Anita teased.  “Speaking of that pain in my ass.  She went mental on me down by the mailboxes.  She started going off on how the four of us have a secret, and how we are too good to hang out with anyone else.”
“I hate to admit it, but she kinda has a point,” Anita stated.  “Huh, come again.  I thought I heard you agree with the cheerleader.” “Chloë, we have done a really bad job fitting in around here.  We can’t spend four years off in our own little world.  We need to make an effort to make some human friends, go to parties and have the full college experience.  If for no other reason than to provide better cover for ourselves than we have so far.”  “You are right.  I just hate it that she is so justifiably suspicious.  I like to think of her as stupid, because she is so damn annoying.”
“It is Wednesday, you know hump day, there are like a million parties on campus.  Dean was talking about one earlier.  He actually has some human friends.  We could go to one with him,” Anita mused.  “There were those theater majors in our Theater 101 class that mentioned a house off-campus they go and party at. They said we should come out with them some time,” I added.  “That sounds like an active social life for us,” Anita responded gleefully.
Anita told me that, Dean had recently joined an intramural soccer team, and made quite a few new friends. Where have I been?  Anyway, tonight they were getting together to celebrate making the championship round of the league.  A couple of the guys had a duplex in a neighborhood infamous for partying.  
When we got to the neighborhood we saw our fellow students wandering up and down the street, like one long outdoor party.  Many of them were walking wobbly lines, even though it was only eight o’clock at night.  “I guess they start and finish early around here,” I commented.  “Hey girls, come on over here,” a slurred voice called out to Anita and I.  “What a nice neighborhood your friends live in Dean,” said Anita, sarcastically.  
“Hey, Chloë, when we get our own place, lets not move here,” Anita continued.  “Oh please Anita!  I love being hit on by drunk strangers,” I mocked.  “Come on we’re here already,” Dean said as he ushered us through a two-story condo.  Loud music boomed through the front door as we entered.
I grabbed Anita’s arm, “This is necessary right?”  “Oh, come on let’s dance,” Anita ordered.  I giggled, why was I treating this like some form of medieval torture?  I wasn’t in the mood, but this was supposed to be fun.  “Okay, let’s dance,” I agreed.
Anita and I weaved our way through the gyrating bodies, deftly avoiding keg cups, until we found an empty place we could dance unmolested.  Not a fan of rap music, I could not identify the song blasting on the sound system, but it had a beat that was easy to dance to. We hadn’t made it through an entire song before men surrounded us.  
I scanned the room for Finn.  “Hey beautiful, you don’t need to look for anyone else, just dance with us,” one of the guys ordered.  Anita’s face went from mildly amused to a mask of irritation.  Her lips were closed tight, probably concealing her emerging fangs.  We were closed in on all sides.  The smell of alcohol poured off of them.  If we were normal girls this would have been a threatening situation.  As it was, we couldn’t get ourselves out without revealing our "otherness."
I saw Dean talking to a few of his new friends, and I stared his direction willing for him to come and save us, unfortunately I failed to get his attention.  I couldn’t find Finn anywhere.  I felt desperate to get out of this situation. So much so that I felt my feet begin to leave the floor.  Anita, placed a warning hand on my shoulder to keep me grounded.  
I saw a familiar face making way through the crowd.  I don’t know why he was there, but I didn’t care so long as he helped me out of this mess without giving myself away.  My personal resistance was melting away, I have seconds left, if that.  I am a magical time bomb that will explode if I am not freed from here in… “You need to leave these ladies alone now,” Grey ordered.  “Says who?” one of the drunk college men demanded.  
Grey’s coal dark eyes issued a silent warning to the belligerent students.  Not completely ignorant to danger, they began to back away.  “Thank you,” I said.  Anita immediately wandered off to go talk to Dean.  “I thought I wasn’t going to see you again,” I blurted out.  “I heard Alexander might come out to one of these parties, and I couldn’t risk letting you or Anita getting hurt. 
“Oh, come on you can’t kill an immortal,” I said trying to lighten the mood.  He was not in the mood for joking.  “There are worse things in this world than death, Chloë, you would do well to remember that.  Besides, you aren’t in your twenties.  You can be killed.  Hasn’t this been explained to you?”  “No, it hasn’t.  That is good information to know.”  
“Chloë, darling, I was avoiding you only because not being with you is hard for me.  If you were hurt…I don’t think I could handle that.”  “That is very sweet.  Tonight you are my personal hero. Thank you for saving us.”  Grey bowed slightly, like a medieval knight might have. 
“You’re eyes are quite green.  How are you hiding that from the humans?”  I smiled, “I’m not. I tell them they are fashion contacts.  They will believe anything if it is the slightest bit possible.”  
I looked around the room searching for possible threats. “Have you actually seen Alexander out tonight?  I haven’t seen anything more frightening than drunk hormonal college students trying to force themselves on each other.  No, strike that.  The scariest thing I have seen tonight was the look on Anita’s face when that guy tried to grind against her leg to some rap song. I think she bit her own tongue trying to hide her fangs.  I have had it with keg parties.” 
“Are you a little nervous to see me?” Grey asked coolly.  I grinned sheepishly, “I suppose I am.  I’m sorry for how things worked out.  It wasn’t that my feelings changed.  It is hard for me to be around you now, even.  It’s just that my feelings for him grew.  Sorry, you probably don’t want to hear about that.  I just, I… I have no idea what to say to you, except I’m sorry.”  “You don’t need to apologize to me, I’ve been there before myself.  Just be happy.  It is what I want most for you.”  “You really are misunderstood, aren’t you?”  “Except by you it seems. Tragic isn’t it?”
I scanned the room again.  Now I was anxious because I hadn’t seen Finn in a really long time.  “He’s been gone for a while now hasn’t he?” Grey asked.  “Yes,” I replied quickly.  “And this is unusual?”  “Yes,” I answered again.  “I suppose we had better find him,” Grey stated reluctantly.  “He would be the perfect target for Alexander.  Mostly unaware of what powers he possesses, and unable to control the ones he is aware of,” I pointed out.  “You are absolutely right.  I hadn’t thought about that,” Grey agreed, “we should hurry then.”  
Chapter Nineteen

We made our way through the party toward the back door.  He was nowhere to be found inside the house. Grey pointed toward the back of the dining area where people kept coming and going to get beer.  That was the most likely place to find him if he wasn’t inside.  I nodded my head and followed him through the people. 
The keg was outside on the concrete patio and several people congregated around it.  So many people were inside the house that the sliding glass door was covered in steam.  It was the middle of October already, and the nights were chilly.  The people outside were dressed in leather jackets, sweatshirts, or long sleeved shirts.
I was afraid of what we might find once we got outside. We first noticed the people who were outside to smoke a cigarette. The gray haze hung in the air, with its swirling shapes choking out the fresh air of the fall night.  Then I saw Finn lounging casually against the wall talking to…Cynthia.
My hands balled into fists. There had to be an explanation, but he seemed to be relaxed and having fun.  He did not seem cornered or in any way as if he were trying to extract himself from this conversation.  Worst of all, he was not looking for me.  
I could feel the smugness rolling off of Grey as we stood there.  I could hear his thoughts, but I was too irritated to think about that too hard. He felt as if I had made the wrong choice.  He was thinking that he would never have left me alone to face those cretins while he talked to another woman; in fact, he didn’t.
My irritation bubbled to anger the longer I stood there and watched them converse.  I walked straight toward him, “There you are Finn.  I just wanted to make sure you were alright.  Anita and I ran into Grey inside and he said you could have been in trouble.  But I can see you are fine, so be careful.  Hello Cynthia.  Well, I will leave you alone.  I’m going back to the dorm. Good night.”  I stormed off, and Grey followed after me.  I did not go back into the house, however, but around the outside and out to the street.  Finn did not follow after me.
Grey caught up to me when I reached the street.  “You look very angry.”   My hands still in fists were threatening to expel a powerful burst of magical energy, but I was concentrating hard on preventing it.  “Chloë, breath.” I exhaled a strong gust of air.  “Good, now, lets get you back to your room.” And for the moment I was fine with letting him take care of everything.
My mind swirled in confusion.  I trusted Finn, I chose him.  I gave up Grey for him.  None of these things were easy for me.  Grey asked nothing of me.  Yet it seemed like every time I turned around Finn was either backing away from me, or pushing me away.  Why does he only want me when he can’t have me? 
Trust was hard for me.  I’ve never had anyone to depend on.  My mother sent me away, or sent for me based on her needs, not mine.  None of my family had called me since I started school.  I never really had close friends.  I couldn’t, because I went to many different schools. As a result, I’ve gotten used to being alone, closed off, and untrusting.  
“We are here,” Grey’s smooth voice whispered.  I must have worked myself into a trance during the five minutes it takes to drive from the party back to the dorm.  I looked around, and noticed he had carried me all the way up to my room.  “Now that is great service,” I joked.
“I’m sorry about your evening,” Grey said.  “Are you really?”  “Yes. I do not like to see you get hurt.  Even if it advances my cause.  Plus, if it were me, I would appreciate a chance to explain myself.”  “Why didn’t he follow me if there was an explanation?” I asked.  “That is not a question I can answer.  But I am going to leave now so you can get one.  Rest assured though, if it is not to your satisfaction, I will be back.” 
“Why do you like me?” “Why wouldn’t I?  It isn’t just that you are beautiful, Chloë.  Even though you are the most stunning woman I have ever met.  You are also smart, funny, confident, and caring.  Plus you have that je ne sais quoi, that pulls me to you.  I haven’t felt like this in hundreds of years.  I can wait for you to decide what you want.  Get your explanation sweetheart, you won’t be able to move past tonight without one.”
Grey launched himself out of the window.  I stood there staring, thinking, waiting, but for what I wasn’t sure.  Then I heard voices from down below.  One belonged to Grey, the other was a voice I had never heard before, and they were arguing.  Without thinking I levitated out of the window to assist Grey, as if he would need my help, and entered into a nightmare.
“Chloë, you should have stayed put,” Grey growled.  “I see that now,” I said tersely.  “Aah, the beautiful Chloë.  I have heard so much about you.  What plans Simone and I have for you!  Too bad you won’t appreciate them, really.”  
“And you must be Alexander.  I suppose it would be poor manners for me to set you on fire right now?  I’m supposed to pretend to be afraid, and ask who Simone is, right?  But, no because surely you know that I can ask my mother, don’t you?  Tsk, tsk, tsk, Alex.  Can I call you Alex?  You really shouldn’t have come here.  I know too much just by looking at you.  Now shoo.”  
I opened my palm and blasted Alexander with a jolt of electricity. It was stronger than was necessary, but I was still very angry and presented with the perfect object to release my frustration.  I pursed my lips and blew a gust of wind that sent him flying through the air.  Once he managed to get on his feet he took off as fast as he could in the opposite direction.
“What was that?” Grey asked.  “Was that wrong?” I inquired puzzled.  “No, quite the opposite.  He is rather formidable, and you really worked him over,” he answered with pride.  “Well I was still angry, and he provided me with a very satisfying outlet. I would like to have killed him, but there are too many potential witnesses here.” “How do you feel now?” “Not great but better.”  “Good, because I am actually leaving this time.  Have a better rest of your evening.” “I will, and thank you for tonight.”  Grey nodded and disappeared from sight.
It seemed too risky to levitate back into my window, so I went in through the back door.  I managed to avoid talking to any of the people who were milling about in the common room.  Then I noticed Finn walk in the front door with Cynthia.  My eyes narrowed.  So far I wasn’t liking the resolution.  Well if he wanted her he could have her, and all of the lies he would have to tell that went with it.  
I turned sharply and began to head upstairs.  “Chloë,” Cynthia called out, “did you have fun at the party?”  She wore a smug smile that suggested she thought she had something over me.  “Not really,” I replied blandly.  “That is too bad,”  Cynthia said with false interest.  I turned to leave again.  “So who was that guy you were with?  Did you say his name was Grey?  What an odd name.”
Finn’s jaw tightened.  “Yeah, his name is Grey.  He is a friend of Anita’s and mine.  He is helping us on a research project we are working on, and he had some information for us he thought would be important,” I said in code hoping my point would be understood.  Finn raised his eyebrows.  
“At a party?  Seriously you should learn to leave school work behind sometimes, Chloë,” Cynthia criticized.  “I guess, but the deadline is fast approaching, and I wanted to be prepared,” I said, again in code.  “Whatever, you are weird,” Cynthia said.  This time she didn’t stop me as I turned and walked away.
I opened the door to my room, using magic since I left my keys inside when I exited the window, and found Anita and Dean waiting for me.  “Well there you are!” exclaimed a worried Anita.  “Sorry, Finn pissed me off so I booked,” I answered apologetically.  “I kinda figured something like that. I saw him with Cynthia too.” “Me too,” Dean admitted embarrassed.  Anita hit him on the arm.
“Hey, I didn’t do it.  I was mad about it too.  I didn’t want to say anything in case you didn’t see him.  I was hoping there was a good excuse.  I still am hoping,” he explained.  
“Well, you can stop.  I just saw him down stairs with her.  They just came back, together.  She is all gloaty, and he didn’t even say one word to me.  Not even when I told her Grey and I were just friends and he is someone who is helping Anita and I on a research project that has a really close deadline.  But, they were out there before Grey and I went to look for him, so his attitude has nothing to do with seeing me talking to Grey.”
“He is so damn irritating, I mean yesterday everything was perfect.  And now?  I didn’t see it coming,” I confessed.  “He’s an idiot,” Anita answered simply.  “If he can’t see you are the absolute best thing for him, well he can take a flying leap,” she continued.  “Thanks. It still hurts, but thanks.”
“Why did Grey come back tonight?  I didn’t get a chance to thank him for saving us from those drunken idiots whose throats I almost ripped out,” Anita said.  “I want to thank him too,” Dean said.  “Oh, he came to warn us Alexander might be prowling the parties.  As it turned out he encountered him outside of our dorm right as he was leaving tonight.  I jumped out the window and  kicked his ass.” “You what?” Anita asked astounded.  “That was Grey’s reaction too.” I relayed the entire encounter to them, leaving nothing out.
“So what do you think is going to happen between you and Finn now?” Anita asked.  “I don’t know.  My knee jerk reaction is to run out and hurt him right back.  My pride is telling me to turn to someone who cares about me, so I can feel better about myself.  My heart is torn between waiting for an explanation and finding comfort where I can get it,” I responded.  “So what did that comfort tell you?” Anita asked.  “Huh, I’m confused,” Dean responded.
“Grey, keep up,” Anita said to Dean.  “It isn’t like that. I have feelings for him too.  I don’t know.  Maybe this is for the best after all.  I shouldn’t have started something with Finn when I do have feelings for someone else as well.  This whole thing is a mess.  But to answer your question, Grey said if it were him he would want the benefit of the doubt and the ability to explain himself.”  “Wow. I may have misjudged him.  That is…I mean, its just so…wow.  Why did you pick Finn?”  
I giggled, “Right now, I’m not sure.  Not that it matters it seems.”  “You know what I said about Cynthia being right and we should do a better job of blending in and going to parties, the whole college experience, etc.?  Well, to hell with that and to hell with her!” Anita proclaimed.  “Now where was this sensible, sane Anita earlier this evening?” As usual she picked up a pillow off her bed and threw it at me with vampiric speed. 

Chapter Twenty

The next morning I woke up to insistent knocking on the door.  I glanced over at the other bed and noticed Anita was already gone.  It was only nine in the morning, and my first class was cancelled because the professor had a conference to attend that day.  I would have to catch up with Anita in theater.  I got up and answered the door.
Finn rushed in.  “We need to talk,” he said.  “I’m listening,” I said curtly.  “Dean had been going on all day yesterday about how well everything was going with the four of us.  He was saying we should all get a house together next year.  He kept saying you and I seemed pretty serious.  And, your eyes were still bright green.  You told me how strong you felt for me.  It isn’t that I didn’t feel the same way, but I freaked out.  I’m really sorry. I don’t know what I want.”
“I’ll make it easy for you. I can’t do this. I’m just as bad at this as you are, but I decided to try.  If I had freaked out I would have at least told you first, so I’m telling you now.  This is too much for me.  Just answer me one question.  Why Cynthia?”
“I don’t know.  We were just talking.  I’m not sure if I wanted to make you mad or jealous.  I’m very sorry.  I don’t want things to be over.  I’m just not ready for every thing to be so set in stone for us to be forever when that could be infinite.” 
“Well, like I said, you don’t have to worry about it anymore, because I am out.  I don’t care what Dean said.  I’m sorry if I caused you to panic, but I’m not sure I’m the infinity type.  I really don’t have that kind of role model myself.  Hell my own parents only lasted as long as they felt like it.  My mother has never even been married.  I’m sorry if I gave you that impression.”
“Does this mean you got back together with Grey last night?” Finn asked hesitantly.  “No, actually.  I’m not sure what I am going to do.  I don’t think it would be fair to him if I rushed back to him on the rebound.  If, we start dating, it will be for the right reasons, completely removed from anything to do with you,” I replied.  “Isn’t there anything I can do?” he asked.  “No, not this time.  Finn, this is the second time you have done this to me. What I don’t understand is why didn’t I pick up on how you were feeling?”  
“Honestly everything was fine until yesterday.  I wasn’t confused.  I wasn’t panicked.  I knew what I wanted.  Even as we walked to the party I still felt possessive of you, and then we got there, and all of a sudden I felt the need to run, to get away.  It was a primal fear kind of feeling.  I saw Cynthia, and instead of seeing the usual nuisance she is, I saw a giant exit sign.  Then this morning I woke up feeling like an idiot who had made the biggest mistake of his life.  I can’t explain my behavior.  It must have made some sense to me last night, but I can’t figure out what that was today.”
Listening to him something occurred to me.  I’ve heard this before.  Not from Finn, but somewhere.  I motioned for my drawer, located across the room, to open.  It pulled open with a creaking protest.  “Book,” I commanded.  The Daughters of the Moon, flew through the air and landed in my open hands. 
I quickly, but carefully, opened the book to the page with an anti-love spell.  “What did you find?” I turned the book toward Finn and showed him the spell.  “A spell, see it doesn’t really make people fall out of love so much as make them feel sort of trapped in their relationship.” 
“So this was all a spell?” he asked.  “More than likely,” I replied.  “Did you hear anyone speaking Latin at the party?” I asked.  “I saw a tall red head wearing a pentagram, I thought I heard her say something in a different language.  But the music was so loud it is really hard to say,” he answered.  “Was that before or after you went outside?”  “Before,” he replied.  “I am willing to bet Simone has red hair,” I said mostly to myself.
“Who is Simone?” he asked.  “Oh, yeah.  I forgot how much you missed out on last night.  She is the leader of the necromancers.  I found that out from Alexander when he threatened me last night, right before I kicked his ass.   He wasn’t under any sort of spell either.  The rest of them might not be either, so our plans have all gone to hell.  That is one more thing to worry about.”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you last night.  Where does this leave us?  Knowing I was under a spell has to help some what, right?”  
“I’m not sure.  The spell works by augmenting feelings and fears that pre-existed. The way you chose to act on those feelings was not dictated by the spell.  And, if I am being completely honest, what it did manage to do is point out to me I still have feelings for Grey.  I’m not being fair to either of you or myself if I continue a relationship with you right now knowing I have strong feelings for both of you.  So my answer is, I don’t know.  Last night you were freaked out, and today I am.  I told you, I am just as bad at this as you are.”
“How does this keep getting so screwed up?” Finn wondered out loud.  “I’m not sure.  Maybe we should just not do anything. Take a few days to think,” I suggested.  “Okay,” he agreed.  I smiled half-heartedly, kissed his cheek, and closed the door behind him.
Chapter Twenty-One
	
For the next few days I immersed myself in my routine.  I woke up at ten, showered, grabbed a coffee, and dashed to class barely on time.  There was so much on my mind, but I could only handle immediate tasks.  On Saturday I got up early, put on my favorite Levis, a warm cable knit sweater, a super warm ski coat, and my favorite boots. I was ready to go walking in the woods.  
With only a week until Halloween, the October air whipped violently, and was bitterly cold. My face felt assaulted as soon as I got out of my car at one of the many small lakes in the mountains near Roslyn. I pulled into an empty camping site, being so late in the fall only hikers came up here this time of the year.  Today was unusually cold.  I pulled my coat tight around myself and walked down the incline toward the shore of the glacial waters concealed by the forest.
The thick evergreens gave way to the sandy soil of the clearing.  This was as much of a beach as this lake offered.  The aqua blue colored water lapped up against the mixture of mud and smooth stones gathered at the edge of the soil.  The water smelled cold.  
The wind tunneled between the mountains that fed this glacial lake and stung my uncovered skin.  Still, I stood staring at the small waves stirred beneath their might.  The sting reminded me I had uncomfortable things to think about.   My hair whipped about.  I could feel her eyes on my back.  Searching for her, I turned toward the trees.  
Mickey perched on the closest pine to the trail.  I knew she would be here.  She screeched and the sound ripped through the quiet morning.  “Hello my friend,” I greeted.  She scanned the perimeter before she stretched her wings and glided down from her perch in the trees.  I offered her my outstretched arm, and she expertly landed on it.  Mickey stretched her three-foot wide wingspan, flapped, slightly raising herself and her hold on my coat.  
I knew better than to try and pet her.  She may come near me, offer her assistance to me, and be fairly friendly, but she was still a wild hawk.  Where she went and what she did when we were not together was a complete mystery to me.  
Hawks don’t chirp.  They don’t make cute cooing noises.  They are efficient predators, not cute parakeets.  Cute no, but definitely beautiful and majestic. Mickey was a marvelous creature, and I had great respect for her.  
I could tell by her extremely focused gaze she wasn’t just checking in on me. She had a message to deliver.  Her dark eyes focused on mine.  I looked into the face that was the last thing so many small creatures of this forest saw.  The powerful hooked beak, the small white and brown feathers of her face, and finally those all-seeing eyes.
The fog rolled in, my head swirled with a feeling of vertigo as images competed to be played in my mind.  It felt like having information downloaded straight into my brain.  Usually I watch as a scene from the past, or a future event is played for me, but nothing stood out.  It was not anything I could see, just a feeling of knowing, or rather that I would know soon.  I had waited too long to come here, she had too much to say, and it came in too quickly.  
I had no idea how long I had been standing there by myself, what time it was, but it seemed to be colder, and I had a growing sense of foreboding.  I did not catch any scenes this time, except one image that I already suspected. Alexander was not under anyone’s control.  Everything he was doing was with his own knowledge and volition.
There were other pieces of information floating around in my head, and I needed to get back to let them settle into place.  I walked up the hill, more fatigued than I should be considering I had not walked far, and had been standing in one place for the majority of the time I had spent at the lake.  I made it to my car, slid into my seat and drove the winding roads back through the picturesque town of Roslyn toward Ellensburg.
I didn’t look at my clock the entire drive back to the dorm.  I had been gone since about eight in the morning, very early for me. I didn’t really care what time it was. There wasn’t anything for me except problems to solve.   It had gotten very foggy when Mickey delivered her messages to me, and it had not let up, so I had not noticed how far down the sun was in the sky.
I walked into the downstairs common area of my dorm, via the parking side entrance, and found everyone waiting for me.  “You didn’t answer your cell!” Anita accused.  I reached into my pocket, and sure enough I had nearly a dozen missed calls.  “Sorry,” I shrugged, “I guess I didn’t have reception where I was.”  
I began to walk past them.  I glanced down at my boots, there was sand and a little bit of mud around the soles.  My coat had sap on the sleeve where Mickey had perched.  I smelled like pine, cold mountain air, and hawk.  Surely I wouldn’t have to tell them where I was.  Mostly I was completely exhausted.  The clock indicated it was quarter to five.  It was much later than I thought, I wanted to eat, shower and go to sleep.
Finn stepped in front of me.  “Your eyes are brown.”  “Mmhhhm, they have been for a week now,” I responded.  I went to move around him, but he put his hands on my shoulders stopping me from moving forward.  “Why didn’t I notice?” he asked, mostly to himself.  I shrugged again, “Finn, I am extremely tired.  If we need to talk right now, can we continue this in my room?”  “Sure,” he said, and slyly placed his arm around my shoulder.
I wasn’t sure what he was up to.  This was not where we were right now.  Then out of the corner of my eye I saw Cynthia frozen in the doorway of the rec room, with a look of hatred on her face.  Suddenly I understood, but I didn’t know if I should feel flattered by the vindication, or pity her as a fellow pawn he used to boost his ego.  I just had too much rattling around in my brain to work it out at the moment.
“Was that truly necessary?” I asked as he closed the door to my room.  “What?” he asked trying to seem innocent.  He failed.  “You know what.  That show you just put on for Cynthia.  Do you enjoy winding her up and watching her explode?  I told you I don’t want to do this anymore.  That includes this crap with her as well.  You know I wonder if she mostly wants you because I do.”
“You still want me?” Finn asked encouraged.  “Oh just shut up a minute will you? I have an idea.”  “That look on your face makes me think it is a bad one.” “Yeah, probably.  I was just thinking if she thought that if I were interested in someone else if she would go after him also.  So tell me honestly is this about your ego, or what?”  
“I don’t know.  When I am around human women they start throwing themselves at me, and it is incredibly hard to resist.  She is the most brazen about it.  I want to avoid her, but yeah I guess I like the attention.  I didn’t show you off to keep her going. I did it to intimidate her so she would leave me alone.  So, let me ask you, is this is an obstacle that is too hard to get over?”  
I sat still for a minute, my eyes flashed green, and I heard Finn catch his breath.  Images began to race before my eyes.  I saw two futures. One scenario had the four of us united. The other future had the four of us separated, and still trying to connect.  The fork between these two futures was Cynthia.  How, was still unclear.  I reached blindly for his hand.
He answered my searching reach with his long fingers clutched around my smaller manicured ones.  Cynthia, in the eyes of Mickey, was a pest, a swallow diving constantly chasing her away from her prey.  I don’t know why she was comparing Finn to prey, but her belief that Cynthia should be driven away was clear.
Cynthia was preventing Finn from reaching the height of his powers.  Getting rid of Cynthia as the pest that Mickey viewed her to be, was essential to achieving the future where we were united and powerful.  If the alternate future occurred, defeating Simone and Alexander would be impossible.  Simone and Alexander, “Simone and Alexander,” I said aloud.  “What?” Finn asked confused.
“Sorry, several things are coursing through my brain.  I went to Roslyn today and hiked down to one of the lakes. Don’t ask which, I couldn’t direct you to it if I tried.  Anyway, I met with Mickey, my hawk, and there were so many images I am still sorting them out.  First Alexander is not under the control of the necromancers, he is with Simone, I believe romantically.  We will have to figure that out.   And Cynthia is keeping you from achieving your complete potential.  Mickey hates her by the way.”
“Imagine that, your hawk doesn’t like Cynthia.  Will wonders never cease,” Finn said sarcastically.  “I don’t own her, she is a wild animal,” I answered defiantly.  “Well how do you propose we rid ourselves of her?” “I could teleport her to the top of the Himalayas,” I replied sarcastically.  “That does not sound like a good idea,” Finn answered.  “No, but it would be a very satisfying solution for me.”  
“I guess we may have to learn to live with her.  I will have to learn to ignore her better than I have, and you will have to stop letting her get under your skin.”  I groaned dramatically, and Finn rolled his eyes at me.  Yes I was being a drama queen, but her presence irked me.  I would revisit the idea of sending her to the top of a mountain.  
“Ignore her, got it.  I will try, but it is going to take Herculean effort.”  “I know,” he said laughing.  Then he reached out and patted my head.  Ehhh!  Could he be more patronizing?  I suppose it is possible, but I am not sure how.  Perhaps since he is the cause of most of the turmoil between Cynthia and myself he is unable to see how frustrating it is to deal with her.  
I picked up a pillow from behind me, and I threw it at him.  It really was a stress reliever, now I understand why Anita does it all the time.   Finn’s eyes blazed blue like a wild untamed sea before a storm.  He mistook my annoyance for flirtation.  He leaned forward, to pull me down into an embrace, something I was not completely opposed to, but not completely open to either. 
 I was trying to quickly make up my mind or find an out.  I could feel his breath tickle my neck while he whispered something to me I did not hear.  He moved my hair away from my neck and shoulder.  My heart began to pound rapidly, because of indecision not desire.  Yet again he misread the sign, and gently stroked the side of my face.  Did I want him to stop?  
Then, my phone began to buzz indicating I had a text message.  “I…I need to get that.  I have been waiting on a message from Grey.”  That ought to kill the mood.  Finn dropped his hand and noticeably moved away from me.  “Him again?” Finn muttered under his breath.  “Finn, we need his help.  I need to tell him what I found out today, and see if he has any ideas about how we can defeat Alexander and Simone.”  
“I understand.  I just don’t like being part of a triangle.  And, I can’t wait until you make up your mind.”  “Even if I don’t choose you?”  “I, well, no, I guess I haven’t really thought about that.   It’s just I feel very confident you are going to choose me.  It feels like our destinies are tied together.” 
 “I understand.  In a way I feel the same. I know I am supposed to be figuring out my destiny, but I am still irritated by the idea of having one.  I want to be able to determine my own future, not have it predetermined for me.  When I look around this campus I see other students trying to pick a major, learn who they are, and not one of them has to shoulder the weight of a magical dynasty.  Don’t you feel like it is too much, having so much of your life already decided?”
“I haven’t thought about it much.  Just having powers is a bit much for me to handle.  I haven’t thought about the destiny portion of this yet.”  “Anyway, there will be time to think about that later, but for now we have the small matter of preventing more disappearances.”  
“You said once Grey had a charm to prevent the necromancers from gaining control over him.  Can you create charms we can use to break the spell controlling the vampires?” Finn asked.  
“There is an icon of a sun and moon together. It cancels out the darkness that comes over them while they are under the necromancer’s spell.  The moon is combined with the sun because vampires are unable to enter the daylight, it must be balanced with the night.  Not only is the amulet, charm, talisman, what ever you prefer to call it, representational of the spell that is cast on it, but also it has psychological effects for the recipient of the charm.”
“Can we use this against them?”  “There is a chance.  I think.  But we are going to have to find their daytime resting place.  We are going to have to figure out how many of them there are.  And then we are going to have to make the charms, and place them on the vampires without getting caught.  Of course, this is not going to work on Alexander, because he isn’t under a spell.  And that is assuming the rest of the vampires are.” “Are we sure it is more than one?” Finn asked.  “Yeah, Anita picked up the scent of more than one vampire in the library.”
“Where are we going to get these charms?” he asked.  “There is a silversmith here in town I met that can make them.  He will need to know how many we need, of course.  So before we make charms we need to take a vampire census.”  “We won’t have to do another one ten years from now will we?” “No,” I picked up my phone, “I really should read this.”  “Yeah, I guess you want privacy for that.  We’ll talk again later.”  Finn looked at me seriously, “Chloë, don’t give up on me yet.”
“Finn…I care about you, a lot, but until you are sure.  One hundred percent sure you want me and only me, you gotta let me be.  I can’t keep doing this.  Don’t you see you are breaking my heart slowly and repeatedly.”  “God, Chloë.  Shit, I’m sorry.  I don’t have an excuse except for being an ass.  I’ll try okay?” 
“Do better than try. I’m not sure I have it in me to give you another chance, and if I do keep in mind you are running out of them. But, I do have some things to figure out before we go out hunting vampires.  The sooner we get going on this, the sooner it is over.  Maybe we can still salvage some of this year and have a normal college experience.”  Finn laughed a little darkly, “As normal as a witch, an elf, a shape-shifter, and a half-vamp can have.”  “Alright, normal for us,” I replied.
Chapter Twenty-Two

An eighteen and older dance was being held at the Elks club downtown.  Grey’s text alerted me that some of Alexander’s vampires were planning on attending the dance and abducting another student tonight.  How was he getting this information?  
It had been a very long day already, and the last thing I was looking forward to was another party.  Especially one I knew was likely to end in a violent confrontation.  
Anita and I stood in front of our wardrobe mirrors getting ready.  She was putting the finishing touches on her make-up.  She was wearing bronze colored metallic pants, a black sleeveless shirt, black leather boots, and a black leather jacket.  She was applying a bronze lip glaze, to match her eye shadow. The effect made her appear sun kissed.  Ironic really, a sun kissed vampire.
I chose to wear my hair in large curls. I applied a little more make-up than usual, still less than the skank brigade from the second floor, but a lot for me. I slicked nude colored lip-gloss on my mouth. My eyes were enhanced with smoky eye shadow.  I wore a crimson silk t-shirt and a pair of tight black pants.  Like Anita, I paired my outfit with black leather boots and a leather jacket.  I grabbed my small black purse and threw in what I would absolutely need inside and we walked out the door.
Downstairs Dean and Finn were waiting for us.  Dean was dressed casually, in jeans, nice tennis shoes, and a Puma brand sweatshirt.  “Funny,” I said pointing to his sweatshirt.  He shrugged with a smirk on his face.  “That’s my guy, always making a joke out of this whole thing,” Anita said lovingly.  Dean grinned his white boy-next-door smile.  “So long as its an inside joke, what can it hurt?” 
Finn was wearing designer jeans, a black button down shirt with white stripes, and black shoes.   Their different choices in clothes represented their different personalities.  Dean is more laid back, more comfortable being himself.  Finn is more of a planned person; he takes longer to get to know.
Dean retrieved his keys from his pocket and jingled them in front of all of us.  Anita and Finn looked longingly at me.  I chuckled.  “Sorry guys, but my car only seats two comfortably.  It looks like we are taking Dean’s beast of a truck.”  “Fine, but I don’t have to like it,” Anita grumbled.  “There is nothing wrong with my truck.”  “Oh, com’on, let’s go.  We are only going downtown anyway,” I refereed.
It took longer to find a parking spot in Ellensburg’s tiny, but quaint, downtown considering a majority of Central’s student body seemed to be making an appearance at this dance.  When we arrived there was a line half way down the block. “I still don’t know why we are doing this. It seems so pedestrian,” Anita complained.
“Do you have a better plan to figure out how many vampires are around, and how to stop them from abducting another student tonight?” I asked.  “Is this like a telethon?  We are going to dance to fight vampires?  I mean, seriously.  What is this the after-school special version of fighting in the supernatural world?” Anita replied sarcastically.  “Alright smart ass, I know it doesn’t sound reasonable when you put it like that.  We need to see if Grey’s information was right, and see if we can mark any of them,” I answered.
“Mark them?” Anita asked confused.  “Yeah.  I have these small charms for all of you.  They look like unisex dog tag style necklaces with a sapphire moon. There is a small indentation on the back you press when you see a vampire, while pointing the moon in their direction.  I charmed them so it will leave an invisible tracer that will help us find them after tonight.  Necromancers do not have the ability to perform this level of magic, so Simone will not be able to detect the spell either.”
I spoke to Grey briefly earlier in the evening.  He told me about the vampires plan, but he wasn’t sure if he was going to be able to come tonight or not.  He did not want us getting too close to the vampires to get hurt.  That would risk too much.  So I had to figure out how to learn as much as possible about the vampires without getting near them. 
I remembered telling Finn about the silversmith I had met, and that gave me an idea.  I made a call and found out a local environmentalist group had cancelled an expensive order for necklaces for their club.  I told him I would take five of them.  He dropped them off, and I got to work charming them.  
I didn’t have to speak Latin, or compose a rhyming stanza, but it did take a few extra steps.  I bought a state map, a container of invisible ink, and a paintbrush.  Next, I painted the invisible ink across the map. Then, I laid all of the necklaces out on the map.  I held my hands above the entire set up, my eyes became green, and the space between the map and my hands glowed with a brilliant green light also.  “Now you’ve been found, let you be known, seen by my eyes, and marked by this stone.” Okay, so I did get a little creative with this spell.  Completely unnecessary, but it kept my mind off of romantic drama.
With the spell all of the stones glowed blue for a few long seconds, and then slowly dimmed.  When they were back to their pre-charmed appearance I placed them in a velvet bag.  I took the bag out of my pocket now and handed one to everyone.  Now my friends and I were all wearing them. I still had one in my jacket pocket in case Grey did show up.  I was not sure if he would want one, but I thought it would be helpful if he would wear one. Especially since I had no idea how many vampires he ran into daily.
Slowly, we made our way to the front of the line, paid our cover charge, and received our ugly stamp to indicate we were too young to enter the bar area of the dance.  In the main room, the music was blasting, the lights were pulsing with the music, and more bodies were filing in.  A popular dance song with a Latin beat came on.  “I love this one!” Anita exclaimed.  “Come on, dance with me,” she demanded.  
Without waiting for a response she grabbed my arm and pulled me onto the dance floor.  The only thing I had time to do was hand my jacket and purse to Finn as she dragged me away.  I was trying to enjoy the song, but I was also trying to remain alert.  “Do you see anyone?” I asked her.  “No, not yet.  I don’t smell anyone either,” she replied.  “Right, I forgot about that.”
I looked in the corner and saw Grey lounging, watching the crowd.  I took out my cell and texted him.  <Hi, what are you doing all the way over there?> I wrote.  <I’m staying away from the elf> he responded.  <Probably a good idea. I have something for you.  I’ll send Anita.> I texted back.
“Anita, I have a charm for Grey too.  He is leaning in the corner near the DJ.  Can you go take it to him?” I asked.  “Why me?” “I am trying to keep Finn from going ballistic.  He hates Grey.  Even though he and I aren’t a couple we did come here together tonight, and if I go and talk to Grey that is going to piss him off.”  “Fine, give it to me,” she said and held out her hand.  I dropped the last charmed necklace into her hand, she turned and headed toward Grey. 
Anita returned in a blur of movement.  I scowled at her.  “What mom?” she snapped.  “You know what.  We are supposed to be keeping a low profile.  Humans can’t find out about us,” I warned her.  “Geez, you are just a barrel of fun aren’t you.  Relax.  The only ones that could see me we need to mark with these oh so fashionable accessories you provided us with.  Humans are too slow any way,” she retorted.  “Besides,” she continued, “Grey is in a horrible mood.  I didn’t want to be around him a second longer than was necessary.  I gave him the charm, told him how to use it, and then got the hell away.”
“Fantastic, now they are both in a bad mood,” I grumbled.  “Well, what do you expect Chloë?  You can’t keep stringing them both along, and expect them to thank you for it.”  “Have I done something to you?” I asked annoyed.  “I’m just tired of all of this drama.  I can’t wait for this to be over.  We certainly don’t need any extra with this crap that keeps brewing up around you.  I know it isn’t 100% your fault, but you aren’t doing much to stop it either.”  “Alright, do you have a suggestion?”  “Yeah, pick one or cut them both loose,” she said.
“You’re right.  Who should I pick?”  “Uhh!  You are impossible.  Well there I can’t help you.  I was hung up on Grey forever myself.  He is mysterious, he has a little of that bad boy thing, and he never lets you down.  Not to mention he is the definition of gorgeous.  And Finn, well he is Michelangelo’s David in the flesh.  But he knows that.  He adores you, but he keeps changing his mind.  You know what, I’ve been too hard on you. I’m sorry.  Can we blame this on PMS?”  “I have no problem forgetting the entire thing and blaming PMS.  In fact I’m all for blaming all sorts of things on that or on men,” I agreed and gave her a hug.  She laughed, “I knew there was I reason why I loved you.  You are just so reasonable.”
“Is this a private party or can we join in?” Dean asked from behind Anita.  Anita and I stepped apart before bystanders started to get the wrong idea.  Dean quickly swooped in and pulled Anita into his arms.  Finn stood awkwardly on the outer edges of our discussion.  He shuffled his feet, looked down at the floor, opened his mouth to speak, and instantly closed it again.  For a moment I caught his eye, and then he shifted his gaze away from me trying to conceal his discomfort.
A fast song started to play; Dean and Anita migrated toward the dance floor.  Once again Finn’s eyes, steel blue tonight, met mine.  Immediately his mood perceptively shifted.  He took a step towards me.  I turned my head sideways, and looked at him curiously.  He smirked at me.  Suddenly he slid his hands around my waist and pulled me to him.  We began to wind and twist around each other, not in the vulgar way so many others were doing around us, but as if we were carrying on a conversation without words.
I saw the scowl on Grey’s face from across the room.  I realized then what the smirk was about.  He had upset Grey, so he was happy.  I should have known. Finn was always playing a game.  He couldn’t simply acknowledge his feelings and give in to them.  No, he had to play a game.  As much as my heart wanted to choose him, my head told me it would be a bad idea.  
I pulled back.  “I knew there had to be a catch.  There had to be something more than just wanting to dance with me.  Why?  Why, can’t this ever be simple?”  I demanded.  “What are you talking about?” he asked.  “This little show you are putting on for Grey.” I pointed to where he was skulking.  “I can’t help he doesn’t like what he sees,” Finn stated coldly.  “Well you won’t use me for your revenge,” I snapped and started to walk away.  
“Chloë if you walk away now, this is it.  I’m done with this back and forth,” Finn threatened.  “That is fine with me.  I was done when you started ignoring me the first time we kissed, definitely after we got back together and you left me at that horrible party to talk to Cynthia of all people.  But tonight you are only paying attention to me to hurt someone else.  I’m walking away because I’m done with this!”
I walked up to Grey, and he put up his hand to stop me from talking.  However, stubbornness like mine is hard to fight, even for someone as formidable as Grey.  “I am sorry.  I had no idea what he was up to, but I should have.  I don’t know what else to say.”  I turned to walk away.  Then, his strong white hand firmly, yet gently grasped my shoulder, and prevented my departure.
“I was under the impression there was something more important on tonight’s agenda than flirting with your boyfriend.” Grey asked over my shoulder. “Yes there is.  And he isn’t my boyfriend.” 
“Why are you doing this to me Chloë?  I will not be your second choice every time things fall apart between you and the elf.” “No, you won’t.  Finn and I broke up on Wednesday because he, well, you were there.  And, later I realized I wasn’t being fair to either of you or to myself.  I was falling for both of you. I couldn’t continue on with him, while I still had feelings for you. I’m sorry, if it hurts, but it’s true,” I admitted.
Grey pressed his head against the curve of my neck and shoulder.  He sighed, and I could feel the pain I was causing him.  Anita was right.  I needed to make a decision.  As much as Finn was hurting me, that was how much I was hurting Grey.  
I reached back and touched the strong cool planes of his square jaw.  “I’m sorry I am hurting you.” Grey turned me around, and with one finger caught the single tear rolling down my cheek.  “Please, don’t cry.”  “But, I’m screwing everything up.  I don’t know what I am doing.  I’ve spent a lot of time alone in my life, but I’ve never felt as lonely as I do now,” I said sniffling.  
Grey leaned in close, his lips brushing against my ear, “You, darling, are not alone.”  I gazed into his night dark eyes.  In them I saw compassion, love, trust, and fierce protectiveness.  “I could live here,” I blurted out without thinking.  He smiled, “At the Elks club?” he asked sarcastically.  “Uh, no,” I answered embarrassed to be admitting it out loud, “in your eyes.”  “Then why don’t you?” He asked and gently kissed me on the cheek.  “Mmmhhm, why don’t I?” I murmured back.
Grey grabbed my hands and spun me out onto the middle of the floor.  “How about we start finding some vampires?” He suggested.  “Sounds like an excellent idea, why didn’t I think of it?” I replied somewhat mockingly.  He laughed, and began to guide me rhythmically to the music, through the crowd.  Anyone watching us would think we were the perfect couple, and we were having a good time while we hunted.
The strobe lights were a helpful tool in locating our prey.  As the lights danced around the dance floor, casting its unnatural glow, the unmistakable reflection of a vampire’s eyes was easily visible. Of course Grey can sense his own kind.  I can sense witches, but that doesn’t do any good while hunting vampires.
Grey was right, the vampires were coming out tonight.  Since I had separated from my friends I started seeing them entering the dance floor.  Once we identified one, we marked them with the charm.  It seemed as if we all had some sort of nervous twitch.  I didn’t mind if people thought I was odd, just as long as the vampires did not figure out I was casting a spell on them.  Oddly, none of them seemed to be looking for me.  
“Grey,” I asked scanning the room to make sure no one was near enough to overhear me, “why do you think no one is here looking for us.”  “Excellent question.  Alexander has always been a rather cocky sort.  I don’t know her, but if she is at all like him I would gather she is prone to over confidence.  I would imagine they see you as a young, untrained, witch with limited power,” Grey answered.  I dropped my head.  Lately I wasn’t completely sure they were wrong.  Grey shook his head at me, “They are wrong.  But let them think they are right for a while longer shall we?  This misconception of theirs works to our advantage.”
Chapter Twenty-Three

Nearly an hour passed before I even considered checking in with my friends.  Grey and I talked, danced, laughed, and were generally having a great time.  I was really going to have to evaluate why I thought choosing Finn over Grey was a good idea, because at that moment Finn couldn’t have been further from my mind.  I only noticed the time because I began to feel the penetrating gaze of disapproval.
I turned to offer a bitchy comment, to what I assumed could only be Finn.  That was when I saw the fiery brilliance of Simone’s titian waves flying around her head.  Alexander, the source of the glare, was focused on Grey.  I looked Simone straight in the eyes. Hers were a lifeless hazel/gray, while mine switched to jewel colored green.
Her eyebrows rose for a split second, before she recomposed her features.  Unfortunately for her it was not fast enough.  If she wasn’t afraid of me, I could see she was at least concerned.  Grey might want her to underestimate my abilities, but instilling a bit of fear could work too.
“My, my, what ugly ornaments you young witches are wearing these days,” Simone snidely commented.  “This old thing?” I asked, turning the amulet so that it marked Alexander in the process.  Her forehead scrunched while she was trying to comprehend what I was doing.  Then she laughed, “You could have just worn garlic, or some other mythical protection device, for all the good it would do.  That piece of costume junk isn’t going to protect you from me,” she said with confidence.
Now it was my turn to laugh.  Her knowledge of magic outside of necromancy was more limited than I had assumed.  “Simone, you’re making a mistake by underestimating me.  Don’t worry about it though, I will show you the error of your logic soon enough,” I replied.  
“You are eighteen, and I am nearly as old as your mother.  Do not think you can best me, neophyte!” Simone nearly shrieked.  
“You are a necromancer and I am a witch, don’t forget your place in the hierarchy.  And do you think my mother would allow her heir to be uneducated in witchcraft?  I could make you leave here, if I wanted to risk the exposure.”
“Who, you and the supernatural community’s pre-school class?”  “No, I was thinking more like myself and my wand.”  In my open hand the green haze of my magic started swirling, solidifying, and transforming into my wand.  “Parlor tricks wont scare me little witch,” Simone warned.
“Certainly not, nor would I expect them to.”  Grey leaned close to me with an amused look on his face and whispered in my ear.  I smiled broadly, “I wonder what the peak of Mount Rainier looks like at night.  Let me know will you?”  I did not need to speak a specific word or phrase.  In fact, mentioning where she was going was completely superfluous, but it did add to the theatrical effect of our little showdown.  
Simone sneered, but then she must have noticed the glow of the crystal at the end of my wand.  I was channeling the effect of the magic slowly, for personal satisfaction of watching the realization hit her.  She understood what was about to occur about a fraction of a second before I allowed her to become engulfed in the green haze that was summoned to transport her to the top of that frigid, volcanic peak.  
When the smoke cleared, she was gone.  Alexander, completely dumbfounded, hissed.  “How would you like a demonstration? I’m sure I could find a sunny location for you somewhere,” I taunted.  “Some other time witch.  It appears I have some climbing ahead of me,” he spit out.
I realized several things all at once.  First, slowing my magic down, while incredibly satisfying, was also draining.  I felt incredibly tired all of a sudden.  Second, although (luckily) none of the humans clued in to our little skirmish, plenty of vampires did.  They were exiting the Elk’s club at blinding speed.  Finally, I realized it was possible to defeat Simone.  And on a personal note, I finally got to send someone to the top of a glacial covered mountain.  That would certainly save me from accidentally sending Cynthia there.
I would need to figure out something other than sending her hours away.  Even if I sent her across the globe, she appeared determined enough to return.  We must move forward with our plans, while she was temporarily absent.  That meant I would not find time to rest right now.  Why hadn’t I sent her around the globe?  Well, it had been a long day.
Anita was emerging from the crowd as if she were the bronze image of a revered goddess.  The transfixed glare of men and women bathed her in adoration.   I turned to Grey, “She is doing that on purpose isn’t she.  She is hypnotizing them into worshiping her.”  Grey on the other hand was not amused.  
“Now you see why I have worked so hard to prevent her immersion into my world.  You know she sees me as detached and possibly evil.  My worry is about what havoc she could reap if she ever did turn completely into a vampire.  Alexander and I both to some extent can gain the interest of humans.  He, of course, uses it for hunting, while I use it to hide in plain sight.  Anita, on the other hand, could force humans to worship her.  What she would do with that power only she could determine, but the appeal of devotion is strong.”
“I am glad then, that you rescued her.  Why is she so different?” I asked continuing the conversation, not really expecting an answer.  “Hmm, I thought you might have found out by now.  Anita’s father is a wizard.  It has been a while since we have really talked, I still need to tell Anita,” Grey reminded me.  “What? I’m sorry, she’s a witch?” I blurted out shocked.
“Shh. I meant to tell her first, but…well, look at her. Anita’s mother is human, and her father is a wizard.  His name is Carlos Sanchez.  He left when she was very young.  She doesn’t know why, but from what I have learned he left to conceal his family’s identity.” “So Anita isn’t just half-vampire?” I said, trying to understand what he was telling me.  “That was why I investigated in the first place, because I have never heard of the phenomenon occurring.  Then again, no vampire until Alexander had ever been foolhardy enough to turn a witch, even a half-witch.”  “Is it even possible for a witch to become a vampire?” I still could not get my mind around what he was telling me.
“I do not think so.  We are all magical creatures.  To transform another supernatural creature’s essence with that of a vampire would most likely be toxic.  Anita has never understood the depth to which she was transformed.  It does not take several days to change someone into a vampire.  One night most often does the trick.  That is why Alexander has always been so intrigued by Anita.  I have allowed both of them to continue to believe I saved her.  In truth I only removed her from her surroundings before she had a chance to give in to the life he was trying to force on her.  No, Anita is not half-vampire half-human.  She is half-vampire and half-witch.”
For some reason he felt the need to keep this information from her, and I began to fear her path through the crowd was heading in our direction.  I knew Grey well enough now to trust his judgment on this matter, at least until I had more information.  I scanned the crowd, and didn’t see Anita anywhere near us.  Then I caught sight of Dean’s muscular frame pressed against her on the far wall.  It appeared their relationship was playing around the definition of his “no sex” rule.
I felt drunk, not on alcohol since I hadn’t even drank water, but rather on information.  There was so much data swimming in my brain, I felt I was loosing the floor.  Without realizing it I began to go down.  I opened my eyes a few seconds later to find myself nestled in Grey’s steely arms. 
“You need to rest,” he told me.  I shook my head. “I need to get the information on the vampires completed so I can have the charms made,” I reminded him.  “None of these plans will work if you are too tired to control the magic,” Grey whispered seductively in my ear.  “True,” I said, almost yawning.  “Come now, beautiful one, le me get you to bed,” he cooed.  “I think Anita and Dean would like some time alone,” I answered him, still trying to be stubborn.  “I was not planning on taking you home dear one. At least not to yours,” he murmured against my cheek.
“Grey, are you suggesting what I think you are?” I asked, trying not to giggle.  I was truly inexperienced in the ways and desires of men, especially centuries old men like Grey.  “Not tonight.  I want you to sleep where you can be looked after.  I am so old now that sleep, although something I enjoy, is not something I require often.”  “Alright then,” I answered.  
“But if I were to make an advance?” he asked teasingly.  I did not have a mature or seductive response to his flirting.  I certainly did not want him to see me for the innocent girl I was just then.  I looked deep into his dark eyes, placed my warm hand on his cold cheek, and kissed him with as much ardor as I could muster.  “But not tonight,” I reminded him.
Anita saw me heading to the door with Grey, and she ran up to us.  “Where are you going?” Anita intruded.  “Simone might decide to take revenge tomorrow, and Chloë needs to rest,” Grey told her.  “And you will be a gentleman, right?” Anita warned.  “Okay, mom.  Can we go now?” I mocked.  She sighed, pretending to be put out.  “Fine, but be good.”  “And be home at eleven right?” I teased.  “Yeah, right smart ass.  Seriously though, be careful,” she stressed.  I nodded in agreement. 
Chapter Twenty-Four
	
We climbed into his new black BMW, and headed out of town toward the small community of Thorp, WA.  “Why do you live out here?” I asked curiously.  “I like privacy.”  It was a beautiful white farmhouse with a wrap-around porch, complete with a porch swing.  
The only modern element to his home was an automatic garage door that concealed his brand new sports car, and some other classic models I couldn’t concentrate on.  The garage was detached from the house, probably because it was nearly the same size. 
Owls called out to us as we climbed the three creaking porch steps. I covered my mouth trying to stifle laughter. “What’s so funny?” I put my hand on the upper part of his arm, while he paused with the key in the door.  I smiled, I hoped reassuringly, and said, “This just isn’t what I expected.  Going home with a vampire.  I mean I know not to expect a crypt, but I didn’t expect an all-American farmhouse, either.  I should have though, it is so completely you.”
“How so?” he asked.  “It is classic, beautiful, traditional, and also such a mystery,” I explained.  “You do see me much better than I give you credit for,” Grey said without looking up.  I wasn’t sure he was happy about that.  He opened the door, and held it for me to enter.  “Thank you.”  “Let me take you to your room,” he said simply.  
In the foyer there was a beautiful staircase that was wider at the bottom.  The handrail was beautifully carved with oak leaves.  He placed his hand on the small of my back and led me up the stairs to the bedrooms that were on the second floor.  “How long have you had this house?” I asked mesmerized by its craftsmanship.  “I built it, about fifty years ago.”  “You certainly are a jack of all trades,” I said in awe.  “I’ve had many years to develop many different skills,” he said with a smirk.
He opened the door to a lovely room with pale violet paint and African violets on the chest of drawers.  It had a hand carved, four-poster bed, with deep violet velvet bedding.  There was a large sitting area next to a bay window, with a matching cushion.  
“There are some clothes in the drawers that should fit you.  There is a private bath through that door.  Let me know if you need anything else,” he said and turned to go.  “Where will you be?” I asked.  “I will be downstairs until dawn, and then I will retire to my apartment in the basement.  “You aren’t going to stay in here?”  “No.  I can keep you safe from downstairs.  I don’t think even I am strong enough to watch you sleep.”
I raised one eyebrow, “I think I am going to need you to explain that.”  “Sometimes I forget how young you are.”  I looked away, since he shot directly at my insecurities.  “Don’t pout.  I only mean you are oblivious to your charms.  You seem not to realize how captivated I am by you and if I stayed in here with you all night…let’s just say I would most likely try to keep you awake,” he said with a sly smirk.  I returned his grin.  He made that scenario sound like the perfect way to pass an evening.  Suddenly my indecisiveness was gone.  With complete assuredness I said, “Rain check?”
“The moment I am sure you mean that.”  “What will happen then?” I asked intrigued.  Instead of giving me an answer he kissed me, first sweetly, then more passionately.  He grabbed at my clothes with his hands, and I clutched at his hair.  My lips parted slightly and he traced their shape with his tongue.  I sighed softly, and pressed myself against him.
I desperately wanted him to stay.  I could feel him changing his mind as his arm slid around me and pulled me tighter against him.  My breath came quicker, and my heart sped up.  “You might be closer to making up your mind than I dared hope,” he said out of breath.  “How do you know I haven’t already? Hey, I thought vampires didn’t breathe.”  He chuckled, “My heart beats, I breathe, and I can eat. I just don’t do it to the same extent you do.”  
He closed his eyes, and I could tell he was deep in thought.  He stepped away from me and sat down on the edge of the bed.  I brazenly walked over to him, and sat astride his lap.  “Talk to me,” I demanded.  “When you are sure, we will continue this,” he said finally.  I put my head on his chest, “You’re right, I am young.  I know I have hurt you.  I am so sorry about that.”  
Grey put his hand under my chin and gently raised my head.  He looked me in the eyes.  “This isn’t all your fault.  I knew how you felt about that elf, and I kept coming back to gain your affections.  If he were not such a complete and utter moron, I probably would not have this chance right now.  But please do not blame yourself.  I knew what game I was playing.  The difference between him and myself was I was playing for keeps while he was trying to make up his mind.”
“Well I can honestly say I am glad he is such a dumbass.” Grey looked confused by my outburst.  “I mean it. To him I was a tool to stroke his ego.  I’m not even sure if he cared, but I know I’m done with him. Always trying to make me jealous of the other girls in our dorm, and the other girls of me.  It was just too much.  We got together and broke up perhaps more than you even realize.”
“I think he cared for you more than he was comfortable with.”  I wrapped my arms around his neck and pressed my cheek into his shoulder.  “That might be true.  I’m not blameless either though.  I couldn’t stop thinking about you.  Dean told me about elves mating for life, and it freaked me out.  I didn’t want to be responsible for taking away all of his choices.  A relationship with Finn couldn’t go anywhere.  I’ve known that for a while now.”
“Rain check?” Grey asked repeating my phrase.  “Definitely, but now I’m not going to be able to sleep,” I whispered in his ear and kissed him just at its base.  He rolled me over, keeping his hands under my knees and wrapped my legs around his waist.  “I’m not strong enough to resist you,” he moaned.  “Who’s asking you to?” I asked.
Without another word we began to pull and tear at our clothes. “Are you sure about this?” Grey asked.  “Let me think,” I said, and kissed him on the neck. “Tease,” Grey joked.  “No, I’m not.  At least not tonight.”  
He put his hands on my sides and gently slid them down to my waist.  I slowly traced the planes of his back with my right index finger, not completely sure what to do.  Then, I looked into his eyes, and all hesitation, shyness, and self-consciousness disappeared.  I was finally sure, it was Grey I wanted.  Tonight nothing else mattered but that one truth.

Chapter Twenty-Five
	
I woke up in Grey’s basement apartment.  Aside from the faint glow coming from the nightlight he left on for me in his bathroom, no light reached this level of the house.  I don’t remember coming down here, but I am glad not to be waking up alone after last night.
I reached over expecting to find Grey sleeping, after all it is only eleven in the morning.  Instead, he grabbed my searching hand and pulled it behind him.  “I was wondering when you were going to wake up.”  “Its broad daylight outside.  Don’t you sleep at all?” I asked.  “I did for a few hours.  But I told you I don’t need that much sleep.  I’ve been watching you for most of the night.”
“I don’t know if that is charming or creepy,” I said playfully.  “I suppose it would have to be both, wouldn’t it?” Grey replied smiling his sharp, bright white smile.  “Hmmm,” I thought for a moment, “I guess that is true.  Funny how I forgot about those last night.”  “They were not there darling.  I can retract mine, just as Anita can hers.” Grey paused for a moment, “I’m sorry, I do not know why I showed that side of myself to you.  I just don’t want you to forget what I am.”
I placed my hand on his chest, inched closer to him, and said, “I know exactly what you are. You seem to forget you can be a vampire and a good person too.  When you see me do you first think of me as a witch? That is basically what Simone is. She is certainly evil.”  “No.  Of course not.  But I wasn’t born a vampire.  I was a human once.  That is not an experience you will ever have.  And most vampires are evil.  We have to prey on others just to live, in some form.  Even if I don’t kill anyone I still consume human blood.  I buy it, but someone still has to lose it for me to live.”
“It sounds to me that you still haven’t reconciled yourself with that.  I can’t help you with that ethical debate.  I don’t see a problem with it personally, but it isn’t my struggle.  I don’t judge you.  Whether you see it this way or not, we are from the same world.”  “If you see it that way, I certainly won’t try to talk you out of it,” Grey said with a sly smile.  “That is more like it,” I replied and kissed him on the cheek. 
Grey had extra toiletries available in this bathroom for my use.  Extra towels, a toothbrush, shampoo, conditioner, and face wash.  I was starting to wonder if he had been planning this sleep over for a while now, or if he frequently had overnight visitors.  I tried to quietly open the cabinet to see if there was a stockpile of toothbrushes waiting for other guests, and I thought I was being sneaky, but I had forgotten to take vampire hearing into account.  
I heard Grey laugh from the other room.  I let out a frustrated sigh.  I should ask Anita if some vampires, mainly Grey, can read minds.  “I got those things for you.  That is what you are wondering about right?”  “When did you get all of this stuff?” I asked.  “When I knew how I felt about you, I wanted you to be comfortable in my home when we finally managed to be together.” 
“You made a commitment to us, before we were even together?” “I’m sure about you Chloë. I know this thing between us is moving very fast, but it feels right to me.”  “Me too,” I said, and kissed him softly.
My phone started to buzz furiously, hopping around on Grey’s antique nightstand.  I knew it was Anita, not that she had her own ringtone, but somehow my phone seemed to vibrate with more urgency. Only she would have such poor timing to call now.  I looked at Grey and we said simultaneously, “Anita.”  “Go on and answer it, or she will just come over,” he said.  “Yeah, she totally would.” 
I picked up my phone, and pressed the screen. “Yes,” I answered gruffly.  “My, my you’re grouchy.  I thought you would get lucky last night,” Anita responded crassly.  “God, Anita!” I shrieked.  “Oh, good so you did.  Well it was about time.  You will have to tell me all about it.  When are you coming back by the way?” “Uhhmm, I’m not sure.”  “I forgot you probably need a ride, huh?” Anita asked.  “Actually, I’m hungry.  But I don’t need a ride.  I can teleport, remember?”  
“Good.  There are issues here that need your attention.  Okay, see you soon, bye.”  “Anita, Anita…”  She had hung up before I could respond.  “Weird,” I said aloud.  “What?” “Anita is in a hurry for me to get back to the dorm, and I don’t think that it is only because she wants details about last night. I wonder what she is up to.”  “Is it going to be safe?” Grey asked anxiously.  “Yes,” I said tucking myself into his arms.  “She wouldn’t ask me to return to an ambush.”  
“Call me later.  Otherwise I’ll worry.” “Of course. You are cute when you worry.”  “I don’t think anyone has ever referred to me as cute before.  I’m not sure I like it.”  Grey began to stalk me around the room.  “Grey, what are you doing?”  I backed away from him, and dashed across the room.”  “I still like the chase,” Grey said and lunged for me. 
I teleported away at the last second, and he crashed on the bed empty handed.  “Gotcha,” I said as I reappeared sitting on his back. “Yeah, you got me.  Now what are you going to do with me?”  “I’m going to go get dressed so a very tiny, but very scary woman doesn’t come after us.”  Grey chuckled.  
I put on the change of clothes Grey had brought down from the chest of drawers.  I teleported myself into my parked car that was located back of the dorm parking lot.  I kept a spare set of keys in my glove box for just such cases.  I moved my car closer to the dorm.  
I didn’t want to transport myself straight into my room since it was probably all around the dorm by now that I hadn’t come home last night.  I’m sure Cynthia saw to that.  Sometimes, I hate being right.
I unlocked the back door and began to walk through the common room towards the stairs when Cynthia’s voice rang out from behind the back of the sofa, “Did we have fun last night?”  “Who me?” I asked, and tried to keep walking.  “I hear you went home with some guy last night,” Cynthia continued, ignoring me.  “Cynthia, get to the point. You really only want to know if Finn is free.  He is.  Happy hunting,” I sniped.  
“So who is the new guy?  Tracy says he’s super hot.”  “Who is Tracy?  You know what, never mind, don’t tell me, I don’t care.  My new guy is nothing to you.  He doesn’t go to school here.  You don’t know him, and won’t meet him.”  I turned for the stairs.  “Bitch,” Cynthia called out.  “That’s original,” I shouted over my shoulder.  Cynthia grunted and stormed off.
I got to the top of the third floor when Anita grabbed my arm and pulled me into our room.  “There you are.  Took you long enough.” “Hi, nice to see you too.  Thanks my evening was nice, how was yours?” I asked sarcastically.  “Sorry, but Cynthia the cheerleader from hell is telling everyone you ran off with some random guy. Finn is super pissed and shacked up with some cheer hag Tracy. Now Cynthia is on a warpath.  I hope you don’t mind, but Dean slept on your bed last night.”
“Wow, that is a lot of information.  No I don’t mind, as long as you change my sheets.  And that stuff about Cynthia, well that explains the tirade I just encountered when I got here.  I guess my theory was right.”  “Well, I’m lost,” proclaimed Anita.  “I’ll nutshell it.  Cynthia went psycho the second I walked through the door.  She was asking who I left with, but I wouldn’t tell her. Then she said something about how Tracy thought he was hot.  She seemed annoyed when I told her Finn was a free man.”
“Well she is pissed off because she tried to comfort Finn last night after you left with Grey, but he wasn’t having it.  Then he got fall down drunk and started hitting on Tracy, Cynthia’s friend.  Cynthia started screaming at him, saying he was a slimy bastard.  He laughed, and went into his room with Tracy.  She did the walk of shame around eight this morning.  I think she was hoping she would make it unnoticed, but I caught her on my way to the bathroom.” 
“Wow.  Well that is a soap opera’s worth of drama, isn’t it?”  I furrowed my brow waiting for her to get to the part where she desperately needed me to save someone from jumping off a roof, or some emergency that made pulling me away from Grey necessary.  I waited, but she didn’t explain. I cleared my throat.
“What?” she asked.  “I’m confused.  I mean, yeah that is really bizarre.  Finn is being awful.  I can’t stand Cynthia, I pretty much hate her in fact, but he does use her as his own personal yo-yo.  She just doesn’t have the good sense to cut the string.  But, uhm, why did you call me? Which issues need my attention?” 
“Duh.  I figured you were probably looking for a way to get out of there.  I mean yeah Finn was being a jerk, and I can see why you hooked up with Grey. Obviously, he is painfully and unnecessarily hot.  But come on, no one expects you to get together with him.  So you scratched an itch.  I was just helping you have a less awkward way out.  No need to thank me.” 
“Oh, I won’t be thanking you.  You don’t think Grey thinks I was looking for an out, do you? Eh, never mind, I’m going to get something to eat and go see him.  Please the next time you want to help me out with Grey, don’t, okay.” “What is wrong?  You aren’t seriously moving on to him now are you.  I mean you were into Finn, and now just as quickly into Grey?  I don’t understand you.”
“I told you I had feelings for them both.  I hadn’t realized how deep my feelings for Grey were until last night. When I saw him, I just knew.  I thought being with Dean was helping you view relationships differently.”
“I’m trying, but what I have with Dean seems too good to be true sometimes. Maybe he is just too good for me.” “Oh, Anita.  No.  Dean loves you.  I don’t think he is too good to be true, I’m sure the guy has at least one flaw.  Just because we haven’t found one yet doesn’t mean he doesn’t have one.”  
A cloud of goose feathers exploded over my head.  “You threw that one a little hard that time didn’t you?”  “Yeah, I forget how strong I am sometimes.  What are you going to do about Finn?”  “You have no idea how much I don’t even care about what’s going on with Finn.  I’m not jealous.  I do find it amusing though.  You don’t think Cynthia is going to try and go after Grey now do you?”
Anita began laughing hysterically to the point she began to hyperventilate.  Dean walked in using a key he and Anita had somehow obtained for him, although I was still unclear how they made a copy of a key that stated on the key not to copy it.  “What did you say to her that made her laugh like a hyena?” Dean asked.  I shrugged.  It was starting to sound ridiculous to me the way she was laughing.
Tears were running down Anita’s cheeks.  “I…I…I would love it if she would!” Anita blurted out.  “Would what?” Dean asked confused.  “Chloë thinks Cynthia might go after Grey now that she is with him,” Anita explained.  “Sounds possible to me.  Cynthia seems to view men more as a status symbol against other women rather than someone she really wants to spend time with,” Dean commented.  
“That isn’t what I find so funny,” Anita said.  “Yeah then what?” I asked sourly.  “She is so annoying, she might tempt Grey to kill her more than kiss her,” Anita said in a burst of laughter.  I threw a pillow at her, and I said, “True, I’m only a witch and I want to kill her and it would do nothing for me physically.”
“I’m going to go back to Grey’s house to make sure he doesn’t think the same thing you did.”  “Its daytime,” Anita said matter-of-factly.  “He was awake when I left.”  “I’m sure he had other things on his mind to keep him awake,” she said in a teasing tone.  “I’m going to go call him,” I decided aloud.  
I grabbed my cell phone and marched with singled minded purpose for the tree-lined paths around the dorms and dining hall.  The air had a sharp chill in it, so when no one was looking I summoned my warm coat around myself.  I searched through my contact list, and dialed Grey’s number.
It rang a couple of times, and I was beginning to consider hanging up when he answered the phone.  I had never been nervous talking to Grey before.  All of a sudden I was unsure if there was some protocol I was unknowingly breaching.  I could feel my mouth turning to cotton.  I wanted to make sure he knew I wasn’t looking for an out, but all of a sudden I was the one in need of reassurance. 
“What emergency did you find waiting for you?”  He almost sounded amused.  “No emergency, unless you consider Anita’s serious need for counseling,” I grumbled.  “Mmm.  So it was as I expected.  She thought you would need a delicate escape to our evening together?”  “You know her much better than she knows you.”  “Anita’s behavior might be reformed now that she is with Dean, but her attitude has not changed,” Grey observed.  “You could say that again.  She does seem to be softening towards the idea of us though.”  
“And the purpose of your call?” “I didn’t want the out,” I answered.  “I was hoping you were going to say that.”  “So when will I see you again?” I asked.  “I will come to you as soon as the sun sets.”  “Tired?” I asked.  “That and I have some other needs to see to.  It’s only a few hours darling, do you really miss me already?”  “Yes, I do miss you.  These other needs, you mean you have to feed don’t you?” I asked prying.  “It is, and I would rather you not see that.  I buy blood, but even still.  I would like to keep you away from that.”  “I can respect that.  I’ll see you tonight.”
	
Chapter Twenty-Six

“Everything okay?” Anita taunted in a singsong voice as I re-entered our dorm room.  “Yes.  And he was totally on to your plan to give me an ‘out’ by the way.  So thanks so much for all of your help.”  “Wow, you are in a mood today.  I really thought you would have hooked up last night and mellowed out.”
“Anita,” Dean chastised.  “What?” Anita asked.  “I don’t think Chloë sees this as some kind of fling.  Why do you keep needling her about this?  She obviously has feelings for Grey.  Is that so hard for you to understand?” Dean asked slightly irritated. 
 “Come on Dean.  She has been back and forth between Finn and Grey since the beginning, but she’s always had deeper feelings for Finn.  She said so herself.  She’s mad at Finn because he is being stupid, and she turned to Grey for comfort.” Anita turned to talk to me, “That makes sense Chloë, I get it, but come on, be honest.  It was a hook up.  There is no shame in that.  Don’t force a relationship just to save face.” 
“You don’t have to understand it Anita, but I really like Grey.  I am over Finn. So don’t ruin last night for me.  Stop bringing Finn into it, because I can promise you he couldn’t have been further from my mind.”
Dean touched Anita lightly on the shoulder, and brushed her hair out of her eyes. “Anita, I love you. I wish I could take away every bad experience you have ever had. I can’t undo what has been done; all I can do is love you.  I hope by the time you are with me, you won’t need an exit.” “How did I get you?” Anita asked quietly.  Dean moved nearer to her, circled her in his big muscled arms, and said, “I am the lucky one.”
The tough girl façade Anita had been wearing fell off of her.  She turned to me and said, “I’m sorry Chloë.  I just don’t want to see you hurt the way I have been.  I reacted. I just want you to be sure.  But I guess it is too late now.”  
“I am sure.  Really.  You don’t need to worry.”  I smiled uncomfortably. I really wanted to change the subject away from my newly created sex life.  “I’m also sure I’m hungry.  Wanna grab some lunch?”  They looked at each other, then at me.  “Eh, what the hell, sure ask Finn.  I can play nice. I do want to be friends.  You know, as long as he isn’t going to be an ass.”  “That’s a girl,” said Anita rolling her eyes at me.
Since it was late in the afternoon on Sunday, we decided to go to the most popular Mexican restaurant in town.  Anita and I left without Dean and Finn, because she wanted to ride in my Z.  We knew that if Finn refused to come Dean would be along shortly.
“Do you think he will come?” Anita asked.  “You saw him last night, so you would know better than I would,” I answered.  “Do you think this has anything to do with his parents missing?” Anita asked.  “Maybe.  I don’t know.  Getting to know Finn is like trying to read a book in the dark.  You might get a word or two, but mostly you don’t understand any better than if you didn’t even try.  He hasn’t said much about his parents.  Honestly, I don’t really know him at all.” 
Suddenly we heard the rumble of Dean’s large truck pull into the parking lot.  I couldn’t see Finn in the truck, but I knew he was there.  His mood cast a dark and stormy shadow over the restaurant.  The clouds accumulated quickly, and the sky released a tremendous crash of lightning followed by a torrent of rain.  
Dean walked over to the table shaking the drops of water out of his dark blonde hair.  Finn sauntered with his head down, unconcerned with the droplets in his hair that adorned it like diamonds. 
Without thinking Dean slid into the empty spot next to Anita, leaving the only space for Finn to sit next to me.  I saw his jaw tighten in response, as he too noticed his only seating option.  I, on the other hand, found it was not difficult to smile and welcome him to sit down.
“Chloë,” Finn said, nodding his head to me.  “How was your evening?” he continued mockingly.  I was fairly certain he didn’t actually want any details.  It also seemed he was unaware I knew how his evening ended.  I raised my eyebrow as I briefly contemplated my answer.  “From what I heard my evening was a lot like yours.” 
For a moment his bright blue eyes doubled in size before he quickly composed himself.  Anita began to choke on her tortilla chips.  “Ehm, excuse me.  I need some water,” she said trying to fight laughing and choking.  
“Dean,” I asked changing the subject, “have you had a chance to read the news today?”  Before Dean could answer, Finn interrupted.  “Wait Dean, I want to know something from her.  Are you uncomfortable talking to your friends Chloë?”  I knew he was going to be an ass, but it was better to face it now than deal with a slow leak.  “You know actually I think I forgot my wallet in my truck.  Why don’t you help me look for it Anita?” Dean insisted.  “Okay, sure.  I’m going to help him look for his wallet, because…uhm…well, you know how men look for things.”  Dean and Anita got up and went out to his truck.
“No Finn.  I’m not uncomfortable, obviously our friends are, but not everything regarding my love life is open to discussion,” I answered.  “Are you hiding something?  Was it not as good as you expected?”  “I’m not hiding anything, and uhm… It seems totally improper to talk about this with anyone, but especially you.  But that question… If I say nothing you will assume I am disappointed, but if I answer it I am what, rubbing it in your face?” 
“I asked so it wouldn’t be rubbing it in my face.  And I noticed you are still trying to not answer the question,” Finn continued.  “Come on Finn, are you seriously asking me about how sex was with Grey?” I asked bluntly.  “We are supposed to be friends right?  Well don’t friends talk?” Finn asked with false innocence.  
“Finn, drop the crap.  If there is a problem tell me.  I’ve told you I’m done with the games.  I honestly don’t care about what you did last night, and I don’t want to hear about it either.  I hope you had a nice night and I hope she is a nice girl,” I told him.  
Finn’s brow furrowed.  “You hope I had a nice night?  You think Tracy is a nice girl?  What are you on?  Come on Chloë, can you really just abandon everything you felt for me that quickly for someone else?”  It was then I saw the pain in his blue eyes.  I saw how he constantly pulled me under every time I tried to pull away from him.  I felt for his pain, but this time I wanted my own happiness more than I was willing to play his game.
“I don’t know how to explain it to you.  It isn’t that I don’t have those feelings. It’s just that the other feelings are stronger.  You make me feel bad, Finn.  I know you don’t mean to, at least I hope you don’t, but I end up feeling sad just the same.  I think you just aren’t ready for feelings like that.”
“Like love?” Finn asked.  “If that is what you think it is, you have a funny way of showing it,” I answered.  “And if I ever get my act together?”  “I’m not sure.  I don’t want to hurt you, but I’m really happy right now.  I wish you could be happy for me.” 
“Found my wallet,” Dean announced, returning to the table.  “Sorry. I just can’t seem to get this right.  Everything always ends up screwed up.  You guys have lunch, I’m going to take a walk,” Finn said, getting up abruptly.  “Don’t go.  We have to try and work through this,” I begged.  I grabbed his hand to pull him back into the booth and the electric charge I always felt when I touched Finn, coursed through my nerves.
“I don’t know if I am strong enough to be your friend,” Finn said quietly.  “I want you to at least try.  I still care about you,” I whispered.  He nodded in acceptance.  “I’ll try.” Finn turned to Dean and said, “Okay, have you heard any news?”
“Who am I, CNN Ellensburg?” Dean teased.  “No, but you always seem to know what is going on,” I replied to his sarcasm.  “Alright.  We might have missed something last night.  The newspaper said a few girls didn’t come back to their dorms last night, but Anita and I were thinking people are a little bit paranoid because of the other two disappearances.  
They didn’t list any names, but they brought up the idea that with Halloween coming up on Thursday, another disappearance is inevitable,” Dean told us.  “Fantastic, why don’t they just tell Alexander to go out and attack students on Thursday?” I ranted.  
“Speaking of Halloween, what are you going to be?” asked Anita. “I thought we were done trying to fit into the party scene,” I responded. “Yeah, but with what the newspaper says, I think we have to go out.”  “I don’t know.  In college its just an excuse to dress as slutty as possible, and not have anyone ridicule you for it,” I said with disgust.  “I think I will be a vampire,” Anita announced.  “That’s imaginative,” I said sarcastically.  “Why not.  I can go out in public without worrying about wearing sunglasses, or whether my teeth have emerged.  I can scare people and dress trampy.  Sounds like fun to me.” Dean scowled at her, but said nothing.
We stopped talking for a moment to order our food.  The boys ordered enough food to feed Anita and I for a week, while she and I shared chicken fajitas. The waitress stepped out of earshot and Dean said, “Just how trampy are you planning on dressing?”  Anita began to giggle, “Don’t worry, I won’t be anywhere without you on Halloween.”  “I guess, but I still don’t like it.” 
“He’s cute when he’s jealous,” Anita said to me.  “No, I’m not.  Because I’m being possessive,” Dean corrected.   Anita kissed Dean on the cheek and said, “Well then you are cute when you are possessive.”
“I still want to know what you are going to be for Halloween,” Anita pressed.  “Well, let’s head to the mall in Yakima.  I’ll look at some costumes and find something.  We can go tomorrow, after class.  Or I can conjure something, your choice.”  “Just conjure something it’ll be more original,” Anita decided.
“That was more stressful than I was anticipating,” said Anita after we left the restaurant.  “You’re telling me.  That was a nightmare.  I thought we were never going to get our check. We might as well get back to the dorm.”  
I put the key in the ignition, and Finn knocked on the window.  I rolled it down.  “Can we talk for a minute?” he asked.  “Here take my seat I’ll go talk to my man for a minute,” offered Anita.  Finn climbed in and shut the door.  “I think you have the wrong idea about last night.  I wasn’t going to say anything, but I don’t want you to think I’m that kind of guy.  Nothing happened last night with Tracy.”
I opened my mouth to speak, but Finn interrupted me before I could voice my disbelief.  “I know that doesn’t seem likely, but it’s the truth.  I’ll admit I had every intention of something happening, but I couldn’t follow through with it.  I know I have screwed things up between us too many times, and you’ve already moved on.  Dean was wrong by the way.”  “How was Dean wrong?  I thought you said nothing happened with Tracy?”  “Nothing did.  What he was wrong about was that you and I didn’t have to sleep together.  I’m a goner Chloë. There will never be anyone else for me but you.  I freaked out, and I’m sorry.  You aren’t supposed to meet the one at eighteen.  I didn’t handle it well, and I’ll suffer because of it.  But I needed you to know, even if it changes nothing, I just needed you to know.”
“Finn, I am glad to hear that.  I don’t know what the future could hold for you and me.  I can’t pretend I don’t have feelings for you, but maybe we should be just friends for now.  I mean really try to get to know each other.  I do have feelings for him too.  I’m not trying to punish you.  If you and I ever have a chance in the future, I have to be able to trust you.”  “I’ll do my best.  I can’t promise I won’t get jealous, but I’ll be here for you.  I’m going to work to make you trust me.  I want us to be together, and whatever I have to do to make that happen I’m going to do.”  Without another word Finn got out of the car.
Anita climbed back in the car.  “What did I miss? No one is bleeding, so it couldn’t have been too bad.”  “It was awkward, but good. I don’t know.  I can feel our story isn’t finished, but it isn’t our time right now.”  “I think you two could be great together if he ever gets his head out of his ass.  Okay this day is going so well, what could possibly make it better? Hey, maybe we will see Cynthia when we get back so our day can be perfect!” said Anita, sarcastically.  “I told you I’ve seen her already.  So do I win a prize or something?”  “Yeah, you get to see Grey later,” she reminded me.  “Ah, Grey,” I sang.  
“Yuck.  I give up. I won’t give you a hard time anymore.  You’re a goner.  It’s love. You know you sound like one of those sweetheart candies, though right?”   “You’re one to talk.  I’ll hold up a mirror in front of you and Dean so you can see how cavity producing you two are,” I teased.  “Touché.  It is great though, isn’t it?” Anita gushed.  “Wonderful,” I sighed.
As we got closer to the dorm, I saw Cynthia and her cheerleading minions doing a belly dancing workout video in the common room.  “Anita check this out,” I called out to her, because she was searching for her keys in her purse.  “Oh, my god!  This is just too much!  Why would Finn choose one of these bubble headed dim wits?” Anita pondered.  “Better yet, what the hell are they doing?” I asked.  “Oh come on they are trying to entice every man in the dorm, but it is so obvious it is pathetic, and sad.”
We went inside, closing the door as loudly as we could to announce our arrival.  Most of the ladies turned around, one strawberry haired cheerleader looked at me briefly, turned red and quickly looked away.  My intuition told me this was Tracy.  Cynthia’s gaze narrowed as she tried to analyze my reaction.  
She was waiting to see anger, jealousy, embarrassment, or a combination of these emotions.  I guess Cynthia didn’t know nothing happened last night between Finn and Tracy.  The girl I figured to be Tracy looked at me again, so I smiled and nodded. She looked relieved, but Cynthia shrieked.  I smiled wider and began to laugh.  Anita broke into hysterics.  
“Why can’t you just be normal?” Cynthia whined.  “You mean I should wear a strip of spandex and come down and strut my stuff in the common room?  Would that make me normal?  Well then, like sign me up!” I taunted in my fake cheerleader voice.  “Yeah, like totally, for sure, and stuff,” Anita chimed in.  
“You two think you are so special.  What makes you better than everyone else?  I mean your boyfriend cheated on you and you don’t even care!  Ugh, it’s just weird.  You’re both so strange!” exploded Cynthia in a mixture of jealousy and anger.
“I don’t think I’m better than everyone else.  And my boyfriend isn’t cheating on me.  You don’t even know my boyfriend,” I responded.  Cynthia looked at me cynically.  Anita was growing increasingly annoyed. She wanted to go to our room.  The light hit her face and her eyes reflected a fluorescent glare. 
 “Don’t look at me, I totally think I’m better than you,” Anita told Cynthia.  Cynthia’s jaw dropped and she stared at Anita in disbelief.  Anita turned to me, I could see the sharpening of her teeth, and said, “Can we go now?”
“Yeah, I think we have stayed down here long enough.” “Oh, but we were bonding,” Cynthia said in her most sarcastic tone.  “I wouldn’t push Anita any further if I were you,” I warned.  “What does she bite, or something?” Cynthia retorted.  A low hiss escaped Anita’s lips.  
“If you aren’t lucky she might,” I replied.  Anita’s eyes remained focused on Cynthia.  I pointed my finger at Anita, subtle green sparks dancing at the end of my finger, and my eyes flashed green.  Grey’s words rushed back to me as a prophetic warning, “Anita could lose control.”  “Move,” I ordered.  Anita nodded her head, took a deep breath, and headed for the stairs.
“Go run away then!” Cynthia called out.  Anita turned around in a whir of movement.  “Stop,” I demanded and laced my words with magic.  The spell affected Anita, but not as strongly as it did a human.  It did give her a moment to think.  “You’re lucky I’m not here alone,” Anita grumbled trying to conceal her now fully emerged fangs.  
Cynthia opened her mouth to respond, but for her own protection I decided to intercede.  “Sleep,” I whispered.  Cynthia fell straight to the ground as if she fainted.  I knew she fell asleep where she stood, but I went upstairs with Anita.  I would let her friends figure out she was sleeping.  At least this way she would live, and Anita would not become an evil, all-powerful, super vampire.  Plus I got to watch her pass out, so it was a win-win. 

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Anita was frightened by how close she came to loosing control over her temper.  Once we opened the door back into our room, she launched herself onto her bed, pulled her knees up to her chest, and stared into space.  She wouldn’t talk.  The few times I tried to comfort her she glared at me, bared her teeth, and once she hissed. When Dean came to the door, she waved him away.  
I was afraid to leave her alone, but staying in such close quarters with her being so obviously hostile made time pass by very slowly.  Anita seemed to be getting more volatile.  She began to rock back and forth, pull at her hair, and talk to herself.  
I looked out the window, and noticed the bright orange, purple and indigo colored sky.  I realized nearly two hours had passed since Anita and I had first come into our room.  At the very top of the sky I could faintly see the moon and a few of the brightest stars.  The sun was setting rapidly, and Grey would soon be here.  He would know what to make of Anita’s rapidly deteriorating mental state.
I heard every tick of the clock on the desk.  The seconds seemed to drag on at an agonizingly slow pace.  I walked back to the windowsill, and watched as the last sliver of flame orange sky dipped under the landscape.
As darkness overtook the sky, Anita screamed.  She clawed at the exposed brick wall.  Dust from the bricks rained down on her.  Blood ran down her fingers due to her assault on the wall.  She screeched again, and began climbing the wall.
Anita defied the laws of gravity by hanging upside down on the ceiling.  I felt torn between worry for my friend and an overwhelming sense of danger.  I should have paid more heed to the sense of danger, because all of a sudden Anita released her hold of the ceiling.
She twisted mid-fall and pinned me to the floor.  I released a blast of energy and sent her flying through the air.  My hair blew around me, and my brown eyes blazed green.  Anita was crouched in a feral position.  She leapt at me again.  Once more she sprang into the air and landed on top of me.  But this time, before I cast a spell I looked into her eyes.
Anita placed her hand over my mouth, and with one finger to her lips indicated to me to be silent.  I furrowed my eyebrows in confusion.  She mouthed, “They are coming.”  “Who?” I whispered back.  “The vampires,” she said without a sound. 
I pulled my wand from my drawer. There was no need to summon something that was less than a few feet away. I cast two spells very quickly.  The first was to create a sound proof barrier in my room. Then, I swirled it above our heads, and cast the second spell, “cloak us, preserve our anonymity, make those that see us lose their memory.”  
“What are these?” Anita asked in a whisper.  “They are to hide ourselves so we can go in public and not be seen,” I told her.  “Are you alright?” I asked her.  Anita quickly nodded her head, “The necromancers are close.  I’ve never felt their effect before.  I’ve never been that close to loosing it.  Do you have a charm to help me fend them off?” 
“Yes, I do actually.”  I opened an old box wooden box, with a magical lock.  I was the only one that could open it.  Inside I found a gold chain with a small gold medallion.  Stamped into the gold was a red-tailed hawk.  “I placed a charm on this to protect the wearer from harm.  It doesn’t mean you are invincible, but it will be harder to influence you, or to defeat you.”  I fixed the clasp around her neck.  Instantly her tense posture relaxed, and she straightened out of her crouch.
 “How did you know the necromancers were near?” I asked her.  “I could hear them telling me to attack.  I was supposed to come here and attack you and everyone here.  It was the strongest urge I’ve ever felt.  And you know me and my urges.” Anita waggled her eyebrows.  I frowned at her in irritation.  “Can you ever be serious?”   Anita pretended to think for a second, “No, I don’t think that’s possible.  Anyway, once I landed on you there was another voice shouting in my head the second I touched you. It said I am too strong to fall under a petty necromancer’s spell.”
Glass shattered somewhere on the first floor, followed by blood-curdling screams.  Dean burst into our room, “have you looked outside?”  “No,” I answered.  “Well what the hell are we going to do?” he said flustered.  He really had me worried, nothing ever shook Dean’s cool demeanor.  “Chloë, you really should come and see this,” Anita hastened.  
I returned to the window for the first time since the sun had set.  What I saw sent a chill down my spine.  Alexander stood under our window where he could be seen.  The silvery glow of the moonlight reflected off of his menacing white face.  His dark blonde colored hair and similarly toned eyes glowed slightly.  He smiled, revealing his fangs.  
On either side of Alexander were Vanessa and Steven, the students who had disappeared earlier in the quarter.  What was Simone thinking?  If humans knew about the supernatural world they might start another inquisition.  
The Council will never allow our exposure on such a wide scale.  Sometimes humans become aware and they are brought into our world, but only those that are open minded.  Never have we lived freely in the open.  Superstition and fear have always kept us from revealing ourselves.  Also, there are a few sorcerers on the Council that would suggest drastic measures if any humans are made aware of our existence.  I can support erasing their memory, but not murder.
While I was pondering the implications of exposure I realized there were a lot more than three vampires outside the dormitory.  In fact, there were vampires shoulder to shoulder all around the entire building.  “Mon Dieu!” I exclaimed.  
“Dean, run and get Finn,” I shouted over the sound of more glass breaking.  I looked down to see one of the vampires throw a rock, followed by the sound of yet another window shatter.  “Do they think that someone is going to let them in?” I asked Anita.  “Who knows?  Alexander does think he can intimidate anyone to get his way.”  “I’m going to go with Dean, and to get a look out there,” Anita said as they left the room.
I turned my back to the window for a moment to gather a few charms and potions to augment my magic.  Since I still hadn’t grown into my full powers, I needed an extra boost to work heavy magic.  Ordinarily I would avoid performing this much magic, but I didn’t have a choice this time.  I am not really sure how dangerous overusing my magic is, but I don’t have a choice. A shadow passed by the window, but when I glanced out nothing was there. 
 I was about to go over and grab Anita, Dean and Finn, since time was of the essence, when a cold hand clasped tight over my mouth so I couldn’t scream.  Another icy, iron grip slid around my waist, pinning me against him without hope of getting free.  The hand on my mouth pulled my head sharply to the side to expose my neck, and I felt the sharpness of fangs drag across the tenderness of my skin.
I closed my eyes, clenched my fists, and willed my body to become electrified.  Suddenly my assailant was tossed off of me as if he were trying to caress a live wire.  “Good!  I just wanted to be sure you could protect yourself.  I might not be able to be right by you every second, and it will be a lot easier to focus if I know you can protect yourself.” 
“Aah! Dammit Grey, I should hit you, but I already electrocuted you,” I fumed.  “Sorry love, I had to know how you would handle yourself.  I came to see you, and then I saw what was going on here. I worry about you,” he shrugged.  I glared.  My eyes instantly blazed green, and then returned to their natural deep brown.  “That is sweet, but I still want to hit you.”  He chuckled, “Later, if we live through this I’ll let you take out all sorts of frustrations on me.”  “You have such a dirty mind.” 
Anita, with Dean and Finn in tow, entered the room.  “What’s the plan?” Dean asked, ready for action.  “Well, considering that the dorm is surrounded by vampires we had no idea were coming…there really isn’t one.  What I do have are cloaks that will preserve our anonymity.  That way none of our neighbors will even ask us questions about what is going on, because they won’t know we were there. Also, I have potions that will make any humans that witness anything supernatural forget they were even there.  Other than that, we use all of our abilities,” I explained.  “Alright then, lets do this,” Dean replied eagerly. 
I repeated the spell I said earlier to summon the cloaks Anita and I were wearing.  Dean’s was a dark tan, and charmed so it would not hinder him when he shifted into a cougar.  Finn’s cloak was bright blue. Not only did it match his eyes, but also the sky he had so much control over.  Grey’s cloak was the color of charcoal.  It made him blend in better, but also appear more frightening.  Anita’s glittered with gold threads laced through it.  It was mesmerizing like she was.  My cloak was an iridescent green.  The threads were physical pieces of my magic, and worked like a battery to keep my magic strong.
I pulled the hood of my cape over my head and said, “Let’s do this.”  I opened the door and entered into a scene of utter chaos.  People were crouched in the hallway, hiding behind their beds with their doors open, or just walking around dazed.
We walked down the three flights of stairs unnoticed, like ghosts.  On the first floor we found all of the cheerleaders trying to hide under the pool table.  There were rocks, bricks, and broken glass scattered all around the floor.  
“I see you witch!” Alexander shouted.  One of the cheerleaders began to scream.  “Shut up Casey!  They’ll hear you,” Cynthia admonished.  “I can’t help it.  First there are freakin’ vampires outside, and he just said something about a witch.  What the hell is going on?”  The cheerleader asked.  “I don’t know.  We should ask that freak Chloë and her friends, unless they have been eaten already,” Cynthia replied.  I looked at them and for the second time in one day I cast a spell on them to sleep, and they all passed out.  
“Finn, how cold can you make it?” I asked him.  “Only one way to find out,” he answered.  His bright blue eyes turned icy very quickly. “How’s this?” His breath was visible when he exhaled, as if the air was cold.  I smiled at him. “Excellent Finn. You’re a natural.” “Chloë, the cold doesn’t bother us, what are you doing?” Grey asked. 
“I need it cold outside to set a perimeter spell.  I also have a few bottles of a potion that I want Anita and Dean to go up one floor and throw them out each side of the building.  That should keep them from coming in.  Then we need to get rid of them and erase the memory of everyone in and around the building.  All that is left after that is to repair the damage the vampires left,” I answered.
“As long as that is all,” Anita responded sarcastically.  “Why do we need a perimeter spell in the first place?” Dean asked.  Just then the realization hit Anita.  “Oh my God.  I was wondering why Alexander and Simone would risk bringing Vanessa back here.  I mean they could get away with bringing Steven. Everyone thinks he is that Masturbator perv, but everyone believes she was kidnapped and murdered.”  She put her hand over her mouth and shook her head in disbelief.
Dean and Finn looked at each other, and back at me.  “Grey could you explain it to them?”  Neither of them noticed the sparks of green magic exploding at the ends of my fingers.  Nor had anyone noticed the enormous strain I had been under since the beginning of this siege. 
“Vanessa still has a room here at the dorm since she is only listed as missing.  Therefore, she can invite the other vampires in,” Grey explained.  “Why does it have to be cold?” Dean asked confused. “The cold binds the liquid potion to the ground.  It could be a ring of fire, but we don’t have much time, and there would be evidence afterwards.  This is the easiest way.  Especially since Finn seems to be able to change the temperature.”  “Okay. I understand why we need a perimeter spell and the cold. What I don’t understand is why haven’t they already come in?” Finn added.
They all turned their attention to me again.  Now Grey noticed the magic dancing at the end of my fingers, the extreme bright green of my eyes, and my nose had began to bleed.  “Anita and Dean, quickly dispatch the potion, and then return.  She can’t hold this up much longer,” Grey ordered.  They grabbed the glass vials and ran up the stairs to the second floor.  Once all four bottles were thrown from each side of the building an impenetrable fog surrounded the building, and prevented the vampires from entering.  
I could feel every molecule in the swirling fog.  Each particle stretched my magic, pulling me in every direction at once.  It felt like dozens of needles pricking my skin.  I forced myself to concentrate despite the exhaustion threatening to overcome me.  I forced magic into every microscopic element of the fog.  The charge continued to build, pulling magic out of me by the second.
Anita flashed down the stairs, first followed by Dean.  “Chloë, Chloë, are you Okay?” Anita asked me.  I couldn’t answer.  “Grey, her nose is bleeding,” she alerted.  I couldn’t hold it any longer.  I wasn’t sure if it was long enough, but I was drained.  I released all of the magic I had built up in a burst of light.  
Outside all of the vampires fell to the ground.  Blood started to trickle out of my ear.  “Chloë,” Anita began.  “Put the charms on the vampires,” I urged weakly, and shoved the bag into Anita’s hand.  She nodded her head, and I passed out.
The magical fog seeped into my brain printing images of bodies lying unconscious.  I could see and hear my friends, but I couldn’t respond to them.  I was trapped in my head, but too tired to be frightened.
 Grey told Anita, “Take Chloë’s wand, and use it to place the charms inside their clothing.”  “But I can’t use her wand.  I’m not a witch, it won’t work for me,” Anita protested.  “Trust me, Anita. We don’t have time to argue about this,” Grey told her. She took the wand from his hand and motioned to the others to follow her outside.  Anita, Dean and Finn stepped over the bodies and placed the charms the silversmith made, into the seams of their clothes.  “You only need to hold the wand over the charms and wish them to be concealed.  Chloë has already charmed them,” instructed Grey.
While Anita was securing all of the charms, Dean was making sure she was safe, and Finn was controlling the weather.  Once the last charm was secured, many of the vampires started to rouse.  I wanted to scream, I was trapped inside my head and I couldn’t tell them to look out for Alexander.  It turns out I didn’t need to.
“Did you put one of those things on Alexander?” Dean asked Anita.  “No, it won’t work on him.  He isn’t under a spell,” she explained.  “Well, we better do something then, because he is waking up,” Finn pointed out.  Dean released a loud feral growl, and leapt off the ground toward Alexander.  The hazy image of a cougar surrounded Dean, and rapidly solidified.  
Alexander stared at a cougar barreling toward him, and called to the other awaking vampires for help.  As the others awoke they looked around confused.  Their faces showed that they were not sure where they were, or how they got there.  Finn clenched his jaw, and lightening shot across the sky. 
The vampires that were standing around dazed raced off in every direction.  Dean cocked his head, and swished his powerful tail back and forth.  His muscular cougar body prepared to pounce, but before he got the chance Alexander fled in a blur of motion.
Finn slowly released his control over the weather, and with the change in the temperature my spell lost its hold.  I couldn’t see my friends, I couldn’t hear.  The fog pulled out of my mind, and everything went black.
Chapter Twenty-Eight

Moonlight was shining through the curtains. I was nestled in bed, wearing a petal pink silk nightgown.  I recognized the room as the violet room from Grey’s house, but I certainly didn’t remember this nightgown.
“Sleeping beauty has risen,” Grey announced as he came in the room.  “How long have I been out? I asked.  “Since yesterday,” Grey told me as he slid into bed next to me.  I cocked an eyebrow, and looked at him wondering if he would confess to undressing me.  
He rested next to me, propped up on one elbow.  With his free hand he touched the fabric on my thigh, then traced it up my waist.  “This color suits you,” he said with a wicked grin.  “And how did I end up in this?” I asked tracking the delicate neckline.  “Guilty,” he said with a mischievous laugh.  
 “Where are my friends?” I asked, wondering if we were alone in the house.  “They are here.  Without you conscious to repair the damage, Cynthia called the campus police when she awoke.  They could not see any of us because of our cloaks; once we figured out what was happening we left.  The police blamed it on a group of vandals that have been breaking into a lot of cars and apartments.  No one remembered anything supernatural.  They only remember seeing a group of people trying to break into the dorm by throwing rocks at the windows,” Grey replied.
“That makes sense, but I don’t understand why they are here.”  “Well we all thought it best to keep you isolated while you were unconscious.  It seemed to make sense to keep everyone together in case the necromancer and Alexander regrouped and tried again.  Dean is the only one of them with any training.  I didn’t think you would forgive me if I left them unprotected.  Tell me beautiful Chloë, what is bothering you?” 
I inhaled deeply, “I don’t know where to start.  I would love to be alone with you.  Not to mention, we still have to figure out how to rid ourselves of Simone and Alexander. I don’t even know what they want.”  
“I too would like to be alone,” Grey said and gently kissed my neck.  I eagerly wrapped my arms around his shoulders.  His hand caressed my calf, and slowly slid up the plane of my leg.  Our lips met.  I grabbed a handful of his hair.  He quickly rolled over on top of me.  
His strong arms held me firmly to him, and his fingers traced the muscles on the exposed skin on my back and arms.  Grey looked deeply into my eyes.  The feeling I saw there, it seemed he was still trying to hide the depth of it.  
“What are those dark eyes hiding,” I whispered in his ear.  He laughed lightly, “Only that which needs to be.”  “When will you tell me?” I asked.  “What do you want to know?” he teased, kissing me just below the ear.  “When you look at me,” I hesitated, “it seems like you want to say something, but you stop yourself.” 
“Do you really want to know?” he asked while he played with a piece of my hair.  He nervously looked at me through his eyelashes.  “I think I do,” I replied and bit my lip.  
He pushed the hair out of my face, and looked at me.  Then I saw it before he said anything.  It was so obvious, and I already knew.  “I love you Chloë,” Grey said softly.  I kissed him once gently on the lips, and said, “I love you too.”  
We began kissing again, this time in earnest, so intently neither of us heard the door open.  “Is she awake yet?” Anita’s voice came booming through the room.  “My eyes!  Oh my God, my eyes!” Anita laughed.  “Uhm, yeah, so I’m going to go now,” she said with her hand covering her eyes, and turned to leave.  Finn’s voice called up the staircase, “Is she awake yet?” “Yeah, but she, uhm…I’m on my way down,” Anita called out.  She closed the door, and I heard her chuckling on her way to the staircase.  
“Uhh!  No privacy,” I complained.  “Later,” he promised, and kissed me one last time.  “I should…” I pointed in the direction of the dresser.  “Yes, you should dress.  I would not want the others to see you in that.”  “So you put me in this, for what reason?” I asked.  “Fun,” he laughed.  
“Well you’ve had your fun. I’m going to change now.”  “Okay, go ahead,” he settled back on the bed.  “You are a devil,” I teased.  Faster than I could perceive Grey was standing right next to me.  He picked me up and set me down on top of the dresser.  He leaned down, and I held my breath waiting for him to kiss me.  When he got closer, our lips nearly touching, he whispered, “I’ll leave you so you can get dressed. I don’t have the self-control to stay in here anyway.”  
“Later?” I called out to him.  “I promise,” he said as he closed the door.  I sorted through the drawers, if we couldn’t be alone, I would make him suffer. I found a pair of tight black pants, a low cut red t-shirt, and black strappy sandals. 
I entered the adjoining bathroom and turned on the water in the large shower.  Steam filled the bathroom, and I let the silk nightgown fall to the floor.  Since, apparently, I had been asleep for more than twenty-four hours, I decided to take my time.  I stood in the water, and let it run over my face.  
I stepped out of the shower, wrapped myself in a thick Egyptian cotton towel, and used magic to dry my hair.  I opened drawers and cabinets and discovered every styling product available.  Every cosmetic product I could possible desire, in my shade, was present.  I played with the make-up until I achieved a sexy, but still natural look.  Grey was going to regret teasing me.
My hair cascaded down my back in loose curls.  I dressed in the clothes I had chosen, and sauntered down the stairs.  I felt a stirring of butterflies in my stomach, I expected to see Grey as I turned the corner, but instead Finn was standing at the base of the stairs.  Damn that magnetism between us.
His eyes grew large, and burned like bright blue fire.  Suddenly I was regretting the extra effort to make Grey suffer.  “I was worried about you,” he said softly.  “See, all better,” I said awkwardly.  “You have your own room here?  And when did you move clothes in here, because we had to go back to get clothes, but you already had them,” Finn observed.  “Come on Finn, let’s not do this again.  You know I am with Grey.  I never meant for you to come here and see us together like this.  It would not have been my choice to bring you,” I told him.
“Yet, here we are,” Finn said, refusing to look at me.  “I think everything has already been said,” I told him and turned to walk away.  “Chloë, I love you,” he said, putting his hand on my shoulder.   I turned my head to look at him, “Finn, you said we would try to be friends.  I love Grey.”  “Then you are right, there isn’t anything left to say,” he let go of my shoulder and walked away.
Grey stepped out of the shadow.  I jumped when I saw him.  I don’t know why I felt guilty for speaking to Finn, but his revelation made me feel awful about the conversation.  I smiled weakly, and he rushed over and put his arms around me.  “This is awkward for you,” he said.  I smelled the clean scent of his skin, like the smell of the breeze after a spring rain. “Yes, it is,” I said with my face pressed against his neck.
The back door slammed loudly.  “This is awkward for more than just me it seems,” I said.  “I’m sorry this is hard for you, but he brought this on himself.  He cannot expect you to wait around for him until he is ready to be with you,” Grey said solemnly.  
He pulled away from me, but I reached out to stop him.  “I don’t want him to always come between us.  I want you.  I’m not waiting for him to grow up, or biding time.  It is you that I want.  I hope you believe that.”  He looked at me intently, “I believe you love me, but I see you are torn.  I won’t push you any further than you are comfortable.” 
Grey went down into his daytime lair in the basement.  I stormed off into the parlor.  I wanted to hurt something.  “Oh good you’re dressed,” Anita announced as I walked into the room.  “Where is Finn?” Dean asked.  “He went out back,” I replied.  “Why?” Anita asked without thinking.  I shot her an irritated look.  “Forget I asked that,” she said.
I flopped down into an oversized leather chair.  She playfully bumped my shoulder. “What’s wrong?”   “Everything.  Finn is pissed.  Grey is insecure.  And that necromancer bitch is still out there,” I complained.  “So what are we going to do?  We can’t hide out here forever.”  “Give her a break, Anita.  She’s been unconscious for over twenty-four hours, and awake for about one now,” Dean scolded.  
“I’m trying to think, but my head still hurts,” I said with a hand to my temple.  “That is because you are over doing it and will kill yourself if you do not stop,” said a heavily accented voice from the hallway.  I shook my head. I knew that voice. “Marguerite, bonsoir.”  
“Chérie, how many times do I have to tell you to call me maman?” Marguerite asked.  “Of course, maman.  Why are you here?” “I felt the surge in your power, and thought I would stop by to check in on you.  Are you alright?” she asked looking around disdainfully.  “I have been better.  Do you have any news about the Christiansens?”  “There hasn’t been any sighting of them in Europe.  I have spoken to the Council about it, and they suggested I look into some sources I have here in North America,” Marguerite answered.
“Is any of this connected to Simone?” “She is out?” my mother asked shocked.  “What do you mean out?”  I demanded.  “She is supposed to be in a Council prison.  I put her there actually.  She has been actively trying to overthrow the governing structure of the supernatural community for years, but she and her mate came after me.  I told her even if I were a less powerful witch she would never have enough power to overcome me,” Marguerite revealed.
“So she has come after me to make a point to you and leverage power over the Council?” I asked bewildered.  “There are a few witches, and several necromancers that are unsatisfied with the status quo.  She will not gain more power by getting you out of the way, but with you and I out of the way there are only a few witches that are more powerful than those allied with her.” 
“So this is revenge and Machiavellian politics?  Why attack random students?” I inquired.  “You are destined to be a leader, to be the most powerful witch ever, and her biggest threat.  Attacking students around you forces you to get involved.  She must assume you are weak.  If you require my assistance, contact me.  However, I must let you know the Council is eager to see how you handle this situation.”
“It seems like there is more to this.  Finn’s parents are missing, Dean’s cousin, and…” Marguerite interrupted my train of thought.  “Hmmm, I suppose we had better add his name to those we are searching for,” Marguerite thought out loud.  “Mother, what aren’t you telling me?” “You had better sit darling,” she ordered.
I did as she said.  “Have I ever told you about the Watchers before?” she asked. I shook my head. 
 “Alright then, I had better tell you now.  When there is a risk of exposure of our kind to humans, the Watchers monitor the situation and take appropriate action.  They are composed of members of each of the races.  Exposure can happen from humans that have seen too much, or from supernaturals that are too careless.  Neither can be tolerated.  However, in the case of humans, ordinarily, memories can be erased or they can be encouraged to join with us.” 
I nodded.  I had met a few of the aware in high school.  “Good, you know what I am talking about. But, when an immortal risks our secrecy the consequences are more severe.  Vampires are usually executed because their exposure usually means they have committed murder.  All other races have their powers bound, and most often are imprisoned for life.  That is quite a deterrent when you live forever,” she said severely.  
“I still don’t understand where the Watchers fit into this, or why Simone is coming after us,” I admitted.  “I’m getting to that. There is another member of the Watchers missing.  His name is Carlos Sanchez.  Carlos had told me Alexander’s behavior was growing even more flagrant than it was in the past, and believe me he has been busy.  It was decided he should be executed.  I believe he must have helped Simone escape prison.”
“Why?” I asked bewildered.  “She has been the only one fool enough to try and usurp the Council for thousands of years.  He must have seen it as his only chance at survival.  In turn she gains another chance at power.  
After Simone’s first bid at power, the Council decided it was best to bind the powers of our most gifted children, until they were nearly adults.  Usually, a young witch has powers gradually until she is your age.  I bound your powers, Finn’s parents bound his, Anita’s dad left her, all this was done to conceal you in case anyone else ever got the same idea again,” Marguerite explained.
“You what?  Why?” I asked shocked.  “Children are vulnerable, and their powers can be misused by others.  I didn’t agree with the Christiansens not to tell Finn what he was, but they wanted him concealed from everyone.  I chose to let you know what you were, but keep your powers from you until you were old enough to use them.  We all did it to prevent the same situation we find ourselves in now.  
We did it because, others who want power would seek to destroy yours, imprison you, and leverage that over the Council to gain control.  If they can weaken us, others would be able to step into our place.  Others, particularly the sorcerers that do not value human life, or the balance that we are sworn to protect. Do you understand that Chloë?”
“So how exactly does Finn’s parents, Carlos, and Dean’s cousin fit into this?” I asked.  “They are the Watchers.  As soon as I know anything I will let you know. Oh, and darling, do be nice to Finn.  I am quite fond of him and have plans for him in the future.  Au revoir.” We kissed on both cheeks, and she left as immediately as she arrived.  “I really should be careful what I ask for,” I said to no one in particular.
Grey was standing in the doorframe.  “You disappeared quite conveniently,” I noted.  “It was not a coincidence.  Your mother does not like my kind.  She telephoned me just before I saw you in the hall.  She knows we are seeing each other, and implied she did not want to see me. She warned me not to tell you she was coming. I’m sorry, I should have anyway, but I’ve been around you long enough to know not to anger a DuLac witch,” Grey explained and kissed my forehead.
“Where did your mother go?” Dean asked.  “I think she is outside talking to Finn before she leaves,” I answered.  Grey’s expression darkened.  I was embarrassed by my mother’s cold behavior.  Not surprised though, she didn’t make a habit out of considering my feelings.
“When do you think we can go back to the dorm?” Anita inquired.  “In a hurry to leave so soon, huh?” I replied.  “Well, I’m fine here, but I don’t think Finn is.  And yeah, he’s been an ass for the most part, but he’s still our friend.”  “Well, Simone can’t do locator spells.  However, I don’t know who else is working with her.  If you stay together, you could go to a hotel.  Don’t use your real name, and pay with cash.  I will see you in class tomorrow, and we will work this out,” I advised.
“Sounds good to me,” Finn answered from the same doorway Grey had stood in.  They all left to gather their things.  “You aren’t going with them?” Grey asked.  I looked up to him, and grabbed his shirt, “Don’t you have a promise to keep?” I asked flirtatiously. “It seems I do,” he picked me up off the chair and kissed me until he heard them descending the stairs.  
“I have a vehicle that will be difficult to trace back to you,” Grey said offering Dean the keys to a black Volvo station wagon.  “Thank you,” Dean said and took the keys.  Then Grey opened a safe hidden behind a beautiful impressionist painting, he took out a small stack of cash, and handed that to Dean also.  
“This should take care of any expenses you have for the next few days.  Anita has fake identification, let her book the rooms you might need.  And in the car is an untraceable cell phone and a charger. Be safe and call if you need anything.  The numbers are programmed into the phone,” Grey told Dean.  “You’re alright,” Dean said and slapped Grey on the shoulder.  
Finn scoffed and stormed out.  “Thank you Dean.  That means a lot to me.  You are all important to Chloë, and I want to help you,” Grey replied honestly.  “Enough of all this man flirting.  Let’s go already,” Anita quipped.  
“She, on the other hand, will never change.”  “You already know I approve, but I would appreciate a little sucking up too,” she teased.  “Stay away from cheerleaders brat,” Grey teased.  She playfully slapped Grey on the shoulder.  “See you tomorrow night,” Anita said and pushed Dean out the door.
“It would seem we are completely alone,” Grey pointed out.  “Yes it would,” I said trying not to giggle.  Grey strolled over to me, and he inhaled deeply. “Now where were we?”  “We were upstairs,” I reminded him.  He smiled, scooped me up in his arms, and practically flew up the stairs.

Chapter Twenty-Nine
	
A large bald eagle soared high above a tree-lined river.  I ran after it, tripping over rocks and exposed branches.  The river was low, but rushed rapidly downstream.  
The day was gray, cold, and quiet.  The only sounds were the calls of the eagle, my breathing, and the hushed roar of the river.  The smell of evergreen hung heavy in the air.  
The pall of the sky seemed to sharpen the colors around me.  The pine trees were deep green.  The smooth stones were different shades of gray, violet, blue, and tan.  My own hair, as the wind blew it past my face, reflected deep tones of mahogany.
I was missing something.  I looked into the trees on my right and saw Mickey.  She perched, stoically observing.  Then suddenly she looked at something behind me.  A large black raven flew over me and tried to pull out a lock of my hair.  Instinctually, I dropped to the ground.
Off from her perch, Mickey, the Red-Tailed hawk dove at the raven trying to chase the determined bird away from me.  I took advantage of the distraction she was providing; I stood up and ran as fast as I could.  The rocks cut my feet, and it was then I realized I wasn’t wearing shoes.  
I continued to run, leaving a trail of blood behind me.  I was bruised and battered from constantly falling on the slippery rocks.  Finally, I spotted the eagle just ahead.  It landed on an uprooted tree that was snapped off mid-trunk.  
I had to climb an earthen mound to get to the eagle.  The effort left me drenched in sweat, my hair plastered to my face, with dirt and blood all over my skin.  “Chloë, remember and then come find me,” the eagle said in an ethereal voice.  
Suddenly the eagle and the tree trunk transformed into a totem.  “I don’t understand,” I shouted.  There was no answer.  I listened as hard as I could, but the voice was gone.  I heard the trees rustle in the wind, the river flowing in the distance, and my heart pounding in my chest.  “I don’t understand,” I whispered, but still no one answered.
The earth began to shake, “Chloë, Chloë,” someone called out.  I looked around. “What, where?” I asked.  I opened my eyes, ugh, thank God it was a dream.  “Grey,” I moaned sleepily.  “Yes darling.  You were having a nightmare.  Do you want to tell me about it?” I shook my head no, “but I do feel like there is something I am supposed to remember. “What don’t you understand?”   “Did I say that out loud?” I asked embarrassed.  “Will you tell me in the morning?” He continued sweetly.  I wasn’t entirely sure I knew what the dream was about, but I nodded yes anyway.
Were you watching me sleep again?”  “How could I not?  That nightgown keeps riding up your thighs,” he said stroking my leg.  “I’m sure it is an accident you only bought these for me to sleep in here, even though I usually sleep in t-shirts and shorts.”  “You do?  Hmmm, how did I miss that?” Grey said with false sincerity.
He laughed briefly, and ran his hand through his thick, nearly black hair.  “What?” I asked self-consciously.  “You are still so shy around me.  I find it charming,” he said, and sat up next to me.  “I feel there is a question hidden in what you just said.”  “Perceptive.  Am I your first, Chloë?” 
“You couldn’t tell?” I asked surprised.  “Is that a yes?” he pressed.  “Yes, that is a yes.  But you could tell, right?”  “I suppose I could.  You were shy, modest, and perhaps a little hesitant.  But, no I did not notice at first.  I felt your passion, your desire. You seemed mature. Yet, you were innocent at the same time. I don’t know how I figured it out, I just knew.  It wouldn’t have mattered either way.  I loved you, but yes it was more special being chosen by you.  It is an old fashioned thing I suppose I will never grow out of.” 
“What was it that made you fall in love with me?” I asked curiously. “I loved you before we spent the night together, but once we were intimate, it was a feeling that consumed me.  It was the way you fell asleep in my arms after we made love.  I never wanted to let you go. That was actually what made me more desperately in love with you.”
“So, never let me go,” I propositioned.  He looked at me with a wicked grin, “What do you have in mind?”   “Well, I’m already awake, and I really do hate this nightgown.”  “Really,” he answered in a velvety smooth voice.  “Absolutely.  That t-shirt looks comfortable.  Do you want to trade?” I asked provocatively.  I raised one eyebrow, and pulled the nightgown over my head.
“This does not motivate me to buy you more comfortable sleepwear, you realize this right?” “I guess I will just have to keep stealing yours.”  I pulled his t-shirt over his head, and rubbed my hands over his strong muscular chest.  “You should wake me up from dreaming more often.”  “That is a request I would be happy to oblige.”
Grey hooked his hand under my knee, and pulled my leg around his waist.  My bare skin felt flame hot next to his cool hard flesh.  I pressed myself against him.  His full soft lips brushed across my collarbone, the base of my throat, under my chin, and below my ear.  He looked into my eyes, and they turned brilliant jewel green.  Grey smiled with satisfaction.
He softly kissed my lips.  My breathing became ragged.  Our hands interlocked, and he moved them above my head.  “Chloë, my beloved, my heart, my soul. I love you.”  I smiled, my eyes blazed so bright they were lighting up the dark.  “I wish I had words for how much I love you,” I whispered.  “Then show me,” Grey suggested, taking one of his hands from mine and tracing from my hand to my waist.  My eyes rolled into the back of my head.  I moaned softly, and roamed my hands into his hair, skin, everywhere I could touch.  We didn’t say another word, or move apart until the sun rose.
The sound of a car’s horn woke me with a start.  I scrambled for my phone, “I overslept.  I’ll be right out.”  “I came fifteen minutes early, because I knew this would happen,” Anita said laughingly.  I kissed Grey on the cheek. “Going already,” he said.  “Yes, I have to go to class.  Go back to sleep, I will see you later.”
I grabbed my clothes from the floor, and quickly dressed in the bathroom.  I brushed my hair, my teeth, and washed my face.  I skipped putting on any makeup, and made it out the door in less than fifteen minutes.  “Good thing you missed class yesterday,” Anita said and handed me a latté.
“Good morning Anita, thanks for the coffee.  Why exactly is it good I missed class yesterday?”  “Because those are yesterday’s clothes.  But since everyone in class didn’t see you yesterday they won’t know.”  “Very perceptive.  I should have set an alarm, but I was a little…uhm…distracted, last night.”  Anita giggled, “How was it?”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”  “Oh come on I would tell you,” Anita begged.  “Well, please don’t. I love girl talk and all, but I am not going to go into graphic detail about my love life.”  “Yuck.  I don’t want graphic detail, I know Grey too well for that. God, he is like my older brother. Just girl talk stuff.”  I raised my eyebrow at her.  She huffed an irritated sigh, “Okay, so I had an itty-bitty, tiny, little crush for about five minutes, but now he is definitely the older, overbearing brother that I never had.  Don’t think you are getting out of this.  Spill.”
“Well, it is amazing.  I can’t find words to describe.  I always thought saying ‘making love’ was some kind of mushy cliché, but now it doesn’t seem strong enough.  I love him, and even that doesn’t seem strong enough.  I can’t get enough of him.  Is that what you were looking for?” 
“Wow, I’m getting hot!  I wish Dean didn’t have all of these damn rules.  I’m sick of waiting.”  “Does he know that?”  “Yes.  Every time I complain about it, he says as soon as I am ready to be with him forever he would be more than happy to.  It is irritating, like he would be doing me a favor.  What makes me the angriest though is that he is so controlled.  I wish he had to fight harder to control himself.”	
“He loves you,” I reassured her.  “I know, but…ugh, I don’t think we are ever going to find a parking spot in this lot.  Well it looks like we are going to walk a little bit.”  “Better than walking from Thorp,” I told her.  “We are actually early too,” Anita whined.  “Oh come on.  We did come to college to learn.”  “Speak for yourself.  I came here to party,” she answered.
“Amazing that some creepy losers trash the dorm and the four of you freaks are mysteriously gone for the entire weekend,” Cynthia’s voice rose from behind me.  “If I ever lose my cool, she is the first one I’m going to bite,” Anita whispered to me.  “What was that?  Are you talking about me?” Cynthia asked.  “Yeah, I said bite me!” Anita snapped.
“Anita, really,” I chastised.  “Cynthia do you have anything of substance to say, or did you wake up this morning and just want to be a pest?” I asked her.  “So did you and Finn shack up this weekend after all?” Cynthia pried.  “Wow, nosey much?  I have a boyfriend, and as for where I stayed, that is none of your business,” I replied coldly. “Okay, well you missed Philosophy yesterday, and I volunteered you to be in my discussion group,” Cynthia said with a sneer.  Ugh, I would rather fight the vampires again.  “So see you later,” she said laughing.  “Okay, you can bite her,” I whispered to Anita.  Anita just laughed at me.
“Are you talking about us?” Dean asked as he strolled up casually and draped his arm around Anita.  She beamed up at his massive muscular frame.  “That is likely since you are always on my mind.”  Finn came up and linked arms with me, and gave me a sweet friendly smile. “Truce,” he whispered.  I nodded in agreement.
“Sure looks like you two aren’t a couple,” Cynthia said sarcastically.  “Believe what ever you want Cynthia, but just don’t tell her boyfriend we are together.  I don’t want my ass kicked,” Finn said and winked at me.  Hmm, maybe this time the truce would stick.  “Well if you aren’t together then why did you dump me and Tracy?” Cynthia demanded.  “I guess I’m just a dog,” Finn said with a laugh.  I shook my head at him.  He looked straight at me.  “No?”  “No, you are just figuring out what you want,” I offered.  
“Okay, buh bye now,” Anita said dismissively.  The four of us strode off together, leaving a stunned Cynthia standing with her mouth hanging open, staring at us.  It was almost possible to see steam coming out of her ears; she was so obviously angered by our trivializing her.  “You know this isn’t over with her,” Finn said to us.  “Oh, that is obvious.  And now I have to be in a group with her,” I complained.  
“Yeah, but I hate her!” Anita answered.  “And here I thought it was just me,” I told her.  “Well, I guess I joined that club, but at least you don’t want to drain her.”  “Anita!” Dean exclaimed.  “Sorry, just don’t let me be alone with her,” Anita said innocently.  
“Can I talk to you after class?” Finn asked me.  “Yeah sure.  After my theater class, do you want to go get a coffee?” I offered.  “Sounds good,” Finn said relieved that I agreed.  “Should I be worried?”  He smiled weakly, “No.  I have a question about something your mother told me.”  “Your parents?”  He nodded solemnly.  “Anything I can do to help,” I assured him.  “Thanks Chloë.”
My classes seemed to go much slower than usual.  Even my favorite history class was torturously long.  I tried to pay attention to the lecture, but my mind drifted to consider what my mother could have said to Finn that he wanted to discuss.  Typically anything that had to deal with my mother made me apprehensive. 
 I knew she was grooming me to take her place at the head of the Council.  The Du Lac family was somewhat like royalty in the supernatural world, and I was the princess.  At least in my mother’s mind that was the case.  Marguerite was not really interested in retiring, but like her mother before her, when a more powerful witch comes along it cements the family’s position.
When she felt I was ready to take over her role, my mother would join my grandmother on the Council, instead of leading it.  The Council was composed of the most powerful supernatural beings.  Once she joined the Council another member would be forced to resign.  I knew this was my mother’s plan.  I also knew my mother hoped that having four members of Du Lac witches on the Council, my great grandmother, my grandmother, my mother, and myself, would push our family agenda.  I was unclear what our family agenda was, but whatever it was, I was not happy with my apparent role in it.
All of a sudden I noticed everyone around me was getting up to leave.  Finally, theater was over.  I stuffed my books into my bag, put my coat on, and headed toward the campus café to meet Finn.  Outside the door to the building, Tracy was waiting for me.  
“Hi Chloë, can I talk to you for a sec?” she asked me.  “Yeah, sure, I’m meeting someone in a few minutes, but if you want to walk with me,” I offered.  I don’t know why I didn’t tell her I was meeting Finn, but I decided the less I told her, the better it was for me.  I was really starting to hate cheerleaders.
“So, uhm, Cynthia says you said you and Finn told her you aren’t back together, but she thinks you are,” she said in a muddled statement.  “Is there a question in there or are you trying to give me a migraine?” I asked.  She laughed a snorting, high-pitched laugh.  “You’re funny.  Cindy always says you are a freak-bitch, but I think you are funny.  Sammy and Tammy think so too,” She responded.  “Well, thanks, I guess.  And tell Sammy and Tammy thanks too.  You’re kinda weird, but I like you,” I told her. 
 “So are you and Finn back together?” she asked.  “No, we are just really good friends.”  “Do you know why he hasn’t called me? I’m sure he told you nothing happened between us, but I felt we made a deep connection.”  “I’m really sorry.  I’m sure it is hard to ask me that, but I don’t know.  We don’t really talk about our relationships with each other, that would be too weird, you know, considering.”  
“Do you think you could talk to him for me?” She asked.  “Mmmm…I don’t think I would be comfortable with that.  But, hey if he brings it up I’ll talk to him about it.  No promises though, Okay?”  “Yeah, it is really nice of you to talk to me about this anyway.”  “I only know how Finn is with me, but if you are bothered by how he’s treated you, talk to him.  You should stand up for yourself,” I advised her.  “I just might do that, thanks.”  
I opened the door to the SUB, ordered a coffee and sat down next to Finn.  “Did I see you walking with Tracy?” he asked.  “Yeah, awkward, but she is nicer than I thought she would be.”  “I need to talk to her.  I owe her an explanation.”  “That’s all I’m sayin’,” I said playfully.  Finn bumped his shoulder playfully into mine.  Then his demeanor turned serious.
“Your mother told me that the Council’s leads on my parents have run cold.  I don’t think that I have told you, but your mother and I have been talking since I learned my parents first disappeared.  That is actually why I haven’t been an emotional mess.  They thought my parents went on the annual gathering the most senior elves have every year.  Usually my parents do take a trip in September, so I wasn’t too concerned, and they did say they would be out of town for a few weeks.  
The elf leaders came back last week because of the Council meeting, and my parents weren’t there.  I never realized my parents were even on the Council.  Of course, I didn’t know any of this existed before I met you.
Anyway, your mother expected to see them then.  I guess she hadn’t taken what you said about them disappearing very seriously because she has known my parents for a few hundred years, and she believed they could take care of themselves.  But when she didn’t see them there, she began to worry.
She asked the other elves if they were at the gathering, and then everyone became worried.  They have never missed one before this year.  Since the attendance, the meeting place, and what occurs is secret, no one was alerted until the Council meeting that they were missing,” Finn explained.
“So this entire time I thought your parents were missing, you thought what, they were at the elvin gathering?” I asked.  “Yes. That is what your mother told me was most likely.  But there are a few others that did not show up to the Council meeting.  Most were only semi-prominent, but then there is a wizard named Carlos Sanchez.  Have you ever heard of him?”  
“Anita’s father, shit, that makes another one.  I didn’t push her for the full explanation, of course they would go after him too.” “What?  But Anita isn’t half witch,” Finn responded puzzled.  I gave him a look that said I knew what I was saying. “Grey told me the other day.  He discovered her father is Carlos Sanchez, a powerful wizard. He was going to tell her, but if you haven’t noticed she hasn’t been very stable lately.  Now isn’t the time to pull the rug out from under her.”  
“But what does this mean, that my parents and Anita’s father have disappeared at the same time?” Finn asked.  “Well that is the million dollar question, isn’t it?” “Do you think Simone could have caused their disappearances?”  “I don’t want to believe that.  Elves and wizards are much more powerful than her kind.  There is something more going on here.” I explained to him what my mother told me about the Watchers and about why our powers were bound. 
“This will never end, will it?” Finn asked sullenly.  “It doesn’t seem that way right now, does it?” I answered with equal regret.  I put my hand on his shoulder and he put his hand on mine.  Again the surge of energy raced between us.  How long could I pretend there wasn’t anything between us?  For now, at least a while longer I would. 
 I pulled my hand out from underneath his quickly, and saw the sorrow in his blue eyes.  “Chloë,” Finn began.  “Don’t,” I said.  “When?”  “I don’t know, not now,” I begged.  “You know it is supposed to be you and me.  You can feel it when we are close, or when we touch,” he said confidently. “I know.  But still I can’t.  Not now.  I’m not free to feel the way you want me to.”  “I’ll wait.  I have forever.”  “That is good to hear.  Even though it is not fair to expect you to.  How did we get so messed up?” 
“You don’t have to expect it Chloë.  I can’t do anything else.  You are like air to me.  I need you.  If I have to wait for you, I will.  I know I have screwed everything up, but we are destined to be together.  You know that right?”  “Destiny.  Why does everything have to be destiny? Yes I feel it.”  “Then why do you fight it?”  “I don’t know.  I guess I’m just not ready to give into destiny right now.  And I’m sorry, but I do love Grey,” I told him.  “I know you do.  I can feel that too. But I’ll wait for you anyway.  Forever if I have to.”
Finn got up from the table, placed his hand on my shoulder, and I knew he was right.  He was my destiny.  I was lying to myself.  His touch pulsed through me, sending electric current through every nerve in my body.  My eyes filled with tears, because I just wasn’t ready to trust him, yet. 
 I also wasn’t ready to give up Grey.  Every moment I spent with him made me feel more alive.  I’ve never felt this torn in two different directions. Is it possible to have two futures, and crave each with equal desperation?  

Chapter Thirty

I walked slowly back to my room.  I needed the time alone to think.  What was I going to do now that I knew what had been pressing at the back of my mind all along?  I belonged with Finn. I couldn’t deny it anymore.  Even still, I wanted Grey. It would cut me too deep to hurt Grey, but my heart was bleeding knowing Finn was out there waiting for me.  What could I do?  It wasn’t possible to have them both, that wasn’t me, and it wasn’t either of them.
For now I would do nothing.  Finn might be my future, and I was pretty sure he was, but I am equally sure Grey is supposed to be my present.  Finn touches the life in me, but Grey is my lifeline.  I just can’t let him go right now.  I hope Finn can forgive me.  I’m just not ready to face my destiny.
I took a deep breath and opened the front door of the dorm.  It was still a couple of hours before the sun would set.  I could go and see Grey, but until he called it would be best to let him handle any of his needs in private.  
I walked into the brick covered lobby, and saw Finn leaning casually against the wall next to the stairwell.  His thick, dark brown hair waved and framed his bright blue eyes, while hiding the tops of his ears.  When he saw me, his trademark devilish grin spread across his face.  How could I have fooled myself for so long?  
Finn laughed quietly and ran his hand through his hair.  I have always found Finn attractive, but I never realized he was this perfect looking, until now.  His hair is nearly black, but enriched by brown so it was still warm. The thick dark waves in his hair reflect light.  No man should have hair this beautiful.  
He is tall, over six feet, and when I’m near him I have to look up into his mesmerizing blue eyes.  Finn is not as muscular as Dean, but where Dean is broad, Finn is lean, and just as well defined.  
He has great taste in clothes.  Like right now he’s wearing the most perfect fitting jeans I’ve ever seen on a man, in the perfect dark/faded blue.  His charcoal gray t-shirt hints at the muscles underneath, while accenting his vibrant eyes.  I do not know much about men’s shoes, except that his are very fashionable, black, and leather.  He finished his look with a black leather jacket.
Finn laughed, this time a loud, rumbling laugh.  I looked at him curiously. Obviously, I wasn’t in on the joke.  “Chloë, are you checking me out?” he asked amused.  “No.  I mean…well…yeah, I guess I was,” I laughed nervously.  He closed his eyes, suddenly serious, “I wish.”  I put my hand up to stop him, “Not again Okay?  You’ve already got me thinking.  But the truth is, no matter what I feel; I’m not ready to do anything about it.  So can we just not talk about it until I’m ready?”  “I’ll try. That is all I can promise,” Finn said in a strained voice.
“Thank you.  I can’t ask any more of you,” I said with a smile.  Then without thinking, I did something truly stupid.  I couldn’t resist touching his thick hair again.  It had been so long.  I reached up and stroked the strand that always fell forward into his face.  He held his breath.  I stretched up, and kissed him on the cheek.  
The jolt I felt was strong and overpowering.  I wanted to surrender to the feeling, but I couldn’t. No, I wouldn’t do that to Grey. I looked into his eyes and heard my mother’s voice hinting at the plans she had for Finn.  Something pricked at the back of my mind, a knowledge not fully formed.  I started to move away, but I felt magically bound to Finn.  The harder I tried, the more it hurt.  I took a big step toward the stairs, and the blackness overtook me.
“Chloë, Chloë, can you hear me?” Anita was pleading.  I opened my eyes to find myself on my bed in my room.  Anita was pacing the floor, worried. Dean was sitting on her bed, amused.  Finn was standing by the window, but I couldn’t tell if he was amused or worried.  Honestly, he looked irritated. 
I sat up, slowly, because my head was spinning.  Finn lifted his head, and our eyes met.  “There was actually something I wanted to talk to all of you about. Before the lights went out, that is,” I told them.  “Yeah, about that.  You ran your fingers through his hair and then passed out?” Anita asked.  “Apparently so,” I responded, embarrassed.  “Well…do you guys want some time alone to talk?” Dean asked.  “No!” Finn and I both answered at the same time.  We looked at each other and laughed.
“So you wanted to talk to us.  I’m assuming this is about the red-headed bitch and her vamp boy toy?” Anita said making me focus on her instead of Finn.  As usual, her crass, point-blank nature brought me back into the moment.  “Yes, Anita.  Thanks for that,” I answered.  “Hey, I’m just callin’ ‘em as I see ‘em,” she said and sat next to Dean.
“Well I need to tell you about a dream I had last night.  I’m not psychic, and I’ve never had a vision without my familiar giving it to me, but I can’t shake this dream.”  “What is a familiar?” Finn asked.  “Oh, it’s an animal that stays close to a witch or wizard and acts as a spiritual guide,” I told them.  “Chloë has a red-tailed hawk that comes to her when it needs to give her a message,” Anita said bored.  She had heard this before.
“But, this hawk wasn’t there?” Finn asked.  “No, I was inside, asleep.”  I told them about the dream, the raven pulling my hair, being bloody, and dirty, trying to chase down an eagle.  “Are you sure this wasn’t just a dream?” Finn asked again.  “It didn’t feel like a dream. It felt real. Just humor me and help me think it through.”
Finn nodded.  “Well, remember when we got chased by that flock of ravens at the beginning of the quarter?” Anita asked, with a bright spark of knowledge flashing in her eyes.  “How could I forget that?  Ravens are symbolic of death. There were so many of them there, which made it such an ominous warning.” 
“So a raven could also symbolize a necromancer since they speak to the dead and cast death magic?” Dean asked.  “It’s a spell,” Finn said simply.  “What?  Oh my god! You’re right,” I gasped.  “What kind of spell combines hair, blood, and earth?” Anita asked.  “A binding spell,” Finn answered again.  How did he know this and I didn’t?
I looked at him confused.  “Finn?”  “I was hoping it was a dream, because otherwise what I found in one of your spell books while you were passed out means that my parents bound my powers,” he answered with growing anger.  “I already told you my mother claims they did just that. The thing I don’t understand is your parents are elves, and they wouldn’t have had the ability to bind your powers.  They would have needed a witch or wizard to do that.  My mother said she didn’t agree with their approach.  How would they have bound your powers?”  “They are close to your mother, and a few others as well, others who have also gone to extreme measures to hide their children,” he said with a knowing glance at me.  Ah, Anita’s father.  It made sense.
Anita was watching us sharing information she didn’t completely understand, and it irritated her.  She jumped in to steer us back on topic.  “Regardless…I mean yeah that sucks Finn, but we are in the middle of a crisis, and you have your powers now, so we’ll deal with that later, ‘kay.” “I already told you this earlier, why did it take finding my book to believe me?”  Finn put his hands out to show he meant no harm. “I just hoped you misunderstood what Marguerite said.  But, then I found the spell, and realized you were right, they were all in on it together.” “So, it is a binding spell. Who are we binding?” Anita asked, trying to keep us focused.
I thought for a second, mentally replaying the dream.  “I believe we need Simone’s hair.  She’s using Alexander to create the vampires she controls, so I think we need his blood.  That is going to be hard to get.”  “Not as hard as you think,” Grey said entering through the window.  I jumped when I heard his voice.
I hadn’t noticed that Finn moved to the center of the room while we were talking, and I certainly hadn’t noticed the sun had set. Now that I’m not lying to myself anymore, I can’t deny I love Finn. But, if I’m really being honest I love Grey too.  I love them both.  Well, this just sucks!
“Earth to Chloë!” Anita snapped.  “Wha…huh? Sorry, zoned out.  How is that going to be easy?” I asked Grey, trying to ignore the stares Anita was projecting at me.  “I created Alexander, and he made Anita what she is.  You use our blood, it’s the same as his,” Grey said with a smirk.  “You what?” I asked shocked.  Why was this the first I had heard of that?
“What about the earth?” Dean asked, keeping me focused.  “Good question.  I have never done a binding spell.  I’m not even sure I can bind the powers of another witch.  Since a necromancer is basically a witch, their powers cannot be bound, unless another necromancer is casting the spell.  I can’t tap into the same power she has, even though I am more powerful, so we will have to find a necromancer she isn’t in league with.”  
“Witches have a lot of rules,” Anita complained.  “They aren’t rules so much as laws.  And when I saw laws, I mean similar to a scientific law, like gravity.  And just like I don’t understand all of the physics behind natural laws, I can’t tell you why it is that way, just that it only works when a witch binds a witch and a necromancer binds a necromancer.”
“It is obvious the earth means just that, earth.  Where we get it is the confusing part, so we need to focus on that.  There is another element to your dream, or vision, whatever.  What were you chasing after?” Finn asked leading me to something he was already considering.  “Mon Dieu!  I am missing everything aren’t I?” I laughed.  “Ugh, can you fill the rest of us in on this enlightening revelation?” Anita demanded.  I smirked, “My father is Eli Soaring Eagle.”  
“So we find your father,” Grey stated.  “I know he was in your dream, but how can your dad help?” Dean asked.  “My father is a Native American healer, you might call him a shaman.  He is unique in the supernatural world.  He is in his own category.  He has all of the powers of a wizard, a necromancer, and a shape-shifter.”
“No wonder you are considered to be the most powerful witch alive!” Anita blurted out.  “Maybe someday. Anyway. My father might be around Yakima or Toppenish at this time of the year.  He has been drawn to the Pacific Northwest for decades now.  He usually splits his time between the coastal tribes and the eastern tribes.”  
“Can you find him?” Dean asked.  “I don’t have a phone number or anything if that is what you are asking.  He doesn’t use modern technology.  I can scribe for him though, and send him a dream message.  Mickey, the hawk, can deliver something like that if he is nearby.”
Grey gave me an odd look, and then abruptly turned to Anita, “Help her with scribing, and creating the object she will use to carry the vision to her father.” “Why me?” Anita asked, almost whining.  Grey smiled slightly, “Let’s just say I think you will have a knack for it.”  
“I don’t think the dorm is the best place to perform this spell,” I blurted out.  Grey seemed distant, and I was afraid he was trying to leave.  I wanted an excuse to be able to talk to him alone. Everything could go back to normal.  Unfortunately, Grey is too perceptive, and I know he has picked up on my feelings for Finn.  
Grey turned to me, and looked me directly in the eyes.  I ignored the fact my friends were still crowded into Anita’s and my tiny dorm room. I needed to go to him.  I took his face in both of my hands, and traced its beautiful structure with my fingers.  He closed his eyes, and needlessly inhaled deeply.  
“Hey, let’s pretend I said something really tactful, and came up with a great excuse for the three of us to go to your room.  You know, other than what is going on in front of us,” Anita said to Dean and Finn.  Anita is blunt, somewhat crass, and completely wonderful.  I wouldn’t change her.  I snuck her an approving grin, she nodded, and herded the guys out of our room.

Chapter Thirty-One

We stood staring at each other.  Neither of us said a word for what seemed like an eternity.  What should I say?  I opened my mouth to say something, and then changed my mind.  I wished he would kiss me and make this conversation unnecessary.
“Chloë, I can see you are struggling with something, just say it already.  Has what you felt for me changed so much since this morning?”  Grey’s demeanor was distant.  All the friendliness and humor had vanished from his expression.  He was not frightening me, but for the first time he truly exhibited the stereotypical coldness of a vampire.
“No, my feelings for you haven’t changed,” I told him.  “Something has changed, Chloë.”  “I…I…I’m just confused.  I don’t want anything to change,” I answered.  “You love him Chloë, I can see that.  Don’t insult me by telling me you don’t.  I want to know where that leaves us,” Grey said brusquely.  “I won’t lie to you.  I have feelings for Finn, maybe its love.  What I don’t have for him is trust.  I want to be with you. No matter what I feel for Finn, it doesn’t change that I love you, and I trust you.  I guess where that leaves us is up to you.” 
Grey bowed his head to me, very formally.  I reached out to touch his shoulder, but he stepped back out of my reach.  “Grey, please.  I didn’t mean for this to happen.  I don’t plan on acting on it.  Yes I have feelings for him, but I love you.  Don’t turn your back on me,” I argued with him.  
“You can come to my house this evening to perform the spell.  I will give you any assistance you require,” Grey said not responding to my rant.  “So that’s it then? I have forgiven Finn, and yes I still have feelings for him. But, even though I choose you, you’re what, done?”  I stepped in front of the window, barring his exit. I needed an answer.  “I will not share you,” Grey answered simply.  “Gross. I’m not asking you to. I would never share you either.  Do you still want to be with me?” “Of course I want to be with you.”  “Can we get past this?” I asked, afraid of the answer.  “I have to think about it,” he answered and walked out the door.
He has to think about it?  I wanted to scream, or hit something.  Damn men pulling me in every direction.  Like I wanted to feel this way. I was definitely not going to go to his house.  There was another alternative to solve this problem, and I was going to find it.  
Then I remembered Uncle George.  He is an elder in the Yakama tribe, and he knows when my father is in the area.  He isn’t really related to me, but has known my father for as long as I have known him.  I decided to call him, since it was only seven in the evening.  
I looked up his number on the internet and dialed.  We made it through the prerequisite pleasantries, and I asked if my father was in the area.  I learned he was living in a log cabin in Tieton.  Good old Uncle George, calling him was much easier than performing the scribing spell.  He promised to tell my father I was going to visit this weekend.
I hung up the phone and began to pace.  I didn’t have a reason to go to Grey’s house now, and I certainly wasn’t going to call him and let him know I wasn’t coming.  Let him worry.  
Anita burst into our room, “I saw Grey leaving. What are we going to do about the spell?”  “After he left it occurred to me, why perform a spell, when I could pick up the phone and find out if my father is in town.  So I called my Uncle George.  He told me my father is in the state, and he will tell him we are going to go see him this weekend.”  “What are you going to tell Grey?”  “I was thinking nothing…Yeah, nothing sounds right.”  
Anita glared at me.  “Hey, don’t give me that look.  He stormed out of here.  He said he has to think if he and I can still be together, so screw him and keeping him informed.”  “Well, why don’t you tell me what you really think?” Anita said trying to keep a straight face.  “I’m so glad this amuses you,” I fumed.  “It doesn’t.  I’m sorry.  I should say men suck, but I am starting to think only yours do,” Anita teased.  “Again, thanks for the humor.  But for now, just stuff it,” I smiled my most sarcastic smile.
“Well since we aren’t going to perform the spell, and thank God for that, what are we going to do?” Anita asked.  “What, you weren’t looking forward to doing any magic?” I asked teasingly.  “Duh, no.  I’m a vampire, not a witch.  That spell stuff should be left to you.”  “Well I thought I would share the fun,” I said with a wink.  “No thanks.  I’ve seen you pass out from magic recently, so I think I’ll just watch.” 
“Let’s get some dinner,” I suggested.  “You are going to have to talk to him eventually.”  “True, but eventually isn’t tonight.” I opened our door, and tossed her coat at her.  
Anita was right I would have to figure out what was going on between Grey and I.  I just didn’t want it to be over.  Delaying seemed the best way to keep him from ending it.  Funny, I was feeling confused about my feelings for Finn until I faced loosing Grey.  Suddenly, I realized I was not ready to lose him.  Being eighteen sucks.  Life should come with a manual.

Chapter Thirty-Two

“Stubborn!  I mean it’s just rude!” I shouted as I snapped my cell phone shut and tossed it across the room onto my bed.  “I’m sorry are you referring to Grey not calling or your refusal to call him?  I’m lost, because there is so much stubbornness to go around where the two of you are concerned,” Anita commented with her back to me, turned smiled sarcastically, and then returned to studying.  
It was Thursday evening, three days after my argument with Grey.  We hadn’t spoken since.  I was starting to wonder if he intended to ever speak to me again.  To make matters worse, Finn was also avoiding me.  I realize he was trying to give me space to work things out with Grey, which is sweet, but it only made me even more pissed off at Grey.  I shouldn’t have to avoid Finn or make Finn feel like he should avoid me to preserve my relationship.  Bastard.  
“You’re pacing again,” Anita observed, without looking at me.  “Huh,” I grunted. “Can you make your internal monologue a little less annoying, and a little more still?” Anita requested.  “Yeah, sure, fine,” I agreed, moodily.
I found everyone annoying. Therefore, I decided to go for a walk.  I put on my shoes, grabbed my coat, and left. I had charmed my computer earlier in the quarter.  It magically did my homework for me now, and I had a lot of free time on my hands.  I did all of the reading myself. I only had to touch my computer, and it began to write my papers or do my other assignments.  That left all of my evenings free.  It had been awesome, but since Grey wasn’t calling…
Nope, not going to think about it, just going to walk.  I’m not sure where, but I would figure it out.  My phone still wasn’t ringing.  But, I was not thinking about that, just walking, right into…Grey.  Didn’t see that coming.
“What the hell,” I exclaimed surprised, annoyed, and a little angry.  “Hello to you too,” He answered curtly.  “Okay, hello, and what the hell?” I said again in my bitchiest tone.  “You never came to my house Tuesday night.  I worried about you.  I came to see if you needed any assistance.  I meant to stay away.  Give you space to figure out what you wanted, but I can’t stay away from you.  I know I’m not your destiny, but I feel drawn to you just the same.”
“I’m going to scream if everyone doesn’t stop telling me what my destiny is.  How are you sure we aren’t meant to be together?  You didn’t believe me when I said I wanted to be with you?  Is that why you haven’t called me for three days?” I ranted.  “I’m sorry I’m not trying to offend you.  Your mother has plans for you. Unfortunately, I’ve seen for myself her plans would work.  I can’t fight her if she’s right.  Believe me, I wish I doubted her,” he answered sourly.
“That’s it then?  You talk about my future, which everyone but me is certain about. Apparently, in this other future we aren’t together. This is what matters to you, regardless of the fact that in the present I’m certain I want you.  Do you want to throw away the certainty of now for the ambiguity of the future?” I asked pointedly.
Grey lips spread into a half smile, but his eyes still held a degree of sadness.  “Are you asking me if I will take you for as long as I can have you? Even if, I am sure you cannot be mine forever?” Grey asked sorrowfully.  I scrunched up my face in disdain. “Not when you put it that way.  If you are so sure we are hopeless, I can see why you don’t want to continue.”
I half turned to walk away, but he reached out with his lightning fast reflexes and grabbed my shoulder.  “I’m pathetic for admitting this, but even if I only get to be with you for one more night, or two more weeks, I’ll take it.  Being with you is like breathing again.  That probably doesn’t mean anything to you, but I have not taken a real life giving breath for several hundred years.  But, when I am with you, I feel alive again.  I’m in no hurry to end this feeling.” 
“Only you are certain this is going to end,” I whispered in his ear.  “Nonetheless, it will. I’ve accepted that. Maybe we are just a different kind of meant-to-be.  When you live forever, as we do, there are several destinies to live out.  You might be so sure of us, because we are meant to be right now. Could be why I can’t fight my feelings for you.”
I liked the sound of most of that.  It sounded less set in stone, out of my hands, designed by some unseen deity.  However, he still said “destiny,” and I really hated that word.  I slipped my hand into his, and bobbed my head to the side suggesting we take a walk.
“I was confused,” I began.  “Was?” he interrupted.  “Up until the moment you walked away and I didn’t see or hear from you for three days.  I know you don’t believe me, but I need you.  That sounds pathetic, but it’s true,” I admitted.  “Today, tomorrow, a year, forever, what ever you will offer me I’ll take it and suffer the consequences later.  I love you Chloë. As long as you want me and I want you, we’ll be together.  How does that sound?”  “Perfect.” I grabbed the back of his neck and kissed him.  I spoke against his lips, “Hey, I’ve missed you.” 
He kissed me again, and it was sweet, full of longing, love, and a hint of sadness.  “Stop ending us while we are still going strong,” I admonished.  His crooked smile appeared.  He hauled me against him for a kiss that was full of consuming fire and promises.  “Now that is more like it,” I murmured.
It was Halloween, a fact I had been ignoring due to my ill temper.  The usual silver glow of the moon was replaced by a large, eerily low harvest moon.  It cast a dark, bloody light on the night.   Werewolves, prostitutes, zombies, catholic schoolgirls, nuns, priests, the devil, and Jesus all walked past us on their way to various campus parties.  Some of the costumes were creative, but most were just an excuse to go out in public nearly nude.
Anita, who apparently started traveling by rooftop, jumped off the top of the nearest building.  She pounced on top of me. “Do you realize we never had you conjure costumes?”  “I take it you’re done with your homework?” I asked, sliding out from under her.  “She is,” Dean replied, and swung out of one of the trees.  Dean landed soundlessly at my feet, with the grace of a predator.  
“Is this a private party, or can anyone join in?” Finn asked, and stepped out from behind the tree Dean was perched in.  “I’m not even sure what is going on here,” I replied bewildered.  “All Hallows Eve is what is going on here.  Ya know, Halloween?  We need to dress up, get down, and have some fun,” Anita sang.  
“We don’t have costumes,” I pointed out, gesturing to our clothes.  “You have a wand,” Anita returned.  She smiled at me, practically bouncing with her impending win.  She read the acquiescence on my face. “Thank you,” she said before I agreed.  I faced Grey, looked deeply into his nearly black brown eyes, and leaned into him.  I wanted his opinion on what we should do.
“Yes,” he whispered in my ear.  I love it when he does that.  I pressed my body closer to his firm torso.  “What do you want to do?” I asked.  A familiar light flickered in his eyes, and he grinned mischievously.  “I have a few ideas,” he whispered, and twirled a lock of my hair.  I knew exactly what his “ideas” were when I felt his fingers trail down my neck.
“Should we leave then?” I whispered, stretching on my toes to reach his ear.  Grey isn’t as tall as Finn, but he is still quite a bit taller than I am.  I’m sure when Grey was born, which was still a mystery to me, he was considered very tall.  Damn, I’ve been daydreaming again. I can tell I was supposed to answer a question, because he has that look he gets when I’m not paying attention.
“Chloë, did you hear me?”  I shook my head no.  “Day dreaming again?” Grey asked amused. “Yeah, sorry. I’ll tell you what I was thinking about later,” I said coyly, and slid my hand up his shirt to touch the rippling muscles of his stomach.  He closed his eyes for a second. 
 “You should stop that. It has been too long since we were together,” he groaned.  “Grey, it’s been like three or four days,” I replied. “Definitely too long. Anyway, what I said was, I don’t want to be the reason your friends are disappointed.  What do you think about going out for a little while?  At the very least we should make sure my old friend is not up to anything tonight.”  
I pursed my lips and looked up at him through my long, dark eyelashes, “We are only going for a little while right?”  “Yes darling.  As soon as you want to leave we will go,” Grey answered smoothly.  “And if I want to leave right now?” I asked flirtatiously.  “Why would you want to do that?” Grey asked, playing along.  “Mmmm, I have a few ideas,” I said, copying him.  He laughed softly, tangled his hand into my hair, and kissed me gently.
His kiss felt soft and wonderful.  He had my heart was racing, and he wasn’t trying to prove anything.  I slowly slid out of Grey’s arms, and reluctantly took my eyes off of him.  My cheeks were rose red from blushing, when I turned to face my friends.  I was trying to compose myself quickly, but it wasn’t fast enough.  
One look and I noticed the hard set of Finn’s jaw. His eyes had cooled to a steel blue color. He was trying not to look at me.  Finn stood away from the rest of us.  He had his arms laced tight across his chest, in an effort to insulate himself from the pain I could see in his face.
Finn’s eyes always reflect his emotions. This cold, clinical steel color they were now signaled he was trying to detach himself from a strong emotion.  Our eyes met for a split second, and in an instant his demeanor changed.  Finn’s head snapped up, and he wore a half smirk on his face.  My eyes narrowed suspiciously, and then it occurred to me, my eyes.  
My large, dark brown, eyes popped open wide with the epiphany of what Finn was thinking, or moreover what he knew.  My eyes weren’t green.  When Finn kissed me, or even touched me my eyes flared a magical emerald green.  
It wasn’t that the color of my eyes never changed when I was with Grey, but that they always changed with Finn. He saw the awareness wash over my face, and he winked at me.  What could I do?  I might be in love with Grey, deeply, but I love Finn too.  I rolled my eyes at him, and focused on Anita.  I had to give her credit. She was waiting patiently.  Well, patiently for Anita.
That meant she periodically cleared her throat, made a few lude comments, and I believe I heard her whistle at one point.  “Finally,” she sighed, exaggerating and elongating the syllables of the word.  “You want me to conjure up some costumes?” I asked.  
“Duh,” Anita responded.  I laughed at her and called my wand into my hand.  “Can we avoid any of the cliché costumes I keep seeing tonight?” I asked hopeful.  “Damn, and I was really hoping I could be some sort of mega-slutty catholic school girl/prostitute/vampire/nun.  Did I cover them all?” Anita asked sarcastically.  “Yeah that covers everything.  But is dressing as a vampire really a ‘costume’ for you?” I teased.  “Mmm.  Good point.  Okay, leave everything else but scratch out the vampire part,” Anita said with a laugh.
I looked at all of us as a group.  To me Anita has always reminded me more of a pixie, a sprite, a woodland nymph, or some other kind of fairy than a vampire.  Dean reminded me of a Roman gladiator.  I could easily picture his heavily muscular frame in the leather protective gear that is characteristic to a gladiator.  I’m sure Anita, as well as every other breathing female, would also thank me for exposing that much of his beautiful body.  
Finn’s painfully handsome face, extremely sexy body, and confident manner had to be put on display, but how?  Many of the girls fantasized about him as some sort of prince charming, or knight in shining armor.  I didn’t want to see him dressed up as a wimpy Disney-esque prince in tights, but I could easily fantasize about him clad in chainmail and carrying a broad sword.  
Grey stood about five feet eleven inches tall.  He was shorter than both Dean and Finn, but for the time period that he lived he probably towered over his peers.  He is muscular, not as bulky as Dean, but twice as strong.  Grey’s nearly black hair and matching eyes, contrasted his bone white skin.  To me he was so obviously a vampire. I wanted to allow him to walk out in the open.  
He smiled, his lips curved in a half smirk.  I looked at him questioningly.  Then I noticed the feral glint to his eyes vampires get when they reveal themselves.  His smile broadened, revealing his fangs, which had protruded while I was studying him.  
This happened sometimes when he was excited, angry, lustful, happy, basically any strong emotion.  The more I learned about my world, I came to understand that powers in general were connected to the emotional center of the person.  The one who is most in control of themselves is the most formidable.  I am still a work in progress.	
I couldn’t figure out what I was going to be.  I could take the easy way out and turn myself into a witch, or at least into some semblance of people’s idea of a witch.  That seemed like cheating.  As if on cue Anita piped up, “Ehem, I can tell you are sizing all of us up for what we are going to be. If you are picking our costumes don’t think you are going to get off choosing your own.”  
I wanted to laugh at the amount of attitude she layered into that statement. She had one hand placed on her hip, and the other was gesturing along with her words.  But I did not dare laugh, because she meant every word.
With fake sincerity, I said, “Oh, I wouldn’t dream of it.  I was about to ask all of you, what you thought I should go as.”  “Sure you were,” Anita was unconvinced.  “I would like to see you dress as a girl from a harem,” Finn suggested boldly.  Grey’s head snapped up, and his stare appeared lethal, but it quickly softened, “For once I agree with the el…I mean with Finn.  It could be amusing…later.”  
I decided against looking at either of them.  I wanted to remain out of their petty bullshit, besides Finn did start it.  Still, I was not going as a harem girl.  “Next,” I suggested, with my annoyance obviously apparent in my voice.  “Didn’t you say once that the Greek and Roman gods were really witches?” Anita pondered.  “Yes.  They had so much power; they decided that they could easily have mortals worship them.  Besides we live forever.  It wasn’t difficult,” I answered.  “So then, go as a goddess,” Anita suggested.  “Alright. I’ll go as my great-grandmother, Athena,” I responded.  
“What?” Anita, Dean and Finn asked astonished.  Grey stood by silently, knowingly.  I should have realized he was aware of my family’s history.  He has lived far too long not to know the true power of the Du Lac witches.  Hmm, I wonder if he realizes that my great-great grandmother is Hera?  Of course they all use other names now.  I have never met my great-great grandmother.  Her daughter, my great-grandmother, uses the name Sophia.  My mother explained it only seemed fitting that the goddess of wisdom chose a name that means wisdom.
I looked seriously at all of my friends and said, “I come from a very old family.  The fortune is only part of the legacy, inheritance, birthright, or what-have-you.  And it is only part of the destiny that I am not yet ready to claim.  Although I do not believe, as my mother also does not, that I am meant to be a goddess.  No matter what my family history is.”  I spun on my heel and left them standing open mouthed at my revelation.
I closed my eyes in contemplation of the magic I was about to perform.  I wanted to cast a glamour spell, and not actually transform my friends into the images I was picturing.  My jewel green eyes burst wide open.  I stretched my arms out wide to my sides with my fists clenched tight.  “Transform,” I ordered.  As I spoke the word aloud, I opened my hands and released a glowing green web of magic around myself.
The usual green haze of my magic swirled around me, beginning at my feet, caressing my legs, moving up my torso, cradling my face, and then returning to the web of magic around me.  When the mist finally pulled away, I stood in Grecian sandals, wearing a toga fit for a goddess, and a wreath of thin gold leaves in my hair.  My long hair was changed from being worn casually down to being ornately arranged atop my head with long barrel curls hanging down.
I released my magic a second time.  “Expand,” I demanded.  My friends, who were clustered together in a group, fell inside the net. The haze snaked around each one of them.  Anita was dressed in a long tan colored dress, covered with sheer iridescent material in shades of violet, blues, and pinks.  The skirt flowed freely, but the top was tight and had a laced bodice.  The center was a vibrant green.  She wore flowers in her loose curled hair.   
Dean and Finn simultaneously transformed into a Roman gladiator and a medieval knight wearing chainmail.  Grey, was expecting to go out tonight dressed as, well, himself, a modern vampire.  He had seen centuries of Halloweens, and was not really interested in the ceremony of going out as someone else.  I, on the other hand, had other plans. 
 When my magical mist pulled away from my friends (and my boyfriend? Was that the right word?) Grey was dressed as an English gentleman, from the seventeenth century.  It wasn’t as over the top as turning him into Dracula, and it gave him a bit of originality. He appeared as a vampire from the nightmares of Bram Stoker and his contemporaries. A dashing devil that seduced women to their doom.  
We stepped out from the shadows, and emerged onto the mall near Eighteenth Street.  A large crowd of costumed students had found their way to this spot, congregating, discussing which party to attend, and heading east toward the University Village apartment complex.  
Seeing the cluster of bodies heading in that direction, Anita and I turned to Dean, expectantly.  “Yeah, one of the guys from the team lives in that complex.  I’m guessing your lack of social exploration is what is bringing on that look,” Dean observed smugly.  He had us.  Neither Anita, nor I had friends outside of this small circle.  I don’t think Finn had made a single friend outside of us either. Perhaps a few females, but I don’t think that he was sharing much of his personality with them.
“Hey! We can make friends,” Anita exclaimed, offended.  Dean smiled unaffected, “I know that you can sweetie, I just don’t think that you will.  See the difference?  Anyway, you haven’t so I have to make all of the connections into the mortal realm for us.” Mortal realm, we don’t talk like that.  “Come on, we don’t talk about humans like that,” Anita scoffed. My best friend and I might share a brain on occasion. “But you do make the distinction,” Dean pointed out.  Anita shrugged. I guess she saw his point. Yeah, ok I did too.
Just like that it was as if we were back at the party only a couple of weeks ago, when Anita and I decided we needed to make an effort to have the complete college experience.  We were going to socialize, and make every effort to have a normal life, despite our abnormal origins.  And we would do it while hunting for a vampire and his evil hag.
Since that fateful party I had broken up with Finn, began dating Grey, and confronted Alexander and Simone a few times.  Here I am a little more than two weeks later, going to another party, trying to feel the “real college experience”, in costume, while simultaneously looking for real vampires and necromancers.  Why am I the only one who could see that this plan was a failure before we began?
Déjà vu, here we were again.  The same music, and probably the same forgettable people.  The apartment door opened and Dean greeted the host. They began talking a language of sports.  He introduced Anita, as his girlfriend, to his teammate, and she beamed brightly.  
Grey stepped out for a moment to inspect the surroundings.  Before he left he whispered, “If you need me, say my name and I will hear you.  I won’t leave you to fend for yourself among these cretins.”  I kissed him on the cheek and he sauntered off out the back door.  
Down the gray-carpeted stairs stumbled Cynthia, followed by two of her minions.  “So that was the mysterious ‘boyfriend’ you keep talking about.  What he couldn’t stay?” Cynthia slurred.  I felt the reassurance of cold fingers gently touching my neck, and I turned slightly to introduce Grey, but instead stared right into the pale brown eyes of Alexander.
I opened my mouth to whisper Grey’s name to tell him that I needed him to return, but the increased adrenaline pumping into my system made my heart begin to race, and without saying a word Grey reappeared instantly by my side.  
“Who is your lovely friend Chloë?” Alexander asked, while staring hypnotically at Cynthia.  She, however, was too drunk to be taken in.  “We are not friends. I mean come on! Can you really see me hanging around with this freak?” Cynthia exclaimed.  Alexander laughed darkly, “Too bad. I had hoped to become acquainted with a friend of Chloë’s tonight. I suppose you are lucky then.” “Oh, God, whatever!  Are all your friends freaks like you Chloë?” Cynthia slurred.
She turned to Alexander, oblivious to the danger she was in and continued, “Then you should meet Anita. That is the only friend this loser has.”  “Ah, yes, lovely Anita. She and I have already met, but thank you for the suggestion,” Alexander purred.  “Whatever, this conversation stopped being interesting long ago. God!  This party is so lame, now that they are letting anyone in,” Cynthia said. She walked away, no longer absorbed in a conversation that was so focused on anyone but her. Besides, it was obvious she thought Alexander was the creepy kind of weird.  Maybe she’s not as stupid as I assumed.
I really wanted to send Alexander flying with a jolt of magic, but we were in a crowded room.  Thankfully Grey maneuvered through the crowd, and pulled me away from Alexander. Grey was more frightening in the costume I conjured. Much more than Alexander’s favorite character, himself.  Both of them were showing their fangs in full view of the public. Not that anyone believed they were real.  
“We never get a chance to sit and catch up old friend,” Alexander said to Grey, with false sincerity.  “Cut the crap Alexander, what are you up to?  You can’t fight us here, unless you want to risk exposure,” I pointed out.  “Sweet naïve Chloë. I think I am beyond risking exposure here.  You should give in and join me. I have a special place for you.  An extraordinary friend of mine set it up. You might actually like it there, since you seem partial to the company of vampires.”
I sent a small charge down to my fingertips. I was about to give Alexander a taser like shock, when I heard someone scream from the lawn behind the apartment complex.  My eyes locked with Grey’s. I noticed Alexander’s smirk out of my peripheral vision, and then like smoke, he vanished.  
Several things happened at once. For a split second a deafening silence fell over the entire party, both outside and in.  Then a riotous roar of fear came from everyone in the back as they desperately tried to escape.  Bodies began bashing into each other as they attempted to flee.  Standing still in the chaos, I saw Alexander’s “extraordinary” friend. Her red hair blew casually in the October night air.  It was Simone. 
I quickly saw Finn and Dean follow the crowd out the front door. They were trying to lead them to safety, and keep track of them at the same time.  Anita, Grey and I pushed our way out the back to confront Simone and Alexander.  
Next to Simone was one of the few remaining enchanted vampires, at his feet laid an exchange student.  I noticed her on the mall in the throng of slutty nurses and fairytale characters.  I heard her speaking to a small crowd of male admirers.  Her accent was delicate and musical.  She was tall, thin, blonde, and looked like she came from Finland or Sweden.  She could have stepped out of any male’s fantasy.  Now she looked more like a character from a slasher flick.
Her hair was glued to her neck with rust brown colored blood that was still oozing from two puncture wounds on her throat.  Her eyes were opened wide in horror. She looked like she wanted to scream, but had forgotten how. Great, not only was magic exposed on campus, but now we also had an international incident.  Simone needed to die painfully. If only that were possible.  
“Hello Chloë. I brought you a present,” Simone said, with a smug smile plastered on her over-confident face. The vampire next to her kicked the girl.  “What nothing for me?” she pouted, feigning hurt feelings. 
“Oh, how rude of me. Let me fix that,” I retorted. I conjured balls of energy with more power than I ever created before.  Then, I released both of them into her center. My intention was to cause intense pain and lasting injury.  If I couldn’t kill her, I would make her wish I could.  “Here you go,” I grunted.  She gasped loudly, and fell to the ground.   
Alexander began to pick up the girl, but I wagged my finger at him and revealed another swirling ball of energy in my other hand.  I was ready to hit him if he took her.  “Leave the girl,” I ordered.  I was glad he didn’t comply fast enough, because I was itching to hurt something.  
The Council has numerous rules on the level of retaliation we are allowed to use against other supernaturals.  I was skirting the line, but I didn’t care. Alexander and Simone were sadists that reveled in the suffering of others. They needed to be stopped, so I threw the energy ball at him.  “I am so happy that your group is filled with such slow learners,” I said grinning.  
“Are you sure she is one of you?  She seems somewhat sadistic to me,” Alexander asked Grey as he stumbled to his feet.  Grey laughed, “Keep testing her, she appears to be enjoying herself at the moment.  However, if I were you I would take the wounded witch and leave while it’s still possible.  A few less witnesses and she might just decide to kill you.”  
“But you are just a child,” Simone murmured weakly.  I laughed humorlessly. “Look where that belief got you tonight. I’m over this discussion, I think you should just continue it with my mother.” I started to dial my cell phone. Alexander immediately held up his hand. “We will leave.”  “Do so.  Don’t come back. I hear Marguerite has a chamber especially set aside for unwelcome guests.  Rather unpleasant from what I understand, but fitting for your behavior,” Grey stated.
“Will they go?” I asked Grey, watching the party descend into madness.  “No, Alexander never backs away from a challenge.  I don’t know Simone, but they have brought this too far now.  They cannot run. Their only option is to fight or face the Council’s judgment.”  Dammit, he was right, and I knew it.  They won’t stop, but I didn’t know how to harness enough magic to keep fighting them now.  I pushed too much magic into the blasts I used on Simone.  Passing out was not my favorite activity, especially in the middle of chaos.
I turned to Grey and Anita and asked, “The girl?”  “She’ll live.  She needs medical attention and a blood transfusion,” Grey answered.  “Has 911 been called?” I asked. Grey’s lip quirked up crookedly. “Yes, I overheard the conversation moments ago. She will be perfectly fine.  She won’t even end up like Anita.”   “Not that there is anything wrong with that,” Anita snapped at Grey.  “Of, course,” he winked.  I rolled my eyes.  Those two, I swear. 
I leaned over the girl, and tore a piece off her costume.  I pressed it against her neck to stop the bleeding.  I didn’t ask her how she was doing, or what her name was, because I was afraid the effort would make her bleed more.  Anita leaned in closer, and Grey grabbed her arms and held firm.  “Watch yourself,” he cautioned her.  I propped her up against the house and told her I was going to get her help.  I cast a protection spell on her, to keep her safe until an ambulance arrived.
 “Come on, I have to see how many people Finn and Dean managed to catch up to. I only hope there is anyway this disaster can be contained.”  I had a sick feeling in my stomach that nothing was going to be the same after this. 
 It seemed the world was spiraling into chaos.  Anita was entranced by the exchange student’s blood. People were trampling each other in order to escape the house.  Eighteenth Street was filled with people running, but in no particular direction.  The world around me had descended into chaos, and even with all of my power, I couldn’t stop it.
I teleported myself to where I could sense Finn and Dean.  Grey and Anita ran around the building at the speed only a vampire could reach.  Dean and Finn were standing near four other people from the party, three guys and a girl.  Others were hiding behind cars, banging on doors, or just wandering aimlessly.
I can’t read minds, but it wasn’t necessary, it was clear they had seen too much at the party. I reached out and touched the girl on the shoulder. Touching her allowed me to glimpse what she saw in the backyard before I went out there.  My mind whirled back in time.  
She went out to grab a cigarette.  One of the guys, the tall one, had encouraged her too drink too many beers, and she stumbled out the back door.  She ran into the exchange student, who helped her up when she tripped.  “Thank you,” she said.  Suddenly she saw a streak of movement, and the nice blonde started to gurgle blood.  A menacing, vampire, held the other girl in his iron grasp, and continued to bite the girl.  She screamed, and all hell broke loose.
I let her go.  I knew what happened after that, I was there.  The problem was that she knew what happened before.  A couple blocks away the sounds of police sirens were approaching.  I felt certain that being questioned by the police would not make the Council pleased with me.  If I had any chance to limit this disaster my name could not be mentioned as a witness in a police report or worse, a newspaper.  We needed to leave, quickly.  I hate to influence humans’ free will with magic.  It seems like cheating somehow, but this time I didn’t see an alternative. 
I lifted my wand. The clear quartz on the end began to glow green with my will and desire.  My eyes blazed with the same color.  “Oublièr tout. Rien passé ce soir.”  I told her to forget everything from tonight, nothing happened. 
They blinked several times, and then looked past us, as if we weren’t there. I was sure the spell worked, but we didn’t stick around to be completely certain.  The sirens were getting closer.  
Grey nodded his head for us to follow him.  “We need to get back to the campus and get someone’s car.” I started to interrupt, but Grey shook his head no. “I know you were about to suggest teleporting everyone, but Chloë you are exhausted.  Anita, Dean and I are really fast.  We can run back to the campus. Teleport yourself and Finn, and wait for us by Dean’s truck.”  
I nodded, because he was right, I was wiped out.  “Take care of her Finn.  Don’t let her use anymore magic after teleporting you.  Anymore than that and I think it will be lights out for her,” Grey said.  
“Don’t worry.  I’ll always take care of Chloë,” Finn promised.  Maybe it was my exhaustion, but a defeated look flashed across Grey’s face.  “I know. Believe me, I do know that,” Grey responded resigned.
Chapter Thirty-Three
	
Everyone walked around Grey’s living room in stunned silence.  It took several minutes to grasp the gravity of the events that had transpired.  Thank God it was Halloween.  That was the only way our fellow “human” classmates wouldn’t understand what had happened. Still, even if only a few caught on, we were in grave danger.  Simone and Alexander had outed the supernatural community tonight, and everyone would suffer for it.
Anita was the first to react rationally.  She commandeered Grey’s computer and began to search for any news about the attack.  “The local news is reporting that a CWU exchange student is being transferred to Yakima for medical attention after being attacked at an off-campus party. It says the police are still searching for the assailant and will comment further when new information becomes available.”  
She continued searching the school web-site and checked her campus e-mail.  “Well here is some good news, classes are cancelled tomorrow. The school says that ‘Due to recent incidences on-campus, and tonight’s attack, classes will be cancelled to ensure the safety of the student body.  More information will be provided as it becomes available’.”  
“Why is that good news?” I asked confused. She looked at me like I was hit with a stupid stick.  “Duh, no class.”  Right, Anita really wasn’t a star student.  I should have known she would have felt that was good news.
I let out a strong breath that I didn’t realize I had been holding.  The stress was taking its toll on everyone.  We were all in the same place, and yet each of us in was in our own little world.  I looked around and watched my friends react to this latest disaster. 
Dean wanted so badly to have a foot in both the human and supernatural worlds, but realized tonight how difficult that would be.  Anita witnessed how vicious vampires could be, and was now even more terrified of what she could become.  Grey was tormented by the guilt of having created Alexander. Finn still didn’t know how to harness his powers reliably, and felt useless when people were scared.  I was full of power, but unable to use it without completely exposing all of us.  What a mess.
The air began to swell with magic.  My skin tingled as the charge raced up my arm.  My hair blew gently behind me.  The others gathered behind me preparing to face the oncoming threat.  The charge on my skin was so familiar, almost as familiar as my own.  “Aw hell,” I snarled, “The Council is coming.” 
The air thickened, jewel colored mists appeared, and coalesced into three of the head Council members. The Council delegation was made up of two witches and a wizard.  My mother Marguerite, Astrid (a Danish witch nearly as old as my mother), and Octavian (the oldest wizard alive) stood before us.
“Chloë, we have to stop meeting like this,” my mother admonished.  I bowed to recognize three of the most powerful members of our world, and tried not to show that my stomach was tied up in knots.  “I believe you all know why we have come,” Octavian said with a thick Latin accented English.  
We all nodded yes, with the exception of Grey who stood stone still.  “We are not here to punish you,” Astrid said placing a hand on Octavian’s shoulder, as if to rein him in.   “Nevertheless, the Central Coven still needs to fix this disaster. Immediately,” Octavian said in a severe tone.  
I had heard of, or met, most of the world’s covens, but I had never heard of the Central Coven before.  I wonder if the Council was acting as a separate coven now.  Odd, since historically they had all been representatives of the world’s strongest covens.  There are seven representatives, two from Asia, and the remaining five from the five other populated continents.  While, I was pondering, and frankly unable to speak in front of my mother, Dean stepped up.  “Who is the Central Coven?”
Octavian laughed once snidely as if the idea that we did not know who the Central Coven was, was in itself ridiculous.  Or was it something else?  “The five of you are the Central Coven,” my mother answered, almost sounding bored. 
 “Some in the Council find a coven of different races of supernaturals distasteful.  Ordinarily, a coven is comprised of only witches, vampires, elves, or shifters, not one of each.  However, the five of you have a bond, and that is magically binding in a coven.  Has no one explained this to you?” Astrid asked, with compassion.  
One glance at Octavian, and I could tell whom among the Council found our “coven” distasteful.  Meanwhile Grey was looking more and more like a statue the longer this conversation continued, interesting.  
“Let me see if I understand what you are saying. Since we came to school here, separated from our own kind, we gravitated to each other.  And now that we have become friends, we are magically bound to each other in a coven. Is that what you’re saying?” Finn asked.  
“Exactly. You are very insightful for someone who only recently learned about all of this.  You aren’t born into your coven, but you don’t get to choose it either.  It chooses you.  Our lives are governed by magic.  It is our only universal religion.  Many of us are Christians, Muslims, Jews, or one of the dozens of other religions.  Even so, we all recognize the thread of magic that controls our lives, and shapes our destinies,” Astrid explained.
Destiny.  It seemed like I was always running from mine, and here it is in front of me again.  Now my friends and I shared a destiny.  How much of my life is in my control?  Grey said that he might be part of my destiny right now, is this what he meant?  I stole a look at him.  His brooding gaze told me to wait until later for explanations.
“Now a word of caution.  Learn to work together.  It may be difficult to learn to harness your powers as a group since you are all different, but it is essential that you do.  It is time that you stop reacting to this necromancer’s attacks and attack her. Get it done.  There is no room for weakness in war.  We cannot risk exposure,” Marguerite explained firmly.
“Why are we the ones handling this and not the Council,” Anita demanded.  God bless her gumption.  Marguerite nodded, “Most of the members of the Watchers have disappeared.  Simone escaped the Council’s prison with help.  Somehow she learned that our most unique and promising young are attending Central Washington University.  What does that tell you?” Marguerite responded.  “They have someone on the inside,” Anita responded in disgust.  “That or they have someone close to someone.  It could be a best friend, family member, who knows.  It could be anyone,” Marguerite sighed. 
“Now, you see the five of you are our only option.  You are the only coven that can be trusted. Chloë, one of the aware informed me about your dream.  It was sent to guide you to the solution.  Stop delaying. I have your father’s address in this envelope.  I understand that you have contacted your Uncle George.  I believe he told you your father lives near Tieton.  You will find the exact address inside. I’ll help if I can.”   
The swirling haze of magic swelled at their feet, and they faded into the mist.  In their absence the extra tension slowly fizzled out of the room. “Is she talking about that weird dream you had the other night?” Anita asked.  I started pacing. “Chloë, did you hear me?” she demanded.
I did, but my brain was busy processing what my mother said. I still hadn’t figured out the dream.  How would visiting my father teach me to fight Simone?  Was that even what my dream was telling me to do?  
“Chloë, we have to deal with this,” Finn said standing right next to me.  “He’s right.  It’s 1 A.M. right now.  We have enough time to get to Tieton.  I’m sure he’ll understand the interruption, under the circumstances,” Grey said.  I shrugged. “Alright, let’s go.  I’ll tell you about the dream on the way. Maybe one of you can make some sense out of it.” 
Chapter Thirty-Four

Grey’s old farmhouse had a modern three-car garage built next to it.  I suppose any man, living or undead, accumulates tools, cars, and all of the other modern trappings. Even Grey, who seemed to modernize to the smallest degree necessary possessed a garage any modern man would salivate over.  
Inside the brightly lit, meticulously organized space Grey opened a large fireproof safe. Stacked inside were guns, jewels, gold coins, and lots of cash.  “After the Great Depression, I learned to always have hard currency at home. I have never regained full confidence in the banking system,” Grey said over his shoulder.  He removed a small pile of cash and placed it in a black leather bag.  
A normal person would wonder, “What does he need gold coins and jewels for?”  No, not me.  I was thinking, “Hmm, I wonder what he needs a gun for?”  I mean he is a vampire, if something gets past him, is a gun really going to help?  Thankfully, he didn’t bring it, so I didn’t have to ask that stupid question.  There are some things I really don’t want to know the answers to.  
That meant my only question left was, “Which car were we going to take?” Dean’s giant truck would definitely get us noticed, probably no on that one.  Not my Z, because it only seats two comfortably.  Anita is car-less, and Finn’s car was nearly as flashy as mine.  Grey had two cars here in his garage, a sexy, black classic muscle car (I’m so not a car expert), and a mom car hiding behind it.
I had a sick feeling we weren’t taking the sexy car. Hey, just because I can’t tell one kind from another doesn’t mean I don’t know the difference between hot cars and mom cars. I hate riding in mom cars.  
Dean and Anita left shortly after our surprise meeting with the Council representatives. They planned to sneak into the dorm, grab some clothes, and race back.  Grey was heading perilously close to the boring car, when Dean and Anita reappeared.
“We’re taking a station wagon?” Anita asked with a disgusted look on her face.  I couldn’t help smiling at her.  Sometimes it’s like we’re twins. “It can fit all of us comfortably, as well as all of our things.  Plus it will not stand out like Dean’s brand new, forty thousand dollar truck would,” Grey lectured.  “A Volvo wagon is going to blend in?” Anita asked in disbelief.  “A 1984, dark blue, Volvo wagon will.  These are fairly common,” Grey answered, patting the roof of the car.
Dean tossed the bags he and Anita brought back from campus in the cargo space of the wagon.  Grey threw in his own bag, a box of food, and concealed the bag of money.  I raised my eyebrow at him.  “What?” he asked.  “I was trying to ignore the guns, ‘cause I really can’t figure out what a vampire would need them for.  And, yeah, I’m really, really tired, but I can’t figure out why you have a supply of non-perishable food on hand.”  
Grey chuckled.  “Your mind is a weird and wonderful place.  I have guns, food, money, and other items because I have a few Council responsibilities that have me working with non-vampires. For example, I just joined a really bizarre coven with members of every supernatural race.”  I slapped him on the shoulder. “Alright smart ass.” 
  “All right chica, let’s hear that dream again, then get our asses on the road,” Anita demanded.  I nodded in agreement.  I took a deep breath and entered a trance-like state. As I spoke, my words painted the scene in hazy see-through figures.  Hopefully, they would notice anything I might have missed.
Chapter Thirty-Five

Thanks to Grey’s lead foot we made it to my father’s cabin in Tieton around 2:00 A.M.  It was hidden between rolling hills, and cast in the silvery glow of moonlight. Its glow illuminated the sparse vegetation and small clusters of pine trees.  Tieton wasn’t a lush green paradise like Western Washington, but the desert of Central Washington possessed a tranquil haunting beauty all of its own.  During the day in spring and summer, the burning orange light of the sun, purple wild flowers, and chocolate columns of basalt colored the contours of the hills. In winter, however, the predominate color here was a soft brown.
Grey pulled into the gravel drive next to a rusty 1970’s Chevy pick-up next to us.  Should we knock?  There weren’t any lights on.  How exactly does one casually drop in on a father she rarely sees, at 2:00 A.M nonetheless?  Oh, not to mention bringing an ancient vampire boyfriend along.  
I got out of the car still gathering courage to knock, when my father walked out from behind the log cabin.  I wasn’t expecting that.  “Hello father,” I greeted formally.  “Chloë,” my father said with a nod.  “Your bird told me you would be coming.  She also gave me a look at a dream you had.  I’m surprised you haven’t been here sooner,” Eli Soaring Eagle scolded.  Well at least I wouldn’t have to re-tell the dream.  “I’m glad I found you awake.  What were you doing up at this time?” I asked. “I was in my sweat lodge, praying for the strength to see you through this trial.”  
Grey looked around concerned.  “You aren’t my first vampire guest. I have accommodations for you,” Eli Soaring Eagle assured.  “Thank you,” Grey answered with relief.  “As for the rest of you… This is only a two-bedroom cabin.  The girls can have the spare room, and you two young men will have to make do with the pullout couch.  I hope that will do. But, I suppose we should get to work immediately.  That necromancer has a vampire working with her, yes?”
I nodded.  “Okay, then.  That means that she will want to attack at night.  You need to be ready for them.  We have strengths they do not have, but we have weaknesses too.  I’m sure your mother told you that this coven needs to come together,” he said, with a stern expression. I nodded again.  “Did she tell you how to do that?”  This time I shook my head no.  Why couldn’t I speak?  This was my father.  Yet with him, as with my mother, I always found myself speechless.
Eli’s face softened, and he patted my arm. “Don’t be afraid of me Chloë.  I’m here to help you.  The first thing you all must understand is that to stand strong as a group, you must first stand strong as individuals.  A couple of you are very strong and secure in who you are already.  
Grey, you have been a vampire, for centuries.  You know your abilities, and how to use them to their fullest extent.  And, you have taught Anita very well.  Yet, I sense, she is still missing something.  Am I right?”  Grey and I looked at each other.  How could he sense that?  Did he know that Anita was half-witch?
“Relax daughter.  I’m not a mind reader.  I do, however, see magic. Instead of the red aura of a vampire, or pink I imagine a half-vampire/half-human would have, Anita is sort of greenish brown. That tells me she is something different.  She will be stronger if she knows, don’t you think?”
“If I know what?” Anita asked confused.  I looked questioningly at Grey, and he bowed his head slightly in agreement.  “A while back, Grey learned who your father is, and why he left your family.  We were waiting until this crisis was over to tell you all about it,” I admitted.  
“Why would my dead-beat father have anything to do with beating Simone?” Anita asked, pissed off.  “Have you ever wondered why you are the only half-vampire you have ever heard of?” Grey interrupted.  “Well yeah, naturally.  But, I figured, Why me, questions were common after you get attacked and your life is changed forever,” she snapped insolently.
“Be serious Anita.  It does not take days to turn someone into a vampire, a few hours at most, but never days.  And, at the end of the process, the person is always completely a vampire.  Never half.  So why you?” Grey taunted.  “Okay, I’ll bite, why me?” she asked.  
“Simple, you were only half-human to begin with.  Your father, Carlos Sanchez, is a wizard, and a very powerful one at that.  He is a member of the Council.  Anita, you are half-witch.  You were already magical.” 
Anita narrowed her eyes.  “But…I can’t do magic.  So wait, you’re saying I’m not human at all?” she asked stunned.  I jumped in, before Grey could continue his emotionless explanation.  “No, I mean at least not anymore.  And as far as magic, we’ll have to wait and see when you get used to who you are.  You are only half-witch, but you may have a few tricks up your sleeves.”  Anita looked away quickly. Her eyes were filling with tears.  “So my father didn’t just leave?  There might be an explanation?” Anita asked hopeful.  
“Carlos Sanchez is Anita’s father.  Well, that certainly explains a lot.  Anita I can promise you, there definitely is an explanation.  You will get it. You just need to be patient.  I know your father, Anita, and he loves you dearly.  There is a good reason that he left you,” my father vowed.  Then he looked at me and I saw sadness in his eyes.  I felt his explanation was as much for me as it was for Anita. Maybe it was my own wishful thinking, but perhaps not.
“So, I’m half-vampire, and half-witch,” Anita said contemplatively.  Like my father said, when accepted the truths about ourselves as individuals, our strength as a group grew.  When Anita accepted who she was, she began to glow, not green like me, but bronze as I have always seen her.  
Eli broke the silence. “I have spoken with spirits tonight, and I know what your dream means.  We must prepare the ingredients for a binding spell to banish the necromancer’s powers.  We will need some of her hair, the vampire’s blood, and I already have the soil that we need. Once we do that she will know we are coming for her.  We must be ready.  Chloë, your coven needs to be ready to work as a team.” 
“Everyone keeps saying that, but I’m not sure I really understand.  Not in terms of life and death.  What do we practice?  How do we practice together?  I mean, except for Anita and Grey, we all have completely different abilities,” I spurted.
“True, Chloë, your abilities are different, and it will take more than accepting who and what you are.  However, until each of you does that much we cannot move forward. Grey did this centuries ago. 
Dean’s transformation is physical. He never had reason to question his nature.  Beyond that, Dean you very confident, and you are a team builder. This makes you even stronger, and more important in your role to this coven.” 
Dean smiled his bright, toothpaste commercial smile.  My father was right, he oozed confidence.  Anyone that met him wanted to be near him, just so they could bask in his optimistic glow.  “Thank you sir.  I’ll do my best.  I won’t let you down,” Dean said modestly.  
“I don’t think you could,” Eli said affectionately.  “Your parents are friends of mine.  I’ve heard them brag about you for years.  Now I see they weren’t exaggerating.”
“Is there anyone you don’t know?” I asked petulantly.  During all of these years he and I didn’t have a relationship, was he building friendships with everyone?  “Daughter, when you have been alive as long as I have you meet a lot of people.  Do you really think it was coincidence that you met these four supernatural beings at the same time?  Or can you entertain the idea it was destiny?”
“Destiny…I really do hate that word,” I grumbled.  Grey shook his head and looked at the ground.  Anita giggled at my childish fit.  Dean and Finn rolled their eyes at me.  “I have heard that, but there is no sense fighting it, your destiny will happen anyway.  And, as long as you are spending so much energy fighting what will be, you are not going to reach your full potential.  It’s time to make peace with what is meant to be, Chloë,” Eli lectured.
“Three of you are blocked by your limited knowledge of yourselves.  Anita, Chloë, I’ve already told both of you what you need to work on.  That leaves you, Finn.  Those of us that don’t manifest our abilities physically: witches, wizards, necromancers, and elves, must learn to listen to our emotions in order to manage our powers.  If we deny our emotions, it can block our powers.  Do you understand what I am telling you?”
Finn nodded, solemnly.  He quickly glanced at me, and returned to studying the floor.  Are they…they can’t be…they aren’t talking about me are they?  Then, Grey looked at me with concern.  Finn lifted his gaze from his boots, to say one word, and confirmed my fears, “Chloë.”  “You love her,” my father said with understanding and compassion.  Again, Finn nodded.  This time he looked at me briefly, and the pain that filled his deep blue eyes hurt me to the core.  
I knew in that moment the connection I felt with Finn was built into me.  Inescapable.  Dare I say it?  Destiny.  I love Grey, but I love Finn too.  Life seems to get more complicated the older I get, and it sucks.
We looked at each other.  I couldn’t promise him what he wanted.  Not yet, at least.  It seemed Grey was always holding me close with one arm and pushing me away with the other.  Maybe he has been right all along. Perhaps I am destined to leave him.  
I’ve always felt pulled to Finn.  The only question is, if Grey is right, when will it happen?  Not tonight, and probably not tomorrow.  Hell, I’m only 18. How far in to the future am I expected to plan? I don’t even know what I’m going to be doing after breakfast. I’m a witch not a psychic.  
	 
Chapter Thirty-Six

Before daylight Grey settled into the light tight cellar my father constructed under his cabin.  Bleary-eyed the rest of us fell into our available beds.  Anita and I took the guest room, while Finn and Dean crashed quickly on the furniture in the living room, without pulling out the hide-a-bed.  Eli, however, returned to his sweat lodge, behind the cabin to pray and convene with spirits for help.  
The smell of sage somehow drifted into the interior of the home, and calmed my over-active nerves.  It brought the first sense of peace and protection I felt for weeks.  I rested, feeling as if I were surrounded by generations of ancestors, friends, and loved ones I had never met.
For the second time, I found myself standing in an evergreen forest, barefoot, and exposed to the chill of the November air.  Mickey swooped down and landed on the lowest branch closest to me.  Her shrill screech beckoned a presence I could feel, but could not see.  Suddenly, I felt love, protection, and pride coming from a being that was all around me.  
“Daughter, I am here because your father has asked me to come,” said a musical voice that seemed to emanate from the trees.  I looked everywhere around me.  I had never wanted anything as much as I did to see this being.  She was love, life, and joy combined. 
A light fog rolled across the ground, and began to pull together in front of me.  The intangible haze started to take the shape of an impossibly beautiful woman.  Her skin was the color of the earth, a pale brown, and impossible to establish an ethnicity.  Her hair was as dark as the trunk of a chestnut tree, and her eyes a vivid evergreen.  Her lips berry pink, and her cheeks the color of peaches.  Her dress was a sky blue, darkening to the setting sun down at its hem.
“Who are you?” I asked.  The question seemed ridiculous after it was spoken.  It was like asking my own reflection to explain itself.  Of course I knew her.  She is the mother, protector, and creator.  The one to whom all is owed, and all returns.  She is not really she, but one manifestation.  “I am Mother Earth, the Creator, God.  I go by many names, and I answer to all. But, it seems you need a mother most, so to you it is this appearance that I am using.  A lot is expected of you to protect what I have created.  Those who love you have asked for my guidance, and I am here to provide it for you.  Know that you are in my favor daughter, and I am going to provide you with the experiences you need to meet this challenge.  Rest now, and do not fret.”
The sun shone down through the thick cover of trees, and Mother Earth dissolved into the sunlight.  A soft carpet of lush green grass sprang up in her absence.  Unable to resist, I lay down on the plush grass, and was lulled into a deep sleep warmed by the unusually balmy winter sunlight.  
We were all awake by the late afternoon. The sky was already beginning to darken as it neared five o’clock.  I dressed in Levis, a navy cable knit sweater, thick socks, and gently worn hiking boots.  I was dressed for warmth, comfort and utility.  I pulled on my blue North Face coat, and headed outside.  
The wind hit me as soon as I opened the door, and I wrapped my arms around my chest.  The sharp chill of the air even smelled cold, and not only because of the lingering scent of smoke, but the tangy smell of cold itself.  
Instinct told me to head for the trees, so I began to walk.  I knew that Mickey was circling somewhere overhead.  Her presence was crowding in on my thoughts, still fairly serene, but every waking moment brought me back to the tension I had lived with previously.  Mickey’s thoughts urged calm and focus, and instructed me to hold on to the feelings of clarity.
Easier said than done with my friends.  I mean, do they realize we are in a fight to preserve the supernatural world as we know it?  If they did, it sure as hell didn’t show.  I picked up my pace trying to go deeper into the woods.  I had to dodge pine needles falling all around me, caused by a high altitude game of chase being played by Dean and Anita.  It would be cute, if we didn’t need to get to work.
I wore my disdain plainly across my face.  “Daughter, is that not a skill that can come in handy fighting the red-headed necromancer?”  My father asked pointing the tops of the violently shaking trees.  “Yes, but…” I began, but was unable to finish. 
 “Have you ever seen a fox after its prey?” Eli asked.  “No, I only know them by their reputation,” I answered confused.  “No matter, any mammalian predator learns to hunt by playing with others.  It is the most effective means of training,” he reflected out loud.
Point made.  Why was I being such a grouch?  Probably, because everyone else was having fun except me?  I took a deep breath, and exhaled.  I willed the tension, stress, and irritation to leave my body.  
I turned my face up to the sky to catch the remaining rays of sunlight, when suddenly a small compact rain cloud unleashed a torrent of water on me.  A rumbling of laughter caught my attention from the tree line.  I failed to see the humor in getting me drenching wet and freezing.  
I scowled at Finn, who continued to laugh at me.  “You did this?” I accused.  “Guilty,” he said with a grin.  “Then can you make it stop?  It’s cold,” I complained with a frigid tone to my voice.  He shrugged, then the rain trickled to a drizzle, stopped, and finally the cloud blew away.  
I grunted, my eyes blazed green, and flames danced all over my entire body.  Steam rose above me as the last of the water evaporated.  I shook out my hair, and the flames died out.  “Chill Chlo.  Look, I’m getting in touch with my powers,” Finn pointed out.  He was happy, having fun. They were all having fun, except me.  Well not anymore.  If this was how we were going to train, bring it on.  
I felt a smirk pulling at the corner of my mouth.  He was going to have to face a witch, well necromancer, so maybe he should practice.  “Hey Finn, wanna see how in touch you are?” I taunted.  “What do you have in mind?” he asked nervously.
I giggled quietly, then I wiggled my fingers and displayed the green sparks that danced at the ends of my fingers.  If he wanted to play, well…  “Finn,” I called out.  He laughed again, and suddenly I was surrounded by flowers, odd for winter.  
It seemed so serene and peaceful. I almost missed the vines snaking out of the earth attempting to trap me in place.  I levitated out of their reach and shot a smug grin toward Finn.  “Come and get me,” he taunted.  
Hmmm.  I can’t fly.  I don’t have Anita’s super speed.  And it appears that if I return to the ground I will be ensnared in those damn vines.  Damn, I am slow today. Because, I nearly forgot, I can teleport. 
I disappeared in a swirl of glittering green mist, and reappeared in a branch above Finn.  I took a step off the branch and levitated toward the ground.  Finn’s eyes glowed with a bright blue intensity.  When I was almost near enough to touch him, he reached upward and the ground opened and swallowed him whole.  
I touched down.  I had never seen anything like it before.  I opened my senses, and I could feel the hum of magic all around me.  The pulse grew stronger toward the meadow, and I raced toward it.  Even a necromancer would be able to sense a magical presence.  I can’t get down there, but I could force him to come up.  Crossing my hands in front of my face, I closed my gleaming green eyes, and used my will to pull some of the air out of the cavern.  I was pushing on his ability to remain concealed, and every second I felt his acquiescence nearing.  
He burst out of the ground sending large rocks and small debris flying all around.  I cast a net of green cables of energy all around me, and the rocks that were hurdling toward me popped and disappeared in the live energy that circled me.  I knew I could draw nearly unlimited power and end this little game right now.  I could create a magical trap, or shock the hell out of him.  But, Simone wouldn’t be able to do that. Where would the training value be in that?
She would call forth spirits, and entice vampires to attack.  I heard once that witches could communicate telepathically with each other.  I wonder if Anita was able to do it too.  Only one way to find out.  “Anita,” I called out with my mind.
I heard a gasp in the trees. “Yes, Anita its me.  Listen, you are a witch, so we can talk this way, cool huh?”  “So cool.  Now we can trash talk about that skank Cynthia without her hearing,” Anita silently purred.  “That would be convenient, but right now I have something else in mind.  If I were Simone I would summon spirits, or…” 
“Me!” Anita mentally interrupted. “Exactly, so shall we pretend to be a necromancer and a vampire in thrall?” I silently asked.  “Sounds like fun,” she chirped, if one can do so in a mental voice.  
She leapt out of her perch, high in the nearest evergreen, and landed on top of Finn with a thud.  Anita went for his throat, and Finn held her off with more strength than I realized he had.  Anita is petite, but she has the unnatural strength of the undead.
They rolled around violently with Finn trying to gain the advantage over Anita, and failing.  They crashed into a large pine with a crack.  Finn gingerly touched the tiny fissures in the trunk of the large tree, and they immediately healed.  In response the tree seemed to answer his thoughts, a large root snaked out of the ground and headed for Anita.  
She was focused on maintaining her control over Finn and didn’t see the large root until it wrapped around her torso, trapping her arms to her chest.  Brought to life by Finn’s touch, the tree lifted Anita into the air, and began to squeeze.  
Anita squealed in delight.  “Wonderful!” she sang.  The tree unwound her high in the air.  She spun in the air, and landed gracefully like a ballerina.  	Finn grinned displaying his bright white teeth, his thick hair tossed back during the fray showed the slight point to his ears.  
The satisfied growl of an American mountain lion sounded nearby, and I turned to see Dean lurking in his feline form watching from the trees.  The possible scenarios played in my head.  If Anita were really a hostile vampire, and I was Simone, Dean could use his physical strength against her while Finn manipulated the elements against me.  It could work.  Finally, we were coming together.
The ground seemed to catch on fire as the sun finally dipped beneath the foothills.  I’ve learned a lot about vampires in the last few weeks.  For example, it is true that vampires cannot come out into the daylight, but not because they will catch on fire like most popular literature contends.  It does cause a severe sunburn.  However, the reason they avoid the sun is it causes weakness and illness similar to porphyria.  A small exposure can leave them vulnerable for days vomiting blood.  
This is usually not fatal, but if they are attacked before they can recuperate they will not be able to defend themselves.  The sun also triggers an unbearable fatigue many of them find painful to ignore.
Grey had grown beyond the pull of the fatigue, and could stay awake longer and rise earlier than younger vampires, but even his age and strength could not protect him from the damaging rays of the sun.  Could the same be true for Alexander?  He is not as old as Grey, since Grey made him, but he isn’t young either.  
I don’t know how I can use that information, but I will drag Alexander out into the light if I have to.  One way or another this would end soon.
Chapter Thirty-Seven

This close to winter, night came quickly.  The flame orange sky bled into purple and dark blue.  Diamond bright stars began to twinkle their ancient light at the edge of the dying day.  
I stood transfixed watching the end of one distinct part of my day turn into another.  Every day, since Grey and I became a couple, I wait for the moment he emerges for the night.  We can share our secrets with each other. I can be myself, but only in the dark.  That is the trade I make to have a real connection.
I took a deep breath and exhaled fogging up the night sky.  May emotions were swirling around in my chest, melancholy, anger, and irritation. I’m definitely taking up yoga when this is over. I kept replaying Grey’s words in my head, “We are just a different kind of meant-to-be. When you live forever, as we do, you have several destinies to live out.  Maybe you are so sure of us because we are meant to be right now.” When am I supposed to know when right now is over?  How much is it going to hurt when it is?  And how stupid am I that this is what I am worried about?
I tried to laugh at myself, but it came out shaky and bordering on tears.  My eyes welled up for an instant, and I forced the moisture back to where it came from.  A slight disturbance in the air near me alerted me to the very fast arrival of another supernatural being. 
Just then all of my tension and worries melted away.  I became one of those girls I hate, and I didn’t care.  I love him, and when he is near, I feel…normal.  I don’t like it, but I’m not going to waste more time dissecting it either.  At least not until the sun comes up.
My hair whooshed around me, picked up by a sudden breeze, and I felt a slight pressure and chill on my shoulder.  I turned my head to see Grey’s hand resting on my shoulder.  In my distraction I hadn’t realized he was standing next to me.  He stood smirking at me with amusement. He was obviously pleased he could still sneak up on me.  “I hope you can catch Simone off-guard like you can with me,” I teased.  
He scowled, “Mmm, but she isn’t as much fun.  When I catch you I get to kiss you.  When I catch her… well, I do hate hurting girls. I would rather you catch her.  Therefore, I am going after Alexander.”  I nodded in agreement, “You do that.  Stake him good for me will you?”  Grey closed his eyes solemnly, “Yes.  I think I owe him that, and more.”
“Grey, I know you made Alexander, but what caused this hatred between you two?” I asked tentatively.  “Chloë, sometimes the past is best left behind us,” Grey answered cryptically.  “Don’t you think I might need this information?” I persisted.  Grey bent down and kissed me on top of my head, “Chloë, darling, I would tell you if I thought not telling you would put you in danger.”
“That is exactly what will happen if you don’t tell her the truth now,” the wise timber of my father’s voice announced from behind us.  “What do you know?” Grey asked.  My stomach began to do somersaults, as I was starting to feel I probably didn’t want to know about his past.  
“I can feel the unrest of the dead being pulled from their slumber.  Even those that have moved on to the afterlife are being ripped from their rewarded serenity.   Ghosts have been torn from the fabric of the past, and all of them are connected to you.  If you don’t confront your past voluntarily and now, you will have to do it unwillingly when it is most inconvenient.  And since you brought it up, it can put Chloë at risk.” My father lectured.
Grey looked past us both seeing a past he preferred never to remember.  His eyes glassed over, and his sharp features took on a sharper harder edge.  He nodded once, almost imperceptibly.  “I…I’ll give you a minute, come find me when you are ready,” I stuttered and turned to walk away.  His arm shot out in a blur, and grabbed my wrist.  “I need to tell you right now, or I never will,” Grey said, his voice toneless.  
“I have tried very hard, to atone for centuries of the most deplorable behavior imaginable.  Vampires joined the Council in the early 19th century, but before that we were ungoverned and out of control.  I was not an exception to this.  I’m not making excuses for myself, just letting you know the context of the time period when I became a vampire.”  Grey smiled sadly.  I squeezed his hand to reassure him.  He nodded, and continued his tale.
“I was born when Great Britain was still divided into different fiefdoms.  My father was a major lord loyal to the king.  I did not actually acquire the name Grey, until the late Middle Ages, when I regained my father’s title.  
I wish I had a gloriously dramatic tale about my transformation into what I am.  Many vampires from that period tell great stories about their makers stealing them from the moment of death on the battlefield.  That’s not how it was for me.  It could have been I suppose. I was a knight in my father’s fief, and I fought along side my father’s vassals.  However, in order to have been saved from battle I would have had to lose, and I never came close to losing.  
The last night of my life my father held a banquet in honor of the king. Several of the king’s other vassals were present, along with their knights, to pay homage.  As my father’s eldest son, and heir, I was present for all of the festivities. 
In those days we looked for any reason to celebrate, and at the end of a long series of battles against an attempted usurper we found many reasons: peace, victory, the favor of the king.  I allowed myself to imbibe to excess, until, I was quite inebriated, and unaware of my surroundings. On any other night the worst my actions might have led to could have resulted in a duel over an insult, or stumbling into the room of a maiden and being forced into a hasty marriage.” 
Grey paused staring off into space seeing something or someone from the past.  His features softened from a scowl to a sad grin.  I felt my heart break for the loss expressed there.  I was quite certain there was a maiden he very much wanted to marry.  
Grey blinked several times, and I watched his face as the images disappeared from his mind. He looked into my eyes, and I knew he was getting to the hard part.  The part where his shame and self-torment began. I rubbed my thumb across the top of his hand, and nodded for him to continue. “I’ll never know what might have been.  You see, one of the knights in attendance that evening was a vampire, and he turned me that night.  He told us his Lord had sent him to negotiate the peace treaty.  No one suspected what he was.  That was unusual, because people thought they saw magic and monsters everywhere then.  
He used the festivities to slip into our keep. This was important, because we formally invited strangers into our home during the celebration.  His desire was to become a lord, with his own keep, vassals, and subjects. The first step in his plan was to turn me. I was wealthy, strong, and the heir. I was also a celebrated fighter. He believed I could train the army of vampires he planned to make. 
  He got what he wanted, at least initially, because once I was changed, I brought some of my human traits with me.  Primarily, I brought the ruthlessness of a feudal knight. Unfortunately, I lost my chivalry for centuries, not that chivalry was important to him.
I stayed long enough to allow my family to realize I was dead, and then I disappeared from my family mausoleum.  The lord that my sire claimed to serve was in reality a puppet for his estate.  We returned there, but not unnoticed.  My father declared war against the puppet lord, and burned the keep to the ground.  In the end my father ended up with more territory, and the fake lord was destroyed because of the monster he was harboring.  I escaped the fire, but my sire perished there.”
Grey smiled fiercely, and I could see that his sire had help dying in that fire.  I shuddered.  He gently squeezed my hand and pulled me into his arms.  He put his lips to my hair, and lightly rubbed my arms.  I knew by the way he held me he needed comfort from me, the strength to relive his past.  I tried to turn in his steely grasp, to face him, but he held tight, and I knew he had to finish his story.  He wanted me to know him completely. 
“I traveled a lot.  All over Europe, Asia, and Africa.  I went anywhere I could travel by ship.  I killed my way through every continent known at the time.  I was born Geoffrey Grey, heir to the Duke of Suffolk, eventually I was known only by my family name, Grey.  
By the late 18th Century the world was changing.  Great Britain had lost its colonies, and the United States was formed.  Rumors of revolution in France were swirling around.  I was intoxicated by the philosophy, the creativity and productivity of this period of history.  The Renaissance was fascinating, but as the child of a ruler, this global political change intrigued me.
I re-entered English society as a long lost nephew to my aging uncle.  All true of course, except he was actually a nephew of sorts descended from my younger brother.  I dutifully attended my aging and ailing “uncle”, and with no children of his own, he named me to be his sole heir.  He was the Duke of Suffolk, and I regained my title.
I laid low for a while.  With a house full of servants I was able to develop a reputation of being sort of a rake.  Visiting clubs and going to balls until all hours of the night.  I only fed on prostitutes and others hanging on the lower rims of society.  By this time I had learned how not to kill.  My desire for carnage and revenge against what I had become was waning, and I was growing complacent.
It was around this time that I took it upon myself to investigate the state of some of my family’s investments in France. My family held power during the feudal period.  They continued to hold power after the Normans invaded Great Britain in 1010, and my family became deeply connected to the French aristocracy.
We sought alliances with members of the French royal family, and became connected closely to the semi-autonomous region of Navarre.  The royal family, of Navarre was closely related to the ruling family of France. After the last Valois king was assassinated, Henri Bourbon (King of Navarre) became Henri IV of France.  He was also one of my brother’s descendents.
Not only did I hold land in Great Britain, but I had some minor property and marriage prospects in France.  My title precluded my ability to hold a title in France, and a good thing too considering what they where about to do to their ruling class.
Soon after arriving in France I received an invitation to a ball being held at Versailles in honor of her majesty the Queen Marie Antoinette.  The invitation was for a star gazing ball.  It had become a popular past time among the favorite courtiers of the queen.  I immediately accepted the invitation, and I sent a footman over with my response.
I had been to France hundreds of times.  I always reveled in the decadence and utter hedonism of the French court, but this time the mood was somber.  All of the courtiers discussed the impending revolution.  It was a sort of last hoorah.  No one knew that within days the royal family would be arrested, and the monarchy would be overthrown.
That night I was introduced to a young nobleman named Alexandre de Valmont.  He was an heir to some minor title. I forget which one now.  He was young, vibrant, full of promise, and innocent.  So undeserving of the fate that awaited him as a member of the aristocracy.  I argued to myself that I was saving him by turning him into a vampire.  I realize now that I could have, should have, taken him out of France instead.  
I could have returned to England and requested assistance from any of my fellow peers, however, I am a vampire, and I reacted as a vampire.  I decided that I alone had the power to help him.  I alone had the power to save him.  I determined the best and only way to do that was to turn him into a vampire.  The fact that I found his company entertaining, and I was in desperate need of a real friend after several hundred years of isolation, I’m sure played a large part in my decision.
When King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette, and their children were arrested, I knew it was only a matter of time before the other nobles were rounded up as well.  I went into the Isle de la Cité, where M. de Valmont owned a fashionable residence.  
Just after sundown I rang the bell and was invited in.  M. de Valmont received me in his parlor, where I approached him with my outrageous offer.  I played on his fear of the guillotine.  I offered revenge against those who persecuted his friends and family.  
I did not tell him about the pain he would feel while he died and transitioned.  I did not tell him he would be abandoning the daylight forever.  I didn’t want to give him too many reasons to refuse. Instead I told him to put his affairs in order, because we would need to leave France for a short period of time. Eager to leave the impending revolution, Alexandre did exactly as I directed.
The next evening I returned, and let myself in.  He walked into his office, and found me sitting in a chair in the corner.  ‘Have you decided?’ I asked, giving him his last chance to change his mind.  ‘Oui, I am sure,’ he answered.  
I flashed out of my chair and grabbed hold of him.  I arched his head back.  Before he could gasp I sank my fangs into his neck.  He began to struggle against me, but I held him tighter, not allowing him to change his mind.  He moaned in agony, but I clasped my hand on his mouth to silence him.  
When he was almost completely drained.  I slashed my own wrist and forced it to his mouth.  He tried to refuse, terror stricken by his ordeal, he forgot I was offering him life.  Or maybe he realized that I was just as much a monster as the revolutionaries.
I told him he would not get another chance to change his mind, and I wasn’t about to relent.  He tried to turn his face away from me, but I clasped one hand over his nose to prevent him from breathing.  Still he stubbornly persisted in resisting me, until his involuntary need to breathe took over.  He opened his mouth to draw in a breath and I forced my wrist into his mouth.
I am not proud of myself, now.  Then, however, I was very pleased I would share my secrets and existence with another being.  I placed him in a coffin I had prepared, and laid him to rest until he rose to his new life the next evening.
The revolutionaries stepped up the Terreur, and they had stopped by Alexandre’s apartment to arrest him the night I turned him.  They came in and saw Alexander resting in his coffin.  I pretended to be a prominent member of the bourgeoisie paying my respects to him.  When he rose the following evening I had us prepared to flee to England.  The growing frenzy was so for only focused on the French aristocracy, but the growing mob wanted blood, and any nobleman would suffice.  Initially, Alexandre was confused and angry about what I had turned him into.  Once he learned about the increased violence, and that his name had been added to the list of those to be arrested, he realized I had saved him.
I had already sent all of our valuable possessions back to London with my house staff the evening before.  Only my footman remained to help provide us safe passage across the English Channel.  
My footman set out to obtain a modest carriage; one commonly used by members of the bourgeoisie not the nobility.  In his absence a few revolutionaries arrived at my front entrance.  It seemed like the perfect time to allow Alexandre to exact some revenge.  I opened the door, and we passed along the same horror to them they had been handing out around Paris.
The well-mannered gentleman from one day before was gone, replaced by a bloodthirsty creature intent on revenge.  He leapt on them with his unnaturally lightning fast speed.  He viciously ripped open the throats of the first two, barely savoring any blood.  I lounged casually against the wall, watching the spectacle.  One of the members of the mob began to flee while Alexandre was finally indulging his thirst on the only other surviving member. I bounded out the door and caught the man unaware.  I drained him and tossed his body out into the street.  A dead body found in the streets of Paris, was an all too common occurrence in those days.  In any case, I was not concerned about concealing it.”



Chapter Thirty-Eight

How could someone change so much over a lifetime?  Is this what forever could do to me?  My forehead drew into tight wrinkles. I thought about all of the possibilities of my future, and the past Grey unveiled.  
Grey smoothed the creased skin with the cool tip of his thumb.  “Where has your mind traveled now?”  “You implied that Alexander deserves to be staked, but so far it sounds like he was an innocent victim.  I’m confused, because I really hate him. I don’t want to feel sorry for him.” 
“Yes, I suppose that is confusing.  But, that is probably because you don’t have the entire story.”  I tilted my head to the side thinking, and then nodded.  “Let’s hear it then.”  Grey gently kissed the side of my neck, and continued.
“Once we arrived in London, Alexander (as he now preferred to be called), was obsessed with the French Revolution.  He sought out every piece of news he could find.  At first I thought that it was just a natural attachment to his loved ones, but the anger he nurtured was more intense than I realized.
When Louis XVI was sent to the guillotine, the peerage of England knew Marie Antoinette would be next.  Of course we hoped we were wrong.  But, we hoped like a condemned man hopes for a miracle.  In reality we were waiting.  
Alexander, on the other hand, believed her brother the Emperor of Austria, would come to her rescue, but he never did.  When she finally went to the guillotine, Alexander flew into a rage.  He vanished into the city and murdered nearly a dozen bourgeois citizens of London before I was able to catch up and subdue him.  
I forced him to assist me make it look as if a small outbreak of tuberculosis hit London. Afterwards, we left the city for a few years.  I kept any news from him until Robespierre, one of the main leaders of the revolution, was sent to the guillotine. Once Alexander learned of this he settled down for a number of years.
Before too long there were many questions about whom I was related to. Many people wondered why I resembled the portraits of many of my ancestors.  I created elaborate ruses for over a hundred years, and continued to be my own heir. However, as a member of the aristocracy, it is very difficult to conceal not aging. I decided it was time to move to America.  Alexander and I sold all of our belongings, property, and booked passage to New York.
In life Alexandre was idealistic, compassionate, charismatic, and caring.  In death, Alexander was crass, violent, and callous.  I wanted a completely new start when we moved to America, and I hoped Alexander would re-discover some of his humanity as well.  
I initially sought him out because he represented for me everything I realized my existence was missing.  He was uncorrupted, while I had been polluted by every vile sin I could imagine in several hundred years.   When I met him he seemed like a way to escape a despair I didn’t even realize I felt.  The tragedy, for me, was that my despair only grew.  Once I turned him he became even more tainted than I had ever been.
I began to withdraw from society, and within fifty years of arriving in America I was nearly a hermit.  Alexander and I saw each other every few years or so.  Each instance the time between grew longer and longer.  I tortured myself over the life I had taken from him, and the lives he was taking from countless numbers of innocent humans.  
Gone were my days of rampant hunting of humans for sport.  It had taken nearly eight hundred years, but I was regaining my humanity.  The cost was too high, but I held on to it with every ounce of strength I had.  It was such a fragile thread, and he knew it.  He taunted me and plucked at it relentlessly.  Still, he kept his transgressions small and unnoticed by the human population.
I loved the culture of the United States.  The skepticism and love of knowledge made it so much easier to live here than in Europe. There, people believed in age-old tales of the supernatural.  Of course, the Europeans were right, but I preferred the skepticism.  
About forty years after we arrived, the atmosphere began to sour. Brother turned against brother, North against South, abolitionist against slaveholder, and I forever against Alexander.  He could not resist a bloodbath, and he followed every battle. He decimated the wounded and dying at night, and laid waste to innocent citizens caught in the middle.
War is bad enough.  As the cliché says, ‘War is hell.’  I have seen enough of them to know that is true.  I did my best to stay out of the conflict, because I’m not equipped to join the fight during the day. I have an unfair advantage at night, and it was not my world to alter.  Alexander had no such qualms, only the sinful joy of bringing pain and death.  
I left the eastern United States after that, and I haven’t been back.  I have heard about Alexander appearing in nearly every major disaster in the history of the U.S. since the Civil War.  He was in San Francisco soon after the great earthquake in 1906, the Midwest after the flooding in 1992, and he went to New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.  
I lose track of him for long periods of time, but when something horrible happens I always find him nearby.  He doesn’t cause the disaster, but he loves to feed off the pain.  It has only been the last couple of years that he has started to taunt me directly.  How you and Anita play into this, I’m not sure.  
I know you hate hearing about your destiny, but this is a part of it.  This is a part of mine, and Anita’s.  You think you hate destiny, imagine what Anita must think about it.  When I found her, he had tortured her for three days.  He drained her blood from her body completely, over and over again.  Each time he forced her to drink from him.  
He could not figure out why she was not converting into a vampire.  Something I have learned he has done several dozen times.  Sunlight was initially very painful to her, but he would ‘check’ to see if she had finally changed by exposing her to it to see if she would burn.  
Her father told me that she went missing.  It took me the entire three nights to learn who took her and where.  I got her back as soon as the sun went down on the fourth night.  She was so weak.  I gave her some of my blood, and I had to do it over and over for several nights.  I was afraid she would change, but I was more afraid she would die.  I have known her father for a very long time, and I consider him a friend.  I could not fail to save his only child.
No one had ever heard of a half-witch/half-vampire before.  We weren’t even sure it was possible.  Once we realized what she was the Council ordered I keep her with me until she knew what she was, and I taught how to control her abilities.  
Simone cannot control me because I have rediscovered my humanity.  Amulets work for the most part, but they aren’t a hundred percent effective.  I discovered a long time ago how the magic of Necromancers work.  They pull on the human part that has fled to another realm.  When a vampire manages to reclaim the part of them that is human they have less of their soul split and kept in purgatory.  
These ghosts that are being pulled from the fabric of my past, they are the shell of my guilt I carry around every day.  She can throw that back at me if she chooses, but it will do her no good.  Now that you know what kind of monster I was, she may do her worst.  I already know you are meant to leave me, if this is the cause of it, so be it.  I know who is to take my place, and I know when the time comes he will keep you safe.”
I hit him on the arm.  “Stop doing that!” “What?” he feigned confusion.  “You know damn well what.  Stop acting like we are going to break up over every little thing, or I’ll dump your ass for being annoying,” I snapped. 
“Darling, I do not think murdering a large portion of Europe is a little thing,” he teased.  “Well, not when you put it that way, but everyone has their faults.  Anita snores.”  He laughed for the first time since he awoke for the night.  “I haven’t scared you away?” he asked, displaying uncharacteristic vulnerability.  I shook my head.  “Well you are either more stubborn than I thought, or I am luckier than I dared imagine,” he said and drew me close again.  
“It isn’t that I want us to end, but we each have a destiny that is pulling us apart.  I want to fight it, but it seems hopeless.”  “Only if you let it be,” I argued.  “Chloë, I am a Watcher.  It is my duty to contain this exposure, no matter how long it takes.  I am bound by that duty to find the other members of the Watchers, and to carry out my part in our sacred responsibility.  You can see how this will tear us apart eventually.” 
“You have no faith in me to wait for you, do you?” I accused.  “Darling, I know how conflicted your feelings have been in the past.  I can’t imagine that if I weren’t here, those feelings would not arise again.  I am only telling you I wouldn’t blame you if you chose to explore them.  I love you enough that I want you to be happy.” 
 “What about your happiness?” He placed his hand against my face, “Please, don’t worry about me.  I have had centuries to consider what makes me happy. You are only now figuring it out.  If fate pulls us apart, and we can find our way back together I will believe we are meant to be.”  “How many times do we have to find our way back together for you to trust my feelings for you?” I demanded.  “I know this is hard, but I know I am going to have to leave soon.  How you manage our separation is your choice.  If you choose to wait for me, I will come back to you as soon as I can.”
“I’m glad you told me.  My father was right.  I did need to know, because now I have an idea how dirty Alexander is willing to play.  Also, if Simone and Alexander have been together a long time, which I am starting to think that they have, she will be just as bad.  This is going to be rough.  I’m not sure we are going to get out of this without some damage on our side.”
“Maybe not.”  Grey shrugged.  At that pessimistic answer I dropped my gaze to my boots.  It was bad enough my confidence was faltering, but I needed him to be strong for me.  I was depending on him.  I didn’t know how to kill, and from what I had just learned about him I knew he could handle it.  He could get me through the violence and see me back to myself.  
“Chloë, look at me.  I’m not saying we are going to lose anyone.  We will all be looking out for each other.  Everyone will do their best to protect each other.  But, I can’t promise you none of us will get hurt.  Still, getting hurt is better than dying.  Alexander is going to die, but he is going to put up a hell of a fight before he lets that happen.  This is going to be a dirty business.  We are going to be damaged, Chloë. It might just be mentally from what we will have to do, but none of us will ever be the same after this.”
All I could do was bury my head in his chest.  He was right.  I was fighting destiny with both fists, but I was the one getting pummeled.  I had a job to do, and whether I liked it or not I had to do it.  For now, at least, I chose to battle what I was meant to instead of fighting the wind.  Maybe destiny will let me keep Grey if I cooperated.



Chapter Thirty-Nine

Spirals of smoke snaked high into the winter sky.  Beneath them danced hungry flames consuming large logs of pine and aromatic cedar.  The sap crackled and tiny sparks danced away from the fire.  Dean and Finn were arranging more logs nearby to feed the eager fire while Anita stared transfixed into the colors of orange, red and blue.
Grey and I moved next to her and my father began to chant in a language that had not been spoken in dozens of generations.  “Tonight we prepare to fight that which has no form, but can still do harm.  We fight what we cannot touch, but what can touch us,” Eli Soaring Eagle instructed.
With those words shapes began to appear out of the smoke.  Some took the shape of animals, some ancient Native American warriors, others more pedestrian ghosts.  All of them turned their focus on us, and I knew then I was in over my head.
How do you fight something you can’t touch?  Instinctively, I closed my eyes, and I reached into a magic I had never felt before.  I saw a bridge connecting the human world to the supernatural world. Suddenly I knew we weren’t here to be set apart, but to protect.  We exist to make sure they do.  We are the balance.  Necromancers are supposed to ensure passage from this reality to the other.  Shifters are supposed to keep order in the animal kingdom.  Witches are to preserve, to govern, and to Council. Vampires, though they were not supposed to have been created, act as a sort of enforcement.  
“How do I keep the balance?” I asked my father.  “Chloë, you amazing girl!” my father exclaimed.  “You are progressing so much faster than I ever hoped.  I will teach you.  Since you are my daughter, this is your gift too.  You must reach out to them, show them that you are here to preserve and protect.  Spirits are pure.  Even Alexander’s spirit, though it is tainted now.  When he is released he can find peace.  Only demonic beings will want to do harm, but a necromancer cannot control those, only ask for their assistance.”
“I wouldn’t put it past Simone to seek the help of demons,” I commented.  “Nor would I, but their assistance is unreliable and just as likely to turn against you,” my father replied.  “Alright then, for now let’s assume that she will be using ghosts to attack us.  But, I’m still unconvinced that she won’t try and use demons against us as well,” I conceded.  “First things first Chloë,” my father cautioned.
Eli turned to all of us and began to instruct on how we could disperse misplaced spirits.  “If Simone has been able to convince them that you are trying to disrupt the natural order of creation they will attack you to protect themselves.  Their existence depends on maintaining the balance between the supernatural and the natural.  It is their sacred duty to protect the afterlife when a necromancer calls them into this world.  Ordinarily, only a necromancer with good intentions calls a spirit into this realm.”
“We have to show them she is a black-hearted head-case then?” Anita asked.  Eli laughed quietly, displaying soft wrinkles around his mouth, “Yes child.  Something like that.”  “Chloë and I will open the gates to the after-life, by asking the Creator to take his children home, while the rest of you lead them to the opening.  Since you are not spirits you will not be able to enter. Don’t worry, there will be no risk of getting too close,” he explained.
Dean’s usually confident expression melted into one of confusion.  “Dean you have a question,” Eli observed.  “I’m sorry.  I don’t mean to doubt you, but this sounds too simple,” Dean admitted. 
 “It does sound that way.  But, until we are able to lead these spirits back to where they belong they will be able to reach into your soul and play on every doubt and pain you have ever had.  When I said they would be able to do you harm it was not physical harm I was referring to.  Sometimes the most lasting harm we can endure is emotional.  The scars these spirits might inflict can be more damaging than anything Simone or Alexander can do to you.  Do not forget that,” Eli warned.
“So are you going to show us how to fight these ghosties or what?” Anita demanded impatiently.  “Anita,” Dean chided.  “Oh c’mon Dean.  I’m with her.  These see through spooks give me the creeps too.  I feel like they are looking right through me,” Finn spoke up for the first time.
“They are,” my father confirmed.  “They are looking through you and into you.  They are seeing your worst fears, your hopes, your biggest mistakes, and they are preparing to use all of them against you.  They will find every shred of doubt you have inside of you and manifest it until you are not sure what you are fighting for.  Be prepared for that.”
“Fantastic.  Because, I wasn’t creeped out by them enough before.  Thanks for the pep talk,” Finn replied sarcastically.  “Hey, when did you start sounding like Anita?” I asked him.  Finn jokingly pushed my shoulder.  Grey scowled at our playful banter.  “That’s good.  Hold on to each other.  The good things in your life keep you strong.  It shows them who you are and that you are here to help,” Eli replied to Grey’s unvoiced criticism.
Eli threw some logs on the fire, and the smoke swirled and tumbled madly.  I knew something was coming.  I knew it was time to fight.  First the animals raced down out of the choking cloud, and instinctively Dean transformed into a cougar.   Then Native American warriors thundered toward us on their long dead horses.  Finally, ghosts of regular humans from all time periods walked out of the haze, wearing the clothing from their eras.  
At first we all reacted out of fear.  Dean tried to attack the animals that raced at him.  Finn threw up walls of branches.  Anita hurled herself at her attackers.  I launched fire and other magical explosions at warriors on horseback.  Grey, at least, tried to dodge the ghosts that came at him.  The result was the same. Everything we tried went right through our attackers.
The sound was deafening.  It was like hearing every conversation you have ever had at the same time.  Every voice, plus your own heartbeat, and your own breath, amplified in your ears.  Then all of that is joined by that nagging ringing sound that begins deep in your ears when noise gets too loud, and you feel like you are going mad.  
I looked around me and I saw a green thread linking me to each of my friends and my father.  I tried to take a deep breath in, focus, and grasp it, when I heard a scream of intense pain. I lost my concentration.  I turned around trying to see who was hurt, and there on the ground to my left laid Finn, crumpled in a ball.  
He opened his mouth to scream again, and in rushed a spirit dressed in clothing from the Victorian age.  Finn began to thrash about violently.  He pulled on the dead grass.  His eyes rolled into the back of his head.  His back arched up off the ground as if someone tied a string to his middle and tried to pull him up by that one point alone.  
I tried to run to him, but someone held me back.  I carelessly tossed a jolt at them to let me go.  I acted on instinct.  I only knew that Finn was suffering, and I had to stop it.  I placed one hand on his forehead, which was rocking back and forth wildly under my touch, and with the other hand I raised it up to the sky.  “Creator,” I asked, “please welcome your child back with you in the after life.  Show him we are the true guardians of balance between the supernatural and natural worlds, and allow him to, once again, rest in peace.”  The gate that opened glittered with colors of pearl white and gold.  Once again at peace, the spirit stopped thrashing.
Finn tried to speak, but instead of words coming out the ghost’s cold presence travelled up his chest, up his throat, and out his mouth.  Finn shivered violently, heaved, and threw up.  I kept one hand on him, while motioning with my head for Anita to take my place.  
She objected with her eyes, to which I responded by rolling mine.  “Eegh!” she protested audibly this time.  “Oh come on whiner!” I said with a laugh.  “He needs someone, and I need to keep this portal open.  You don’t think a man can do this do you?”  “No,” she said with a scoff.  “I mean sure Dean is sensitive, but look at him, he’s still a cougar.  He’d probably pee on him or something,” Anita joked.  Dean walked past and growled at Anita, and pushed Finn with his nose.  “Sorry babe, it was just a joke,” Anita apologized.
Seemingly content, Dean approached me.  I looked into his nearly glowing, feline eyes, and I could tell he was trying to communicate with me.  I’ve never had a pet before, I’ve always wanted a dog, I’m fairly certain I’m allergic to cats, and I certainly don’t know how to talk to one.
Cougars are loud.  Dean began staring at the animal ghosts and released an ear shattering, “Reeyaohhh.”  He bared his large, sharp, canine teeth, and shifted both of his shoulders back and forth in a rhythmic motion as if he was about ready to pounce on prey.  It was then I understood what he was thinking.  
I reopened the portal the same way I had before.  Then I charmed Dean to glitter in similar colors of brilliant gold.  It took only a fraction of a second for me to link him to the portal, and even less time for him to launch himself forward away from where I was standing. 
Ghosts of deer, elk, rabbits, moose, and even a bear scurried from the golden cougar.  The natural order, hunter and prey, superimposed itself over the ghostly disorder.  In ones and twos the animals fled into the golden gateway.  The only remaining animal was a large buck.  He stopped just outside the entrance of the portal, glanced at us over his shoulder, and nodded. His majestic antlers made the gesture all the more profound.  Then he calmly, and with dignity, stepped into the after life.
Dean began to purr, content with his part in the lesson.  I took note of Dean’s success, and decided it was my turn to lead spirits back into paradise.  I thought about my greatest asset to convince Native American warriors I had not completely forgot the ways of my people, and I would preserve the balance.  I closed my eyes to think.
I felt the icy touch of the dead.  It was not on my skin so much as in my skin.  I heard voices in harmony saying, “You’ll never be good enough.  You’ll let them down in the end.  The world would have been better off if…” “Enough!” I screamed.  Everyone looked at me.  Finn said in a shaky voice, “You heard it too?”
“Yes, Finn.  I heard it too.  Now I’m going to stop it,” I replied with confidence.  They were trying to play on my doubts, but I had decided to be done doubting myself.  Instead they pissed me off.
“Mickey!  Are you here? I need you,” I called out trying to find my spirit guide.  Mickey, the red tailed hawk, was around almost constantly. I knew she was now, but I wasn’t certain if she would come to me.  Suddenly, with the slightest disturbance of air, she swooped down and landed on my outstretched arm.
When the ghost warriors saw me with my spirit guide they dismounted from their horses, and regarded us with puzzled expressions.  Though they did not speak, I could feel the tenor of their thoughts.  They decided I was one of “the people.”  I ran one hand down Mickey’s feathered back, and she began to sparkle with the same charm I cast on Dean.  The portal was still open, and Mickey flew towards it leading the warriors. They entered the gate singing ancient songs of victory.
There was still the matter of the ordinary ghosts to return to the after life.  I was expecting this to be the most difficult.  The shifters wanted us to prove the environmental order would be preserved, and Dean did that.  The warriors wanted to see that their ways were not being forgotten, and I showed them I had not forgotten.  
What does an ordinary human want?  Am I qualified to say?  I don’t think my life is really that different.  I love, I hurt, I desire, I fear, just like everyone else.  Grey put his hand on my shoulder, and stepped beyond me.  He went over to Anita, and took her hand.  They began to dance, and a haunting melody started to play.
They laughed, danced, and enjoyed each other’s company.  The other ghosts joined together in a similar celebration of the lives they lived and the friendships they treasured.  Every whirl and twirl brought them closer to the gate, until finally they re-entered the afterlife.  
“How?” I asked confused and astounded.  “Simple, they are most concerned with our humanity.  They want to know we will respect each other, love, and laugh.  Basically we will protect everything that was important to them.  Once we stopped being a threat, and showed them we understood, they were satisfied and returned to the afterlife,” Grey explained.
My father, the most powerful and ancient supernatural alive stood near us, his demeanor somber. “Tonight I’ve shown you only seen a fraction of what they are capable of.  I doubt ghosts will be Simone and Alexander’s main method of attack. They are pure spirits, and will return once they are satisfied there are champions fighting to preserve balance.  It is important to remember, though, I did not lie to them.  She will not be as scrupulous.  You will all have much more going during the battle, to focus only on ghosts.  Tonight you have proven yourselves resourceful and excellent at working together.  These skills will be essential in the coming days.”  
 	His words were upbeat, but his face displayed the heaviness of deep concern.  Before our eyes his image shimmered and the ghostly specter of an eagle flew away.  Eli Soaring Eagle departed on a spirit walk. I knew that meant he expected the coming battle to have much worse consequences for us than he was letting on.

Chapter Forty
	
We returned to the cabin unsure of our next step.  My father’s hasty departure left us feeling directionless and confused.  Anita began to pace back and forth.  Her ceaseless movement increased the nervous energy in the room, and I decided to head into the kitchen for a moment of privacy.  
Like everything else in my father’s simple home, pine was his decoration of choice.  A small handmade pine breakfast nook occupied one corner.  The cabinets were natural colored, varnished, with simple steel handles.  The countertop was constructed out of re-utilized stainless steel.  The appliances were simple and completely utilitarian.  
There were no flourishes, no upgrades, and no pictures on the fridge. But then…wait…I looked back at the small, simple, white refrigerator and saw a note tacked to the door with a plain black magnet.  It was addressed to me, from my father.  He must have left it during our training session with the ghosts.  I took it down and read the few lines scrawled in his beautiful, scrolled penmanship.
Chloë,
When you read this I will have left on my spirit walk.  The end of this conflict is rapidly approaching.  I know that you still do not know the elements of the binding spell, but do not worry. I will take care of it.  I will see you in Ellensburg with the spell and some of the ingredients.  When I get there, be ready to collect the rest.  Stay safe until we see each other again.  I’ll see you soon.
Love,
Dad
I grabbed the note and went back into the other room.  I handed it to Anita, and announced to the rest of the group, “Let’s pack up and head home.”  Anita quickly handed me back the note, and moved so quickly she nearly disappeared.  Not only had she finished packing her things, she had mine and the guys bags packed and in the car.  Grey was also finished and helping Anita load the car in the amount of time Dean, Finn and I were preparing to leave the living room.
My father was right, I was worried.  I needed to know how the binding spell was going to work, and I still wasn’t sure how we were going to face every single attack as a group.  Probably my biggest worry was when and where was this confrontation going to happen.
The drive back to Ellensburg was uncomfortably quiet.  Finn had been sulking ever since he had encountered the ghost.  Dean and Anita were cuddled in the back seat wordlessly consumed with one another.  Grey’s jaw had a hard edge to it.  He was trying hard to hold back saying something.  
It was a constant cycle with us, we would get close, and then he would pull away again.  “Grey,” I whispered.  He feigned concentration on the road, as if I didn’t already know he had near perfect reflexes.  “Com’on I can tell something is bothering you,” I persisted.  “Not now Chloë,” Grey responded sternly.
I tried to talk to him again, but he was not receptive.  “Chloë, it has been a long couple of days.  None of us knows what we are going to find when we get back, so you should try to rest now.”  Who could rest with an answer like that?  
I was so pissed I thought I might actually be breathing fire.  I saw my reflection in the side mirror, and my eyes were actually glowing green this time.  I vibrated with anger, anxiety, fear, and frustration.  I simply couldn’t take it any longer.  I had to get away from Grey in the quickest possible way.  
“I’ll see you in Ellensburg,” I snapped.  All at once everyone started to say, “Chloë, what are you doing, where are you going?”  Grey was seething, but then again I was too, so I didn’t care.  The only one who didn’t question me was Finn.  Instead, he said, “Take me with you.”  I nodded, and he placed his hands on my shoulders from the backseat.  I waved my hand in front of me, with my palm facing out, and we both disappeared.


Chapter Forty-One

When I teleport, I ascend into the layer of magic that invisibly surrounds the earth.  I am able to slip into something that only physically exists in the supernatural world.  I can see the colors swirl, hear the humming song of magic, and feel the pulse of living magic flow through me.  
I’ve teleported people before, but I have never paid attention to the process of it. I’ve never really given much thought to what they see, or if they see anything at all.  They always seem so out of it right afterwards, so I’ve never bothered to ask what it was like for them.  However, the last two days have refocused me to think as a team member, part of a coven, therefore I decided to try something I had never done before.  
I reached out, mentally and magically, to find Finn’s essence while we were teleporting together.  I wanted to try to communicate before we got there.  I wasn’t even sure if such a thing was possible, but I wanted to try. When I found him it was like turning on a light in a dark room.  I could feel that he became aware all of a sudden.  We looked at each other, and I saw a look of awe and confusion on his face. 
Below us the earth looked like a relief map.  We could see all the curves and bends, but not state or city lines.  I was so intent on communicating with Finn, I allowed us to drift off course.  We were floating high above the Columbia River when I reached out, with my magical essence and grabbed hold of him.  He let go of my shoulders, and placed his hands around my waist.  I pictured my dorm room in my mind, and we sped down through the layer of magic I was traveling in. 
“How did you do that?” Finn asked excited.  “I’ve teleported you before,” I answered, pretending this time was exactly the same as before.  “True, but before it always happened so quickly.  All I ever saw was a rush of colors, and then we were somewhere else.  This time, I saw the earth, and I saw you.  Is that what you always see?” 
“Yeah.  I mean, I guess.  I showed you the layer of magic we all have access to.  I can use it to go from one place to another.  You seemed like you needed to feel connected to it again, and I wanted to show it to you.  Honestly, I wasn’t sure I was going to be able to until I tried. That is what took so long,” I told him.  
“I wish it had taken longer.  I would give anything to be alone with you,” Finn said, while he brushed a strand of hair out of my eyes.  “Finn…” I began.  “Shh, I know what you are going to say.  I said I wish, and there is nothing you can do about that. So don’t try and talk me out of it, even if it isn’t going to happen.  I have noticed Grey has been acting strangely, though, so forgive me if I hold on to a little bit of hope.”  
He left me speechless.  What could I say really?  “Grey says we are destined to break-up.” Or, “Grey thinks that I’m meant to be with you and that is why he is being weird.”  No.  I couldn’t think of anything appropriate, so I nodded in agreement.
The silence grew to an awkward quiet, until I started to giggle uncontrollably.  I put my hand on his shoulder, as I doubled over gasping for air.  I was uncomfortable, why was I laughing? “What is so funny?” Finn asked a little hurt. 
“Sorry.  It isn’t funny really.  It’s just that, in the last two days I have accepted that I need to stop fighting my destiny. I know what I need to do now. And, I think I know where my life is heading.  When you tell me what you wish could happen between us, by denying it and keeping quiet, I’m essentially lying to you.  I’m lying by making you think things are better between Grey and I than they are, or by letting you think nothing is going on between you and me…That is me lying to you.  So let me be as honest as I can be.  I don’t know what is going on.  Not between Grey and I, or you and I. The only thing I do know is we all need to work together.  I promise, once I figure things out with Grey, I will let you know where you and I stand.”
“I guess we are kinda back where we were a few weeks ago aren’t we?” Finn said.  His bright blue eyes burned right through me.  I knew then I was fooling myself to think that I only wanted to be with Grey, or I needed to figure things out with Grey.  I needed to decide where my heart was going first.  
Before another awkward pause could settle over us, a loud thumping knock sounded at the door.  “Ye…Yes,” I managed to squeak out.  “Oh move already I have a key,” Anita’s annoyed voice sounded from the other side of the door.  “I don’t know why you insisted on knocking anyway.  See everyone is dressed.  Happy now?” She said to Grey, as they entered the room.  
Grey stood near the window, sulking.  He looked up at me through his thick, dark lashes.  His black eyes showed acceptance mixed with pain.  But there was something else lingering in the background, something dark he didn’t want me to know.
I crossed the room and grabbed on to his shoulders.  I shook him hard, not that it did me any good, because he didn’t budge. I could’ve pushed the wall for all the progress I made.  “What aren’t you telling me?” I urged him.  “I could ask you the same thing,” Grey said without answering.  
“Can I talk to you in the hall?” I asked him.  He inhaled needlessly, and closed his eyes.  Then he reluctantly nodded yes.  Talk about an ego boost, my boyfriend acts like it is physically painful to be alone with me.  
I shut the door and walked several paces away from my room.  The dorm was abnormally quiet. It seems everyone left for the weekend.  After the attack in University Village apartments, it is only natural for people to leave town for the weekend.
When I walked to the end of the hallway, out of earshot of anyone who may have stayed, I turned around, and found myself face to face with Grey.  He moved behind me, deathly quiet, icy and unfeeling.  “Why are you pushing me away?” 
Grey sneered, but despite his best effort I could see that he was trying to conceal something from me. “I don’t know what you are talking about.  You are out cavorting with that elf, and you expect me to be in a good mood.”  “Lay off it Grey.  You have been pushing me toward Finn for days.  And now you are picking a fight?  Why?  What are you hiding from me?  If you want to end it, just say so and cut the shit Grey,” I threw back at him.
“As usual you are right.  I have been keeping you at arms length, because of some events that your mother brought to my attention, and your father’s visions.  I love you Chloë.  That is never going to change.  I cannot risk you.  I will do anything, if it means you will be safe.  I will suffer anything if it means you will be happy.  Do you understand that?”
Grey gently stroked my face, and as much as I wanted to hold his hand there, I knew he would soon remove it.  He believed being with me would put me in danger.  I wasn’t sure from what, but I was sure he had made up his mind and I couldn’t convince him otherwise.
“What are you protecting me from?” I asked.  “I can tell you this.  If you are too focused on me during the fight, you and some of your friends will get hurt, or worse.  Just let me handle myself, I’ve had centuries of practice.  Promise me Chloë,” Grey pleaded. “I will. And afterwards, what about us?” I asked him.  Grey smiled weakly, “Let us figure out afterwards when we get there.”  He kissed me gently, and turned to leave.  “Where are you going,” I called after him.  “Sunrise is coming soon.  I will see you tomorrow night.”  He turned and in an instant he was gone.
He’d see me tomorrow night.  We weren’t training.  Suddenly the realization hit me, and I wretched.  The only thing that saved me from puking all over the hallway was I hadn’t eaten for more hours than I could remember.  The distance between us, the stoic silence, he knew what we were only guessing at.  Tomorrow night we would fight.  Thank God this would be the most deserted Saturday Ellensburg had ever seen, because only he knew where Simone was planning on showing up.
I opened the door to my room, and walked leadenly toward my bed.  The pastiness of my complexion instantly put everyone on alert.  “What?” Finn asked excited and edgy.  “Tomorrow,” I said quietly with all of the strength I had left.
Anita nodded, understandingly.  She cleared her throat. “Well we should get some sleep then.  All right boys get out.  We’ll see you tomorrow.”  “I have something for you,” I said and reached into my drawer where I kept my amulets and potions.  I pulled out a wand, made out of shiny hematite, and on the top was a piece of smoky quartz. “I had this made for you,” I said, and handed it to her.  
She took it, and the crystal began to hum and glow.  A smile spread across her face.  “Cool! See Chloë, everything is going to be fine.  Thanks for this. I’ve got a few tricks up my sleeve too.  Good night.”  She cocked her eyebrow, and flashed herself into her pajamas.  I had to hand it to her.  She was a fast learner.




Chapter Forty-Two
	
Sometime after dawn, I exhaled, and felt my spirit leave my body.  I was searching for something, an answer to a question I couldn’t quite phrase.  I joined the fog that hung low and thick over the land. I stalked forward until I found a house with a glowing thread trailing out of the chimney.  I traveled down the chimney, just as smoke escaped out.  
Inside I found Simone braiding a lock of my mother’s hair into her own.  “Like mother, like daughter,” she said with each twist of hair.  She meant to use my mother’s power against me.  Then she pricked a sleeping Alexander, and added a drop of blood to her borrowed hair.  “Your blood will bind you to me, Anita,” she chanted.  I knew she was missing a part of the spell, earth, but I wasn’t about to help her with it.  
I felt my body inhale, and my spirit raced rapidly back into my body.  I didn’t know why this was my fight, but now I knew who could answer that question for me.  It was time to call my mother.  
I reached for my phone, still struggling to open my eyes, and gave a verbal command for it to call Marguerite.  “Chloë, I never imagined you would be awake this early,” Marguerite said, not hiding her surprise.  “I don’t have time for pleasantries this time mother.  Why does Simone have a lock of your hair?  How did she get it in the first place?” I demanded.
“Hmm, I was wondering how she was planning on confronting you head on.  Well, I suppose she must have gotten my hair about two hundred years ago, when she first came to our attention.  At that time she was trying to enslave vampires, much like today, but then she was going after the Council directly.  As the head of the Council, I had her arrested and imprisoned for fifty years.  After I announced her sentence, I mistakenly turned my back to leave, and she leapt out at me and ripped out a curl of my hair.  
I looked for it, but as head of the Council I was so concerned with cleaning up the rest of the mess she left, I was soon distracted away from it.  And, honestly, I didn’t think she had the talent or the skill to ever use the hair against me.  It seems she is after the future of the Council now.  I’m sorry I never followed up on this.  I doubt you will make the same error, and that my daughter is why you are destined to take my seat and lead the Council.”
“You know the fight is tonight.” I told her.  “I suspected as much.  I suppose your father had a vision.  Such a marvelously talented man.  How is he anyway?” Marguerite inquired.  “Mother focus please.  You and Eli can continue your centuries old bizarre love obsession after this is over.  He is fine, okay.  Now, can we concentrate on my problem?  What am I supposed to do?” 
“It just so happens, when I was unable to retrieve the lock of my hair I took some of hers in case she ever tried to use mine in a spell.  I might have been careless, but I am not stupid.  I don’t know why she would forget I have her hair, but I will transport it to you.  Now you are two thirds of the way to having your binding spell.  Good luck Chloë.”  “Bye mother.” 
I hung up the phone and retrieved my antique wooden box from a drawer under my bed.  Just as I suspected my mother transported the lock of hair into it. It was the same box I kept amulets and charms. The lock of hair was perfectly preserved in specially treated and charmed linen.  The crimson colored curl shined as if it was cut this morning.  
I tried to go back to sleep, but it was no use.  My thoughts kept swirling.  When was I going to get in touch with my father?  How was I going to get the blood?  Who’s blood did I need?  What was I going to do with everything once I had it? 
With great effort I managed to shut my eyes, and fall asleep for a few more hours.  At nine o’clock, I saw the cool rays of the winter sun shining through the curtains.  I heard Anita thrashing around in her covers fighting a nightmare.  “Ehhh!” She squealed as she bolted straight upright in bed ready to brawl an unseen attacker.  “Just a dream,” she muttered to herself.
“Rough night?” I asked.  “Ugh, the worst. How about you?” “ ‘Bout the same.  I think I went on a spirit walk.  I learned that Simone has my mother’s hair braided into her own.  That’s why she has the confidence and the ability to come after us.  She wants to come after me because my mother arrested her for attacking the Council about two hundred years ago.  I wish my father were here already.  I hate not having the other two parts of the binding spell,” I complained.
“Wait, did you say the other two parts, when did we get the first part?” Anita asked confused.  I rubbed my still tired eyes.  “Oh, yeah sorry I’m jumping around.  My mother lost a lock of her hair when Simone attacked her during her arrest two hundred years ago.  Marguerite couldn’t find it so she took a lock of Simone’s.  She teleported it to me this morning.  I think that gets you caught up.” 
“Wow, you did all of that and I just had a nightmare about being married to Alexander, and wanting to serve every wish of Simone.  It was super creepy.  First I turned on you, and while she killed Finn, Alexander made me kill Dean.  I couldn’t stop.  What could make me do that?”  
“I think I know,” I began to answer hesitantly. “She took some of Alexander’s blood this morning, and mixed it into the lock of hair she took from my mother.  Then she braided the entire thing into her own hair.  I would have to ask Grey to be certain, but I would guess, that since Alexander changed you, yours and his blood are linked.  Remember when Grey said that we could use his and your blood to bind Alexander, it is the same concept.  That is how she is ‘marrying’ the two of you together.  She is going to try and gain control of you that way.”
“Great, just fantastic!” Anita seethed.  “Actually, it is,” I said with a smile growing across my face.  “You are really weird right now, do you know that?” Anita accused.  “You won’t think that when I explain,” I said with my eyebrow raised in typical mischievous fashion.  “Okay, spit it out then.” 
“Well, we need your blood to bind Alexander.  If she wants yours to control you, we need yours to bind him.  Grey’s too, since he made Alexander. Because I know what she is planning I can create an amulet to ward off her spell.”  “You are right.  I don’t think you’re weird.  I think you are brilliant.”  “It is still so early though. Grey won’t be up for hours.  I don’t know why I’m somewhat surprised she plans on killing us. We are all destined to be so strong. The only time we can be defeated is now before we gain our full powers.  We aren’t immortal until we do.”
Eli Soaring Eagle’s voice boomed inside our room. “Try not to worry too much Chloë, you have all gained so many powers so quickly all four of you have regenerative abilities most humans don’t have.  As for Grey, we’ll speak to him later. We have a lot to do before he wakes up anyway.”  He started to appear first as insubstantial as smoke solidifying until he was himself.  Anita and I jumped backward, practically on the table.  You would think we would be used to magical appearances, but we were extremely on edge.
“Hello father, you scared the hell out of me,” I said, trying to hold my heart inside my chest. “I’m sorry. I had to go and gather the four elemental powers of the earth.  When we balance fire, air, and water with earth it will complete the circle and seal the binding of her powers.  For fire I brought newly formed basalt from Mount Kilauea.  Air is represented by a quartz crystal, because of its purity and transparency.  The vibrant blue of turquoise represents water.  Finally, I have soil brought from my birthplace, near where the land bridge was in Alaska.”
“What do we do with the hair and the blood?” I asked.  “I have put the soil into an ancient clay pot.  On top of the soil we will place the lock of hair, and then drop the blood onto it.  It will be set into place at the last moment.  Once everything is in position, it will be set in the circle, and her powers will be sealed into the earth.”  
I began to pace the room.  I felt like I was breathing into a paper bag.  There was only so much oxygen available, and I was using it all up, everything was getting smaller, and smaller.  My clothes were starting to cling to me.  I tried to pull the neck of my shirt away from my skin, but it only seemed to make it feel tighter.  I shifted in my shoes, but my feet felt cramped. I took one stifled breath in, and blurted out, “I’m going for a walk.”  I grabbed my warmest coat, and headed for the door.
I turned right from my door and walked straight into Finn.  “I was just coming to see you,” he said trying not to laugh.  “How convenient.  You found me,” I said grinning.  “I was just heading out for a walk, wanna come?”  “Sure, let me grab my coat,” he answered.
We walked around the picturesque creek, oddly called the “Ganges” by students.  We enjoyed the peace provided by some ducks, and a couple of frolicking muskrats, before we discussed anything serious. 
“I heard your dad’s voice, so I knew you were awake,” Finn said, breaking the silence. I slipped my arm through his, and tucked my head into his chest.  “I wish we didn’t have to do any of this.”  “Me too,” he said.  Then he kissed the top of my head.  
“I wish I could make everything better for you,” he said into my hair.  “Be careful. Survive this fight and you will take a lot of stress off of me,” I whispered into his coat.  “I will only put myself in danger to save you.  That is the best promise I can make you.”
I gave him a weak smile and pulled away slightly, only leaving my arm through his.  Finn stiffened.  I reminded myself that when I let my guard down around him, one of us usually got hurt.  I didn’t want that to happen again, no matter what happened with Grey.  I couldn’t keep stringing both of them along.  It was never my intention, but it kept happening nonetheless.  
I had to remember there were reasons Finn and I broke up in the first place.  Even though standing next to his rippling, lean muscled body, and staring into his electric blue eyes still sent a tingle of electricity racing down my spine, I had to pull away.  We had hurt each other too much too many times. I didn’t want to hurt him now, when he was laying his heart out there so plainly.  
We wasted time most of the day, walking, talking, stopping for coffee, and grabbing a burger at a drive through only place with the best burgers.  Then the sun began to dip below the foothills, setting the skyline on fire with reds, oranges and purples.  The already cold air dropped to a more frigid chill.  We looked at each other solemnly and nodded in agreement.  It was time to return to the dorm.
When we got to my room, no one commented about our prolonged absence.  Everyone had something else on their minds.  I opened my wardrobe and reached into the back for a shopping bag I had placed in there the week before.  Inside were sets of expensive, high-tech long underwear, which I bought for everyone, except for Grey (since he is impervious to the cold).  I passed them out, and the men went to their rooms to go change.  Anita and I went to the bathroom, so that my father could use our room in private.  
Sliding into the tight fitting, black, high tech material made me feel as if I was slipping on armor for battle.  My mind was preparing to do what ever was necessary.  I purchased black wool sweaters, black cargo pants, and dark hiking boots for everyone.  We all broke in our boots before tonight.  
I wanted to cut down on every advantage that Alexander was going to have.  The less visible we were, the less was his gain.  I put my waist length hair into a braid. Then I finished off with an amulet for protection around my neck.
I turned the corner from the dressing area to the mirrors, and bumped shoulders with Anita. “Are you ready?” she asked.  I shrugged, “I guess.” I could feel butterflies fluttering in my stomach.  “We will make it through tonight, and then we will get junk food, watch sappy chick flicks, and figure out the rest of the stuff that is bothering you,” Anita assured me.  I smiled and nodded.  “Alright then, lets go lead a witch into a trap.” I said and my eyes flashed green with a surge of power.
Chapter Forty-Three

Eventually, every CWU student discovers the waterfall out on the Manashtash trail.  It is a bit of a hike to get to.  There are makeshift log bridges, mud, and stinging nettles, but climbing into the bowl shaped opening makes the journey worthwhile.  We found it a bit early, because of Dean’s need to roam the wilderness.  He did a bit of scouting, while on four legs, and found the perfect location for a trap.
Earlier in the day Finn and I realized Simone and Alexander were going to come and look for us.  We knew it was coming today.  We weren’t sure what time, except it would almost certainly happen after dark.  We decided we could control where we were when they found us.  The idea of setting a trap was formed.
At the bottom of the cliff is a waterfall, a small creek and a grassy area.  The top is surrounded with a thick cover of trees and other vegetation, because it is higher in elevation than the rest of Ellensburg.  We strategized that if one or two of us waited at the bottom, the rest could hide in the trees on top of the cliffs, and attack once they appeared.
We got set up about an hour before sundown.  Grey promised to meet us the moment that he was able to leave.  This gave him a large head start over Simone and Alexander, because Grey knew where he was going, while they still had to figure out where we went. 
A half an hour before Grey could leave the shelter of his basement, the rest of us formed a circle in the clearing near the waterfall.  My father stood in the center with the clay jar of soil and hair.  I gave the chunk of basalt to Anita, the piece of quartz to Dean, and I kept the turquoise.  Finn moved in front of each of us and used his power over the elements.  
He stood in front of Anita first, and she held her arm out straight in front of her.  When she opened her hand, she compelled the rock to move slowly to the ground.  Anita quickly snuck a look at me, and winked. Out of the ground erupted a strong blast of fire, and the hunk of basalt rested on top.  The fire died down, and the basalt remained on the ground, locked in place by the spell.
Finn next moved to Dean.  He held his hand out and Finn called a strong wind to carry the stone out of his hand.  It spun around, and landed to the ground, where it to magically locked itself to the ground.
 I held my arm straight out, just like Anita, and allowed the turquoise to float towards the ground.  Finn raised his hand with his palm facing down also, and a gush of water raced up to meet the falling gemstone.  The water and stone swirled and danced together until they too met the ground and locked in place.  
My father placed the ancient clay jar in the center of the circle, although not its final position, to receive the final ingredient of the binding spell. Out of the satchel he carried, Eli pulled out a sacrificial dagger. Suddenly the wind rustled at the top of the basin, the evergreens swayed, and Grey launched himself from the top of the forty-foot cliff face.
Without a word Grey and Anita walked into the center of the circle and stood in front of Eli.  Both presented their right hand, palm up, and held them over the jar.  Eli took the dagger and cut each of them diagonally across the hand.  Then they turned and faced each other, grasped hands, and squeezed until their blood ran in one steady stream, while my father chanted in a long forgotten native language.
The strong sickly sweet smell of blood overwhelmed Anita’s fragile hold on control, her eyes began to glow luminous bronze, and her fangs slid out, making her look feral.  Grey held her steady while their wounds healed. She breathed deeply and the moment subsided.  Grey looked Anita straight in her eyes, “I’ve told you before, I would help you get your justice.  This is the moment Anita.”
I knew then he wasn’t here for me. He was here for her, and for his unfinished business with Alexander. I didn’t fault him for it exactly, but it hurt.  I might be a bit confused, but I still loved him.  I had never and would never cheat on him.  He knew I had some feelings for Finn, but I had chosen Grey.  
I looked away quickly, because I didn’t want to face what was right in front of me. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Finn smile sweetly. At that moment I knew.  He didn’t need to say a word. It was there in his eyes. He was here for me.  

Chapter Forty-Four

Eli’s expression turned grave and he pointed up at the trees.  Any moment all hell was going to break loose.  First Grey launched into the air like a rocket, landing into the thick cover of evergreen branches high on the cliff wall.  Anita copied Grey, on the opposite side of the basin.  Finn was now fully in charge of his abilities. With a slight wave of his hand he commanded the basalt wall to open and he concealed himself in a small crevice.  
Only my father, Dean and I remained in the center of the small clearing.  Dean smiled in anticipation.  I envied the easy confidence that surrounded him.  He trusted his abilities, and ours so completely.  Dean actually seemed to look forward to the upcoming battle.  
The air around Dean began to sizzle and pop with electricity.  A haze turned around him, and his shape began to roll and twist him into a large cougar.  Once his change was complete, he leapt onto a nearby boulder and bounded from stone to stone until he reached light brown shrubbery.  His muscles pulsed as if he was preparing to pounce, but instead he slunk backwards into his camouflaged hiding place and disappeared.
I looked up into the trees onto of the cliff wall surrounding the basin.  I reached with my senses to find Anita and Grey in their hiding places. I heard Anita in answer in my mind, “I am here.”  Then I saw the glow of her bronze eyes light up in the trees.  
I swallowed hard.  I could feel them coming, quickly, but not at their maximum speed.  The walk to the edge of the waterfall is a fairly easy two miles on nearly flat ground.  Even if they weren’t moving at full speed, they would still be here in seconds.  
I looked to my father, my stomach churning, searching for strength.  He placed a hand on my shoulder to calm me and said, “Trust yourself and your friends.  Don’t forget I am here for you.  They will not overcome us.  Now get ready, here we go.”  With those words he seemed to disappear into a puff of smoke taking the ceremonial clay jar with him.
The same moment my father disappeared the deafening crack of tree branches and entire trees breaking began to sound all around the top of the rim.  The crunch of the ground echoed in the basin where I stood.  I raised my eyebrow and looked toward Anita. I thought to her, “Quite an entrance, huh?”  I felt her trying not to giggle. “Yeah, I think that a herd of elephants could be sneakier,” she thought back at me.
“Do not underestimate them, girls.” My father joined our silent conversation. Instantly I felt Anita refocus, and I forced myself to do the same.   The sound came to the edge of the cliff and stopped suddenly.  I didn’t expect Simone to believe I came here alone, but I was not about to announce who was with me either.  I planned to conceal the fact my father was with me as long as possible.
“She is here alone!  Why don’t we just go and end this now?” an impatient vampire asked Simone a little too loudly.  He wanted to know why not?  I could give him a reason. My fingertips began to itch with the electricity surging at the end.  I allowed the sensation to grow until I held two enormous pulsing orbs of pure energy.  My eyes lit up like glowing green emeralds.  I levitated and tossed both balls of raging, churning energy at the impetuous vampire.  They ignited and sent him ablaze.
“Idiot!” Simone screeched.  “That is why we do not just rush in and end this.”  “Simone, help me, please!” the vampire pleaded in agony.  “There’s no help for you.  I warned you what she could do.  Why would I waste my strength to save you when I need it to fight her?” she responded without compassion.
Anita promised me she had a few tricks up her sleeve.  Her powers were the more basic witch powers, but they still triumphed over Simone’s.  She was able to summon the wand that I gave her and call for a small light to float above where she heard movement.  The reflective eyes of vampires glowed when the light hit them. 
Everywhere she showed me one of Simone’s vampires I set them ablaze with an energy ball.  In less than a minute, Anita and I had decimated every new vampire Simone and Alexander had recruited or made.  Simone must have realized at this point she couldn’t wait on top of the cliff.  By now she probably knew that I wasn’t alone either.  I could see she was weighing the risks of her different options to get to me.  Her desire for revenge over my mother, and control of the Council was beginning to cloud her judgment.  
I summoned my wand, and taunted in a singing voice, “Simone, come out come out where ever you are.” Anita conjured her light and for the briefest of moments I was able to see Alexander.  Instead of setting him on fire, I cast a tracking spell on him and tied the locator half of the spell to Grey.  Now Grey could find him anywhere he went.
I felt the tension begin to rise.  Everyone was jumpy and ready for action.  There was a steady hum of magic hanging over the basin, and flowing into me like the waterfall was falling into the creek.  It whispered warnings to me.  My skin began to prickle with fear.  My breath caught in my chest.  I had missed something. 
It was time to shake things up a bit, literally.  I needed to talk to Finn, so I teleported into the small, makeshift cave he created for himself.  “Feel like making the earth rumble?” I asked.  “Anytime, but are you sure you don’t want to get this fight out of the way first?” Finn teased and slipped his hand around my waist.  “I’m so glad you still have a sense of humor.  But, something is really amiss right now.  It scares me Finn, and I need your help.”  I clung to Finn, instead of pushing him away. 
“Shh…Don’t worry.  I’m here,” he soothed.  Then he grinned his mischievous, crooked grin that made my knees wobble when we first met. “I had a different idea in mind for making the earth shake, but I can give you a demonstration.”  He grabbed my hand, and in a display of power that I had not yet seen from him, he blew out the entrance to his hiding place.  
Dean and Finn had worked out a signal when it was time for him to jump into action.  It was a vibration in the ground, which Dean could feel in the pads of his feet and whiskers, while he was in his cougar form.  As soon as Finn signaled him, Dean silently climbed up the side of the basalt column he stood on.  From there, he went straight to Grey’s hiding place, to trigger Grey to circle around Simone and Alexander.  I telepathically delivered the same message to Anita.
Suddenly everything began to happen very quickly.  Alexander spotted Anita leaving her shelter, and took off after her.  The spell I cast on him immediately alerted Grey where he was. Anita, kept a steady pace, leading the unsuspecting Alexander closer and closer to Grey.
“I’ve dreamt of you for a long time, Anita. Don’t tell Simone, but I have a lot of plans for us.  All you have to do is give up and leave with me now.  You won’t have to pretend to be something you aren’t with me Anita.  You can give in, and quit fighting what you are. Accept the gift that I gave you.”
They circled around each other, Anita stayed just beyond his reach.  She kept him talking while Grey crept up behind him.  “For the record, I never pretend to be anything other than what I am.  And, you never gave me anything; you took everything away from me.  You took away my humanity, you raped me, and destroyed my sense of safety.  I can’t wait to see you die.  I hope it is slow and horrible.”  
“I see you have been getting your memories back.  That is quite unfortunate.  I would like to have kept you out of this unfortunate business. I can see now, though, that is impossible.” Alexander lunged for Anita.  In response, she kicked him hard in the groin.  
Vampire or not, he was still a man, and he folded straight to the ground.  Anita stood over him and said, “As much fun as that was.  I take more pleasure telling you that Grey is going to kill you tonight.  I only hope he lets me watch.  I think I deserve that.”
Grey who got closer and closer with each word she spoke said, “That can be arranged.”  The whites of Alexander’s eyes grew when he heard Grey’s voice.   He began to scramble backwards as Grey advanced towards him.  “Alexandre, as tu peur? Are you scared of me?  Why have you been taunting me for so long, if you did not want to face me?” Grey said with a sneer.
“Alexandre is dead.  You killed him Geoffrey.  I’ve just been looking for the opportunity to return the favor.” Alexander jumped to his feet and prepared to defend himself.  Grey laughed, “As if you were ever a match for me.  I am centuries older than you.  I was a knight when that meant something.  You, on the other hand were a member of a do nothing aristocracy. Completely incapable of protecting yourselves when it was important.”
Anita stood watching, transfixed by the confusion and fear on Alexander’s face.  She failed to see one of the few remaining vampires approaching her from behind.  The only vampires that managed to evade Anita and I were the ones that Alexander turned when he first left Grey, over a hundred years ago.  They were a tight knit group used to fighting and hunting together.  
From my vantage point, about forty feet below, I could see about four vampires closing in on her.  I pulled my wand out from my sleeve (it took less energy than conjuring it and sending it away all night long), and sent a blast of pure energy at the vampire closest to her.  He flew backwards and crashed into a tree.  
I couldn’t blast the next one without risking hitting Anita or Grey.  “Anita!” I screamed.  But she didn’t hear me.  “Trust yourself, and your friends,” my father had told me.  Trusting seemed easier to do when he said it. But, when the first real friend I have ever had was in danger, it felt impossible.  
Thankfully, Dean heard me scream, and bounded from branch to branch until he landed in front of the would be attackers.  He took one swipe at a large, dark, black haired vampire nearest to Anita.  His front paw landed squarely in the side of the head of the vampire.  There was an audible crunch, and half of his head collapsed with the force of the strike.  
Unfortunately, this was only a temporary setback.  I learned recently there were only two ways to kill a vampire.  The easiest was to set them on fire, but that did not always work on the oldest and strongest vampires.  The second, and most surefire way to ensure the death of a vampire was to stake them through the heart and leave them exposed to sunlight.
Dean did not wait idly by and contemplate the healing time of a vampire, like I was doing. He immediately turned his attention to another male, turned in his twenties.  He was large, muscular, and frightening.  It appeared Alexander had been busy creating himself a goon squad.  
The vampire bared his fangs, and turned to face the advancing cougar.  Dean snarled and placed his much larger canines on display.  The guttural growl he released vibrated off of the rocks below.  With a leap, Dean landed on the vamp, and tore open his throat.  Finally, Anita snapped out of her thrall, “Thanks, darling.”  
Two other vampires began to back away, sensing a worse fate faced them.  Anita, in her usual manner, laughed and said, “Man, are you in for it now.”  Wisely, the two vampires blazed off into the trees.  Anita’s image blurred as she chased after them.  Dean climbed into the branches where he had the biggest advantage.
The two escapees didn’t get far before Dean and Anita caught up to them.  They screamed before limbs began flying through the trees.  An arm landed near my feet.  I had to fight my gag reflex, and I used my wand to send it far away.  
Anita ran straight toward the edge of the basin.  She jumped at the very last nanosecond, and appeared to fly through the air.  She landed in a crouch next to Finn and I.  When she stood up, she revealed how much of a mess she was.  She had blood smeared across her cheek, drying in her hair, on her hands, and soaking into her clothes.  She appeared to have bathed in it. Anita spoke, oblivious to her appearance.  “I told Dean to stay up top and cover Grey.  If I stay up there I’ll probably just get in the way.”  
I gawked at her.  “What?” she said.  “Well, you look kinda gross,” I answered.  “Yeah, well this is war.  Not a tea party,” she replied brusquely.  “You’re right. I’m sorry,” I apologized.  “Okay then.  Let’s kick some more ass, so we can get this over with, huh?” Anita suggested.  “Sounds good to me.”


Chapter Forty-Five

“Anita, how many vampires are left up there?” I asked.  “I don’t know for sure.  I ripped into several.  Of course, if Simone helps them they will be back in fighting shape soon enough.  If she doesn’t, the sunlight will finish the job in the morning. They are mortally wounded.  But, while I was hunting them, I sensed something else out there watching me, waiting.  Chloë, it is scarier than Simone.”
“I know. I feel it too. We need to figure this out now.  We can’t let them know my father is here. If Simone runs, the binding spell could be ruined.  For now we need to do this with out Eli, and get ready to face anything.” I told Anita and Finn. 
 “What do we need to do?” she asked.  “I don’t have the juice to do this by myself.  There are magical numbers, three, five and seven.  I’m still learning myself, but I know all covens are these sizes.  We are going to cast a modified scribing spell. Only, we don’t know what we are looking for exactly.  That is why I need the two of you.  I need the power boost.”
“What do you need us to do?” Finn asked.  “Once we join hands, you’ll both just know exactly what to do.”  We stepped inside the circle we formed to bind Simone’s powers. It functioned as a giant magical battery. 
In the middle we joined hands, forming a smaller inner circle.  A web constructed of glowing silvery magic shot out of the ground and wrapped itself over our bodies.  Together we rose off the ground and slowly began to spin counter clockwise.  
With our combined magic we could sense all of the living beings near us.  I was able to fine-tune our vision to see only magical beings.  I saw Simone running through the trees, laughing as if she didn’t have a worry.  I saw Alexander running with Grey only steps behind him.  Alexander didn’t look nearly as carefree.  I saw Dean chasing down more vampires.
Connected as we were, Anita didn’t need to speak to me telepathically.  She felt worried. She thought all of the vampires were gone.  We could see, a dozen more were waiting, hidden in the hills of the Manashtash.  How could they have evaded us?  Perhaps Anita, Dean, Finn and I yes.  We are young, but with Grey and my father working with us, how could this be?  
I pushed harder, and felt our magic surge.  Finn drew magic from the earth, and all the power of the elements swirled around me. I felt as though I was home for an instant, safe, but only for an instant.   
Suddenly the feeling I was missing something solidified inside me.  I sensed a familiar magical signature, and knowledge slammed into me. God, how had I missed this?  Simone I knew how to fight, but Angeline?  My own sister? 
I collapsed. The burden was too great.  I heard the voice carry down from the top of the bluff.  “What is the matter little sister? Can’t handle being bested by the one who is supposed to be weaker, less powerful?  Do you know how annoying it has been to take care of my replacement?  Well no more.  If mother won’t give me the Council I’m going to take it.  As if her precious Chloë could stop me!” Angeline shouted.
My mind rapidly re-evaluated our situation. Angeline wouldn’t have an army without Simone. We needed to turn them on each other.  But Angeline was a witch, not as easy to fight as a necromancer.  Her father was a second rate wizard that my mother left centuries before meeting my father.  I think Angeline never got over the fact that I was born more powerful than she could ever hope to be.  It was time to show her how much more.
Anita was nudging me with her shoe trying to rouse me.  I opened my eyes, and stood up carefully.  “Who is that?  She looks a lot like your mom,” Anita said in a whisper.  I guess they didn’t hear what I heard.  She must have shouted at me telepathically.  “That is my sister, Angeline,” I answered simply.
“I don’t understand.  I thought you were closer to your sister than your mother.  Didn’t she raise you?” Finn asked.  “Yes.  I’m confused too.  The Angeline I knew was gentle, funny, unconcerned and untouched by the politics of the supernatural world.  She is a wife and a mother.  I guess, she didn’t escape being a Du Lac after all.” 
“Can you do this?  Fight your own sister?” Anita asked worriedly.  “She isn’t leaving me a choice is she?  Angeline betrayed me, attacked the people I love.  That backstabber is going to pay for this.  It’s time she learned, I give better than I get.”  Anita smiled a frightening, sharp, smile with her fangs fully extended.  “I believe you. I don’t think I have ever seen your eyes that shade of grass green.”  
The ground began to rumble under our feet. The basalt wall behind us began to crumble and slide.  “Finn what are you doing?” I asked nervously.  I examined the cliffs.  It looked like we were about to be buried under tons of volcanic rock.  
“C’mon, that isn’t me.  This is sloppy. I’m still learning, but I’m better than this,” he answered.  “Okay, you’re right, I’m sorry.” I looked around at our location at the bottom of the basin.  “We are sitting ducks down here, we have to move,” I panicked.
“Trust yourself,” the wind whispered.  My confidence grew, and I realized it was my father.  I took a deep breath, and grabbed Finn and Anita’s hands.  “Finn can you hide us in a fog?” I asked.  “No problem.  Thick fog coming up.” 
Finn’s eyes paled to a light, almost white, blue.  At the same time a thin mist began to gather around his feet.  His eyes brightened marginally, and the fog thickened. He dropped our hands, exhaled sharply and pushed his arms out forcefully in front of him.  The action sent a wall of opaque fog filling the basin and tumbling into the tree line on the cliffs above us.
I turned to Anita, and held out my hand with a closed fist.  I opened it to reveal a flickering green spark.  Anita nodded; closed her brown eyes firmly, scrunching her brows in concentration, and re-opened them to reveal burning bronze.  In her hand she held a matching bronze spark.
We smashed our hands together, and an explosion of awareness rushed through all of us.  As the only descendent of an original supernatural, I was not only a witch. I had the powers of a necromancer, and the bloodlines of shape shifters.  I could use my origins to connect all of us together in a spell.  Vampires were a creation of necromancers, but I was too new to using these powers, so I couldn’t link to Grey, but Anita could.  
When our magical sparks, the symbol of our supernatural essence, combined our coven became one living being.  All of our senses were connected together. There were cool effects that made it easier to see each other from far away.  Grey’s black eyes glowed like polished onyx, like they were lit from behind.  Dean’s cougar eyes glowed a fierce yellow-green.  The most important result was Finn could attack, and not hurt our two members on top of the cliff.
Finn reached out to Anita and I. He bowed his head in concentration.  We began to spin, slowly at first, and then nauseatingly fast.  It was all I could do to maintain my grasp on his hand.  Finn continued to concentrate, while we rose into the air, spinning in a magical tornado.  All of our magic wove together flashing and flickering, creating a dizzying display of flashing lights.  I tried to shove it into Finn, to increase his abilities, but the harder I tried the brighter and faster the lights became.
On my left I could feel Anita’s nausea. She was as sick as I was. On my right I felt Finn’s concentration and confidence.  He squeezed our hands and we both closed our eyes at the same time.  Then I saw what he was doing.  On the cliff, boulders hurdled through the air, and trees bent clawing and thrashing at Angeline, Simone and their vampire army.  
Simone screamed an ear-piercing shriek. I could feel them guarding something.   I opened my senses further, and became flooded with power from very mature powerful supernaturals.  I knew then she had no intention of surrendering.  I also knew we had no choice, except complete victory.  The balance between the natural and supernatural world was in jeopardy.  There wouldn’t be a compromise to end this battle.
I could feel Angeline become aware of my intrusion into their activities.  I quickly snapped my mind shut.  The fog Finn created began to twist and turn in different animate shapes. Simone finally made her move, and she tapped into our magic to do it.
Suddenly Dean, Finn and Anita screeched in agony.  It happened so quickly we fell hard to the ground.  Spirits of all types materialized out of the rapidly disappearing fog.  They gathered what substance was left over from the mist to form their own spectral bodies.
The cacophony of sounds buzzed like angry hornets, dozens of radios, and an angry mob all chattering simultaneously.  The sound grew gradually louder, until the wailing was intense and ear shattering.  Finn and Anita writhed on the ground, barely conscious.  
Anita’s nose began to bleed, and a tiny trickle of blood started to come out of Finn’s left ear.  Their bodies began to convulse, as the spirits slid over their bodies, and wrapped around their limbs.  They moaned, continuing to suffer, despite being unconscious.  
All of a sudden Finn drew a ragged breathe of air.  He forced his eyes open, and clumsily lifted himself off of the ground.  The howling intensified, as ghosts raced past us in a chaotic display of unrest and torment.
Weak, and struggling to remain conscious, Finn lifted his head and stared at me with his deep blue eyes.  His face was smeared with dirt from his fall to the ground, and burned by the late night frost.  His muscles quaked with exhaustion.  Still, he was determined to persevere.  
Finn shouted at the swarming phantoms, “We are not your enemies!  The necromancer lied to you. Listen to me, as protectors of the afterlife pay close attention to what you see here tonight.  If I were an enemy of the world you loved, the world that you swore to protect for the generations you left behind, would I do this?”  Finn finished speaking and placed his hands on the ground, to healing the damage the battle caused to the land.  
Tiny buds of grass pushed themselves out of the semi-frozen ground.  A warm breeze tossed around the scent of wild flowers.  The sound of bugs and birds chirping whispered in the background.  
The growing grass spread out to a thick carpet underneath Anita.  A ring of tiny white and yellow flowers encircled her.  She was encapsulated in unseasonable spring warmth, in the middle of November.  She regained consciousness, and quickly realized what Finn was doing to please the spirits. 
 “I was once like you,” Anita began.  “Or at least I thought that I was.  I was a teenage girl, with normal teenage worries.  Midterms, boy problems, curfew, graduation, college deadlines.  You know normal, every day, boring problems.  I had no idea my father was a wizard.  I was concerned about my salvation. I went to church, most Sundays.  Until, I went to a party with my best friend. I met that monster up there, Alexander, and he changed me into…well…it took me a long time to come to terms with being part-vampire.  Thank God for Grey.  I would never have been able to deal with this on my own.  And, thank all of you for protecting the after life.  Even if I can never go there, I’m glad it is going to be protected for my mother.  You will keep her safe for me,” Anita said with a single tear trailing down her cheek.  
Anita’s speech, and Finn’s display swayed the spirits to see the truth. They bowed solemnly to me, and they walked into the gateway.  The ghost of a little girl, dressed in the traveling clothes of the old West, walked up to Anita.  She reached out her tiny hand and wiped away Anita’s tear.  Then she grabbed her mother’s hand, but before joining the other’s in the afterlife, she turned once more and said, “Don’t worry.  See we are all back together eventually, one way or another.”  The girl looked up to her mother, who nodded in approval, and they both disappeared.
I let the portal close, and looked up to the basin rim.  “Your little trick didn’t work Simone.  Why don’t you come and get me yourself,” I yelled.  Simone screamed hysterically.  “I guess I’ll take that as a no then?” I responded.  “Oh, well.  I was hoping for the easy way, but I guess I’ll have to go up there and drag you down myself,” I shouted.
Simone’s hysteria opened her mind to me and projected plans that she would never have told me if her mind had not been unraveling.  The images in her mind were darker and more evil than I had given her credit for.  I’m not sure why. I knew she orchestrated the murder of students, and the turning of others into vampires, but this went beyond that even.  
She began to chant.  The rumbling happened again, causing more rocks to tumble down the side of the cliff.  The cracking, crunching and groaning continued until a chasm split into the top of the rim.  A growl ripped out of the hole, and flames shot skyward.  Dammit, we trained to fend off misdirected spirits, but it was all smoke and mirrors for her.  She was tying our hands while she conjured something worse.
Out of the flames emerged a being that appeared to be cut from the night sky.  His skin was as pale as starlight, and covered in iridescent scales. He had oily black wings. They appeared almost angelic, with soft looking feathers. Except they were pitch black and had talons on the top.  His eyes held no light, no emotion, and no flicker of anything alive.  They were flat and soulless.  He was beautiful, but behind the beauty there was malice, pain, and destruction.
Simone couldn’t kill us easily, but she hoped to weaken us enough to send us to the underworld.  Grey said there were things worse than death; an eternity of hell is about the worst thing I could imagine.  A demon wouldn’t offer any assistance without a gift.  I searched Simone’s mind, and I saw a sacrificial table constructed from a basalt column.  The large slab of stone was harvested from the cliff face down the trail from us, and hoisted 40 feet to the top.  It was covered with moss and stained orange by oxidation.  
Angeline had magically chained Finn’s parents Hans and Eliana Christiansen, Anita’s dad Carlos Sanchez, and Dean’s cousin Cooper James to the demonic altar.  They were working together as a team, witch and necromancer, each using her abilities to offer a dark gift to this demon.  
Angeline raised a ceremonial blade and began making tiny cuts in her captives so that their blood began to flow down over the altar.  This was the ugliness Anita mentioned, and Finn was going to have to face what was up there.  That table had to be broken to release them.  The chain was made to absorb power.  I looked him deep in the eyes.  I didn’t know how to tell him what he needed to do.  I couldn’t risk Alexander, or someone else overhearing and telling Simone or Angeline what we were going to do.
“So tell me already,” Finn’s voice said in my head.  “Finn?” I questioned.  “I can hear you Chloë. I don’t know how exactly, but how about we figure that out later?  Right now just tell me what I need to do,” Finn ordered.  
“On the top of the canyon Angeline and Simone have a basalt slab they are using as a sacrificial altar.  It is wrapped in a chain charmed to bind and drain the powers of those it traps.  I can’t use magic against it, and using brute force to unlock it will only drain the energy of anyone that tries.  We have to attack it through its structural weakness, the stone slab itself.  You have to break it,” I said mentally.
“Chlo, there is something you aren’t telling me isn’t there?” Finn asked astutely.  I blinked, and swallowed hard, “Uhm, yeah.  Finn, they have your parents.”  He nodded, “I knew they wouldn’t just leave.”  “It isn’t pretty,” I gently touched his arm, “but we’ll save them.  And they will pay for this.”  “Let’s do this then,” he said with a hard edge in his mental voice.  “Finn, Simone has called a demon,” I cautioned.  “I’ll be careful, and I trust you to have my back.  Let’s end this.” 
His bright blue eyes instantly changed into the color of steel.  He strode forward, with determination to match the color of his eyes. His wavy dark hair shined with an almost blue luster, and his skin practically glowed with a pearly sheen.  
“What is he going to do, walk into the rock?” Anita asked sarcastically.  “Shh,” I said, “just watch.”  Finn gently touched the rough, dark gray stonewall, and it unfolded a staircase for him.  “God, has he always been this hot?” Anita asked pretending to fan herself.  “Anita, focus…and no I don’t think he has.”  Anita giggled, “I’m adding that to our ‘Things to discuss when this nightmare is over’ list.”  
Very quickly I turned to Anita, “We have to get Angeline and Simone in the middle of this circle.  Drag them by the hair if necessary.  Kill anyone who isn’t Angeline or Simone, and that is only because it isn’t possible to kill them.” “She is your sister Chloë,” Anita protested.  “No mercy, Anita.  They won’t show you any.  Besides, tonight I’m turning my back on the Du Lac legacy.  My mother knew about this.  They can all go to hell, my mother, my brother, but let’s start with Angeline.”  With that demon up there, it was a very good possibility that was exactly where she would go…  
We thundered up the stairs behind Finn, who was so distracted by the suffering of his parents he did not keep the stairs constructed behind him.  Anita swung herself to the top, by leaping from the stairs to a jagged outcropping, and held a hand out for me. 
 I could have teleported to the top, but I was close to using too much magic.  I knew it was going to take a lot to fight another Du Lac. Especially an older one, even if I was supposed to be stronger.  I needed to rest my magic, or I might actually permanently harm myself this time.  Of course, I hadn’t told anyone how big a toll this was taking on me.  
Anita and I raced after Finn.  Anita flashed through the forest, blurring her shape behind her.  The path was easier to traverse behind Finn.  The terrain made itself accessible to him.  Brambles and bushes untangled and exposed a trail.  Evergreens tucked their branches close so he could pass.  However, I had to run, and duck often.  When I would follow behind him, the trees’ branches snapped back into place, and nearly hit me several times.
Finn and I arrived next to the basalt altar at nearly the same time.  Silently I told him, “I will take care of Simone and Angeline.  You worry about saving your parents and the others.  If I need help, you’ll hear me call Anita.”  
I jumped out of the concealment of the trees and shouted, “Angeline!  Are you ready to face me?” Her aura turned black, not the pink that usually surrounded her.  She placed her hands together like she was going to pantomime a pitch, and conjured a snarling energy ball in the void.  I laughed, “You do think very little of me, don’t you?”  
My eyes flashed green and I hurled her against a tree, with a slight flick of my wrist.  She collided with a crack, and crashed hard to the ground.  “I suppose we can’t all think you walk on water, like mother does,” Angeline spit out.  
A twig snapped, and Angeline smiled expecting Simone to come to her rescue.  I might have been nervous, had Anita not sent me a signal she had Simone tied up.  “I’ve got a surprise for you.  I think you are really going to like it,” she told me telepathically.  Then to give me a clue I felt a playful tug on my hair.  Angeline looked behind her and began to fidget with her long braid, as if she too had the same sensation.
“I was wondering why you would treat a necromancer as your equal.  You, a great Du Lac witch.  I mean you have always considered yourself superior.  So what could Simone have one you to have forged such a partnership?  Unless…it couldn’t be possible…the lock of hair she braided into her own, it affects you. I kept waiting to feel my powers weakened, but it never happened. It was because the spell bound you!  Oh, I love it,” I taunted, and I tossed a jolt of energy right into her stomach.
“Why aren’t you helping us?” Angeline screamed at the demon.  “I am not your servant witch.  My offering is not yet complete,” the demon hissed.  “What good are you then?” Angeline demanded.  “Good?  No.  I can be of no good to you.  If I can receive a benefit here, I might be of assistance, but you have risked much by asking me for that chance. Secure me your sister, and I might consider helping you.”
Angeline’s thoughts swirled in my head.  She was considering what the demon said to her.  She wanted to hurt me. She was tired of being cast aside in the family hierarchy as second best.   But, at that exact moment , she was busy studying the sparks of electricity I was generating at my fingertips.  Garnering her strength, she leapt at me with the ceremonial dagger covered in dried blood.  I stood still and watched my sister try to stab me with the bejeweled knife. 
Angeline sneered when she was inches away from me.  One second I was in front of her watching her absurd physical assault, then at the last second I teleported behind her.  Her thick auburn hair hung in a braid, thick as a rope.  She probably thought it would be convenient to wear it that way tonight.  She was right, except that it was completely inconvenient for her, and quite a resource for me.  
I grabbed a hold of her woven rope of hair, quickly wrapped it around my wrist and pulled her to the ground.  My wand materialized into my other hand, and I heated the dagger until she shrieked and dropped it.  “You must have forgotten I can teleport.  You can’t can you?” I asked sarcastically.  I bent down and whispered, “Are you sure I’m not better than you?”
I dropped my wand back into the sleeve of my sweater, and re-conjured the electricity to my fingers.  “I’m done playing with you Angie.  We are going to end this now,” I told her without feeling.  I shoved my hand hard against her side.  Angeline collapsed.
“Mother won’t approve,” Angeline gasped desperately.  “It’s like you said sis, mother likes me best.  But, unlike you, I don’t give a damn.” 
I began to pull her by her hair toward the edge of the cliff.  Once we got there, Angeline began to struggle.  “You wouldn’t,” she insisted.  “Ask yourself, what would you do?”  Her face became a stone, emotionless mask.  “There is your answer,” I retorted.  
“Yesssss,” the demon hissed. “I will bring so much light here, and every benevolent spirit I can summon, this is the only warning I will give demon,” I advised.  “Such beautiful fury. Join me willingly and you can be my queen,” the demon offered.  “Queen of hell?  Wow, what an offer.  How can I refuse? Let me see, uh, no.  Well, that was actually easy.”  “As you wish precious witch,” the demon responded bowing low.  
He spread out his enormous oily black wings and launched toward me.  A blanket of darkness spread behind him, and hopelessness seeped into my soul.  Fissures in the basalt cliff face opened, and exposed molten rock.  Steam whistled from small openings in the ground.  The pitch of the whistling changed into screams.  
My head started to pound, and stars danced in my vision.  I forced myself to stay standing, but it was an effort I couldn’t maintain for too much longer.  A tiny trickle of blood oozed from my nose, and I wiped it away quickly.  
“It is no use fighting me.  Already you are weakening.  You do not have the strength to fight me.  What holds you here anyway?  Your lover is preparing to leave you.  The boy who claims to love you only wants you when he cannot have you.  Why fight when it is so hard?  Give into me, and the pain will stop,” the demon hissed quietly.
The pain really was excruciating, but giving in was impossible.  I would die first.  The demon forgot there is more than one kind of love.  Grey might leave me, Finn might change his mind, but Anita was here for me too.  I reached inside for that warmth, the spark of friendship.  I let it build until my skin began to tingle, and allowed the love to explode from every pore in my body.  
“It is too bad I can’t take you, but as you said yourself, you can still command the light.  I can only claim those that called on darkness, or can be consumed by it,” the demon commented.  He turned his attention back to my sister and Simone.  I swayed on my feet, but I refused to go down.  I wiped more blood from my nose, and tried to call magic from the earth to hold me off until one of my friends could hold me up.
“Simone, you said this would work!” Angeline accused.  “I…I…tried, but…I underes….” Simone was cut off, because of Anita’s firm grasp on her throat.  “She underestimated us, as did you sister,” I finished for her. My voice was flat and nearly lifeless, but no one noticed.  I grabbed my sister’s braid and resumed pulling her toward the edge of the cliff anxious to end this fight, because I didn’t have much left in me.
Angeline began to claw at the ground, to avoid going over the edge.  Part of me felt sorry for her, but I crushed that feeling. I knew what she would do to me, what she would do to anyone who got in her way.  She had to be stopped.  I drew more electricity to my fingertips.  I let it dance and arc, become stronger than it was the first time. Then, I thrust the leaping currents into her chest.  She passed out this time, and I pushed her off the edge of the cliff.
“Chloë, was that really necessary?” Finn asked puzzled.  I turned around and saw him leaning against a tree.  I couldn’t speak, so I nodded instead.  Finn rushed to me, wrapped his arms around me and stroked my hair. 
 “I’m sorry I won’t judge.  Hell, I actually wanted to do it myself.  God Chlo, my parents…well all four of them…they are in rough shape.  They’ll live, they are healing already, but still…she cut them, and cast spells so they wouldn’t heal and would continue to bleed,” Finn confided, and shuddered. 
“I’m so sorry.  I’m sorry she is my sister. I’m just sorry,” I rasped.  “Shh…don’t do that.  Don’t apologize for this.  You didn’t cause this,” Finn said lovingly.  With his hand he tipped my chin up so I had to look him in the eye.  “Say it,” Finn insisted.  “But…” I protested.  “Chloë, say it,” he said repeated.  “I didn’t cause this,” I said softly.  He smiled his crooked smile, and gently brushed the side of my face with the back of his hand.
 “Chloë, has your nose been bleeding?” Finn asked concerned.  I gulped, and nodded.  “I can hold on a bit longer.”  I stumbled a bit, and he held me up with an arm around my waist.  “Don’t over do it.  We need you.  I need you,” Finn begged.  I gave him a half smile.  “Only to protect my friends,” I parroted his promise from earlier.  “Let us protect you too.”  “Oh I will,” I smirked, “as long as it won’t put you in danger.”  
“Uhmm, I appreciate you two are having a tender moment alone and stuff, but I’ve got two witches down here.  So when ever you get around to it…” Anita said with a heavy dose of sarcasm.  
“When did she?” I paused and thought for a second, “How did she…” “Get Simone down there so fast?  You weren’t my only entertainment.  It was really too bad you didn’t get to see it.  Anita showed off her fangs, and Simone took off running.  I guess with you taking out her partner, she just wasn’t as confident as she usually is,” Finn explained as we descended another one of his temporary staircase pathways.  “Yeah that, and there is a demon waiting to drag them to hell,” I added.
“How did you defeat that demon anyway?” Finn asked.  “By turning myself into a glow stick.  I think he decided to claim the ones that conjured him instead of fighting me.  Now that you have destroyed the altar he doesn’t have much time left before he gets cast back to hell.”  “I think we need to reign in Countess Dracula down there,” Finn said smirking.  
“Are you two going to get your asses down here? This red headed bitch is bleeding and it’s making me hungry,” Anita hollered. “Maybe you shouldn’t have bitten her,” Finn yelled down to Anita.  “Yeah, well you deal with bloodlust.  Besides she totally deserved it,” Anita shot back.  “You bit her? But doesn’t that do something to you?” I asked concerned.  “No, supes are different, apparently.  Luckily too, because I didn’t exactly know that before I did it.” 
When we made it to the bottom I noticed Dean and Grey still hadn’t returned.  “Where’s everyone else?” I asked.  “Dean is taking my parents, Carlos and Cooper to a safe spot that he knows.  Carlos is nearly healed, and he will be able to defend the others once they get there.  Afterwards, Dean will come back here.  I haven’t seen Grey since he chased after Alexander a couple of hours ago,” Finn replied.
“Let’s get this done, and go find Grey,” I urged.  “Are you sure? There has to be something we can do.” Finn said concerned.  “I wish there was.  I hate this.  I want to go find him now.  He could be in danger, but what good would it do him if we let those two conniving bitches go?”  I asked, hoping Finn had a solution that would let me go after Grey.  Instead Finn shrugged.  I sighed. “That’s what I thought.  No, we do what we have to.”  
Finn and Anita drug Simone and Angeline into the center of the circle.  Once they were in place Eli reappeared from the spirit zone where he was protecting the ceremonial jar.  He put it in place, and the circle began to hum.  The lines of magic connecting each artifact became visible, and created an inescapable cage.  I walked over to the jar, took the ceremonial dagger from my father, and pricked my finger.  I added drops of my blood to fall onto the blood added by Grey and Anita.  
Eli began his chant, low, almost inaudible. Anita and Finn each grabbed one of my hands.  We levitated a foot off the ground, and began to chant in unison.  “Take from them what has been misused, protect those they would abuse.  With our blood we bind thee.  With these elements we return you to humanity.” The words flowed through us, like we were fated to cast this spell at this time.
Angeline and Simone began to glow, bright like lanterns.  Then their magical essence began to trail away from them, and seep into the jar. Angeline’s auburn hair became streaked with strands of silver, and tiny lines appeared on her face.  Simone’s bright red hair dulled to an orange.  A multitude of freckles appeared on her face, and small wrinkles also appeared on her previously youthful face.
Eli placed a lid on top of the jar to prevent the magic from escaping.  He looked me in the eye to prepare me for what he was about to say.  “Chloë, I must go into the spirit realm and leave this with other originals where it can be guarded for the rest of Angeline and Simone’s lives.  I’m sorry I will not be here for the rest of this miserable evening, and that this is not yet over.  Go and find Grey, he is going to need you.”  He kissed the top of my head, and dematerialized into the spirit world.
Simone got up and tried to run away.  I knew what was waiting for her out there.  I could have been kind and stopped her.  I’m sure the hell of living the rest of her life in the Council’s prison was much better than being dragged down into the actual Hell.  However, sometimes we have to face the consequences of our actions.
I saw the black wings of the demon snatch Simone away.  The last sound I heard from her was her scream as he pulled her down with him into the underworld.


Chapter Forty-Six

A thundering crash echoed through the canyon.  Trees snapped, and boulders crunched.  The whisper of quickly racing bodies mingled into the clatter.  A blaze of white raced past the rim.  Grey leapt from the other side of the basin and landed on top of Alexander.  The impact was violent, sending a shower of rock shards into the basin below.  
“Anita, please go help him,” I begged.  She turned to leave, but stopped and asked Finn “Where is Dean?” Finn looked around concerned. “I don’t know. He should have been back by now. I can help Dean better than I can be of any use to Grey.”  “Alright,” she said hesitantly, “but only if you bring him back.”  Finn looked her straight in the eye, and said, “I promise.”  Anita, squeezed Finn’s hand and ran off in a flash.
Finn looked at me worried.  “Come on, don’t look at me like that, you don’t need me.  I’d just slow you down,” I encouraged him to leave me behind.  It didn’t work.  He grabbed my shoulders, and pulled me in close, “You’re right, I can do it without you, but I would like you to stay in one piece. I know you are worried about Grey, and Anita is worried about Dean, but can you just accept I worry about you?  You don’t want me distracted, do you?”  “Now you are just playing dirty,” I replied.
“Be reasonable, I can’t just leave Angeline here unguarded,” I reasoned.  “I’ll take care of that,” a voice said from behind us.  I jumped, even though I immediately recognized the voice.  “Mother. I can’t say I am happy to see you,” I said as I turned around.  “You knew and you didn’t tell me.  Is this why you didn’t want to get involved?  God, and to think I bought into your line about my destiny, when really you couldn’t or wouldn’t get involved in a dispute between your children.  You let me walk into this blind.  I won’t forget that,” I warned.
“Regardless, you did what you were supposed to do.  I am proud of you.  You showed you would make the right decision, no matter how unfortunate the situation,” Marguerite responded without feeling.  “Well that explains why one of your daughters turned into a traitorous bitch, and why this one never wants anything to do with you again,” I responded dispassionately.  
“Why do I feel like you are still trying to work this situation to your advantage?” I asked suddenly skeptical.  “What advantage could I possibly gain?  Think of our legacy, Chloë.  My own child tried to overthrow me.  I realized I was the leak.  I didn’t know it, but that hardly matters. I trusted her Chloë.  I’m sorry, but her betrayal and my ignorance to it cast a stain over our family. The only way I was going to maintain power over the Council was if another one of my children solved this problem,” Marguerite explained.  
I became aware of a thin stream of burning orange light, still close to the horizon.  “She is wasting time,” I blurted out.  “Go to Dean now!” I urged.  Finn ran up the side of the cliff, aided by his abilities.  
“Take her and go,” I demanded.  “There is a very orthodox group of witches and wizards that believe we should separate ourselves from the other supernaturals.  They are quickly gaining influence within the Council.  It is difficult for me to remain neutral on this topic, especially when you insist on carrying out such a flagrant affair with a vampire,” Marguerite admonished.  
“Is that all you care about?  Is everything about control over the Council?” I asked in disbelief.  “I keep the balance.  I make our world possible.  You think I’m cold and unfeeling. I would apologize to you, but I don’t see the need.  I do what I have to do, and I don’t look back.  You’ll understand someday,” Marguerite defended.
“That is where you’re wrong.  I will never understand.  You have wasted enough of my time.  If any of my friends are hurt because of your political maneuvering, you’ll have to face me too,” I warned.  “Tell Grey I warned him,” Marguerite said cryptically. I shook my head at her disgusted, and walked away.
The sky continued to brighten, and I was separated from all of my friends, left alone with my thoughts and my mother. I knew she wanted me to join her on the Council, but I never suspected how far she would go to ensure it.  I never felt more alone.  I finally understood why my father insisted on leaving the ceremonial jar with originals.  I could only imagine what my mother might do if she could access that power.  
I looked behind, and saw Marguerite look up at the sky. She smirked. Obviously satisfied she delayed long enough. She disappeared with Angeline.  I scanned the cliff, and hoped that the heavy shade created by the trees would be enough to give Grey time to find cover.  God save her if it didn’t.
Finn called down to me, he and Dean stood on the edge of the cliff, also nervously scanning the quickly brightening sky.  Dean appeared to be exhausted.  He was back to his human form, hair drenched with sweat, clothes haphazardly put on, and limping slightly.  
I was getting worried he might be more seriously injured, the way he was leaning on Finn for support. Well, until his infectious grin pulled at the corner of his mouth.  I should have trusted Dean to be okay.  That kind of confidence has to be backed by an equal amount of skill. Otherwise, it begins to seem arrogant, and no one would call Dean arrogant. 
I teleported up to the top of the cliff, and fought a wave of dizziness.  Once I joined them Dean asked, his voice uneven with concern, “Where is Anita?”  “She went to help Grey.  I think we need to go too,” I said and glanced toward the sky. “When did that happen?” Dean asked, truly worried now.  
I opened my mouth to reply, but I was interrupted by the violent sounds of a struggle.  Finn crouched down and touched the ground. He stretched his fingers out, and concentrated.  His head snapped up, and he pointed toward the last remaining refuge of shadows.  “There, but we have to hurry.  There is blood on the ground,” he cautioned.
We began to run, with Dean in the lead, tripping over roots, branches and rocks in our way.  Finn tried to get out in front to clear the path for us, but Dean was far too impatient too wait.  Abruptly, he stopped and stood in front of a tree.
I was worried he hurt himself, and needed to rest, until I saw it too.  The trunk of the tree had a fresh swath of bark stripped from it.  Gouges dug from the wood further marred it.  Above was an indentation, with jagged wood cracked away from it, a smear of dried blood and several long strands of chestnut brown hair tangled in the splinters.
Dean’s eyes began to change color, and his pupils began to elongate into the characteristic slits of a feline.  “Dean, no.  You won’t help her by changing now.  You’re too tired. You’ll end up getting hurt, and Finn and I will have to save all three of you by ourselves.”  Dean growled in frustration at me.  “We save Anita first,” he demanded.  “Of course,” I agreed, without hesitation.  
We ran along the path of destruction, afraid of what we would find at the end of the trail.  Anita laid slumped into some bushes, coated in dirt, twigs, and blood.  She appeared not to be breathing, until Dean scooped her up, and she moaned very quietly.  On the right side of her neck there were two deep puncture marks.  
“I’ll be fine,” Anita insisted in a raspy voice.  “Help Grey.  Hurry, he’s running out of time.”  Dean pulled Anita close to his chest, and began to wipe the dirt and blood away from her cheek.  It was then I noticed her eyes begin to glow their hypnotic shade of bronze.  Her fangs began to slide out, and her nostrils flared as if she smelled something appealing.  
“Put her down now!” I screamed.  Dean saw her face, and did as I said.  I started to push up my sleeve on my left hand.  “What are you doing?” Finn asked in disbelief.  “I’m saving my best friend.  Can’t you see the veins darkening in her face?  I won’t let her make the change,” I said indignant.  “Is that even possible?” Finn asked.  “Do you want to take the chance?” I shot back.
“Chloë, n…n…no,” Anita struggled to say.  “You said Simone’s blood didn’t alter you.  We don’t have a choice Anita,” I argued, and shoved my wrist in her face.  She turned her face away, resisting with the last of her strength.  
I turned to Dean and Finn, “Leave.  Find Grey.  Do what you can.  We will both be fine. I promise.  Now go.”  “Chloë are you strong enough for this?” Finn asked nervously.  “I’m not strong enough to fight Alexander right now if that is what it takes to save Grey.  Go, we are running out of time.”  The second they turned their backs, before I mentally prepared myself, Anita sank her sharp incisors into my flesh.  I choked back a gasp, and let my mind absorb the sounds around me.  
At first it was quiet, too quiet.  No animals scurried about, no footsteps carried, only the hush of wind blowing through pine needles.  Then the growl of a cougar broke the silence, and the loud thud of bodies colliding followed.  The battle must have been violent, because the impact shook the ground.  
The bashing and thrashing of bodies continued to accelerate, until there was a sharp crack of breaking wood.  Followed by a keening screeching impact, like someone tried to stab a boulder, and then nothing.
After a handful of seconds, Anita let go of my wrist.  “I’m okay.  Go see what is going on.  I’ll be behind you in a second,” she insisted, her voice clear and strong.  I used my wand to flash a bandage on my wrist, while I tried to run to find the location of the noise.  I was woozy, but I continued to navigate through the forest to find Grey.
I sensed Anita blaze ahead of me, so I followed the whoosh her lighting fast movement created.  I was not expecting what was at the end of the path.  “Oh…Lord!” I exclaimed, when I saw Alexander.  Grey had driven a steak straight through his heart, and pinned him to a large pine tree.  The sun was shining, causing his skin to redden and blister.  He had blood pouring out of his mouth, nose, and ears.  
If he were left there he would surely die, since there wasn’t a single person left to save him.  I hated him, but I couldn’t imagine the hours of suffering he had ahead of him before he died.  There had been enough suffering here for several lifetimes already.  I looked at Anita for permission, and she nodded.  Then I cupped my hands together, conjured a flame, and opened my hands spewing fire in a steady stream.  Alexander caught fire, but the tree he was nailed to did not.  His suffering ended, and so did his reign of bloodshed.
“Remind me never to piss you off again,” Finn said jokingly.  “Sorry, can’t, because I plan on forgetting all of this the moment it is over,” I answered honestly.  “Where is Grey?” I asked, fighting my growing panic.  We heard agonized moans coming from what little shade remained.  
Grey lay on the ground, blood trailing from his eyes, nose, and ears.  He was also choking on blood, as his body began to shut down.  “Damn you Grey,” I admonished, “how the hell could you let it get this far?”  Grey didn’t answer. He was incoherent, and definitely not able to help himself.
We crowded around him trying to block out as much sun as possible.  “What do we do?” I asked at a loss.  “We can’t move him.  He won’t make it if we try,” Anita told us.  “We can’t leave him here!” I snapped.  “We bury him, and hope for the best.  It sucks, but what else can we do?” Finn stated.  
I blinked back tears.  My eyes felt hot, like my eyes were bleeding too.  “Do it,” I said tersely.  Finn raised his hands above his head, with one hand cupped in the other, and separated them forcefully.  A pit opened up next to Grey.  We carefully picked him up and gently placed him in the hole.  “I’ll be back for you tonight,” I whispered.  Then Finn covered him with dirt.
“He’ll heal, Chloë.  No one will bother him today.  We do need to make sure he has some…uhm…supplies waiting when he gets up,” Anita advised.  “Yeah…of course…uhhhh…he has a fridge in his basement with blood from a blood bank.  I’ll just go get that, and a change of clothes, and be back here by dark,” I responded.  
“Let me do it,” Anita insisted.  “You helped me when I needed it, now, let me do this for you.  Trust me, you don’t want to see him that way, and he won’t want you to see it either.”  “Okay, if you think it is best,” I agreed.  She was right, I didn’t want to see him like this ever again. 


Chapter Forty-Seven

When we got to the dorm we fell into our beds, and stayed there until late in the afternoon.  I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong. I was missing something.  It was probably because I didn’t know if Grey was all right.  
I decided to get out of bed, and take a shower.  I gathered my things quietly, because Anita was still sleeping, but when I got back to my room, Anita was gone.  A knock at the door pulled me out of my worry.  I yanked it open and found Finn and Dean impatiently waiting on the other side. 
“Anita is already gone.” “We know, she stopped by while you were in the shower,” Dean replied.  I nodded nervously. She was going to see Grey. I would know soon.  “C’mon, let’s get some dinner, while we wait for her to call,” Dean said, and tossed me my coat.  “I’m not hungry,” I refused.  “Too bad, you’re going,” Finn said forcing me into my coat.  
“Fine, I’ll go, but I’m not eating,” I replied petulantly.  “Chloë you need to relax.  We know you’re worried about Grey, but the dude is like a thousand years old,” Dean pointed out.  “I know…I mean logically I know.  But something feels wrong.  Don’t you feel it?” I asked them.  They both shrugged.  Boys, as Anita would say. They are completely oblivious to everything, unless it’s right in front of them. Even then you have to point it out.
Outside the biting cold of the November night didn’t have the same chill it usually did, since spending an entire night fighting in it.  It almost seemed balmy in comparison to last night.  We took our turns through the dining room line, choosing fully loaded cheeseburgers, fries, and desserts.  It seemed despite my protesting that I was actually starving.  It was probably because I had lost so much blood.  The atmosphere around us appeared loaded with suspicious glances, and fear.  
For the first time, since I got my powers I feared my magic was exposed.  I forced myself to relax and examine everyone around me.  It wasn’t me they were suspicious of, or rather not only me.  Everyone was suspicious of each other.  Simone and Angeline might be gone, but they left fear behind them to fester.
We sat down at a table and picked up a copy of the school paper.  There was an editorial about that horrible Halloween party.  The author questioned whether the water was drugged, or if there were witches and vampires among us.  “Well crap, so much for people being too traumatized to remember all of the details,” I griped.  
“Is there a spell or something that can make everyone forget?” Finn asked.  “Yes, but I think more magic will make this worse. Besides, I don’t think I could cast a spell right now.”  “Are you okay?  You looked really shaky coming down from the hills,” Finn inquired. “So what do we do?” Dean interrupted.  “I think we do nothing.  Or, I guess we can make it look like ergot fungus.  That is what was the Salem witch accusations have been blamed on,” I told them.  
“How do we do that?” Dean asked.  “Now that is the easiest part.  I’m going to take this article, and write what I want it to say, and then I’m going to burn it.  Simple,” I said smugly. Dean pulled a pen out of a pocket of his cargo jeans and handed it to me.  “No time like the present,” he said. 
“I thought you couldn’t cast a spell right now.  Please don’t over do it.  Dean stop encouraging her, she was about to pass out last night.  Her nose was bleeding.  I’m not sure how she didn’t faint.”  “I’m stronger than I was, but the two of you are going to have to join with me so I can cast this spell.  Finn’s right I’m running on fumes.”  “Chloë, Anita will have my ass if I let you hurt yourself.  You don’t have to do this.”  “Yeah I do.  If we don’t clean this up the Council will step in.  We could be exposed, and we would have to leave here.”
I wrote about the Salem witch trials, and the discovery of ergot fungus on their rye crop, and in their bread.  I described how ergot could create hallucinations, along with many other afflictions that were erroneously attributed to witchcraft.  By the time I finished my paragraph, I could have convinced myself there was a scientific explanation behind what had occurred on Halloween.
We finished eating quickly. When we left Dean pulled us toward a trashcan outside.  Out of another one of his cavernous pocket he pulled out a zippy lighter and handed it to me.  I held the article over the trashcan and set it on fire.  Dean and Finn both placed a hand on my shoulders.  I held the corner of the paper until the fire approached my fingers.  I released the cinder flying into the winter wind.  There was a sizzle and pop, and the heaviness of suspicion disappeared.  
“So what happens now?” Finn asked.  “Now we go find a paper.”  We walked back towards our dorm, and inside stacked on the table were the latest copy of the school paper.  Dean picked it up and began to read.
“This is completely different than it was earlier,” he said surprised.  “An off-campus Halloween party became truly horrifying when party goers suffered hallucinations at an 18th street apartment complex, because of a home beer brewing system that became infested with the fungus ergot,” Dean read.  “Anyone who read it earlier will only remember reading this version.  Even the author will only remember this version,” I explained.
The sky had grown steadily darker the entire time we were inside the dining hall.  I stole a glance at my watch.  Already it was one hour past sunset, and still no word from Anita.  Finn nudged me with his elbow, “Come hang out with us in our room.  
I was exhausted, despite having spent the entire day in bed.  If I were human, I would have gone to the hospital and had a blood transfusion, but it wouldn’t work for me.  Instead, I had eaten as much as I could stomach. Despite the iron rich meal, I was still weak.  As we rounded the corner between one set of dorms, and ours, the world slanted sideways.  I didn’t have the strength to stop how fast I was heading toward the pavement. Not only had I used too much magic, but I had also lost too much blood.  I was slipping into a fog, and I couldn’t summon the strength to care.  
“You really have to stop passing out like this,” Finn gently scolded.  I opened my eyes, but I was too weak to speak.  “Finn, look how pale she is,” Dean commented.  “What do we do?” Finn asked nervously.  “I don’t know.  We can’t take her to the hospital,” Dean answered worried.  “I know, but we have to do something.”  “Let’s take her upstairs. She has to have something in her drawers that will help,” Dean said.
“Chloë, stay awake okay?” Finn demanded.  We were back in my room.  I opened my eyes, and tried to stay conscious, but it was hard.  I heard them rifling around my drawers, and I wanted to help, but the urge to sleep was so strong…
“Chloë, knock that off!” Finn shouted and shook me.  “Finn look at her eyes,” Dean said worried.  “Shit,” Finn muttered under his breath.  “Chloë, your eyes are light brown.  You have to help us,” Finn demanded.  In the back of the drawer I had a bottle of ambrosia, the only thing that would help me.  It was my first aid kit. 
Most of the history of supernaturals has been absorbed into myths and legends, but there is a grain of truth in the stories.  In ancient Greece witches and wizards presented themselves to the people as gods.  They reshaped the world the way they wanted it to be, instead of the way it was supposed to be.  They used magic freely and openly, as a result they relied heavily on ambrosia to keep them healthy.
Finn held out three bottles of potions, I reached out one shaky hand and touched the one in the thick green glass, with a gold bottle stopper.  He pulled off the top, and I drank the contents.  I opened my eyes, and revealed a rich dark brown.  “Thank God!” Finn sighed in relief.
I sat up, with some help from Finn.  “Thank you,” I said and squeezed his hand.  “Don’t ever scare me like that again,” Finn scolded.  “Why didn’t you just tell us how much strain you were under?” Dean joined in.  “Would you have let me help Anita if I did?” I asked.  
“I’m glad that you helped her, but I don’t want you putting yourself in danger,” Dean said.  “I won’t do it again dad,” I said with a smirk.  “She’s feeling better,” Finn observed.  “I am, really, and I’m sorry about passing out.  I thought I could handle it, ” I apologized.  
I looked them both in the eye, so they would understand.  “Please, don’t tell Anita about this.  She feels bad enough I had to help her that way, I don’t want her to ever know how difficult it really was for me.”  They nodded in agreement, and I knew they would help me protect Anita.  I didn’t think she would be exactly the same as before. We needed to be prepared.
There was a soft thud and a light tapping at the glass.  We all jumped up, but Dean was closest. He opened the window, and Anita climbed in.  She was completely disheveled, she had mud caked in her hair, under her nails, and all over her face and clothes.  She was crouched on top of the radiator.  In her unkempt state looked more like a feral creature than my roommate.
She jumped down, and pulled a note from her back pocket.  It was also covered in dirt.  I started to wipe it off and open it, but I didn’t need to.  The look on her face said it all.  “I’m sorry,” she said.  “Did you see him?” I asked.  “No, only my father.  I can’t believe he just left.” 
“Finn,” Anita began, “Your parents have left too. I’m sorry that I have to come back here and tell everyone bad news.”  “Anita, don’t worry,” Finn shrugged, “They disappeared before.  At least this time I know that they left because they wanted to.  I’ll talk to them again.”  “Why? I mean we won, so why is everyone leaving?” I asked.  “Well are you going to read that damn thing or not?” Anita asked, pointing at the note.  I thought about it, and realized I wanted to talk to her more than I wanted to read it.  Anita, irritated by my delay, placed her hand on her hip, and glared at me.  I shook my head no.  
“Well, he’s alive,” I muttered. Gone, no good bye, a note left in the dirt, but he’s alive.  I wasn’t quite sure how to feel about that.  Shouldn’t I know?  I should be heart broken right?  So why wasn’t I?  I mean, why did I feel okay?  Well, okay was a stretch, but I wasn’t miserable.  
I looked across the room and Dean was sitting in an office chair.  His hands peacefully rested on top of Anita’s dirt covered jeans.  Anita was sitting on top of her desk, with her feet on the arms of the chair he was sitting in. She had found a brush, and was trying to brush the mud out of her tangled hair.  Across the room, Finn stood quietly and intensely watching me. It hit me with all of the intensity of the first time I saw him.  He was all I could see.  
Just like that I knew I would be fine.  My life would move on.  Did I love Grey?  Yes.  I didn’t even need to take a second to consider it.  But he wasn’t my first love, Finn was.  Was this how I wanted my relationship with Grey to end?  No.  Oddly enough, even though I knew I loved Finn, I still wasn’t completely ready to let go of Grey.  Part of me was still in love with Grey too.  
I knew one of us was going to have to make a choice to end the cycle we were on.  I like control, especially over my own life.  But, now it was done, the choice was made.  This ordeal seemed to start with Grey coming to town, and now that he was gone it felt truly over.  That isn’t fair, but it’s easier for me.  So…yeah, I could live with this.
“You okay? You look lost in thought.” Finn remarked.  “Yeah.  For the first time in a long time, I am.”  I would read the note later, but I already knew what it said.  There was exposure, and the Watchers had to contain it, blah, blah, blah.  I couldn’t be pressed to care.  He made his decision.  I begged him not to, I’m ashamed to admit.  I wouldn’t beg again. It was past time I grew up a little and respected his opinion on our relationship.  If he believed it was hopeless, it was.  
Finn pushed a strand of hair out of my face, “So…” That was a loaded beginning.  “Grey left,” he finished.  It wasn’t an accusation, just an observation.  I looked at him and smiled sadly.  “Finn, I’ve made a lot of mistakes.  I’ve torn myself to pieces trying to figure out what I wanted.  I know I’ve hurt both of you in the process.  Before I even think about getting into another relationship I want to be completely sure.  No reservations.  The next time I’m going to be all in.”  “I can live with that,” Finn said with his mischievous grin.
“I can wait forever for you,” Finn said softly.  “It just so happens we have forever to figure things out,” I said and bumped into his shoulder.  “Friends?” I asked.  “For now,” Finn said his grin taking a devilish quality.  I laughed, “Yeah, you’re probably right.  But, until I’m sure…” “I’ll be right here waiting. And, until then, we will just have to put up with those two,” Finn said and pointed to Dean and Anita.  
Anita had snuggled herself into Dean’s lap, and they were busy making up for lost time. I laughed, “Yeah, it looks like everything is back to normal.”  Without skipping a beat Anita tossed a pillow at us, and knocked me over.  
“At least now we only have to fight cheerleaders,” Anita said laughing.  I couldn’t help joining her.  After all of the stress, and the fighting we finally got to be college students.  It felt good.	
Epilogue

Grey
I hadn’t really planned to leave, but I wasn’t given a choice.  I remembered the searing pain of being burned as the sun arose, before the elf dumped me in a hole.  I don’t like him, but it was actually a good idea. However, instead of waking up in the woods and meeting up with Chloë, I found myself in a wooden coffin.  
At first I thought that they devised another plan, and brought me home.  Then I looked around and realized I was in the cargo bay of a plane headed across the Atlantic.  
“It has been a long time Grey,” a voice said from the dark.  I laughed relieved, it was Carlos.  I was in no shape to fight, and I had nowhere to run.  “How are you, old friend?” I asked him.  His lip crooked upwards in a humorless smile.  
“Naturally I am grateful your coven rescued us.  Unfortunately a new danger has presented itself, which has cut my celebration rather short I’m afraid.  Some human practitioners, wiccans, were killed recently.  Some were drowned, hung and others were burned at the stake.  These seem like isolated incidents because they are occurring around the world, but it is the work of one group. In the blood of the victims, at each crime scene is written malleus maleficarum. The auto-da-fé has re-emerged.”  
“I gather this danger is the reason I’m on this plane.  Am I right?” He nodded.  ““Witch hunters? Now?  I thought all of that ended with the Renaissance?” I asked astonished. “Unfortunately it has returned.  Thanks to Simone, Angeline, and Alexander.  Now we need to go to the Council and receive our instructions.  Also, we need to take you to some witches who specialize in healing.” 
I really was not interested in seeing Marguerite Du Lac after all of her maneuvering. We handled the last crisis we could handle this one too.  “They have called for the Watchers,” Carlos informed me.  “Obviously.”  It was only natural that the Watchers would come back together to protect our world.
The Watchers protect supernaturals from humans that try to destroy the balance.  This had been part of my life since I settled in America, but this was the first time I was reluctant to fulfill my duty.
I ignored Chloë for the last few days.  I’m not perfect. I avoided her because I was sure she was going to leave me.  Living for a millennium hasn’t made me unusually intelligent, because I realize now my actions probably pushed her away.  Worse even, pushed her to him.  After the disaster of Halloween, Marguerite threatened she would stop at nothing to have Chloë and I split apart.  I knew better than to challenge her, I would lose.  
Chloë deserves more than to tie herself to a vampire.  I know her stubbornness would keep her from leaving me.  She does love me, I know she does, but she isn’t in love with me.  She just hasn’t realized it yet.  We can never have children. I can’t give her the life she will eventually want.
Leaving Chloë, no matter how sure I am it was bound to happen, feels wrong. But, if I can allow her some peace and keep her safe, I can live with it.  I can do this for her.  

***************
Stay tuned for Central Coven 2 Burning coming late 2013!


About Me

I have always dreamed of being a writer.  So naturally I pursued first my bachelor's then my master's in history.  Ok, so I had always dreamed of being a writer, but there was a time I fully planned on going to law school. Then I got married, became a mother, and somewhere switched paths. 
I prefer unique characters.  I am multi-ethnic, and am drawn to people of different cultural backgrounds.  I am Mexican/Scotts Irish/and Native American.  I speak Spanish and French, and I return to characters from these cultures over and over. 
I've discovered life is a journey we learn about along the way. My writing is the same.  I have a goal in mind, but my characters take on their own life and have their own ideas about how to live them.  I enjoy travelling with them.  I'm glad life doesn't always turn out the way you plan.
Follow me on my blog, http://kdcarrillo.blogspot.com/.

