
Single Wolf Female
By
Jessica Sims
Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2013 by Jill Myles

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in
any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author.

Chapter One

There were certain things expected of a werewolf alpha female: take care of the pack, exert leadership, change to wolf form with ease. Appease the alpha male. Dominate the females of the pack.
Filling out a dating profile for lonely women? Not on the list. Not even close.
To make matters worse, I was embarrassingly bad at filling out the profile. I chewed on the end of my pen-cap with vigor as I re-read the line of questions on the form, loathing the process with every fiber in my wolf-being.
I am a ______ seeking a ________.
My brain filled in the obvious. I am an idiot seeking a clue, or else I wouldn’t be here. Instead, I wrote down ‘woman’ and ‘man’ in the blanks, and then frowned. Could I be any more vague? I scratched them out and wrote above them ‘wolf female’ and ‘companionship.’
The next question was even worse. Body type: __________.
What the heck did they want there? Tall? Short? Female? Werewolf? Alive? Or was it what I wanted in a man? Would ‘breathing’ qualify? I resisted the urge to snarl at the paper and placed the end of the pen in my mouth again, chewing hard with anxiety.
The woman seated across from me at the small desk stopped typing and gave me a faint smile. “Did you have a question about the form?” Her gaze flicked to the mangled pen in my mouth, then back to my face again.
Oops. I kept forgetting that the employees here at Midnight Liaisons were human. No wonder she was so uncomfortable at the sight of a wolf with a chew toy. I yanked the pen out of my mouth and gave her a reassuring smile. “Just thinking.”
“About the form?”
“Yeah. I, um, want to make sure my answers are right.”
“Take your time.” She returned back to her typing with a smile of her own, and my estimation of her went up a notch. As frightened humans went, this one seemed less fazed by my snarly attitude than most. She wore a distracted expression on her round face and looked about my age. Except I was wearing jeans and a ratty Star Wars t-shirt and my hair was a stringy, unkempt mop of dark brown waves. She, on the other hand, was dressed in a baby pink sweater, black skirt, and her hair was pulled up in a long, pale blonde ponytail. She didn’t wear perfume, which allowed me to catch the barest whiff of were-cougar on her despite the cloying human scent.
Judging from the pictures on her desk (most of them of her with her arms around a very large wildcat), she was either married to a shifter or had a thing for hugging dangerous animals. I was going to guess the former, given that she worked at a shifter dating agency.
Interesting. I didn’t pay much attention to stuff outside of werewolf politics, but I didn’t realize that the Alliance – or whatever they were calling themselves – allowed that sort of thing. Humans were usually seen as…well, a bit…unwelcome. Not quite unsanitary, but not quite worthy of notice, either.
The woman glanced back over at me with a slightly wry smile that put me at ease. “I don’t show we have your pack in our database – is this the first time you’ve signed up with any Alliance-related business?”
I clasped the paper tightly, mangled pen clutched between my fingers. “The Savage pack is very…traditional. This is my first time applying at a dating agency. You’re the only one I know of that deals with shifters, and there’s no way I’d be caught dead with a…” the word died in my throat.
I was going to say ‘human’ because, well, they smelled way too human and they didn’t understand shifters. Dating one would be like dating your weird cousin Ralphie. It would reek of desperation and make you the laughing-stock of the entire community. No matter how hard up you were for prom, you never went to Ralphie-level. But then I glanced back at the happy pictures on her desk. On one, the cougar was licking her face as she smiled into the camera.
Maybe the Alliance was growing more accepting of humans? I mean, this one seemed nice. She couldn’t help that she was born human. I suppose. “First time,” I repeated. “Wolves sort of keep to themselves.”
She gave me a gentle look and nodded at the form in my hand that was becoming crumpled around the edges with my rough handling. “What did you have a question on?”
I set the paper down and pointed at one line in particular. I noticed as I pointed that I’d shredded the plastic end of the pen with my teeth. I probably had blue all over my mouth now. “Um,” I said uncomfortably, wiping at my lip with the sleeve of my shirt. “It says ‘status’ here…you mean like alpha, right?”
She blinked at me, her eyes slightly owlish in her pale face. “Alpha? Oh. No. We don’t normally ask that of our applicants.” She took the paper away from me and studied it. “It’s for ‘single’ or ‘networking’ or ‘in a relationship’ or things like that. So people know by looking at your profile what exactly that you want out of connecting with them.”
“Oh.” I stared down at the paper. Well, that was dumb. And useless. It should have been about pack status, not networking. “Single.”
She smiled at me again, that same shy, almost reluctant smile. “I don’t see why we wouldn’t ask about pack status,” she said in a brisk voice that belied her delicate, girly sweater and wide eyes. “Makes sense. We don’t get a lot of wolves, I’m sorry to say. It would be easy to update the forms though.” She seemed intrigued by the thought.
“Great,” I offered, not sure what else to say. So she didn’t get a lot of wolves. Either that was code-speak for ‘you’re the only loser wolf I have’ or she was lying to make me feel better. I sure hoped it was option two.
“Great. We can fill out the rest of the form as we go. I’ll start entering in your profile.”
I nodded as she turned back to her computer and glanced at the stuff on her desk. Bathsheba Ward-Russell, her desk plate read, and the name sounded vaguely familiar, but I couldn’t place it. The Savage pack was kind of cut off from the rest of the world lately.
Was I supposed to know who she was? The thought depressed me as I wiped my lip, looking surreptitiously for blue ink. Some alpha female I was. The male alpha dies and instead of me holding everyone together, I was falling to pieces and desperately seeking help at a dating agency.
She began to punch things into her keyboard. “So are you interested in another wolf?”
Not really, if I was being honest with myself. I had so much on my plate right now that I wanted to run away more than anything else. I wanted some time to myself, time to recreate myself, to be just Alice, instead of the Savage alpha. Cash’s sister. And being in this dating agency office, seeing the posters of happy couples hugging? Seeing Bathsheba’s picture of her with her arms around the cougar and the look of intense happiness on her face? Maybe I wanted something like that.
Except that I was out of options. “Yep. I need a male wolf.”
She leaned forward and her long ponytail plopped onto the papers there, sending out another wave of human scent that tickled my nostrils. “We don’t have a lot of wolves in the Alliance yet,” she murmured, her voice low, as if sharing a secret. “We’ve had some, ah, boundary issues.”
AKA, wolves didn’t play well with others that weren’t wolves. I knew that already. But I feigned ignorance. “Oh?”
“Yes.” She didn’t go on for a moment, and then added, “They’re not very fond of my husband. He’s a cougar.”
“Ah,” I said, and turned back to the monitor, dread gnawing at my stomach. I’d made a mistake coming here. No wolf in their right mind would show up at a dating agency that was ran by humans and populated by were-cats. What was I doing here? Frustrated, I grabbed my purse and began to tense my legs, rising from the chair.
“So are you looking for an alpha?” Bathsheba asked in a friendly voice. “Since you’re not interested in dating outside of the wolf-packs?”
“Yes. Do you have one?”
That coiling in my stomach wasn’t hope, was it?
Bathsheba pursed her lips and then turned the monitor screen back to her. “Well, I don’t know for sure. I can call all of the profiles and ask them their designation, and then get my webmaster to update their profiles. It might take a few hours but if you like, I can get it finished by the end of the business day. Like I said, we don’t have that many wolves in our system. Probably about a dozen.”
“That would be wonderful,” I said, getting out my debit card. “How much extra will it cost?”
She shook her head at me and gave me a faint smile. “No charge. But I do have a request.”
Oh, here we go…my hackles rose slightly.
“If you do find an alpha, I’d like to ask both of you to talk with my husband about your pack possibly joining the Alliance. We’re looking to strengthen our ties with the local wolves and can’t seem to get a toehold in the door. Nothing much, I promise. Just dinner and discussion. No pressure.”
Ugh. That had all the appeal of a timeshare sales pitch, but I desperately wanted the list of alphas she could get me. “You got it.”



Chapter Two

An hour later, my own profile was posted with a bad photo of me that looked more like a mug shot than a plea for a date, and I drove my F150 back to Little Paradise, Texas.
By the time I’d pulled the truck into the driveway of the Savage house, my phone had rang three times. I let them all go to voicemail, every single ring filling me with dread. If one of the pack needed me, they’d text. Trina had them all addicted to texting.
Only strangers called anymore. Strangers, and bill collectors.
The lights were off as I drove in, but again, no surprises. Since Cash’s death, the kids in the pack had seen my pain. Seen me struggle. Watched the house fall down around my ears. They’d found ways to be scarce, to give me time to grieve. Even Holly spent most evenings god-knows-where with baby Eddie, just so I could have alone time. They were all on skittish footing around me. As a result, my normally warm, enormous house lay cold and empty.
Some alpha I was. Couldn’t even take care of myself, much less my pack. Disgusted with myself, I hopped out of the car and onto the gravel driveway.
The scent of the evening air carried with it the faint hint of rain, a stray cat or two, and the sour smell of the garbage cans around the back of the house. I mentally berated myself for not putting out the cans – I’d never done it before. Cash had taken care of it, and I’d forgotten which days were garbage pickup and which weren’t. Now I’d have to smell two-week old milk. Ugh. My wolf-nose could smell it from all the way across the yard.
With my car under the carport, I hurried to the front door, stomped up the wooden steps and the wrap-around porch of my father’s three-story house, and locked the door firmly behind me. There was no scent of anyone recently nearby, but it was hard to tell, since my property always smelled like wolves.
The interior of the house was equally depressing. Wilted bouquets of flowers covered every surface, filling the air with the thick musk of old, dried roses. I hadn’t bothered to get rid of them yet, and at least they masked the scent of the garbage outside. The walls were bare now, and it always startled me to see that and the faded spots on the wallpaper. I’d taken down all the pictures of Cash after he’d died, just like when Mom had taken down all the pictures of Dad when he’d passed on, and then I’d done the same when Mom had died a few months later.
Werewolves weren’t much for changing routines.
The house was a disaster – laundry piled up on every surface, some mine, some belonging to the pack kids. Some was Cash’s, but I couldn’t bring myself to touch it. Ditto the dirty dishes and stacks of pizza boxes – they crept over every inch of free space in the living room. I ignored all of it.
Inside the house, under the stink of rotting flowers, there was a bitter, musky scent in the air that I couldn’t place. I noticed it as I put down my keys and headed to my bedroom. It was very slight and I ignored it as I entered my study, flipping on the computer and sitting at my desk. Probably something else rotting. I wasn’t exactly going to win any housekeeper of the year awards at the moment.
And though I didn’t want to, I pulled my cellphone out of my pocket and glanced at the screen.
One message out of all three calls.
The hairs on the back of my neck prickled at that, and I suppressed the low growl that rose in the back of my throat.
I clicked the ‘Missed Calls’ icon. One number was Len, calling from jail. Probably wanting to know when I’d bail his ass out, and I wasn’t in a rush over that one – not while I didn’t have a male alpha securely at the head of the pack. Len had his eye on Cash’s old position, and I wasn’t eager to jump into bed with Len. Just the thought made my stomach churn. The next call was from one of the kids – surprise, surprise – Holly’s number. The most sensitive of my small pack, she’d been feeling out the waters on a regular basis, and I guessed that she was reporting back to the others if I’d gotten over my sorrow yet.
Not yet. I didn’t know if the ache in my chest would ever go away. My brother – and co-leader of our small pack – was dead. Car accident. Such a mundane thing to happen to a werewolf, but it killed him just as dead as any human. It left a sick feeling in my stomach every time I thought about it. I pushed it at the back of my mind, resolving to call Holly back shortly. The others wanted to know what was going on with their pack, and with the upcoming full moon.
By the time the full moon hit in a few days, I either needed to concede the pack to Roscoe and get the hell out of dodge, or find a new alpha before I ended up as Roscoe’s bitch. Literally. He’d usurp my pack in a heartbeat, leaving us helpless and bent to his will. He’d already made his intentions known, and just thinking of him taking over curdled the contents of my stomach.
The female alpha always mated with the male alpha.
There were a few exceptions, of course. Like siblings that were alphas. Myself and Cash had fallen into that category. Our father had been the alpha of the Savage Pack, our mother the female alpha. When they’d died, we’d moved into their places without a ripple stirring amongst our small pack. The Savage pack had always been an eclectic mix, but with turnover and deaths and some wandering away for a new pack, we suddenly found ourselves an incredibly young pack overnight. Len was two years younger than me. Holly, Spence and Trina were all young. Joanne was barely twenty before she’d up and left the territory behind because she couldn’t finagle the position of female alpha away from me. She’d left baby Eddie in Cash’s care as a replacement for her spot in the pack. That left Carlos, our omega. He was the only elderly person we had, and he’d been fifty before his death in the same car accident that had taken Cash. They’d been coming back from one of the Oklahoma casinos, both drunk as skunks, and ran off the road.
It had left me with a pack of children and grieving my brother’s death.
It had also left me vulnerable. As an alpha female with no male, I was at the mercy of the strongest male werewolf that came into our territory. As an alpha female, I could resist, but only for so long, before I succumbed to the stronger will of the alpha male.
And Roscoe had made it clear that he intended for my alpha to be him. I had a guess as to who had left me the message on my phone, too. With the sour taste of dread in my mouth, I clicked ‘Voicemail’ and listened.
“Hello there, sweet tits,” Roscoe drawled into the message, and I lost my breath. “You know what two days from now is, right? Full moon. Perfect time for a couple of alphas to get to know each other.”
“I just threw up in my mouth,” I muttered to the phone as the message rattled on.
“See, we both know how the law of the pack goes. Your wolves need a male alpha and a female alpha for things to run smoothly. Can’t function with just one, you know. And I happen to be a male alpha, and, well, pretty sure that you’re a female alpha. So maybe you should just accept fate and wear something pretty on the next full moon. I like my women dolled up—“
I deleted the message in disgust. Roscoe was vile. Worse than vile.
He was also correct. The law of the pack meant that if I didn’t do anything to find an alpha, he could show up and challenge for dominance on a pack run. If I couldn’t find anyone to out-alpha him, he’d assume my pack and I’d have no choice but to submit to him. A pack needed two leaders, and it especially needed a male alpha. I could exert my will over the men to a certain extent, but in the end, they’d constantly test dominance, and the moment I failed to dominate one of them, I’d be under him in all ways.
That was how it worked.
I hated how things worked.
The Windows chimes sounded on my computer as it booted up and I tapped in my password with shaking fingers. That asshole Roscoe had known just how to bug me, to make me tremble with hatred and loathing.
Never had I felt so helpless and out of control.
My email dinged and I felt the dread well up again. Not email too? The messages in my box, however, were safe. A few emails checking in from the pack, and one from Midnight Liaisons. Probably my password or something.
When I clicked on it, though, I saw a personal message from Ms. Ward-Russell.
Ms. Savage, it read. All profiles have been updated with pack ranking. If you do a search for ‘wolves’ you should see all candidates with that designation and their ranking. I hope this helps you. Good luck and I will check back in a few days to see how things are going. – Bathsheba.
Well, well. Bathsheba had included a link to the Midnight Liaisons website at the bottom of the email and I clicked on it. The site itself was nondescript and comprised of blue tones and a familiar unity symbol that I recognized as the Alliance symbol. I typed in the username and password she’d assigned me and it moved into the website, displaying a list of featured profiles for the week. A harpy, smiling tremulously for the camera. A vampy-looking cat shifter. A were-boar that matched his creature – stout and hairy. Ugh. Nothing that appealed to me.
I clicked on the ‘My Profile’ link at the top. Ugh again. My hair looked unkempt and my eyes had dark circles under them. I’d lost too much weight and my collarbones stuck out. And men were supposed to look at this and want to date me? The woman in the picture looked skittish and strung out.
I’d noticed that Bathsheba had thoughtfully left my own pack ranking off my profile – I sensed that was a deliberate measure for privacy, and I thanked her mentally for it. Clicking on the search engine, I began to type in my criteria.
Male (duh). Werewolf. I left age, marital status blank – those didn’t matter half as much as finding an alpha that wouldn’t rape me and try to destroy me if he got a hold of my pack. I’d take an old geezer with a wife any day, just as long as I got to stay with my pack. Just as long as we were together. I could learn to be subordinate. I could learn to like a threesome.
I guess.
It was the subordination part that was really sticking in my craw. Even the thought of being subordinate to another alpha like Roscoe made me ill.
The hourglass on my cursor turned slowly, and I stared at a hair removal pop-up ad. A joke? It didn’t matter – two seconds later, thirteen profiles popped up on screen with small text boxes. The first one had a tiny picture attached to it, so I clicked on the profile.
The guy in the picture seemed decent looking – a bit more gray and whiskery than I’d care for, but he seemed stout and well-muscled (unless all that extra flesh was fat). His profile said he was in Texas, though I didn’t recognize him from any of the nearby packs. Not that we got along with any of those, mind you. Still, the man had a kind face, he wasn’t related, and he wasn’t Roscoe. He had potential.
There was a small flashing button at the bottom that said “New!” next to the field labeled ‘Pack Status’.
Drat. He was a beta. A strong second in command, but not what I was looking for. I closed the profile and moved to the next one. I had to have an alpha. I already had a bunch of boys that would make a great beta.
After flipping through several more profiles, I came to a rather irritating conclusion. Every wolf knew that there was only one beta in every pack – the second in command to an alpha – and yet every guy I’d clicked on so far had listed ‘Beta’ as his pack standing. In other words, they were big fat liars, just like when they listed a height of six foot (when they clearly were not) and ‘packing a little extra baggage’ when clearly the extra baggage could kill a small horse.
Sigh.
I did run into one guy that was brave enough to list himself as just a ‘pack member’, but he also stated that he wasn’t looking for another wolf. That was just as well – I’d have had to have a serious talk with any one of my pack that put their profile up for this ridiculous service.
Of course, I had to eat those words a few moments later when I ran across Len’s profile (also listed as beta, which he clearly was not). I made a mental note to tan his hide the next time I saw him.
My next two profiles did not have pictures. I took those to be a bad sign. Still, I was getting desperate, so I clicked on the next one. More of the same – beta, beta, beta. Maybe this had been a stupid idea after all.
The last, however, made my breath catch.
There was no picture, but the age was 29 – 5 years older than me. The description said six foot (again) and lean.
Best of all, the status had a big fat capital “A” in it.
Did that mean what I thought it meant?
I clicked on more information on his profile. Wasn’t local. From South Carolina, recently moved out to Texas. Well, wasn’t that a stroke of luck. Maybe he’d stay around if I offered him the head of my pack.
Did I really want to do that? I stared down at the phone number listed on the page, the personal stats blurring in front of my eyes. None of that mattered if he could keep my pack safe. What if he was worse than Roscoe?
I greedily scanned the profile, looking desperately for more information. Star Sign: Taurus. Who cared? Personality: Laid back, easy-going, friendly. Looking for: a like-minded woman.
Well shit. This guy was all wrong. First of all, I didn’t know a single alpha that was ‘easy going’. And if he was looking for a like-minded woman? It wouldn’t be me. Stubborn as a mule was more like my personality type. He was probably lying about his pack status.
Still, I had to know.
I flipped open my cell, dialed the number. It went directly to voicemail, and I lost my nerve. I clicked my phone off before leaving a message and blew out a deep, nervous breath. I needed a drink of water. My mouth was so dry I felt like I’d start panting.
I moved away from the computer and stripped off my jeans as I did, tossing them down in the already messy hallway. I hadn’t done much today except go to the dating agency, but I still felt exhausted both mentally and physically. It was the first time I’d gone out since Cash’s death, and it had drained me.
I needed a drink of water, and then maybe a nap.
My phone buzzed, but I chose to ignore it. Whoever called me, I sure wasn’t interested. I put the phone down and left it.
Distracted by the thoughts of who could be calling me, I missed the cloying scent in my kitchen – the faint undercurrent behind all the heavy stink of dried flowers – until I was almost upon it.
Then, I gagged.
There in the center of my kitchen floor lay all my lingerie. Bras, panties, and stockings had been tossed together into a neat little pile. And the neat little pile had been ‘marked’ with semen. Repeatedly. So many times that the semen left milky trails on the tile on the floor.
And amidst those trails, someone had bent down and drawn a heart in the thick fluid.
A message for me. I knew from who - Roscoe.
Disgusting. I choked back vomit, looking away. He’d broken into my house and left me this rather drippy message as a clear reminder that I wasn’t safe from him. That I couldn’t hide out even in my own house.
And judging by the lingering scent in the air and the…wetness of the message, he’d been here recently.
He planned on taking over my pack. Taking over me. He’d challenge the boys, and anyone that came close to matching him in domination? He’d run them off, or worse. I thought of Spence and Len and baby Eddie, barely 8 months old. They’d be in danger. It’d be worse for the girls; they wouldn’t be safe from him. I wouldn’t be safe from him.
The online Alpha was my only hope, unless I planned on showing throat to Roscoe.
And I’d fucking die before I did that.


Chapter Three

Time to call that alpha again. Swallowing my pride and my disgust, I ran back up the stairs and grabbed my phone. I glanced at the screen – two calls from out of the area numbers.
Hmm. That didn’t sound like Roscoe, or anyone in my pack. Who could it be? Another one of Cash’s bill collectors? I hit call-back, curious.
A man answered, his voice smooth as buttermilk. “Who’s this?”
Well, that was abrupt. I frowned, my fingers tensing on the phone. “You called me.”
“You called me first,” he said in that same lazy, unhurried fashion that just went all over me.
When had I called this stranger? A tiny, foggy thought slipped through my distracted mind – I’d called a number and hung up before leaving a message.
The man from the dating agency.
The snarl emerging in my throat died a second later. “Oh. Is this…” I struggled to remember the name on the alpha’s profile. A city. Something about a city… “Jackson?”
“You got me.” Another bland statement. Unruffled, almost bored. Kind of an odd stance for an alpha to take, now that I had thought about it. I felt a tiny bit of my hopes die – I needed an alpha, not another pretender.
That moved me past irritation and straight into rage. “Your dating profile. You put an ‘A’ in your status. Is that bullshit? You might as well tell me.” I put force into my tone. No one in my pack would be able to stand against me in an argument for long when I exerted my will.
He seemed a little amused at my high-strung demands. “What about it? If you don’t want an alpha, sister, don’t call me.”
Alpha? Sister?
The term was irony itself and a slap to the face. How many times had Cash jeered me with the same term?
I forced myself to calm, blinking back tears of frustration and sadness. “So you’re really an alpha?”
“That’s me.”
He wasn’t a man of many words, it seemed. I swallowed my pride again, and a small sigh escaped me. “I need you.”
“That’s flattering,” he said with a chuckle. “Mind explaining?”
He had a drawl, a southern one, but it didn’t sound like he was born to it. I noted that, mentally sizing up my prey.
“Do you have a pack?” I asked. Packs split and ruptured all the time, children with strong aggressive personalities striking out to head up their own packs.
There was a pause on the other end, as if he were gauging me as well. “I might, I might not. Why do you ask?”
My heart thumped painfully with excitement. Hope. “I have a pack,” I rushed out. “Our male alpha died a few weeks ago and I don’t have anyone to take his place. Unless I can get another alpha to lead us by the next full moon, we’re going to be taken over by another alpha.”
Again, the slow pause. “I take it that’s not to your liking?”
“It’s not,” I breathed, a wealth of tension in that small sentence.
“You the female alpha?”
I knew what he was asking – did I come with the package, or would I step down for his own mate? I bristled at that – he could bring a woman if he needed to (Cash had Joanne, after all) but I intended on keeping my spot at the head of the pack. There was also a careful law of dominance to be followed – I had to be stronger than all the other females in the pack and most of the males, but the male alpha needed to be stronger than me. If I could dominate this man, there’d be an uproar and the pack would continue to be unsettled.
“I’m the female alpha,” I confirmed. “I stay.”
I knew what that meant for me, too. Accepting this man as my alpha, into my pack and not being related to him? There was only one position for a female alpha that wasn’t related – that of mate. Not only would I be taking a stranger into my pack, and giving him the care of my family, but I’d be giving myself to him as well.
But then again, my other option was Roscoe.
“Are you interested?” I said flatly into the phone.
There was a moment of silence, and I could hear typing on the other end of the phone. “What’s your profile number?”
“Does it matter?” I said, my tone fierce. “It doesn’t matter if I’m ugly or old as the hills – I’m offering you the chance to lead a pack, if you’ve got the balls for it.”
To my surprise, he chuckled. “Ah, the female alpha. Delightful as ever.”
For some reason, that made me blush. I’d worked hard to cultivate my mixture of bossy domineering and motherliness for my pack and my position as head female (but not mate) to Cash. And because I wasn’t mate, I was used to being challenged…and winning.
“Are you taking what I’m offering or not?” I asked.
“Where you located?” he asked. “We’re passing through Waxahachie.”
‘Passing through’ was a polite term for ‘haven’t found a permanent pack yet,’ and I felt a bit of relief to hear that, though it quickly disappeared when my brain registered the ‘we’re’ part of his words. So he wasn’t alone. I should have guessed. Still, I could challenge whatever female he brought with him.
I was ready for her. I’d fight for my pack.
“I’m in Little Paradise, northwest of Fort Worth,” I told him. “Can you get here soon?”
“Maybe, why? Full moon’s not for a few days.”
I glanced back at my kitchen, and felt the same skin-crawling shudder of revulsion sweep over me. “Because the guy that wants your position broke into my house tonight and left me a message. And I need someone to change the locks.”
“I’ll be there in an hour,” he promised.

~~ * ~~

While I waited for my new alpha to arrive, I put on my pants again, grabbed a pair of gloves and tossed all of my underwear into the trash-burning barrel outside. I hadn’t mopped the floor yet, but I would soon. Ugh. I squirted kerosene into the barrel, tossed my plastic gloves in after it, and tossed in a match. Watching all my underthings burn made me feel a little better, but not much. Roscoe had broken into my house. Gone through my things. Touched them in dirty, nasty ways.
As messages went, that one was pretty clear.
A large white truck pulled up, and I glanced over at it in the darkness. My gravel driveway was about a hundred feet away from where I stood near the trash barrel, but with my wolf-eyes, I was able to read just fine in the dark. Jackson Wilder – Plumber and Handyman. Huh. The truck looked a little beat up, but I didn’t know a single handyman that kept a pristine truck anyhow.
The truck door opened, and a man slid out, his form veiled by the open truck door. I immediately clutched the shovel closer. I’d been using it to poke at the fire, but now it served a better purpose – protection. I faced the truck, my manner unwelcoming as I mentally steeled myself for the worst. What if this guy was mean? Bad tempered? Worse than Roscoe?
Was there even such a thing?
Before I could continue down that path, the man raised a hand in greeting and moved forward, shutting the truck door behind him and stepping closer to where I stood, body clenched, by the fire.
The breath rushed out of my throat.
When he hadn’t included a photo of himself on the dating website, I’d expected him to be ugly. Maybe short. Maybe fat. All of the above.
I hadn’t expected him to be tanned, lean, with sandy brown hair, broad shoulders and narrow waist. He looked to be a few years older than me, though it was hard to judge. His features had a very boyish cast to them. Half a foot taller than me. Fit. Amazing.
He smiled, sizing me up, and his entire face transformed. From smooth and prettily-boyish, he became stunningly beautiful. The smile took over his entire face, flashing white, and displaying the most heart-breaking set of dimples I’d ever seen.
Holy crap. I’d been hoping for mediocre at best. I’d gotten a male god.
Immediately I suspected a trick. I studied his face again, but I didn’t see anything that called out ‘alpha’ to me. He had heavy eyebrows over light-colored eyes, and a blunt nose and tapered chin. My father had been craggy and fierce, my brother a massive hulk of a man. The man moving toward me was tall, but the cheerful cast to his features was throwing me off.
My hand clutched the shovel a little closer and my greeting snapped shut in my mouth. Was this some joke on Roscoe’s behalf? Was I the victim of a prank?
He didn’t seem overly alpha, I thought. Sure, he was scrutinizing me, but his manner was open, friendly, positive. My brother and father – both alphas – had been surly and foul-tempered, and their method of greeting a stranger usually involved a fist. It was a bizarre change.
“Are you…” He glanced down, pulled out a folded piece of paper and read it, then looked up again. “Alice Savage?”
Instead of replying, I held my free hand out, the other clutching the shovel close. “Can I see some ID?”
“I need to see the same,” he said to me and extended his hand. His nostrils flared slightly, and I knew he was sensing his surroundings, prepared. The same way I was. His gaze settled on me, and I felt it.
Strength of will. The need to obey and please him. It was some innate sort of sense that came with alphas - natural leadership, a human would call it. Except I wasn’t human.
This guy was definitely an alpha. He didn’t need to swagger – he just needed to show me he was competent. Alert. Ready to defend his surroundings. I recognized the other alpha from posture and manner and sensed he was who he claimed to be.
But I still wanted to see ID.
To my surprise, he held out his entire wallet. I gave him another skeptical look before reaching out to take it, and then flipped it open. His driver’s license stared up at me, very serious. And the man in the picture looked…different. The name was the same – Jackson Wilder. I stared down, then back up at him again, suspicious. “That’s not you.”
“I get that a lot,” he explained in a mild voice. And broke into another smile, studying me. His dimples flashed again. “When I smile, I look different.”
As if to demonstrate, he assumed a serious face, and looked like the photo once more.
Me, I was still mesmerized by the dimples.
He pointed at his wallet. “My pack ID is in there. Behind the license.”
Digging for it meant I’d have to drop my shovel. I gave him one last skeptical look and then propped it against the metal barrel as the fire crackled and popped behind us. The fact that he knew that he had to have a pack ID was a good thing.
Sure enough, I pulled out the card and ran my fingers over it. Pack Ids were cheap things, mocked up to look like a social security card. No numbers were assigned, and there were no pictures. Usually they were issued by the alpha of the pack upon birth, and you received a new one if you left packs. I only had the one, and it was tattered and worn after being in my wallet for 24 years.
Jackson Wilder’s card was fairly new, the edges still crisp with plastic. St. James Pack, South Carolina, the ID read. Issued in 2008, which made me still with concern. Wolves could be made by a bite instead of born into shifting, but they rarely ascended to higher than beta. On a hunch, I slid my finger under the ID and met the grainy feel of an older slip of paper behind it. “You’re not a new wolf?”
He shook his head, the amazing smile (and dimples) disappearing. “Left for new ground a few years ago and met with the St. James pack.”
An alpha joining an established pack? That couldn’t have gone smoothly. I replaced the card and snapped the wallet shut, then held it out to him. “So why’d you leave them?”
“A fire,” he said, boyish face serious once more. “All died but myself and Dan.”
I swallowed. “Dan?”
Oh no. Was my new, pretty alpha…gay?
And why was that disappointing? If he was gay, I’d be safe from his attentions, after all.
Another car door shut, and my eyes flicked to the handyman truck even as I reached for the shovel once more. A boy slid away from the passenger side, lanky and uncertain. He was tall, but that was all he had going for him. A bit too thin, with haunted eyes and pale hair. He gave me a faint smile as he moved to stand behind Jackson.
Ah. Not gay. Just had a kid with him in his pack and hadn’t left him behind. I understood that.
“Dan,” Jackson pronounced. “I brought him with me. He’s the only living member of the St. James pack.”
“Other than you,” I corrected.
“Other than me,” he repeated.
I waited for the smile to return, but it didn’t, and I felt a little disappointment. I liked that smile. It had put me at ease. Oh well. At least he wasn’t gay. For some reason that made me happy, even as it filled me with anxiety. I stared at them both, wondering what my pack would think of two more males to be added to it? Trina would be thrilled, but Holly was shy. She’d be nervous.
“So…what are you doing?” Jackson gestured at the fire behind me.
“Burning my underwear,” I replied.
Dan flushed and looked at the ground. Jackson just grinned. “Couldn’t wait for tomorrow?”
“Not when it was sopping wet with some other guy’s leavings, no.”
His eyebrows raised and he shifted on his feet, the tension returning to his body. I recognized the tension. Possessiveness. Strange to see it in someone I’d just met a few minutes ago, but I guessed that meant he was staying. And that I should explain exactly what had happened.
I handed the shovel to Dan. “Can you handle this? I’ll show Jackson what the other guy did to my kitchen.”
Dan nodded and took it immediately. He was clearly not an alpha. With my shovel in hand, he began poking at the fire and sending up a shower of sparks.
I glanced over at Jackson, then headed for the back door of the house. “Come with me.” I kept my face impassive as he followed behind me, and I held the door open. “Oh, and welcome to the Savage pack.”
“Nice place,” Jackson murmured as he entered the house.
I flushed in embarrassment at his words, seeing nothing but dirty laundry and even dirtier dishes piled everywhere. Dead flowers on every inch of table-top. God, I was a wreck. “We’ve been grieving,” I said sharply, more sharply than I’d anticipated. “I haven’t had time to keep house.”
He nodded, and placed his hand on one of the wooden beams scattered through the large, messy living room and I flushed uncomfortably. Perhaps he hadn’t been talking about the state of the house after all. As Jackson’s gaze moved over the furniture, I snatched up a dirty sock laying over the arm of a chair.
“Is it just you that lives here?” Jackson said in that mild voice, glancing around the house.
I knew what he was doing – mentally sizing up how many wolves were in the pack. My house was large, and my family had lived here for three generations. We had plenty of bedrooms, but not all of them were filled. “Just me right now,” I said lightly, keeping the control in my voice. “I sent the others away while I…recovered. Our alpha died recently, and it’s left us all in a turmoil.”
Me especially.
Jackson moved forward, his fingers brushing against a dried rose, hanging over the edge of a crystal vase. “I remember.” He glanced back at me and his face was so serious that it made me wonder if the boyish smile had just been my imagination. “You said someone had left you a message?”
I nodded, swallowing hard. The visual was still fresh in my mind and still creepy. I pushed ahead of him. “In here.”
He followed behind me as I headed into the kitchen, and stopped as I skirted the large drying puddle. “He’d been through my house, grabbed all my lingerie, and, well, made sweet love to it.” If I squinted hard, I could still see the heart drawn in the mess. “I think he was trying to tell me something.”
“Either that or he’s real lonely,” Jackson drawled.
My mouth twitched at that. “I think he wants my pack more than me.” I crossed my arms over my chest, so I wouldn’t rub my arms. “He doesn’t like that I told him no.”
Jackson nodded, then motioned for me. “I’ll get started on changing the locks, Ms. Savage.”
Ms. Savage. I wondered briefly if he thought I was the widow of the old alpha. That would be the natural thought. Sisters sometimes took the alpha female’s place, but that was a rarity. He must have imagined that I was grieving for more than just my alpha. I chose to let him think that for a while longer, but offered, “You can call me Alice, if you’ll be joining us.”
The smile returned, and with it, the dimples that fascinated me. “We’ll be staying,” he agreed. “Thank you, Alice.”
“As long as you won’t disrupt my pack, that is,” I stressed, trying to put my foot down. It was hard to judge a new alpha. I knew where to step with Cash, but this man was a stranger.
The smile disappeared again, and he nodded. “Of course.”
I nodded and exited, all too glad to get out of the room.


Chapter Four

Two hours later, I cleaned out Joanne’s old room, my thoughts astir, while Jackson worked on adding deadbolts to my front and back door and Dan put out the fire. Since we lived out in the country, it wasn’t out of the ordinary to burn trash. Maybe a little weird at three in the morning, but the neighbors thought we were weird anyhow.
And so I readied a room for the newest member of the pack. Partially because it kept me busy, and partially because it allowed me to hide from Jackson’s too-knowing gaze. Dan was a sweet, quiet boy from what I could tell. He dropped his gaze every time I looked at him – appropriate around a new alpha. But I didn’t know how to act around Jackson.
As if my thoughts had summoned him, Jackson strolled down the hall and into the room a moment later. A tool belt was slung low around his waist, and I found myself staring at it. It emphasized the lean lines of his hips and his ass in the jeans, and I flushed bright red when he caught me looking.
He didn’t say anything, though. Just glanced past me, at the sheets I’d tossed down onto the twin bed. “Dan will need to shower before he heads to bed,” Jackson said, with a nod at the window, where I could clearly see the wilting teenager dumping the ashes out of the barrel outside.
Poor kid did look dead-on-his-feet tired, but wasn’t complaining. I liked that about Dan. “He can sleep here. It’s not Joanne’s room any longer. She left us about six months ago.”
He nodded at me. “I’ll change the last set of locks while you get him comfortable.”
“Thank you,” I murmured, then glanced out the window one last time to see Dan trudging up the steps. “I’ll show him where the towels are.”
As Dan showered, I cleaned out Joanne’s old room for him, and I heard Jackson working on the doorknobs. He hummed to himself as he worked, a faint sound that I barely caught over the drum of the water in the shower.
“Thanks for taking us in, Ms. Savage,” Dan said a few minutes later, as I piled blankets into his pajama-clad arms. “It’s been a while since we ran with a pack. Been just myself and Jackson for about a year now.”
“Alice,” I corrected, but didn’t add anything to that. The kid was a goldmine of information, as long as I could keep him talking. “And I’m glad you’re here too.”
I wasn’t lying, either. So far I liked Dan a lot. He had a honest, open face and a polite demeanor. Nothing like my rowdy boys, Spence and Len, who were constantly into mischief.
“Jackson likes you too,” Dan offered as he made the bed.
“Of course he does,” I retorted, heading for the door of the room. “He’s the alpha. He likes what I come with.”
“No, I mean he likes you.”
“Oh?” I lingered in the doorway a minute longer. “What makes you say that?”
He gave me a sweet, tired smile. “Because we’re still here.”
Interesting. Did that mean Jackson was choosy or was Dan just seeing things through rose-colored glasses? Who knew. I shut the door behind me so the kid could sleep. Jackson still worked on the front door, testing and jiggling the door handle. I moved behind him, arms crossed, and watched him work for a few minutes.
Jackson stopped working as I stood behind him. “It’s late,” he said, glancing up at me. “If you want to go to sleep, I’ll finish up here.”
Sleep? With a stranger changing the locks on my door? With another stranger asleep in the hall? With Roscoe still out there? Knowing he could break into my house again? With my pack scattered to the four winds? Sleep seemed the furthest thing from my mind. “It’s not that late.”
“It’s three in the morning.”
Okay, so it was a little late. I gave a small shrug. Now that it was just the two of us, my body was locking up into all kinds of tension.
What if Jackson wanted to assert his place in the pack…tonight? With me? Make his alpha-ness known? Claim the alpha female?
Uh oh.
I yawned really loudly. “Wow, it is pretty late,” I said, doing an about face.
He gave me a skeptical look. “I’ll shower after this if you leave me a towel. And then I’ll come to bed.”
Uh oh again. Of course he expected us to share a bed. If nothing else, we had to be united in front of the pack. That meant one bedroom, one couple, one set of leaders…an icy chill went down my spine. I couldn’t back down, though. Like it or not, this was what I had bought into.
So I said, “I’ll leave out a towel. Just come to bed when you’re ready.”
He turned back to the door, his humming now silent. That didn’t make me feel any better. I ran a hand through my messy hair and headed up the stairs, to my bedroom.
And found the biggest, thickest, most concealing pair of pajamas I owned and dressed in them. I even tucked a pair of mismatched slipper socks over my toes. If I’d had curlers and a clay facial, I’d have armed myself with those too.
If Jackson had come here expecting a sexy alpha female just begging for a shagging, he was in for a rude, rude awakening.
I bundled myself up and sat on the foot of the bed, waiting. Nerves jittered and cranked through my body, and I twitched in place, unable to relax. Eventually, Jackson was going to follow my scent and come up to bed…
And then what? I’d have to lay under him and submit to the will of the pack? How was that any different than being with Roscoe? Anger set my mouth hard, and I bit down on the long sleeve of my pajama top to keep from screaming my frustration. Why was it that humans were living in an enlightened age and werewolves were stuck in some sort of dark age pack mentality?
You were fine with that pack mentality as long as it made you the boss, my brain reminded me. It’s just now that you have to show throat to someone else, it’s a problem.
And that was the whole of it, really. Being an alpha was fine. But being the sister of an alpha had put me in a special situation and hadn’t prepared me for life with a regular alpha. It hadn’t prepared me to submit to being someone’s mate. That was the part I kept getting hung up on. I was a virgin. I didn’t know what to do in any sort of relationship, much less one as crucial as an alpha-to-alpha one.
Worst of all, I had a horrible thought. What if I took on Mr. Easygoing as an alpha and he was weak? What if Roscoe challenged us anyhow and then I ended up as his mate despite everything? I chewed on the cuff of my sleeve, anxious.
What was I going to do?
I smelled Jackson before he came up the stairs. Dan had an almost boyish scent, teased with sweat. Jackson’s scent was…different. It was musky, enticing, and altogether unfamiliar to me. It frightened the crap out of me, too. I mean, did he smell good because he was an alpha and it was messing with my head? I’d never noticed Cash smelling particularly amazing, but he was also my brother.
Jackson came up the stairs and paused at the door to my room. I’d left it open a crack because I knew he’d come up. But he waited there, and knocked.
“Come on in,” I said, my voice so low it was almost inaudible. Why did I care if Dan heard or not? He was all the way down and across the hall. But for some reason, the thought of him hearing me invite Jackson in made me feel…weird.
This was harder than I thought.
Jackson opened the door and slipped inside halfway. He hung out there, as if the doorway was just the place he wanted to be. “You sure you want me in?”
“You’re going to have to come in at some point,” I muttered, and gestured to my surroundings. “Take a seat. This is all yours now.”
His mouth twitched at my obvious displeasure, and he shut the door behind him, taking a few steps into the room and eyeing my things. Once again, laundry was piled everywhere (that’s what happens when you chase everyone away and fall into a two-week-long-bout of grief and depression) and my scent was appallingly strong. An antique dresser in the corner of the room was covered in photos and Jackson headed there, picking up one and glancing at it. It was a picture of me and Cash, arms around each other, laughing. It was from a few years ago, a vacation on the lake. We’d taken all the kids out for fishing and boating. They’d loved it. Cash had stayed out on the water until he’d caught the biggest fish, because that’s just how Cash was.
I felt a surge of grief so strong it nearly knocked me over. Instead, I put my pajama cuff back into my mouth and began to chew on it again.
Jackson looked at the picture, and then at me. “The old alpha?”
I nodded, unable to speak around the knot in my throat.
“He was young,” Jackson said, his voice soft. “Shame when they go so young.” There was a wealth of sadness in his voice, too. “I’m sorry.”
I said nothing.
He glanced around my room a bit more, and when his back was to me, I studied him. Jeans that were so worn that the fabric had gone soft, and holes were at the corners of the pockets, showing a flash of dark underwear underneath. T-shirt was clean, but clearly worn. I’d noticed the same with Dan - clean, but completely worn-out clothing. No one had been taking care of either of them for a while.
Jackson studied the pictures on the dresser for a moment longer, ignoring the bras hanging off of one of the wooden corners. “This your pack?” He gestured at one of the photos.
“Some of them,” I said. Joanne was in the picture, and she was long gone. So was Carlos. And Cash.
He looked back at me. “Mind if I ask where everyone is?”
I curled up tighter on the end of the bed. “I sent them away for a bit.” It was stupid of me, too. Scattering them and kicking them out of the house made them vulnerable to outsiders, like Roscoe. But I hadn’t exactly been thinking clearly for the past two weeks. I’d been wrapped up in burial arrangements for both Carlos and Cash, and trying to hold myself together…and failing. I waited for him to chastise me.
No words of admonishment came, though. Instead, he turned back to me and gave me that golden, too-knowing gaze. I felt the energy of his will in the air like an electric charge…but he wasn’t trying to dominate. More like he understood where I was coming from. “How about you tell me a bit about them?” He sat on the cedar trunk at the end of my bed, a little closer to me than I preferred, but everything else was covered with laundry.
I swallowed hard. It wasn’t easy for him to come in and try to make a niche for him and Dan. I knew it wasn’t, and I knew that my being a wreck was making everything harder. He was trying. I needed to try, too. So I sucked in a breath and steadied myself. “There’s five other than me. Len’s my beta. He’s twenty-two and full of himself. Currently spending the night in jail, I believe.” I studied the wet cuff of my pajama top as if it were the most fascinating thing ever. “He’s going to challenge you. He wants to be alpha.”
“And…you don’t want him to be alpha?”
I gave him a look. “You either have it or you don’t. Len doesn’t have it.”
“True enough,” he said with a chuckle. “I was just wondering if maybe he wasn’t to your liking.”
I snorted. “You think if Len had even half a shot of being alpha, I’d have put out a classified ad on my ass saying ‘Free to a good home’?”
Again, his mouth twitched at my sour humor. “Guess not. So watch out for Len. Got it.”
“There’s also Spence,” I told him. “Len’s brother and twenty years old. He won’t give you much trouble. He’s lazy. Good kid and smart, but lazy. He’d rather play video games all day than help out around the house.”
He nodded, not saying anything.
“Then there’s baby Eddie,” I said. “Holly has him right now. He’s going to be an alpha someday, but right now he’s only eight months old.”
He stilled. “A baby alpha? Was his…father an alpha?”
Delicate way of phrasing it. Most alphas tended to be bred from other alphas, so I could see him trying to put two and two together. “Yep.”
“Ah.” He looked troubled. “Is that everyone?”
“No,” I said with a sigh. “Then we have the girls.”
“Girls?” He looked surprised. “More than just you?”
“Yeah. There’s Holly, who is sixteen. Very shy and sweet. She’s taking over as the pack omega now that Carlos is gone.” The omega was the heart of the pack, the nurturer, the lover, the one everyone protected and looked after. Carlos had been our omega before because he’d been the dad. Now, Holly had slid into that omega place perfectly. “And there’s Trina, who’s thirteen. Carlos was her dad. She’s…taking it hard.”
“Shit. Three girls and everyone in the pack so young.” He rubbed his neck. “No wonder you wanted protection.”
I nodded. There was something in shifter genes that made females - especially female werewolves - a rarity. Maybe the pack dynamic contributed to things, but most times you’d find one female in a pack - the alpha. We’d had four, up until Joanne had packed up her things and left. Both Holly and Trina were young and extremely vulnerable, and I didn’t want Roscoe getting his paws on them.
It was one reason why I’d separated myself from my pack — to make sure that if anyone got pounced by Roscoe, it was me.
“And now we have you and Dan,” I said.
“Dan’s a good kid,” he told me. “His family all perished in the fire and it left him with me. We’re a team, now. I won’t go anywhere he’s not welcome.”
I understood that thinking. “He beta?”
“For my pack of two? Yeah.”
“That’s the only thing I could think would be a problem,” I answered honestly. “Len might not want to give up his position as second. Everyone else is close to his age and not dominant in the slightest.”
He nodded, as if considering things, and his gaze went back to the pictures on my dresser. “I’m very sorry about your mate. I know this must be hard for you.”
I blinked. Mate? Then I sucked in a breath as I looked at him. He really didn’t know what he was getting into, did he? He thought he was coming in to comfort the grieving widow and didn’t know how to proceed. Pack law dictated that if we merged our packs, he’d rise to the top and I’d basically be his property, of a sort. He probably even thought baby Eddie was mine.
“Um.” I said, feeling heat steal up my cheeks. “You should know a few things.”
“Uh oh.” He gave me a friendly grin, his attitude so smooth and easy I almost smiled back at him. “Nothing good ever comes out of that saying.”
I hugged my legs closer to my chest, watching his face. “Cash wasn’t my mate.”
A wrinkle formed between his brown brows. If anything, it made him look even more gorgeous. Totally unfair. “You’re not the alpha?”
“I am,” I said, and before he could question more, I added, “Cash was my brother.”
His eyes widened. “Oh.”
“Yep,” I told him, my voice short. “You got yourself a bona-fide werewolf virgin.”
He stared at me. Rubbed his neck again. Glanced at the pictures, then back at me. “And the baby?”
“Cash’s kid. Joanne was the mom. She ran off because she wanted to be the alpha female in a pack and I wasn’t about to budge.” My smile was tight. “So now I get to raise Eddie as part of my pack.”
“Jesus.”
“Yeah.” My voice was flat. “I just thought you should know. I think Roscoe’s figured it out, too. That’s why he’s after me so hard. He wants me, and he wants my girls.”
“He won’t touch them while I have breath in my body,” Jackson said, and offered me his hand. “I promise you this.”
I’d been needing to hear those words. Relief settled on me like a blanket, and that awful tension I’d felt in my shoulders loosened for the first time in two weeks. With Cash at my side, we’d been a strong pair. But on my own, I hadn’t realized how vulnerable a female alpha was. It didn’t matter how strong I was; a male wolf would automatically be more dominant, could always beat me in a physical fight, which was how most dominance battles were fought. “Thank you.”
I took his hand and clasped mine in it. I had a strong handshake, but his was stronger. I took note of his hand, too, the thick calluses, the deep tan. His was a working man’s hands. I liked that.
He didn’t let go of my hand, though. He just kept clasping it and smiling at me in that friendly way that my head wasn’t sure I liked, but my body liked all too much. “When can I meet the others?”
“They’re staying with friends,” I said. “Human friends that don’t know about…the pack. Roscoe won’t know where to find them. I’ll text them in the morning and tell them to come for breakfast.”
“Breakfast’ll be here soon,” he told me, and gave my hand a squeeze. “You should get some sleep. You look exhausted.”
“I haven’t slept well in weeks,” I admitted. Just the thought of bed was a delicious torment. I wanted to crawl into it, and yet…I looked at Jackson. “Since you’re an unmated alpha…”
I let the words hang in the air. He knew the rest. He was an unmated alpha male, and I was an unmated alpha female. It’d be expected for us to share a room.
And to share a bed.
He gave my hand another squeeze and then got up. “Don’t you worry, Alice. You just get some sleep.” He got up and crossed the room to the overstuffed chair near the door, examined it, and then swept the dirty laundry onto the floor. “I’m going to shower, then I’ll sit here and rest, if that’s okay with you.”
I blinked and stared at him. He wasn’t going to force me to share his bed? I nearly trembled with relief…but it couldn’t last. “You know we have to—“
“I know,” he told me, raising a hand to stop me before I could continue. “We’ll worry about mate markings and claimings and stuff later. Not everything has to happen tonight. You’re exhausted and I’ve got a lot on my mind. So if it’s all okay with you, I’d like to sit in this nice, comfy chair here,” he pointed at my chair, “and relax. You sleep.”
His voice was soothing and compelling. I wanted to sleep, and not only because he was telling me to. “What about you?”
“I’ll stay up. Shower. Check stuff out. Make sure everything’s all right.” His voice dropped a bit lower, his tone husky. “You can trust me, Alice. You’re safe now.”
My heart thudded hard, and I hoped desperately that was the case.

Chapter Five

I woke up sometime after dawn, feeling curiously refreshed and at ease despite only a few hours of sleep. Even three hours of sleep was more than I’d gotten in the last two days. I glanced around my room but Jackson was nowhere to be seen. That made me feel a little better, I supposed. The thought of him leering at me while I slept was unnerving.
Then I frowned to myself. If there was one thing Jackson was incapable of, it was leering. He seemed…friendly. As easygoing as he’d said on his profile. It was weird to see in an alpha. Most of the ones I’d known were full of piss and bluster and kept their authority by force. Jackson seemed determined to make everyone comfortable, and that maybe they’d bow to his leadership because they wanted to, not because they had to.
Strange man.
I rolled out of bed and winced at the smell. I smelled like smoke and cleaning supplies and my own stale sweat and fear. That wouldn’t do. I needed to shower, especially if we were calling the pack home. I didn’t want to smell like fear and introduce them to Jackson at the same time.
Before I got into the shower, though, I grabbed my phone and sent a group text out to the pack. Come home, I sent. Breakfast is at 9. Be here for a pack meeting. Spence, go get Len out of jail.
I felt better after showering and washing my hair a few times, though I felt a bit ashamed that things felt like they were sliding back to normal. Jackson was a stranger. My brother was dead. Shouldn’t I hold out for longer? Grieve more? Something? But with an alpha at my side - even a strange alpha - I felt…I don’t know. Not quite so alone. Not quite so terrified.
And that made me feel guilty.
I toweled off and dressed into another plain t-shirt and jeans. I didn’t bother to do more than brush my dark hair. I wasn’t going to fancy up for Jackson. He had to take me as I was.
My work phone buzzed with an incoming text as soon as I slipped it into my pocket, and I clicked on the message. My air conditioner’s out, Eliza, one of my tenants, had sent me. Can you come look at it?
Ugh. Her timing was hell. I couldn’t skip the pack breakfast, but today was going to be a scorcher, and Eliza had four small children. Can it wait until 10 am? I sent back.
That’s fine, she sent. Thank you.
I’d take Jackson with me, I decided. If he was stepping into the Savage pack, he needed to learn the Savage business. I wondered how he’d like the idea of being a slum lord. My mouth curved into a faint smile at the thought. He was a plumber - I could use his services on a regular basis. Too bad he wasn’t an electrician to boot.
I jounced down the stairs, my mood a little lighter, sniffing the air for the scents of Dan and Jackson. To my surprise, the overwhelming smell of Pine Sol touched my nose. Curious, I followed it through the house, noting that my living room had been straightened up, all of the laundry carefully piled into one mound, the tables and chairs cleaned off of all pizza boxes.
I headed into the kitchen and blinked when I came across Dan and Jackson there, scrubbing it clean. My eyes widened at the sight. Dan was wearing the striped frilly apron that Holly favored and slinging a mop across the tile of my enormous kitchen. At the sink, Jackson’s hands were buried in suds as he did the dishes by hand.
The kitchen was spotless, the granite counters gleaming. It was clear that they’d been busy for a few hours. “Hi,” I said, since they probably couldn’t smell me over the cleaning supplies.
Dan’s head jerked up and he gave me a sheepish grin, blushing and fisting his hand into the apron. He quickly tore it off and looked over to Jackson for reassurance.
Jackson simply moved a bowl from the sudsy water to the rinse water, and then set it on top of a towel on the counter. “Did you sleep okay?”
“I did,” I said, moving into the kitchen on careful bare feet. The floors were slick with water. Dan wasn’t a great mopper, but I had to give the kid props for trying. “What are you guys doing?”
“Cleaning,” Jackson told me, his voice mild.
Well, duh. “I mean, why?”
He glanced at me over his shoulder. “From what I was understanding, this is our home now, too. You’ve gone through a rough time, and Dan and I appreciate the welcome. Least we can do is show it.”
“We’re not afraid of work,” Dan said in a quiet voice.
What did I say to that? Thank you? Welcome home? I chewed the inside of my cheek for a minute, thinking, then headed to the fridge. “The others will be here for breakfast at nine, so it’s a good thing you guys decided to clean.” I opened the fridge and winced at how completely empty it was. Man, I was a horrible hostess. “Um. Breakfast might not be…great.”
“I can go out and get something?” Dan stopped his mopping and gave me a hopeful look. “There’s a burger place up the highway a few miles. I’m sure they serve breakfast.”
He looked so eager that I found myself smiling at him. I went to the front hall and grabbed my purse, then pulled out my wallet and gave him a wad of twenties. “Okay. Buy enough for seven hungry werewolves.” I thought for a moment, then added, “You might want to call ahead to give them a heads up to cook extra.”
He grinned at me and then turned to Jackson. “Can I have the keys?”
Jackson only raised an eyebrow at him.
“I’ll go the speed limit. Promise.”
He nodded. “Be back by nine.”
Dan grinned and tossed the mop into a nearby bucket of dirty water, then raced to the front door. A moment later, it slammed shut.
I glanced over at Jackson. “He’s a good kid.”
“Dan’s a great kid. He’s excited to be here, too. Been too long since we’ve had a pack to call home.” Jackson drained the sink and then began to wipe his hands on a dish towel, then turned and looked over at me. Studying me. After a moment, he asked, “How you holding up?”
That felt weirdly intimate. I crossed my arms over my chest and shrugged. “I’m okay. Everyone will be here at nine. We’ll introduce you to the pack, let you get to know the group. I’m hoping it’ll go smoothly.”
It probably wouldn’t, but I could always hope.
He nodded, not contradicting me. “We have one more thing I should probably take care of before the others get here.” He glanced out the window, watching Dan rip down the gravel driveway in the plumbing van. To his credit, he didn’t wince when the kid nearly ran off into the ditch.
“Oh?” Now I was curious. “What’s that?”
He turned back to me and gave me a long, assessing look. “Mate mark.”
My face immediately flamed bright red.
“Just the mark,” Jackson said, holding a hand out to me to calm the protest that he expected. “Nothing more. But with me here taking the alpha spot, they’re going to ask, and it’s best if we’re a unified front.”
“That means you need to wear one, too.”
“I know,” he said easily. “You want to go first? I don’t want you to be uncomfortable.”
“I’m not uncomfortable,” I bluffed, though it was totally a lie. I was squirmy and nervous as hell, my pulse fluttering in my throat. “And sure, I’ll go first.”
I strode to him and stood before Jackson, sizing him up. His posture was easy and relaxed, so different from my own. It was as if he walked into a new pack and established himself on a daily basis or something.
Hell, for all I knew about him, maybe he did.
But…beggars couldn’t be choosers. Jackson was an alpha, and he was going to let me keep my spot without making my life hell, and I’d get to continue to protect what was left of my small family.
He was my only option.
So, despite the quiver in my stomach, I reached up and put my hand to the back of his neck, pulling him down to mouth level. I didn’t rise up to meet him - that meant I was adjusting to his dominance, and I wanted him to adjust to mine for my mark.
He bent low, and then his neck was close to my mouth, bare and pulsing with heat, and I saw the brush of the loose curls against his nape. He smelled like sweat and wolf and that spicy faint scent I was coming to identify as Jackson. It was an…oddly pleasing combination. I studied his neck for a moment longer, then licked his skin with a long swipe of my tongue, readying him.
I’d never given the mate mark before. Cash and I weren’t marked because we were siblings, and it always threw off other werewolves until they saw us working together. We’d been a unified team from day one. Marks and matings weren’t necessary with a sibling as an alpha like they were with a stranger.
I hadn’t realized how erotic licking another alpha’s neck could be, though, and just how much I’d missed when I’d shared alphadom with my brother in a chaste working relationship. Because licking Jackson’s neck? Kind of arousing. His skin was warm under my tongue, and I tasted the salt of his sweat. His throat flexed in response, as if he was swallowing hard, but he didn’t touch me. I was in control.
I wanted to lick him again.
But I didn’t, because I didn’t know what that would do to our weird relationship. So I simply bared my teeth and bit down on his skin in a hard, aggressive mark.
A small jerk of response was the only reaction I got.
I pulled away, and he moved back, too. I noticed Jackson was watching me with an intense look on his face. His eyes were slitted as he straightened, and I watched him touch the mark I’d left on his neck. It was bright red, the outline of my mouth clear.
I’d just claimed myself a mate.
I was feeling a little weirdly breathless about it, too. I couldn’t stop staring at the mark, pleased and aroused at the sight of it. That was mine. He was mine.
“You ready?” He asked in a low voice.
“Ready?” I echoed, my thoughts a blur. Ready for what?
That gorgeous, slow smile curved his mouth again, making my pulse flutter again. “For my mark.”
“Oh. Right.” I knew that. I pulled my almost-dry hair off of my neck in an effort to be helpful, and stepped closer. I tilted my head back, showing my throat in an extremely vulnerable angle that immediately set my hackles on edge. I never showed throat to anyone. My entire body locked with tension.
His hand brushed through my hair, grazing my hand and then clasping over it. With his other hand, he tilted my chin a little more so I was even more open to him.
I jerked when his head bent low, almost stepping backward, but his hand over mine, both tangled in my hair, kept me in place.
“Calm, Alice,” he told me in that low, soothing voice. “You know it has to be done. You know I won’t hurt you.”
I knew both. It didn’t mean I wasn’t skittish. I forced myself to stay still as he leaned in closer, and I could hear him inhale. Then, he licked my skin in a long, slow swipe of his tongue that felt entirely too good. I sucked in a breath, startled.
And then he bit.
Something close to an orgasm crashed through me, and I choked on air, sputtering as the sensation made my toes curl and my body ache with something dangerously close to want. His bite hadn’t been nearly as fierce as mine. It was like everything else with Jackson - utterly smooth and delicious, conquering with a smile and a caress instead of a snap to the throat.
And it made me feel…weird. Like I was losing a bit of myself.
As soon as his mouth lifted, I jerked away from him, not caring that it meant ripping a few hairs out of my scalp. “Great,” I said quickly. “Thanks.”
His eyes were shining and dangerously close to wolf. “No problem,” he said, voice husky, and he licked his lips.
And lord help me, I wanted to lick them, too.
So I bolted away, murmuring something about laundry and cleaning before the pack returned.


Chapter Six

Holly was the first to arrive back at the house. It wasn’t a surprise - if there was such a thing as a good egg, it was Holly. Sweet, kind, caring, thoughtful, and utterly delightful to be around, she was more mature than most sixteen-year-olds I knew. She also brought baby Eddie with her, as I knew she would. She loved that child and had taken over as his de-facto mother when Joanne had abandoned him, and that suited me fine. There were a lot of times that I couldn’t juggle the baby and the pack, so I was grateful to Holly for stepping in.
She arrived through the kitchen door just as I was tossing a load of laundry into the dryer. I smelled her surprise, and bolted out of the washroom before she could panic.
When I re-entered the kitchen, she was standing in the center, baby Eddie on her hip, several plastic bags of groceries dangling from her other hand. And she was staring at Jackson, who was under the sink, long, strong legs sticking out as he did something to my garbage disposal.
“Hi,” she began, and then stopped at the sight of me, her gaze dropping to my neck. “I…oh.” Hope lit her features, almost painful to see. “A new alpha?”
I gestured at Jackson, who was even now sliding out from under the sink, and I took the groceries from her so I’d have something to do. “Meet Jackson Wilder. He’s going to be our new alpha.”
“Oh gosh. Hi,” she said, her voice sweet and utterly thrilled. She smiled at him and bounced the baby on her hip. “I’m Holly, and this is Eddie.”
I wanted to turn and put the groceries away, but I found myself transfixed to their interactions. I was curious how Jackson would treat Holly. She was sixteen and pretty. Would he leer at her like Roscoe did? Size her up for mate-hood?
But he only gave her a friendly smile and ruffled her blonde hair. “Pleased to meet you.” And he held his arms out for Eddie.
I watched as Holly handed the fat baby over to him. Jackson bounced him a little, smiling. Eddie’s arms and legs flailed and kicked for a moment as he watched Jackson, and he gurgled.
Then, he sprouted dark gray wolf hair everywhere.
Holly giggled as Jackson’s eyes widened in shock. He looked over at me, helpless. “Did I do something wrong?”
I couldn’t help the chuckle that escaped my throat, and I moved forward to take the child from Jackson. “I’m pretty sure he just challenged you for dominance.”
Jackson grinned at me, handing Eddie over. “He’s a little young to take over the pack, I think.”
“He is,” I said, cooing as I pulled Eddie into my arms. Immediately, the hair began to recede, and within a few moments, the baby looked normal again.
Jackson offered a finger to the baby’s waving fist, and Eddie latched onto it. “Does he do that a lot?” Jackson asked. “My last pack had no small children, so I’ve never been around pups.”
“He’s too little to help his reactions, so we have to watch him. Just don’t make any sudden moves around him when we’re in public and you should be fine.” For a man that hadn’t been around children much, he seemed to be fascinated - and pleased - by Eddie. I recalled how he’d been with Dan - patient, kind, understanding. Like a father.
He’d make a great alpha, I realized. I just had to get over my skittish responses to him.
I bounced the baby to distract myself even as Holly moved toward the groceries.
“I brought a bunch of food,” she said in a cheerful voice. “I wasn’t sure if there was anything left in the house, and you mentioned breakfast, so I thought I’d make pancakes just in case.”
I grinned at Holly. “We sent Dan out to get fast food.”
“Dan?” She asked, pulling groceries out of one of the sacks.
As if on cue, the van roared down the gravel path and skidded to a quick halt behind Holly’s beat up little hatchback. Dan hopped out of the car, arms laden with bags, and began bounding toward the kitchen door. “That’s him right now,” I said. “Jackson brought Dan with him.”
“Oh,” she said, straightening curiously. Her nostrils flared, and I could tell she was picking scents out of the air. Or trying to, anyhow. The smell of burger joints and grease entered the kitchen about two seconds before Dan did.
The teenage boy jerked to a standstill at the sight of Holly and her blonde hair. His face went beet red and his throat worked. He looked at her, then at me desperately.
I handed the baby off to Jackson again. “Let me help you with that, Dan.”
“I… thank you.” His voice cracked and I could have sworn he got even redder. I took bags from him and set them on the counter, starting to go through the food he’d gotten. Lots of breakfast sandwiches, lots of breakfast tacos. Smart boy. “This is perfect, Dan. Thank you.”
“Of course. Anytime.” He looked awkward and yet happy, his gaze sliding over to Holly repeatedly, and then back to me.
“Holly, this is Dan St. James. He’s in Jackson’s pack, which means he’s now part of ours.”
“Hi,” Holly said in a soft, shy voice. She looked like she was turning red, too.
Dan immediately thrust his big hand at her.
She giggled and took it gently, shaking it. “Do you, um, want to help me put away the groceries? There’s some more in my car, but I couldn’t get them because I had the baby.”
“I’d love to,” he said, looking at me again.
I nodded at him. “Thank you, Dan.”
The two of them went out of the kitchen, Dan holding the door open for Holly.
I glanced over at Jackson, amused. His mouth was curled into an equally amused smile, and he patted the baby on the back, jiggling him. “Well, I think those two will get along well.”
“He’s not going to be…pushy with her, is he? Holly’s a good girl.” And I really didn’t want to have ‘the talk’ with her. Sixteen felt so young to me. Then again, I was twenty four, and no one had ever had the talk with me.
He shook his head. “I’ll make sure that he treats her with respect, though I don’t think that will be a problem. Never met a more straight-laced kid than Dan.”
I nodded. Everything I’d seen said the same. “I’m just being protective.”
“I’d expect no less,” he said, and patted the baby on the back some more. “Where are the others?”
“Should be along any minute,” I said. “Trina will be with Spence, and Spence went to go get Len out of jail.”
“Jail, huh?”
“Probably just general rowdiness,” I told him, pulling food out of the bags and sorting it by types of breakfast meats. Breakfast tacos with sausage, ones with no sausage, ones with bacon, no bacon. Ones with both bacon and sausage, etc. “Len’s been struggling since Cash died. He’s acting out.”
“I understand,” he said. “But it stops today.”
“Sounds good to me. I don’t want to have to bail him out again.” Though I knew Len wouldn’t like Jackson’s new position. Not at all. And if Dan tried to set himself up as beta? It’d get even more messy.
Jackson played with the baby while I unpacked food and Holly and Dan made short work of the groceries. We pulled out glasses for orange juice (that Holly had brought) and made a watered-down sippy cup for the baby and set out breakfast for the rest of the group.
As if on cue, Trina, Spence and Len showed up just as I’d finished setting the last paper plate on the table.
Trina was the first one through the door, cellphone in hand. Her dark hair was pulled into a thick French braid, and she wore a trendy neon tank top under a cutoff jean jacket and matching shorts. On anyone older, it would have been a risqué outfit, but Trina was thirteen and her figure was coltish and slim, so she simply looked young. Spence came in after her, dressed in a wrinkled t-shirt and dirty jeans, his hair rumpled. Len was behind him, and looked even worse for the wear, several days growth of beard on his jaw.
They stopped at the sight of Jackson, still holding baby Eddie, and Dan, seated next to him. Holly sat next to Dan, her eyes wide as her gaze flicked from me to the others. Watching for reactions.
They weren’t long in coming. Len pushed forward, scowling at Jackson. “Who the fuck are you?”
I pointed at the table. “Sit. Eat breakfast.”
Len sat, glaring. Spence and Trina did too, their eyes wide.
I started to toss wrapped breakfast food in front of each person. “We’re going to eat breakfast, and while we do, I’m going to talk. And you’re all going to sit and listen, got it?” I turned to glare at each one in turn, exerting my will on them. “We’re going to behave like a civilized pack.”
Silence. I looked over at Len, the most vocal of my small group. He was staring at my neck, his jaw clenched in a mutinous scowl. Oh great. He’d seen the mate mark and he wasn’t pleased. His gaze swung to Jackson and I admit, I looked over at Jackson, too.
My mark was plain as day on Jackson’s tanned throat. For some reason, that embarrassed me. It was like advertising to the world ‘Hey, I’m going to shack up with this guy.’
“You all know the problem we’re having with Roscoe. And you all know that the last thing I want for us - for all of us - is him stepping in and taking over. The girls won’t be safe with him at the lead.” I looked at Trina and Holly’s pale faces. Spence pulled Trina closer to him, hugging his younger sister. The scowl on his face echoed Len’s. “And you know that since Cash died…” A knot formed in my throat and I swallowed hard. Grief threatened to choke me again.
As if sensing my distress, Jackson handed the baby off to Dan and stood. He moved to my side of the table and placed a hand on my shoulder.
The unfamiliar touch made me jump, startling me.
Len’s eyes narrowed, watching us.
Jackson’s hand rubbed my shoulder, comfortingly. One might almost say possessively. It was expected, especially with a new alpha stepping in. But I’d made things awkward by flinching away. Even now, I stood next to him, stiff as a board.
“My name is Jackson Wilder,” he said, and gestured at the other end of the table. “That’s Dan St. James. We were passing through Texas when Alice called and suggested we pool our resources. I liked what I saw and that’s why I’m here.”
Trina’s nose wrinkled. “I don’t get it. We don’t know you. How’d Alice get your phone number?”
“There’s an Alliance agency,” I began, not mentioning that it was a dating agency. I had some pride left.
Spence and Len groaned. “Alliance? You serious?” Len asked. “Those nutjobs? That’s for packless freaks.”
“The Alliance is made up of a lot of different shifters,” Jackson said, clearly unruffled by the tension at the table. No one was eating. They were just staring at the mountain of wrapped sandwiches. “And it’s good to have allies when you’re down on your luck.”
“We’re wolves,” Len sneered. “We don’t need allies. We have the pack.”
“We also don’t need their dating agency, then, do we, Len?” I glared at him.
He slouched lower in his seat, scowling.
“So anyhow,” I continued, clenching my hands on the table so I wouldn’t start wringing them. “Jackson is our new alpha and he’s my…mate. It’s going to take some time for everyone to get used to each other, but as of today, I want you all back in the house. You know the rules, too. No changing to wolf unless on Savage territory. No pack runs without clearing it through an alpha first. No interaction with other wolf packs without clearing it first, for the protection of everyone.”
“What about Jackson’s rules?” Holly asked, her voice whisper-thin. “Doesn’t his pack have rules?”
Jackson’s thumb caressed my nape again. “We’re going to go with Alice’s rules for now. She knows you better than I do. If anything needs changing, we’ll discuss it.”
Len snorted.
“What?” I snapped at him.
He shrugged his shoulders, glaring up at me and Jackson. “I can’t believe you picked up a stranger on the internet.” He wouldn’t look me in the eye, though. That would have been a challenge, and male wolves never challenged female wolves.
“We needed an alpha,” I told him, my teeth gritting. I could feel the growl rising in my throat. “Another alpha was the only way to keep the girls out of Roscoe’s grasp—“
“Yeah, well, he doesn’t seem very alpha,” Len said, getting to his feet. He was a yard away from me, in the seat closest to mine at the table. I’d noticed that he’d picked that spot - probably very deliberately. When he stood up, he towered over me. “You should be with me.”
“Len, don’t even start,” I said.
He reached for my arm — only to have his hand batted away by Jackson.
“That a challenge?” Jackson asked in his low, careful voice.
“It’s not,” I said quickly, trying to push between them. “Len doesn’t even want me. Not really. He just wants to be in charge, but he doesn’t realize—“
“Oh, it’s a challenge,” Len said, refuting my words.
“No,” I began, but no one was listening to me any longer.
Over my head, Jackson seized Len by his shirt, and before I could blink an eye, he’d thrown Len against the kitchen wall and held him there, pinned. Jackson’s lips were bared in a snarl, and as I watched, he stared down Len. Just stared at him. No thrown punches, nothing.
A long, tense moment passed…and then Len edged his chin up, showing throat.
It was over so quickly.
Jackson released Len’s shirt, now stretched out from his fists, and Len collapsed against the wall, chest heaving as if he’d ran a mile. He stared at us for a long moment, then bolted for the door.
I needed to go after him, smooth things over.
Trina had the same idea. She got to her feet, intending to go after her brother.
“No,” Jackson said, pointing at her. Then he looked at me and gave a slight shake of his head, as if he knew what I was going to do.
Trina thumped back into her seat, eyes wide.
“Let’s finish breakfast, shall we?” Jackson’s voice was easy. “It’ll make Alice unhappy if we waste all this food.”
I didn’t give a shit about the food. Every instinct in me that wanted to keep the pack together screamed that I should go after Len. It was hard to ignore that and sit back down, but I did, the thump of my seat echoing Trina’s from a few moments ago. I forced myself to pick up a sandwich, unwrap it, and take a big bite.
Following my lead, the others began to eat.


Chapter Seven

When breakfast was over, the kids scattered to unpack their things and return their rooms to normal. Holly, always the thoughtful one, offered to help Dan set up his room. Trina naturally wanted to help as well, and tagged along. Before I knew it, they were all hanging out in Dan’s new room, pointing out how he should arrange furniture and asking him what sports he liked, what TV shows he and Jackson watched.
They seemed to be settling in okay. “Jackson and I are going to run and visit the rent houses. You have my number if anything comes up, right?”
They nodded. Holly smiled gently at me. Trina texted into her phone, ignoring me. Heck, things were almost back to normal.
“Okay then,” I said, and left them upstairs. I headed back down to where Jackson was hanging out in the living room. He seemed to realize that hovering would only make everyone more anxious, so had split off from the group once he’d finished eating. I headed in to the living room and his gaze immediately went to me, though he didn’t get up off the sofa. “I want you to come on a business call with me.”
“Sure thing,” he said, voice easy.
“Unless you have somewhere you need to be?”
“No plumbing calls at the minute,” he told me. His gaze didn’t leave my face, though. “Business is slow when you’re new to an area. I imagine that’ll change soon enough.”
Thinking about the future made me all flustered again, especially when he was looking at me like that.
We got into my truck, since I insisted on driving. Jackson was fine with that - again, not something I was used to. Cash would always fight me on this sort of thing, because he liked to be in charge of everything. Just one more way that Jackson was different than the alphas I was used to.
Of course he’s different, I chided myself. The others were your family. This one’s your mate.
The thought of having a mate freaked me out a little. I cast another nervous look his direction, my hands tight on the steering wheel as I turned the truck onto the local farm road.
My phone rang, and I fumbled for it, grateful for the interruption in my thoughts. “Hello?”
“Hi, is this Alice?”
I frowned at the female voice. I hadn’t looked at the number before I answered, my concentration on the road. I noticed Jackson’s posture had changed. He was listening; werewolf ears were so keen that we could pick up phone conversations from several feet away. Likely he was just being protective, knowing I’d been harassed lately. It still bugged me. “Who’s this?” I asked, my voice brusque.
“Oh, this is Bathsheba Ward-Russell, from Midnight Liaisons. I thought I’d call and see how things were going. I noticed your profile was updated and attached to Jackson Wilder’s. Have you guys made a match?”
My mouth worked silently as I tried to process this. I hadn’t updated my profile? A quick glance over at Jackson and he raised his eyebrows at me, as if challenging me to answer her. “Match?” I asked, the nervous squeak in my voice again.
“Tell her we’ve mated,” Jackson said in a low voice, not wanting to interrupt my conversation. Despite the soothing tone of his voice, I still felt that irresistible urge to please my alpha. It was not a comforting feeling. Jackson was an alpha with a strong personality, despite his charming demeanor. Whatever he wanted, he could get, just by a smile and a softly worded command.
“Um. Profile. Yes. I updated it,” I lied. “Jackson and I have combined our packs.”
“Mated,” Jackson corrected again, off to my side.
I ignored him. “So yeah, I won’t be needing your services anymore.”
“Oh, that’s great,” Bathsheba said, her voice happy. She was oblivious to the tension on the other side of the phone. “Then that brings me to my other reason for calling. My husband Beau wanted me to invite you two out to dinner to discuss the possibility of the Savage pack - though I guess it’s the Savage-Wilder pack now - joining the Alliance?”
“I don’t think—“ I began.
“We’d love to go,” Jackson told me, his voice firmer and louder. “Tell her that.”
I cast him an irritated look. “Would you shut up for two seconds?”
“I’m sorry?” Bathsheba said, confused.
“Not you,” I told her quickly, glaring at Jackson and trying to drive at the same time. “I have a backseat driver that won’t be quiet.”
He simply grinned at me, amused by my surly attitude. “Just tell her we’ll go to dinner and I’ll be quiet.”
I didn’t want to go to dinner. Not with the Alliance, who were a bunch of busybodies that stuck their noses in where they didn’t belong. My pack didn’t need the Alliance. That was for shifters that didn’t have pack support. We had everything we needed now that Jackson had arrived to lead us.
Except my new leader? Had some ideas I wasn’t keen on. I glared at him again, and found him giving me a challenging stare. An alpha stare. I continued to glare at him, not willing to break gaze. The first one to look away would lose the challenge.
“You’re about to run over that mailbox,” Jackson murmured at me, eyes still locked with mine.
Shit. I broke gaze, righted the truck on the road, and gritted my teeth. “We’d love to go to dinner.”
“Perfect,” Bath said happily.
We made plans for over the weekend. A double date (god) over dinner. When the conversation ended, I clicked off my phone and tossed it into my purse, glaring at Jackson out of the corner of my eye.
“Challenging me while I’m driving is totally not playing fair.”
“The Alliance would be good for the pack,” he said.
“I disagree.”
“And that’s why I had to challenge.”
“Yeah, but while I’m driving? Not cool.”
“I guess I could have used other methods of persuasion,” he said in a husky voice. “Would you prefer those next time?”
A ripple of awareness ripped through me, and I remembered his mouth on my neck, licking my skin. I sucked in a breath, my nipples going hard. “A challenge is fine,” I said flatly.
He laughed.
A few minutes later, we pulled into a tiny suburb sprawl in the midst of nowhere. Jackson gave me a curious look when we took a right on Alice Lane. “Is that a coincidence?”
“Nope,” I told him. “I own all these houses.”
He looked impressed, staring out the window at the small ranch-style houses, neatly lined up on acre plots. “How many are there?”
“Fifty-six,” I told him. “I wasn’t joking when I said I was a slum lord.”
He chuckled. “These aren’t slums to me. They’re nice houses.”
They were. I was proud of them. “My dad was a builder,” I told him. “Worked for other people for the first twenty years or so, and then came into some money when his father died, and left him a couple hundred acres out in the country. My father decided that he’d do something with that land and that money, and built a bunch of houses so he could rent them out to people that needed housing but couldn’t really afford it.”
“Your dad sounds like a great guy,” he murmured, still looking out the window.
“He was,” I said, my throat getting tight as I thought about my father. Gone five years now, still missed him every day. I swallowed and cleared my throat. “We could probably get a grand a month for each of these houses, but we only charge three hundred. Everyone that lives here needs some sort of assistance. We have a lot of single mothers, elderly, disabled, you name it. Lots of shifters, too,” I said, glancing over at him. “Gotta look out for our own people.”
“Of course.”
“Anyhow, our pack does fine with what we bring in a month. Fifty-six houses at three hundred a month is still a good living, and we’re helping people out. I can’t bring myself to do it.”
I’d argued with Cash about it time and time again, too, because he didn’t have the same generous spirit that Dad had. I got a vague pang of worry about Jackson. What if he thought the same way that Cash did? That fifty-two grand a month instead of fifteen was worth putting the squeeze on our poor residents?
But he only looked over at me. “You got any plumbing issues? I’m more than happy to help out.”
And that was why I was starting to think that maybe this could work, despite our issues. “All the time,” I admitted with a smile. “Summer tends to be heavy on electricity issues, though. Air conditioners going on the fritz and such. I do a lot of quick maintenance on them, but I have to call someone out every now and then.”
He grinned at me as we pulled into a driveway. “I’m starting to learn that you’re a rather self-sufficient woman.”
His praise made me feel warm inside. I couldn’t help but watch him as I introduced him to my tenant and we stepped inside the already-warm house. I tinkered with the AC, checking the p-trap and resetting the breakers while Jackson chatted with Eliza and even held her baby while she pointed out issues with the toilets running and making their water bill climb.
Luckily, the AC fix was an easy one, and I had it blowing cool air again within an hour. Jackson fixed her toilets, a leak in the kitchen sink, and by the time we left, had completely charmed Eliza. I drove him out to another house that I knew had leaky faucets, and we got those fixed as well. With fifty-six houses to maintain, I pretty much ran out to visit at least one a day. That was my job - making sure everyone was taken care of and collecting rent. Once we were done, though, I drove around the small suburb since Jackson seemed interested, and gave him a tour of Alice Lane as well as Cash Drive, June Court (my mother’s name) and Donald Way (my father’s name). We unofficially called them the Savage Estates, and even though it was just a bunch of ranch houses out in the boonies, I was proud of them and what they represented. Jackson seemed pleased at them, too. I then gave him a tour of the rest of Savage property, since my big Victorian was situated on a couple hundred acres in the other direction. They’d been seeded with a lot of fast growing trees and barb-wire fenced some time ago so we’d have a safe place to run and play and be wolves without fear of getting shot by hunters. It was a rarity in this day and age, and I loved the freedom we had.
The Savage pack was self-sufficient. We didn’t need anyone. We especially didn’t need the Alliance.
And part of me kind of hated that we needed Jackson. The fact that he made me feel all weird and fluttery inside? Felt a bit like betrayal. Like being attracted to him meant I was somehow doing a disservice to my pack history.

~~ * ~~

The day was a long, long one.
By the time we’d finished running around the Savage Estates and touring our property, we came home and ordered pizza. I found that the rest of the pack seemed to be getting along great, with the exception of Len, who had returned but was still sulky. We all hung out in the living room and watched movies together, eating pizza and popcorn and chattering through the movie.
Holly held the baby, and I noticed that Dan sat next to her on the loveseat, though he was stiff and awkward.
I knew how he felt. I’d sat on the sofa and Jackson had promptly sat right next to me, draping his arm over my shoulders in a possessive move that Len hadn’t missed. I knew it was for show. Jackson had to push his role as alpha and my mate onto the others. Once they accepted it, they’d relax and settle in and things would smooth out. Len would step back into his role as beta and be fine with Jackson.
It was just me that was skittish. Me that had a hard time relaxing when Jackson’s arm lay over my shoulders or played with my hair. And when I yawned through the second movie and Jackson suggested that we head to bed? I was pretty sure that everyone scented my nervousness, even though no one commented on it.
We headed up to my room after saying our goodnights to the others. Our Victorian was split, bedroom-wise, and the alphas had rooms opposite from the rest of the pack. Our rooms were bigger than the others, and the room that Cash had shared with Joanne was currently empty. Jackson could always take that one once his dominance was firmly established.
But for now? While we were still establishing pack hierarchy? He’d be bunking with me.
And that made me nervous and on edge.
His hand was on my back as we entered my room. My bed was a full size and stood in the center of the room. I stared at it as I entered, painfully aware of just how small it would be with two normal-sized people in it. I turned and shut the door, trying to think. There was a chair in my room, but I was aware that Jackson hadn’t slept much last night. Putting him back in the uncomfortable chair would be unfair to him, and I needed him strong.
But I still hesitated.
“I can sleep in the chair,” he said, as if sensing my thoughts.
“No,” I told him. “It’s cool. We can share the bed. We’re supposed to be mated, anyhow.”
“You sure?” He raised an eyebrow at me.
“Oh yeah,” I said, making sure my voice was as casual as I could make it. “No problem.”
“All right, then.” He moved into the room and began to strip off his shirt. “You want the right side or the left side?”
“Left.” We were so normal about all of this. Like it was nothing. I glanced over at him from under my lashes and noticed his broad bare chest. He was unbuckling his belt and sliding down his jeans, and I caught sight of a pair of checkered boxers before I turned away again.
I needed to change, too. I could just strip down my clothing. Nudity wasn’t anything for shifters, especially werewolves, since you tore off your clothing before a change so you didn’t ruin it. I’d seen everyone in my small pack more naked than most people saw their spouses. But this was different. This was me, getting undressed to climb into bed with my mate.
But I couldn’t leave the room to change. What if the others noticed? Plus, I needed to get used to seeing Jackson naked - the full moon was tomorrow night and that meant a pack run. If I acted all maidenly around him then, it’d make things worse. Sucking in a deep breath, I turned my back to him, pulled my shirt over my head, and began to change out of my clothing.
I kept my eyes straight ahead, staring at the wall as I methodically undressed and changed into my sleep t-shirt. If he watched me, I didn’t notice. I concentrated on undressing and then tossing my clothes in the hamper. When I turned around, Jackson was already in bed - right side - and fluffing one of my pillows. I sucked in a deep breath, turned off the light, and climbed into bed next to him.
My bed was small. Way freaking small. Even when I turned on my side, I could feel Jackson’s skin against mine, his arm against my arm. I turned on my side, but then it meant that my ass brushed up against his arm. Didn’t want that. Of course, if I flipped around, my breasts would be rubbing up against him and my face would be inches away from him. Didn’t want that, either. I laid on my back again, staring up at the ceiling.
“Do you wanna talk, Alice?”
Jackson’s voice was ultra low, so low that I could barely hear it over the distant roar of another movie downstairs, and the low hum of conversation. He was deliberately trying to keep our conversation quiet, so the others wouldn’t pick up that we were talking. I looked over at him in bed, and as I did, he turned on his side, facing me. His scent overwhelmed my nostrils.
God, he smelled good. God, I was so nervous.
“Talk?” I whispered. “About what?”
“Me and you. You’re scared of me. I can smell it.”
So humiliating. “I am not.”
“You’re also lying in this bed, stiff as a board.”
I said nothing.
He rubbed his neck, then sighed. “Hell, Alice, you’re making me feel like a damn rapist.”
That only made me go stiffer. “Sorry.”
“Look, have I made you uncomfortable somehow? Done something to freak you out?”
I shook my head, feeling a little guilty. “It’s not you. It’s me. Everyone’s going to be expecting, you know. You and me. And I’m…”
“A virgin. I remember.” He sighed. “Trust me, I remember.” To my surprise, he reached out and brushed a lock of hair off my forehead. It was a possessive, yet weirdly comforting gesture. “And they’re not expecting you and me to marry. They just want pack life to get back to normal. They’re desperate for it and looking to us for cues.”
I was desperate for it, too. But I couldn’t say that.
“Thing is,” Jackson said, then paused. “You jump every time I touch you. You’re stiff with dread every time my arm brushes yours. And that’s just going to keep dividing lines.”
Stiff…with dread? “I’m not stiff with dread,” I pointed out. “I’m just…a virgin. This is a lot for me to take in, you know.”
“I know.” His voice was achingly soft. “You ever been kissed?”
I could feel my face heating up in the dark. “Once. When I was twelve. Then Cash beat the hell out of him for touching his sister.”
Jackson chuckled. “Cash sounds like a good brother.”
He was an overprotective, arrogant ass. He was a risk-taker, quick to argue, hard-headed, stubborn, and unbending. And I desperately, desperately missed him. “He was the best,” I said, my voice hoarse with tears.
Warm arms wrapped around me, and I found my face being pressed against warm male chest. “I’m sorry, Alice. I know this is hard on you. You haven’t even had a chance to grieve. Not properly. You’re too busy trying to hold shit together.”
Hot tears poured from my eyes. To hear someone verbalize exactly how I felt? Lost, alone, and so miserable? It felt good - and awful - at the same time. I buried my face against his chest and tried to muffle my sniffles even as I continued to cry. I couldn’t weep for my lost brother in front of the pack. I had to be strong. But here? In a stranger’s arms? I was going to be allowed to grieve.
Jackson continued to stroke my hair and my back while I cried quietly, simply holding me and comforting me. Eventually, my tears died away. I remained in his arms, though, comforted by his gentle touches and caresses.
“Is my touch bothering you?” he asked, his voice low and husky against my ear. “Do you want me to stop?”
Just the feel of his breath against my skin made me shiver. But…I didn’t want him to stop. I was warm, and comforted, and for the first time in weeks, I felt safe. “I…no. I like your touch.”
And then I felt a blush crawl up my cheeks for saying that.
“Good. I like touching you, too.”
My body prickled with awareness, and I became extremely aware of how I was pressed against him. My breasts - loose under my sleep shirt - were pressed to his chest, and one of my knees was between his. “Well,” I said shyly. “This is one way to get used to each other.”
“It is,” he agreed, and there was a hint of amusement in his voice. I couldn’t see his face, though, since I was pressed against his chest, but I could picture the smile on his mouth. “You know…you’re welcome to explore me, if you like.”
“Explore?”
“Yeah. Your virginity? It can stay as long as you want. You take the lead. But…if you want to explore me without fear, get to know a man, you can. I’m willing.”
I sat up, frowning down at him in the bed. His face was utterly serious - and utterly gorgeous - in the low moonlight trickling in through the blinds. “Is that a pick-up line?”
“Not at all. But you and I are mates.” His fingers reached up to brush against the bite mark on my neck. “For the good of both of our packs. So I figure this relationship can be as chaste - or not - as you want it to be. I know what I want, but I’m willing to let you lead.”
Anxiety - and anticipation - fluttered through me. “And…what is it you want?”
He just gave me a sleepy-eyed look, full of desire. “You could touch me and see exactly what I want.”
I sucked in a breath, my mind filling with images. Me, leaning over the bed, pulling down the blankets, and exposing Jackson - all of Jackson - to my gaze. Leisurely touching him however I wanted. Seeing how he liked it.
The thought was incredibly appealing.
“Go on,” he murmured, pulling the blankets down and exposing his chest to me. “I won’t touch you, Alice. Not unless you ask me to.”
Hesitant, I sat back on my knees and regarded him. I placed my palm against his chest, right over his heart. The heavy thump thump in his chest sped up a little at my touch. He felt warm, too, his skin soft. His chest was tanned, though I could see tan-lines on his body - darker mid-bicep and around his collar. A redneck tan, Trina would laugh. But looking at this gorgeous man in my bed? It wasn’t amusing so much as it was fascinating. He had a sprinkle of chest hair across his pectorals, too, and it narrowed to a trail that led down his belly and disappeared into the waistband of his boxers. I pulled the blankets down, unable to stop myself from looking…and stopped.
His boxers were tented, his arousal evident.
My startled gaze flew back to him, but he hadn’t moved. He was still watching me with that predatory gaze, his eyes gleaming with wolf. He was…aroused at my touch? At the thought of me exploring him?
I felt my own arousal rise through me, speeding my pulse even faster. I knew he only wanted me because I came with the pack, but it was hard not to be attracted to him. Jackson was gorgeous to look at, and utterly masculine. And despite that outward serenity? He was all alpha, and it called to me and sang in my blood. Likewise, he probably felt a pull to me because I was a female alpha, but I wasn’t a beauty. My nose was short, my chin stubborn and square, and I didn’t do anything with my hair other than wash it. I’d lost weight in the past few weeks because of stress, so I probably looked all hollow and lost.
I hesitated, then brushed my hand down his thigh. It was lightly sprinkled with hair, and strong. I felt his muscles twitch as I touched him, and he groaned, shifting in the bed. I could have sworn his boxers moved a little, too. That was fascinating.
But I wasn’t ready to touch him there, yet. So I ran my fingers back up his leg and then across his stomach, feeling the hard muscles there. He was trim, not an ounce of fat on him. His biceps were corded with muscle, and all of him was gorgeous. He was built like a statue, except warm and flexing under my touch.
My fingertips skimmed one nipple, and I glanced at his face to see his reaction.
He gave another low groan, his gaze on my face.
I could feel my own breathing becoming rapid, my nipples tight. The scent of my arousal began to hang in the air, along with a thickening musky smell that I’d come to associate with Jackson.
I ran my fingers along the taut nipple again, curious. “Do men like to be touched here?”
“Not as much as they like to be touched in other places,” he admitted, his voice tight.
“Oh,” I said, fascinated by his reactions. And I wanted more of them. Wanted to see what else I could do to him. So I went back to touching him, my hand stroking down the firm wall of his chest. Did I dare to continue exploring?
“You can stop if you want,” he told me, again in that curiously tight voice. “I don’t want you to do anything you don’t want to do.”
But I was having fun. And I’d never explored a man’s body before. I wanted to continue, so I just shook my head and slipped my hand into his boxers.
His skin was scorching hot. Immediately, my fingers brushed against the hard length of his cock, and something wet.
Jackson’s breath hissed out of him, and then his hands were pushing past mine to tug at his boxers. “Take these off.”
I retreated, watching as he slid the boxers down his legs and kicked them to the ground, and then he was naked and laying before me.
And oh mercy, he was utterly gorgeous. Shifters tended to have appealing bodies anyhow. We were naturally athletic as a race, and our metabolisms allowed us to eat like monsters. But some people were just flat out mouth-watering, and Jackson was clearly one of them. He had a tan-line right above his groin, and below that, his skin was pale white. The dark trail of hair seemed bold against his skin, leading to the curls surrounding his cock and balls. And, well, he was lucky enough to be extremely well-equipped. His cock was long and smooth, the head glistening with pre-cum. His balls were tight round globes underneath, and I was curious to see what they’d feel like.
I glanced up at Jackson.
He nodded at me, that heavy-lidded gaze watching my every move. His hands still lay to his sides, but I noticed they were curled into fists, now. So he wouldn’t reach for me and spoil my fun?
I hesitated a moment longer, and then my wolf curiosity got the best of me. My fingers stroked through the curls of his sex, and I brushed them against his sac. The skin there was softer than I’d imagined, yet delicate. Fascinated, I trailed my fingertips upward, tracing a large vein that ran along the underside of his cock.
His breathing became rapid. “That feels good, Alice. I like your touch. Your hands are soft.”
“Softer than yours,” I said, surprised at my teasing as I wrapped my fingers around his length, testing the girth of him. Thicker than I’d imagined, too.
“Feels better on my cock than all these calluses,” he told me, spreading a hand out so I could see.
As he did, I wondered how those calluses would feel against my skin. I shivered at the thought, my nipples pricking again, and I shifted in place, feeling deliciously slick between my legs. “Have you had many lovers?” I couldn’t help but ask. I had to know.
“Not many,” he admitted. “Don’t like to get involved without some sort of commitment.”
I understood that. It was exactly why I was a virgin still: pack came first in all aspects. I studied my hand on his cock and wondered if I was brave enough to take him into my mouth and taste him. Maybe not yet, though I was curious what his flavor would be like on my tongue. Instead, I gave his cock an awkward stroke, then frowned when my fingers dragged on his skin and he winced.
“Am I doing this wrong?”
“Depends on what it is you’re wanting to do.”
My cheeks felt scorching hot. “I thought I’d…um…”
“Hand job?” he murmured, his hand moving to my thigh and stroking it in a comforting fashion. Not sexual, just petting me, letting me know everything was okay.
I nodded.
“Those are tricky without lube of some kind. You could spit on your hand.” At my screwed up face of disgust, he chuckled. “Or not. How about lotion?”
“I have lotion,” I said breathlessly, and leaned over to my nightstand, grabbing the tube of lotion I kept for winter nights, when my legs were dry. As I sat back down, I noticed his gaze had slid to my ass and he’d been watching me move. That made me feel all hot and achy inside, in a pleasant way.
I held out the tube to him, settling back down to my place at his side.
He shook his head, hot gaze on me, that thumb still lightly stroking my thigh. “You do it. Put some on your palms and rub them together to heat it up.”
I hesitated. “What if I do something wrong?”
“You won’t,” he said, and gave me that lazy smile that made my heart flip-flop in my chest.
I squirted an enormous amount of lotion onto my hands and tossed the tube aside, then rubbed them together until they were slick. Then I looked over at his face, judging to see his reaction. When he nodded again, I laid my hands on his cock and encircled it, then pumped.
“Ah, fuck,” he bit out.
I flinched, my hands flying away. “What?”
“No, no,” he said quickly, his hand going back to my thigh and patting it. “You’re doing good, Alice. It just felt…really damn good. Startled me with how good.”
“Oh.” I studied his face a moment longer, then encircled his cock with my slippery fingers again, stroking the hard length of him up and down. I repeated the motion slowly, once or twice, then looked to him for guidance.
“Tighten your fingers like a circle,” he told me, and strain was evident on his face. “Stroke hard and fast. I like it that way.”
I focused on him again, my gaze sliding back to his cock. The head was beaded with even more pre-cum, and as I watched, a drop dribbled down one side of the crown. I wanted to lick him - but at this point, I’d get a mouthful of lotion. So I just gripped my fingers around him and squirmed hard at the low groan he gave in response, my sex wet with my own need. God, who knew that jerking a guy off would be so hot?
He made a low growl in his throat that I found incredibly erotic, and I began to stroke again, my slippery fingers gliding over him. I tightened my grip, moving harder and faster against his hot skin, and his hand began to clench my thigh, hard, which only excited me and made me apply more pressure.
Then, suddenly, his big hand covered one of mine and he began to guide my stroking, tightening my hand against him and guiding me harder and faster. Then, with a heavy exhale of breath, he came. Semen spurted onto his stomach and my hands, and I watched, fascinated, as he continued to use my grip to milk his orgasm. His eyes were tightly shut, his face contorted with pleasure.
A few moments later, he slowed and then released my hand. His eyes opened and he gave me the warmest, most sheepish smile I’d ever seen on him. “And here I promised not to grab you.”
“It’s okay,” I said breathlessly, my hands still covered with his come and lotion. I wanted to do more. Keep touching him. Something. I felt satisfied that I’d made him come so hard, but curiously malcontent. And overheated.
As I stared at him, Jackson reached over the side of the bed and grabbed his boxers, then swabbed my hands with them. When they were wiped mostly clean, I retreated to the adjoining bathroom and washed my hands, then crawled back into bed.
To my disappointment, he’d produced a new set of boxers and had put them on. He joined me in the bed a moment later, and I didn’t flinch when his skin rubbed against mine this time. Now he felt warm and wonderful against me, and I relaxed when he put a hand around my waist, drawing me against him.
His lips brushed my cheekbone in the barest kiss. “Night, Alice.”
“Night,” I murmured to him, staring at the wall. I wanted him to roll me over and touch me. I wanted to touch him more. I wanted him to give me a real kiss, not the peck on the cheek.
But I didn’t know how to ask for any of it. So I closed my eyes and went to sleep, his big, delicious body pressed against mine.


Chapter Eight

“You sure you’re going to be okay?” I bounced baby Eddie for a minute, then pulled him close and pressed a kiss to his forehead, inhaling the baby scent before I handed him back to Holly. “I don’t like leaving you behind.”
“Someone has to stay with the baby,” she said with a sweet smile, accepting him back into her arms. Eddie held his chubby hands out to Holly, eager for her again, and she held him close, grinning. “Dan promised to take me out on a run tomorrow night just to get the wolf out of my system.”
Well, that wasn’t surprising. In the short time that Dan had arrived into our pack, the young man had meshed with the teenagers as if he’d been here all his life. His eager-to-please personality was a perfect fit with my group, especially good-natured and shy Holly. The two of them had taken to each other as if they’d been sweethearts all their lives, and every time I turned a corner, I found them sitting or whispering together, or playing with the baby together. There was never anything untoward going on - I suspected Dan was extremely conscious of his place in the new pack - but it was clear they mutually adored each other. Two missing puzzle pieces, suddenly joined at the hip.
I was envious of their easy acceptance of each other. Why couldn’t I have been that way with Jackson? Instead, every time he looked at me, I blushed bright red. Every time he touched me, I jumped. I gave a nervous laugh every time he cast a flirty comment in my direction.
In short, I was obvious as hell and completely uncomfortable. I didn’t know if I should flirt back - heck, I didn’t know how to flirt back - and I didn’t know how he’d react if I did. So I just stared at him when he teased me.
Sexy, I know.
Which was why I was glad that tonight was the full moon and we were readying for our pack run. Some packs just let their members turn wolf whenever, or spent a ton of time in wolf form. My father had always cautioned me against it, though; it was too easy to give in to the beast and let it turn you wild. We were human above all things, and we needed to embrace our human side, and just let the wolf out to play occasionally. With civilization creeping into every corner of the world and no place safe for a wolf anymore, it made even more sense to hunt as a pack. Safety in numbers. We’d go out as a group, spend all night hunting and howling at the moon, vent a little steam, and return in the morning ready to go a few more weeks in our two-legged forms.
But I was reluctant to leave Holly and Dan behind. I knew, logically, that someone would have to stay with the baby. We couldn’t just leave him to fend for himself all night.
As I watched, Dan moved forward and held a finger out for Eddie to grab. The baby snagged it, fur sprouted in a show of aggression, and then he giggled, the fur dying away again. Dan grinned at me, clearly pleased.
I sighed. They’d be fine, but I still worried. Tonight was the full moon, and Roscoe was still out there, looking to score females for his pack. Holly was vulnerable. “All right. You have the keys to the panic room if anything happens?”
Holly nodded, glancing over at Dan. “We’ll probably go in there and watch movies anyhow. Just to be safe.”
I leaned in and gave her a quick kiss on the forehead. “You do that. I like safe.”
She took the baby’s hand in hers and guided it into the baby version of a half-wave. “We’ll be fine. You go have fun.”
I left them reluctantly, heading out to the back porch. The air was hot and humid despite the fact that it was almost nine at night and the sun was finally going down. The heat wouldn’t matter once we were in wolf form - you’d be surprised at how little things like that matter when you’re in wolf form - but for now, the bodies of my waiting pack were gleaming with a fine sheen of sweat and I could smell it in the air, along with burgeoning excitement. Len, Spence, and Trina were waiting on the back porch, hanging out on one of the stair rails and horseplaying. Jackson stood nearby, leaning against one of the plantation-style pillars and watching them bicker with amusement.
All eyes turned to me the moment I arrived, and I felt an excited flutter in my stomach. Time to run. I stripped off my shirt, grinning. “Let’s go, then.”
I’d been nervous about changing full wolf in front of Jackson, but the moment the anticipation hit me, all worry disappeared. I tore off clothing, feeling the itch of transformation under my skin. When I was naked, I knelt on the porch on all fours, noticing the others were only a pace behind. My wolf came to the forefront then, and the shift tore through me, the painfully sweet jolts of muscle and tendon and bone locking and maneuvering into a new form. Shifting hurt - it always hurt - but you grew to anticipate the pain because of what came next: pure and utter freedom.
In wolf form, I bounded off the porch and looked back at the others, wagging my tail and waiting. My ears pricked as I took in the sounds of their changes. Jackson was done - a shaggy yellow-brown wolf - but had waited on the others. Spence was next, his wolf small and dark, and Trina’s gangly she-wolf form. Then Len, who was tall and lean and equally so in wolf form. Now that my pack was ready, I gave a small whine to call their attention, and then darted for the trees.
I could hear the others behind me, paws hitting the ground. I flicked my ears and slowed my pace, waiting for Jackson to take the lead. He was the alpha, and even though I might dart off into the woods, Cash had always overtaken the lead from me.
But instead of passing me, Jackson simply nipped my flanks, indicating that I should keep running. He was content to let me lead. My pack, my woods, my lead. I turned and gave him a wolfy grin before lifting my head and howling to the moon.
The first few hours of wolfiness were usually the most feral. We’d run at top speed, howl at anything in the sky, chase anything moving, and generally act like wild dogs with our first taste of freedom in weeks. I was no better, of course, being just as obnoxiously frisky as the others. Eventually, though, the racing through the woods turned into games. We wrestled, chased each other, and then played a wolf version of hide and seek where you attempted to hide your scent trail from the others. Spence, Trina and Len knew the games well, but I imagine we surprised Jackson when we all dashed away in opposite directions at once - and he’d been more or less defaulted to ‘it.’
I bounded through the woods, lungs full of night air and the scent of the trees. I could smell skunk and armadillo, squirrel and snake, and some sort of musky dead thing in the distance that made me want to check it out, but curiosity took a second place to the thrill of the chase, and I bolted through the woods merrily.
As my paws landed on a ridge, something hot snaked around one foot and then the world tilted. The next thing I knew, pain was lancing up my hind leg and I was dangling, upside down, from a tree. I’d been caught in a snare of some kind.
I yelped, but no one was close by to hear me. I flailed helplessly, but the rope only continued to cut harder into my foot, and I could feel the bones straining. My wolf hind leg couldn’t support my body - I needed to transform, and fast. Furious, I called up my human side and began the painful transformation back.
A few minutes later, my human form was writhing upside down, the rope cutting into my ankle. I swung back and forth, my head a few feet from the ground. If I stretched, I couldn’t quite touch the ground - my fingers barely brushed the grass.
 “Hello?” I called. “Anybody? I’m stuck!” I was going to be furious later, when I had time to relax and calm down and let it process that someone had been on my property and set a rope trap. But for now, I was focused on the pain in my leg and the need to get down.
I heard rustling in the distance, and that musky dead smell grew stronger. I tried to spin around, hearing something coming up behind me, but I only managed to make myself swing from the tree.
A moment later, the dead smell grew stronger, overwhelming…along with the smell of my hated enemy.
Roscoe.
A shiver of fear crept up my spine, immediately followed by anger. How dare he come on my land and set traps? He didn’t belong here. He’d be attacked by any other wolf clan for simply encroaching territory. But he kept straying onto ours because he thought we had no alpha and were vulnerable.
He was about to be in for a shock, then.
“I might have known,” I said fiercely. I twisted in the ropes again, flinging my arms wide to try and grasp on to something. “I thought I smelled something foul.”
“Thought I’d disguise my scent,” Roscoe drawled. “Can’t have you figuring out all my plans based on smell alone, now can I? Ain’t no fun in that.”
“You need to leave Savage territory,” I told him coldly. “I’m warning you.”
He slapped my naked ass. “Had no idea you had such a nice body, girl. It’s gonna be fun to mate you.”
I twisted, trying to show my neck. “Joke’s on you, jackass. You’re too late. I’m already mated.”
“Say what?”
I heard the knife a moment before the rope slackened, and then I was dumped unceremoniously to the ground. I barely managed to roll, my reflexes automatically shifting my body to protect my head. I scrambled to my feet, feeling dizzy from my stint upside down, and glared at Roscoe while wobbling.
I wasn’t about to run away. Not from him. This was a direct challenge and I’d be damned if I ran away from a challenge. I wouldn’t run from this bully. Not anymore.
He eyed my naked body up and down, anger making his jaw clench. Roscoe was a hard man. Everything about him was hard used, from the deep crinkles around his eyes to the hard set of his mouth, to the gray in his dirty hair. Even his eyes were cold and mean. He was strong, though, and wiry. And mentally? He was a scary motherfucker.
I met his gaze, unwilling to drop my eyes.
He grinned at me. “You got some nice tits, too.”
“Thanks,” I said, putting my hands on my hips. “I’ll be sure and let my new alpha know you approve.” I tossed my hair back so he could see the mate mark on my throat.
His cold eyes narrowed. “Now, why’d you go and do that for? You know I’d have taken care of you.”
“I’m not interested in your care.”
Roscoe’s mouth curved in a hard, ugly smile. “You know that boy of yours isn’t strong enough to beat me if I’m interested in taking over.”
“Len’s not my alpha,” I told him simply. “I got someone stronger. Someone from out of the area who was looking for a pack. Which means you need to go.”
“Really,” he said, rocking back on his heels. His fingers dug into his belt loops, and then he wiped a hand on his dirty shirt, that awful, skunky smell wafting into the air again. “And you already mated him?”
“That’s right.”
“He a good fuck? Lick that pussy hard?”
Shocked by his crude words, I felt the color rising in my face. “That’s none of your business.”
Roscoe snorted, and he stalked toward me. Anyone else would have dropped their ground, retreated a few steps, but I was locked into place, my will not allowing me to give him a bit of ground. If I gave him an inch, I’d find myself his in all ways.
He reached for my throat and I slapped his hands away. The next thing I knew, he was shoving me backward and I was pinned against a tree, the bark biting into my back. His hand clenched my jaw, his bigger frame stronger than me.
I snarled at him, showing my teeth. “Don’t you fucking touch me!”
He ignored my protests, shoving my head backward and forcibly exposing my neck so he could look at my mate mark. Then, he tilted my head back down.
“He got a big cock, girl? Or should I check for myself if he’s used you hard?”
I struggled against his hand. “I do not have to answer any of this!”
“No, you don’t,” he said in a mean voice. “That blush on your cheeks tells me everything. You’re still a virgin, aren’t you?”
I stilled, frozen at his words. “I have a mate.”
“No, you have a guy that bit your neck, precious.” He pinched my chin, harder. “If I throw you down on the forest floor here and fuck you myself, I can just as easily cover that mate mark with one of my own. Then you and your pack are all mine. What do you think of that?”
“I think I’d like to see you fucking try,” I bit out, and slashed my nails at his face.
My nails connected with the soft flesh of his eye. I felt him jerk even as he howled with anger, and his hand pinned my neck to the tree, choking me. I scratched and clawed at his hand, desperately trying to get free as Roscoe reeled from my attack. A moment later, he recovered, squinting up at me from his good eye.
And then he clocked me straight in the face with his fist.
Pain exploded behind my cheekbone, and I grunted when he struck me. That only made me fight harder, though, because I knew that if I backed down now, it was going to be much, much worse for me in the end.
So I fought.
I kicked and struck, snarling my fury, even as Roscoe hit me back, trying to subdue me. The world became a ringing of blows around my face, and he tried to trap my arms even as I fought and flailed against him. I would not go down without a fight.
But the world was getting dark, and it was getting harder and harder to breathe, Roscoe’s big hand tightening on my throat. He was choking the life out of me, and I couldn’t seem to get any air into my lungs. Blackness swirled at the edges of my vision.
A blur erupted from the corner of my eye, and the next thing I knew, I dropped to the ground, my throat released. Mad snarls filled the air, and I coughed, looking up to see that familiar yellow-brown wolf attacking Roscoe. Until I saw him against Roscoe’s human form, I hadn’t realized how big Jackson was as a wolf. He was enormous, though, all bristling fur and white fang, and he’d taken almost no time to subdue Roscoe. Even now, the other man was holding an arm braced over his face and neck to protect it, while Jackson snarled and slashed at it, going for his throat.
“Back off, Jackson,” I told him in a raspy voice, rising from the ground. There was blood in the corner of my mouth and I wiped it, hating the taste. “Don’t kill him.”
“Listen to your bitch,” Roscoe called from over Jackson’s snarls. “Don’t kill me. It’s just pack disputes.”
Jackson backed off, returning to my side, still growling and feral, his hackles raised. He began to transform even as Roscoe picked himself up off the ground and began to run away, heading deep into the woods. I touched my face, assessing my wounds. My eye was swelling and my nose hurt like a bitch, but my teeth weren’t loose and it didn’t feel like anything was broken. It’d heal.
Most importantly, I was disturbed by what Roscoe had said.
You’re still a virgin. It wouldn’t take much for me to throw you on the ground and put my mate mark over his.
I still wasn’t protected. Not really. We’d taken steps, but I had to accept Jackson in all ways before my pack would be truly safe. Shit.
Jackson stood at my side, in human form. His hand went to my shoulder protectively, and I looked at him.
His normally easygoing, handsome face was hard with anger, a snarl still curving his mouth. He looked furious, his eyes black. Blood tinged his mouth, and I watched his nostrils flare repeatedly as he attempted to get his anger under control.
We watched Roscoe lope away. “You’ll be sorry,” he muttered, staring back at us and then disappearing into the bushes.
Jackson could have gone after him, but Roscoe had lost a challenge. When you lost a challenge, you let the opponent limp away to lick their wounds. You didn’t attack him again.
And I was here, wounded. The alpha male would never leave the alpha female injured and unprotected.
Jackson’s hand flexed on my shoulder, and then he turned to me, his beautiful mouth hard. His gaze moved over my face, and his fingers gently brushed my chin. “You okay?”
I nodded. “He caught me in a rope trap.”
He examined my wounds, his fingers brushing over them as if he needed to assess them for himself. I could tell he was still pissed. Fury was locked in every muscle of his body. No sign of easygoing alpha here. This Jackson was cold and furious.
“You got here just in time,” I told him softly. “Another moment and I probably would have lost consciousness.” My hand went to my bruised throat. “And Roscoe’s not the type to ease up just because the girl’s unconscious.”
That only made Jackson more angry, and he stared back at the woods where Roscoe had left. I could tell it was killing him not to go after him, but that wasn’t the wolf way. He finally turned back to me. “You sure you’re okay?”
What, did he expect tears? “No, I want to punch something. It’ll be you if you keep asking me if I’m okay.”
A hint of a smile tugged at his mouth and he pulled me close, and pressed a kiss to my temple. “Ah, the female alpha.”
I didn’t know if that was admiration or irritation. But I allowed him to hug me close and kiss my forehead, and I let him keep his arm around me as we walked through the woods.
The pack caught up with us as we walked back, and I heard Trina’s worried whining at the sight of my bruises.
“I’m fine,” I told them. “Just had a run in with Roscoe. Jackson chased him off.”
Spence came up and licked my hand, seeking reassurance, while Trina whined and moved closer to Jackson. Even Len loped a bit closer.
“We’re all fine,” I told them again, my voice reassuring. “It’s handled. Jackson took care of it. Roscoe was mad that he was thwarted and he caught me unawares. It won’t happen again. No need to be upset.”
Easy for me to say. I was serene on the outside, but there was a hard pit of anger in my stomach. It wasn’t just anger at Roscoe, either. It was anger at myself, and at Jackson.
If sleeping with Jackson would keep my pack safe, then I needed to do it, and he needed to push me toward it, damn it. No more of this easygoing shit.


Chapter Nine

Jackson was getting good at sensing my moods. By the time we headed up to our shared room (after soothing the rest of the pack again), I was bitterly angry and feeling helpless.
As soon as the door was shut behind us, though, Jackson took one look at my face and pointed me to the bed. “Sit there.”
I thumped to it, seething at my inability to resist his command and my stupid desire to please him that came with talking to an alpha. “Why?”
He went to the bathroom and ran the water, then returned to my side with a wet towel. Jackson sat next to me and his fingers brushed under my chin, tilting my head so he could examine my wounds. “So I can help you clean up.”
I sat there, stewing, while he patted at my bruises and cuts. My one eye was swollen, but I imagined it’d go down by tomorrow. Werewolves healed fast. I’d taken quite a beating, but within a few days I’d be good as new again.
“You wanna tell me why you’re mad?” Jackson asked.
“Why wouldn’t I be mad? That asshole was on my property.” My fists clenched at the memory of Roscoe’s hard face. His hand slapping my ass. The indignity of it all.
“You have every right to be mad about that,” he said, and dabbed at a scratch on my cheek. “I meant why are you mad at me?”
I gave him a narrowed look. “I’m not mad.”
“You are,” he said, putting down the cloth. “You’re vibrating with it. I’ve done something that made you angry. Might as well tell me what it is and how it relates to this Roscoe stuff.”
I swallowed hard. Tried to compose myself. Failed. “You’re not pushing me.”
“Not pushing you?” His brows drew together.
“To consummate this mating,” I hissed at him, then lowered my voice when I was sure the others would pick up on it. “Roscoe could tell I was a virgin.”
Jackson regarded me. “And you’re mad about that?”
“I’m mad because every day that I’m still a virgin is another day that my pack isn’t safe.” I glared at him. “And you haven’t even kissed me.”
He studied my face. “I don’t want you to make a decision like that under duress. You have to be ready to move forward.”
“My pack depends on me moving forward—“
“Your personal life is yours. It’s not your pack’s.”
I began to get irritated with his attitude. “It’s intertwined.”
“To an extent. But you have to make decisions for you.”
Was he not listening to me? I was trapped on all sides. “Everything I do is for the good of the pack.”
“I know. But I want you to make one decision for yourself.” His fingers lightly touched my jaw again, examining my battle wounds.
“You’re not making this easy for me,” I said testily. “You’re supposed to kiss me and seduce me. You’re the alpha.”
“You’re an alpha, too,” he told me. And then his thumb brushed over my lower lip. “You want me to kiss you?”
I grew flustered at his direct, piercing gaze. I could still see flickers of wolf in his eyes - as it was probably still in mine. How did I answer that? Would saying yes mean showing throat to him? Could I let go of even a little bit of pride to ask for what I wanted?
“Shouldn’t we kiss?” I asked, letting my bluster answer for me.
That slow smile spread across his face. “I figured what we did last night was more intimate than kissing.”
My throat went dry, thinking of last night. My slick hands moving over his cock, and how it had made me hot just to touch him.
“But maybe you need to kiss?” Jackson asked softly. He moved a little closer to me on the bed, and I suddenly remembered that we were both still naked and sweaty from our run in the woods. His scent overwhelmed me, as did the nearness of all that bare, tanned skin.
Jackson studied my face a moment longer. “Does your mouth hurt?”
I studied his lips, in a daze with how close they were to mine. It was a strange thing to ask. My breasts ached, the nipples tight. Even my sex felt achy. Empty. But my mouth? “Does my mouth hurt?” I echoed, confused.
“Did he hit you in your mouth?”
Oh. A flush hit me again. That was what he’d been talking about? I felt foolish. “No, my mouth is okay.” Was he going to kiss me or not?
“Good,” he said, and leaned in, his hand sliding to the back of my neck and pulling me closer to him.
His mouth closed over mine.
I was startled at how fast it happened. I was kissing Jackson. I could feel the scruff of his unshaven jaw against the edge of my mouth, scraping against my cheek. In contrast, his lips felt firm against my own. He sucked lightly on my lower lip while I was still processing all the sensations, and I gasped. He continued to suck on my lower lip, then began to kiss my upper lip, caressing me in slow, careful motions. My eyes closed and I let the sensations move over me.
His tongue slicked between my parted lips.
I moaned and my skin prickled with awareness. Oh…wow. I clung to him, needing his body against mine, and my nipples brushed against his bare chest, sending twin pinpricks of arousal through my body. His tongue stroked deeper into my mouth, thrusting, and it send an odd, thrilling quiver deep inside me. He slicked into my mouth again, his tongue tangling with mine, and I began to respond to the kiss, opening my mouth for his invasion and holding onto him as he made love to my mouth. Soon, I was slick with need all over again, my pulse pounding, and the scent of my arousal hung in the air between us.
Jackson broke the kiss a moment later, and I panted against his mouth, dazed.
“No more tonight, Alice,” he murmured against my mouth, and then grazed it with another kiss.
“Why not?” I tried to press my mouth to his again, wanting more kisses. God, he kissed amazingly. I could live with his mouth on mine forever.
“Because you went through enough today, and I don’t think that any decision you made tonight wouldn’t be affected by what happened.” He gazed into my face and his thumb moved over my lower lip again. It felt swollen and delicious from his kisses. “And when we move forward, I want it to be because you want to move forward, not because you feel pressured to.”
I sighed. I wanted to move forward now. My body ached for him, and I felt delicious with need. But then his fingers brushed over my swollen eye and I winced, reminded of Roscoe.
There’d be more time for this sort of thing later.

~~ * ~~

“Don’t be nervous,” Jackson told me with amusement as we got out of the car. “It’s just dinner.”
I snorted. “I’m not nervous about meeting with the Alliance,” I said, my voice as scathing as I could make it.
“Uh-huh.”
“I’m serious. I could care less about meeting these two. I’m more concerned about leaving Eddie with Trina.” Holly and Dan had wanted to go on their pack run tonight, their skin itching with the need to let their wolves out, and I’d consented only because Trina had volunteered to watch the baby. I loved Trina, but she was absent-minded at best - being thirteen and easily distracted by texting - and I wasn’t sure about leaving a crawling, gurgling, into-everything baby who still couldn’t quite transform into wolf form in her hands. Any eight-month-old was a handful. A werewolf baby? Double the handful.
But Trina had looked at me with such big, pleading eyes and the others had been so quick to agree that I’d caved.
And now I was going to dinner…with the Alliance. Ugh. And I wasn’t nervous. I wasn’t.
I’d even worn jeans and a t-shirt just to prove how not-seriously I was taking this. But seeing cute, adorably soft human Bathsheba again? Kind of made me a little anxious, especially since my face looked like a punching bag.
It had been almost a day since I’d last seen Roscoe and true to my wolf nature, my face was healing faster than a normal human’s would. My eye wasn’t swollen anymore; now it was just ringed with a dark blue bruise, ringed with green. There were healing cuts on my cheeks, and another equally vivid bruise on my throat.
Went well with my dark hair, I figured.
We headed into the restaurant, and Jackson’s hand automatically went around my waist, drawing me close to him. Like we were a couple. It startled me at first, and when he flashed a smile my way, I relaxed. Something about Jackson being a little possessive of me felt good, even when I looked like hell.
The small mom and pop diner wasn’t crowded. I figured it had something to do with the fact that it was the middle of the week, later at night, and the Little Paradise Cafe wasn’t exactly a hotspot to begin with. But it was close, and local, and ran by a family of were-badgers. They weren’t great with service, being a rather surly breed, but Jackson wanted to support local shifter businesses, and apparently so did Beau and Bathsheba.
I smelled Bathsheba’s scent as soon as we walked in - human female, covered by the thick scent of a feline. I wrinkled my nose, the wolf in me not a fan of cat smells. Jackson pinched my side, reminding me to be diplomatic, and I pretended to rub my nose, as if warding off a sneeze.
They were seated at a back table, Bathsheba with her long, smooth pale ponytail and demure cardigan set, seated next to a larger man with big shoulders, short, immaculately groomed hair and a pressed shirt with an open collar. They looked like any nice, white collar couple, and it was obvious from the way his hand rested on the back of her chair that they were together. The mate mark on her neck was stark, and she leaned in close to him absently while he whispered something in her ear.
I felt an envious pang at the sight of their coziness. It seemed unfair for a human to have it so very easy when it came to mating. Just show up somewhere and be attracted to someone and boom, magic would happen. Nothing like the schemes and pack machinations of werewolves.
Still, pack machinations had brought me Jackson, so I couldn’t be entirely ungrateful. I stole a look at the sexy man at my side and felt a bit of possessive pride of my own.
Bathsheba looked up as we approached the table…and paled. Her gaze went to my face. “Alice?”
Oh no. I didn’t want to get the tenth degree from her. I smiled tightly and thumped into my seat. “Hiya. How’s it going?”
“Great,” she said in a slow voice, putting her menu down. Her wide-eyed gaze flicked from my face and then to Jackson’s as he sat across from her husband. “I want you both to meet my husband, Beau Russell. He’s the head of the Alliance.”
Beau offered his hand across the table to Jackson, and then to me, and we shook. His manner seemed brusque and cool. Not exactly the reception I’d been expecting from someone that wanted to court wolf packs into their little club. “Nice to meet you both,” Beau said, tone clipped. “How are things going?”
“As well as can be expected,” I said lightly. “A few kinks here and there to be worked out.”
“Kinks,” Bathsheba repeated, blinking her eyes rapidly. She looked over at Beau. “I see.”
“Typical wolf pack dominance issues,” Jackson said, glancing over at me affectionately. He reached out and caressed my cheek. “Give us another week and we’ll be right as rain.”
I blushed at his affectionate gesture.
To my surprise, Bathsheba threw down her napkin and gave her husband a significant look. “I need to use the little girl’s room. Alice, do you want to come with me?”
Uh, why would I want to come with her?
I started to shake my head, but she stood there, waiting. Jackson gave my elbow a nudge. “I…guess so?”
I followed her through the restaurant into the bathroom, noticing that as she walked, her back was as stiff as could be. Something was up.
As soon as the bathroom door shut behind me, Bath moved to the door and leaned against it, effectively blocking the way for anyone else to enter.
“Er…everything okay?” I gave her an odd look. Were all humans this weird?
“Alice, I am so, so sorry,” she told me, her voice a breathless rush. “I didn’t know he was going to be like that. If I would have known, I would have never let him set up a profile.”
“Huh?” She didn’t approve of Jackson? I thought back to the handshake, the way he affectionately touched my face. What had Jackson done wrong?
“If you want to escape him, I swear we’ll help you,” she told me. “You don’t have to be afraid of him. We’re here to help you.”
Afraid…of Jackson? I stared at her a moment longer…and then realized she thought he’d beaten me up. Typical wolf pack dominance issues, indeed. I laughed, realizing that she’d mistaken everything. “Jackson didn’t do this to my face.”
She looked skeptical. “You’re not defending him, are you? You don’t have to. I realize wolves have their own system, but the Alliance is set up specifically to help those in need—“
I waved a hand idly. “Jackson saved me from the guy that did this to me. The guy that did this is why I needed a new alpha so bad. He’s determined to take over my pack. Jackson being here stopped him.”
The dubious look on her face remained. “You’re…sure? My sister had issues with wolf packs recently and I know a lot of them are not…” she hesitated, clearly trying to figure out the right words without offending me. “A lot of them have their own set of rules that they play by.”
Yeah, I could guess. “Jackson’s perfect,” I assured her. “You don’t have to worry.”
“If you’re sure…”
“I am.”
Relief made her shoulders sag, and she put a hand to her brow. “Oh, thank god. I thought I’d somehow hooked you up with a monster.” Panic crossed her face. “We’d better get back to the table before Beau attacks him.”
Aw, that was cute. She thought her were-kitty could beat up on my alpha mate. My lips twitched. “All right.”
We returned to the table a moment later to find the men engaged in a stare-down.
“Everything’s okay,” she blurted as we moved back to the table.
Both men turned and looked at me.
“This,” I said, waving a hand at my face and neck, “was not Jackson, but another alpha that thought he could come in and take over. I promise you that Jackson’s harmless.”
“Harmless?” Jackson cocked an eyebrow at me, a grin playing on his face. “You’re determined to ruin my street cred, aren’t you?”
I sat down, patting his knee. “You’re a plumber. You have no street cred.”
He snorted and his hand moved to the back of my chair, pulling me closer automatically.
Beau and Bathsheba exchanged another meaningful look, and Bath sat down again, still looking utterly deflated with relief. “Sorry if we had a moment of panic,” she explained. “My sister’s werewolf and, well, we recently had a not-so-great run in with another pack. You’ll forgive us if we jump to conclusions.”
“Easy enough to do,” Jackson said mildly. “Your sister’s Sara, right? She’s with the big were-bear guy? I did a job for them a few weeks ago.”
“That’s her,” Bathsheba said, brightening. “You know them?”
He nodded. “She’s a sweet little thing.”
I scowled, feeling an edge of possessiveness. My hand went to his thigh and I dug my nails in. “Is she, now?”
Jackson looked over at me and wiggled his eyebrows. “Don’t you worry none, Alice. I like my girls with a bit of attitude.”
“Good,” I snapped. “Because you’re mine.”
“Am I?” The hint of pleasure in his voice made it sound like foreplay.
I blushed, and stole a look over at Beau and Bathsheba.
“Well,” Bathsheba said, and her voice had a prim tone to it that made her husband grin. “Now that I know you’re not a monster, how about we talk about what it would take to get the Savage-Wilder pack to join the Alliance?”


Chapter Ten

Two hours and one dinner later, I wasn’t convinced. Beau preached unity and working together to make life better for all shifters, but I was a skeptic. Why did a wolf pack need an Alliance? We were our own island. We banded together because we had each other. We looked out for each other. Between Jackson and I, there was nothing that our pack would need that we couldn’t provide.
To make matters worse, Jackson was clearly enthusiastic about joining the Alliance. He listened to all of Beau’s plans with interest, and even offered suggestions of his own that would help bring in more wolves and make them feel at ease.
So now I was being the downer and the party pooper. Figured.
Jackson had deferred to me, though. He’d told Bathsheba and Beau that we wouldn’t move forward with the Alliance unless we were both firmly on board. They’d been disappointed but understanding. I got the sense that Jackson was a bit disappointed, too, but he’d said nothing of the sort.
And now we were driving back to the Savage house, an uncomfortable silence in the truck as I drove. I glanced over at him. “You think I’m making a mistake, don’t you? Saying no to the Alliance?”
He regarded me. “I would never tell you that you’re making a mistake, Alice. The pack has been yours for a lot longer than it’s been mine. But I do think it’d be good for all of us.”
“Why? We don’t need outsiders.” It was what my father - and Cash - had firmly believed. I’d grown up with the knowledge that Savages took care of their own, and that was that.
“You needed me,” Jackson said easily.
I shot him an angry look, but he was gazing out the window of the passenger side of the truck. “That so?”
“Not saying it to start a fight, Alice,” Jackson said. “Just pointing it out.”
I glared out the window, my hands clenched tight on the steering wheel. I didn’t like being reminded that I’d been forced to crawl to an outsider for protection.
“My old pack,” Jackson began softly. “They died in a fire. Did Dan tell you that?”
I swallowed hard at the pain in his voice. “No. No one told me.”
“Yeah. My father’s the alpha of a pack in the northeast, so I couldn’t stay there. Didn’t want to challenge my dad for dominance and all, you know? So eventually an alpha has to move on. I went to the Carolinas and hooked up with the St. James pack. Three men, two women, and Dan was the youngest. They were kind of poor. Actually, ‘kind of’ is being nice about it. They all lived in this big ramshackle house that would have probably been condemned if anyone would have reported them to the city. It was falling down around their ears, but it was out in the country and they were happy. Even though I was only about twenty-four or so when I joined up with them, I was the alpha. The others were all older than me except for Dan, but I was the one with the best job. My dad had taught me to be a plumber, and that was fancy to them.” His mouth twisted a bit. “They were a bit of a mess, looking back, but the nicest people. I loved being there with them. I was there for five years.”
Two females. I wanted to ask if one of them had been his alpha female. If they’d been romantic together. If she was pretty.
“I mentioned the house was a mess, right? It was. Something was always going wrong with it - a circuit would short, or the air conditioner would break down, something would overheat, you name it. We joked that I was a great plumber but a piss-poor electrician, and that the next person let into the pack would have to know how to rig wiring to keep the old place going.” He chuckled, but the sound was pained.
I said nothing, a knot in my throat at the ache in his words. It reminded me of the losses I’d gone through. Of losing my father and mother, and then Cash just a few years later. Losing Carlos, my omega. Our little pack had been hit and hit again. I knew what it was like to grieve.
“Dan liked to run off in the middle of the night and change into his wolf. Just for fun, you know? Kid sneaking out and being a kid. He had a lot more energy than the rest of them, being a lot younger. I figured it out one night and thought I’d sneak up on him in the woods. Scare some sense into him. Which, it did, I suppose. But I also didn’t realize it’d save our lives. We got back to the house in the middle of the night only to see the entire thing had gone up in flames. Everyone inside was still asleep.”
I glanced over and watched him out of the corner of my eye. “I’m sorry.”
He ran a hand down his face. “They went peacefully. Or so I’m told. Fire department said the smoke inhalation probably got them before the flames did. And it was faulty wiring in the old house, so no one was to blame. But it left Dan an orphan and me without a pack. Or a home. And after that, we couldn’t stay there, so we left. Headed across the south. Been wandering for, what, ten, twelve months now.” He shrugged. “It’s lonely when you have no one. You don’t realize how dependent you are on having the support of a pack until you have no one. Then you realize just how alone you are. That’s why I want the Alliance for your pack - for our pack. So they never have to go through what Dan and I did. So they’re never alone, despite whatever comes their way. So they always have someone to fall back on.”
I said nothing. I could have argued that I’d always be there for them, but I thought Cash would always be there for me, and one twist of fate had robbed me of both brother and alpha. Life struck and you had to cope.
But leaning against others? Non-wolves? It went against everything I knew. “I…I’ll think about it.”
“I know, Alice. I’m not trying to pressure. I’m just trying to explain why I feel the way I do.”
I understood. I just had to figure out if it was best for the pack. If we joined the Alliance, other wolves might see us as weak. Needing support. I didn’t want that for my wolves. I wanted them to be strong and independent.
But when I pulled up into the driveway of the Savage house, all thoughts about independence and Alliances and anything else flew out of my mind. Trina was on the porch, her young face wet with tears.
“The baby’s gone,” she told me, and burst into sobs.
Fear seized me. My mind went blank, and then I started to shake. “What do you mean, the baby’s gone?”
“I mean he’s missing. I took a nap on the couch,” she said tearfully, “with him in his playpen and the next thing I knew, I woke up and he was gone.”
“Where are Spence and Len?” My voice was shaking. Baby Eddie was so little, so vulnerable. “They’re supposed to be here with you. Did they grab him?”
“They went to a concert. I’m not supposed to tell you.” She began to cry all over again.
Fury exploded behind my eyes. So Spence and Len had disobeyed me to go to a concert? And now the baby was gone?
Roscoe had taken him. I just knew it. He was going to use sweet, innocent baby Eddie as a bargaining chip. I was shaking, I was so furious. “Did you smell anyone else in the house?”
“No.” She shook her head. “Just me and the baby.”
“You need to go up to the panic room,” I told her, my voice hard. “Go up there and stay there until I give you the order to come out.”
“But—“
“Go!” I barked at her.
“Go on up, Trina,” Jackson soothed, and pulled the girl into a hug. “It’s okay. Alice and I are going to get the baby back, all right? Don’t you worry.”
For a wild, irrational moment, I was jealous of that hug and the way she collapsed against him. Then she nodded and raced into the house.
Jackson turned to me, and put his hands on my shoulders. “Calm down, Alice. It’s going to be okay.”
“I’m calm,” I said, though I couldn’t seem to stop shaking. Baby Eddie was with Roscoe. Vulnerable, sweet baby Eddie who didn’t have all his teeth and only gurgled and cooed. Who sprouted fur when he wanted to challenge someone and just as easily lifted his arms for a hug. Sweet, sweet baby Eddie was with that monster.
All because I’d wanted someone else to be alpha for my pack. It was my fault. If he was hurt, I’d never forgive myself.
“Alice,” Jackson said.
I barely heard him through the muddle of my own thoughts. What if Eddie had tried, in his baby way, to challenge Roscoe? What if he was crying and Roscoe tried to shut him up? Would he hurt the baby? Was Eddie scared? I—
“Alice,” Jackson said again, and his gaze caught mine. His eyes were greenish gold, his wolf rising to the front, and there was a challenge in his voice that made my wolf sit up and pay attention. I locked onto his gaze, felt his alpha begin to subvert mine. “It’s going to be okay,” he said again in a slow voice. “We’re going to take care of it, all right?”
“What do we do?” I whispered.
“If Roscoe has the baby, he’s going to want to trade him for one of the girls, or for you,” he said, echoing my own thoughts. Hearing it spoken aloud made me tremble with fury all over again. “We’re not going to let that happen,” he said calmly. “I promise. But I want you to go upstairs for now—“
My eyes narrowed. “What?”
“Go upstairs and guard Trina,” he told me. “We don’t know that he’s not coming back after her, and I want her to be safe. You have a gun, right?”
I did. I nodded.
“I’m going to make a few calls. We’ll bring in others and canvas the woods. We’ll find his trail and we’ll make him give the baby back. I promise.”
“But…who can we call?” I thought of the other packs in the area. The others weren’t close, and we didn’t talk with them much. Wolves didn’t like to mix with wolves that weren’t in their packs. It didn’t happen. Too many territory disputes. If you asked for help, you risked ceding territory because you clearly couldn’t protect it. “Who do we trust?”
“Do you trust me?” Jackson asked.
I blinked at him, then nodded. I did. Jackson wanted what was best for us.
He leaned in and gave me a fierce kiss. “Then go get the gun and guard Trina. I’m calling the Alliance.”
~~ * ~~

Within a half hour, the Savage house was crawling with wolves, were-cougars, and every other creature I could think of. The front yard had turned into a parking lot, full of cars parked haphazardly on the lawn, as more and more shifters arrived to hunt for the baby. I was shocked at how many had turned out, and my nostrils filled with the scents of were-bear, were-otter, and some I couldn’t even name.
Holly and Dan had returned home a short time later, exhausted from their run, only to panic when they realized what was going on. Holly now sat at my side as I clutched the gun, her eyes tearful. I knew she blamed herself for the missing baby. Dan had gone out with Jackson, spearheading search parties as they combed the woods, looking for the scent of a young child.
Other wolves had shown up, too. To my surprise, the Anderson pack leader - Connor Anderson - had arrived with the Alliance, along with his sister Gracie. I’d had no idea they were part of the Alliance, but Gracie assured me they liked it. She’d stayed with me while Connor joined the rest of the men. At first she’d been a little offended at the thought of all the women hanging back, but then she’d declared that she’d go all ‘she-wolf’ on Roscoe the moment she saw him, and seemed to like that thought very much.
Even Bathsheba had shown up with her husband, and they were busy making phone calls and organizing people from downstairs while I sat upstairs and hugged my girls close.
I…hadn’t handled this well. I’d wanted to be strong and bold and decisive in a crisis. Instead, I’d totally lost my shit. It was too close to home, too personal. I realized this, too. I wanted to be strong when it came to family matters, but the truth was, I had a hard time coping. Just like when I’d sent my pack away after Cash and Carlos died, when they’d needed me more than ever. I…wasn’t a good leader. I was good in the easy times, but when things got hard? I fell apart.
And I was incredibly grateful to have Jackson at my side. He’d taken over things with brutal efficiency, handing out baby clothes for the others to get the scent, warning the Alliance members about Roscoe and the possibility of a fight, and returning every so often to caress my cheek and reassure me that things would be fine.
He was a wonderful alpha.
And he’d been right about the Alliance, I realized. As more and more people showed up to help out or simply show support, I realized this was what Jackson wanted for us. When something went wrong, we weren’t alone. People pitched in to help. They were there for us, even if it was as simple as guarding the door or handing out drinks to those scouring the woods.
The Alliance wouldn’t be a bad thing after all.
While I mused on this, voices rose downstairs. They didn’t sound happy. I patted Holly on the knee. “Get in the safe room with Trina and don’t come out until I tell you it’s okay.”
She nodded and raced into the room. I flew down the stairs, heading toward the commotion. It seemed to be coming from the front of the house, so I headed there.
And stopped in surprise.
Connor Anderson and his sister Gracie stood in front of Roscoe, refusing to let him enter the house. Nearby, a few were-cougars were giving him ugly looks. All were arguing.
The baby was nowhere to be seen.
I stormed forward, pushing my way through the crowd. “Where’s Eddie, you son of a bitch?”
He sidestepped me when my hands reached for his shirt, moving behind Connor. “I came to help you look, you dumbass.”
That made me stop short. I looked over at Connor, the Anderson alpha.
He shrugged. “That’s what he told me.”
I narrowed my eyes at Roscoe. It didn’t make sense. “You…didn’t steal the baby?”
He gave me a disgusted look. “Why would I hurt a kid? That ain’t what an alpha does.”
None of this made any sense to me. “I thought…I thought you took him to force an exchange.”
“Fucking hell, woman. I want a pack, not jail time.”
My hands lowered. I seemed to be having trouble grasping that my most hated enemy - the man that had harassed me since Cash had died - had shown up to assist in the manhunt. “Why….why would you come help out?”
“Cause he’s a kid and he’s a wolf? That’s what we do.”
Why was I now feeling like the asshole in this? “I don’t think I want you here. Don’t think I haven’t forgotten about what you did to me.”
Connor eyed my bruised face, his arms crossing over his chest. He looked over at Roscoe. “That you?”
For once, Roscoe’s hard face looked a bit ashamed. “I was pissed off. Got carried away. I almost had the pack in my hand and she had to go and get herself another alpha.”
“I’ll show you carried away,” Gracie said, and smacked a fist into her open palm threateningly. “Beating up on girls? You wanna try beating up on me? I’ll kick your ass into next week—“
“Gracie,” Connor said, holding up a warning hand to his sister. “If you’re just looking for a pack, you’re welcome in mine.”
“He is?” both Gracie and I echoed.
“He is,” Connor said grimly. “I’m used to putting assholes in their place. He’d just be one more in need of a lesson. But you’d have to show throat.”
Roscoe’s face hardened into a sneer. “I’m an alpha, boy.”
“So am I.” Connor didn’t back down. “But if you want to be part of my pack, you need to show throat and accept that not everyone gets to be alpha.”
“And if I don’t like it?”
“Then you can get out of our territory.”
“I ain’t in your territory right now,” Roscoe said.
“You need to get out of mine, too,” I told him. “And you’re not invited to this pack. At all.”
He glared at us, but Connor didn’t budge and neither did I. At my side, Gracie continued to smack her fist into her palm, clearly itching for a fight.
After a moment, Roscoe dropped his eyes. “I’ll head out once the kid’s found. I still want to help. Ain’t right that the kid’s lost and we’re busy having a pissing war.”
“Agreed,” Connor said, glancing over at me for my verdict.
“Fine with me,” I said. “But I don’t ever want to see you here again. Or next time, I won’t tell Jackson to back off.”
He said nothing, simply stalked away.
I exhaled a breath - one I didn’t realize I’d been holding. My hands trembled, so I put them on my hips and tried to seem all casual. Roscoe was leaving. He didn’t have the baby and I still didn’t know where poor Eddie was, but Roscoe would be gone and out of my hair soon. Thank god. I looked over at Connor. “Thank you.”
“Don’t thank me,” he said easily. “Just took a few alphas giving him hell to make him realize his place. He’s not as alpha as he thinks he is.”
“Maybe not,” I began, then cocked my head. I could have sworn I’d heard my name outside, in the distance.
The house grew silent.
“Alice!”
There it was again, but this time coming from the back of the house. I headed to the kitchen and passed by Bathsheba, who was still making calls, her cellphone at her ear. The back screen door slammed behind me, and I strode through the tall grass, listening for my name again.
“Alice,” the voice called again, and I began to run toward it, toward the edge of the property. That was Jackson’s voice.
I ran toward him, and began to laugh with delight, giddy relief surging through me.
Jackson strode through the edge of the woods, heading back to the house. Two were-cougars walked beside him, and his arms were full of wiggling, squirming, muddy wolf puppy. He held up the puppy with a relieved grin of his own, a smear of mud on his face.
I launched myself at him, pushing past the others. “Is that—“
“It is,” he said, and held the puppy out to me.
I pulled the cub into my arms and inhaled. Sure enough, the puppy smell of wolf was mixed with Eddie’s familiar baby scent. My little guy had figured out how to turn wolf before he’d even figured out how to walk. Figured. I laughed, and my laughter turned into sobs as I pressed frantic, relieved kisses onto his ruff.
Baby Eddie was home. The pack was whole and safe. I continued to kiss my squirming bundle, ignoring the puppy tongue that tried to lick my face and the happy, relieved conversations of the other shifters around me. Someone pulled out a walkie-talkie and began to murmur into it, but I was oblivious. I just needed to get Eddie inside and to the others so they could see he was okay.
I cast a grateful look at Jackson over my shoulder. He was the best, but then, he knew that.


Chapter Eleven

It took a few hours for the others to come in and head out. Someone had brought a couple of cases of beer and people relaxed and celebrated while Dan, Holly, Trina and I fussed over the baby. We gave him a bath and put him to bed, and Holly opted to sleep in his room. She pulled her bunk across the door to ensure that he couldn’t shift again and get back out. We’d clearly have to watch him closer, but judging from the chastised look on Trina’s face, it wouldn’t happen again.
Spence and Len had returned home from the concert, embarrassed to find the house crawling with shifters and caught red-handed. They were horrified to hear the news about baby Eddie, and as punishment, Jackson was taking them under his wing and apprenticing them for his plumbing company. I didn’t think that was much of a punishment and said so.
“You haven’t had to deal with sewage much, have you?” he said with a grin.
Judging from the smirk on Dan’s face, it wasn’t going to be a good punishment. I let it stand. Spence and Len needed jobs anyhow. This would give them something to learn, at least.
True to his word, Roscoe had taken one look at me and Jackson, hugging baby Eddie. He’d turned around and left in his car. I hoped we never saw him again, but it didn’t matter. Virginity didn’t matter, either. Jackson and I were a cohesive team, and it was obvious to everyone present. He was part of our pack - alpha, leader, and father to the others, and mate to me. Roscoe would never be able to worm his way in. Not now.
Bathsheba and Beau had pulled us aside and ensured that everything was fine before they left. I thanked them for their help, but Beau simply shook his head. “This is exactly what the Alliance is for,” he told me. “Banding together to help each other out. No thanks are necessary.”
“We’re still grateful,” I told him. I glanced over at Jackson, who’d stayed at my side ever since returning. “And we’d like to talk about having the Savage pack join, after all. I’m starting to see the benefits.”
Beau looked pleased. “We’re having an alphas meeting of the various groups on Wednesday night. I’d love for you both to come.”
“We’ll be there,” Jackson said, his arm going around my waist.
They left, and the house was silent. The others were in bed, and it was late at night. Jackson locked the door and I moved through the house, checking everything before we met at the stairs and headed up to my room for the night.
As soon as we shut the door, I was on Jackson. My mouth went to his, and I began to tear at his shirt, overcome by a wealth of emotions. Pride in how he’d handled things tonight. Relief. Pleasure.
And overwhelming lust. Seeing him take control? A turn on. Seeing him return with baby Eddie in his arms, safe and secure? Turn on. Every time he put his arm around my waist or absently touched me, letting the others know I was his mate? Turn on.
And right now? I was incredibly, undoubtedly turned on. My tongue slicked against his, my movements more fierce than practiced. My nails dug into his shirt and I tore at the fabric, wanting it off of him.
He kissed me back, then pulled away, clearly surprised at my passion. “You okay, Alice?”
“I am so incredibly attracted to you right now,” I told him breathlessly.
“You are?” He looked surprised, though his hands went to my waist and he pulled me closer. “You’re not exhausted by tonight?”
Oh, I was. But more than that, I was aroused. Seeing Jackson be a leader? Leaning on Jackson while he handled things? It had done crazy stuff to my libido. “I’m ready to move forward with the mating. All of it. Everything.”
He pulled back, his eyes narrowing as he studied me. “This…isn’t some sort of gratitude thing, is it? I want it to be your choice, Alice, not something you do because you think you have to—“
I kissed him again to shut him up, brushing my breasts against his chest. My tongue slid against his parted lips, and I whimpered at how delicious he tasted. “Can’t I just be aroused by you being all alpha?”
“You can,” he agreed, and his hands slid to my ass. “I just want to make sure you don’t feel coerced.”
“I’m not. Roscoe’s gone. The baby’s safe. The pack is good. And I…I want my alpha. Now shut up and kiss me.”
He chuckled, his lips moving closer to mine. “Ah, the sweet charms of the female alpha. So demanding.”
“Shut up,” I told him breathlessly. “You like it.”
“Hell yeah, I do,” he admitted. “But I might be equally demanding. Especially in bed.”
A shiver ran up my spine at the thought, and I gave another hard tug at his shirt. The material split down the front, his collar gaping. “I can give as good as I get,” I told him. The scared virgin that I’d been? Gone. All fear had somehow gone out the window, leaving me only ravenous with need and excited to experience everything that mating an alpha would bring me.
He wanted to take charge in bed? He’d have to fight me for it.
And I was so, so looking forward to that.
“You just ripped my favorite shirt,” Jackson said in a low voice. “Bad girl.” His hands fisted on my tee. “You wouldn’t like it if I did it to you, would you?”
I gave him an arch smile, though my skin was prickling with excitement and awareness. “Go ahead and try it.”
He did, his big hands ripping the front of my shirt away and exposing my bra. And oh god, that was such a turn on to see him ripping my clothing away from my body. My nipples were hard through the soft fabric of my bra, and my breathing was coming in short, excited pants.
“Learned your lesson?” There was a low growl in his voice that was oh-so-suggestive.
I snorted. “I learned that you tear clothes like a sissy,” I taunted. “Asking permission and then barely backing up your threats.”
“That so?” His big hand went to the front of my bra, and before I could say anything else, he tugged and snapped the material. My breasts flew free.
I gasped, startled at that move. I hadn’t been expecting that. My nipples ached, though, and when his hungry gaze turned there, I instantly got aroused. Oh boy.
But I couldn’t let him get the upper hand in the clothing-tearing war. I dragged my nails at his shirt, ripping away more of the material until his chest was fully bared. Then I stopped and admired, licking my lips. God, he was pretty to look at. Those hard pectorals, that sprinkling of chest hair. All of it was incredibly appealing. He stilled, letting me admire him unmolested, and I couldn’t help but rake my nails over one rock-hard slab of muscle. Just doing that made me shiver with want. “Is it weird that I like just looking at this?”
“Not at all,” he said in a husky voice. He reached out and cupped one of my loose breasts. “I know just how you feel.”
I whimpered at the sensation of his big hand on my breast. It was the first time I’d ever been touched there. It was ticklish and arousing and squirm-inducing all at once. And when his thumb lightly brushed over my nipple? I couldn’t suppress the gasp that escaped my throat - or the way my nipple hardened in response.
“So lovely, Alice. I want to put my mouth all over you,” Jackson whispered, moving in closer to me.
“So do it,” I goaded him.
“If you insist,” he said, and grabbed me by the ass, picking me up.
My arms automatically went around his neck, clinging to him as he lifted me and headed to the bed on the far side of the room. The movement pressed my bare breasts to his chest, and the warmth of his skin - combined with the tickle of his chest hair was just as arousing as his touch.
By the time he gently laid me down on the bed, I was squirming with need. My legs went around his jeans-clad hips, trapping him against me before he could move away. Jackson chuckled, and pressed his weight down against me, his hips resting between the cradle of my thighs, and I could feel the hard length of him there. My breath sucked in when he gave a suggestive thrust.
His mouth moved to my neck, and I moaned aloud when he bit and licked at my bare skin.
“Shhh,” he warned me. “You don’t want the others to hear us.”
Shit. Werewolf hearing was far too keen. I stretched an arm over the bed, fumbling for the clock radio there, and started smacking buttons until music began to play. Latin music wailed out through the small speakers, full of trumpets and Spanish words.
Jackson laughed against my throat. “Way to be obvious.”
I didn’t care if it was obvious. I just didn’t want him to stop. My hands went to his hair and I pushed his head lower, angling him toward my breasts. I wanted him to touch them again. “Too much talking, not enough licking,” I told him in a whisper.
“A man needs to keep his alpha female happy, doesn’t he?” Jackson murmured, and he obligingly moved his mouth to my breasts. He licked the tip of one.
I moaned again, unable to help myself. That felt incredible. Every time his lips touched my nipple, I felt it all the way down to my toes. I arched my back, pressing my breasts forward for his mouth, and he nuzzled one nipple, then moved to the other to give it equal attention. His lips moved over them, grazing, then suckling at each tip, and just when I’d whimper my appreciation, he’d change it up, nipping at my flesh or switching breasts. Soon enough, I was writhing on the bed under him, desperate with need.
“Jackson,” I breathed, my fingers digging into his shoulders. “Your mouth is driving me crazy.” I wanted him to stop. I wanted him to keep going forever.
“Baby,” he murmured, and leaned in to press a kiss to my breastbone. “You haven’t seen anything yet. You want me to drive you even wilder?”
Oh god, did I? Hell yes, I did. I nodded. “Show me what you’ve got.”
He chuckled and his hands went to the zipper of my jeans. “Then let’s get these off.”
That sounded like an incredible idea to me. As he undid my jeans, I began to wriggle, maneuvering them down my legs until I was in nothing but my panties, and he pulled the heavy denim off my legs. Then, he reached for my panties and tugged them off, leaving me naked and panting on the bed, staring up at him. He was still in his jeans. It didn’t seem fair, and I opened my mouth to protest.
But then he dropped to the floor beside the bed and pulled me toward him, and I went silent, my eyes going wide.
“Your smell is driving me wild, Alice,” Jackson murmured, his voice barely audible over the mariachi music. “Been driving me wild for days. Love the scent of you in my nostrils.”
He’d been smelling my constant arousal for days? I’d known it, and yet I squirmed at the thought. His big hands went to my thighs, spreading them, and I heard him inhale sharply again. He gave a sigh of pleasure, and then pulled me closer to the edge of the bed. “You just tell me if any of this makes you uncomfortable, Alice,” he murmured, and his fingers grazed the inside of my thigh.
I quivered at that touch, propping up on my elbows to watch him. Like I’d be able to complain about anything? Like I’d want to? I was practically trembling with anticipation of his mouth on my sex.
Luckily, I didn’t have to anticipate long. He made another sound of pleasure, and then I felt his fingers skim my sex, moving over the curls and parting the petals underneath. His fingers stroked over my flesh. “So nice and wet already.”
I collapsed back on the bed, my eyes closing as I lost myself to the sensation. Oh, god. If I’d thought his mouth on my breasts was heavenly, his hands on my sex were pure bliss. I parted my thighs wider for him, encouraging more, and my hands went to his hair again, the urge to push him to where I needed him the most rising inside me.
He chuckled at my response. “You want to lead for a bit, Alice?”
“Just touch me,” I bit out, my breathing raspy and shallow with anticipation.
“You want fingers or tongue?”
Oh god, I had to choose just one? I trembled at that.
“Maybe I’ll decide,” he murmured huskily. A moment later, I felt his tongue brush over the slick folds of my sex.
The shuddering moan that crept from my throat was not sexy. It was strangled with a mixture of surprise and desire, but Jackson seemed to like the sound of it. He made a noise of pleasure - like I’d make when tasting a favorite dish - and licked me long and hard.
And I made another one of those garbled moans.
“Mmm, sweet Alice,” Jackson said against my flesh. “Knew you’d taste incredible. Love that you’re all mine.” He licked me again, long and hard, and my thighs quaked in response, lifting to follow his tongue. “My sweet, sweet alpha mate.”
And then he began to tongue me vigorously, his lips brushing against my mound even as the tip of his tongue worked on my clit, pressing and then circling with varying speeds and strengths. He seemed to be judging my responses; every quiver got more of the same as a reward, and he sped up and slowed down as if testing me out. Seeing what I liked.
Hell, I liked all of it.
My hands tightened in his hair in shock when he sucked on my clit, though, and he gave a small, rough chuckle at my reaction. “Like that, did you?”
“More,” I demanded, tightening my hands in his hair. Oh god, I needed more of that.
“As my alpha commands,” he said with that smooth, seductive voice, and brushed his lips over my clit in a glorious tease before sucking on it again.
I whimpered, feeling an orgasm building and helpless to stop it. My thighs clenched helplessly, and my hips jerked in response when he brushed two fingers against my core and pushed into my slick warmth, even as his mouth continued to suck on my clit, sending shockwaves of pleasure through me with the occasional flick of his tongue.
Then, his fingers began to pump inside me.
The orgasm splintered and broke through me. “Unh,” I gasped, then was horrified at the completely unsexy noise I’d just made. Release tore through me, locking every muscle along its way, even as Jackson continued to thrust his fingers deep inside me, working me with both hand and tongue at once.
It took what seemed like forever for me to come down from that, and by the time his mouth lifted, I was wrung out with the orgasm he’d ripped from me. I panted for breath, a bit embarrassed at my hard reaction.
But Jackson simply looked pleased with himself. He nipped the inside of one knee while giving me a sexy, pleased look, and got to his feet, his hands going to his jeans. I lay back in the bed, panting, watching as he stripped his jeans off. His cock was erect and the head was gleaming with pre-cum, his own need obvious. He was beautiful as he kicked off his jeans and then came back to the bed, moving over me. His warmth and weight pressed down on me and then he moved in to kiss me, his lips licking at mine in an imitation of what he’d done to my sex, and I moaned against his mouth even as he grasped my thigh and pulled it around his hip.
I followed his lead, lifting my other leg, and was rewarded with a shallow thrust, his cock sliding against the wet curls of my sex. “That’s my Alice,” he murmured against my mouth. “All mine.”
I felt the head of his cock nudge against my opening and I sucked in, tensing a little. My hips wanted to flex against him, but I was suddenly afraid of it hurting.
Jackson pushed forward. There was a bolt of pain as my body stretched to accommodate him. I yelped, but it was smothered by his kisses. He pushed forward again, sinking deeper into me, and my nails bit into his skin. A hiss escaped me.
He panted, every muscle in his body tense. “Fuck, you’re tight, Alice.” His hips flexed, and I felt him push deeper, the sharp stabs of pain gone and replaced by a low ache. It felt as if he’d invaded me, and I wasn’t quite sure I liked the sensation yet.
But then he leaned in to kiss me again, and I melted under his mouth. His tongue thrusting into my mouth felt…different with him buried deep inside me, and the ache of need in my sex began to return. When his hips hitched again, I lifted with him.
“Alice,” he panted, and I could see the sheen of sweat on his face - his gorgeous, wonderful face - as he moved slowly, determined not to hurt me. His gaze flicked to mine and our eyes locked, and I saw a flicker of his wolf in his eyes.
And then he thrust, hard, sinking deep.
I gasped. Not because it hurt, but because it had filled that raw ache with a sweet bolt of pleasure. My arms curled around his neck and I lifted my mouth for him to kiss again, even as I raised my hips.
“Alice,” he growled against my mouth, and began to thrust harder. I lifted my hips with each movement, determined to match him, and felt the spiraling pleasure of sex washing through me again. This felt good, really good. Jackson’s hard body moving over mine, moving deep inside me, his chest brushing against my nipples, his mouth on mine, the musky scent of him filling my nostrils - all of the sensations combined to create a whirlwind of pleasure that enveloped me, and before long, I was crying out my pleasure with each thrust, hungry for more.
“You going to come again?” he gritted, driving hard into me. “Going to come for me again?”
I nodded, my lips seeking his and only succeeding in barely brushing over them. The kisses had given way as he’d begun to pump into me harder and faster, his own desire overtaking him.
“I want to see it,” he told me, his whisper harsh, and I felt his fingers move between us where we were joined. A moment later, I felt him flick my clit, even as he thrust deep inside me again.
I moaned hard, my body arching. The combined sensations were too much - I couldn’t process it. “Jackson,” I growled, my voice loud. “I need—“
“I know,” he told me. ‘I know.” And he flicked his fingers over my clit again.
I came hard, two seconds before he did. My groans locked with his, and I felt the wash of him inside me, even as my legs clenched and quivered around his tight hips, my nails sunk deep into his shoulders with the fierceness of my orgasm.
It took a few minutes for my body to calm, for muscles to unlock, for breathing to slow. Jackson’s heavy weight collapsed on top of me, a delicious feeling that I didn’t mind in the slightest. I was still sprawled underneath him, his cock buried deep inside me, and my skin, damp with perspiration, stuck to his.
I’d never been more content.
After a moment, he propped up on one elbow and gave me a pleased look, his dark blond hair stuck to his forehead in funny little ringlets. “You okay?”
I nodded, stretching an arm over my head and yawning. I felt fucking fantastic.
“Good,” he murmured, and leaned in to kiss my neck. “I wasn’t sure because you weren’t being yourself.”
My brows drew together and I gave him a curious look. “Being myself? What do you mean?”
His eyebrows wiggled down at me in a way that could only be defined as ‘lecherous.’ “I don’t know. Between all that moaning and begging, it was practically like you were showing throat to me. Wasn’t like the alpha I know at all.”
I growled low in my throat and pushed at his shoulder until we rolled over in my narrow bed. A moment later, Jackson was pinned under me and I straddled him. “Showing throat, huh?”
“‘Fraid so.”
I snorted. “At what point did I show throat? When I told you to lick me harder?”
“I don’t recall hearing that,” he said innocently. “All I know is that I climbed on top of you and had my way with you.”
“That so?” I told him, and reached out to flick one of his nipples with my fingers, enjoying his reaction. I felt every ripple of his shiver with him trapped between my thighs - and still trapped inside my body. “Because that’s not how I remember it.”
“Selective memory,” he teased. “Happens in betas.”
“Beta?” I growled. “I’m no beta.”
“I don’t know. I always thought that mating with an alpha female would mean she’d want to be in charge of everything.”
I gave another wiggle of my hips on top of him. “You want to see a female in charge in bed?” I leaned down and put my mouth on one of his nipples, biting at it. “You just tell me when you’re ready for more and I’ll show you an alpha female in bed.”
Jackson’s eyes gleamed with pleasure. “That so?”
“It is.” I knew I’d fallen for the oldest trick in the book, but I didn’t much care.
That was the thing with Jackson and me. We were perfect for each other, because we complimented each other’s strengths. When I fell back, he was there to pick up the pace and take the lead. When I wanted to lead? He let me and was content to assist. It wasn’t that one of us was stronger than the other, or more dominant. We were just different, and dominant in different ways.
It was like our pack was just a big puzzle, and I’d found the missing piece. And as I leaned in to press a kiss to his chest, I knew he felt the same way.
I didn’t have to ask, after all. It was obvious in his face, as it was in mine.
We were pack, and we were home.

*** The End ***
From the Author

Thank you for reading this book! Seriously – thank you. Somewhere out there, a unicorn just farted a rainbow out of sheer happiness. And your hair sure is pretty today! Have you lost weight? No? Well, keep doing what you’re doing, because you look fabulous.
Anyhow…
 If you are the type that likes to review what you’ve read, I’d love for you to leave me a review – let me know what you thought. Feedback is super important to people like me that juggle three or more series at once. We like feedback like chocolate loves peanut butter. And the more feedback I get, the more it tells me what I need to work on next. So if you want more Midnight Liaisons, let me know!

For those curious about the reading order of the Midnight Liaisons books, each one stands totally alone and it isn’t necessary to read in one particular order. However, characters do pop up in book to book, so I suggest the following:
Beauty Dates the Beast
“Vixen” in Wild & Steamy
Desperately Seeking Shapeshifter
“Speed Mating” in Fire & Frost
Single Wolf Female
Must Love Fangs
Wanted: Wild Thing (2014)

About Jessica Sims

Jessica Sims lives in Texas. She hates writing a bio, so something cool will undoubtedly go here later when she actually thinks of something interesting to write. She has some cats, but what writer doesn’t? She plays video games and confesses to reading comic books. And she likes writing, but that one was pretty obvious.

Sign up for Jessica’s newsletter and you’ll receive notices of
new releases under all of her pen names, along with a coupon for a free read.

You can visit Jessica’s website at www.jessica-sims.com


Want more Midnight Liaisons?

Here’s a sneak peek of MUST LOVE FANGS, the next full-length Midnight Liaisons novel, available everywhere on August 27, 2013.


Marie Bellavance has known for years that she will die of the same incurable disease her mother did. That’s why she never dated and doesn’t allow anyone to get close to her. But now, as an employee of the paranormal dating agency Midnight Liaisons, she has a chance: if she can find someone to turn her into a supernatural creature, she’ll be cured!

Flirty were-cougar Joshua Russell has wanted standoffish Marie for his own, but she’s been off limits as a human. When he catches her sneaking away from a vampire date gone wrong, he steps in and offers his own services. As a vampire bodyguard, he’s able to tell her which vamps will be the perfect ones to date. But he’s secretly got a better plan in mind: if she wants to date the supernatural, a handsome were-cougar would be the best choice of all.


Chapter One

When I was a child, my father used to let me stay up late to watch movies with him on Saturday nights. My father had stunningly bad taste in movies. His favorite? Mothra vs. Godzilla. I remembered being terrified of the massive, furious creatures that screamed and bellowed as they tore through Tokyo.
Those furious growls and outraged shrieks sounded a bit like what was going on right now in the Midnight Liaisons conference room. No laser beams shooting from eyes, but there was enough snarling to make any human feel on edge.
My boss, Bathsheba Russell, was perched on the corner of my desk, wringing her hands and staring at the front door. It made it impossible to work, and I shoved my notepad under a stack of papers. “Something I can help with, Bath?”
She glanced over at me, startled, then shook her head. Another round of furious snarls came from the conference room, and she winced as the snarls turned into shouting. “No, I’m sure they’ll be here soon.”
Well, that was frustrating, and it didn’t bode well for my own plans. I cast an oblique look over at my coworker, Ryder. She widened her eyes and gave me a helpless shrug, as if saying, What can you do?
Sure, Ryder didn’t care if the boss stuck around for an extra hour or two. It wouldn’t derail her night like it’d derail mine.
And I needed this night.
I needed every single day I had left. When you’re dying, you tend to get a little pissy about wasted time.
The front door opened, and just like that, the conference room got quiet. I could practically hear their shifter ears straining to make out who had just entered. In walked a scowling, lanky young man, hand in hand with a pretty, but frightened, redhead. The girl stared at me fearfully, then looked at Bathsheba as if she’d been about to pounce.
“We’re human,” Bath said in a dry voice. “The ones you need to be scared of are in there.” She gestured at the now-too-quiet conference room.
The boy braced his shoulders and pulled the woman under his protective arm. She went willingly, her face utterly pale. Poor thing. They marched forward toward the conference room.
“They look like they’re heading to a funeral,” I whispered to Bath.
“They might be,” she whispered back. “Vic wants to kill him.” She flushed when the boy paused in front of the conference room and turned to glare at us.
No one said a thing as the conference room door opened. They stepped in. Closed the door. A pause. And then tempers exploded all over again.
“How dare you turn a human?” roared Vic. The snarl of the tiger alpha’s voice rose above all others. “What the fuck were you thinking?”
“There’s no one for us,” the man shouted back. “There’s no women my age. There’s no women, period!”
“Then you use this goddamn agency and find yourself a date,” Vic roared again.
“Let’s calm down,” Beau said firmly. The Alliance leader, a were-cougar and Bath’s husband, was usually cool and in control of every situation, but he didn’t sound calm now.
Vic gave another ear-shattering roar, and I heard the gulping cry of the woman.
“She’s still thinking like a human,” Bath said in irritation, getting to her feet. “And they’re going to scare the shit out of her. I’m going in there.”
As she moved toward the conference room, I took off my glasses and pretended to check them for smudges. Act calm. Easy. No problem. But my heart was racing a mile a minute.
My head throbbed with the adrenaline rush. I ignored it, just like I did all the other physiological symptoms lately. I didn’t have time to mess with them.
Ryder pointed at her computer monitor, indicating that she was going to send me an instant message. I turned to my screen and waited.
Yikes, she sent. It sounds like they might be in there awhile.
I typed back quickly. What exactly is going on? Did that guy really turn a human?
Yup, she sent back. I got here just as they were shoving Sara out the door. You know how B protects her. Ramsey, too.
Sara was Bath’s quiet, delicate sister; she normally hung around the agency until her mate, Ramsey, a were-bear, picked her up in the evening. It seemed that Sara was a werewolf and everyone had known this but me. Humans, always the last to know. But since I worked at a dating agency that catered exclusively to the paranormal, it made sense that someone on staff would be, well, paranormal.
I glanced over at Ryder again. More than one someone. Sara was just out of the closet, but Ryder was still in hiding. I put my hands on the keyboard. So do you have the scoop?
Wellllll, Ryder typed. From what I’ve been able to overhear, it sounds like ol’ Johnny fell in love with his girlfriend, and Uncle Vic in there did not approve. So Johnny turned her and decided to ask permission later. Can you believe that?
That was bad. Really bad. Humans weren’t supposed to know about supernaturals unless they were allowed into the Alliance first. And every human who’d been allowed into the Alliance was currently in this office: me, Ryder, and Bathsheba.
For a supernatural (or “supe” as we liked to call them) to reveal their true nature to a human was against the rules. To reveal their true nature and then turn a human into a shifter was worse than bad. It caused all kinds of problems. What if they broke up? What were human parents supposed to do with a were-tiger daughter? Who was going to explain why their cute little Lola had to use a scratching post and went gonzo when the catnip was rolled out?
By revealing his true nature to a human, Johnny had endangered everyone in the Alliance. The network was built on a tenuous trust of the other species, and now that had been broken.
And it was going to play havoc with my plans.
As the yelling in the other room increased, I pulled my notepad out again and looked at the list I’d been working on.

Potential Supernaturals
Were-anything
Vampire

I frowned, displeased at how very short it was. Perhaps I was forgetting something? “Hey, Ryder?”
“Hmm?” My coworker dragged her gaze away from the conference room, where it had gotten awfully quiet again.
I tapped my pencil on my desk, thinking as I stared down at the list. “Can you think of any supernaturals that can turn someone?”
“Turn someone?”
“You know, turn someone,” I said. At her suspicious look, I pointed at the conference room, where a low rumbling argument between two men could be heard, interspersed by an occasional higher voice that was probably Bathsheba, trying to interject some common sense into the argument.
Ryder shook her head. “Bad timing,” she mouthed. “Let it rest.”
But I couldn’t afford to let it rest. I stared down at the paper, thinking, as the voices now rose in the conference room.
“This is abominable!” Vic shouted. “A disgrace!”
Ooo, abominable made me think of yeti. Were-yeti? I wrote it down and put a question mark next to it. Then I scratched it out. No one in their right mind wanted to be a yeti. Gross. I chewed my eraser, thinking. Fae? They were born, not made, but they were also secretive. Maybe they knew something—
The bell clanged against the glass of the front door, signaling that someone had entered the office. I looked up, putting a smile on my face . . .
And sighed with dismay at the sight of the man strolling in. Joshua Russell, my least favorite client ever. “Hi, Josh,” I said in my most bored voice.
He grinned, making a beeline for my desk.
Damn it. I sighed and pushed the notepad under a stack of reports again, then focused my attention on the tall, sexy man standing in front of my desk. My gaze was just at crotch height, which made things a bit awkward when I was trying to ignore the man.
Suddenly a large, perfect rose appeared under my nose. “For you, beautiful.”
I pushed it aside. Some flirts never changed. “Nice try, Josh. I’m human, remember?”
“Yes, but you’re an Alliance human. That’s different,” he said with a devastating grin that would have knocked the panties off any were-cat in the area. “Different is good.”
“I have a pollen allergy,” I lied in my stiffest voice and gave him a prim look.
He sighed as if defeated, but sauntered over to Ryder’s desk instead, presenting her with the flower. She looked up from her reports, grinned at him, and took the flower with a wink.
Good. Maybe he’d leave me alone now.
Like the other big cats his entire clan was infamous for, Joshua Russell was a mix of power and playfulness. I studied him under my lashes as he chatted with Ryder, leaning over her desk. His brown hair was cropped short, just barely a buzz under his black Russell Security baseball cap. There was an attractive hint of scruff on his strong jaw, as if he’d forgotten to shave. Like all of the Russell werecougars, he had strong, masculine features. Where his brother Beau’s features were a little more refined, more stern, Josh’s seemed to be made for laughing. He had a ridiculous dimple in one cheek that flashed now and then, and his eyes were an unfair shade of blue, framed by lashes thick enough to make any woman jealous. His shoulders were big and brawny, and when he wore a tight shirt—like he was today—you could see the outlines of his pectorals and the bulge of his biceps. Yet these almost paled in comparison to his deliciously tight ass, which was currently pointed toward my desk. I stared at it. What a shame that such a beautiful piece of male flesh was attached to such an overt horn-dog.
He glanced over his shoulder just in time to catch me staring at his ass. I flushed and averted my gaze, but not before I caught his grin.
Damn it.
I sighed inwardly as he strolled back to my desk and dropped into the chair across from me. I shot him an irritated glance. “Can I help you with something?”
“I think I caught you checking me out, Marie.”
“You did not,” I said stiffly.
“It’s fine if you can’t admit it.” He leaned forward and whispered, “I’m told my ass is quite biteable.”
I leaned toward him in return. “Your mom doesn’t count.”
Josh grinned, then sniffed the air and slid my notepad out from underneath the pile of paper.
How the hell had he known that was there? I tried to snatch it back, but I was too slow. Josh held it aloft, then stood, reading it aloud. “Potentials—vampires, were-anything, fae. Yeti?” He glanced over at me. “Grocery list?”
“I’m helping a client decide who to date,” I said, holding my hand out for the pad.
He waved it at me. “You’re not being very choosy for your client here. Were-anything?”
“Just give it back,” I snapped. “And tell me why you’re here so I can get you out the door and get on with my life. Do you need a date? There’s a shock.”
“Ah, a date,” Josh said, dropping the list onto my desk and slouching back in the chair again. He gave me a thoughtful look, those long lashes over his gorgeous eyes making him look sleepy—or sexy— or both. His gaze was intense, but his smile was disarming. “You think I should? I’m still avoiding the last girl.”
I snorted. The last girl he’d dated hadn’t been too thrilled when Josh had never called her back. She’d called me to gripe about it, since I was the one that had paired the two of them. I reached for the list again and he pulled it out of reach, waggling his eyebrows at me. Ugh. Determined, I got up, moved around the desk, and snatched the list back out of his hands.
As I stalked back to my chair, I eyed him. “You should try dating someone more than once. Don’t quote me on it, but I hear that’s how you have a relationship.”
He didn’t seem deterred by my waspish tone. “And you’re the relationship expert? How long have you dated your boyfriend?”
I had no boyfriend. “I don’t date.”
 “All the more reason you should date me. I’d change your mind.”
“I especially don’t date clients.”
“First time for everything.”
Criss, I cussed mentally in my mother’s French. Talking to him was like running in circles. I turned to my computer and began to type in his profile number. He came in so often that I had it memorized. At least, that’s what I told myself. “How about a werejaguar?”
“Too pushy. I like girls that are a little tart but melt in my arms.”
I rolled my eyes. Oh brother. “Harpy?”
“Pottymouth.”
“Dryad?”
“All they want to do is hike. I’m more of a ‘curl up in front of the fire and get to know each other’ kind of guy.”
I’d just bet he was. “Fae?”
“Too delicate. I like a girl I can grab.”
Oh, you are a pig. “Vampire?”
He touched his nose. “Not a fan of the dead smell.”
I turned from my keyboard in exasperation. “Why don’t you tell me what you’re looking for, and I’ll see if we have a profile that might match that description?”
Josh skimmed a finger in lazy circles on the surface of my desk. “I didn’t say I was here for a date. Unless you’re willing, of course.”
“Then why are you here?”
He gestured at the back room, where the sounds of arguing still continued. “Heard that Vic Merino was going to be stopping by in a fury, and those tigers like to roar. Thought I’d come give my brother some backup before heading off to work.”
My eyes narrowed at him. “So why all the pretense about your dating choices?”
“You tell me, Marie. You’re the one who’s so quick to try and get me laid.”
I gritted my teeth. “Don’t you have someplace to be?” Like, anywhere but here?
Josh adjusted his baseball cap, and I caught another glimpse of those inhumanly beautiful blue eyes. “No place I’d rather be than right here with you, Marie.”
“Go away,” I said, turning back to my computer. “I’m busy here.”
“Busy with your list? Rounding up yeti for lonely were-women?”
I glared. “Go.”
He laughed and leaned forward, his big shoulders looming over my desk. My skin prickled with awareness and I stared at him, waiting. His nostrils flared and Josh tilted his head, then looked satisfied with whatever he’d smelled. He glanced back down at me. “Turns out Beau doesn’t need me. Sounds like the conversation’s over.” He lifted three fingers to the air, then counted down to two, then one.
The door to the conference room opened. A large man with inky black hair stormed out of the office. Beau followed, a grim expression on his face. At his heels, Bathsheba tugged on her long, white-blond ponytail, looking nervous.
The tiger clan leader seemed coldly furious, and I avoided making eye contact with him. He was mean looking, like a lot of the larger predator types. His arms were enormous and corded with veins, but his large, brutish features had an appeal. And he looked strong. Really damn strong. Strong was good.
I slid my list out and made a note of “tiger” under “were-anything.”
“Calm down,” Beau told him. “Let’s talk about this rationally.”
“Rational?” Vic Merino roared, the veins bulging in his neck. The big man snarled, his shoulders hunched with fury as he turned to glare at Beau. “One of my clan just turned a human. Do you know what this means? It means I’m now stuck with a fucking human who can’t figure out why she wants to turn into a fucking tiger every now and then. My clan didn’t need this shit.”
“I’m sure things will be fine,” Bathsheba began soothingly.
Vic turned his withering glare on her. “Fine? My clan will be forced to pay reparations to every other clan for breaking the law. Once the other clans find out what mine has done, they’re going to bankrupt us. And we’re also going to have to pay off her parents to keep them silent. We’re fucked.” His eyes grew fierce and wild. “My wife is pregnant with our child. You want me to be calm and rational while that idiot is taking food out of my mate’s mouth?”
Beau stepped in front of Bathsheba, silently protecting her, his glare fierce. “Don’t take that tone with my mate, Vic.”
Vic snarled back at Beau, baring his teeth . . . then dropped back a foot, pacing away. “Sorry. Fuck. I’m just a little stressed right now.”
I discreetly crossed “tigers” off my list. Yikes. I wasn’t sure I could deal with that kind of temper.
A muscle ticked in Beau’s cheek. “I’m just as angry as you are. But shouting isn’t going to turn her human again.”
“And what am I supposed to do? They’ve got me by my fucking balls and my clan by my wallet. Who am I going to complain to?” He crossed his arms over his broad chest. “She already tried to go to the police once, and we had to shut that shit down fast.”
“No human police,” Beau said, not moving from his protective stance in front of his wife. “You know what we have to do.”
That stopped the tiger’s furious pacing. “What do you propose?”
“The law changes today. Here. Now,” Beau said with a slice of his hand through the air. “First the trouble with the wolves and Sara, and now this. Things are getting out of control, and it threatens the safety of everyone. Maybe people think that because I’ve taken a human mate, the rules have relaxed. That’s not the case. Bathsheba’s life was threatened. Her sister’s been under constant attack. If anything, it’s proven to me that humans and weres shouldn’t mix.” The look on his face was grim. “From here on out, we’re moving to a no tolerance policy. No unapproved turnings. Anyone who does? Can join their newly turned friend in permanent exile.”
Permanent exile?
“Exile?” Johnny said, echoing my thoughts as he stepped out of the conference room, the redhead trailing behind him, her hand clutched in his. He swallowed hard. “We’re exiled?”
“We haven’t decided yet,” Vic snarled. “Why don’t you go show your girlfriend how to control her change so she doesn’t make another fucking scene in public?”
The girl flushed a bright red, and Johnny scowled. He grabbed the girl’s arm, and they made a hasty exit out of the room.
Beau rubbed his face, seeming decades older. The tiger alpha looked like he wanted to ransack something, and Beau shook his head. “We’ll sit on this for a few days before deciding what to do about his disrespect.”
“And the girl—”
“Will be included in his punishment,” Beau agreed. “We have to be firm on this. If it gets out that someone’s gone and changed a human, we’re all at risk. Zero tolerance.”
“But won’t that be seen as hypocritical after you’ve taken a human mate?” Bath asked, her voice quiet. “Your men are lonely.”
“And the men are not acting rationally. I’m not protecting them—I’m thinking of you, of Sara. Of every single human woman that’s going to be hunted and turned into something she doesn’t understand unless we put a lid on this.” He fixed a fierce gaze on all of us.
No one said a thing.
Beau turned to Bathsheba. “I need a list of all packs and clans that have an extremely low female ratio. We need to make sure the males are kept occupied. The last thing we want is a string of human women turned by men who can’t keep it in their pants.”
She gave him a blank look. “I’m sorry, were you asking me as your wife, or your assistant?”
I sucked in a breath, expecting someone to explode.
But Beau only chuckled, leaning in to kiss her cheek. “I’m sorry. Could you please help with this? I promise I’ll look at those resumés for an assistant once things calm down.”
She gave him a mollified smile and nodded. That was the thing I never got used to with shifters. They preferred it when their women talked back.
“But—” Johnny began.
“No excuses,” Beau clipped as he jerked around to fix the man in his gaze. His teeth bared, and I realized he was furious. Barely controlled, despite his loving manner with Bathsheba. “No one else is turned, or they’ll be exiled permanently.”
My heart dropped into my throat, and I very quietly scratched out “were-anything” on my list. That just cut down my list of available choices . . . considerably.
After all, I was trying to get someone to turn me.


Continued in MUST LOVE FANGS (available everywhere August 27, 2013!)

