Lynna’s Rogue
Tropical Paradise Series Book One

by

Kitty Margo

Copyright 2012 by Kitty Margo

Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved.
ISBN: 0985928026
ISBN-13: 978-0985928025

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Disclaimer: The persons, places, things, and otherwise animate or inanimate objects mentioned in this novel are figments of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to anything or anyone living (or dead) is unintentional. The author humbly begs your pardon. This is fiction, people.





In Loving Memory of



My beloved parents, 

Cliff and Bert.

Thank you for an amazing life.


Chapter 1 
Paris, France 1850



Only a fool, or one dimwitted, would fail to recognize that the incredible amount of money displayed before Joshua Jordan would come with a great deal of risk and danger attached to the proposal. And he was no fool. Would he be asked to turn marauding pirate? Thieving highwayman? Bloodthirsty assassin? 
The answer to all these questions stood before him in the form of one Nathan Rhodes. A man rumored to be the wealthiest in all of France, and one who appeared most eager to put an end to Joshua’s vivid speculations.
“It is quite simple really, Captain Jordan. You will be my daughter’s protector,” Nathan Rhodes stated as if it were the only pressing matter in the whole of the universe. “A physical protecting presence every moment of every day until she is safely delivered to my sister in America. Lynna must never be out of your sight, and on this point I would require your solemn oath as a gentleman, sir.”
“Why me?” Joshua wondered aloud. When had he gained the reputation as a highly touted babysitter.
“Because I have it on good authority that not only are you a man of your word, but that you are also fiercely loyal to those in your care. While I realize you have never even met my daughter and could therefore feel no such sentiment toward her, I also realize that with the proper amount of persuasion you could at least feel obligated to protect her as though she were your very own sister and see that no harm befalls her.” 
Nathan paused to allow his words to sink in, knowing his offer would be nearly impossible to refuse. When no response was forthcoming he continued, undaunted, a man obviously accustomed to having his way in all matters. “Now Captain Jordan, if you will give me your word, as an officer and a gentleman, that you would be willing to forfeit your own life for the safety of my daughter’s, then all that I hold before you will be yours.”
“Forfeit my life? It just got real. Now hold on just a minute, Mr. Rhodes.” At twenty and seven years of age Joshua was neither ready nor willing to die, especially for a complete stranger. “Perhaps you had better enlighten me as to precisely what it is your daughter needs protecting from, and why, sir?”
Nathan Rhodes motioned to the money, breathed a pained sigh, and sank wearily down in the chair Joshua offered. “Over the years, Captain Jordan, I have amassed a sizable fortune. I was visiting here from the red clay of Georgia just after completing my education, when I was introduced to my future wife and soon entered into a very profitable partnership with her father. Without even working to achieve it, the wealth seemed to be deposited in my lap. This is but a mere pittance compared to my vast holdings, I assure you. When my wife’s parents went to their heavenly reward, I was also bequeathed their rather immense fortune. However I assure you my wealth is not important at the moment. All my riches mean nothing without my darling daughter to share them.” 
 Again he paused as if expecting a reaction from Joshua, but got none. “To get to the point, Captain Jordan, I have received numerous threats over the years. There have been two blatant kidnap attempts with the last coming only two days ago. They came too close this time, much too close. If not for a few minor miscalculations on their part they would have succeeded in kidnapping my daughter and holding her for ransom.” 
The grieving father’s voice shook as his eyes clouded with pain. “Only the Good Lord above knows what harm the miscreants might have done before releasing her. If they released her. Therefore, although it pains me beyond measure, I feel it detrimental to my daughter’s welfare to remain in France. I must relinquish her until these criminals can be captured and brought to justice. My justice.” He slammed his clenched fist on the table hard enough to make a few of the coins flip.
Joshua noticed a tear slip from his red swollen eyes. This decision clearly weighed heavily on Nathan Rhodes’ mind as expressions of deep anguish flickered across his haggard face. “I have the wherewithal to purchase anything my heart desires, Captain Jordan. Anything in the world I wish for, except happiness. Why, in all my daughter’s eighteen years I have never missed a single breakfast with her or spent a solitary night without her peacefully slumbering in the room juxtaposed to mine. Were I not in fear of losing her forever this separation would be unfathomable.” 
“I can certainly appreciate your concern, sir.” Contemplating his words Joshua strolled to the open window to gaze across placid ocean waters. “However, I can assure you that your daughter would have no greater need than a female traveling companion. She would come to no harm on board my ship. As you are aware, the Windjammer is a cargo vessel and we only have accommodations for two passengers at most.”
Joshua scrubbed a hand over his face considering the offer before him, the pros and cons. The pros being the money of course, the cons, being saddled with a spoiled and whiny brat for the entire cruise. “On this particular voyage both passengers have sailed with me previously and I can vouch for their safety, as well as my crew, whom I would trust with my life. But rest easy that they would be alerted to the situation at hand and every possible precautionary measure would be taken to assure your daughter’s safe voyage. I would not think it too difficult a task to keep a vigilant eye on her.  ”
“A traveling companion!” Nathan roared, leaping from his chair to stand before a stunned Joshua like a man possessed with hidden demons. “Have you gone completely daft, man?” His hands on Joshua’s shoulders jerked as if he were trying to shake some sense into a simpleton. “It is their intention to abduct my daughter and hold her for ransom. For the love of God man, they might even resort to murder if their kidnapping plot were to somehow go awry. A hell of a lot of good a traveling companion would do!”
Taking a deep breath in an apparent attempt to settle his frayed nerves, Nathan continued. “Captain Jordan, please allow me to impress upon you the seriousness of this situation. My daughter must have a bodyguard, someone to protect her from any and all adversaries encountered along the way. Someone who will be by her side by day, and especially at night, when these brigands are most likely to strike.”
Nathan sighed heavily. “Understand this is not a pleasure cruise, sir. If it were I would build her the most opulent and lavishly bedecked vessel to ever navigate the seas. I would see it equipped with every convenience and have every extravagance known, or even considered in the shipping industry, to take her to any destination her heart desired. But the thieves would expect my daughter to travel in such a manner. Concealing her on a cargo vessel will be the safest and least conspicuous means to reach her destination.”
Turning to face Joshua, Nathan’s eyes swept his muscular frame. “I put complete trust in you, Captain Jordan, to be the gentleman and protector my daughter needs. Nonetheless, should she come to any harm while in your care…” he paused and glanced out the window at the calm, sparkling water of the bay. Joshua noticed his knuckles whiten under the pressure of his clenched fist. “May the Good Lord be with you.”
Nathan’s meaning was all too fully understood as their eyes locked. In a nutshell, should any harm come to his cherished daughter while under Joshua’s protection, he would be signing his own death notice. And Joshua knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that Nathan Rhodes would search heaven and hell to see the deed accomplished.
“Do we have a deal, Captain?” Nathan was apparently closing this discussion. “If you can agree to my terms, may I suggest preparations get underway to sail at your earliest convenience? I wish for my daughter to be out of this Godforsaken country on the next high tide.”
It had been some time since Joshua had bestowed upon his crew a hefty bonus for their years of faithful service. Therefore, after but a moments thought, the decision was made to accept the man’s challenge and split half the bounty among his crew. “We have a deal, and you have my word as a gentleman that I will do everything in my power to see your daughter reach her destination safely.” 
 “Before I go, there are a few things I feel obliged to tell you about Lynna’s unique and decidedly unorthodox upbringing, Captain Jordan. If you are to understand my daughter, you must first understand her rather exceptional background.” Nathan massaged his temples. “She has lived a sheltered life of relative seclusion due to the abduction attempts. She has no close friends and only a few acquaintances other than the very select household staff. Whenever she left home, which was not often I must admit, she was always heavily chaperoned.”
It was a sad fact of the times when all his wealth could not guarantee his daughter’s safety. “The consequences of this sequestered life are that Lynna knows very little of what goes on in the world around her. The Chateau is her world. A world filled with every available luxury. A world in which every indulgence was at her beck and call, except friends, girls her own age with whom to share intimate secrets. I could not risk allowing outsiders into our private world. We never knew who could be plotting against us.” 
He shook himself as if to rid his mind of a painful memory. “I will tell you this, Captain Jordan. If you find my daughter lacking in worldly ways, and I am confident that you will, you must bear in mind that it was through no fault of her on. It was forced on her through necessity and my constant fear for her well being.”
“It may be none of my concern, but I am curious,” Joshua queried. “Why did your wife not journey to the docks to bid her daughter farewell?”
Nathan raked a hand through his thinning hair. “My wife was abducted before our daughter’s third birthday. I paid the ransom within days after receiving it, to no avail. Her ravaged body washed ashore three days later.” 
Joshua witnessed the pain and grief that momentarily flickered across Nathan’s face. The man had lost his wife to kidnappers, and now his only child was facing the same fate, and being forced to sail into the horizon. Joshua was now able to fully understand the father’s irrational fear for his daughter’s safety. As he watched Nathan Rhodes melancholy departure from his cabin, Joshua was reminded of what his own mother had so often told him as a child. 
Money makes life easier, Joshua, to be sure. But it cannot buy happiness.
As Nathan Rhodes hung his head and went to bring his daughter on board, Joshua went on deck to inform his crew of the bonus each of them would receive after the safe delivery of their precious cargo. His mother’s words were true indeed, but he had not a doubt in his mind that the thought of the extra coins at the end of this voyage would be the next best thing to happiness for his crew.

~*~

Lynna Rhodes was hard pressed not to skip up the gangplank in her eagerness to experience her first sea voyage, yet she remained the embodiment of a heartbroken daughter leaving both her father and her homeland behind. She glanced under her lashes at her father as he clutched her arm the same way a drowning man would the nearest floating object, dropping her gaze as sudden guilt almost overwhelmed her. How could she be so elated when he was obviously miserable and looking so forlorn? He reminded her of a man in mourning, or one on the way to the gallows, while her own excitement was almost impossible to subdue. 
Due to her father’s almost irrational fear for her safety she had never been onboard a ship or even allowed to venture to the docks for that matter. She had often watched the ships entering the harbor from her daydreaming perch on her upstairs window seat and longed to sail into the horizon to one of the intriguing far distant countries that until now had only been visited in books. Now that dream was about to become a reality.
She was destined for an exciting new land, a new home, and a new way of life. Best of all she was setting sail without the hovering bodyguards that had forever been a perpetual thorn in her side. Just this morning her father had informed her that she would be traveling without them or even her maid Gertrude, since they would only draw unwelcome attention to her. Instead of the ever present bodyguards, she was to rely on Captain Joshua Jordan for her every need. She eagerly anticipated hearing his captivating tales of thrilling adventures around the world. There should be plenty of time for storytelling, since the Captain was to assume total responsibility for her safety and they would be spending a surplus of time together. 
But sea captains were, according to the numerous books she had read, an old and dowdy lot and this one would no doubt pay little attention to her whereabouts. Probably busy with steering the ship or whatever captains did, leaving her to explore the sailing vessel and its passengers at her leisure. 
She wanted to run across the deck laughing and singing to the high heavens, instead she peered into her father’s miserable countenance and her heart dropped to her feet. She had never felt more torn, as excitement and sadness waged a heated battle within. Consoling herself with the fact that his sorrow would be short lived, she was convinced he would soon see the villains captured and hanged, thus sending word for her to return home. With that thought she forced her mind to ignore her father’s sad visage and instead counted the billowing sails above her. 
She was so excited to be meeting new people. Yet, that in itself presented a quandary. She would be meeting strangers for the very first time in her life. Would she know how to conduct herself properly? What to say? When to say it? She was all too aware that if put to the test she would be found sorely lacking in the fine art of conversation. However all the blame could not be placed solely on her slim shoulders, since she had never been allowed to hone those fine skills. Her daily routine met with very few unfamiliar faces. 
Lynna’s father escorted her to her cabin, and with tear filled eyes, hugged her close as though he would never let go. “My beloved daughter, you will never know the agony this decision has stirred inside me. You must realize why I am sending you away and the heartache I feel in doing so. Please, assure me that you understand.” 
“But of course I do, Father.” Lynna’s happiness at her newfound freedom rapidly dissolved as she gazed into his downcast eyes. In all her life she had never seen her poor father look so miserable and defeated. “And we will be together again soon, you shall see. Your men will have those awful criminals caught in no time and I will be awaiting word that I may return home.” 
“Godspeed, my darling child. Rest assured that I shall send for you as soon as the danger has passed. Now I must depart before I am recognized. Look to the Captain for your every need until you reach Georgia, where Aunt Judith will be waiting with open arms.”
“I shall be waiting for your missive, Father,” she cried around the tight knot that had suddenly formed in her throat. “Au revoir, Father. Je t’aime!” 
With sagging shoulders, her father opened the door, and Lynna noticed a man leaning casually against the doorjamb, patiently waiting. As her father closed the door and she heard the lock click behind him, she felt a brief moment of panic as she wondered if she had traded one prison for another.
Alone in the cabin, she removed the whalebone hoops from beneath the thirteen yards of ruffled, cornflower blue silk material that made up the skirt of her gown, and perched on the edge of the bed, removing kid slippers. Feeling gloriously unencumbered (her father never forced her to wear those two foolish contraptions, hoops and corsets, at home), she listened to the muffled voices coming from the opposite side of the portal. As she fidgeted nervously with the hem of her flounced petticoat, her enthusiasm was almost impossible to contain.
Was this really happening? 
Was this ship about to set sail? 
With her in it? 
Would her dear father have a sudden change of heart at the last minute and take her home? 
She would not truly believe that she was about to begin her first grand adventure until she heard the wind billowing in the sixteen canvas sails of the Windjammer.
Taking a moment to survey her new surroundings, she found it to be a room much like her father’s study, with the addition of an intricately carved four poster and a massive sea trunk. Along the walls were shelves lined with delicately shaped trinkets of ivory, glass, and metal. A large desk took up one corner of the room, cluttered with maps, a compass, a sextant and a hand carved model of the ship. This must be the Captain’s cabin. She smiled, wondering how much it had cost her beloved father to persuade the Captain to give up the comfort of his bed for her convenience.
Wiping the perspiration that dotted her brow and trickled into her cleavage, she considered taking leave of her traveling outfit and choosing a more appropriate day dress. It was stifling hot even though the four large windows in the cabin were open. Hopefully the ship would soon be underway and she might benefit from a cooling ocean breeze on this sweltering day. Retrieving a fan from her reticule and fanning herself vigorously, she plopped down in the center of the bed and waited patiently for her introduction to the captain of the Windjammer.


Chapter 2 



After having assured Nathan for the umpteenth time that he would care for his daughter as though she were his very own sibling and escorting him off the ship, finally, Joshua strode toward his cabin to console the poor sheltered recluse. He had put off his duty as long as he could, now he must see to his charge. No doubt she would cower in the corner when he entered and scream bloody murder if he so much as looked at her sideways. There was one other female passenger onboard who might be persuaded to befriend the child and perhaps share sleeping quarters with her. He would make a few inquiries on the morrow. No, that wouldn’t work. Nathan would have his head if he allowed the youngster out of his sight. 
Surely the girl must be as overwrought by this situation as her father, being banished from the only home she had ever known without so much as a maidservant. After living such a secluded life, albeit a spoiled and pampered one for so many years, she could hardly be expected to be a social butterfly, more likely a painfully shy recluse. Already dreading the long, sleepless nights ahead spent calming the grief stricken youngster, his consolation would be that he and his crew would certainly be well compensated for any disturbed sleep. Joshua plastered a cheery smile on his face and tried to prepare himself for her caterwauling as he knocked softly and slowly opened the door. 
For the love of God! 
What charade was this? 
Had he been duped? 
The vision before him was certainly no homesick or grief stricken child. He would bet his ship on that. What was the reason for this masquerade? 
His jaw dropped to his chest as he stood perfectly still, inhaling sharply as the exquisite creature before him beamed a radiant smile. Surely the ravishing beauty on his bed could not be Nathan Rhodes’s painfully shy and withdrawn daughter. She looked anything but upset at the thought of leaving her father, or her country, behind.
If the truth were told, Joshua had viewed beautiful women in ports all over the world, yet Lynna Rhodes far surpassed them all. She had been blessed with smooth, creamy skin and breathtaking vivid blue eyes that sparkled up at him, enticing moist, pink lips, a dainty upturned nose, and waist length, feathery golden curls that hugged her enchanting curves. And she was far from shedding the copious amounts of tears he had assumed would be flowing in earnest at the thought of putting an ocean between herself and her parent.
“Oh hello, you must be Captain Jordan, enchante’.” Her soft lilting voice startled him. “I am Lynna Rhodes. Although, I’m sure you must already know who is occupying your cabin in your stead.” She giggled, tumbling from the bed and standing to offer her hand. “I can hardly wait for us to set sail. Will it be very much longer?”
Joshua closed his mouth and opened it again in a determined effort to reply, but no words fell from his lips. Instead, he accepted her delicate hand as her sparkling azure gaze held him captive. Then, as if she had read his mind and sought to fulfill his wildest fantasy, she moved into his arms, pressing her soft, full, and very feminine curves against him. 
“Thank you, Captain, for giving up the comforts of your bed. I was dreading the very thought of trying to find ease on a hard bunk bed. I trust your new quarters are suitable.”
Joshua glanced toward his bed and thought yes, his quarters were quite suitable. Where had she gotten the erroneous notion that he would be abandoning his cabin? Her father had given him strict orders that he was to share the cabin with her, sleeping on a hard cot in the corner of course, but always within sight of her. Certainly her father had not been remiss in sharing this knowledge with his daughter?
Once again his eyes strayed toward the body of a woman who seemed to possess the innocence of a child. A hazardous combination, to be sure. Her embrace was a cordial display of affection, nothing more. No coy flirtatious move designed to send a man’s blood racing and have him drooling at her feet. (The first of which was presently happening with a vengeance, and the latter of which he was struggling desperately not to execute.) He would bet every coin Nathan Rhodes had deposited in his safe that she did not possess the slightest notion of how her affectionate hug would affect him or any other member of the opposite sex for that matter. Her father’s words repeated over and over in his mind. “If you find my daughter lacking in worldly ways, Captain Jordan…”
“Oh, Captain Jordan, I am terribly excited about this voyage.” Her blue eyes danced up at him. “But… to be perfectly honest, you are not at all what I expected.” 
“An understatement if ever there was one, my lady.” Joshua finally found his voice and took several steps backward, needing distance from the delightful imp. “But pray tell, what did you expect?”
She turned her gorgeous head sideways, studying him with a creased brow. “Um…someone much older, saltier perhaps. More rugged. Yes, that’s the word I was searching for. More rugged from the many years spent on the deck of a ship.”
“I have spent many years on the deck of the Windjammer, to be sure.” God, she was stunning. Joshua took several deep breaths and sought to calm his galloping heart. “As for my age, I don’t believe I’m ready to be put out to pasture just yet.”
“And neither do I.” Her tinkling laughter sent shivers traipsing along his spine. “At any rate, all of my knowledge came from books. Captain, I have never been to your country, though I have read much about America. Our journey should be about an eight week voyage if we have good wind. Is this correct?”
“Umm…. yes.” What had she said? Best to just agree with her.
 “You will tell me what to expect when we arrive, oui?”
 Joshua watched as a tiny trickle of perspiration slid down her neck to the valley between her breasts. What he would not give to wipe it off with his... Stop! Why was he thinking such ludicrous and life endangering thoughts? 
Raking a trembling hand through his hair, Joshua tore his eyes from her lovely features and spent the next several minutes perusing the toe of his boot. He had been hired to protect this girl as he would his own sister. But damn Nathan Rhodes all to hell! He should have warned him of what a truly exquisite creature his daughter was, instead of rambling on and on about her supposed lack of social graces. There was not a red blooded man alive, French, American or any other nationality who would not be taken aback and caught completely off guard by the exquisite Lynna Rhodes. 
 Noticing his obvious distress, Lynna wondered what she could have done to upset the dear man. “I’m sorry, Captain Jordan, if I have upset you. I assure you that it was completely unintentional,” Lynna whispered guiltily as she witnessed his hurried rush to the exit. 
“Of course, you did not upset me,” he lied. “I came to meet you and see to your comfort. Now, if all is to your satisfaction, I must return to my duties.”
Lynna motioned toward the inviting four poster bed. “I could not have asked for more comfortable quarters.”
Neither could he. “I am glad you approve,” he mumbled, swiping at the sweat that beaded furiously on his brow. “In that case, I bid you good day and will return in time to share the evening meal with you.”
The Captain appeared to be having great difficulty with the latch before he was able to fling the portal wide and make a mad dash out of his cabin.
“Good day, Captain.” For the life of her, Lynna could not fathom what she had done to distress him so. Heavenly days! Why were men destined to be such an emotional lot, anyway? The least little thing sent them into a wild and uncontrollable tailspin. For was Captain Jordan not exhibiting the same discomposure she had witnessed on other men so often in the past? Alas, she had come to the conclusion long ago that men were the weaker sex.
After all, the men at home, the bodyguards and bookish associates of her father, had always reacted in the same manner of agitation after having bestowed upon them one of her impetuous hugs. Why, on more than one occasion she had feared them to be on the verge of a fit of apoplexy, clenching their fists tightly at their sides and sweating rather profusely under her father’s menacing glare.
To be sure, her father had frequently chided her for being overly affectionate. Perhaps that was the problem. She was simply too friendly and the Captain seemed to lack the emotion entirely and be rather stoic to boot. But she did so want him to like her, for he was such an attractive man. Tall, at least six feet two inches, with black wavy hair that fell carelessly across his forehead, and skin tanned golden from many hours spent in the sun. And his pearly white teeth, she was sure, would sparkle were he ever to even attempt a smile.
Her thoughts meandered back to the impulsive hug she had given the Captain. She had felt… what was it she had felt exactly? A strange, yet entirely delicious feeling in the pit of her stomach. But she could not name it. The feeling had seemed to rapidly spread to all parts of her body, leaving a noticeable sensitivity in her breasts. Brushing her hands across the front of her bodice, she remembered vividly the feelings that had awakened when she had pressed against his broad chest. 
Lynna knew one thing for certain. Captain Jordan was of a different caliber than any other man she had ever met.

~*~

Sam Bogan had been the ship’s cook for as long as Joshua had been the captain and the two were as close as father and son. Joshua knew that over the years Sam had come to recognize the signs of when something was bothering him. Evidently those signs were too obvious to ignore at the moment. “What ails ye, lad?” Sam asked, continuing to peel the mound of potatoes before him.
“An extraordinary problem to say the least.” Joshua took huge bites of a raw potato, proving Sam’s assumption to be correct. Whenever Joshua was nervous he ate vast quantities of whatever food was within reach.
“Well, spit it out.” Sam chuckled at his own humor. “The problem, not the potato.”
“You most likely won’t consider it a problem at all.” Joshua glanced up as he took another bite of potato. “However there is an extremely fetching, and might I add extremely affectionate young lady sprawled in the center of my bed.”
Sam halted his knife mid-peel to glare at Joshua, puzzled by his statement. “Ye would be correct in your assumption, lad. I do not consider it much of a problem at all.”
Ignoring his comment, Joshua glowered. “And when I entered my cabin she propelled herself into my arms in a most provocative fashion.”
“And?” Sam roared with laughter. “I still fail to see the problem.”
“And I got the hell out of there!” Joshua shrieked. “What did you expect me to do?” Damn! He sounded like a raving lunatic even to himself.
“Anything, except that. I’ve not known ye to be resisting the amorous advances of comely females, quite the opposite. But wait, might this be the young girl ye are escorting to relatives in Georgia, and being paid quite handsomely to see her arrive unmolested?”
“Ha!” Joshua laughed. “The vixen on my bed is certainly no girl.”
“Come again?”
Joshua’s hand shook as he reached for the salt. “She has the body of a woman in full bloom.”
Sam shook his head sadly, knowing nothing good could come of this. “Then that presents a bit of a quandary if you intent to share a room with the lass.”
 Joshua could only hang his head. “Tell me about it.”
 “Aye.” Sam pointed his knife at Joshua. “I almost forgot about the bargain with her father.”
“I wish I could.” Joshua sprinkled salt on another potato and mumbled around a mouth filled to overflowing, “But I have this odd penchant for living.”
Sam tried to hide a crooked smile. “While, it’s true that I know nothing of the young girl’s character, it would seem the lady in question be no lady at all if she throws herself on ye at first sight. I seem to recall many a fetching damsel trying to hook ye over the years. Though, thus far, through some grand stroke of luck, ye’ve managed to slip through their enchanting fingers without getting caught. Does the young lass perchance know her own father has practically issued a death warrant for ye head if there be any…ah… mishaps on this voyage?” 
“How could she possibly know?” Joshua spluttered. “When I could not trust myself in her presence long enough to babble more than two words.” 
“Is it possible that her life in France was so isolated and lonely that she is willing to do whatever is necessary, including bedding the Captain of the Windjammer and forcing him into marriage to prevent a return to it?”
“I suppose it could be possible,” Joshua mumbled, pondering his words.
Sam shook his head. “As ye well know, most young ladies of good breeding are no more than eye-batting, simpering, parasol twirling, and swooning flirts. Were ye to try anything more than a polite peck on the cheek, she would in all probability jump in the bed and cover her head, or run across the deck screaming for your head.”
Joshua lips curved into a knowing smile. Of course. Sam was absolutely correct. The girl had given him a simple hug in greeting and what a juvenile reaction he had shown her in return, practically bolting from the room like a nervous schoolboy. She must be near rolling on the bed with mirth at this very moment given his adolescent reaction to her plentiful charms. With strong resolve, he left a grinning Sam, marched back to his cabin, and with only a moments pause shoved open the door without bothering to knock.
Lynna stood beside the bed clad only in a scanty cream colored chemise of the finest lace money could buy. As his eyes feasted hungrily on the alluring view of long shapely legs now only a few feet from his own, his strong resolve deserted him immediately and his eyes near left their sockets as he reached for a shiny red apple on the desk.
“Oh, Captain Jordan! I was left with the impression that you would not be returning until late this even,” Lynna cried snatching her dress to hastily cover herself, “You should have knocked, sir. I am not dressed to receive company. I certainly hope you do not make a habit of barging into a lady’s bedchamber unannounced. Now please, get out.” 
“Not as a general rule, no. Please, forgive me,” Joshua stammered, much chagrined as he hastily backed out the door and stood in the hallway like a chastened lad. “I will wait outside until you are suitably attired.”
Several minutes had passed before she called him to enter, the embarrassing incident seemingly forgotten. “Will our meal be served soon? I find myself quite famished.” When he failed to answer, though not from lack of trying, she moved to stand directly in front of him, holding her unfastened dress together at the bodice.
“Um… yes,” he choked on the words, decidedly ill at ease. “The meal should be delivered any moment now.”
Lynna smiled brilliantly, without an apparent care for her state of undress. “Captain Jordan, you seem a bit pale. Perhaps you have spent too much time in the sun today.” A worried frown creased her brow as she bent to slip on a shoe, causing her full breasts to come dangerously close to spilling over her chemise. “That is why I was never allowed outside overmuch.” She chewed on her bottom lip, tugging the material over her breasts. “Father said too much sun was unhealthy.”
Joshua’s heart pounded erratically in his chest as his eyes feasted on her satiny bosom rising and falling above the lace of her chemise, beckoning him from not an arm’s length away. In one simple motion he could have her in his arms, have his mouth on those inviting pink, moist lips. No! He closed his eyes and issued a silent prayer for strength. That could not happen. Was he going stark raving mad? He was a gentleman. 
A gentleman who, not less than one hour ago, had sworn an oath to protect this vixen with his very life, and now ever fiber in his being yearned to seduce her. Would he survive this voyage?
“Captain Jordan?” Lynna whispered, concern etched on her lovely features.
“What?” His tongue finally untied itself and he was able to speak. “Yes, I am fine. No, it is not the sun. It’s hunger. I have not taken sustenance since early this morning. Yes, our repast should be here soon. Now… I must go.” He knew he was rambling and was about to make a hasty retreat before he made an even bigger fool of himself. 
However, before he was completely over the trauma of having her enticing front side so near, she had presented her back to him and requested, “Before you go, Captain Jordan, will you fasten me, s’il vous plait? I fear I am rather lost without Gertrude.”
“Dear Lord,” Joshua silently implored, “if ever I needed your strength it would be now.” He was thankful her back was turned so she wouldn’t witness the trembling hands that moved at a slug’s pace toward her back, sorely afraid to touch the velvety skin.
“Captain Jordan?” Lynna questioned, wondering at the delay after several long, fumbling minutes had passed. “Is there some difficulty?” As she waited, she fiddled with a tiny locket that hung from a fine gold chain around her neck. “I fear father sent me away grossly unprepared. I cannot possibly fasten and unfasten the stays at my back, nor do I feel comfortable asking you to do it morning and night. But what choice do I have? I have no other acquaintances onboard this ship.”
Pity for the girl was strong inside Joshua. Had her father not been sorely vexed at the thought of sending his daughter across the ocean, the fact that she would need a maid to accomplish these menial tasks would never have slipped his mind. “No, no difficulty,” Joshua croaked the lie as he dropped the apple on his desk. Yet, as his hands reached for the dress, his fingers made a powerful jolting contact with her bare skin and that was his undoing. He wondered if she felt the tremor that coursed through him, or the heat that leapt from her body to scorch his hands?
From seemingly far, far away, Joshua was suddenly aware of a thumping inside his head, which grew louder and louder still until it at last broke through the pea soup fog of his brain.
“Are ye in there, lad?” Sam shouted. “Yer meal is getting cold and I don’t intend for my victuals to sit outside ye door and be consumed by rodents. Open up!”
Sam’s shout succeeding in gaining Lynna’s immediate attention. “Captain Jordan, will you please quit lollygagging and fasten my stays? I do not wish to be on display for every man on this ship. Oh, for heaven’s sakes, never mind.” Instead, she grabbed a nearby shawl, draped it over her shoulders and tied it in front.
Joshua shook his head to loose the cobwebs, but Sam had called several more times before he made his way to the door. The impulse was strong to stuff a chicken leg in the old cook’s mouth and inform him that food was not what he hungered for. Instead he opened the door and allowed the grinning man to enter. 
Both men knew the menial chore of delivering lunch trays fell to the cabin boy. Normally Sam would consider the task far beneath him and be greatly affronted if instructed to carry it out. Why in the hell did he lower his standards today? However, Joshua was aware that the older man’s curiosity had overridden his pride and he wished to see first hand if the gossip making the rounds of the ship was true.
“I am happy to see that for once the rumors have some merit. You are a bonny lass.” Sam smiled broadly at Lynna as he marched into the cabin. “A winsome lass indeed.”
Lynna’s beaming smile brought a twinkle to the seasoned sailor’s eyes. “You are most kind, sir, and a welcome sight, as I find myself quite ravenous.”
“At your service, milady.” Joshua knew Sam was not one to waste time chatting, and having seen what he had come to see was ready to depart. “Now if you will excuse me, I have about forty more starving mouths to feed on this vessel. Enjoy your meal, lass.”
After Sam’s departure, Joshua sat back and observed as Lynna ate heartily of the fine fare spread before her. She paused long enough to glimpse at him and ask in between bites of crispy fried chicken, “Will you not join me, Captain? I thought you were hungry?”
Joshua poured another glass of wine, peering at her over the rim. “I find that I was more thirsty than hungry. Would you care for a glass of port?”
“Um… no, I don’t… um, yes.” What would it hurt to try it? “Thank you, Captain Jordan.”
Joshua watched her sip the wine, make a small purr of pleasure, and down the entire glass. “How delicious.” He refilled her glass as she speared a potato and pushed it past her succulent lips. Minutes later she untied the shawl and tossed it on the bed. “It has gotten much warmer in here, has it not, Captain?” With the back of her hand she wiped beads of perspiration from her finely arched brow.
Joshua laughed heartily at her flushed face. “Perhaps you have had enough port, my dear. You would not want to drink overmuch and miss leaving the docks.” Sliding the bottle out of her reach, he went to pour her a glass of water but was interrupted by a tapping on the door. Thinking it was Sam again he flung the portal wide only to find his first mate.
“Captain, we are ready to set sail. Will you be wanting to steer us out of the harbor?”
“Yes, of course.” Now that his nerves had settled somewhat, he found that he rather enjoyed her company. Turning to Lynna, he added, “I will return soon.”


Chapter 3 



When Joshua again entered his cabin, Lynna was nibbling on a square of buttered cornbread and reaching for the nearly empty bottle to refill her glass. Joshua was taken aback by her apparent thirst for wine. Was the lady a lush? Some women would be falling out of their seats after consuming a bottle of wine. Lynna wasn’t falling out of her seat, but of a certainty she was pouring more port into her plate than she was her glass. Joshua grabbed the bottle as she took a bite of apple cobbler, licked her lips, and smiled up at him.
“Port is sreally very good, Captain Jordan. I was never allowed to have it at the Chateau, Father said ladies should not par…part…partake of spirits.”
“Now you tell me,” Joshua moaned, shaking his head at his ignorance. Some protector he was. The girl was drunk before they left the docks.
 “But it does make my head feel...frunny.” She hiccupped loudly, daintily covering her mouth with a lace handkerchief. “I need fresh… air.”  She looked with longing toward the open window as she stood and cautiously made an unsuccessful step toward it.
Joshua reached out to catch her just as she fell into his arms, causing her gown to gape open and reveal things he did not need to see at the moment. “Here, Miss Rhodes, allow me to fasten your stays. It seems I have been remiss in my duties.” He inhaled a deep, steadying breath, stood erect, and once again reached for her back. No, he could not do it. He knew better than to touch her. “Please have a seat until I return. There is one other female passenger on the ship that should be able to help you dress. I will fetch her.” 
“Non, I want you, not a stranger helping me dress.” She waved an unsteady finger at him. “My father ass…ass…assured me that you would see to all my needs. I am to thrust no one else.” 
She made a good point. He could do this. Casually, opening his hands to see the task completed, his thumb accidentally caressed the softness of her back. Her skin was silky to the touch. Smooth as glass. What would be the harm in allowing his palms to caress for the briefest of moments the velvety softness? In his current state of mind, he could not imagine a single harmful consequence that might result from his actions. Placing his hands upon her back, Joshua closed his eyes, savoring the heady feeling of having her smooth skin beneath his calloused palms. 
As the rest of his body immediately responded to what his hands were feeling, he was quick to realize what a grievous error in judgment it had been to touch her. Would he be able to remove his hands, which now moved of their own volition across her back and toward the gentle rise and fall of her breasts? 
She should turn around any moment and land a resounding slap to his cheek. He would welcome the pain. Better still, he prayed she would draw up her enticing knee and deliver a fierce jab to his privates. Anything to clear his befuddled head and put a halt to his roaming hands before it was too late.
Unfortunately, the thought of slapping or kneeing Joshua never entered Lynna’s spinning mind. In fact, she did not benefit from a clear, rational thought at all. Her head was swimming through a murky lake while still attached to her shoulders. In fact, her eyes saw two Captains in the room with her. And she would swear on a stack of bibles that if she did not soon remove her cumbersome clothes she would surely perish from heat stroke. 
She drew a shocked breath when she felt his rough hands on her unclad, untouched skin, and in her inebriated state, his touch felt glorious, absolutely sublime. So sublime in fact that her entire body seemed to melt. Not just where he touched. The very skin where his hands rested felt singed by flames. 
Every nerve in her body seemed to be centered under the palm of his hand. And those hands were moving around her sides…slowly…much too slowly. Her breasts ached, no throbbed, with each and every beat of her heart, pulsing against the thin material of her chemise, her nipples pleading and straining against the fabric. For what? What were these unfamiliar feelings running rampant through her bewildered body? 
She had never experienced such feelings as these at the Chateau. Not once. Was it the wine? Is that why her father never allowed her to drink it? Could this ship be enchanted? Was she under the influence of a magical spell? Was the Captain a wizard perhaps? She knew about sorcery and bewitchment from the books she had read and Gertrude quite frequently consulted Tarot cards when Lynna’s father was not around to witness the Celtic spread. Why, the elderly woman even possessed a voodoo doll, which she would viciously push pins into nightly while she chanted some unknown tongue, made to a likeness of the woman who had pilfered Gertrude’s betrothed away.
Lynna could not quiet the ramblings in her head, nor fathom what was happening to her, yet there was an urgency about the feelings that was not to be denied. And she desperately yearned for more. She felt his hands fluttering at her sides and knew that where she really wanted them was on her aching breasts. And she had often heard her father say to his associates, “If you want something, go get it!” Oh, just to feel his hands on her breasts would surely be tantamount to dying and floating off to heaven on a wispy bit of cloud.
She was at a loss to explain the craving, having never felt it before, yet it was intense. Seeing absolutely no harm in fulfilling the desire, she reached up, and placing her hands on top of Joshua’s, tugged them to cup her throbbing breasts. Oh! The immense pleasure of having his hands on her breasts caused every nerve in her body to pulse with molten lava. 
She heard Joshua gasp and moan into her hair as she pressed back against him. She had never known such intense, all consuming rapture existed as the very moment his hands closed around her breasts. And what were those strange, demanding sensations that seemed to be pulsing and vibrating through her lower anatomy?
Her head fell limply on Joshua’s shoulder as a soft moan of sheer, uninhibited ecstasy flowed from her parted lips, making her wish his hands would remain on her breasts at least until the morning sun peeked through the window. Then, she felt herself being spun around in his arms and his soft lips lowered to hers. Pleasure took on new heights as their lips met ever so sweetly in a kiss she felt in the very pit of her stomach. One hand moved to her midsection, afraid she would soon be beset by her monthly spell of painful cramps. What else could cause such fluttering in the space between her legs?
His hands slid over her flat stomach, causing every muscle in her body to tense with pleasure, then he slowly caressed her hips and buttocks before coming to rest on her heaving breasts. Oh, it was the most marvelous feeling to have his hands there, but then when they had wandered around her hips, she had wanted them to remain in that general area a little longer as well. She fervently wished he had more hands. 
Then he lifted her gently and carried her to the bed. She hiccupped loudly as Joshua lay down beside her, and caressing her face, whispered, “Do not be frightened, my sweet. I will not do anything you do not wish me to.” Then Joshua brought his mouth down to hers to drink deeply from her lips and ease her gown from her shoulders. As he did, he stroked the inside of her lips with his tongue until her mouth opened to him.
Hot liquid fire coursed through Lynna’s veins. What were these unique and startling sensations? Why did she wish to cry out at the loss of his lips as they left a burning trail down her throat and over the pulsing hollow between her breasts? Then his moist lips slid over her flushed skin to rest on the peak of her breast. His tongue on the sensitive area sent flames fanning out in all directions. As his soft lips devoted undivided attention to her breast, her mind centered around the intensifying need that threatened at any second to explode and set fire to her lower regions. When the explosion finally came, she had to wonder what would happen to the charred remains of her insides? 
Joshua continued his lustful assault, running his tongue along the tender underside of her breast, sending shivers of pure bliss coursing through her until she thought she would go mad from the sensual torture. When she could stand it no longer, she took his head between her hands and returned it to her swollen peak. “Oh, Captain Jordan,” she whimpered, “I need… something.” 
He removed his lips long enough to murmur, “Lynna, would you agree that under our present circumstances you may forgo the formalities and call me Joshua?”
She was unable to answer as the ache inside her intensified and she writhed on the bed in search of, what? Her legs fell open of their own accord, wanting, needing, and searching. “Please, Joshua, release me from this torment.”
“I will not take you in a drunken state,” he whispered against her hair, no matter how desperately he wanted her. “I want you to be a fully aware of what is happening, and a passionate participant rather than an inebriated bystander.” He winked seductively as his mouth fell to her breast and his hand traveled to the space between her legs. “However I will be happy to release you from your torment.”
And he did. His finger touched her most sensitive spot and his lips suckled her breast just before a climatic finish that rocked her to her toes.

Knowing that she would sleep until probably noon the following day, Joshua went on deck and took matters into his own hands before his lower anatomy exploded. He had no idea that he possessed such herculean willpower as to leave a naked woman, begging him to make love to her, in his bed. What was special about this little lady? He had no answers, but he was exhausted. A lovely little French beauty from an ale house he frequented when in France, had kept him awake for the better part of the previous night, but he had certainly issued no complaints whatsoever about the loss of sleep.
As weariness seeped through to his bones, he made his way back to his cabin and lay down beside the intoxicating creature in his bed. He was asleep in seconds.


Just before dawn, Lynna awakened feeling… wonderful, yet unfinished. According to Gertrude, there was more to what had transpired between her and the dashing captain last night, much more, and she intended to find out exactly what it was. Without qualm, she moved atop Joshua and planted a soft, lingering kiss on his lips. When he opened his eyes, she whispered, “I’m sorry I fell asleep last night before we… finished what we were doing.”
Apparently, sober Lynna was every bit as wanton as drunk Lynna. “You did finish, if I recall.” I was the one left with a ferocious case of blue balls.
“Make love to me, Cap… Joshua. I feel as though I did not benefit from the full experience of lovemaking as it has been described to me.
Did he hear her correctly? He would give her enough experience to write a book if she was willing. “Are you certain this is what you want, love, for I doubt I would be capable of forcing myself to stop a second time, no matter how much of a gentleman I claim to be.”
“Oui,” she murmured against his lips. “Very certain.”
 Lifting her to lie on her back, Joshua moved atop her as his swollen member pressed against her thigh and he heard her gasp as her eyes widened. “Don’t be afraid,” he soothed, as his lips again found hers. “If you wish me to stop, all you have to do is say the word, but please, say it now if it is your intent.” He held his breath. “The choice is solely yours.”
“Do you promise not to hurt me?” she whispered, her large, questioning eyes waiting for his answer. “Will you cease if it hurts?”
“Of course, I will.” His lips moved to caress the shell of her ear, his breath warm on her neck. “All you need do is ask.”
She trusted him on that point. Her father had hired dozens of investigators and had repeatedly assured her that the Captain was most trustworthy. “Will the pain be intolerable?”
“It may hurt a bit at first, but afterwards you will never feel pain again, only pleasure.” Was her answer yes? “That I can promise you, my sweet.”
If her father had faith in this man, so could she. “I trust you, Captain Jordan.” She smiled bravely, even as her muscles tensed into tight knots beneath him.
“Trust?” Joshua groaned, suddenly pulling away as if her touch had burned him. “Why did you have to use that word? Your father trusted me and here I am about to ravish his only daughter.”
Having little patience for his delayed chivalry, and desiring that Joshua return to his previous activities, Lynna reached up and stopped his tirade with her lips. “Please stop talking and continue what you were doing.”
He took her words as a definite yes. Not one to deny a lady, Joshua obeyed her without question as his hands explored the smooth contours of her body and his lips again descended to hers. She returned his kiss with an ardor equivalent to his own as he stroked every silken inch of her body and his mouth placed feathery kisses where his hands had been, until her muscles relaxed. 
Lynna felt the heat of him between her legs and took a deep breath as he barely entered her. She could not suppress a moan as tiny ripples of pleasure fanned out from her loins and she began to move against the heat as her legs spread wider, wanting all he had to offer. Everything. Somehow she instinctively knew there had to be more and she wanted it, desperately. Quickly. Clutching his hips, she pressed her body upward, her soft breasts crushing against his chest as he buried himself deep inside her and a scream tore from her lips.
 “I’m sorry, my sweet,” Joshua soothed. “There will be no more pain, I promise.” 
As he was apologizing, the pain in Lynna’s body slowly subsided and gave way once again to desire. Her slim arms moved up to close around the muscles of his waist and draw him even deeper inside her smooth, tight warmth.
The ecstasy that swept over her in that moment, she was sure, would never be duplicated. As he began to move inside her, Lynna’s body picked up the rhythm, rising to meet his every thrust, molding her body to fit perfectly to his. His hand on her buttocks squeezed her even closer still until she thought surely her next breath might be her last. Then, it happened! 
Her insides melted like butter under the summer sun and the sweetest bliss surged through every part of her limp, lifeless body, causing a sob to escape as powerful, deep contractions wrapped her more tightly around Joshua and she breathed his name. 
That was all it took to send Joshua over the edge as he buried his head in the sweet spot between her neck and shoulder and immediately felt himself hardening inside the erotic minx. 

Later, when sunlight was filtering through the windows and activity was being heard on the deck above, Lynna found the energy to speak. “Captain Jordan, last night was without doubt the most amazing experience of my entire life. Of course, Gertrude had tried to explain to me what it was like to be… intimate with a man, but the reality was nothing at all like her description of the act at all.” Rising up on her elbow, she smiled a beaming smile that put forth more light than the flickering candle. “Can you perhaps make it happen again before the ship docks in America?”
He grinned a devilish grin that caused Lynna’s lower anatomy to clench as though it were being held in a vise. “Definitely, my sweet. It will most assuredly happen again, numerous times, before the ship docks. In fact, if you are agreeable, it can happen again right now.”
Lynna cupped his chin in her hands and placed an inexperienced, yet superlative kiss on his inviting lips as he drew her into his arms once more. 


Chapter 4  



Lynna’s first day at sea dawned clear and bright with white fluffy clouds prancing across the sky. Dressed in a fashionable day dress of aqua silk with a matching ribbon in her hair, she strolled the deck after a light breakfast of fruit and coffee. Leaning against the mahogany rail she breathed deeply of the salty sea air.
“A young lady should never be without an escort.”
Startled, Lynna turned to find a rather handsome young dandy with a sunny smile watching her intently. He was about the same height as the Captain, but with a much slighter build and by no means as attractive. His auburn hair shone in the sunlight as his eyes traversed the entire length of her body.
Thrilled to have someone to pass the time with, she smiled brightly. “Merci, sir. But I am not without an escort. I fear I have simply misplaced him.” 
They both laughed as the smiling stranger took the place beside her at the rail. Giving an overly dramatic sigh, he placed his hand over his heart and purred, “Alas, you are married no doubt, and are sailing to your honeymoon destination. Were you not, I could be the happiest and most fortunate man on earth.” 
“Non, but I am not married.” Lynna giggled, enjoying his lively banter. “The Captain is my escort and the purpose of this voyage is to visit relatives in America.” She had been instructed to tell no one that Georgia was her destination and had thankfully remembered it. “I have never crossed the ocean, you see.”
“Then perhaps you will allow me the pleasure of giving you a personal guided tour when we dock, before you are whisked off to destinations unknown,” he offered. “There is much to discover in my home town of Charleston.”
“Then you are an American, how nice. Oui, I would enjoy that.” Lynna gazed out to sea, watching a playful dolphin leaping and swimming alongside the ship. She was attentive to the gentleman beside her, yet her eyes wandered the deck searching for any sign of the Captain. She blushed to the roots of her hair remembering her wanton behavior the night before. But hadn’t her father always told her that if she wanted something to go get it. Perhaps he hadn’t meant to be taken so literally, but what was done was done. And she could never remember wanting anything more than the broad shouldered, masculine man in her bed. 
“I will look forward to it then.” Gazing out across the calm ocean, he breathed a theatrical sigh. “It is a pleasant voyage thus far, but I pray we do not meet with any of the violent storms on our return voyage such as the ones we encountered on the passage over.” 
“Storms!” Lynna shrieked, placing her hand on his arm and for the moment forgetting all else. “Violent storms?” Only her father and Gertrude knew how deathly afraid she was of thunder and lightning. She would never forget the haunting memory of the booming thunder that filled the skies the night her beloved mother had disappeared forever. Her father, who always held her and sang to block out the noise of the terrifying storms, would no longer be with her to soothe her fears. 
“I had not considered there would be storms at sea,” Lynna mumbled absently as worry creased her brow. Oh, how she feared storms. For some reason she had the foreboding feeling they would be much worse at sea. She could not allow herself to dwell on such thoughts or her first adventure would be ruined. “I’m sorry, but I do not know your name, sir.”
The stranger bowed, gallantly extending his hand. “Malcolm Robinson, at your service.”
“Mr. Robinson,” Lynna whispered, the vexation of storms firmly fixed in her mind. “Are there very many storms at sea?” Had she even contemplated the possibility, she might never have left home at all. Thoughts of towering waves crashing across the deck where she now stood almost paralyzed her with fear. She would much prefer to take her chances with the ever present threat of kidnappers than to be completely at the mercy of jagged forks of lightning and the heart stopping thunderbolts that were sure to follow.
“Perhaps I should not have mentioned it. I certainly did not wish to upset you.” Leaning toward her, he whispered close to her ear. “And what is your name, my little French beauty?” 
“Bridget,” she mumbled, remembering her father’s instructions to tell no one onboard the ship her true identity.
“A lovely name for a lovely lady. Something tells me we will become much better acquainted on this voyage, Bridget.”
“Merci, sir.” Lynna bestowed upon him a most captivating smile and considered herself fortunate to have met such a kind gentleman. Perhaps his would be a shoulder on which to seek comfort should any storms arise and the Captain be busy attending ships business.
“It has been a pleasure passing the morning with you, I assure you.” He massaged his temples as though they throbbed with pain. “However, I fear I must return to my cabin. I can only endure the sun for brief periods, as the heat seems to bring on a simply horrendous headache. I suppose I shall read to ease the boredom.”
“How featherbrained of me not to have brought along some books,” Lynna muttered. “Gertrude should have had the presence of mind to pack some, as it would certainly have made the journey less tedious. Although, we were forced to pack in an awful hurry.”
Glancing around to be sure they did not have an audience, Malcolm held out his arm. “Why, I would be happy to share mine with you. I have more than enough to keep me occupied. Several of a romantic persuasion that should be of interest to you, in fact. If you will accompany me to my cabin you may select whichever ones your little heart desires.”
Taking his arm, Lynna beamed. “Merci, sir. You are most kind.”   
“Believe me, the pleasure is all mine,” he assured her as he turned toward the gangway intending to escort her below deck. 
Before Lynna had taken one step she felt a hand on her other elbow and turned to find Joshua glowering at Malcolm with his lips set in a firm line. “I will be happy to accompany the young lady to your cabin later this afternoon to make her reading selections, Malcolm.”
“That won’t be necessary, Captain Jordan,” Lynna was quick to inform him. “It will only take a minute, and I do not wish to take you away from your duties.”
Joshua glared at Malcolm, causing the younger man to mumble his goodbyes and make a hasty exit without another mention of literature. “I insist.”
 Lynna glanced at Malcolm’s retreating back and then up at Joshua in the bright rays of morning sunlight. His lips curved into a sensual smile, a knowing smile as his tongue flicked out to wet his lips, causing her to suddenly and quite vividly remember when a tongue had drawn circles around her taut nipple… Oh! She glanced at the sky, wondering how many hours it would be before the sun would sink below the horizon and the captain could join her in his cabin. 

When the captain had resumed his duties, Lynna again returned to the railing, enjoying the kiss of the warm ocean breeze on her face. Water splashed against the hull of the ship, spraying her with tiny droplets. Pelicans dipped in the ocean, scouting for their midday meal, and seagulls cawed, swooping around her head. Deck hands were busy hoisting sails and scouring decks as the tempting smell of fish frying drifted from the ship’s galley. She held the rail and leaned back as her glorious mane fanned out in the gentle morning breeze.
“What a lovely day it is with blue skies, calm seas, and cool breezes,” a woman startled her by speaking close beside her said.
“Oui, it is a glorious day,” Lynna agreed.
“I fear I shall miss the sea when I return home, for I am certain this will be my last voyage. Oh, but where are my manners? My name is Natalie Johnson,” said a heavyset lady with a ponderous stomach and hair of the brightest orange Lynna had ever beheld. “And your name is…”
“Bridget,” she answered cheerily, already becoming accustomed to the fictitious name.
Natalie Johnson loved nothing more than juicy gossip. Glancing around as if to assure no one was eavesdropping, she whispered, “Tell me, Bridget. I can’t help but notice that you are traveling alone without the benefit of a husband or companion. Why is this?”
 “I am not married and the captain is my only traveling companion,” Lynna answered dutifully. “He is allowing me the use of his cabin during the voyage.”
“The captain?” Natalie gasped, seeming to take umbrage at her words. “And where is he sleeping.”
“In his cabin,” Lynna unwittingly offered. 
“Well, I honestly never…” Natalie spluttered indignantly, turning her back on Lynna to converse with the sea gulls. “No unmarried young lady of decent breeding would even consider entering a gentleman’s cabin without a chaperone. Why it is simply beyond the realm of decency. What is to become of this younger generation? No morals. No morals at all.”
What on earth was the woman prattling on about? “Excuse me?”
“What…oh nothing,” Natalie snapped. “I was but clearing my throat.”
Lynna had never before heard anyone use practically the entire alphabet while clearing their throat, but at the moment her eyes were drawn toward a tall, masculine figure at the ship’s wheel. “Oh, there is Joshua now.”
“Joshua?” Natalie’s eyebrows shot up.
“Oui, Captain Jordan. He requested that I call him Joshua.”
“Oh, did he now?” Natalie smirked. “And how long have you been acquainted with our Captain?”
“Only a few days,” Lynna answered truthfully. “He is escorting me to visit relatives in America.”
“How nice of him, I’m sure.” The woman breathed a dramatic sigh, gazing out across the rolling swells, unwilling to discuss anything other than herself for very long. “As for myself, I am returning to America. Virginia actually, after a rather upsetting first visit to France.”
“I’m sorry you did not enjoy your stay in my country,” Lynna replied, feeling personally responsible for the woman's distress.
“Oh, it was not the country,” she mumbled. “It was my ill bred niece.”
“I see,” Lynna said, although she honestly did not. Ill bred?
“Perhaps I shouldn’t repeat this,” Natalie continued with her scuttlebutt. “Although I am sure you would never repeat it to a living soul.”
“Not if you do not wish me to.”
“Definitely not,” Natalie gasped. “Why, it would be positively scandalous.”
“Scandalous?” 
“Yes, the whole sordid affair is rather onerous for me to even discuss. But you see, one of my unmarried nieces got herself in the family way back in the states. Horribly ashamed, as they should be, her parents asked me to accompany her on a voyage to France to live with her grandparents until the child is delivered and can be placed in an orphans’ asylum.” Using her lacy handkerchief she wiped at invisible tears. “Unfortunately, my niece did not wish to leave her lover, one of the lower dregs of society I assure you, and cried incessantly the entire trip until I was concerned for my sanity.”
The woman paused for a breath and continued, “Quite frankly, I was glad to be rid of her. And if my friends back home ever found out that I, Natalie Johnson, had a niece who would behave so immorally, why the shame would be outside the constraints of toleration. I can only pray they never learn the disgusting, shameful truth. Anyway, as you well know, that is precisely what happens when a young lady allows a man to take indecent liberties with her. And even the most uneducated imbecile realizes that it only requires one such episode to create a baby in a woman’s womb.” 
 “Indecent liberties?” Was she referring to the act of… lovemaking? One time? Surely not? Babies were for couples who loved each other…and were married. 
“Yes,” Natalie bristled before continuing with her diatribe. “Indecent liberties, Bridget. Lewd and lascivious behavior. When an unmarried woman allows a man into her bed and they have marital relations.” 
Lynna shuddered as the day suddenly lost its cheer.
Sighing miserably, Natalie laid a limp hand across her forehead. “It has been so humiliating for the entire family. And her poor, dear father! He was always so proud of her, and now this? A disgrace. That is what it is, a disgrace. Any man who would seduce an innocent young girl does not give a fig about her to begin with.”
“By relations, you mean having… sex with a man?” 
Natalie Johnson’s cheeks grew a bright vivid red and she appeared quite faint as she again turned her back on Lynna to consult with the sea gulls. “Do you hear how she carelessly tosses about a word that I have only uttered once, and that in the privacy of my own boudoir? Shameless, positively shameless.” She faced Lynna again and whispered haughtily after appearing to have successfully calmed her abused senses, “Yes, that.”
Feeling terribly lightheaded and wishing the sea would open up and swallow her, Lynna excused herself and hurried to her cabin. She was unable to endure another word of the woman’s vitriolic tirade against her poor niece and other young ladies of questionable virtue, such as herself. 

Joshua watched Lynna’s every movement as she raced across the deck until her slim figure could no longer be viewed. Why was she in such a hurry? She had been chatting with the tongue wagging Natalie Johnson. Who would not flee at the first opportunity? But even the sight of Lynna fully clothed caused his blood to race in his veins. How he wanted her, yearned to feel her velvety softness beneath him, caress every silken inch of her lovely body all over again. Therein lay the problem. 
He feared his desire for her was too strong. The feeling was deep in his soul that he could be content to hold her for the remainder of his natural life. However, he was not ready for a lifetime commitment and could not envision himself settling down with a wife and a passel of children for many years to come. No, the little lady was dangerous. Of that he was certain. It would be best for all concerned if he kept her at a safe distance until they docked in Charleston. 
Not an easy task due to the simple fact that they shared a cabin.


Chapter 5  



Lynna sat in the center of the bed contemplating a dismal future. It only took one time to create a child? A disgrace. Scandalous? Why, she had never even once been within spitting distance of a scandal.
She didn’t move when the cabin boy brought her lunch tray and she hadn’t budged hours later when Joshua returned. She sat lost in thought, cursing the fates as she stared out the window admiring the seagulls their carefree existence.
“Are you coming out of the cabin this afternoon, Lynna?” Joshua startled her. She hadn’t even heard the door open. “The clouds have moved in to cover the sun and it’s quite pleasant on deck. That meddlesome Miss Johnson inquired about you.”
For the first time Lynna looked up, showing eyes that were red rimmed from her afternoon of crying. Suddenly, she leapt from the bed like a woman possessed and began to pummel his broad chest with all the force she could muster. “How could you?” she sobbed as scalding tears of abject misery coursed down her cheeks. 
Joshua grabbed her small hands in his and held them gently to his chest to still their fluttering. “How could I what, Lynna?” 
“You know very well what!” Fat tears rolled down her cheeks. “Do not pretend ignorance with me, Captain Jordan.”
“So it’s Captain Jordan again, is it?” He picked up a brandy decanter and poured himself a drink. “No, Lynna, I can assure you that I do not. Pray tell, enlighten me.”
“I will be a disgrace!” She wept, heartbroken. “My dear father will be humiliated. He will turn me away, unable to witness my shame.”
“What shame, Lynna?” Talk about mood swings. “Will you please…”
“The enfant!” she shrieked, covering her burning face with her hands. “I am speaking of your child, which I now carry in my womb.”
”My… child?” Draining the contents of the glass, he poured himself another. “In your… womb?
“Oui, your child. I am enceinte,” she whispered, switching from madwoman to a tortured child in a matter of seconds. “Oh, Captain Jordan, how could you do this to me? It will be ever so disgraceful and you do not give a fig about me in the first place. And my dear father will be so hurt and humiliated.”
“Not to mention the hurt Nathan Rhodes will bring upon my head if what you say is true,” Joshua muttered absently.
“You? You! Is that all you can think about at a time like this? You? And what my father might do to you? Which, I can assure you, will not be pleasant,” she took great pleasure in adding. “What about me?”
“There is no cause for undue alarm, Lynna. I will see that both you and the child are well taken care of.” What was he saying? What child? “Let me amend that, if indeed there is to be a child. But, please, clarify one minor point for me. How did you come upon this information so soon, when we only made love last night?”
“Had sex,” she was quick to remind him. 
“Very well then, since you have become the authority on fornication, perhaps you can explain something to me. How can you be so sure you are carrying my child?” Why, the idea was preposterous, pure conjecture.
Of a sudden, a sad thought struck Lynna and she chided herself for berating the obviously uninformed man before her. Why, it was entirely possible that he wasn’t even to blame for his thoughtless conduct. For had he not spent most of his adult life onboard ship? Perhaps he was as unversed in such matters as she herself had been. It had most likely been his inaugural venture into relations as well. And he, like her, evidently did not have the slightest notion that their blissful encounter would result in the delivery of an enfant. Bless the poor, unsophisticated man. 
“I am truly sorry, Joshua,” she spoke slowly, as she would to one dimwitted. “You were unaware of the consequences as well, weren’t you? Sit down and let me explain what the disastrous result can be when a man and a woman take indecent liberties.”
“Lynna,” he declared abruptly, massaging his temples in an attempt to ease a sudden pounding, “trust me; I am well aware of how babies are made.”
“Then why in God’s name did you not inform me?” she cried, not wishing to believe he could be mindful of the outcome and still perform the act without heed to the results.
“I thought you knew,” he snapped irritably. “No one can be that dense.”
“Dense?” She took a step backward as though she had been struck, thoroughly affronted by his cruel words. Words that caused her spine to stiffen. No one had ever dared speak to her in such a manner. Let alone call her dense. The very idea!
Ignoring her outraged stance, Joshua continued, “Please, proceed, my pet. Continue telling me about this child you now carry in your womb. Did you draw this conclusion on your own?”
“Oui, I came to this conclusion on my own.” That wasn’t exactly true. “Well… with some instruction from Miss Johnson.”
“Natalie Johnson. I should have known. What other mischief has the gossipmonger planted in your head?” He sat down on the bed, crossing his booted feet at the ankles and waiting for her to calm down. “Lynna, you are not with child.”
“I’m not?” she shrieked and scurried to stand before him, arms akimbo, as relief washed over her. “How can you be certain? Are you absolutely positive?”
“Well, reasonably certain.” With a sigh, he poured yet another drink, wishing there was some way around the truth. “Normally it takes more than one encounter to create a baby.”
“But it can occur the very first time?” Her elation dissolved as quickly as it had materialized.
“Well, yes.” Having his fill, he set the glass aside. He would need all his faculties to deal with the current topic of discussion. “I suppose it could.”
“I knew it!” she cried. “How could you singlehandedly bring about the ruination of my entire life?” 
“How could I ruin your life?” he repeated, stunned by her words. “Lynna, if you will recall, I did nothing against your will.”
“It was the wine. I had never been allowed to drink wine before. You knew I was not responsible for my actions and yet you took advantage…” She stopped and blushed a most becoming shade of pink. “My tante will turn me away when I arrive on her doorstep ponderous with child, and without the benefit of a husband. I will have no place to go. Our enfant and I will be roofless vagabonds, forced to resort to a life in back alleys. Our only recourse will be to sail back to France where my baby will be stripped from my arms and placed in an orphans’ asylum.”
“Roofless? In back alleys?” What was she thinking? “The grandchild of the wealthiest man in France growing up in an orphan’s asylum? Did I not just assure you that I will see to the well being of both you and the child? If there is one, since we have no way of knowing for certain. So let us wait a few weeks for an answer to this quandary before we jump to all manner of absurd conclusions.”
A few weeks? “How will we know the answer in a few weeks, Captain Jordan?” she asked, bewildered.
“We have to wait for your….uh….you know,” he stammered, seemingly ill at ease with the topic. “To see if you forsooth carry my seed.”
“My what?”
“Your…you know, Lynna.”
“No, I do not know.” However she was extremely anxious to be certain one way or the other. “Please, Captain Jordan, do not conceal the truth from me, I simply cannot bear it.”
“You know, Lynna. And, please, call me Joshua,” he stammered, ill at ease with the subject. “Your….you know.”
She was fast beginning to lose sight of her patience with his nonsensicality. “Joshua, if you will, please dispense with your adolescent parlor games. I can assure you I have no idea what you are alluding to. If there is a way to know for certain whether or not I am carrying your offspring, I would greatly appreciate it if you would be so kind as to share said knowledge with me.”
“I am talking about your monthly flow,” he blurted out. “For heavens sake, did Gertrude fail to teach you even the most rudimentary facts of life?”
Lynna had never been more mortified than to have a man refer to the unmentionable topic of her monthly flow in her presence. “My? My? Oh, No!” She raced to the bed, throwing herself face down as blood rushed to blaze a trail across her burning face and neck. She would never be able to show her face in his presence again, not after today. She was contemplating throwing herself out the window when she felt the bed give as he sat down beside her.
“Lynna?” she heard him whisper close to her ear.
“How could you dare speak such words in my presence? You are the most vile, uncouth man I have ever had the misfortune to be plagued with. Such topics should never be spoken of in mixed company.” Gertrude had pounded that into her head. However, she had apparently been dreadfully negligent on other equally important matters.
“I’m sorry, Lynna, but you insisted I tell you, did you not?”
Suddenly, Lynna sat up in bed, her curiosity overcoming her vast embarrassment. “Joshua, what does my, you know, have to do with whether or not I am with child?”
 “That is the only proof of whether or not a woman is with child. Your monthly flow stops until after the baby is born. If it arrives, then you have naught to worry about.”
“Astonishing,” was all she could think to say before gathering her wits and launching into a tirade concerning Joshua’s astounding lack of character.

Sam observed as Joshua shoveled heaping spoonfuls of beef stew into an already overstuffed mouth. “What bee is in ye bonnet this time, lad?”
“What makes you so sure one is?” Joshua snapped, annoyed that Sam had the uncanny ability to always know when something was bothering him. Did he have the power to read minds?
“Just a hunch.” Sam chuckled. “Well, am I right?”
“Have you ever been wrong?”
Sam’s deep laughter rumbled through the galley. “And I thought the two of ye were becoming rather cozy in the Captain’s cabin.”
“We were until that interfering Natalie Johnson started stirring up trouble.”
“Aye, that one is trouble, all right. Always sticking her pointed nose where it doesn’t belong.” Sam chuckled. “What harm has her forked tongue caused this time?”
“She has Lynna convinced that she is carrying my child.”
“Is she now?” Sam rubbed a hand across his bristly jaw. “So soon?”
“How the hell should I know?” Joshua threw up his hands. “It only happened once.”
“The planted seed has been known to take root and sprout after the first sowing, lad.”
“I am well aware of this, Sam. As I informed Lynna, I have some knowledge of how babies are made.” Joshua dropped his head in his hands before continuing, “ I came here to ask if I could use the spare bunk in your cabin. My mere presence seems to infuriate her beyond reason.”
“Of course ye can, lad. But ye had to understand that yer luck could not last forever. Sooner or later ye were bound to get caught. As disagreeable as ye are feeling right now, just imagine how wretched the wee lass must be feeling up there all alone in yer cabin without a champion in the world. As ye well know, an unmarried young lady with child does not have an easy row to hoe, even if her father is the most affluent man in all of France.”
“Stop trying, Sam.” Joshua raked a hand through his hair and sigh dismally. “You cannot make me feel any worse than I already do.”
“Would ye care to place a small wager on that?” Sam scooped another ladle of stew into the lad’s bowl. “Fancy her father’s reaction to the joyous news.”
       
~*~

Lynna kept her door latched in the weeks that followed, never once embarking on deck or partaking of a meal outside the confines of the cabin. She was inconsolable, only granting Sam permission to enter the cabin to inquire about her wellbeing once each day. She placed a quivering hand on her still flat stomach every few hours, searching for any evidence of growth. So far, it was still blessedly flat. Merci, God.
Her ruminations often fled across the sea to the Chateau, and her father. Her loving father, who had been so proud of her. She recalled his face radiating with pride as he stood with the staff during one of her many ballet or piano recitals. Always near with applauding hands and cheering words of praise at her smallest accomplishments. 
Now, when she returned with a bastard child and no husband, he would be too ashamed to even claim her as his daughter. The scandal would sweep across Paris like the pox. His business patrons would refuse to do business with him. She would discredit his good name, but far worse, she would break his heart. How could she bear to live with the shame? She collapsed on the bed as hot tears of humiliation shook her slender frame.
                                                                     
~*~

After three weeks, the wait was becoming almost unbearable for Joshua. Knocking softly, he slowly pushed open his cabin door to step inside, startled by her appearance. She looked so thin and fragile and pale, and so alone. It was obvious by her swollen eyes that she had been crying. He wanted nothing more than to take her in his arms and gently kiss away her pain, prove to her that she was acting irrational. The likelihood of her having conceived was slim indeed. He had bedded more women than he could count and none of these couplings had ever produced a child that he was aware of. However there would be no way of convincing her of that. She would have to witness the truth for herself. 
Until then, why squander time dwelling on something they had absolutely no control over? There was no recourse except to wait it out. If he could just hold her, console her in the meantime. Almost without realizing it, he moved toward the breathtaking vision curled on his bed.
“Non! Stay away from me, Captain Jordan,” she warned with tears glittering on her lashes. “You may be the Captain of this deplorable ship, but I will scream as though the hounds of hell are at my heels if you dare come near me again. You may stand there with your smug expression, confident that your crew will not turn a hand against their beloved captain. But I promise you that your expression will be dramatically altered when my father learns of your deception. He hired you to protect me on this voyage. Not molest me.” 
“Molest you!” Joshua stormed, before noticing how profoundly overwrought she was and lowering his voice. “Lynna, we both know that is not what happened between us. I would never force you to do anything against your will, and in my heart, I believe you know this as truth. It was a pleasurable encounter for us both. If you carry my child, you have my word that I will be an attentive father. Now please, come on deck for some fresh air.”
“Have you taken complete leave of your senses? And face the other passengers? Surely you jest, Captain Jordan.” Lynna laughed, a sound that lacked even a hint of humor. “I am convinced that every person onboard this ship is fully aware of what we did. I cannot show my face outside this cabin for the remainder of the voyage, I assure you. Now please, just leave my sight and never come back.”
                                                                    
~*~

Weeks later, Lynna was sitting in the center of the huge bed regarding the dolphins that frolicked alongside the ship when Joshua entered the cabin. Her eyes were swollen from her ceaseless crying, she had dark circles under them, and she appeared even thinner. 
Her monthly flow had never been regular, but she was well aware that it should have started by now. According to Joshua, that offered only one conclusion. For the hundredth time on this voyage she wished to have Gertrude by her side. She would know how to handle a crisis that Lynna had mulled over and over in her head until it ached.
With no family, friends, or a confidant with whom to discuss her troubles, she had arrived at the most crucial decision of her life on her own. She was certain she was enceinte and could arrive at only one resolution to the problem of being unwed and with child. Gathering her dwindling courage, she forced her gaze from the window and blurted, “Joshua, will you marry me?”
Her heart sank as she watched a myriad of emotions play across his handsome face, from surprise, to terror, to shock, and finally anger. She knew then that he had no intention of making an honest woman of her. She was totally alone in her plight. While she agonized over the birth of his child, he would be off on another voyage, perhaps instilling the same predicament on another young lady. 
She knew his answer before he said the stoic words. “We will wait to see if you carry my child, Lynna. I will not marry you unless I have to.”
“Unless you have to?” She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. He was refusing to marry her, after what he had done to her? “What kind of low, depraved, blackhearted seadog are you? You planted the seed inside me after getting me drunk on wine, and now you refuse to take the responsibility of seeing your child reared?”
Joshua’s voice had a sharp edge to it. “I said I would marry you if circumstances required it.” 
He made it sound as if it were the last thing on God’s green earth he would ever choose to do. Who did this man think he was? For the love of all that was holy, she was the daughter of Nathan Rhodes, a man who had clawed his way to the top from the red, clay fields of Georgia. Where was her backbone? “Rest assured, Captain Jordan, you will never be forced into an unwanted marriage with me. You acquire females as if they are another novelty to store in your sea chest without regard for the fact that no respectable man would marry a woman who is no longer pure and chaste.”
Joshua’s nerves were almost at the breaking point. With his jaw set and his eyes smoldering, he ground out, “All that you say may be true, Lynna. However, at the time I was acquiring you, I don’t recall hearing any grievances uttered from your side of the bed.” 
With her sharp gasp echoing around the cabin, Lynna wanted nothing more than to claw the arrogant expression from his face with her fingernails. “I will hate you until my dying day for the agony you have caused me, Captain Jordan. I can only pray that my father tracks you down, and we both know he will, and shows absolutely no mercy when he does. Now get out. I never want to see you again. Ever.”
Ignoring her temper tantrum, Joshua tried reasoning with the girl. “Lynna, believe me, the odds are definitely not in favor of your having conceived the very first time. You are working yourself into a dither for naught. Why not wait and see what happens and let us concern ourselves with this matter of marriage when, and if, it is forced upon us?”
Lynna had never felt hatred before, but she felt the emotion full force now. He was so tranquil, when her entire life was in shambles. He would have no trouble turning his back and walking away without a care. She could only stare at him, her feelings accurately mirrored in her sky blue gaze. He had performed the vacuous act of sex with her, plain and simple. Just as any man would, evidently. And she would suffer the consequences of his actions, alone.
Then a humorous thought struck her and she laughed aloud as she suddenly realized that her dear father was sending her to Georgia to live, yet when she arrived she would not be allowed to linger for long. Not after her tante learned of her impossible to conceal condition. They would send her packing to avoid the shame, scandal, and malicious gossip, just as Miss Johnson’s relatives had done with their daughter. Whose threshold would she eventually wind up on? She ceased laughing as a single tear rolled down her cheek and she heard the door close behind him.

~*~

It was a pale and drawn Joshua who brought Lynna’s dinner tray three weeks later. His haggard appearance validated the fact that he’d had little sleep during the past few weeks. This thrilled Lynna to the very core, almost making her giggle. Heaven knows she would laugh at anything today. After a wretched night of painful cramps and discovering she was not with child, she had longed to cavort across the deck, laughing, shouting, and singing praises to the high heavens. 
She could not yield to the desire, however, for Joshua might witness her sudden merriment and guess the truth. That could not be permitted to happen. Not if she could help it. She faced the window to conceal the light she knew must be dancing in her eyes.
Her intent was to make him suffer as much as she had, if that was possible, preferably for the remainder of his insufferable life. Forced several times to hide her smile behind her hand, she knew she must be more careful and wipe all signs of merriment from her face, for Joshua was a very perceptive man and he had been known to enter without knocking. Had he done so this time he would have caught her spinning gaily around the cabin without a care in the world. 
“Lynna, I have decided to return to my cabin,” he announced immediately upon entering, turning his head so she wouldn’t see the relief in his eyes.
“Non! You will do no such thing,” she insisted, whirling to face him. With her hands on her hips and her breasts thrust forward she made a most alluring sight. “I fear I must decline the invitation of your company, sir, for I can assure you that you and I shall never again occupy the same living quarters.”
“Oh contraire, my pet.” He smiled wickedly. “I feel I must insist. Since you obviously carry my child, I can find no logical reason for us to remain apart. The damage has been done, as they say, so we have naught else to fear. We can make love to our hearts content. And you requested that we be wed, did you not?” 
When she failed to answer, he continued, “I have come to grant your most fervent wish. When we arrive in Charleston we will be married and spend the remainder of our days as husband and wife. You, me, and our adorable offspring. Of a certainty, my parents have beseeched me for years to wed and present them with at least a dozen grandchildren.” He burst out laughing at her look of stricken horror. “I can be very persistent, Lynna, and I assure you there will be no changing my mind on this point. I have given the matter careful consideration and decided that I cannot see my child raised without a father. I shall go now and have my belongings returned to my cabin.”
“Non!” she almost screamed the word. She could not allow him to return to his cabin and risk a repeat performance of their first night together. “That will not be necessary, as I have recently discovered that I am not enceinte.”
“Yes, I guessed as much,” he said, eyeing her with disdain. “However, you did not plan on enlightening me, did you?” 
“Quite honestly, no. You do not deserve the truth. Although, I must give credit where credit is due. You have taught me a great deal these past few weeks. The truth is, I have acquired more knowledge while onboard your ship than I learned in the last eighteen years at the Chateau. For that much, I am grateful. I feel certain that I can now face my new life and any obstacles or hardships that happen my way after this journey with you.” 
She paused to gaze across the ocean toward her homeland. “But I do not believe I will ever forgive my father, or Gertrude, for keeping so much vital information from me. If I had been better informed, none of this would have happened. I would have had the good sense to steer clear of a rogue like you, Captain Jordan.”
Lynna moved to stand before him, her cerulean eyes locked with his, her moist lips inches from his own. Before she knew what was happening, Joshua had her in his arms and his soft lips found hers. Lynna wanted desperately to respond to his embrace, give free rein to her rising passion and enjoy the ecstasy she remembered so well. But she could not. She would never grant him forgiveness or risk living through the hell of the last few weeks again. She slapped him soundly across the face. A slap that she would be the first to admit was woefully late in coming.
“Don’t ever do that again, Lynna,” Joshua gritted, rubbing his reddening cheek. “Yes, you have been through a trying ordeal. But so have I. I cannot remember when I last slept for more than an hour at a time or ate a meal without worrying if you were also eating. But do not trouble your pretty little head. If I ever touch you again it will be because you begged me to.”
“Hah,” She laughed, harshly. “Beg you? I pray that I never lay eyes on you again.” 
“Apparently you will get your wish. We will be docking in Charleston within the hour.” Joshua turned at the door, and whispered, “Au revoir, Lynna.”
Then, he walked out of her life.


 Chapter 6  
Three Years Later


Joshua leaned over the rail, peering into the swirling fluorescent water as it lapped against the hull of the Windjammer. It was a lazy, slapping sound and one that had lulled him to sleep many restless nights. Now the sound was bittersweet. For after today there would be no more salty sea breezes, no more moon swept nights listening to the wind fill the billowing sails, and no more late night walks on deck where he would spend countless hours gazing into the constellations. 
He was going home. Where instead of being surrounded by a brilliant sea and sailing to exciting new destinations, his feet would be firmly and permanently anchored on dry land. Realizing that it might be years before he felt the deck rolling with the easy swells again, he had left the job of sailing the ship to his first mate as he contemplating his future. 
Gazing out across the ocean that he loved so dearly, he was convinced that the best years of his life were behind him, a part of his carefree past. His parents needed him and that was where he belonged. Joshua blinked several times as his eyes misted at the thought of his beloved parents, Jeremiah and Patricia. 
His boisterous father, tall, robust, and the picture of health had always enjoyed life to the fullest. Ever the jokester, his love for pranks was well known throughout the plantation, especially by his wife, the recipient of the majority of his shenanigans. Joshua couldn’t have asked for a happier childhood or better parents.
He hadn’t learned of the tragedy until the previous Christmas when he had returned home for the holidays after an extended sea voyage. He remembered galloping up the dusty road toward home, filled with excitement at seeing his family after a rough year at sea. Yet, something was amiss at Sea Grove. He had sensed it even before entering the silent house. 
It was too still. Too quiet. No joyous Christmas hymns filled the air. No freshly cut Christmas greenery and mistletoe, or the scent of cedar drifting through every room. No sounds of the children’s gay laughter echoed from the slave quarters. It was as quiet as if the plantation were in mourning. Mourning! Oh, dear God! “Mother!” he had shouted, taking the stairs two at a time. “Mother!”
Flossie, his childhood nanny, had met him halfway down the stairs with a worried frown puckering her wrinkled forehead. Giving him a heartfelt embrace, she whispered, “You sho’ is a sight fo’ so’ eyes, Mast’ Joshua. We is mighty glad ta have you home. Yassuh.” She sniffled into a handkerchief. “Mighty glad.”
“What’s wrong, Flossie?” Holding his breath, Joshua’s heart had hammered against his ribs, fearing her answer.
“Go on up ta yo’ Pa’s room, Mast’ Joshua,” she murmured, wiping at a torrent of tears. “You jes’ go on up an’ see yo’ Pa.”
A cold sheen of sweat had covered Joshua’s body as he slowly and with great trepidation climbed the curving staircase, apprehension building with each step until he had finally stood outside his parent’s door. Even though he had tried to prepare himself for anything he might find on the way up that long flight of stairs, he had come up short. The sight of his father’s stump of a body lying on his bed, deathly pale with his eyes open but seeing nothing, had sent a shockwave through his body that left him stunned and chilled to the marrow of his bones. 
In a flash Joshua recalled how his father’s laughing eyes would twinkle with mischief when he chased his daughter around the yard with a harmless green snake, or when he was slipping a June bug down his wife’s bodice. He remembered as a youngster when his father would hitch him over his broad shoulders and carry him through the fields explaining the intricacies of growing cotton. 
In the past his father had loved to dance at the numerous balls held at Sea Grove with every family in the county attending. Now he didn’t even have legs. There would be no more dancing at Sea Grove. 
Whether his father was joking with friends or grabbing his wife in a hug that lifted her clear off the ground, Jeremiah always had laughter in his eyes. Now those eyes were dull and lifeless, staring blankly at the ceiling.
Joshua’s mother had risen from her seat beside the bed, a woman whose appearance had aged several years in the short span of twelve months. Dark circles lay under her eyes and her shiny brown hair, that had been the envy of many, had almost turned the color of snow. But what disturbed Joshua most was her dramatic weight loss. She was almost skeletal. 
“Oh, my darling, I’m so glad you’re finally home,” she had cried. “Please tell me you are home to stay until your father...” Stopping abruptly, his mother had quietly ushered him into her adjacent room where she proceeded to fill him in on the gory details of the accident. A shiver rushed down Joshua’s spine as he listened to his mother tell the story of how Jeremiah and several of the slaves had been cutting the winters supply of firewood in an area that the slaves referred to as the voodoo woods on that ill fated morning. 
Having spent the greater part of his youth clearing fields with his father, Jeremiah was an expert at felling trees and knew to stay well clear of their intended path. But with no thought for his own safety, he had rushed into the shadow of a giant falling oak after spotting a little girl standing precisely where the tree would land. Jeremiah had moved with a speed that had surprised even him, but still not fast enough. 
He just had time to shove the child to safety before a blinding pain struck as the massive oak splintered around him. One of the limbs, twelve inches in diameter, had knocked him to the ground, crushing every bone in the lower half of his legs. As blessed darkness had washed over him, Jeremiah was certain he was going to meet his Maker. Instead he had awakened a fortnight later with both legs amputated from the knees down, wishing fervently that he had.
He did have an occasional good day. When Jeremiah was awake and lucid, he talked endlessly of the beautiful little girl, concerned for her safety. At night he would wake everyone in the house shouting to the child, “Run! Get out of the way!” The bewildering part was that no one else, none of the eight slaves working side by side with him that day, had seen the little girl, only Jeremiah. 
Therefore the slaves, being a superstitious lot, swore the angry spirit of a little girl haunted the voodoo woods. They firmly believed that not only had her spirit caused Jeremiah’s accident, but that she was still roaming the woods looking for her next victim. No matter how many threats were issued the slaves adamantly refused to ever return to the patch of woods where the accident had occurred. 
The sight of his mother that night would be etched in Joshua’s mind forever. The dark circles around her eyes contrasted with her too white skin. It was painfully obvious that she rarely ventured into the sun anymore as her days and nights were spent in the darkened room, sitting quietly beside her beloved husband praying for a miracle. 
Jeremiah was a proud man and Joshua knew his mother worried that he would no longer have the desire or will to live. A small glimmer of hope had shone in her lifeless green eyes when her son had walked into the room. A hope that the responsibilities of running a cotton plantation the size of Sea Grove could be lifted from her weary shoulders, thus allowing her to devote all her time and energy to making her husband somehow see that life was worth living again. She hadn’t found it necessary to ask for her son’s help. He was there when she needed him most. 
It had been impossible for Joshua not to return to sea after the Christmas holiday, having several binding commitments that had to be fulfilled. However he had not departed until he had employed Jake Almond, a man he trusted implicitly, to oversee the plantation until he could return in the spring.
“Land ho!” The first mate shouted from the crow’s nest, bringing Joshua back to the present. 
Gazing across the gracefully rolling swells to see the barely visible landmarks of Charleston in the early morning fog, Joshua could just make out Saint Michael’s steeple towering majestically over the waking city. They would be docking in a few hours, and after battening down his ship for a much needed rest he would bid farewell to the Windjammer, along with his old way of life, and be on his way home. 

After thanking each man personally for his years of loyalty and faithful service, Joshua strode below deck to his cabin to pack. Memories flooded him as his eyes fell on souvenir pieces from various countries. Finely detailed jade and bone figures stood alongside miniature sculptures of ivory and glass boasting exquisite craftsmanship from China. Ornate gilt figurines and intricately designed pottery reminded him of his many trips to India. Precision and clarity were evident in the hand cut crystal purchased in England. It was a priceless collection, one he had spent years assembling. 
He gently lifted the teakwood box that contained his most treasured possession and breathed a deep sigh. Lynna’s locket. As he had every night for the past three years, he wondered what if. What if he had wed Lynna Rhodes when she believed herself to be carrying his child? Would he now be settled on his family’s cotton plantation bouncing a baby on each knee? 
What if? Would he have Lynna in his arms each night instead of only imagining her there? What if he hadn’t been such an astonishingly selfish jackass, thinking every woman was out to trap him into marriage, and wed her when she had asked him to? But enough of rehashing the past, he had done more than his fair share in the last three years.
The locket contained a likeness of Lynna’s mother that had been lost under his bed during their one and only night of passion. Looking at it was akin to looking at Lynna herself since both women possessed the same unique beauty. Joshua held the tiny locket close to his heart, remembering the tiny wisp of a girl who had stolen his heart three years earlier. 
No one since, and there had been many in his futile effort to banish her from his mind forever, had come close to loosing the passion the little lady had stirred in him. Returning the locket carefully to the box, he stored it with the other treasures in his sea trunk. Now these pieces would serve as his only link with his past. 
Shaking his head, he forced his mind to concentrate on the business at hand while he quickly completed his packing and left the ship.

Nothing had changed. The Battery was still a noisy beehive of activity with ships loading and unloading their cargo, peddlers hawking their wares, and drunken sailors returning to their ships after a night on the town. To Joshua’s well traveled eyes Charleston was still the most beautiful city on earth. He had found nothing in his journeys to rival the stately mansions, picturesque homes, and colorful gardens. As always, Charleston’s beauty and grace were unequaled.
He steered his horse along the cool shade of Church Street where towering oaks and magnolias stood alongside stately palmetto trees, their leaves swaying softly in the gentle breeze that blew inland over the Cooper River. Tiny sparks of sunlight filtered through the trees, dancing a mottled pattern around him as the rustling leaves blocked the sun’s rays for a short time before shooting through in a burst of gold when the leaves again parted. 
The loud clip clop of horse’s hooves could be heard as he steered the steed down cobblestoned Chalmers Street. The cobblestones had been brought to Charleston as ballasts on English ships and then unloaded and replaced with cargos of indigo, rice, or cotton. A wide grin split his rugged features as he thought back over the many memorable evenings spent in this area, in what the more religious sect called the houses of ill repute or Mulatto Alley. 
He passed by the Pirate’s House, a tavern heavily frequented by pirates and other disreputable characters. These men would down their grog before taking the girl of their choice upstairs to help them forget the long, lonely nights to come onboard a ship without the benefit of female companionship. Joshua had no desire to mingle with that motley group of cutthroats, nor pay for the services of the disease ridden unfortunate young women who called the tavern home. 
As he rode through town, a nagging thought struck him as he passed by a milliner’s shop and caught sight of a very immodest, bright pink satin ball gown on display in the window. He envisioned a slim body draped in that gown, or one very similar to it, but could conjure neither a name nor face to go with the body. He dismissed it as trivial. If the lady in question had appealed to him in the slightest, she would not have been so easily dismissed from mind. 
Once out of the city he spurred his horse to a full gallop, eager to be home. Breathing deeply of the scent of the rich lowcountry soil, he had the thought that perhaps having his feet planted firmly on solid ground might just present a welcome change. He rode for hours as the sun moved higher in the sky, stopping once to rest his horse and drink from a cool, bubbling stream. Worry gnawed at him as he neared home, dreading having to relive the pain he had felt at Christmas, seeing his once hale and hearty father bedridden. 
A few miles from home, he steered his horse up the avenue of cedar trees that led to Cedar Hill, a neighboring plantation to his home of Sea Grove. Whether a wish to be welcomed home by old friends or simply postponing the inevitable, he could not be sure. 


Chapter 7 



Stopping in front of the red brick plantation house, Joshua leapt from his horse to grab Beth, who had dashed down the steps to greet him.
“Joshua, I’m so glad you’re home.” She laughed gaily as he lifted her from the ground to twirl high above his head. “I have missed you something terrible.”
“I’m glad to be home, Little Bit.” He winked slyly, knowing she detested the nickname he had tagged on her as a child. “And you have grown even lovelier than you were when I left.”
“Joshua Jordan! We were wondering when you would show your ugly mug around here,” Samuel bellowed, coming around the side of the house from the direction of the barn. “Unhand my wife, sir.”
“There is the rutting scoundrel who stole my one true love whilst I was away at sea and could not fight for her,” Joshua accused a grinning Samuel, while still holding a merrily giggling Beth high in the air. 
“Oh, Joshua, you are incorrigible,” Beth smiled down at him affectionately. “Put me down.”
“Admitted.” Joshua grinned. “But you love me anyway. And now that I have returned for good you can divorce that dirty dog from Georgia who wormed his way into your affections and married you behind my back. Come to Sea Grove where you belong, my sweet Beth.”
“Over my dead body!” Samuel shouted.
“Very well.” Joshua released Beth and clasped Samuel’s hand warmly in his. “Choose your weapon, sir.”
“Hush all of this nonsense about weapons before you come to fisticuffs, and come inside for a cool drink.” Beth looked upon both men fondly. 
Beth’s mother had died giving birth to her, leaving her to be raised by her overly stern father. He was a good man, but ever watchful where his only child was concerned. Beth had envied the loving family life at Sea Grove and spent a great deal of her youth there with Joshua’s sister, and her best friend, Malinda. Joshua had watched over both young girls, dismissing any number of unsuitable suitors as they had grown into charming young ladies.
Glancing over Samuel’s shoulder, Joshua’s vision was drawn to a slight movement on the verandah. Suddenly a long forgotten memory came rushing back to him. The girl in the pink satin ball gown. Now he remembered. She was Samuel’s sister. What was her name? She really was quite lovely, but try as he might he could not attach a name to the face. Casually climbing the steps, he took her extended hand, bowing low to plant a soft kiss on it. “Good evening...” 
What was her name?
“Suzanne.” She furnished somewhat crisply after seeing that her name altogether eluded him. Batting her lashes demurely, she simpered, changing her tune completely, “Surely you haven’t forgotten little ole me, Captain Jordan.”
“A man never forgets a beautiful lady.” She was pretty enough, although not exactly what he would consider beautiful. Joshua reserved that title for another. 
Suzanne’s face fair glowed with excitement and she was about to fish for more flattery from the fine male specimen before her when Beth rudely, she thought, interrupted them.               
 “Joshua, I am sure you are eager to be home with your family, but surely you can spare us a toast to your homecoming.”
“Have I ever been able to deny you anything, Little Bit?” 
“No, and you never will.”
Immediately upon entering the house, Joshua noticed the striking transformation. New furniture had been brought in to replace the worn antiquated relics. The dull, faded wallpaper that had hung for as far back as Joshua could remember had been painted over with cheerful yellow. Flimsy feminine ruffled curtains hung at the windows. All of the old had been replaced by sparkling new as Beth and Samuel had lovingly restored the house to life after the many years of sad neglect.
“It doesn’t look like the same house, does it?” Beth came to stand behind Joshua as he fingered the white lacy curtains. “What do you imagine Papa would think of the place now?”
“He would be extremely proud that you married a good man and have made a charming and comfortable home for him.” Taking her small hands in his, Joshua gazed lovingly into her eyes.
“Oh, how I have missed you, Joshua,” she whispered, hugging him close.
“If you two would rather be alone,” Suzanne whined, her jealousy overriding her common sense. “My brother and I can go back outside.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Suzanne.” Beth gave her sister-in-law a quelling glance. “Joshua is the brother I never had.”
“Well, I do hope you will not be inclined to feel brotherly toward me,” Suzanne purred, thoroughly embarrassing her brother and his wife, evidenced by Beth’s reddening cheeks and Samuel’s disconcerting frown.
Deciding to ignore her brazen remark, Joshua took a seat on the settee, stretching his legs to relieve the cramps from the long ride. Much to his surprise, an overzealous Suzanne plopped down beside him, almost on top of him actually. Now he remembered what he didn’t particularly take a shine to about the frivolous female. She was too forward. 
Joshua was of the opinion, with most Southern men, that women should be seen and not heard except behind the closed doors of a bedroom. He had a definite aversion toward overbearing women. Suzanne’s perfume reminded him of the night of a Christmas Ball when she had made it known, loud and clear, that Joshua was her intended catch of the day. If he remembered correctly, she had been visiting her brother then also. 
Always the quick study, Joshua had been shrewd enough to realize within mere seconds of making her acquaintance that her innocent demeanor was little more than a facade. He had also been quick to recognize her interest in him and had wasted no time in asking the flirtatious vixen to dance. No sooner had they reached the dance floor than she proceeded to rub her soft body against his in a most seductive and inviting manner, oblivious to the stares her actions were generating.
“You dance divinely, sir,” she had whispered softly against his ear as her tongue darted out to caress his earlobe.
Momentarily taken aback by her forward behavior, Joshua had drawled, “That’s not all I do well.” Then, never one to resist the charms of a willing female, he had pulled her against his lean, muscular body.
“Why not let me be the judge of that?” had been her heated reply, not at all put off by his boldness. 
Joshua had then escorted the shameless debutante across the dance floor, through the open French doors, and outside into the starry, moonlit night. Leading her through the garden gate, he took her in his arms under the sweeping branches of a weeping willow tree, somewhat shocked by her passionate response. She had behaved as a woman starved, her hands moving through his hair as she moaned deep in her throat. His lips caressed hers, kissing her long and hard until she broke away and proceeded to unbutton his trousers.
“Damn,” she swore softly, after hearing her brother Samuel calling her name from only a few feet away. “We’ll continue this later,” she had promised, pausing long enough for one last lingering kiss. “To be perfectly honest, I am sorely tempted to ignore my brother’s rather persistent calls, since I have no doubt that a tumble in the grass with you would be well worth a few lectures on propriety. But then again, it might be best not to press my luck.” 
Samuel might very well become furious enough to send her home. 
“And besides, there should be plenty of time to become better acquainted with you, Captain Jordan. After all, this is the season of parties, and I will be attending them all, especially now that you are making the party circuit.” She had hurried back into his waiting arms for one last kiss before darting through the garden and back into the house. 
Joshua feared she would be greatly affronted to learn he had not so much as given her a fleeting thought since that night.
“Joshua, dear, you haven’t heard a word I said,” Beth chided.
“I’m sorry, Beth. Please, forgive my rudeness. I suppose I’m more tired than I thought. What with docking the ship, packing, and the ride home, I’m tired enough to fall asleep right here.” 
“Well then, you should!” Suzanne leaned toward him with hard to conceal excitement and was quick to suggest, “Beth has oodles of beds in this big old house, and you could sleep here and get a fresh start in the morning. Oh, please say you will stay the night, Joshua. I could ride home with you in the morning, since I have been intending to visit Malinda, but just can never seem to find the time.”
“Joshua knows without being told that he is welcome to visit us whenever he chooses, Suzanne.” Beth cast a stern glance at her overzealous sister-in-law. “However, I’m sure he’s anxious to inform his family that he has arrived home safely. Malinda was here just yesterday and said her parents were eagerly awaiting their son’s homecoming. Therefore we cannot expect to monopolize all his time. Although I seem to recall you complained of a simply vicious headache and did not venture downstairs once during his sister’s visit.” 
Beth rose, gave Suzanne a pointed look, and giving Joshua one last welcoming hug, escorted him to the door. “You won’t be a stranger now, will you? I have no doubt they will be keeping you busy over at Sea Grove, but do stop by to see us as often as you can.”
Joshua clasped her small hand in his larger one. “You just try keeping me away, Little Bit.” Shaking Samuel’s hand, Joshua asked, “Could I impose on you now and then for advice? I fear I may be a bit rusty on plantation affairs.”
“Call on me anytime.” Samuel intended to walk with him outside, but after a meaningful shake of her head from his sister, he bid Joshua good night at the door and escorted an exasperated Beth back inside. “Samuel, Joshua is tuckered out and would most likely prefer not to be bothered by your sister’s simpering ways tonight.”
Samuel drew his wife close, attempting to soothe her ruffled feathers. “Joshua is a big boy, honey. If he doesn’t care to be bothered, I’m sure he will not hesitate to relay as much to my sister.”
Turning to bid Suzanne good night, Joshua found her draping a lacy shawl over her shoulders. “I’m going for a stroll in the fresh air. It’s such a pleasant evening.”
“Enjoy your walk, Suzanne. I’m exhausted and headed for home.” A cool night wind blew across the land as he started toward his horse. He turned when he felt her small hand on his arm. 
“What’s your hurry?” she purred. “If I remember correctly, you and I have some unfinished business to attend to.”
A few more hours without sleep wouldn’t kill him, he surmised, and she might prove a pleasant diversion from plantation life. “At your service,” he chuckled, giving her a mock salute and pulling her toward him.
Inhaling sharply, she took a step back and glanced toward the parlor window. “You cannot be serious, Joshua. I do have a reputation to uphold, and unless I miss my guess, Samuel and Beth are peering through the curtains this very minute like some peeping Toms. At times, I think Beth is just looking for a reason to send me packing. I’m afraid we will have to show some discretion.”
“I can be very discreet.” Ignoring her weak protests he drew her against him, his kiss affecting her so that it was several minutes before she could summon a reply. 
“Shall… we meet later… tonight,” she stammered.
“Name the time and place.” Then, his lips again descended on hers, succeeding in drawing the breath from her body.
“Meet me at midnight down by the pond,” she gasped before turning to bolt into the house. 
Joshua smiled as the door slammed shut behind her. She had certainly turned nervous and jittery upon finding him a willing subject. He had first learned the trick from Sam Bogan, only then the ruse had failed miserably. Joshua would keep their rendezvous at the pond tonight. Although he doubted Suzanne would show after having witnessed her hasty flight just now. He knew her kind well.           

Arriving home just before dusk, Joshua forced a smile when his mother and sister greeted him at the door. After a heartfelt welcome home complete with hugs, kisses, and tears of joy, he quietly climbed the winding stairs to enter the room that reminded him of death. He immediately noticed the absence of the sickly sweet smell of infection that had assaulted him upon his first visit. During his stay at Christmas he had ordered the servants to remove every floral arrangement, hoping to rid the house of the pervasive odor.
Joshua both feared and anticipated this reunion with his father. He was sorely afraid he would be unable to control his emotions and allow pity to slip into his voice, an emotion he knew his father would deplore. Taking a deep breath he opened the door and was left standing with his mouth gaping open. Was that really his father propped up against the headboard of the bed going through a neat stack of papers? From the waist up he resembled the man Joshua remembered.
“You are looking exceptionally well, Father.” He couldn’t keep his amazement at his father’s rapid recovery hidden. What could have brought about such a drastic change, when on his last visit he had appeared within an inch of slamming death’s door behind him?
Jeremiah, engrossed in his work, hadn’t heard him enter. He looked up, a broad smile playing across his still handsome features at the sight of his son. “Good to have you home, son. Good to have you home.” His deep voice echoed through the house. “Your mother said you were home at Christmas, but I can’t say I remember.”
“Yes, Father, I was home.” Astonished by his father’s cheerful mood, Joshua took a seat beside his bed peering at him closely. “And I must confess that I am truly taken aback by your recovery from then until now.”
“It goes without saying that I feel much better, son. I guess anyone can see that. The truth is I moped and pouted and just plain felt sorry for myself for months on end, and where did it get me? Nowhere. Then one day I suddenly realized that my life was far from over.” Jeremiah glanced out the window at the fluffy white fields of cotton stretching as far as the eye could see. “I’ve had ample time to think about how I intend to live the remainder of my life, son.”
“And what was your conclusion?”
Laying his papers on the bed, Jeremiah looked directly into his son’s eyes. “The Good Lord saw fit to take away my legs. I don’t question his logic, nor do I ask why, for in exchange he gave me a double dose of willpower to continue living. He gave Jake the knowledge to build that fine chair with wheels and a wooden ramp so even your mother or sister have no difficulty pushing me outside to feel the warmth of the morning sun.” He smiled a completely serene smile. “God has His master plan already laid out, it is our choice whether to accept it or waste precious time fighting it. I chose to accept it.”
“So all my worry was for naught?” Joshua moved to examine the sturdy wooden chair with wheels. “I should have known. Nothing can keep a Jordan down for long.”
“Truer words were never spoken.” Jeremiah laughed heartily, motioning Joshua to a chair. “Sit a spell, son. You look tired. By the way Jake Almond, the man you hired, is a fine overseer, just fine.” He handed Joshua a handful of papers. “I have been over his record keeping with a fine tooth comb, and having talked with the man at length I have no complaints, although I would confess a desire to see the fields. Not that I don’t trust him completely mind you, I do. But seeing is believing and I’d like to see the fields and talk to the hands myself.”
“First thing tomorrow morning I’ll hitch up the buckboard and we will tour the fields.” Joshua was eager to speed his father along the road to recovery. “Are you up for that?”
“Fine, son. That will be fine.” Jeremiah tried to keep his heavy eyelids open, but found the task entirely too difficult. “I look forward to it.”
Quietly rising from his seat as the sun was sinking low over the horizon Joshua left the room in a much better humor. Hearing his father’s soft snores as he closed the door, he chuckled to himself remembering from years of living under his father’s roof that in a short while the man’s snores would rattle the windows.
Shortly after midnight Joshua silently crept from the house, heedful not to wake his mother. He would hate to lie to her about his destination. Some things were better left unsaid.
The night was bright under the full moon, causing a wicked smile to play across his finely chiseled features. Good. He liked to see what he was getting. He laughed out loud into the peaceful night, startling the nocturnal inhabitants of the still woods and causing a rabbit to scamper across the road in front of him, as he recalled some of the females he had undressed and damn well wished it had been dark. He wiped his hand across his forehead as if he could wipe such unpleasant memories from his mind.
Much to his surprise, Suzanne was in attendance as promised, floating near the water’s edge with a smile of dreamy anticipation on her face. He could just make out her slim, naked figure under the rippling waves created by her kicking feet. She could not be called voluptuous, lacking the curving slopes he found so irresistible. But she had one advantage over every other woman in Charleston tonight. She was here.
“Come join me. The water is heavenly,” she purred, after watching him watch her for several minutes.  
“I wasn’t sure you would come.” Removing his clothes, Joshua waded in to join her. 
She darted just out of his grasp, swimming to the other side of the pond. 
Please. Spare me your coquettish games. He was tired from a long day and had no patience for her pretenses of being the coy, innocent virgin when they both knew the complete opposite to be true. Joshua calmly treaded water, beckoning her with sensuous green eyes that the majority of women, including the one in the water, were powerless to resist.
Suzanne swam back to him, stopping an arm’s length away. Their eyes locked, with his having the power to melt her like candle wax beneath a flame. Slithering into his embrace she moved her arms around his slippery neck, searching for his mouth with eager lips. 
When their nude bodies molded together Suzanne trembled from the sheer force of the contact as his hands on her buttocks pulled her closer against him. His tongue explored every crevice of her mouth before leaving a searing trail down her neck to her small breasts. Her head fell back and she moaned as his teeth nibbled and gently tugged at the rigid peaks until she thought she might faint if he didn’t release her from the sensuous torture. “Take me now, Joshua! Please!” 
Happy to oblige, Joshua pressed her yearning body against his hard flesh, entering her slowly. He had not expected a virgin, and he did not find one. Instead, he found a woman well versed in the art of lovemaking. Caught up in the moment, they both slipped underwater and came up gasping for air. Lifting her easily, he carried her to the pond’s edge, laying her down on a soft green carpet of moss. “A person could drown out there if they were not careful,” he whispered lazily against her hair.
“But what a way to go.” Suzanne smiled seductively before climbing atop him. “Oh, Joshua, what a heavenly way to go.”

As the sun was beginning its daily ascent into the sky the following morning Joshua was heading home. After a rather adventurous night, for Suzanne Fletcher was definitely an adventure, they had slipped contentedly into a satisfied sleep under a brilliant moon with a chorus of bullfrogs playing their nightly concerto in the background. Far from marriage material, she would however prove to be a pleasant diversion from the monotony of plantation life during her visit.
Realizing he was more tired now than he had been the previous night, Joshua knew he would get no respite today. He was eager to take his father on an inspection of the fields, and this wasn’t the first night he had forfeited sleep for the sake of a lady, or rather in Suzanne’s case, a willing female. “One must keep the opposite gender satisfied,” he mused aloud, urging his steed toward home. And unless he missed his guess, the one he had just departed was definitely that, for the time being at least.

Joshua strode up the steps of the verandah to find his sister Malinda sitting in a rocking chair sipping coffee. She glanced up, a frown wrinkling her pretty brow as Suzanne’s perfume assaulted her from several feet away.
Releasing an irritated breath, she blew on her coffee to cool it. “You are making a colossal mistake, big brother.”
“A mistake?” Joshua smiled. “Care to elaborate, Sis?”
“Suzanne.”
“Suzanne?”
“Do not feign ignorance with me, Joshua.” Her face flushed crimson. “I know where you were last night and… what you were doing. I can only hope you will have the common sense not to fall for her feminine wiles.” 
“I have the common sense not to fall for any female’s feminine wiles, and of a certainty not Suzanne Fletcher’s. You should have more faith in your big brother than that.” He grinned broadly, taking her coffee and draining the cup.
“Oh, I have faith in you. It’s Suzanne that troubles me. She has made her purpose crystal clear to me and anyone else who will listen when she chatters, which by the way is constantly, that she plans to marry you, Joshua. The shameless hussy has even confessed to having no intention of waiting for the sanctity of the marriage bed to….um… to…well…you know.”
“Enough about me.” Joshua could not tolerate having a conversation about sex, of all things, with his baby sister. “Am I going to be allowed to run this plantation in peace or will I be too busy escorting eager young suitors from our door?”
“Joshua,” she cried and blushed prettily. “How you do run on. However I, unlike my errant sibling, am particular about who I spend my time with.”
“Touché, dear sister.” Joshua hoped to set the record straight once and for all. “But please, do not worry overmuch about me, Malinda. I am a grown man, no cataracts blurring my vision, and am therefore fully capable of seeing the lovely Suzanne for who she truly is.”
“I must confess I am relieved to hear you say that, because the girl is trouble waiting to happen, and she has had her sights set on you since the first time she laid her flirtatious little eyes on you.”
Joshua pulled his sister to her feet for a heartfelt hug. “I have missed you, Malinda. And don’t be such a worrywart. How many times has mother warned you that frowning causes wrinkles?” With a sly wink he added, “Have a little faith in your big brother, would you?”
“I’ll try. You just be careful.” Malinda reached for the silver coffee pot and refilled her cup. “That girl is poison.”
                                                                    

Chapter 8 
Savannah, Georgia
Three months later



The sight of Magnolia House nestled among the fresh spring greenery brought a loving smile to Lynna’s lips. Sitting on a stump by the side of the woods fragrant with pine, cedar, oak and magnolia trees, she was lost in thought until Suzanne’s rather unladylike bellow from the balcony shattered her reverie. “Lynna, would you be a dear and come up here, please?” 
Leaving her daydreams of a land far away behind, Lynna walked the short distance to the house wondering what Suzanne wanted this time. She paused inside the door where the bright morning sun reflected the labors of the household servants who had waxed and buffed the floors until they shone. Running her finger along the edge of a polished, carved oak table she knew there was not a speck of dust to be found. If there was, the person responsible for leaving it would have to deal with the wrath of Jasmine, self proclaimed ruler of dis heah roost, and none of the household servants relished that prospect.
The focal point of the house was the gently curving staircase. Rich mahogany banisters wound endlessly upward, past a shining crystal, wedding cake chandelier with hundreds of candles, imported from China. To the right were twin parlors of gold and rose. 
After dinner the ladies would be escorted to the rose parlor for tea, while the men enjoyed their cigars and brandy in the gold parlor. A marvelously carved sliding door separated the two parlors, although it failed to drown out the men’s raucous laughter that often caused the ladies to blush upon realizing the topic of their conversation. 
To the left was the dining room. The table, chairs, buffet, and server were rich mahogany, inlaid with satinwood. A corner cabinet displayed the Canton china and Waterford crystal that had been in the Fletcher family for generations. 
Lynna had seen it all hundreds of times, yet she never failed to be amazed by the beauty and simple elegance of the house each time she entered. It was worlds apart from her home, the fortress like Chateau in Paris.
Home. The thought brought scalding tears to her eyes. Was her father still alive? If so, why didn’t he contact her? Or, better yet, why didn’t he come for her himself? 
In three years she had not received a single letter, if indeed any had been penned, and she had dutifully kept her promise not to contact him for fear of discovery. It was proving to be a promise that tormented her and was becoming more difficult to keep with each passing day. Had her beloved father simply forgotten that she even existed? Had he moved on to live his life without her, sending her thousands of miles away to live in a tiny cottage with her aunt Judith simply to be rid of her? But the one question she had pondered over and over in her head until it ached was why had he not sent funds to make their lives easier as he had promised?
“Lynna! For heavens sake, how long does it take you to climb a simple flight of stairs?” Suzanne’s irritated voice drifted down the mahogany steps.
Snatching up her skirts, Lynna tried to hurry, she really did, but thoughts of the Chateau brought heartache and worry over her father. This set off a chain reaction. Her eyes filled with tears, her heel caught in the hem of her dress, and she tripped halfway up the stairs falling flat on her face.
“Lynna!” Suzanne’s shrill voice vibrated through the house, sending the upstairs servants scurrying lest they should fall victim to her foul temper.
Suzanne’s bedroom was a lovely shade of robin’s egg blue. A massive four poster bed surrounded by a sheer lacy canopy graced the center of the room. Beside the bed a pair of Chippendale wing chairs stood on either side of a piecrust tea table. On the other side of the room was a full length cheval glass in which Suzanne currently stood on a stool admiring herself while a young Negro girl fanned vigorously with a peacock feather.
Lynna’s aunt Judith was on the floor at her feet attempting to pin the hem on Suzanne’s gown, which wasn’t an easy task due to her constant preening. As Lynna entered the room, Suzanne spun around to face her, almost falling off the stool, (which would have thrilled the Negro girl immensely), and with a look of stern vexation asked, “Lynna, whatever took you so long? My goodness, but you certainly do dawdle. Why, I… never mind.” Suzanne’s mood could change swifter than most women could change their bloomers. “How do you like my gown? Is it not positively divine?”
Lynna had to admit the gown was most becoming. Cut from light turquoise watered silk and fashioned with a low pointed waistline back and front, the full skirt was embroidered with dozens of tiny rosettes. Rosettes Suzanne hardly noticed, while Lynna and her aunt had spent endless days and nights stitching the tedious handwork. A delicate row of fine lace edged the daringly low cut bodice with three rows of the same lace falling from the back to form a short triple cape.
Judith was the seamstress for Magnolia House, a position she had held for some twenty odd years. Over the years, she had stitched clothes for Silas and Mary Fletcher and their two sons Samuel and Daniel, on the rare occasion when she wasn’t sewing exclusively for Suzanne, their spoiled only daughter. Lynna and her aunt shared a small cottage on the plantation grounds.
“It really is beautiful,” Lynna had to admit. “But then, all my aunt’s gowns are.” If the truth were told, the gown would rival Lynna’s own gowns back home, made by the finest dressmakers in all of Paris. Gowns that mice had most likely built nests and were raising their offspring in by now.
“I agree. But this gown is special, for no one could fail to notice me when I wear it.” Suzanne released a quivering sigh and absently curled a lock of hair around her finger, softly whispering, “Not even Captain Joshua Jordan.”
Once again, as it did each time Suzanne breathed his name, Lynna’s heart set up a noisy hammering in her chest. Clutching at her bodice with trembling hands she glanced up, surprised the others in the room didn’t hear the clattering racket behind her breastbone. If Suzanne ever found out the truth about what had transpired between Lynna and her magnificent Captain Jordan, not only would Lynna’s shame be almost unbearable, but Suzanne would be livid and possibly have murderous intent. Hiding her blazing face behind her hands, Lynna prayed this infatuation, as the majority of Suzanne’s obsessions were, was short lived.
“Do you not agree, Lynna?” Suzanne huffed out a breath because she’d been forced to repeat her question.
What? “Oh, yes… certainly,” Lynna was quick to agree. “He cannot fail to notice you in such a marvelous gown.”
Lynna had heard little but the praises of Captain Jordan since last Christmas when Suzanne had met him at a ball while visiting her brother in Charleston. She wished desperately to warn Suzanne, to tell her what a vile, wretched, blackhearted womanizer the sea captain truly was. But she could not. 
To confess to her horrible, horrible blunder would bring humiliation and scorn to herself, and possibly loss of employment for her aunt. If Suzanne ever found out the truth, Lynna knew her revenge would be swift and she wouldn’t care who she hurt in the process. Therefore she could only listen as Suzanne prattled on and on about the sea captain with the raven locks and dashing good looks. A man Lynna remembered all too well.
The Negro girl, with perspiration dripping from the tip of her nose and with a riot of colorful braids sprouting in all directions, undoubtedly shared Lynna’s sentiments. When Suzanne spun toward the mirror and the Negro girl was facing her back, her eyes rolled toward the heavens. Her actions caused Judith to move very close to the hem of Suzanne’s gown to keep from laughing and sucking a mouthful of pins down her throat. Surprisingly, and to their astonishment, Suzanne suddenly dropped her favorite subject and moved on. “Now, for the reason I summoned you. Lynna, be a dear and undo my fasteners.”  
“What?” Lynna’s defiant stance with her hands planted firmly on her hips almost betrayed her true station in life. “You called me up here just to unfasten your gown?” A quelling glance from her aunt ceased her impending rebuke. No one must learn the secret of her birthright that only she, her aunt, and Joshua Jordan shared.
A withering look in Suzanne’s eyes begged the question; And what would be the error of my ways if I had? Must I remind you that you are both employees of my father and reside in a cottage graciously allocated by the same?
But instead, for reasons that altogether eluded her, Suzanne chose not to speak her mind. She simply was not feeling argumentative today. “Of course not, silly goose. I would but ask you to model this gown for me. If I see it on you, I can form an image in my mind of the accessories that would best offset the gown. You know, pretend you are a dressmaker’s dummy.” Giggling, she stepped out of the gown, admiring her slim figure in the mirror while Lynna disrobed.
The soft folds of expensive silk fell caressingly around Lynna’s body. Closing her eyes she released a contented sigh, marveling at the long forgotten feeling of expensive material against her skin as her aunt moved behind her to fasten the gown.
Judith tugged, pulled, and shifted to no avail. “Lynna darling, you seem to have….um….grown in certain areas. For the life of me I cannot seem to get the gown fastened. Why, up until this summer I used the exact same measurements when sewing for the two of you.”
Judith peered over Lynna’s shoulder to see a mortified Suzanne, her face flaming at the sight of Lynna’s bosom spilling over the low cut bodice. She had insisted the gown be cut daringly low, but witnessing the sight of Lynna’s overflowing cleavage only served to infuriate her.
The Negro girl’s fanning increased a degree as she savored the high and mighty Miss Suzanne’s burning cheeks and flaming neck. Suzanne most thoroughly enjoyed humiliating others, yet it was a rare occasion indeed when she received the same treatment in turn.
Witnessing the rush of blood to Suzanne’s upper extremities and the rage glistening in her eyes, Lynna quickly removed the gown, spreading it carefully on the bed. “It looks much better on you, Suzanne.”
“Yes, of course, that goes without saying,” Suzanne snipped, studying Lynna with narrowed eyes and several unkind thoughts. True, Lynna’s measurements had blossomed in the past year whereas her own had remained virtually the same. The girls were a study in contrast. 
Lynna’s hair was the color of spun gold. The sun’s rays shining through the open balcony doors added a glowing luster to her soft, golden, waist length mane. Suzanne’s hair resembled a raven’s wing, so black the same sun reflected gleaming blue highlights. 
Their eyes were no less different. Lynna’s eyes were shimmering pools of summer sky blue crystal that changed with her every emotion. They sparkled like brilliant diamonds when she was happy, shone sadness in their glistening depths, and snapped with defiance when angry. Suzanne’s eyes were brown with green flecks, admittedly not one of her best features.
Both girls had been blessed at birth with the pearly white skin so cherished by Southern women. They protected their skin from the ravages of the sun with parasols, hats, sunbonnets, and nightly applications of buttermilk. Although the vast majority chose to avoid the sun entirely, as did Suzanne, venturing outside only in early morning or late evening.
A wicked and triumphant glow spread across Suzanne’s pretty features. Lynna may be more generously endowed, that was painfully obvious, but she could tell by the girl’s reddening nose and cheeks that she had been outside again, dreadfully unprotected from the harsh rays of the sun. Be patient, she thought callously. A few more days in the sun and the careless girl would have skin like shoe leather. 
Feeling much better, Suzanne thanked Lynna graciously for her assistance, and still in her chemise, climbed into bed for her afternoon nap, thus dismissing them.
No sooner had Judith closed the door than Suzanne’s head filled with the remembrance of strong arms crushing her against a hard, lean body and soft, sweet lips lowering to hers. A shiver passed over her even though the afternoon heat was atrocious.
Sleep was a long time in coming as a pulsating, persistent ache settled into a tight knot of desire in the sensitive spot between her thighs and she reached to remedy it. 

With thoughts racing through her head of Joshua and Suzanne, together, Lynna headed to the river for a cooling swim before supper. Passing between the cotton fields as she walked down the dirt road, she watched as the slaves hoed the grass from the sturdy young cotton shoots, several waving a greeting. Her heart turned over for them. 
Mosquitoes swarmed around their heads and they constantly swatted flies as sweat rolled from their dark glistening bodies. They worked so hard, yet received little reward for their backbreaking labor other than food, shelter, and a new set of homespun clothes twice a year. Lynna knew their passage across the Atlantic Ocean to reach their new home had been dominated by suffering, sickness, fear, and death. 
The life of a slave was a life of unending torment and brutality. Yet there was not a slave at Magnolia House who did not count his blessings and feel fortunate to belong to Silas Fletcher. They knew all too well the conditions under which most slaves lived, or merely existed, on neighboring plantations and the inhumanities they suffered daily. 
Many slaves were grossly overworked, toiling long days under the blazing, relentless heat of the sun in the cotton fields. During the day they were hastily fed a noonday meal consisting of corn pone with water before being prodded back to the fields under the vigilant eyes of the mounted overseer brandishing his ever present whip. After a long day in the fields they were not allowed to go to their homes and enjoy a leisurely supper. Far from it, they hurried straight to an adjoining field to cultivate the land, plant the seeds, and tend the corn and other crops they must grow to feed their own families until it grew too dark to see. 
Many women miscarried because of their exhausting workload. Others were forced to work until the day they delivered and then rushed back to the field shortly afterward to resume their grueling work schedule. 
Age was no excuse for not working. The rare few who beat the odds and lived to a ripe old age were not permitted to spend their remaining years in leisure. They were expected to cook, wash clothes, and care for the small children. Those chores more often than not fell upon the shoulders of the young. Very few slaves lived to see their supposed golden years. On some plantations none wanted to, preferring death to their wretched lives. 
Nine years was the average life expectancy of a field hand. And since international slave trade had been abolished and no more slaves could be legally shipped in, worried plantation owners with large cotton fields to be planted and picked urged their slaves to breed like flies in order to keep their supply of young, hearty workers replenished. Lynna could only pray that in death these people would find their much deserved rest under the caring hands of their true master.
Silas Fletcher was a much kinder slaveholder than most of the landed gentry. True, his slaves worked as hard as any. The fact that Magnolia House was one of the most productive plantations in the South, producing a bumper crop of cotton annually was proof of that. The outstanding difference was that Silas treated his slaves as human beings, instead of mindless working chattel without a single thought of substance. 
Children could be seen scattered throughout the fields carrying buckets of cold well water to the thirsty laborers. At midday they were permitted to find a shady spot to rest and eat at their leisure of a meal consisting of fat back, hominy, and cornbread. Silas Fletcher believed a decent meal not only appeased their appetites, but also gave them the needed energy to return to the fields. 
Unlike on some plantations, the slaves at Magnolia House were an orderly lot with the occasional troublemaker being sternly disciplined by the black foreman Jopree. He had worked on other plantations and was quick to remind them that things could be much, much worse than they were now.
Albert Morehead, who owned a neighboring plantation, often lectured Silas against feeding his slaves a heavy noonday meal. “You keep feeding them like that and they will become so fat and lazy you won’t get a decent day’s labor out of them. Just feed them enough to keep them from starving to death, that’s what I do.”

Darkness was falling over the plantation when Lynna arrived back at her aunt’s cottage. While helping Judith shuck corn for supper she couldn’t resist asking about Suzanne’s new gown. “Is there an occasion for the new gown, or did she simply open her wardrobe and discover an empty space?”
“Oh, there is an occasion. Suzanne is returning to Charleston to visit Samuel, yet again. She explained to her parents that she wished to spend some time with her brother and her adorable niece Bethany Breanne, and naturally they agreed without question. But we both know Suzanne cannot long tolerate Samuel’s daughter, or any other child for that matter. Alas, we know the true reason behind her visit.”
“Oh, yes,” Lynna gushed, affecting Suzanne’s grating whine. “Captain Joshua Jordan. Why, how could I possibly evah forget him?” If the truth be told, she would remember the heartless scoundrel until the day she drew her final breath.
“Precisely.” Judith laughed. “As you know, she was simply devastated last winter when she failed to add him to her collection of beaux. But I must confess, I’d like to meet this paragon. The first man I’m sure who has ever successfully resisted Suzanne’s abundant charms.”
Lynna was confident Joshua had long since sampled whatever charms Suzanne had to offer, abundant or not. The same man who had stolen her virginity and taken her on a round trip journey to hell and back when she had been convinced that she carried his child.

~*~
 
Two days later Suzanne floated down the steps in a snug violet traveling outfit. Her hair was swept off her neck under a matching sunbonnet, the brim pulled low to protect her face from the morning sun. The carriage was piled high with numerous trunks and hatboxes, more than she could possibly require for a short stay in Charleston. Even given the fact that she changed her dress three or four times daily there was still an excess of baggage strapped to the top of the equipage. It crossed Lynna’s mind that Suzanne was planning an extended visit this time and scolded herself for being pleased at the thought. 
Hugging Lynna excitedly Suzanne whispered in her ear, “Wish me luck!” and was in the carriage before Lynna could reply. 
Lynna was lost in thought, remembering Suzanne’s parting words. “Oh, Lynna, this is going to be the most memorable trip of my entire life. Joshua is coming home, you see. His father had that awful accident, well, actually it was a rather fortuitous mishap for me since Joshua is returning to oversee the plantation. In fact, he should already have returned to Sea Grove by now.”
How could Suzanne be pleased over the fact that a man had lost both his legs? Her appalling lack of compassion for anyone other than herself never failed to astonish Lynna. “Give my love to Samuel,” Lynna called in a determined effort to distract Suzanne from her unending discourse about Joshua. Unfortunately, her ploy failed miserably.
Suzanne’s excitement continued to bubble forth. “Lynna, I have a confession to make. For the first time in my life I am truly in love. I intend to become Mrs. Suzanne Jordan, wife of the esteemed Captain Joshua Jordan, in the not too distant future. I cannot wait to see your face when you meet him for the first time next month when you all come to attend my darling niece’s birthday celebration. Why, he is just too handsome for words and filthy rich as well.”
Lynna had pasted on a fake smile, eager for the girl to close the carriage door and be on her merry way. She would travel to South Carolina to visit Samuel and his family, but she had no intention of going within a mile of Captain Joshua Jordan while she was there. 
He will marry you only if he has to, Suzanne. And, rest assured, he knows me… intimately.

With Suzanne in Charleston, Judith and Lynna’s workload was cut drastically. They had kept late hours in order to complete several day dresses and a ball gown for Suzanne’s trip and now found themselves with rare free time on their hands. Lynna recalled Mary’s stunned expression when questioning her daughter about the new dresses and extravagant gown she had requested from Judith.
“Mother, whatever do you mean, why of course I could not be seen in the same dress twice while in Charleston. What would people say? And would you have Captain Jordan think us penniless and all but destitute?” Saying the words, she had clutched her chest as though she were on the verge of succumbing to one of her frequent attacks of vapors. “Why, I could never show my humiliated face in the finer homes of Charleston again!”
Mary had left the room, mumbling to herself, but Judith didn’t complain. Suzanne was her livelihood.
Lynna and Judith quickly adapted to the much slower pace, taking long strolls by the river, stopping to have a quiet picnic lunch, or just sitting on the front porch, listening to the birds sing, bees buzz around the flowerbeds, bullfrogs croak from the pond, and crickets chirp. The entire plantation seemed to breathe a deep sigh of relief during Suzanne’s absence.

Long after the sun had dropped below the horizon, Lynna settled back against a cushion on the old porch swing, watching a star shoot across the sky. She pushed with her bare feet to set the swing in motion, allowing her mind to wander. Absentmindedly, her fingers went to twirl a lock of hair as her mind drifted to Charleston. Suzanne was probably having a marvelous time in the Holy City, flitting from ball to ball in the fabulous gowns Aunt Judith had designed and painstakingly stitched into the wee hours of the morning. She most likely had all the young bucks vying for her attention, including Joshua Jordan. 
No! 
She simply would not permit herself to think about him, or what he and Suzanne were doing on this beautiful moon swept romantic night. Hearing a rustling noise, she peered into the shadows, ready to bolt if her uncle appeared.
Lynna and Judith were grateful and gave thanks nightly for their quiet, peaceful evenings alone. Her uncle had not forced his company on them in over a fortnight, which meant they were due a visit any day. Judith’s husband Tobias knew she received her wages on the first day of the month and would be home searching for whiskey money.
Tobias Mathison was a drunk. 
A nasty drunk.
Short and heavyset with carrot colored hair, a pudgy, screwed up face, and the meanest of dispositions. After quenching his constant thirst at the local tavern and spending his last coin for a night with one of the local harlots, he would come home searching for whiskey money. 
“It’s only me, Lynna. Don’t be frightened. I was hoping you would still be awake.”
Relieved to hear Daniel's familiar voice, Lynna patted the swing, inviting him to sit with her. “Aunt Judith just went inside to bed. It’s such a marvelous night I decided to sit outside for a while. Come join me, Daniel.” 
Daniel sat beside her as fireflies danced merrily around them. He smelled clean, of soap, and earth, and tobacco. “I remember when Suzanne was a little girl, she would pull the hind portion of a firefly off, the part that glowed, and place one on the top of each finger. They still glow even when severed from the body, you know? Then she would waltz around with the body parts shining on her fingers and pretend they were sparkling jewels.” 
“How awful!” Lynna cried, feeling sympathy for the mutilated insects. 
“Suzanne did not bat an eye when she killed the bugs, dozens each night. Jasmine always said you could tell a person’s true character by the way they treated animals. I wonder if that saying holds true for insects.”
“If you ask me, cruelty is cruelty no matter the species, and if I recall, you and Samuel also had a fondness for such devilment. Remember when you would chase down a June bug, retrieve a length of Aunt Judith’s sewing thread, and tie the June bug’s back leg to the string? The poor insect would fly madly around and around your head trying to free itself of the string until it collapsed from exhaustion.” 
“I guess you’re right,” he lamented. “They left a nasty smell on my hands, too.” Then, with a look of steely determination in his eyes, he turned abruptly to face her, evidently before he lost his nerve. Daniel took both her hands and pulled her to her feet, gazing deep into her eyes. He lifted his hand to push a stray lock of hair behind her ear, and then returned it to grasp her hand. “Lynna, you know how I feel about you. How I have felt for a long time.” He paused as if gathering his courage. “Will you marry me, Lynna?”
Lynna sat in stunned silence, not knowing what to say or how to say it. If the truth be told, she had been expecting him to ask her for months now, but when it actually occurred, she was caught off guard. 
Daniel drew her into his arms as his lips lowered for a demanding kiss filled with years of pent up passion. When he drew away, his fingers went to where his mouth had been to gently outline her lips. 
Unfortunately, Lynna felt no emotion from his touch or kiss, none of the overwhelming passion she knew existed inside her. She didn’t feel anything really, except sadness and regret. She could not hurt Daniel by allowing him to see that his most passionate kiss failed to elicit even the slightest response in her. She would try another kiss, and this time command her body to respond.
Slipping her arms around his neck, she touched her lips to his in her most ardent kiss; and she had been taught kissing by a master. Still, she felt nothing. Not even the slightest twinge in her nether region. She heard Daniel’s sharp intake of breath, not realizing he was undergoing the same feelings she herself had experienced after being the recipient of Joshua’s kiss. 
Dropping her arms from around his neck, she went to stand solemnly at the edge of the porch, watching fireflies flicker and moths flutter around the sputtering candle. After several minutes of pained silence she turned to Daniel and could only surmise that he was still awaiting a reply to his proposal. She had to stall for time until she could think of a way to refuse his ardent request without breaking his heart in the process. “Daniel, this is so sudden.”
Daniel seemed flushed, perspiring heavily, and evidently his groin area had been beset by a terrible itch. It was some minutes before he found his voice, and when he did it was scarcely above a whisper. “It’s not sudden on my part. I love you, Lynna. I have since the first day you appeared on our doorstep looking as if you had lost your only friend in the world. Please, say you will make me the happiest man on earth and consent to becoming my wife.”
There must be a way to be truthful, while at the same time sparing his feelings. Save him from having to suffer the same torment she had been forced to endure after Joshua had callously thrown her offer of marriage back into her humiliated face. But what? “Daniel, please give me time to ponder this issue at length. I could not possibly give you an answer tonight.”
Daniel immediately exhaled a sigh of relief that she hadn’t turned him down flat. “How much time do you need?”
“Why, I’m not sure. Marriage is much too serious an institution to be hastened into. When I marry, I wish for it to be perfect and last forever.” She prayed he would somehow understand.
“Lynna, I realize your feelings are not as strong as mine. But given time you would grow to love me. I know you would.” With a sweeping hand, Daniel encompassed the plantation and its thousands of acres. “I long for you to stand by my side as my wife and one day be mistress of Magnolia House.” It was obvious to Lynna that in his mind, no woman of sound mind would turn down such a proposal.
“I do love you, Daniel. I just don’t know if I am… ready. I need more time. Please, give me that time.”
His white grin flashed in the darkness. “I will give you until morning.”
“Oh, you are incorrigible!” She smiled, thankful that he was able to joke about the matter.
“I do understand, Lynna.” He held her face and tilted her chin up.” I will be eagerly awaiting your answer. Please, I beg of you, do not postpone the agony any longer than you have to.” Then, placing a tender kiss on the tip of her nose, he turned to leave.
Lynna watched him walk toward the big house with his shoulders hunched, defeated. What was she holding out for? Why not accept his offer of marriage and move her scant belongings into the grand plantation house? 
Daniel was a handsome enough man of average height and build with his father’s black, curly hair and his mother's small frame and cheerful disposition. A man who would love her and be a splendid father to her children, just as his own father was. He was a man any woman would be proud to claim as her own. 
Lynna could find only one flaw with the plan. She didn’t love Daniel and could never hurt him by marrying for any other reason. When she stood before God and pledged her vows, she would mean every single word.




Chapter  9 



Two weeks later, when Lynna was certain her aching bones could not stand to be jostled a second longer, Mary announced they were only a few miles from Cedar Hill. She, along with the other exhausted travelers perked up, eager for baths, clean clothes, and a soft place to rest their much abused behinds after the dusty journey on cushioned seats that had long since begun to feel like wooden planks beneath them.
The weary group departed the carriage, making their way to the steps when the front door suddenly burst open. Samuel Fletcher bounded down the steps two at a time, followed by Beth and their charming daughter Bethany Breanne. After greeting his family warmly, Samuel turned to Lynna with a broad grin on his face. “Well now, just look what a gorgeous young lady you’ve turned out to be.” Then, turning to his wife with a playful grin, he added, “Perhaps I should not have been so eager to leave home.”
Fearing what Beth’s reaction might be to Samuel’s teasing banter, Lynna lowered her eyes, but Beth only smiled. “Never mind him, Lynna. Samuel always was the worst jokester, but I don’t have to remind you, do I?” 
“He always teased me mercilessly whenever he visited.” Lynna remembered well Samuel’s penchant for tomfoolery. “You never knew what mischief he had up his sleeve.”
“Or what bug he had in his pocket to chase and terrorize you with.” His mother laughed fondly.
“And he is still that way, even to this day.” Beth led the ladies into the house, tossing over her shoulder as an afterthought, “You ladies follow me upstairs so you can freshen up before dinner. I’m so glad you could come a few days early since we are having a special dinner guest tonight. Suzanne has invited our neighbor and dear friend, Joshua Jordan.”
Lynna jerked her hand from Beth’s to clutch at a heart that suddenly threatened to beat out of her chest. Joshua Jordan? Here? How could she face him again?
“At last.” Mary affected an exaggerated sigh. “We will finally have the honor of meeting the irresistibly charming, unspeakably divine, astonishingly handsome, and just plain perfect Mr. Joshua Jordan.”
Everyone laughed uproariously at Mary’s facetious remarks concerning Suzanne’s often heard descriptions of Joshua, except Beth and Lynna. Beth realized each description fit Joshua to a tee, except maybe the one about being perfect. She chose to keep mum and allow each of them to discover his numerous attributes for themselves.
 Lynna found absolutely nothing about the man to be worthy of laughter. Instead she felt the urge to throw up, sob hysterically, and walk every step of the way back to Magnolia House. What would she do? What would she say? What would he say? 
He was such a vile, despicable bounder. Would he relish watching her squirm and happily inform Suzanne and the others of their… acquaintance? She should never have come. Good Lord, she should never have come!

Upstairs, after being shown to her room, Lynna poured water from a cornflower blue pitcher into a matching bowl and breathed a deep sigh of relief as she sponged her body, washing away the light film of grit that had settled over her during the seemingly endless carriage ride. How she longed for a hot soothing bath to soak her tired bones, but there was no time. Company was coming to dinner in the form of a blackhearted sea dog, and she was expected to hurry downstairs and pretend to greet him for the first time. She would love to greet him with a hard uppercut to his jaw.
Perhaps she could send word that she had an upset stomach and planned to retire early. How discourteous would that be? Plus, she had never been ill a day in her life and a sudden ailment would only cause her aunt unnecessary worry. No, it was best to get this ordeal over with. Huh! With the quantity of women he had bedded, Captain Jordan would be hard pressed to even remember her name.

Feeling revived after her sponge bath, Lynna sat at the dressing table pinching her cheeks until they reddened, and pulling her heavy mass of golden hair atop her head. Deciding against that style, she dropped her hair to trail caressingly down her back and fall in soft shimmering curls of spun gold. Pulling the sides back, she held her hair in place with turquoise combs, while bouncy tendrils fell to frame her oval face. Suzanne had often chided her for wearing her hair in such an unfashionable style. Hair should always be swept off your shoulders for effect, Lynna. But unlike Suzanne, Lynna had never conformed strictly to the fashion of the day.
With her toilette complete, she chose her favorite gown of sea green dotted muslin. The dress was cut fashionably low with off the shoulder puffed sleeves and a velvet sash at her waist. The hem flounce, sleeves, and neck border were appliquéd with double rows of creamy French lace that Mary had been considerate enough to supply. Adding matching kid slippers, she stood in front of the cheval glass for a final inspection.
Satisfied with her appearance, Lynna braced herself for the drama that was surely about to unfold and descended the stairs to the sound of robust laughter drifting from the parlor. That laugh! She would recognize it anywhere. Joshua! She could not face him again. Now or ever. 
The pain of her last days on the Windjammer was still too fresh. She remembered vividly his hateful response to her proposal. “I will marry you only if I am forced to.” No, her aunt could make her apologies and she would remain cloistered in her room for the duration of the visit. 
Pausing midway down the stairs, she was about to turn and flee to her room when her eyes were drawn to the unmistakable physique of the man standing with Silas and his sons. It really was him, standing only a few feet away. Even with his back turned, Lynna recognized him at once and her ragged breath caught in her throat.
At the same moment Joshua felt eyes like simmering coals burning into his back. Turning slowly, from where he stood, he alone saw the breathtaking creature poised on the stairs like a goddess about to take flight. That face. That body. Those eyes. Could it be? No, of course not. Evidently, he had overindulged in Samuel’s stock of fine Jamaican rum. For the exquisite beauty perched on the stairs held more than a passing resemblance to…no…it couldn’t be. 
Placing his rum glass on the mantle, his hand moved to scrub his face before again looking toward the stairs. It was her, the very vision that had haunted him for the past three bedeviling years, even more breathtaking now than when he had first witnessed her stunning beauty onboard the Windjammer. Lynna. 
Hardly realizing that someone was speaking his name, or that anyone else was even in the room, Joshua found himself moving toward her. Nor did he realize he had left Samuel in mid sentence, looking after him with a confused frown. Joshua came to a halt at the foot of the wide staircase, gazing up into familiar crystal blue eyes.
Lynna clutched the banister for support as his eyes slowly caressed every square inch of her. If she dared try to take a step her quivering limbs would surely cause her to tumble head first down the steps and land in a crumpled heap at his feet. She was stranded on the stairs, as she could not trust her legs to flee the man’s presence by running either up or down. What a humiliating quandary. Breathe. Just breathe. He is but a man. A flesh and blood man. She sought to still her racing heart and erratic pulse before blood shot from her ears. 
Determined to ignore Joshua, she knew it was her only hope of enduring the night without making a complete fool of herself. She moved on trembling legs with slow, careful steps, lest she trip on the hem of her petticoat before safely reaching the bottom of the stairs. But far from snubbing him, she found herself unable to free her eyes that were being held prisoner by his searing gaze.
“Lynna, I see you have met our dinner guest.” Samuel coughed and repeated the words, neither having heard them the first time. Noticing Lynna’s obvious distress, he hurried to her side.
“N… no,” she stammered, pleading with her eyes for Joshua not to yield their secret. “I have not yet had the pleasure.”
“Then allow me,” Samuel turned to Joshua and said, “This ravishing creature is Lynna Mathison. Lynna, this is Captain Joshua Jordan.”
Only after Joshua’s eyes had leisurely traveled down and then back up her slight, yet fully rounded frame and rested on her face did he extend his hand to take hers and bring it to his soft mouth. Turning her hand over he pressed his warm, moist lips to her palm. “It is indeed a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Miss…ah… Mathison.” He flashed a sensuous smile that seemed to light his entire face and cause his sea green eyes to sparkle. He would have to be very careful for he had almost called her Miss Rhodes.
Lynna’s hand tingled, burned, from his touch. When his lips placed soft kisses on the tender skin of her palm, hot liquid fire traveled from her hand to all parts of her anatomy leaving her stunned and breathless. She again clutched for a banister to steady herself. Then, drawing a shaky breath, she gratefully took the arm Samuel offered and allowed him to escort her into the parlor where the others were watching with no small amount of interest, especially Suzanne.
Joshua had not failed to notice Lynna’s quaking reaction and was pleased to note he had not been so easily dismissed from mind either. In retrospect he hadn’t changed in the last few years, whereas she had blossomed into the most breathtakingly beautiful woman his eyes had ever beheld. Turning to Silas, he remarked, “You do grow stunning women in Georgia, sir.”
“Yes, I will be the first to admit there are some gorgeous women in our fair state.” He beamed proudly. “However few to rival Lynna and Suzanne.” 
“Why, Joshua, honey,” Suzanne quickly left her seat, almost colliding with Beth as she grabbed Joshua’s arm while wheedling for a compliment. “I’m sure some of the young ladies you have met during your travels abroad fair put Lynna and little ole me to shame.”
Ignoring an infuriated Suzanne and looking straightway across the room into Lynna’s azure gaze, Joshua smiled a most besotting smile. “Oh, to be sure, I have had the privilege of meeting some exquisite and exotic females in my travels. But I said it then and I will say it now. I have never seen one more beautiful,” he added as an afterthought, “than the two of you, of course.” Joshua was tempted to reach out and touch Lynna, to see if she was real or only a figment of his imagination. He had dreamed of her so often, dreamed of her standing in front of him just as she was now. Dreamed of her sweet, soft lips and smooth satiny skin. 
Taking a step toward her, he was unaware of what his true intentions were until Beth rushed to grab his arm. “Shall we go in to dinner, Joshua? You must be starving.” Beth had known her reaction would have to be swift in order to avoid a scene. And what a spectacle Suzanne would have created had Joshua succeeded in his mindless endeavor to embrace Lynna. Having witnessed Joshua’s initial reaction to Lynna’s dazzling beauty she realized her sister-in-law was in for a rude awakening. Good grief. She already dreaded that dramatic scene.
Turning to go into the dining room, Lynna felt a warm hand pressing her elbow and relaxed. She needed Samuel’s calming presence and reassuring touch. Clutching his arm she breathed deeply, leaning against him for support as she attempted to still her racing heart.
“All the nights I have dreamed of you, and here I find you practically in my own back yard,” Joshua’s whispered words caressed her ear.
What? Where did he come from? A second ago, Beth had him firmly by the arm and was leading him into the dining room. The odious oaf! Did he expect her to fall breathlessly into his waiting arms again, as she had on the ship? Did he imagine her to still be the young naiveté who had capitulated heedlessly to his lustful advances after a few glasses of port?  
He would soon learn that she was no longer the dewy eyed eighteen year old, unversed in the ways of the world as she had been on his ship. Her uncle had forced the harsh realities of life down her throat shortly after her arrival at Magnolia House. And now, hearing Joshua’s smooth southern drawl so close to her ear caused the memories of his cold, callous treatment to return in a rush. Lynna froze for a second before jerking away from him faster than a duck after a June bug. She turned toward him, lambasting him with her eyes.
“Is anything amiss, my sweet?” he questioned guilelessly.
Moving a few steps away to a more respectable distance, Lynna chose to disregard his question and ask one of her own. “I am certainly not your sweet, Captain Jordan, and shouldn’t you be escorting Suzanne? You are her dinner guest, are you not?”
He once again flashed a disarming smile that sent her heart to flutter wildly. “I have terrible manners, to be sure. I almost didn’t come tonight.” Moving even closer, he slid his hand down her arm to rest on the small of her back. “Only now I see what a grave error in judgment that would have been on my part. Believe me, Lynna, I would not have missed this night for the world.”
Trying to remain aloof, she gave him a withering glare, calmly moving out of his reach. “Sir, you forget yourself. Please do not attempt to besmirch my reputation by forcing your unwanted attentions on me.”
Joshua threw back his head and laughed uproariously, then leaned toward her to whisper, “Madame, I have never found it necessary to force myself on any woman, as you should well recall.”
Lynna’s outraged gasp drew the attention of everyone, including Suzanne, who glared at her with blazing eyes. She hurried to the table, relieved to find her place between Daniel Fletcher and her aunt, who were observing her with questioning eyes.
Suzanne had made a point of being seated next to Joshua, but try as she might she had been unable to gain the man’s full attention. He dutifully answered her questions, but his gaze remained firmly fixed on Lynna. It was Silas who succeeded in gaining Joshua’s attention with a question about Sea Grove.
With Joshua’s head turned to answer Silas, Lynna took the opportunity to peruse him more closely. He was just as she remembered, not a hair on his head had changed. And she remembered him well. Watching as he carelessly brushed a lock of raven hair from his forehead, Lynna was just getting to an inspection of his exquisitely chiseled jaw and broad, muscular shoulders when his head suddenly turned toward her and their eyes locked. She quickly pivoted her head toward her aunt, but not before seeing his emerald gaze dip purposefully to her breasts. 
Her cheeks flushed crimson as she realized the man had lost none of his brash effrontery. Ignoring him she placed a trembling hand to her throat, hoping to slow her erratic pulse, which now pounded in her temple. Turning to her aunt to speak, she decided that under no circumstances would she look his way again. 
At that very moment Samuel drew the rapt attention of every occupant in the room by tapping on the side of his glass with a spoon and addressing Lynna with a broad smile. “Lynna, darling, rumor has it that you have accepted my brother’s proposal and I may soon have the honor of claiming you as my sister-in-law.”


Chapter 10 



His sister-in-law! Heavenly days. This night was taking disastrous turns by leaps and bounds. Lynna nearly choked on her food as her aunt commenced to pounding on her back. When she could breathe again, she took a sip of Madeira and turned to Judith, who seemed completely befuddled by Samuel’s startling announcement. How dare Daniel! He had informed Samuel that they were to be wed, when she had repeatedly refused his proposal of marriage. However one glance at Daniel’s apologetic expression assured her that he was every bit as startled by Samuel’s remarks as she herself had been. 
Drawing a deep, steadying breath, Lynna released it slowly and asked in as calm a voice as she could muster under the circumstances, “May I ask where you gathered this information, Samuel?”
Samuel had known Lynna long enough to realize that even though her temper was rare, she was indeed in possession of one. He could also tell by her glittering eyes that the emotion she was trying so desperately to conceal was threatening to spill forth at any moment. “Evidently I was misinformed. Perhaps I was a bit hasty in my eagerness to welcome you into the family fold, Lynna. Now don’t go getting your feathers all ruffled. As usual, Suzanne was the rumormonger.” He glanced askance at his sister, but she only shrugged. “She was so overjoyed at the news she had to tell someone. You know my sister never could keep a secret.”
Daniel cast an adoring smile at Lynna and took the opportunity to set the record straight. “It’s true. I have asked Lynna to become my wife, that is no secret. As yet she has not consented. Rest assured that I will keep trying until I eventually wear her down.” With a loving smile he added, “I don’t mean to cause you undue pressure, my darling. But by the same token, if the matter were left exclusively up to me we would be man and wife before the sun sets tonight.”
“Perfect timing,” Samuel joked, teasing his younger brother.
“Lynna dear, you take all the time you need to be sure.” Mary smiled, giving Samuel a chastising glance for his off color remark. “Daniel will simply have to be patient. Why, I myself have always been partial to fall weddings.”
Lynna lowered her eyes, feeling miserable. How could she tell Daniel’s mother that after tonight, after the effect the handsome sea captain was having on her emotions, she was more sure than ever that she could not marry her son? 
As usual Suzanne jumped in feet first to make matters much worse. “Oh, Mother, honestly. We all know Lynna and Daniel will eventually wed. We have known it for months now. Why not proceed with the festivities? We haven’t had a decent party in ages.” She looked at Lynna with a fake smile and eyes that were shooting daggers. “Why, their wedding would be the social event of the season.”
Lynna marveled at whether she was to have any input whatsoever on the subject of her own betrothal.
Mary hushed her outspoken daughter with a stern glance. “Suzanne, you do not make a decision as important as marriage simply because it is the social season. Whenever they decide to wed will be reason to celebrate.”
Joshua had held his breath during most of their conversation, fearing that Lynna might even be considering accepting Daniel’s proposal. But when he caught her eyes and witnessed the pain reflected in their sorrowful blue depths, he knew he had nothing to fear. It was obvious she had no desire to wed Daniel Fletcher. Yet his family, each of them it seemed, was pressuring her into holy matrimony. Why did that thought rip at his gut so?
Inwardly Lynna groaned. She loved Mary and Silas deeply and hurting them was what she least wanted to do. It was unfortunate, that should she refuse their son, evidently they too would feel the sting of rejection. It was a hopeless situation, one with no easy way out. No way to avoid someone getting their feelings trampled.
A deep voice speaking her name brought Lynna out of her reverie. “How long will you be visiting Charleston, Lynna?” Joshua queried before biting into a chunk of savory venison. 
It was some moments before she found her voice as his twinkling green eyes fused with hers. “I’m not sure, exactly.” She didn’t miss the sparks that shot from Suzanne’s eyes at his soft words. If looks could kill. “Samuel and Beth were kind enough to invite us and we certainly hope not to overstay our welcome.”
“Impossible,” Samuel assured her. “You and Judith are family, and more than welcome to stay as long as you wish.” Turning to his wife, he added, “Right, darling?'
“Absolutely, our home is your home.” Beth’s warm smile convinced them her words were sincere.
Lynna was grateful that Daniel had been engrossed in conversation throughout dinner and hadn’t noticed Joshua’s unwavering attention. She didn’t dare hope Suzanne had, by some grand stroke of luck, overlooked it as well. She had glanced up from toying with her food several times to find Suzanne glaring at her with untold volumes of hatred shining in her glistening eyes. The message her eyes had imparted was clear. “He is mine. Stay away.”
After dinner, during which Lynna had been unable to take a single bite of food for fear her fork would fall clattering to her plate, or she would choke on a mouthful of turnip greens, the group adjourned to the parlor. Lynna went to stand by the open side doors to breathe the cool scented breeze as flashes of lightning began to play across the sky and distant thunder rumbled.
Mary seemed quite interested in her daughter’s latest beau. “Joshua, Suzanne tells us you are the captain of your own ship, but that you have docked the vessel while you oversee your family’s plantation.” 
“That is correct, madam.” A hint of sadness crept into Joshua’s voice as he looked at Lynna with undisguised longing. “The Windjammer will weather her storms without me henceforth.”
Hearing the name of the ship caused another flood of memories to sweep over Lynna, leaving her visibly shaken. Ever observant, Joshua didn’t fail to notice her reaction.
“That is very admirable on your part,” Mary stated. “But after all your years at sea I fear plantation life may be a drastic change and even a bit boring.”
“Now don’t go feeling sorry for Joshua, Mother.” Samuel grinned, slapping Joshua on the back. “It is without warrant, I assure you. Captain Jordan has enough memories stockpiled to last the average man a lifetime.” Winking at Joshua, he added, “Don’t you, my friend?”
Once again Joshua’s eyes sought Lynna as he spoke softly, “I have many treasured memories from the Windjammer, true, but only one that was unforgettable and routinely torments my dreams.”
Everyone in the room witnessed this passionate exchange. It was then that Mary gave up all hope of ever having Joshua as her son-in-law. Unfortunately, it was painfully obvious that her daughter did not accept defeat quite so gracefully. She rushed to take Joshua’s arm, pressing her bosom against him as she fluttered her lashes wildly, successfully embarrassing her family. “It’s such a beautiful evening, Captain Jordan. Could we perhaps take a round through the garden?”
Lynna needed to be away from Joshua’s suffocating nearness and Suzanne’s persistent whining. “It has been such an exhausting day,” she said to Beth. “If you will excuse me, I will retire for the evening.”
Joshua immediately pulled away from Suzanne, leaving her positively livid, and hurried to Lynna’s side. She feared his purpose was to seduce her then and there as he gripped her small hand in his. “I hope to get the chance to visit with you again before you return to Georgia,” was mercifully all he said.
Glancing over his shoulder, Lynna cringed at the unbridled rage in Suzanne’s eyes. At that moment her greatest desire was to be away from them both. Jerking her hand from his she bid everyone good night and raced up the stairs. Why had she come here? 
Once in the safety of her room, she slipped into a pale pink nightgown and fell breathless and numb on the bed with her mind a chaotic jumble. If only she could return to Georgia tonight. Why did Joshua have to live nearby? Why did her skin burn where he touched her? Why did he smell so good? And why, oh why, did he have to be so sinfully handsome? For these and other questions she had no rational answers.
Accepting that sleep would be a long time in coming, she went to stand on the balcony, watching as lightning flashed in jagged forks across the sky and booming thunder drew nearer. A gust of wind blew across the land to rustle the leaves and cool her heated skin as she leaned over the balcony and breathed deeply of the unmistakable smell of rain. The moon cast its golden glow over the earth, lending to it a rosy hue as a multitude of insects played their nightly concert.
“Good night, my sweet,” his southern drawl drifted to her on a warm breeze. “I fear sleep will abandon me tonight as well.”
Joshua didn’t miss her muffled gasp. As one hand flew to her mouth the other clutched her gown more tightly around her bosom. Evidently Suzanne had failed in her effort to secure a private audience with him.
His deep laughter echoed in the still night. “I don’t suppose you could be persuaded to come out and take a walk with me?”
“You should have accepted Suzanne’s invitation, sir. I can assure you that I have no desire or intention of ever spending time in your presence again.” Incredulous, she spun around and rushed into the room, confident that if she ignored him he would go away. 
After waiting for what seemed like an eternity and hearing nothing, she tiptoed to the balcony, peering over the railing.
“Just as I feared.” He grinned, blowing her a seductive kiss. “We will have our walk soon, my sweet.” With those words he turned, and Lynna could hear him whistling softly as his horse trotted into the night. 
 “You had your walk… and so much more, Captain Jordan.” 


Joshua spurred his horse forward as fat drops of rain splashed his face, quickly soaking his clothes. Heat lightning flashed across the sky illuminating the heavens in a brilliant display. A triumphant grin spread across his face as he raced across the field toward home at a full gallop. Good! The pouring rain would prevent Suzanne from going to the pond to wait for him. The girl was too demanding by far. He had been with her almost nightly during the last few months and she never seemed satisfied. Hell, he doubted if one man was even capable of such a herculean feat. No doubt there would be hell to pay when he put a halt to their nocturnal rendezvous, but it must be done.
He still could hardly comprehend the fact that Lynna’s Aunt Judith was employed by the Fletchers, and Lynna had been living with them since leaving his ship in Charleston. Many times Suzanne had pleaded and pouted with him to visit her family home and he had promptly dismissed her requests. Had he known Lynna was in residence he might have been a frequent visitor at Magnolia House and worn out his welcome months ago. 
The mystical Lynna had certainly woven an enchanted spell over him. Many was the night he had lain awake in his lonely cabin and brought her clearly to mind, often wondering if she was safe and out of harm’s way, while at the same time longing for the feel of her soft, ample curves against his burning skin. He had been content with his dalliance with the insatiable Suzanne, and many gratifying encounters with the provocative upstairs maid Juanita. Until now. 
The memory of his passionate encounter with Lynna was as fresh as if it had happened only yesterday. He laughed out loud remembering how his heart had thundered in his chest at dinner when Samuel had inquired about her marriage plans. Greatly relieved, his galloping heart had returned to its normal rhythm after realizing the lady had no desire or intent of speaking her vows anytime soon. That left the door wide open for him and he didn’t intend to waste a single minute. 
They could make a fresh start. Granted, he had been wrong in his careless treatment of Lynna, but after seeing her tonight he could no longer deny his feelings. She ignited a fire in his loins that no other woman could come close to smothering and he would not allow her to slip through his fingers again. “Will you marry me, Joshua?” she had asked once. If she were to ask that question of him today she would most likely get a very different response than she had then. True, he had been a colossal fool. But now, with his decision made, he arrived home soaked to the skin, feeling better than he had in…three years.

Suzanne sat by the pond, her wet hair plastered to her head and her soaking wet clothes clinging to her shivering body. She was in a glorious rage. Somehow she had known Joshua would not make an appearance tonight. He had met her almost every night during the past several weeks. And now, the very night that treacherous slut arrived, he neglected to meet her. Oh true, there was a torrential downpour at present, but had it detained her from coming? Hell, no. If he was as eager to be with her as she was him would a little rainfall deter him? Suzanne was certain of one thing. Joshua was not at fault here. Lynna was. 
She hadn’t failed to notice how the shameless hussy had practically thrown herself at the poor man at dinner. What red blooded man wouldn’t have been sorely tempted by such an open display of wantonness? Oh, Lynna desired Joshua that much was obvious. Any fool could see that. But if she got her hands on him it would be after Suzanne’s cold, dead body was rotting in the ground. 


Chapter 11  



The rain poured down steadily throughout the night, drumming on the tin roof and settling the occupants of Cedar Hill into a peaceful slumber. By morning the lawn was standing in several inches of water and turning the oyster shell driveway into slush. Still the rain continued to fall over the hushed plantation.
The field hands enjoyed a day of much needed rest and most were still abed, however those who were awake were smiling broadly as the rain turned the fields to mire, assuring them of at least one more day from the fields.
Going to her balcony door, Lynna saw that the storm had set in to stay. The sky was a leaden, ominous grey, draping an eerie cloak of darkness over the land as far as she could see, and promising more rain to come. Dressed in warm clothes against the damp chill that invaded the house, she proceeded downstairs in search of a steaming cup of coffee. She also had in mind to sample the country ham and buttered biscuits that smelled positively divine.
“Lynna,” Bethany Breanne called from the dining room. “Will you sit beside me at breakfast? Please?”
Lynna scooped the darling child into her arms and tickled her ribs, sending her into peals of laughter. “I cannot imagine anyone I would rather sit next to.”
“I can,” Suzanne sneered behind her. “You may hope to entice Joshua with your flirtatious ways, but let me assure you that you will not succeed. I noticed, as did everyone else, how you batted your lashes throughout dinner, dallying with him like the common white trash that you are.” 
Lynna’s own temper was beginning to rise. Suzanne was jealous and spiteful, that was painfully obvious. “None of the accusations you have leveled against me are true, Suzanne,” she spat, arching her eyebrow meaningfully. “And if you will recall, I was not the one making overtures last night. It was your Captain Jordan who seemed to have some difficulty keeping his hands to himself.”
Suzanne gasped, incensed. “Why, you devious little twit. You would give Daniel up just like that, wouldn’t you?” Snapping her fingers under Lynna’s nose, she gritted, “You never had any intention of marrying him, did you? You were just toying with him until you found a man with a wealthier purse. And you think my Joshua is that man? Be warned, Lynna, he is mine.”
Bethany Breanne’s voice chirped in, “Joshua called Lynna his sweet last night, didn’t he, Lynna? The thunderbolts woke us and Lucy and I went to my balcony. He was talking to you under your balcony during the storm, wasn’t he, Lynna?”
Suzanne’s blood boiled as she mentally counted off the ways she could cause Lynna a slow and painful death, while she watched a betraying blush stain the slut’s cheek. Of all the nights she and Joshua had spent together making love until sunrise, he had never once used that, or any other term of endearment with her. Spinning on her heels, she fled the room, humiliation causing her cheeks to flame. 
So, the little brat had heard Joshua’s words as well as that prying bitch, Lucy, her nanny. Suzanne knew Lucy would giggle and gossip about the incident for days, causing all the housemaids to snicker behind her back. She had to put a stop to this nonsense before it got further out of hand.

~*~

The rain continued even heavier than before. Lynna passed the morning lounging in her room and reading to Bethany Breanne. After lunch, she stitched needlepoint with the other ladies, huddled close to the fire. All of the ladies except Suzanne, who remained closeted in her room. Lynna enjoyed the peaceful day, and by nightfall was pleasantly tired, quickly drifting off to a dream laced sleep with visions of a swarthy, raven haired sea captain.

~*~

Two days later, the rain still fell. The river rose rapidly, swelling out of its banks and flooding the lowlands, causing a sizable loss in profits. That was one of the risks taken when planting in the rich fertile soil abutting the river. Just before dark, the men were returning from the stables, drenched, when Joshua galloped up on his magnificent black stallion. The ladies rushed to the verandah, fearful that only bad news would bring him out in such inclement weather.
“Two fools from the Moorehead Plantation tried to cross the river,” he shouted, trying to be heard above the pouring rain, tipping his hat at Lynna, and not so much as noticing Suzanne. “The ferry broke loose from its mooring. I strongly doubt they survived, but we should form a search party, nonetheless.”
Samuel and Daniel immediately mounted and followed Joshua, all the while realizing the chances of the men being found alive were slim, indeed. 
It was a sad reminder of the evils of slavery when two men were willing to risk crossing the swollen river. It was suicide, and as they feared, they were unable to rescue the runaway slaves, who treasured their freedom more than their lives. Ike Forrest, who ran the ferry on daily trips across the river, had tied it up and spent the rainy days inland. He never knew two courageous souls had attempted to brave the raging water until it was too late to warn them.
The rain finally stopped three days later and the bodies of the men were found far downriver. The two men were interred at the bottom of the hill, since the superstition prevailed that wherever a drowning victim was laid to rest, water would eventually cover his grave. 


~*~


After a few days of warm sunshine and a steady breeze, the ground was dry enough for Lynna to venture outside. Vowing she could not have stood one more day of being cooped up in the house with the insufferable Suzanne, she skipped down the steps in search of Daniel, hoping to persuade him to go riding. She would gladly face his pressuring questions of matrimony this morning in exchange for an opportunity to get away from Suzanne’s veiled barbs. But, unfortunately, the days of forced confinement had left Samuel’s chores backed up and Daniel had volunteered to help with his brother’s tasks.
Before Lynna could ride off on her own, which she would have dearly loved, Suzanne came traipsing out of the house looking elegant in a midnight blue velvet riding habit. She had a matching sunbonnet tied under her chin with three feet of streaming satin, and the brim pulled low over her face. “Are you two going riding?” 
“Lynna is,” Daniel replied. “I was just coming to find you so the two of you could go together. I promised to help Samuel today and I prefer she not go riding alone.”
“Daniel, honestly, I am quite capable of riding without a chaperone tagging along, for heaven’s sake,” Lynna admonished, unknowingly striking a most alluring pose with her hands on her hips and eyes flashing. Daniel had successfully sent her pleasant day to hell in a hand basket.
“Don’t be a goose, Lynna. I shall accompany you.” Suzanne scurried past Lynna into the stables and returned leading two chestnut mares. “If I have to remain inside that house another second I shall simply go stark raving mad.”
It would be a short trip, Lynna thought sourly. But she didn’t question Suzanne’s sudden mood change. At least she would be out of the house and enjoying the glorious sunshine. 
Saddled up, they cantered down the path behind the house at a leisurely pace. Lynna held her face to the sun, soaking up the rays as a warm breeze fanned her hair behind her. Feeling lighthearted and wanting to feel the wind, she glanced over at Suzanne, who refused to allow her horse to move at a pace above a trot, lest an errant breeze muss her elaborately styled coiffeur. Throwing caution aside, Lynna raced with the wind, leaving a preoccupied Suzanne far behind. 
She was some distance ahead, racing at a speed most would consider risky on a sidesaddle, laughing gaily, when she spotted a lone figure watching her from the shadows of a sycamore tree. She immediately recognized the black hair and broad shoulders. Must he be at every turn? Her first impulse was to turn and rejoin Suzanne, but his horse was already trotting toward her.
“Hello, Lynna.” Joshua’s eyes moved over her slowly and appreciatively, pausing often at points of interest. “You look enchanting this morning, as usual. How fortunate for me that you should appear just when I was thinking of you.”
 When she ignored his compliment, he continued, “I have been desiring a private moment with you. Would you care for some company?” His sea green eyes pleaded with her to be agreeable. “We could ride down by the river.”
The man’s arrogance knew no bounds. “Captain Jordan, it would seem you either suffer from hearing loss, dementia, or a sad combination of both. I have told you in English as well as French that I do not wish to have any private moments with you ever again. I made a huge mistake once, but I have put it behind me. Now, I would be eternally grateful if you would do the same.”
“Ah…but what would it hurt, my sweet?” He smiled, showing perfect white teeth. “Or are you perhaps afraid to be alone with me? Afraid you would not be able to…”
“To do what, Captain Jordan?” she snapped. “Resist your irresistible charm?”
“Those were your words, not mine,” he chuckled. “But yes, something alone those lines.”
“Then you, sir, are sadly mistaken. I would be perfectly content to never lay eyes on you again. In fact, it was a rather marvelous day, until you rode up. Now, I ask only to be left alone.”
“And what if I choose not to do as you ask?”  His dancing eyes dimmed as they flickered only briefly over Suzanne when she appeared from behind a thicket of trees.
“You have no choice in the matter whatsoever, sir.” Lynna answered with a definite tilt of her pert nose. “The decision has already been made for you.”
Suzanne positively glowed upon seeing Joshua, and suddenly snatched off her bonnet after noticing Lynna’s golden locks flowing past her waist She yanked the pins haphazardly from her hair to shake it loose in what she hoped was a provocative gesture. “Why Joshua, I certainly did not expect to see you this morning. What a pleasant surprise.”
“I was assessing the damage to the crops when the river left its banks.” He smiled lazily, lighting a cheroot and sending smoke circling around his head. “I was just asking Lynna if she cared to accompany…”
Suzanne interrupted him, having no qualms with either including herself in the invitation or answering for both of them. “Why, we would love to, Joshua. How very considerate of you to ask. I feared I might take leave of my sanity being shut up in that dreary house with that noisy and bothersome child. It simply baffles me why children feel the incessant need to prattle on and on about such inconsequential things.” 
Suzanne surreptitiously steered her horse next to Joshua’s. “Why, I might become as famous as Mr. Eli Whitney and his cotton gin were I to invent a muzzle for little girls,” she laughed gaily, totally dominating the conversation and leaving Lynna to follow behind, which suited her fine. From this angle, she could observe Joshua at her leisure without him ever knowing, and hopefully not get caught in the act this time.
Joshua knew he was being watched when the hair on the back of his neck stood up. He smiled broadly, leaving Suzanne with the mistaken impression that he truly delighted in her inane chatter.
The land was fresh and green after the rain, the fields a gay riot of wildflowers. Joshua nudged his horse off the main path onto a narrow trail that led through the woods. The damp leaves muffled the sound of the horse’s hooves, with the only noise being the flapping of wings as frightened birds left the trees in droves.
“Ouch,” Lynna cried as a limb in front of her that was bent back by Suzanne, whether intentional or not, slapped her sharply across the face. Rubbing her stinging cheek, she could already feel an ugly, red welt rising. Clenching her teeth and muttering under her breath, she drew back and allowed them to proceed some distance ahead of her. Suzanne could be a royal pain in the derriere, especially when she was jealous, and the green eyed monster was perched high on her shoulder today.
A short while later, they left the forest and entered a clearing dazzled by iridescent sunlight glittering off a sparkling pond. Lynna was about to dismount when, much to her dismay, yet still not as much as Suzanne’s, strong, deeply tanned hands gently lifted her from the saddle. She glanced toward Suzanne and noticed her mouth forming a perfect O of outrage. However, caring little for Suzanne’s infuriated stance, instead of releasing her immediately, Joshua’s hands remained tightly clasped around her tiny waist. The pressure of his hands brought back such passionate memories that in Lynna had to struggle with the urge to brush her lips against his as he lowered her to the ground. 
Why did this man affect her so? The feeling was so strong it was almost impossible to deny. She could almost taste his lips on hers. Thank God Suzanne was only a few feet away or she might have succumbed to the unrelenting urge.
“What about me?” Suzanne whined, sounding on the verge of a childish temper tantrum. “Would you have me break my neck taking leave of this huge beast unassisted?” The high color in her cheeks was the only sign of the fury mounting inside her.
Ever the gentleman, but with great reluctance, Joshua released Lynna noticing the vivid red welt rising on her cheek. Guessing correctly that Suzanne was to blame for marring her porcelain skin, he wrested her rather unceremoniously from her steed.
“Well,” she hissed, smoothing her skirt. “I would have been better off falling from the blasted thing.”
Lynna could not suppress a giggle, which she quickly tried to cover. Too late, it only served to infuriate Suzanne and caused her eyes to blaze with smothered fury. 
Releasing a seething Suzanne, Joshua returned to Lynna’s side to gently take her hand and lead her to the pond. “Allow me put some cool water on your face. Perhaps it will take some of the sting out. Or,” he whispered for her ears only, “I would be more than agreeable should you desire me to kiss away the pain.”
She was about to sting his ears with a sharp retort when she felt herself being drawn down beside him to the water’s edge, watching as he dipped his kerchief in the cool water and with a feathery touch gently caressed her cheek. His touch was soothing and immediately removed any trace of pain from her skin, leaving in its place a warm, tingling sensation that left her face and rapidly spread throughout her midsection to parts beyond.
Joshua witnessed her struggle to remain aloof and his willpower altogether deserted him. The world around them ceased to exist as his hands moved behind her head, through silky golden hair and his mouth descended to hers. His lips were so close he could feel her warm breath against his cheek. Suddenly a splash, followed by a cooling spray of water, made them both glance up. 
Horrified, Lynna’s hands flew to her mouth as Suzanne cavorted in the pond, absent her clothes, with her small breasts bobbing on the water.
Suzanne laughed derisively at Lynna’s shocked expression oh horror. “Lynna, honey, close your mouth before a dragonfly flies in it, and come join me.” Then to Joshua, “The water is heavenly, Joshua. Much warmer than it was last week when we got chilled to the bone before…”
“Enough, Suzanne!” Joshua warned.
Totally ignoring him, she gushed, “Oh, don’t be shy, darling. Lynna knows how we feel about each other, don’t you, Lynna? We don’t have to hide our true feelings around her.”
“I said that was enough,” Joshua ground out between clenched teeth.
Heading toward her horse and intent on fleeing Suzanne’s humiliating display, Lynna was stopped by Joshua’s hand on her shoulder. “Don’t leave, Lynna. I don’t expect you to remove your clothes and join her.”
“How very generous of you.” She thrust his hand away and again headed for her horse. “However, I do not intend to be a witness to Suzanne’s appalling lack of morals.”
“Please stay, Lynna.” He grabbed her hand, seemingly not at all shocked by Suzanne’s wanton behavior. That should have been some indication that the man was accustomed to viewing Suzanne in all her glory, but she was too besotted by his devilish grin to think rationally. “Let’s take a walk until she cools off. Hopefully she will get dressed and forget this ever happened.”
Reasoning that Joshua could not be blamed for Suzanne’s disgraceful conduct any more than she could, she allowed him to take her elbow as they moved toward the shadow of the trees. After all, he was an innocent bystander to Suzanne’s revolting escapades, and his dreamy eyes were coming closer, fusing with hers, his moist, soft lips inches...
“Joshua, honey, are you coming in?” Suzanne called, standing temptingly so that her bosom jutted out of the water. “We have not been able to meet here in forever because of the rain. But we are here now, and I’m sure Lynna could be prevailed upon to leave us alone for a short while. Couldn’t you, Lynna?”
“Certainly.” Incensed by Suzanne’s words, Lynna snatched up her skirts and raced to her horse. Joshua had brought her to the very spot where he and Suzanne…?”
Joshua was behind her, trying to help her mount, but she roughly brushed his hands away. How could she have been so blind? Such a naïve fool. Of course they were lovers. His arrogant attitude should have told her that he was accustomed to having any woman he desired at his beck and call, just as he had her and countless others before her. Now it was painfully obvious he had tired of Suzanne and was ready to discard her like yesterday’s stale bread and start anew with her. What a fool she had been! Without a word, she mounted her horse and raced from the clearing.
A dark scowl crossed Joshua’s handsome features as he watched Suzanne’s dripping body leave the water and amble slowly toward him. Easing her slippery arms around his neck, she pressed her wet, naked curves against him, attempting to pull his lips down to hers. He pushed her away more roughly than he had intended.
“Is there a problem, darling?” she whispered huskily, urgently desiring to feel him inside her. “I knew you would appreciate my getting rid of Little Miss Prude so we could be alone.” Reaching for him, she was frustrated once more as Joshua again sidestepped her intended embrace. “It has been such a long time and I know you are as eager for my touch as I am yours.”
“Appreciate it,” he stormed incredulously. “Appreciate the fact that you behaved like a common whore?”
“Whore?” Her face flamed and she took a step back as though she had been struck. “If I behave like a whore, sir, it is because you made me one.”
“Oh, no,” he spat ruthlessly. “Your wares had been sampled long before I sailed into your life. I was but one of many.” His temper somewhat abated, his voice softened, hoping they could end this on amicable terms. “It was enjoyable for us both while it lasted, Suzanne. But it is over.”
“Over,” she cried, astonished and unable to believe her own ears. “What are you saying? Over? You cannot mean that. You love me, Joshua. I know you do. I have been patiently awaiting a proposal of marriage.”
“Marriage?”  Of all the fool notions. Hoping not to upset the girl overmuch, Joshua spoke more calmly. “Unfortunately you were dreadfully mistaken. I never promised you anything other than a good time and unless I miss my guess, I believe I fulfilled my part of the bargain, Suzanne.”
With rising despair, Suzanne watched him mount his steed and ride away, leaving her naked, dripping, and humiliated beyond words. In search of Lynna, no doubt. She had ruined everything. Suzanne closed her eyes, visualizing Joshua’s hands roaming over the strumpet’s more ample curves, whispering sweet words of devotion. That must never happen. 
She would not lose Joshua, especially to poor white trash like Lynna. Why, the silly girl would not have a single coin to bring to a marriage. And besides, Joshua was the only man in her entire life Suzanne had ever truly coveted. She would not lose him.

Lynna arrived home completely distraught and unobserved, so she was able to slip quietly into her room. Throwing herself on the bed, she silently gazed out the window at the fluffy fields of white and cursed herself for being so naive. 
It was over an hour later when Suzanne arrived home with a wide, satisfied smile and came straightway to her room to gloat. “Lynna, why on earth did you leave in such a fired up tizzy?”  
“I saw no reason to stay and watch you degrade yourself, Suzanne.”
“Degrade myself?” Suzanne’s laughter was keen as she waltzed around the room. “You never cease to amaze me, Lynna. Why, I did not feel degraded at all, quite the contrary. By the way, you have perfect timing. After you left, Joshua joined me for a swim. Then, afterwards we lay down in the sun to…um…dry.”
“Are you saying you paraded around him without your clothes?” Lynna tried to conceal her shock, as nothing Suzanne did should surprise her anymore.
“Lynna, dear, when will you lose that childhood innocence? It is difficult to satisfy a man, especially one as lusty as my Joshua, while still fully clothed. A real man likes to see what he has in his hands.” 
Lynna was appalled by her words. “Suzanne, your behavior is like that of a common whore in the red light district. I cannot believe you could have so little respect for yourself.”
Suzanne’s hands clenched tightly by her sides and her breathing became shallow as she heard Lynna call her the very same word Joshua had used earlier. Swallowing the rage boiling in her throat, she forced her voice to remain calm. It would never do for the trollop to see how upset she truly was. No, she must convince Lynna that she and Joshua had spent the better part of the afternoon happily ensconced in each other’s arms. “Respect is boring. I choose to spend my life in pursuit of exciting endeavors. With a man like Joshua, what more could a girl wish for?” 
Suzanne began to undress, shedding her clothes carelessly in a heap on the floor. “He was tremendous today, by the way. I could have happily remained in those strong, masculine arms until morning.” Picking her clothes off the floor with a contented sigh she started for her room in her chemise. “I’m going to take a nap. Joshua insists I meet him by the pond again tonight and I have no intention of disappointing him. The man simply cannot seem to get his fill of me.”
As Suzanne closed the door, Lynna could feel only pity for the girl. She sympathized with anyone in love with the devil incarnate, Joshua Jordan. 

At breakfast the following morning, Lynna received a chilly reception from Suzanne. Being well accustomed to her vacillating moods, Lynna ignored her intended gibe. “Lynna, didn’t you sleep well, darling? Your eyes seem puffy this morning, almost as if you had been crying.”
“No, not at all. I slept very well, thank you.” 
“I think she looks positively ravishing.” Daniel came up to slip his arms around her from behind. “How would you like to take that ride this morning, Lynna? I trust Samuel can spare me and there is no one I would rather spend my day with.” 
“I would love to, Daniel. Just give me a moment to change.” She was midway up the stairs before remembering her manners. “Would you care to join us, Suzanne?”
Politely covering a yawn, Suzanne replied, “Not unless you intend to ride on Sea Grove acreage.”
“Sorry, Sis,” Daniel said. “But we plan to ride on Samuel’s property today.” 
“Then certainly not.” Suzanne cast a meaningful glance toward Lynna. “I didn’t get very much sleep at all last night and intend to spend the morning in bed.”
“Suit yourself.” Lynna heard Daniel’s relieved reply as she continued up the stairs.

The land surrounding Cedar Hill was lush green dotted with morning glories and purple heather. Lynna breathed deeply of the fresh morning air. “The lowcountry of South Carolina is beautiful. I see why Samuel never returned to Georgia. Well that, and Beth.”
“It dims in comparison to your beauty.” Daniel brought up the topic she had desperately hoped to avoid today. “Do you have an answer to my marriage proposal, Lynna?”
Slipping from her horse, she bent to pluck a handful of heather. “I must confess I have been so busy lately, I found little time to think...” she blundered.
“Well, whenever you can squeeze it into your busy agenda, slip in a thought of me now and then.”
He attempted to laugh it off, but she saw the effect of her reckless words and rushed to take him into her arms. “Daniel, you know that is not what I meant. I think about you quite often. It’s just that when I get married... and I just don’t…”
“You just don’t love me,” he finished the sentence for her. The pain was evident in his eyes as his finally admitted the truth to himself. “I could change your mind if you would let me. I could make you happy, Lynna. Please, give me the chance to prove it.” Pulling her roughly against him, he pressed his lips to hers in a passionate kiss. But it was useless. “Lynna, what must I do to make you love me?” he cried, when his most heartfelt kiss failed to arouse even the smallest response from her.
The sound of pounding hooves was a welcome interruption. Lynna turned in his arms to see Joshua sitting rigidly in his saddle and watching her intently with an angry countenance. “Pardon the intrusion. Please accept my apology and resume what you were doing.” He jerked the reins and left in a cloud of dust in an effort to keep from strangling the younger, innocent man.
“I wonder what got into him?” Daniel queried. “I’ve never seen him behave so rudely. But here comes Suzanne. If anyone can cheer him up, my sister can.”
“So, you decided to join us after all?” Lynna smiled tumultuously at Suzanne, thankful she would not be alone with Daniel. 
Evidently, he had other plans. “Suzanne, if you hurry, you can catch up with Joshua.”
“Joshua was here?” She brightened as her eyes darted around, scanning the landscape for any sign of him. “Where? Which way did he go?”
Daniel pointed to where the dust was just settling from Joshua’s abrupt departure. “Toward the pond, but be warned, he was in a huff about something.”
“You have no cause to concern yourself about me, Daniel Fletcher.” Lynna knew Suzanne’s bright smile was entirely for her benefit. “I can handle Captain Jordan.”
As Suzanne rode off in search of Joshua, and with Daniel’s back turned, Lynna quickly mounted her own steed. “I would like to return home now, Daniel.”
“If you insist. However I was hoping we could find a cool spot under a shade tree and have a few moments alone.”
Unfortunately that was the last thing she would even consider doing today. “I’m sorry, Daniel, but it has become awfully hot and I have developed a simply dreadful headache. Perhaps we could have a picnic another day.” 


Chapter 12  



Lynna was in the parlor a few hours later arranging flowers in a vase when Beth came traipsing down the stairs. “Lynna, those flowers are lovely. How very considerate of you to pick them. I tend to agree with my mother in law. You really are the sweetest thing.”
“It is but a small token of my gratitude for your gracious hospitality.”
Samuel chose that moment to come bustling through the door. “What have you prepared for the noon day meal, wench? Your husband is ravenous!”
“Samuel Fletcher!” Beth giggled merrily as he grabbed her in a passionate embrace and twirled her around. “What will Lynna think?”
“She will think the truth, of course, which is that we are deliriously happy and cannot tolerate being apart.” He gave her a sly wink before adding, “Besides, Joshua observed her and Daniel doing the same thing just this morning.”
The glass flower vase Lynna had been holding crashed to the floor with a loud shattering as water quickly covered the front of her dress. “What did you say?”
“Damn, I did it again,” Samuel whispered to his wife before quickly jumping to Joshua’s defense. “Don’t go into conniptions, Lynna. He wasn’t being gossipy or anything,” he assured her, hastening to pick up the flowers and the broken vase before anyone could get cut on one of the shards. 
However, Lynna was not to be placated. “I certainly cannot think of a better word to describe it. He had no business repeating something that was absolutely none of his concern to begin with. The man should attend to his own affairs and leave mine be.”
“Now, Lynna, just calm down. There is no call to get so riled up. Joshua was simply curious as to, well, what the situation is between you and Daniel.”
“Were you kind enough to inform him that what I do is none of his concern?” 
“No, but I was kind enough to tell him the truth, which is that Daniel desires you for his wife. But he knew that already. He was actually inquiring about your feelings toward my brother.”
“And what did you tell him?”
“That I honestly could not say.” Samuel laid the chunks of broken glass on the sideboard and moved to stand before her. Placing his hands on Lynna’s trembling shoulders, he gazed into her deep, blue eyes. “If I am not mistaken, my little brother has some stiff competition for your affections, Lynna.”
Lynna was still far from forgiving Joshua for meddling in her affairs. “Let me assure you, Samuel, Daniel has no cause for alarm where Joshua Jordan is concerned.” 
The front door slammed and all eyes turned to see a glowing Suzanne. Lynna’s ire died immediately in her throat as she witnessed her satisfied smile. “Evidently, you found Joshua?” 
Suzanne bestowed upon her an expression of pure bliss. “Actually, we found each other.” Shaking her head she put a finger to her lips and whispered, “Come upstairs.”
Lynna climbed the stairs with mounting dread. Why did the thought of Suzanne and Joshua together rip at her heart so? 
When Lynna entered her bedchamber, Suzanne rushed to close the door, then flung herself on the bed. As if in a trance, she fabricated a detailed lie for Lynna’s benefit, reveling in the immense pain it caused her. And Lynna never guessed that each and every word was false.
“I was riding down the road, the one that Daniel had indicated. I hadn’t gone far when I noticed Joshua standing beside his horse, deep in thought. Quietly, I slipped from my horse and went to join him. He seemed terribly out of sorts about something, as Daniel had alluded to. I was about to ask what was nettling him.” She stopped and a dazzling smile curved her lips. “But almost before I knew what was happening, he was pulling me into his arms and kissing me like a man absolutely starved.” 
“Suzanne, what you and Joshua do holds no interest for me.” Lynna used her most convincing tone, but they both knew she was lying through her teeth.
“Oh, Lynna, I do love the man so. He makes me feel so…alive.” She grabbed a feather pillow, clutching it to her breast. “And I’m sure he loves me as well. He could never make love to me with such passion if he did not return my love.”
“Oh, believe me. Yes, he could.” The words were out before Lynna even realized she had spoken them.
“You are just jealous of me!” Suzanne stormed, leaping from the bed to stand in front of her with eyes blazing. “You always have been, and you want Joshua for yourself. A blind person could see that. But you will never take him. Never, Lynna. Do you hear me?”
Lynna opened the door to leave, feeling nothing but loathing for the girl. “To be perfectly honest, I would imagine the field hands heard your little display of temper. Be advised, Suzanne, I do not want your Captain Jordan.” Lynna had taken so much abuse and insult from Suzanne over the past three years; now she had the perfect opportunity for a little payback and she was angry enough to mete it out. “However, be forewarned on this one point, Suzanne. We both know that if I wanted Joshua Jordan, I could easily have him.” 
She had casually strolled from the room, having finally succeeded in delivering to Suzanne her comeuppance and, for once, leaving her at a loss for words. Now her eyes flew open as her aunt shook her from her afternoon nap. “Lynna, honey, wake up. Captain Jordan was here with an invitation for dinner.”
“What? But I...we cannot possible go.” The mere thought of spending an evening with the man caused her entire being to quake. How could her betraying body react to him in such a way when she knew him to be nothing more than a heartless philanderer who used women without a care? She had no intention of becoming his next conquest, again. “You go ahead without me, please. I don’t feel up to visiting today. I would rather remain here and keep Bethany Breanne entertained.”
“Nonsense.” Judith's hands on her face forced Lynna to meet her eyes. “You have just as much chance as Suzanne does, actually a better one.”
“Aunt Judith, what on earth are you talking about?” Lynna cried. Sitting up, she rubbed the sleep from her eyes and wondered if she was dreaming. Her aunt could not possibly know her true feelings. Could she? “A better chance at what?”
“Why, Captain Jordan, of course. He is a very handsome man, dear,” she replied, going to the armoire. “I have seen the way your eyes sparkle at the mere mention of his name, and you cannot deny he is attracted to you.” Judith brought out a lovely gown of peach silk and carefully spread it across the bed. “If you want him, go after him and do not let anything stand in your way.”
Evidently, by anything, she meant Suzanne. “But I do not want him, Aunt Judith.” And if you knew him for the heartless rake he truly is, you would not be trying to push me into his arms.
“Of course you do, any woman would. Now hurry, your bath water is getting tepid.”
Shocked clear to her bones by her aunt’s words, Lynna soaked in a hot tub until her skin was a becoming shade of pink, then sat at her dressing table brushing her hair until it shone, still unresolved as to how to style it. Pulling it atop her head, she tied it loosely with a velvet ribbon allowing the tiny tendrils to frame her face. That should do. On impulse she added a small amount of kohl to her eyelids and gazed at her reflection in the mirror. Who was she trying to impress? 
After completing her toilette, she slipped into a sheer lacy chemise. Next she stepped into the peach colored gown trimmed with ecru lace that she and her aunt had only recently completed, with the delicate folds of material enhancing her every curve. Satisfied with her appearance, she pecked on the door between her room and her aunt’s. “Aunt Judith, would you fasten my gown, please?” Would you fasten my gown, please? Those remembered words caused a shiver to rush down her spine.
“Certainly.” Judith entered the room with ample pride glowing in her eyes. “You look beautiful, darling.”
“Thank you, but we both know you are not an impartial judge.” Lynna smiled lovingly. “Most of my so called beauty is in your eyes only.”
“We shall see. You just keep an eye on Captain Jordan's face when you enter the room.”
“Oh, Aunt Judith, for heaven’s sakes.” Lynna’s hands were planted firmly on her hips as she shook her head. “Where do you get these ideas?”

An hour later, Judith and Lynna descended the staircase together, greeted by a chorus of whistles from Daniel and Samuel. “You ladies look positively breathtaking.”
“Are there any compliments left for your own sister?” Suzanne floated down the stairs in a cloud of emerald green chiffon. Her hair was also pinned atop her head, but unlike Lynna’s shimmering curls Suzanne’s raven locks were straight and lacked the added effect of the short, bouncy tendrils falling to softly accentuate her face. Brilliant emeralds dripped from her ears to caress her neck. She gloated in the knowledge that she would outshine Lynna, one way or another.
As Silas and Mary joined them, Daniel remarked, “Father, I would say we have the pleasure of escorting four of the most lovely ladies in all of Charleston tonight.” Lynna was confused by Daniel's animated banter. She had dreaded having to face him after their talk that morning. However, he didn’t seem in the least disturbed by their earlier discourse, actually he seemed to be in rather jovial spirits. She had that much to be thankful for.
Daniel smiled bravely for Lynna’s benefit, but Suzanne knew his soul was tortured as she recalled their discussion earlier. “You realize Joshua has developed an apparent infatuation for Lynna, don’t you, Daniel? Believe me, the fact leaves me quite mystified when he could have me instead. I’m sure his choice leaves you as perplexed as it does me, dear brother. At any rate, if you continue to behave like such an incompetent wimp, Joshua will succeed in snatching Lynna out from under your nose leaving us both in the cold.”
“Nonsense, son,” Silas was saying. “Their beauty encompasses the entire South.”
“What about me?” Beth's musical laughter chimed from the top of the stairs. “I distinctly heard you say the four loveliest ladies, Daniel Fletcher.” As she descended the stairs she counted off the ladies of the house on her fingers. As she neared Silas, he shammed for her ears only. “You Beth are by far my most lovely daughter-in-law.”
“Well, thank you kindly, sir,” she said, blushing prettily.
Their laughter flowed like water through a stream as the ladies draped lacy shawls over their shoulders and the gentlemen helped them into the waiting carriage.
“But I am your only daughter-in-law,” Beth shrieked, just realizing the jest. This brought a renewed burst of laughter from the cheerful group.
Lynna twiddled her thumbs nervously in a corner of the carriage until twenty minutes later, when Beth announced, “This is where our land ends and Jordan land begins.” 
The boundary was evidenced by a white fence bordering the road on both sides and winding through woods that soon gave way to snowy fields of King Cotton. Beyond the fields could be seen a wide avenue of live oaks festooned with Spanish moss. The view through the trees was breathtaking as both sides of the road contained small ponds bordered by towering cypress and gaily colored flowers. An enchanting bridge with lattice work sides rose over the water, and at the end of each bridge, nestled in the shade, sat a charming gazebo with the same wood carvings as the bridge.
Lynna sat in stunned silence, impressed by the pure and simple elegance surrounding her. Then Sea Grove with its huge white pillars loomed proudly before her. The house was magnificent. The upper balcony spanned the entire length of the house so that each room opened onto it, as was the case with the balcony below. She had expected a smaller scale. Instead, here was a plantation to rival Magnolia House.
Her scrutiny of the house was halted abruptly when she observed the chiseled features of a man casually leaning against one of the columns on the verandah. He was unspeakably handsome in his fawn cut-away tailcoat over a crisp white linen shirt and form fitting breeches. He stood next to a man in a chair with wheels, with a blanket draped across his lap. As the carriage drew up to the verandah, on closer examination, Lynna found the man in the chair to be a slightly more mature version of Joshua, with the same gleaming emerald eyes and soft teasing smile.
“Good evening,” Joshua called, bounding down the steps to greet them. “I’m glad you could come on such short notice. Meet my parents, Jeremiah and Patricia, and my baby sister, Malinda.”
“Oh, Joshua,” his sister groaned. “I am hardly a baby.”
The family trait was strong in Malinda as well. Curly black hair framed an oval face blessed with creamy magnolia skin, while a light powdering of freckles across her nose gave her a charming, childlike appearance.
“Welcome to Sea Grove,” Jeremiah said after the introductions had been made. “Please, come inside.”
As Joshua moved to push his father's chair into the house, Lynna took the opportunity to take a closer look at his parents. If not for a few wrinkles and grey hair, Jeremiah could have easily been mistaken for Joshua's brother. His mother, Patricia, was an elegant lady with snowy white hair braided and pinned atop her head and the same creamy smooth complexion as her daughter. “We are so glad you could join us this evening.” She smiled, taking the ladies’ wraps and handing them to the downstairs maid. “Malinda, show our guests to the parlor, please.”
Hooking her arm through Lynna's, Malinda chatted amicably with her as though they had been confidants all their lives. Theirs was an immediate friendship. Malinda had no desire to become friends with the uppity Suzanne, who was a complete opposite from herself. “Lynna, Joshua has told me so much about you over the years. I do hope we can find time to get better acquainted before you return to Georgia.”
“I would be delighted.” Joshua had been conversing with his sister about her? For years? “However, I am afraid you have Suzanne and I confused. She has known your brother for some time, whereas… I only met him a few days ago. I am certain it was her and not me that your brother spoke of.”
“Perhaps it was,” Malinda whispered with a sly wink, infuriating Suzanne, who was straining to eavesdrop and hear every word. Fortunately, she missed the important ones.
Malinda opened the massive double doors with a beautiful fanlight spanning the entire width. Entering the spacious foyer, Lynna stopped motionless in her tracks. On both sides of the hallway stood twin staircases with finely carved mahogany banisters and handrails inlaid with brass. What she found most amazing was that the two staircases were joined at the top by a bridge. In the center of the house, the floor to the second story ceiling was open, airy and cool.
“The house is beautiful!” 
“What?” Malinda questioned. “Oh, the house. Thank you.” It was obvious she was clearly accustomed to this reaction from first time visitors.
The parlor was no less attractive. The walls were light blue with dark blue trim. Two rosewood sofas upholstered in regal blue faced each other in front of a marble fireplace. On the mantle stood miniature statues carved from ivory, jade, bone and crystal. Displayed prominently over the mantel was a gilt and wood bull’s eye mirror, and hanging on either side of it were a beautifully done oil portraits of Joshua’s mother with her children.
Taking a seat in one of the overstuffed wingchairs, Lynna was once again caught completely off guard by Joshua's bold behavior when he moved behind her, resting his hand possessively on the back of her chair. She glanced anxiously toward Daniel, but if he took offense he concealed it well. Not so with Suzanne. Her rigid body was planted against the wall as her steely eyes never once left Joshua’s hand.
While the men discussed the price of cotton and politics, the ladies chatted about the weather and fashion (Suzanne’s favorite topic, but she chose to remain curiously silent). It would have been a pleasant conversation had Joshua’s hand not rested so near. Lynna was noticeably ill at ease with his close proximity and went as rigid as Suzanne when his hand, hidden from the others, drifted down to finger a golden curl and lightly caresses her back. 
She blushed crimson as she leaned forward to brush invisible lint from her skirt. Oh, how she longed to turn and land a resounding slap to his arrogant face, but she didn’t move or dare lean back and be pawed by his roving hand again. 
By the same token, Joshua's hand itched, almost ached, to travel down further to the swells of her creamy, fully rounded bosom displayed so enticingly from his vantage point. Again he had been on the verge of throwing caution to the wind when the part he coveted was unceremoniously snatched from view.
Lynna wondered how this man's slightest touch could scorch her skin, when Daniel’s most ardent kisses failed to stir a quickening inside her? She could find no answer to this burning question and was more than relieved when the maid announced dinner was served. As she stood, she turned to present him with a withering glare. 
Chuckling to himself, Joshua ignored her temper and went to push his father's chair into the dining room.
Coming to the conclusion that the fates were definitely aligned against her, Lynna found herself seated next to the insolent rogue. But why blame the fates? After all, this was Joshua's home and she should have known he would have a hand in the seating arrangements.
The dining room was the same shade of light blue trimmed in dark blue. A table and twelve chairs carved from dark, rich cherry held the center of the room, set with blue and white china and blue crystal, surrounding a centerpiece of ruby red roses. On one side stood a Hepplewhite sideboard displaying the family silver, and in the corner stood a handsome cabinet containing rare china and more intricately carved statuettes, similar to the ones in his cabin.
Everyone seemed to be enjoying the sumptuous meal and lively banter, but with Joshua so near, Lynna's appetite once again deserted her. 
While the others were involved in witty repartee among themselves, Joshua bent to whisper near her ear. “Is there something amiss with your food, my sweet? Or could there perchance be something about me that ruins your appetite? I fear if you and I were together for any great length of time you would simply waste away,” he purred as his gaze fell to her sensuous mouth. “And what a terrible loss that would be.”
Lynna could feel the heat radiating from her cheeks. In barely more than a whisper, she grated, “Sir, you should learn to conduct yourself in a more gentlemanly fashion. I fear I am unaccustomed to your brash remarks.”
“Lynna, my pet, there is little about me that you are unaccustomed to.” He grinned wickedly, passing her a napkin covered basket of steaming buttermilk biscuits.
With a sharp intake of breath and a definite tilt of her pert nose she took a biscuit and buttered a chunk, then put it on her plate, unsure if her queasy stomach could handle food at the moment. Taking a sip from her wine glass, she almost choked when Joshua’s thigh brushed intimately against hers.
“Here, allow me.” Innocently he patted her back. A pat that was more like a caress. “Did your wine perhaps go down the wrong way?”
She longed to slap the smirk from his smug face. How dare he make such brazen advances toward her, treat her like nothing more than a common trollop? Would this night ever end? She bestowed upon him an icy glare that would have put any other man in his place, but not so Joshua. He had the temerity to grin and wink slyly at her blazing face. The entire length of her body trembled with rage as she turned to him and whispered, “I will not sit still for your manhandling a second longer. If you so much as consider touching me again, you will feel the blade of this butter knife beneath your skin.”
It was a harmless threat and she knew it, but she hoped it would be enough to scare him. She held the butter knife in her hand for added conviction, but it fell from her hand with a clatter as he threw back his head and laughed uproariously before continuing, undaunted, with his meal.
Beside her, Malinda giggled. “Pay him no mind, Lynna. He has forever been a tease, especially when a woman intrigues him.”
At that moment, Suzanne, who was again listening to their conversation, hated Lynna enough to have scratched out her eyes with great pleasure. Joshua had never once teased her.
With the meal finally at an end, they took their coffee and brandy into the parlor. Suzanne could not suffer through watching Joshua lust after Lynna for another second. With exaggerated weakness, she mewled, “Father, I fear I have developed a simply monstrous headache and I must ask that we return home early.”
Silas expressed his immediate concern for his daughter’s welfare, speaking to Patricia. “It has been a most enjoyable evening and we regret having to leave early, but under the circumstances I pray you will understand.”
“Of course, we do,” Patricia assured him. Then, turning to Suzanne, she added, “I only hope you feel better soon, darling.”
“Thank you, I’m sure I will after some rest.” Or when Lynna has returned to Georgia and I can return without her.
“If you are ever in Georgia, stop by Magnolia House for a visit,” Silas was saying to Jeremiah and Patricia. “You are always welcome.”
“That’s very kind of you and we just might take you up on your offer,” Jeremiah replied. “However our son does the majority of traveling in the family.”
Turning to Joshua, Silas repeated the invitation. “You are more than welcome to visit, anytime.”
“Thank you, sir. I feel certain I can find time for a visit soon.” As his smiling eyes strayed toward Lynna he, and everyone else in the room, knew the visit would be in the not too distant future.
Outside in the dark night, Joshua assisted the ladies into their carriage. With his hands on Lynna's waist, he couldn’t resist the impulse to allow his hands to linger.
In truth, Lynna’s body turned to a mass of quivering flesh and her heart threatened to leave her chest, but he must never know how much his touch affected her.
“What was that?” Mary questioned as a loud slapping sound rang out in the still night air.
“Damn mosquitoes,” Joshua chuckled, rubbing his stinging jaw. To be so petite, the little lady packed a wallop. “They are out for blood tonight.” It was too dark to see, but Joshua could imagine Lynna's enchanting face beaming triumphantly in the still night. And he was absolutely correct, as Lynna leaned back in her seat feeling entirely vindicated.

Upon their return to Cedar Hill, they were met with a messenger from Magnolia House. Jopree, the overseer, had taken ill and they must return at once. They bags were packed that night so as to be ready to set out on their journey home at first light.



Chapter 13 



Arriving home late and exhausted, Lynna had just crawled under the cover, breathing a deep sigh of relief to be home, when she was jerked awake by a loud voice she recognized immediately. Her uncle was home, and as usual he was drunk.
“I told you, Tobias, I don’t have any money,” Judith cried. “Please lower your voice before you wake Lynna.”
“You always keep money hid around here somewhere, so quit lying, bitch,” Tobias slurred.
“Even if I did I wouldn’t give it to you to waste on rot gut whiskey.” Judith clutched her thin gown around her. “We need that money to live.”
Lynna heard a dull thud and knew her aunt had been struck. Leaping out of bed she ran to the kitchen with lightning speed. Tobias had her aunt pinned against the wall with his hands on her throat squeezing the life from her. 
“Let her go!” she screamed, grabbing his arm, pulling and kicking until he released her aunt. Judith collapsed to the floor with a sickly white pallor. Then, before Lynna could even begin to defend herself, he unleashed the full force of his fury on her. 
She tried to dodge the blow she knew was coming, but backed into the table and was cornered. He stood before her, smiling broadly as his fist smashed under her right eye with a painful crunch. The last thing she remembered before the floor jumped up to greet her was the look of absolute horror on her aunt’s bloodless face. Thank God. At least she was still alive.

Lynna came to later with a pulsating headache that seemed to hammer in her temples. Her aunt was holding Lynna’s head in her lap and sobbing quietly. Judith’s tears fell in earnest when her niece at last opened her bruised and swollen eyes.
“Is he gone?” Lynna mumbled, feeling her face to see if any bones were broken.
“Yes, he found my reticule and took what little coin we had. I pray he rots in hell for the pain he has caused you.”
“My pain? What about your pain?” Lynna cried, struggling to sit up, wincing at the throbbing ache the effort caused her. “How badly did he hurt you?”
“He only shoved me against the wall and choked me, nothing out of the ordinary. It’s you I’m worried about.” She turned Lynna’s face to the light for a better look. “You have a terrible bruise.”
“I’ll just remain inside until it fades.” Nothing new there. “We have so much work to do, I wouldn’t be spending much time outside anyway. Look on the bright side. We won’t have to worry about him returning for at least a fortnight.”
A silent tear rolled down Judith’s cheek. “Please forgive me for allowing this to happen to you, darling. I should have protected you somehow. Why, if your father knew this…”
“Aunt Judith, don’t blame yourself. There is no way you could have stopped that madman. You cannot reason with him when he’s drunk. We are both well aware of that, and my father would not hold you accountable for his sins.” 
That was a lie and they both recognized it as such. Nathan Rhodes would indeed fault his sister if he knew of her vicious husband’s abuse toward his daughter, and heaven help Tobias Mathison if he ever found out.
Judith swiped at a tear as it streaked down her wet cheek. “Maybe he will take his ill-gotten gains and never come back.” 
They were both also well aware that Tobias would return the minute his stolen funds had been exhausted. 

Lynna didn’t feel up to getting dressed the following morning. Why bother, when she wouldn’t be showing her face outside the house anyway? She lay in bed wondering for the thousandth time why her dear father had not sent funds to make her and her aunt’s life easier. There was simply no excuse for it. Her father was fabulously wealthy, surely he could spare a few coins for his only child and his sister. 
Forcing her mind away from the pain thinking about her father caused, she slipped on a lavender and green checkered dress and ambled barefoot into the kitchen, grinning sheepishly when her aunt gasped at her black and blue face.
“I must look a fright, Aunt Judith.” Lynna covered her face with her hands, embarrassed.
Before she could answer a knock sounded at the open kitchen door. Luckily Lynna’s back was to the door and she pleaded with her eyes for her aunt to send whoever it was away. She breathed a deep sigh of relief when Judith moved to the door and then went numb all over when she said, “Good morning, Joshua. It’s good to see you again. When did you arrive?”
His husky voice floating through the open doorway caused Lynna’s pulse to throb. “Good morning, ladies. I arrived late last night and Silas has invited me to ride into town with him. He was coming to see if he could bring you anything, but I volunteered to come in his stead.”
“How very kind of you. As a matter of fact we do need a few provisions. “Please come…” The loud clanging of a pot being dropped stopped Judith short. She had almost invited him in. “Please, have a seat… on the porch. I will be right back with my list.”
Lynna stood motionless as she waited to hear the porch swing creak, a signal that he had sat down. It did not come. Apparently he was still standing at the door watching her. What was wrong with her aunt? Why hadn’t she sent him away posthaste? Nothing from town could be this important. Besides, obviously her aunt had forgotten Tobias had stolen all their money last night and she had never once known her aunt to purchase on credit.
“Good morning, Lynna,” came that sexy southern drawl that never failed to send her blood racing.
When she failed to respond, he laughed. “Lynna, why are you behaving like a spoiled child?” He waited somewhat impatiently and when no answer was forthcoming he strode uninvited into the house, pausing behind her only a second before spinning her around to face him. He halted abruptly as every ounce of blood seemed to drain from his face. “Who did this?”
Lynna attempted to shrug off his concern with a laugh. “Clumsy me, I ran into a door. I should have brought a candle outside with me last night when I went to sit on the porch.” Where was her aunt and why was she dawdling at a time like this?
“Are you sure that is what happened, my sweet? You have a rather nasty bruise and taking a blow that hard had to be extremely painful.” Far from convinced, Joshua angled her face to get a better look. “I fail to see how colliding with a door could cause the entire side of your face to turn an unsightly shade of black and purple, and your eye to be almost swollen shut. 
Turning away, she mumbled, “Of course, I’m sure. It looks much worse than it actually is.” Of all the times for him to show up, why she must look like one of the voodoo zombies the slaves were always whispering about. She knew he was still behind her when she felt the heat from his warm breath caressing her neck. 
“Try walking with your eyes open in the future. It works amazingly well. I do it all the time,” he whispered against her hair, intoxicated by her lilac smell.
Lynna jerked around with a sharp retort that died in her throat when her aunt walked into the room. “On second thought, we don’t need anything from town, but thank you for the generous offer, Joshua.”
“My pleasure, ma’am.” He smiled, although his cheerful mood had deserted him on first sight of Lynna’s bruised and swollen face. Something was off kilter here.
After he departed Lynna sat at the kitchen table, truly bereft. “Oh, why did he have to show up this morning? Look at my face! And he thinks I go around walking into doors.” She buried her head in her hands. “I have been in the company of handsome men before, but with Joshua...why?” She was truly baffled.
“Because you are attracted to him, darling. You have met a man who brings out the woman in you and it was obvious to one and all the night you met that he was quite taken with you as well. I’ll wager that you have never met a man quite like Captain Jordan before.”
Believe me, Aunt Judith, I have.
Her aunt left the room smiling and called from her bedroom,  “I will not deny it. I think your Captain Jordan is quite exceptional. There are few to equal to him.”
“My Captain Jordan?” Lynna cried, thoroughly astonished by her aunt’s choice of words. 
“Had you rather I say Suzanne’s Captain Jordan?” Judith peeked around the doorframe, glancing at her niece from underneath her lashes.
The day was frightfully hot, but her question sent a chill down Lynna’s spine that caused her to shiver uncontrollably.

Joshua had totally charmed Jasmine during his brief stay at Magnolia House. Few women, young or old, could long stay immune to his masculine charms and Jasmine was no exception. She was lifting a heavy pot of vegetable soup from the stove when he sauntered in. Taking the pot, he admonished, “Here, let me take that. Don’t you have any men working in the kitchen to aid you with the heavy lifting, Jasmine?” 
Jasmine’s plump body shook with mirth. “Mist’ Joshua, you sho’ is sumphin’. I lifts dis heah pot evah day of my life. Why, I ‘spec’ I could lift bout much as any man on dis heah plan’ation. Now you jus’ sit down rite chere an’ have some of my blackberry cobbler wit’ frash cream.”
Joshua laughed with her. “I’m sure you could, Jasmine. But you shouldn’t have to.”
Never one to be accused of being gullible, Jasmine placed a steaming dish of cobbler before him. “Whut is you in heah tryin’ ta sweet talk ole Jasmine fo’, Mist’ Joshua?”
“Why Jasmine, I am sorely disappointed in you.” He chuckled. “I thought we had become friends.”
“And we is. We sho’ ‘nuff is. But you done got sumphin’ troublin’ you, so you mite jus’ as well spit it on out.”
After a long silence, Joshua asked quietly, “Have you perchance seen Lynna’s face today?”
“Whut ‘bout her face?” Jasmine snapped, fearing the worst as the cup of milk she was pouring for Joshua overflowed the rim.
Joshua observed her plump face closely for her reaction. “It’s badly bruised. She claims to have run into a door.”
“Run into a do’, my big black behind!” she spat as her huge body fairly shook with anger. “Dat chile gwine run out of ‘scuses one of dese days.”
Instantly on his feet, Joshua grabbed her by the shoulders, forcing her to meet his eyes. “Are you saying that is not what happened, Jasmine?”
Jasmine was thoughtful for a long time before speaking. “I won’t der, so I cain say fo’ sho’ whut done happen.”
“But you have an opinion,” he ground out, urging her to continue.
“If you done seed as many bruises on dat chile as I done seed,” she stopped suddenly, wondering if she should be voicing her opinion against a white man. “But I done said too much a’ready.” 
Joshua wanted to shake the old slave woman, force her to tell him everything she knew, but there were easier ways. “I suppose it is just as she said. She impresses me as being the clumsy sort.”
“Whut you mean, clumsy?” Jasmine stormed with her hands on her hips and her dark eye blazing. Joshua knew his gambit had worked beautifully. “Dat chile ain’t run into no do’. Dat man done hit dat baby agin.”
“What man?” The depth of rage Joshua felt at that moment was surprising even to him. Knowing that someone had deliberately struck Lynna, with enough force to leave her badly bruised, caused his body to tremble with rage. “Who was it, Jasmine?”
Jasmine knew she had been duped, but that was no longer the issue. What was important was Lynna. Why should she go on protecting that po’ white trash Tobias Mathison when next time it might be too late to help Lynna or Judith? Next time he might kill them both. “Her own uncle! Tobias Mat’son. He da one whut beats her. He come home lookin’ fo’ dey money in a flyin’ rage an’ always findin’ a reason to hit her.” 
Hot tears coursed down Jasmine’s plump cheeks. “How I knows is dat po’ chile done broke down one day an’ tol’ me so herself. She said she had ta talk to somebody, so I jus’ held her while she talk’ an’ cried, axkin’ me why her own uncle hate her so much. Querstions dat I ain’t got no answer fo’. Den when she finish, she made me give my word dat I keep it to myself, an’ here I done tol’ you. Forgive me, Lawd!” she cried, stretching out her arms and beseeching the heavens. Drying her eyes, she blew her nose loudly. “But I cain keep it to myself no mo’. Dat man gwine kill dat chile one day.”
“Where is Tobias now, Jasmine?” Joshua’s entire body shook with rage. “I promise you he will never get another chance to harm her if you tell me where to find him.”
“He ain’t heah,” she sniffled. “Dey ain’t be knowin’ where he gwine or when he comin’ back.”
“I will find him, Jasmine. I give you my word.” Joshua strode determinedly out the door without a thought for the mouth watering pie. 
Jasmine knew in her heart that Tobias Mathison was surely about to pay for his multitude of sins and it was about time. As for her precious Lynna, she mumbled, “Whut don’t kill will fatten.”

In town, Joshua made inquiries as to Tobias Mathison’s whereabouts at the local taverns. He learned from a barkeep that Tobias had come into town the night before, purchased a bottle of whiskey, and went upstairs with one of the girls who was known for leaving a man with empty pockets. Joshua was halfway up the stairs, already imagining the feel of his hands tightening around Tobias’s neck, before the barkeep stopped him.
“He ain’t here now. He rode out before sun up.”
Joshua slammed his fist into the wall, making the barkeep jump. “Can you tell me which direction he traveled?”
“Naw, he slipped out without even paying what he owed for the room, the thieving low life.” The barkeep swished a filthy rag across the bar, and mumbled, “I should have learnt the lying beggar by now. But you know, I can’t figure him out. One day his pockets are overflowing with coin, and the next he can’t afford a cup of ale.”
Ignoring the barkeep, Joshua swore, “You got away this time, but I will find you if it is the last thing I do.”


Chapter 14 



Lynna remained indoors for the next four days, only venturing outside to stroll through her garden late in the evening when the big house was quiet. Daniel came by each morning and her aunt reported that she was feeling under the weather and resting in bed. Jasmine arrived with Lynna’s favorite sugar cookies and completely ignoring Judith’s excuses went straightaway to Lynna’s room to find her sitting up in bed, stitching a row of ruffles on a new ball gown for Suzanne.
“Good morning, Jasmine.” Lynna averted her face, ashamed for Jasmine to see that her uncle had once again used it as a punching bag.
“It ain’t seem like sech a good mawnin’ ta me, wit you in bed all bruise an’ swole up like you is,” she muttered angrily. “Why you ain’t gone out in dem woods an’ got a big stick an’ next time he come at you lay it side his thick skull, I ain’t knowin’.”
Lynna attempted a laugh, but it failed miserably. “I may heed your advice and do just that, Jasmine.”
Judith entered with a fresh pot of aromatic coffee. “Please sit down, Jasmine and we’ll sample those cookies that smell simply delicious.” She glanced over at Lynna, whose cheeks stung with shame and humiliation. “Lynna has been confined to this room for days with only me for company, so we’re very glad you stopped by.”
Lynna caught her aunt’s hand trying to ease her guilt. “This will be my last day of confinement since the bruises have almost faded. Anyway, at least we completed Suzanne’s ball gown.”
“If dat gal was ta take up sewin’ an’ spend as much time at it as she do primpin’ an’ paradin’ in front of dat mirror, it would put you two out of binness.”
“Truer words were never spoken,” Judith agreed, causing all three women to grin.
The laughter left Jasmine’s eyes as she looked at Lynna with all seriousness. “Y’all needs to tell somebody ‘bout Tobias fo’ it too late. Dem bruises be gittin’ sturdily worser each time he come. He mean binness now, Lynna, an’ he seem ta be takin’ mos’ of it out on you.”

The following evening a rider arrived with an urgent missive from the neighboring plantation owned by Thomas Morehead. A fire had swept through the main house and several slave cabins. Thomas Morehead had perished, and several of his slaves had been severely burned. The rider was unsure how many others had lost their lives. Silas took every available man and rushed to the plantation with Mary and Judith accompanying them to care for the injured.
With her aunt caring for the burn victims at the Morehead plantation, Lynna entered their quiet cottage alone that night with a strong sense of foreboding. 
Something was awry, but what? Entering the kitchen her apprehension proved correct. Her uncle sat at the table, slouched in a drunken stupor with an empty whiskey bottle in his hand. She had smelled him, a combination of liquor and unwashed body, even before seeing him.
Hearing her approach he glanced up with angry, bloodshot eyes, his hand shaking as he pointed to the cold stove. “Why ain’t you got supper cooking, you lazy good for nothing wench? I been keeping you up for the last three years and you can’t even keep a pot boiling on the stove? Where’s my wife?”
“There was a fire,” Lynna answered stonily. “She is at the Morehead plantation helping nurse the injured.”
“Well do something besides spread your legs for the son of the wealthy plantation owner and fix me something to eat,” he snarled with disgust.
The desire to turn tail and run was strong in Lynna, but knowing that would give him too much satisfaction she stood her ground. When she failed to respond quickly enough to his demands, he leapt from his chair sending it crashing to the floor. “Don’t just stand there when I tell you to do something, girl. Get busy and fix me some damned supper!”
“Fix your own damn supper,” Lynna gritted through clenched teeth. She was fed up with his constant demands and abuse. She was beyond fed up with everything about the drunkard, in fact. If he ate tonight it would be food prepared by his own hand.
For having the impudence to disobey his direct order, Tobias slapped her so hard she stumbled backward, landing hard on her bottom. Thankfully this time her aunt was not home and Lynna didn’t have to worry about protecting her. Glancing around for a weapon she spied her aunt’s sewing basket with a large pair of sharp scissors on the table and made the error of eyeing the scissors covetously. Tobias saw where her eyes lingered and wheezed with harsh laughter before sweeping the basket to the floor, scattering its contents to the other side of the room. “When did you grow a backbone, you little tramp?”
She had to find another weapon, and quick. His empty whiskey bottle was on the table between them, but she refused to look at it. She would not make that mistake again. Lynna stood up slowly and painfully. “I have no coin, so you might as well leave.”
Licking his lips in a sickening manner, his gaze was firmly fixed on her heaving breasts. “I ain’t leaving here without some recompense for my journey.”
That was all the impetus she needed. Lunging for the bottle she grabbed it before he could, and with all her energy swung it toward his face. Whiskey dribbled down her arm as she made a full circle before coming to a startling halt. Even drunk he had dodged the bottle. 
Chuckling, he advanced around the table. With a wicked gleam in his eyes and a wide grin splitting his pockmarked face, his fist connected with her jaw with such force that she saw stars and nothing more.

Lynna came to through a haze of blinding pain, lying absolutely still, listening for any sound or sign that he was still in the house. Hearing nothing, she stood slowly, grabbing for the wall as the room spun around her. When the vertigo had passed she moved to her room and paused before her mirror. Scalding tears filled her eyes as she grimaced at her bruised and swollen face. The same face that had stared back at her too many times in the past. The bruises from his previous attack had only begun to fade.
Her tears streaked a path down her puffy cheek as she gave vent to her misery. She was so alone, so frightened and miserable, with neither the will nor strength to continue fighting. She just wanted to go back home to France where she was pampered and spoiled, and no one would dare lift a hand to her in anger. But that was out of the question since her own father had turned his back on her.
When was her aunt coming home anyway? Drying her sniffles she remembered her promise to help Jasmine cook blackberry cobber the following morning. She couldn’t go to the big house looking like this, but how could she possibly endure another week of forced confinement?
Hoping to relocate her misery to the back of her mind if only momentarily, she prepared a hot bath. After heating the water and filling the tub, she slipped into the soothing water, sighing blissfully as the heat penetrated her aching body. Soaking until her skin was a glowing pink, she dried off and slipped into a sleeveless pink nightgown cut low and gathered under her breast. It was too hot for anything else. 
The cotton was soft and cool against her heated skin as it enveloped her abused body. Seated at her dressing table she was lost in troubled thought as she brushed her hair until it shone and fell in rippling waves over her shoulders. 
By the time she went to bed, feeling miserable and defeated, she had convinced herself that the only solution to her wretched life was to wed Daniel. She would never be lonely again. Daniel loved her, of that she was certain and as he had told her so many times in the past, she would grow to love him given time. If she married Daniel she could move her aunt into the big house so Tobias could never torment either of them again. The Fletchers would hire another seamstress and her aunt could relax and enjoy her golden years in peace. It was the perfect solution. She closed her eyes, not blissfully happy at the notion, but satisfied that she had arrived at a decision that would be agreeable for all concerned.

Sometime later she was startled from a deep sleep by a noise in her room. A cool breeze caused the curtains to flutter and she wondered if that was the sound that had awakened her. Fear gnawed at her as she worried that her uncle had not left after all. Peeking from swollen eyes she gasped to find Joshua standing over her, holding a candle, with a look of stark horror on his face. What was he doing here? 
“I had a feeling… that… you needed me. Tell me who did this?” His voice was cold as ice and filled with rage. “That is all I ask of you, Lynna. Please. Tell me who did this to you.”
She couldn’t tell him the truth, no matter how much anguish her uncle had caused her. She knew Joshua would search until he found him and end his deplorable life. For this she would be grateful beyond measure, she felt nothing but hatred for her uncle, yet she could not tolerate the notion of Joshua rotting in a filthy jail cell for avenging her.
“Lynna,” he spoke softly, too softly. “Please tell me.”
“I can’t!” she cried brokenly. “Please, don’t ask me!”
He desperately wanted to tell her that he already knew it was her own uncle who was abusing her, but he didn’t admit it knowing the humiliation it would cause her. He vowed to find the deviant and take great pleasure in watching his life’s blood drain away. If he departed immediately perhaps he could apprehend Tobias before he left the taverns. Joshua turned to leave, but his stern resolve immediately deserted him upon hearing her softly speak his name.
“Please. Don’t leave me alone, Joshua,” Lynna pleaded brokenly. “I beg of you. Just hold me.”
Seeing the tears glistening on her bruised and swollen cheeks, he placed the candle on a table and gently drew her into his arms. As he tenderly brushed away the tears, she shrank from the pain his gentle touch caused, but said nothing. She never complained. His heart went out to the poor girl who had withstood so much abuse. Joshua blamed himself for a portion of that pain. Overwhelmed by the love and tenderness he felt for her, he comforted her.
Lynna nestled deeper into the warm security of his strong arms where she felt so safe and protected. No harm could befall her as long as these powerful arms held her close. If she married Daniel tomorrow, at least she would have this night to remember.
Joshua knew what would happen if he remained, but wondered if she was fully aware of what she was asking of him. “Are you asking me to stay with you, Lynna?”
“Yes, Joshua,” she murmured, reaching out to him. “I cannot be alone tonight.”
He needed no more encouragement than that. His strong yet gentle arms gathered her even closer as his whispered words found her ears. “You are safe now, Lynna,” he breathed against her hair. “No one will hurt you ever again, I swear.”
His arms were the only safety she needed now and forever. Burying her head in his broad chest, she sobbed until his words soothed her fears. Lifting her face, their lips met in a tender, all consuming kiss that she prayed never to end. Forgetting the pain and humiliation she permitted her mind to fill with the nearness of him, the smell, and feel of him. 
As she snuggled against him, Joshua cradled her head with his hands, and holding her against his hard, lean body, gave her one last opportunity to change her mind. “Are you certain this is what you want, Lynna?” He didn’t want her to have regrets, or throw his actions in his face tomorrow. 
For answer, she slipped her hands around his neck and drew his lips down to hers, leaving no doubt in his mind. “Love me, Joshua.”
Needing no further encouragement, Joshua’s tongue explored every cranny of her mouth, lighting fires in her stomach that warmed her entire body. Her head rolled limply on the pillow as his fiery kisses trailed down her neck. Then taking her hands, he pulled her up to face him.
Joshua had waited so long to feel her soft supple body against his and had nightly dreams of allowing his hands and lips to roam at will over her creamy, delectable flesh. Yet, he must not frighten her. So, with Herculean effort, he forced himself to slow down. Slipping the thin nightgown over her head the sight of her full, satiny breasts was almost his undoing. She was so lovely, a treasure he must possess again and again, yet he vowed he would kill any other man who tried. 
This revelation shocked him to the core, but he didn’t take time to ponder it as he cupped her firm, young breasts. His eyes closed blissfully as she leaned her head back, unaware of the world going on around them, aware only of each other and the intense passion they shared. 
His hands gently kneaded the supple mounds as he watched the play of emotions, the doubt that registered briefly, and then the wonderment on her angelic face. Sitting down on the bed, he pulled her to stand between his legs, banking his own desire, wanting their second time to be as perfect as the first.
Lynna watched with unabashed anticipation as his mouth sprinkled light kisses on the tender underside of her breast, down over her flat stomach, and over the sloping curve of her hips. The sweet torture was almost unbearable when at last his lips kissed their way back to her breast. His touch caused the fire in her stomach to shift to a throbbing ache, demanding release as his tongue danced hot circles around her breast. Her body went limp as the creamy skin on her slim neck flushed and she gave vent to her rising lust.
Joshua glanced up, and at the sight of so much raw passion surging through her knew he could deny himself no longer. Lifting her in his arms, he gently lowered her to the bed, permitting his eyes to travel slowly, getting his fill of her exquisite beauty before joining her.
Low moans of pleasure escaped Lynna’s throat as his hot kisses traveled over her taut stomach and she was left breathless when they reached the very core of her being, causing her to gasp and clutch handfuls of his hair. Her body arched as his lips brought a return of the ecstasy she remembered so well, taking her over the edge and finally igniting the all consuming fire that had simmered since the night in the cabin onboard his ship. 
Their eyes met and Joshua gave her a knowing smile as she reached for him, desperate to feel him inside her. Lowering his body, he was careful not to put his entire weight on her slender frame. Then his lips found hers, erasing all fear from her mind until he knew she was ready, until she opened herself body and soul to receive him, all of him. 
Joshua held his breath as he entered her slowly, savoring her sleek, moist warmth. He wanted her so badly, but she was making him forget his purpose, which was revenge on Tobias and that was something he would never do. Yet, he could place it on hold for a few hours, while satisfying his desire for the enchanting creature beneath him. Placing his hands underneath her buttocks, he pressed his full manhood into her silky warmth as she cried out his name. Her hips met him thrust for thrust, more urgent still until her body once again found the sweet release it so coveted and she cried with joy. As her muscles contracted around him, he knew he had succeeded in making her forget, as well.
“You are in my blood, Lynna,” he whispered huskily. “I will never get my fill of you. I want you with me now and forever.”
Happiness swelled within her at his words. He wanted her with him. Forever? That could only mean one thing.

The hour was early as Joshua held her close. Moonlight filtered through the open window casting a golden hue over their glistening bodies as Lynna sighed contentedly, nestling closer to the man who had reawakened her passion. She felt no shame or remorse, only love. Love? The realization that she loved him struck her like a bolt of lightning from the heavens. She loved him. He was the man she had been waiting for all along. He was a part of her and had been for the past three years. 
“Come back to Charleston with me,” he breathed as his lips caressed her bare shoulder. “I will not leave you here to suffer the abuse of a madman.”
Without thinking, she blurted, “He won’t return tonight.”
“Who won’t return?” Joshua pleaded. “Tell me, Lynna. Please.”
“I cannot, Joshua. Do not ask me, I beg of you,” she murmured pitifully before turning away in shame. 
Why she was protecting her uncle was beyond Joshua’s scope of understanding, but he would not demand an answer. She had her reasons for keeping it a secret and when she was ready, she would tell him. Lifting a wisp of her golden hair, he twirled its softness around his finger, rubbing it against his cheek as he breathed in the fragrance of lilacs. He fancied he could look right through those clear blue mirrors into her soul and discover her every emotion. Her small perfect nose and soft sensuous lips together formed a face that was destined to forever haunt him.
Joshua rolled to his back, pulling her atop him. “Sleep now, my love.” Lynna buried her head against his chest and drifted into a contented sleep with her fingers gently entwined in his raven locks. He watched her as she slept, lightly touching the vivid bruise. A murderous fury assailed him as he thought of the great joy he would derive from paying the blackhearted devil back that had inflicted such pain on her. And he would indeed pay.
When he at last closed his eyes it was not the peaceful sleep of the one he held so close, instead it was a fitful sleep. He was squandering time. He should be on the road this very minute searching for Tobias, but the desire to be with Lynna was stronger. Snuggling her closer, he breathed a contented sigh and slept.

Dawn was fast approaching when the lovers awakened in each other’s arms. Joshua was somewhat wary, wondering if the morning would bring with it a shift in her feelings. But his worries were for naught, for Lynna felt secure in the knowledge that they would soon be betrothed. Watching him watch her for several minutes, she moistened her lips, threw one leg over his hips, and climbed provocatively atop him. Joshua held his breath as her succulent mouth lowered to his, realizing that the little minx was enjoying the power she held over him. Her soft tongue mingled with his, sending delicious shivers rushing through him. She was a fast learner, having changed from a hesitant young girl to a woman in full bloom overnight, very much aware of her needs.
Joshua had felt a slight aversion toward forward women in the past. Not so with Lynna. He would gladly lay passive, if possible, while she took complete control. He wanted everything she had to give, and then some. 
After a long, lingering kiss, while rubbing the tips of her breast against his chest until he thought he might go mad with desire, she moved to her side, pulling him to face her. A sensual smile curved her lips as she draped her right leg over his hip and pressed her soft flesh against his firm torso, causing a white hot fire to ignite low in his stomach when she reached her cool hand down to guide him into her dewy body. He entered her slowly, hearing her gasp as he buried deep inside her. 
Lynna’s hips moved in the age-old rhythm of love, carrying Joshua almost to the brink, but he wanted more. Easing her onto her back, he rolled atop her to penetrate more fully as she moved to meet his every thrust. There was no time for words as their lips touched, carrying them to a magical place where time did not exist. 

A few hours later, after a brief nap, Lynna gazed into his devilishly handsome face and winked seductively.
“Do you never get enough?” he inquired insolently.
“Do I hear complaints?” she inquired just as insolently, reaching to twirl a lock of his hair around her finger.
“Never, my love. And while I am both ready and willing, my body may require sustenance if I am to continue to be able through the remainder of the day,” he chuckled, lifting her up to sit her exactly where he wanted her.


Lynna was in the kitchen washing breakfast dishes when thankfully, they heard a carriage approach. “It’s Aunt Judith.” she giggled. “Quick, Joshua, go out the back door before she catches you here.” 
“I will return shortly, my love,” he whispered against her hair before placing a passionate kiss on her lips and closing the door behind him just as Judith called out a greeting. 
“Lynna, I’m home. Darling, it was so horrible at the Morehead plantation, you would not believe…oh, dear God!” Judith cried, her hands going to her mouth in horror. “When was he here?”
“Who?” Lynna asked, shamefaced. Dear God! How did she know? 
“Oh, you poor dear,” her aunt cried. “Let me look at your face.”
Good grief, her aunt was referring to her uncle, not Joshua. She had all but forgotten the incident with Tobias. “It isn’t that bad, Aunt Judith, honestly. It should heal quickly.”
“When was he here, Lynna?” Judith repeated with tears streaming down her cheeks.
“He was here to greet me last night when I came home from helping in the infirmary.” Lynna was ready to change the subject, not at all concerned with her uncle’s visit this morning. “I volunteered to help since so many of our slaves were sent to aid the burn victims. Now let’s change the subject, this one will only depress us. How are things over at the Morehead plantation?”
“Things are better now, but they lost five slaves and two were badly burned. Miss Fannie, the most knowledgeable healer in these parts, is tending them. We can only pray they will survive.”
“Yes, Aunt Judith, we will certainly pray,” Lynna agreed “Now sit down while I cook you some breakfast.” 
“Thank you, darling. Now tell me about you. Why are you so cheerful, all things considered?” Judith inquired, nonplused. “Apparently you had a good night.”
Lynna leaned over the steaming pot, stirring the grits in earnest and hiding her face. She would find it too difficult to explain why her aunt’s choice of words had delighted her so. “I have never rested better, Aunt Judith.” If only she could share her happiness with this woman whom she loved so much. But it would be best to wait until Joshua actually proposed, then they could all join in the celebration. “After breakfast I’m going to work in my flower garden. The weeds have taken over lately. Then I’ll come inside to begin work on Suzanne’s new gown.” She smiled, humming gaily. “If anyone from the big house should see me, I will simply say that I fell off the porch. They won’t doubt my words for a second, since everyone knows I am eternally clumsy.” 
Judith was intrigued by her niece’s ebullient mood. Normally after one of Tobias’s visits she would be in a state of depression that would last for days. Now here she stood, almost euphoric. Something out of the ordinary had happened during her absence. Of that she was certain.
Lynna turned to discover her aunt eying her curiously. “I know what you are thinking, and I have no words to explain it. Except that today I suddenly feel like a woman. Let me think of a comparison. Yesterday I was a flower bud all closed up inside and protected by layers of darkness, whereas today I have blossomed and my petals have opened showing the world my gay colors and hidden beauty.
“Your beauty has never been hidden, my dear,” Judith remarked fondly.
“This is an inner beauty, Aunt Judith. Perhaps it has always been there, just under the surface waiting for me to set it free.”
Judith now understood completely what her niece was trying, in a round about fashion, to tell her. Lynna had been introduced to the precious love that only a man and woman can share. She wondered if it was Joshua. She knew Lynna didn’t love Daniel and, therefore, would never yield herself to him. It had to be Joshua. Judith was thrilled. 
Of course she realized she shouldn’t be happy about the fact that her niece was no longer chaste. Nathan had placed his trust in her and would be furious to learn that his daughter was no longer an ingénue. But that was of little importance now. What mattered was that Lynna was happy and she could put the pain of the past behind her and begin to enjoy the life she had been born to live.

After clearing the table and washing dishes, Lynna gathered her gloves and garden tools, kissed her aunt’s cheek, and strolled to the garden. Carefully weeding and loosening the dirt around her roses, she picked one ruby red rose and started toward the house.
A deep, sultry voice stopped her dead in her tracks. “Good morning again, my love.”
Turning, her heart skipped a full beat and she had to restrain herself from rushing headlong into his arms. “Good morning, Joshua.” Wishing her aunt had remained at the Morehead plantation, Lynna scolded herself for the thought.
“You look exceptionally lovely this morning.” With his eyes perusing her from head to toe, he whispered, “I trust your night was satisfactory?”
“I look hideous and you well know it.” She turned her face away, realizing how repugnant her bruised face must look in the bright morning sunlight. “But to answer your question, I have no complaints, sir.”
“It you had, it would have indeed been a first.” When he smiled, his eyes shone and a dimple formed in his cheek.
“You sir, are outrageously conceited.” She tried to sound convincing, but failed as she herself couldn’t keep a straight face. 
“Admitted.” Taking the red rose from her fingers, he brought it to his lips, wishing it were some part of her anatomy instead. “Shall we take a walk…?” The slamming of the door halted him abruptly. Glancing up with an irritated frown, he found Judith approaching, bearing a tray.
“Joshua, I didn’t realize you were here.” So, it was Joshua. Judith could tell by the way the besotted man’s lips were almost caressing Lynna’s rose. “Come join us for a glass of lemonade. I fear it will be another scorcher today.” Placing the tray on the porch rail, she returned to the house. “I will just get another glass.”
“Any chance of your aunt being called away again tonight?” Joshua muttered.
“Joshua!” Lynna chastised him. “You sir, are far too self-assured of your charm and good…” she stopped herself short.
“Go ahead and admit it,” he teased, “my dashing good looks. I have been told that once or twice in the past by members of the opposite sex.”
She was about to berate the arrogant man when her aunt returned. Lynna removed her gloves and sipped the lemonade as Joshua’s heated perusal caused a knot to steadily tighten in the pit of her stomach.
“How have you been, Joshua?’ Judith queried.
“Never better, I can assure you,” his answer was directed toward her, but his smile was solely for Lynna’s benefit. “As of this moment, Judith, I am the happiest man alive.”
Lynna blushed, turning her head to face him.
“Will you be staying with us for awhile?” Judith smiled, thinking that maybe if she kept talking she might succeed in gaining a minute portion of his attention.
The smile left his face immediately as he looked at Lynna. She had succeeded in making him forget his purpose again, for he had wanted to be alone with her when he broke the news. “No. In fact, I’m afraid I must leave today.”
Lynna gasped as the glass she was holding slipped from her hand, watching as the dry earth greedily absorbed the liquid. Of course he would eventually return to Sea Grove, but why today? They had just found each other again. Bending to pick up the broken glass, her hands brushed Joshua’s as he bent to assist her. They had only parted a few short hours ago, yet she pined for his touch. When their eyes met their hunger for each other was clearly evident to Judith.
“How clumsy of me. My hands perspired in the gloves and the glass…slipped,” Lynna stammered, hoping she sounded convincing.
Judith took the broken pieces. “I will just take this glass inside before someone gets cut.”
Lynna waited until her aunt was safely in the house. “When are you leaving?” She couldn’t bring herself to look at him as her eyes stared unseeing into the copse of trees behind the cottage, the thought of the lonely days and nights to come settling around her.
Joshua took her soft hands in his, peering into her stunning blue gaze. “Within the hour, I fear. I couldn’t leave without seeing you. But it will only be a few short weeks until we can be together again at the Harvest Ball. It is my sincere wish that this will be our last separation, Lynna.”
Tears formed behind her thick fringe of lashes. It wasn’t fair. She shouldn’t have to give him up so soon. Wait! Their last separation? What did he mean? She was about to ask when much to her dismay, Suzanne came waltzing toward them primly holding up the lacy white hem of an elegant gown that would have been more appropriate for a lavish ball. Glancing at Lynna, she cried, “Oh, dear Lord! Lynna, look at your poor face. Whatever happened this time?”
“Another accident, as usual.” Lynna squatted, busying herself with pulling weeds.
“I see. Well, you have forever been exceedingly clumsy. Oh, Joshua, darling, there you are.” Ignoring Lynna, she leaned toward Joshua to brush nonexistent lint from his sleeve. “I have hardly had a moment alone with you and now I hear you are leaving us today. Why,” Suzanne continued her mewling drivel with a brilliant smile, “I must be losing my charm. Nonetheless there will be sufficient time for us to get reacquainted during the journey.”
This piqued Lynna’s curiosity. “What journey?” 
“Why, my journey with Joshua of course.” Suzanne wiped a light sheen of perspiration from her forehead, then beamed up at Joshua. “Father has granted permission for me to return to Charleston with you.”
“He did what?” Joshua’s tone was menacing as he glanced from Suzanne’s jubilant face to Lynna’s look of stunned horror. 
“For me to accompany you to Charleston, silly. You wouldn’t mind dropping me off at Cedar Hill, would you?” One hand went to rest on Joshua’s chest. “Why, Father would be simply devastated if you refused after he has extended you so much hospitality. Of course the remainder of the family will be following later to attend the Harvest Ball, but as I explained to father, Beth certainly could use my help with that spoiled little Bethany Breanne at such a busy time. So, willing to help in any way I can, I graciously volunteered to go on ahead and help with the preparations. Surely you don’t mind having little ole me for company on the long ride.” Tucking her arm in his, she maneuvered him away from Lynna. 
Lynna’s heart plummeted as Suzanne snatched the red rose from Joshua’s hand, broke the stem, and tucked it behind her ear. “Oh, thank you, Joshua, darling. Why, that is just what this outfit needed.” Silas appeared around the corner of the house and Suzanne tugged on Joshua’s arm to steer him toward her father. “Father wishes to have a word with you before we depart. Let’s not keep him waiting. And please,” she leaned toward him to whisper, “just agree with him when he prattles on and on about the dangers of us sharing a carriage for that length of time, and how it is of the utmost importance that my virtue remain intact.”
Lynna rushed to her room and remained inside, heartbroken, until the carriage rolled away in a swirling cloud of dust. She could not bear to witness Joshua’s departure or Suzanne’s gloating victory. Inconsolable, she went to the big house to visit with Jasmine, in search of her favorite comfort food, blackberry cobbler.
“Miz Suzanne sho’ nuff is taken wit’ Mist’ Joshua, ain’t she?” Jasmine commented while vigorously whipping cream.
“Yes,” Lynna mumbled, wishing Jasmine had broached any subject but the current one, “she certainly does seem to be.”
“He sho’ ain’t taken wit’ her doe. Actin’ like po’ white trash an’ runnin’ aftah dat man. Why Miz Mary let dat chile go, when Mist’ Joshua sho’ ain’t wantin’ ta take her, plum confusin’ me!”
“You know Suzanne always get her way, Jasmine.” Lynna sighed a defeated sigh. “I expect to hear any day now that she is moving to Charleston permanently.”
“Ole Jasmine ain’t miss much whut goes on round heah, an’ I’s heah ta tell you dat Miz Suzanne ain’t gwine be da one whut move ta Char’ston wit Mist’ Joshua.”
Lynna knew Jasmine spoke one truth. She didn’t miss many of the happenings around Magnolia House. And what little she did miss was soon filled in by one of her daughters. Rose, being Suzanne’s chambermaid, often was presented with the opportunity of listening to her mistress’s most private conversations. While Iris, the downstairs maid, reported the most infinitesimal details that may have slipped by the other two sets of ears. So Lynna knew better than to deny anything Jasmine said. “Whatever do you mean, Jasmine? Who do you suppose is moving to Charleston with him?”
“You is.” Jasmine chuckled.
Lynna was struck dumb. Had Joshua been revealing his innermost thoughts to Jasmine? She had to know. “Why Jasmine, I fear you are dreadfully mistaken. If anyone relocates to Charleston to reside with Joshua it will in all likelihood be Suzanne.”
“I ain’t wrong,” the old slave replied adamantly. “I can’t love dat chile no mo’ if’n she drapped out my own body. But she ain’t da one whut Mist’ Joshua done set his cap on.” She just could not keep a secret, no need in trying. “He done much as tol’ me so.”
Lynna dropped a spoonful of cobbler and was immediately by her side. “He told you what, Jasmine?”
“Well, he ain’t come rite out an tol’ me, but silent rivah’s run deep. His querstions done tol me all I need to know.”
“Querstions? I mean, what questions?” Lynna inquired, wanting to know every word that had passed between them.
“I cain recollect jus’ when it was, he jus’ come in heah one day axkin’ did I see yo face an axkin’ a bunch of querstions.”
“You didn’t tell him about Uncle Tobias, did you?” Lynna cried, praying that she hadn’t. She would be unable to bear the shame if Joshua discovered that her own uncle loathed her so. She would never be able to face him again. “Please promise me that you didn’t, Jasmine.”
Jasmine was at once contrite, seeing the shame on Lynna’s face. She would never hurt Lynna by admitting her own breach of trust. “No chile, I ain’t tol’ him dat de man he searchin’ fo’ is Tobias.” She turned her head away, shamefaced, unable to look Lynna in the eyes. She had never lied to her before and did not like doing so now one bit.
Lynna moved to hug the rotund woman, “Thank you, Jasmine. I knew I could trust you.”
Jasmine was consumed with guilt as she wrapped a slice of cobbler for Judith. Watching Lynna walk home, she wondered if Joshua had found that low life Tobias Mathison yet, and prayed fervently to the good Lord in heaven that he had.

  
Chapter 15 



It had been an eternity, but at long last the day arrived for their departure for Cedar Hill to attend the Harvest Ball. The morning dawned cool and overcast, promising a more comfortable journey than before. The birds chirping on her windowsill awakened Lynna and she rolled over, deciding to sleep a little longer. All at once she remembered what day it was and jumped up, running straightway to her aunt’s room. “We must hurry, Aunt Judith, and get dressed before the carriage leaves without us.”
“You are certainly anxious to get to Charleston. Why, I had no idea you missed Suzanne so much,” Judith teased, knowing full well Suzanne was the last person her niece desired to see.
Within the hour, Lynna, Judith, Mary, and Rose were again settled in the carriage for the long ride to Charleston. Lynna was scarcely able to sit still, leaving Mary puzzled. Judith and Rose knew the reason for her excitement. Lynna would soon be with the man she loved and the waiting was agony.

The ride was uneventful and they arrived at Cedar Hill late, extremely relieved to have finally reached their destination. Lynna fell into bed exhausted, and when she awakened the following morning the guests had already begun to arrive. The lawn was scattered with brightly colored gowns of every color, matching sunbonnets, and elaborate twirling parasols. She searched among the handsomely garbed men for Joshua, but he was nowhere to be found. Good. She had time for a leisurely bath before preparing to greet her new love, and the new day.

Feeling refreshed after soaking in a tub of lavender scented water, she realized that she was the happiest she had been… well, she couldn’t remember ever being this happy. Stretching lazily in front of the mirror, she closed her eyes and sighed, knowing soon she would be with Joshua. Her hands trembled so she could hardly accomplish the task of dressing. Combing her hair until it shone, she entwined blue ribbons to stream down her back to match her dress of blue watered silk, cut with a square neck and short puffed sleeves. She was ready, but too high-strung and jittery to go down just yet.
Going to the balcony she peered across the well-manicured lawn that bustled with activity as couples strolled arm in arm and children romped with delight. The delicious aroma of cooked pork and poultry drifted to her from below causing her to realize how hungry she was. From her lofty perch she could hear the shouts and laughter coming from the slave quarters, as they too were enjoying a feast. 
On this day the field hands did no work and were fed as much as they could eat. Afterwards there would be dancing and singing late into the night as the slaves celebrated the harvest, birth, and even death with throbbing music and dance. This was not the case on all plantations of equal size, but Samuel had inherited his father’s kind heart and belief that slaves were more productive when shown a fair amount of decency. When he enjoyed a day of revelry, so did his slaves.
Turning from the gay vista below Lynna drew a deep, cleansing breath. This was it. The moment she had been waiting for. Picking up her skirts she hastened down the stairs before she lost her wavering nerve. What she saw waiting patiently at the bottom of the stairs caused her heart to lurch. 
Joshua stood with one foot propped on the step, if possible even more handsome than she remembered in grey trousers and a fine white ruffled linen shirt. She took each step carefully, willing her feet to move, watching his grin widen as she drew near.
“There you are, my love, and even more beautiful than I remembered. It has been a long time… much too long.” He smiled, taking her hand in his and bringing it to his lips. “I have missed you, my sweet. More so than you could ever imagine.”
They gazed hungrily into each other’s eyes for several moments until Lynna at last found her voice. “I feared this day would never arrive.”
Placing her hand in the bend of his elbow, he grinned that devilish grin. “We will join the others for the noon meal and then I would have a private word with you, my love.”
Did she dare hope?

The long tables set up under the shade of fragrant magnolia trees were filled with a veritable feast. 
“Joshua Jordan, shame on you for attempting to keep Lynna all to yourself,” Malinda teased. “I haven’t had a chance to speak two words to her since she arrived.”
“Then you two go ahead and critique the fashion decision of every female in the county while I return to the tables for a second helping.” 
“I will have you know I do not gossip,” Malinda insisted.
“Then please, I beg you to excuse my egregious error.” Joshua chuckled. 
While Lynna chatted with the ladies, the men discussed their politics, plantations, and the North’s foolhardy notion of freeing slaves in the South.
Lynna didn’t have another chance to talk to Joshua alone before she and the other young ladies were dispatched to their rooms to rest before the Ball. She wasn’t the least bit tired and much too excited to sleep, so she sat on the edge of the bed twiddling her thumbs and wondering about Suzanne’s uncommon absence from the morning festivities. It was very unlike her to miss being the focus of a social function. When Lynna had questioned Mary earlier, she had been told Suzanne had a stomach malady and had decided to spend the day in bed so as to be well rested for the Ball later that night.
 
“Lynna, wake up, sleepyhead,” Judith’s voice sounded from seemingly far, far away. “It’s time to get dressed for the Ball.” 
Rubbing her eyes, Lynna slowly became aware of her aunt standing over her, grinning from ear to ear. “I simply cannot keep this secret a second longer. I have being positively dying to give this to you. Here, open it.”
Sitting up sleepily, Lynna opened the box her aunt had placed on the bed and suddenly came fully awake. “Oh, Aunt Judith!” A sob escaped as she lifted ruffle after ruffle of soft silky material and held it before her. It was the most exquisite ball gown her eyes had ever beheld. “It is….it’s….I have no words to describe it,” she marveled, fingering the expensive silk. “But where did you get the fabric and when did you find time to make it? You were so busy with Suzanne’s gowns.” Tears of love and immense gratitude glistened in her eyes.
Judith had promised Joshua she wouldn’t tell Lynna that he had purchased the material for the gown when he and Silas had ridden into town, along with a bolt of green silk for herself, and slipped it to their cottage undetected. Now she had to admit that Lynna’s gown was her best work to date, far surpassing any of Suzanne’s. “I stitched it in between Suzanne’s gowns, when you weren’t looking. The gown has love sewn in every stitch, darling.”
“Oh, Aunt Judith, you are simply too wonderful for words and I love you so much,” Lynna wept, hugging her fiercely. The gown was creamy yellow silk, off the shoulder, with frilly ruffles sewn into the full, hooped skirt that consisted of thirteen yards of fabric. Yellow satin formed a bow around the tiny waist. “Thank you. You could never possibly understand how much this means to me.” She glanced up with a beaming smile and gave her aunt the slightest hint of what the night promised. “But after tonight I believe you might have some idea.”


Many sighs were heard as Lynna descended the curving stairs looking the part of a regal queen arriving at her court. Joshua didn’t need to look, for he knew only Lynna could draw such a chorus of murmured responses. Sauntering toward the stairs he glanced up, stopping dead in his tracks, once again mesmerized by her dazzling beauty. When he was purchasing the material for her gown, he had imagined her slim figure sheathed in the yellow silk, but his imagination had failed to do her justice. She was breathtaking. 
He was afraid if he moved or even took a breath, the vision moving toward him would disappear. Jealousy surged through him when he observed the eyes of every other man in the room gazing at her with undisguised lust. The powerful emotion urged him forward to take her arm possessively, letting them know to keep their distance. She was his. “I always know when you enter a room, and as always you are ravishing.”
“Thank you, sir.” She took his hand, allowing him to draw her into his arms. “You cut quite a dashing figure yourself.”
Leaning over, his whispered words caressed her ear, “Would you care to dance, my love?”
“Only with you,” she breathed.
Leading her onto the floor they danced a lively reel, then he took her into his arms during the next slower tune, inhaling the lilac fragrance of her hair. The heat radiating from his body warmed her so that she wished desperately to be alone with him; to leave her sumptuous gown discarded on the floor and once again feel nothing save his strong arms encircling her.
“You make every female envious and leave men awestruck by your beauty.” He was gazing into her sultry azure eyes, glazed with her longing for him. “Let’s step outside, Lynna. There is something I would ask you.” 
Lynna’s knees went weak and her pulse quickened. 
Joshua took her elbow and steered her toward the open side doors, but as he turned he noticed Daniel bounding towards them.
“Joshua, my father would like a word with you, in private.” Daniel called in an uncommonly crisp tone to gain their attention, catching them before they could make their exit. 
“Can it wait, Daniel?” Joshua continued moving toward the balcony doors. “I have been attempting to have a word with this fair lady all day, yet we seem to be constantly interrupted.”
“No, Joshua, I’m sorry. It cannot wait.” Daniel’s words were solemn, although his eyes danced with excitement. “My father insists.” 
“Very well. Lynna, please excuse me.” As he walked away, Joshua turned to give her a sly wink and promise. “I shall return as quickly as possible. Keep a dance open for me.”
Lynna watched with concern etching her creased brow as Samuel followed Joshua into the parlor and closed the door swiftly behind him.
Malinda came rushing to her side. “Come, Lynna, while the men are cloistered in the parlor, let’s try the rum punch.”
Following Malinda to the punch bowl, they accepted a cup of the tasty mint beverage and nibbled on fresh from the oven oatmeal cookies. Popping the last bite into her mouth, Malinda pointed out the man of her dreams, and judging from his puppy dog eyes, he held no slight infatuation for her as well. Covering their mouths with dainty, hand painted fans, they giggled with the intoxicating exhilaration of new love. Unable to control her racing thoughts a moment longer, Lynna whispered behind her fan, “Malinda, I am almost positive your brother is about to ask me to become his wife.”
Malinda gasped, nodded her head once, and opened her mouth to speak, but then thought better of it and grabbed Lynna’s hand instead. She knew! Malinda already knew Joshua was going to propose. Was his entire family aware of it as well? 
Moving to stand on the verandah with Mary, Judith, Patricia, and Lynna, Malinda stood at an angle to keep the object of her affections always within sight and was deep in concentration, wondering how long it would take him to work up the courage to ask her to dance.
“What is taking the men so long in there?” Lynna wished for Joshua to hurry with his discussion of politics, secession, war, or whatever they were debating at the moment so she could twirl around the dance floor in his arms. 
“Where did the men run off to?” Patricia queried. 
“And where on earth is Suzanne?” Mary posed the question. “Has my daughter even come downstairs yet, or is she still in her room primping?”
“I hope Suzanne is feeling better,” Patricia added sympathetically.
“There she is.” Malinda frowned, noticing the smug smile on Suzanne’s face and not liking it one whit.
Suzanne exited the parlor of all places, in an extremely low cut, pink satin ball gown, with diamonds dripping from her ears, neck, and both wrists and with a triumphant smile on her face. Joshua followed close behind with a look of stark rage marring his handsome features. He sent Lynna a forlorn look of defeat and misery that almost sent her to her knees, as Suzanne clutched his arm possessively and followed eagerly behind her father. Samuel and Daniel followed, Samuel pushing Jeremiah’s chair.
What could this mean? Why was Suzanne so jubilant that she was almost floating across the room?
Once Suzanne and the men had made it through the throng to the bandstand, Silas immediately made his way to the band and motioned for them to stop playing. Silas climbed the two steps to the stage, clearing his throat. “Ladies and gentleman, I am glad you could be here tonight to share in our joy. I have an announcement to make,” he said, drawing everyone’s rapt attention and speaking loud enough for those in the back of the room to hear. “Tonight, I would like to announce the engagement and approaching marriage of my daughter Suzanne Nicolette Fletcher to Captain Joshua Jordan.”
Loud whoops and whistles arose from the crowd to deafening applause as the band struck up a merry tune, although some of the guests looked toward Lynna with a puzzled frown since she was the one who had been on Joshua’s arm most of the day. Applause and shouts of congratulations echoed from well wishers. 
“You finally fell in love didn’t you, Joshua?”
“It’s about time you settled down and raised a family!”
“After all these years, a little lady finally came along that was impossible to resist!”
“I knew someone would eventually tame the rogue!” 
Malinda was immediately by Lynna’s side and Lynna heard her softly whisper, “Oh my God, Joshua. What have you done?” 
This could not really be happening. There must be some mistake. But there wasn’t. She knew this when she stared into Suzanne’s gloating face. Judith rushed to take Lynna in her arms, as Malinda went to her mother’s side. Witnessing a stunned Patricia leaning against her furious daughter for support, Lynna lifted her skirts and raced up the stairs, praying with each step for the ground to open up and swallow her.

When Joshua could extricate himself from the crowd, and Suzanne’s clutches, without making a scene, he silently crept up the stairs. His hands trembled as he knocked softly, then opened the door to Lynna’s room to find her wrapped in her aunt’s arms, weeping pitifully. It was a sound that tore at his heart and made him hate his new fiancé with a renewed vigor. He yearned to hold Lynna, console her, and assure her that it was all a horrible misunderstanding. But he could not, for it was not a misunderstanding. It was a mistake of his own doing, and one he would be forced to pay penance for the remainder of his insufferable life. He had caused her so much pain. She had known nothing but abuse and suffering from the hands of men since the day she left France. “Lynna?”
Lynna didn’t realize Joshua had entered the room, so overcome by her feelings of pain and betrayal. When she glanced up, she quickly buried her head in her aunt’s shoulder, unable to look him in the eyes and let him see how profound her hurt was. He must never know the agony his and Suzanne’s treachery had caused her. She would hate him until the day she died for leading her to believe he loved her and wanted to marry her, when he had only been toying with her affections, while scheming and making wedding plans with Suzanne behind her back. She had never felt or looked more like such a consummate fool, nor had she ever hated anyone as she hated Joshua at that moment. “Please, Joshua. I wish to be left alone.” 
“Judith, would you mind if I have a private word with Lynna? Please?” His eyes beseeched Judith to be understanding. “There are some things I must… explain.” 
Judith was far from understanding any of this. “Can you not leave her alone, Captain Jordan, as she requested? Have you not caused her enough pain already?” Judith felt the urge to strip the expensive silk from Lynna’s back and throw it in his handsome face.
“Please, Judith? I beg of you.” Judith couldn’t deny the sorrow in his eyes. “I must try to explain all that has transpired tonight to Lynna. I owe her that much.”
Conceding, Judith left the room, but not before giving him a look that told him what she, being a lady, could not.
Joshua didn’t know where to begin. Everything had changed in a split second. Everything, except his feelings for Lynna. They were stronger than ever. Had his father not been in the parlor expecting his son to accept his responsibility and do what was right, he might have refused the demands of Silas and his sons entirely. But he could never embarrass his father, a man who had raised his son to be honorable in all matters even if it hurt. 
He needed to hold Lynna in his arms one last time before he lost her forever. Moving toward her he attempted to do just that, but she pulled away from his touch as though it had scalded her. “Don’t you dare touch me!” she cried, the enormity of her pain evident in her trembling voice.
“Please, listen to me, Lynna,” Joshua begged. “Don’t for one second believe I have any desire to marry Suzanne Fletcher. I am being forced into it against my will.”
“Forced by your greed,” she murmured brokenly. “You chose Suzanne over me because I live in a small cottage behind her huge plantation house, and my aunt and I work for our wages. Have you perhaps forgotten who my father is, Joshua?”
Her words were like a slap in the face, making him understand some of what she must be feeling. Without thinking, his hands bit into her shoulders. “Is that what you think? That I chose to marry Suzanne for her money? Why, you little fool!” He laughed harshly. “I am not seeking her money. You should know I have more than enough of own. And yes, I recall who your father is. If it was money I was after, don’t you think I would have jumped at the chance when you asked to me to marry you while onboard my ship three years ago?” 
“Then why?” Her pain was mirrored in her glistening eyes. “Why, Joshua?”
He went to stand at the open balcony door, staring out at the bench under the tree where they had sat that morning enjoying a delicious meal, remembering her gay laughter. “She is carrying my child. I have to marry her. Just as I would have married you under the same circumstances.”
“Are you certain?” Lynna cried, grasping for any sliver of hope. “Perhaps she is mistaken, as I was. Perhaps her…flow...is only late, as mine was.”
“Her father assures me it is so, Lynna.” His tone was final.
Suzanne? Carrying Joshua’s child? How could he allow this to happen, knowing full well the consequences of his dalliance with the insatiable Suzanne? Lynna wondered if he had any idea what a dismal future lay ahead of him being bound to her, then decided that they deserved each other. Leaving her to bear the brunt of suffering for their indiscretions. It was too much. She could not bear to be in his presence another second. “Joshua, please. Leave my sight.” she cried, throwing herself on the bed as pitiful sobs shook her slender frame. 
Hearing her sorrowful cries, Judith rushed into the room. Joshua opened his mouth to speak, but stopped short, realizing there was nothing more to be said. No way to ease Lynna’s pain or his guilt for causing it. 
With a sigh of defeat he left the woman he loved to join in the celebration with the woman he loathed. True, Lynna was miserable, but no more so than he would be with Suzanne tied like a ball and chain around his neck for the remainder of his wretched life. He left the room in search of whiskey, knowing a bottle of spirits would be his dearest companion for many years to come.

Late in the night when the celebration had ended, Lynna’s tears finally slowed as she lay snuggled against her aunt. “Thank you for understanding that I must go away, Aunt Judith,” she whispered into the dark night.
“Of course I understand, darling. And I agree. There is no reason for you to return to Magnolia House for the…” Judith had almost said wedding. “Your Aunt Gypsie will be thrilled that you have finally decided to visit her in Charleston.”

Theirs was a tearful farewell, but Lynna already knew how difficult it was to leave someone you loved behind. She wanted nothing more than to go home with Aunt Judith to their little cottage and close out the world around them, sequestered from any and all outsiders, but that would be impossible. Magnolia House would be a beehive of activity with plans for Suzanne’s upcoming nuptials and the lavish reception to follow. 
Her aunt would be working round the clock on a trousseau for the bride to be. Deirdre Chisholm would sew the actual wedding gown, she was sure. Only the best for the daughter of Silas Fletcher, and the bride to be of Captain Joshua Jordan. Mary would be ecstatic, bustling about, making wedding preparations. 
And Suzanne? Lynna prayed never to see her smirking face again. She recalled the glowing look of triumph Suzanne had worn when she had slithered into her room after all the guests had retired from the ball.
“Will you marry my dear brother now?” Suzanne had asked so sweetly Lynna was surprised sugar didn’t drip from her lips.
“No.” Lynna continued with her packing, hoping to hide her tear stained face. “I won’t be marrying anyone.”
“Well, why ever not?” Twisting the knife into Lynna’s heart a little deeper, she added, “We could have a double wedding. Would that not be a splendid affair?”
Lynna forgot her tears and spun around, wanting only to hurt her. Make her feel a small portion of the gut wrenching agony that ripped through her soul. Before she had the chance, Suzanne’s next words stopped her cold.
“Lynna, darling, I know how you must feel. But honestly, you really must forget any misguided illusions you had toward my betrothed. I know all about that silly night the two of you shared in Judith’s cottage. You must realize an occasional dalliance with a besotted female means nothing to a man like Joshua. He has, or had, them on a regular basis. I’m sure he will be quite content with what he has in his own bed now.” She smiled brilliantly for Lynna’s benefit. “Anyway, he told me about your little tryst and I was gracious enough to forgive him.”
“Forgive him? For what?” Lynna asked, disbelief written on her face. Joshua would never betray her confidence. “What are you talking about, Suzanne?”
“You don’t have to deny it, Lynna. It’s nothing to be ashamed of. It was beyond your control. I, of all people, know what a desirable man my future husband is. Why do you think I am marrying him? The poor dear told me how he went to deliver a message from your aunt, after the Morehead fire, and how you cried so pathetically and begged him to stay the night.” 
Suzanne watched Lynna closely for a reaction to her lie, but she kept her emotions well hidden. “I must admit I was furious when he told me, but then he does apologize so...lustily. He assured me you meant nothing to him, that he had only been trying to comfort you after your trying ordeal and things got carried away, so I forgave him.” Lynna must never know she had stood outside the open window that night and heard every word.
“My…ordeal?”
“Yes, with your uncle. You poor thing,” Suzanne cried with a twinkle in her eye. “To have an uncle who beats you. Why, I simply cannot imagine anything so heinous.”
A vision of Joshua and Suzanne together, laughing at her, him recounting to Suzanne how she had asked, no begged, him to stay after being beaten by her uncle sent a fresh wave of agony coursing through her. Dear God! She had been so blind. So stupid! Suddenly, she was actually able to smile through her tears as she envisioned the two of them growing old together. 

Just before midnight Lynna was a lone figure on the quiet streets of Charleston. Her carriage had busted a wheel on the outskirts of town, making it impossible for them to continue. Rather than wait until morning, she had taken one of the horses and continued to her aunt’s house alone, against the stern wishes of the driver. Glancing up, she saw the tower of Saint Michael’s Episcopal Church looming up ahead stately and proud, watching over the sleeping port city. It was then she noticed that the moon had a bright ring around it. What were the superstitions Jasmine had warned her of concerning a ring around the moon? She wished she had listened more closely.
Suddenly the horse slowed and pricked up his ears, alert. Lynna gradually became aware of a tinkling noise, as if from gently ringing bells. That was odd. She searched for the origin of the sound, but couldn’t see anything unusual as the moon chose that moment to hide behind the clouds. 
With increasing alarm Lynna became aware of a low, steady rumbling noise that seemed to come from underneath the ground, growing continually louder until it was almost deafening. 
And the church bells. All through the city, church bells began to ring in an erratic cacophony. Terrified, the horse reared and Lynna was thrown to the ground in a painful heap upon the suddenly shifting earth. In a blind panic she ran down the street until she came to the welcoming doors of Saint Michael’s.
Across the sleeping city eyes widened and fear took root in every citizen, as all around them chimneys crumbled and rained brick into the streets. As the thundering noise grew louder people ran into the streets, consumed with terror. The roaring and crashing noises continued for just over a minute then the noise suddenly stopped.
Inside the saintly structure of St. Michael’s the bells were chiming without the rope being pulled. Not their usual enchanting melody, but a horrible, uncontrolled noise that vibrated through the church. Dropping to her knees Lynna prayed harder than she ever had before, begging God to be merciful rather than just and allow her a quick death. She was sure this was her punishment for giving herself to Joshua without the sanction of the church. 
Joshua! If only she could be held in the safety of his strong embrace once more before she died. But that would never happen, for her life would soon be over. As if to add credence to her thought the earth beneath her feet suddenly heaved upward, sending holy statues from their pedestals behind the altar to crash to the floor only inches from where she lay crouched under a pew.
The trembling became extremely violent, causing the beautiful stained glass windows to shatter and fall to the floor around her. She knew nothing of the destruction that was destroying the city and claiming many lives outside the church. Her mind was filled with the ringing of the bells and the horrible rumbling noise. She remained in her crouched position, too terrified to move until the trembling earth stood still and the horrible clanging stopped. 
When all was quiet she crawled out from under the pew, not knowing which way to turn. The church was filled with thick, heavy smoke, making it difficult to breathe. In search of fresh air she made her way through the rubble across overturned pews and crumbling statues, falling every other step and cutting her hands and knees on the broken glass and other debris littering the aisle. She moved steadily forward toward the dim light filtering through the open door, fearing what she might find when she reached it. The full moon was bright, but the smoke and dust created a thick fog, hiding most of the destruction from her view until the stark morning light would illuminate it.
Her horse was nowhere to be found and she could only pray that her driver had survived the chaos. She must hurry and reach her aunt’s house and send someone back for him. She looked around at the crowd that was beginning to gather in the streets, a crowd that had been roughly yanked from their beds.
Lynna was lucky she had been in the business district when the earthquake struck the city of Charleston. Had she been in the residential section, she would have heard the screams as the bodies of men, women, and children were pulled from the wreckage.
As she moved carefully through the crowded streets, fires burned out of control all around her, crackling sparks being carried high into the sky on the breeze that blew in from the river. Men, women, and children formed a human conveyor belt, carrying water to put out the innumerable fires. Her first impulse was to join them and help, but first she had to find her aunt and be assured that she wasn’t hurt, or worse.
Breaking into a run, sharp talons of fear dug into her sides, urging her forward. She ran until her parched throat and aching sides forced her to slow down. It was then that she saw her aunt standing on her front stoop and noticed candlelight flickering in the window. It appeared to Lynna like a beacon guiding a ship in a violent storm and she followed the light. Breathing a heartfelt sigh of relief to find the house miraculously intact, she rushed into her aunt’s outstretched and welcoming arms.

Many of the picturesque homes and stately mansions of Charleston were destroyed during the earthquake, but by far the worst tragedy was the loss of life. Many people were killed in their sleep, while others were trapped under the rubble waiting, knowing there would be no chance for a rescue until morning. Some died before the rescuers could dig them out, while many of the severely burned or injured prayed for the relief that only death could bring.
Over the destruction, the tower of Saint Michael’s could be seen as a reminder to the people of Charleston. They had survived disastrous fires, tidal waves, hurricanes, and tornadoes in the past. The earthquake had proven to be a formidable foe, but the Holy City would not give up. She would come back stronger than ever.
However Lynna’s dear Aunt Gypsie didn’t have the courage to remain and watch the long process of rebuilding. Miraculously her shotgun house had sustained only minor damage, but no matter which room in the house she happened to be in, when she looked out the window her eyes fell upon destruction.
Her once beautiful city, where her beloved late husband had been born, raised, and buried, now more closely resembled a battlefield. A battle Charleston had lost. 
The downtown area still smoked from the raging fires that had swept the city. Now there were only ashes where a thriving business district had once been. Gypsie had lost two of her dearest friends to the earthquake and the pain was almost unbearable. 

The following morning Lynna returned from a walk around the smoking city to find her aunt staring dismally out the window, a pathetic sight.
“Aunt Gypsie, are you ill?” This disheveled woman was a poor caricature of the effervescent aunt she remembered.
It was a long time before Gypsie could trust herself to answer. “No, Lynna. I’m fine physically, although emotionally I am a wreck. I cannot remain in Charleston.” She took a deep breath and continued, “After careful consideration I have decided to visit my sister Bertie and her husband Cliff in Jamaica.”
Now where would she go? Certainly not back to Magnolia House. To Cedar Hill! Perhaps she could borrow the needed funds from Samuel to return to France and her father. “I think that is a splendid idea, Aunt Gypsie. You will feel much better away from this destruction.”
“Oh, I certainly don’t intend to go by myself. I mean for you to accompany me, Lynna. I couldn’t possibly travel alone, and after the awful tale of betrayal you told me last night, you have no reason to remain here either,” Gypsie insisted, still gazing out the window upon her ruined city. “We will send a message to Judith and sail on the first ship out. Neither of us will return until our beloved Charleston has risen from the ashes like the phoenix that she is.”


Chapter 16 



The searing heat of an Indian summer was a force to be reckoned with as Suzanne and Daniel perspired in rocking chairs on the verandah at Magnolia House. Suzanne’s ever present slave child fanned unenthusiastically by her side, stopping often to swat at a pesky insect and cause Suzanne to cast an evil eye her way. Daniel’s eyes were lowered, ashamed for having gone along with his sister’s calculating scheme to coerce Joshua into marriage, especially since the ploy had been such a stunning failure. 
True, Suzanne had finagled a proposal from Joshua, but Lynna was now an ocean away and Daniel accepted the fact that he was partially responsible for dooming Joshua to a lifetime of misery for naught. He hung his head guiltily. “Have you gotten yourself with child, yet, dear sister?” His tone conveyed his true feelings for his sibling. “The wedding is tomorrow, you know.”
“I know when my own wedding is, Daniel Fletcher! And no, I am not carrying Joshua’s offspring, yet. However,” she added confidently, “after tomorrow I should have no difficulty resolving that minor problem.” She smiled dreamily in anticipation of the many nights to come in Joshua’s arms. “No, after my wedding tomorrow it shouldn’t be too difficult at all.”

The wedding was a simple affair. Suzanne had begged and pleaded for a grand event complete with an orchestra, dancing, and hundreds of guests. But, for once, Silas had put his foot down and gone against his daughter’s wishes, and her mother had agreed that due to her condition the ceremony would not be an elaborate one.
Few people saw her in the virginal, white silk organza wedding gown, boasting a ten foot train, that had been painstakingly stitched by Deirdre Chisholm. The gown was magnificent and had set Silas back a small fortune, but Suzanne and her parents were certain there had never been a more beautiful bride. Her bridegroom saw nothing at all extraordinary about her. He made the requisite responses during the vows, but his mind was far, far away.
After the ceremony, with his wife’s arm entwined securely through his, Joshua drank to toast after toast, already feeling suffocated by her cloying nearness. He relaxed somewhat as the chilled liquid warmed his insides, but no matter how much he imbibed he could not drown out the vision of Lynna’s tear stained visage.
When at last Silas claimed his daughter for a dance, Joshua took the opportunity to slip outside unobserved. He had to get away from the crowd, the music, the heat, and his wife. Wife? God, how did he allow this to happen? As he turned the corner of the house, his eyes fell on Lynna and Judith’s cottage. Would she ever return? Should he be made to pay for the rest of his natural life for his foolish mistake? The thought of his child being raised by Suzanne’s hands alone was all the answer he needed. He would not wish that fate on his worst enemy, and never on his own flesh and blood. He might be made to suffer a lifetime of misery, but his child would not.
Long before the festivities had ended, Joshua stumbled upstairs to their room with the help of his wife. Their room. He could hardly abide the notion of being in the same house with the shrew. As she undressed him, Suzanne let her hands wander slowly over his body, caressing him until they drew the desired response. Leaving her expensive wedding gown in a crumpled heap on the floor she ignored the sheer peignoir that had been laid on her bed and stretched out beside him. Pressing her slim body against his, she continued moving her hands over his muscular frame until they reached his manhood, taking it firmly in hand.
Joshua gasped and pulled her close as their lips met in a rough kiss, causing passionate moans to erupt from her throat as his lips slid down her neck to nibble at her small breast. Suzanne smiled deliciously as his hands slid over her hip, then up the curving waist. She now had all she needed in this life. No man had the power to make her body ache for his touch the way Joshua did and he was her husband, now and forever.
Joshua stopped and opened his eyes, realizing the woman in his bed was not Lynna. No, even in the dark, and officially drunk, he could differentiate between their bodies and vastly differing curves. “Suzanne,” he slurred drunkenly. 
All at once the events of the day came rushing back and he released her, repulsed by her touch. He may have been forced to marry her, but he damn well did not have to share her bed. Turning over, he closed his eyes, his steady breathing confirming to Suzanne that he had fallen asleep, on their wedding night, without consummating their vows.
Being quite sure of her charm and appeal, Suzanne came to the erroneous conclusion that his rejection was to be blamed on the large quantity of wine and rum consumed during their reception. She was confident that was it. After all, what man of sound mind could fall asleep with her naked body pressed against him? She had let him shirk his duty tonight, but no more. She could not afford to waste precious time. He had to plant his seed in her and quickly, before everyone, but especially Joshua, learned of her deceit.

Much later, after Joshua was sure his bride was asleep, he crept silently from the house and into the barn for his rendezvous with the provocative slave girl Juanita. She had traveled with them from Sea Grove to assist Malinda and his mother. Perhaps a few hours with her would help him dismiss from mind his current plight. How had he gotten himself into this sorry state of affairs? It was a query that reiterated over and over in his scrambled brain as he waited for Juanita to appear. He was married to a woman he despised, while the woman he truly loved was... God only knows where. 
He had asked Judith shortly after the wedding, pleaded with her in fact for Lynna’s whereabouts. She had looked at him with unmasked fury in her eyes, informing him that if Lynna had wanted him to know her destination she certainly would have told him herself. 
Nobody would tell him where she was. Suzanne, Daniel, Silas, and Mary pretended not to know her whereabouts. Even Jasmine could not be persuaded or tricked into revealing Lynna’s secret hiding place. He had ridden into Charleston in hopes of speaking with her Aunt Gypsie, but although her house remained standing amid the rubble of the city, it was locked up tight as a drum and Gypsie was nowhere to be found. Thankfully the earthquake had done little damage to Sea Grove or Cedar Hill.
Joshua resigned himself to the fact that Lynna didn’t wish to be found, not by him anyway. He couldn’t blame her for hating him. Hell, he hated himself. 
Hearing a noise, Joshua grinned as Juanita stretched out in the hay beside him. If anyone could clear his head she could.

A few hours later, with both of them spent, Juanita whispered against his ear, “Dey’s sumphin I needs ta tell you.”
“What’s that?” he mumbled against her ear, sleepily.
Juanita loved Joshua, had for several years, and knew her words would make him happy. “Rose done tol’ me dat Miz Suzanne ain’t knocked up for real.”
Joshua chuckled, rising up on his elbow to face her. “And how would Rose know this?”
Juanita crossed her arms over her chest and pursed her full lips, perturbed that Joshua would doubt her word. “Cuz she wash’ her clothes, an’ she done be seein’ proof evah month dat she still be havin’ her curse. Dat’s how.”
Joshua sat straight up. Of course. Suzanne had lied all along. And he had been stupid enough to believe her without question. Oh, but she would pay. Dearly. Not only for her deception, but for breaking the heart of the woman he loved.

Joshua and Suzanne had been married for an entire week and still he hadn’t touched her. She was forever trying, unsuccessfully, to lure him into her bed with skimpy negligees, whiskey, and even a voodoo love potion from one of the slaves. She was confident that Joshua’s resistance was weakening and he would be unable to deny himself much longer. What man could?
They had left for Sea Grove the day after the wedding where Joshua had insisted on separate bedrooms, ignoring the questioning glances of servants and family. Suzanne had been furious, with loud bouts of crying, pouting, and screaming. Patricia, who had never heard such carryings on in all her born days, rushed to calm the distraught girl, but was unsuccessful and after a few minutes of her caterwauling eagerly fled the room. 
Suzanne would have been positively irate to learn the servants were fair rolling with mirth behind her uppity back, due to the fact that Joshua refused to share the bed of his eternally sniveling wife.
Malinda steadfastly refused to welcome her new sister into the family fold, pulling Joshua aside and accusing, “You told me not to worry, that you would never allow yourself to be trapped by Suzanne’s feminine wiles. Instead, you succumb to her… dare I say… meager charm, and wind up committing yourself, and this entire family, to a lifetime of misery.”
“I could not agree with you more, Malinda,” Joshua agreed, climbing the stairs in search of the voluptuous Juanita. She could help drown his sorrow tonight. “Admittedly, I was a fool, but I seriously doubt the misery I have brought on this family will last a lifetime.”
“Joshua, whatever do you mean?” she shouted to his retreating back.
At the top of the stairs, Joshua turned, put his finger to his lips, winked, and when he was just outside Suzanne’s door, shouted for the very agreeable Juanita to join him in his room.

Just after midnight Suzanne stood beside Joshua’s bed and began slowly and seductively removing her clothes. “Joshua darling, what is it about me that you find so unattractive? Is my body so repugnant that you cannot bear to touch me? How can you stomach lying with a nasty slave when your own wife is waiting with open arms?” Naked, she held out her hands. “I am your lawfully wedded wife. Please, make love to me.”
Joshua was totally void of any emotion as he declared unequivocally, “I will not risk jeopardizing the life of my child. When the child is safely delivered, then, and only then, will I execute my marital duties.”
“Duties?” she snarled. “You never considered it a duty before.”
He didn’t even attempt to stifle a yawn as he turned over, ignoring her still outstretched arms.
“How in the hell am I suppose to deliver a child when you refuse to touch me?” she gritted through clenched teeth. With a shriek of anger she fled the room, slamming the door hard enough to send picture frames leaping from the walls. 
Suzanne knew time was fast running out and she was getting desperate. People would soon start questioning why she was not showing. What would she tell them? Several times she had caught Joshua fixated on her flat stomach. She caught the glimmer in his eyes and the smile that played across his lips and imagined he was thinking of his little brat that she carried safely inside her. The horror! Even though the mere thought of ruining her slim figure appalled her, she had no other choice. 
In a state of total desperation she realized that Joshua might not desire her, but plenty of other men did. She may never know who fathered her child, and she didn’t care. Her only concern was creating one before it was too late. Besides, it would serve Joshua right to raise another man’s offspring after his cruel and neglectful treatment of her. 
So it happened that by the end of their first fortnight as man and wife, Suzanne had frequently been with William, the new stable boy her father-in-law had hired, and Sawyer, the son of a neighboring plantation owner. She found Sawyer to be too unskilled, and William too slow for her taste, but after a few weeks under her tutelage, William was soon able to satisfy her. 
She was distraught the following morning to find undeniable proof that she didn’t carry Joshua’s, or anyone else’s child. What if there was some female problem and she was unable to conceive? How would she excuse such deceit to Joshua? 
If she hadn’t been so convinced she would become with child presently after their marriage, she could have feigned a miscarriage, but Joshua would in all likelihood have had the marriage annulled. How was she to know he would avoid her like the plague? He must have ice water flowing through his veins instead of blood.

Joshua, on the other hand, was sure beyond any doubt now that Suzanne was not carrying his child. She had paraded around in front of him naked often enough, trying to entice him into her bed.
The following days he kept a careful vigil and observed closely her every move. He was watching when she slipped silently out of the house around midnight. He saw her greet William, with no small amount of exuberance, and the two of them enter the barn from the rear. He waited and then crept silently inside, guided to their hiding place by Suzanne’s passionate moans. Walking to the edge of the dimly lit stall, he stood watching them, actually feeling sorry for the man as Suzanne dug her long nails into his back, trying to devour him.
“Well now, what have we here?” Joshua drawled, smiling pleasantly. “Evidently I have ignored my duties as a husband for too long and my darling wife was forced to turn elsewhere for satisfaction. Although I sincerely doubt that any one man is even capable of such a monstrous feat.”
Suzanne gasped in horror, pushing William from her roughly as she grabbed her gown and tried to cover herself. “Oh, thank goodness you came when you did, Joshua,” she sobbed, breathlessly. “He threatened to kill me if I didn’t submit to him!”
“You are saying the moans I heard were cries of fear?” Joshua was enjoying her groveling immensely.
“Yes! Oh Joshua, I was so terrified,” she cried, clutching her gown to her breasts as she nervously reached out to him. “Thank God you arrived in time.”
“Don’t touch me, Suzanne. And please do not think me dimwitted. Your touch sickens me.” He watched her cringe from the pure malice reflected in his voice. “I watched you from the time you left the house until now and you certainly were not forced against your will. In fact, you were enjoying yourself so much that in all honesty I regretted having to disturb you.”
“You bastard!” she sneered, sensing the ruse was over. “I know what you hope to accomplish with your hateful words. But believe me, you will never get an annulment. And Lynna will have you only over my dead body.”
“That can be arranged, I assure you,” he replied ominously. “And you are woefully mistaken, Suzanne. You see, you will grant me an annulment, for I have witnesses who will attest that you copulated with them during our marriage. Our Marriage! Hah!” He laughed harshly. “What a farce. But not to worry, for it is all but over.” His eyes were green shivers of ice. “You will grant me an annulment or I will drag your family’s good name through the mud and there will be a scandal the likes of which Georgia has never seen.” He turned to William, who was still cowering against the wall. “William, will you swear in a court of law that you fornicated with my new bride?”
“Yes sir, Mister Jordan. Be happy to,” he replied eagerly. “We forn’cated more times than I can count, in fact.” He was getting off lightly if that was all he had to do. He didn’t even glance at Suzanne as he made a hasty retreat from the barn. He had expected Mister Jordan to kill him when he caught him with his new wife. Instead, much to his surprise, the man had actually seemed genuinely pleased to find them going at it. Damn. Rich people was a peculiar lot.
“Get packed, Suzanne. I will be returning you to your parent’s home first thing in the morning. If you agree to the annulment, we can put this entire fiasco behind us and move on with our lives. If not, then I feel reasonably certain your parents will be both distressed and appalled to learn of your lies and multiple indiscretions.”
“Joshua, you cannot mean this.” Suzanne could not let him go, not without one last try. “You could love me if you would only give yourself the chance. Joshua, please. William meant nothing to me. It was a mistake.” 
“And Sawyer,” Joshua sneered, “was he a mistake as well, Suzanne?”
Her gasp echoed through the otherwise quiet barn. “What? How did you…?”
“That doesn’t matter. What matters is that I don’t care to love you.” His tone was final as he looked her dead in the eyes before turning and walking out of the barn, and out of her life. “Lynna is the only woman I will ever love.”


Chapter 17 



The magnificent waterfall cascading down the mountain reminded Lynna of a giant staircase rising majestically up the face, with lacy moss clinging to the smooth stones under rushing water. The sight left her breathless. If ever there was a paradise, Jamaica was it. Almost without thinking she had removed her dress and plunged into the inviting water, knowing she had found her place of peace and tranquility in this new land. Many times since coming to Jamaica she had climbed the sloping path to the top of the waterfall, tempted to dive into the deep pool below, but her courage always fled when she stood at the top of the precipice looking down. 
She left the water, shaking her head as her eyes wandered over the tanned legs on display below her chemise. The Jamaican sun had turned her skin a light golden brown. Would she ever be magnolia blossom white again? Probably not as long as she remained in Jamaica which she hoped was a long time to come. She had no desire to return to Magnolia House. Her only regret was that Aunt Judith couldn’t be here to enjoy the splendor of this lush tropical paradise with her.
“Hello.”
Horrified, Lynna gasped. She had just climbed out of the pool and quickly darted to the shadows of the forest, scrambling to grab her dress and clutch it to her breast. “Oh, hello.” She exhaled a deep sigh of relief to witness a little girl with long golden locks similar to her own smiling back. “I didn’t realize anyone else was here.”
The child giggled secretively. “You never do.”
Lynna immediately panicked. Who else had been watching her? “You mean you have been here before when I was swimming?”
“Oh, yes, lots of times. I told Father and told him there was a beautiful mermaid who lives in the pool at the waterfall, but he never believes me.” Removing her shoes, she dangled her dainty little feet in the cool refreshing water looking Lynna over from head to toe. “I finally convinced him to accompany me today, but just when we were about to leave there was yet another problem at the distillery and he couldn’t come. He never fails to get called away whenever we try to have fun together.”
“Thank God for that.” Lynna shivered involuntarily at the thought. “Not when the two of you try to have fun, but today in particular. It would have proven most embarrassing for me if he had accompanied you.”
“You are a mermaid, aren’t you?” The child asked with all seriousness, leaning over to give Lynna’s feet a closer inspection and seeming extremely crestfallen to find feet instead of a tail. “My mother would read me stories about mermaids. I know they are beautiful creatures that live in water and have fancy tails. Where is your tail?”
Lynna’s hand went to cover her mouth, not wanting the child to think she was ridiculing her. “Thank you very much for the compliment, but no, I fear I am not a mermaid. See? I have legs and feet just like you. Come sit with me and tell me your name. I am new to the island and know few of its people.”
The child looked at her curiously, evidently deciding she liked her even though she didn’t have a fish tail. “My name is Crystal. My father named me for the crystal clear water in this very pool,” she announced proudly before her angelic face clouded with sadness. “Mother and I used to come here every day and swim before she died.”
“I’m so sorry. I know how you must miss her.” Lynna knew all too well the pain caused by the loss of a parent. Then hoping to change the subject and brighten the child’s mood she asked, “Where do you live? It must be close by.”
“At Eden.”
“What a fitting name. Is your home very far?”
“No, father will not allow me to go far and I am eight years old. Can you credit that he still treats me like a child? He is such an old fussbudget.” 
“I’m sure your father worries about you only because he loves you so much. If you were my daughter I wouldn’t allow you stray too far from home either. Now you were telling me where Eden is.”
“Oh, it’s on the other side of the cane field.” Crystal stood up, her eyes twinkling. “Will you come home with me so father will know that I did not create you in my imagination?” she pleaded. “Please?”
“No, I couldn’t. Your father is busy, you said yourself that there was a problem this morning at the distillery. We would not want to interfere with his work.”
“Oh, he’s always busy. He will stop work to see you, though,” she begged. “Please?”
How could she refuse such a darling face? “All right, just let me get dressed. But I can only stay a short while since it’s almost lunchtime.”
“Come on.” Crystal giggled. “Let’s go eat a stinking toe. I’m hungry.”
Lynna couldn’t have heard the child correctly. She could not have invited her to consume a stinking toe. “Excuse me?” Although she had heard from her Uncle Cliff that Jamaicans had rather bizarre appetites.
“I said a stinking toe, or ‘tinkin toe,’ as some Jamaicans call it, because the seedpods look like big, fat toes and have the scent of smelly feet. It is delicious, and the pulp is very sweet. Father says it is good medicine, relieving headaches and rheumatism.”

A short while later Lynna wiped the sweat from her brow, munching on the sweet meat of a stinking toe as they rode down the narrow road that snaked through the sugarcane fields. The sugarcane stalks rose ten feet into the air, blocking even the slightest breeze from reaching them, yet allowing the blazing sun to beat relentlessly upon their heads. She clung to the side of the little cart for dear life as it bounced over the ruts in the road pulled by a frisky little donkey. Much to Lynna’s relief, when they cleared the twin fields of towering cane stalks Eden was visible in the distance. 
Crystal took her on a guided tour of the plantation describing in surprising detail the many buildings they passed. First were the coolie houses, row after row of cabins surrounded by trees to block out the tropical sun. Lynna knew that sugarcane, often described as a rich man’s crop, was so labor intensive and had such a relatively small window for harvesting that coolies on plantations were often literally worked to death. Owners often found it cheaper to bring in fresh workers than to treat coolies humanely. After a day of intense labor the coolies could most often be found drowning their sorrow in rum or smoking the ganja.
Next were the workshops for the blacksmiths, carpenters, and coopers. Then there were the overseer’s cottage, the office, and the bookkeeper’s cottage. Crystal stopped the cart in front of Eden, a large plantation house similar to the ones back home. 
“There you are, little lady. You almost missed lunch,” a voice boomed from the verandah.
Lynna turned to find a handsome man emerging from the side doors of the house with a wide grin at the sight of the lovely vision with his daughter.
Crystal jumped from the cart into her father’s waiting arms. “Father, this is the mermaid I was telling you about. Isn’t she beautiful? But you were right, she isn’t really a mermaid, and she doesn’t even have a tail. Alas, she is just like us.”
“Cheer up, my darling. Perhaps she is an enchanted mermaid with the ability to take human form at will. And yes, she does possess an exceptional beauty to be a mere mortal.” Coming around to Lynna’s side, his eyes twinkled as he whispered, “I’m sorry if she caused you any embarrassment, but she is an inquisitive child with a very vivid imagination. Please, accept my apologies.” Extending his hand, he introduced himself, “I am Michael Devereux, and the little minx is my daughter.”
“Lynna Mathison,” she replied, taking his hand. “I assure you there is nothing to apologize for. Your daughter is adorable and quite an accomplished tour guide.” His hands on her waist were firm as they lifted her from the cart. Lynna noticed he hadn’t shaved and had a flashback to when she was a child and her father would beard her, as he referred to his mischief making. In the morning before he shaved, he would chase her, grab her in his arms, and rub the scratchy prickles of his unshaven cheek lightly across the tender part of her neck sending her into peals of gay laughter. Her eyes welled at the thought. Why had her own father forsaken her?
“Will you join us for lunch?” Michael asked, catching her completely off guard. “We don’t receive female company much out here and would be delighted if you would accept our invitation.”
She shook her head. “No, I really could not.” 
“Please, Lynna?” Crystal pleaded. “Have lunch with us.”
Although her aunts would surely think her having lunch with total strangers inappropriate, why not? She was hoping to make friends on the island and here was her first opportunity. “All right, but I feel as though I am imposing on your generosity.”
“Nonsense,” Michael said, then couldn’t resist adding, “After all, how often does one have an honest to goodness mermaid to lunch?”
“Oh, sir, I fear you are a terrible jokester.” Lynna laughed. “How will I know when to take you seriously?” 
Meeting her eyes, he smiled. “You will know.” Then lifting his giggling daughter, he carried her into the house perched on his muscular shoulders before sending her to wash for lunch.
“You home is lovely, Mr. Devereux,” Lynna admired the richly appointed furnishings and the wide-open, airy expanse of the house. “How long have you lived here?”
“Please, call me Michael. And yes it is lovely, but I cannot claim ownership. I only oversee the plantation during the owner’s absence.” There was a harshness in his tone she hadn’t detected earlier.
“I see.” She realized at once she had hit upon a touchy subject.
“It was an understandable mistake. You see I was the overseer here for several years before the original owner passed away. He had no living kin to pass the estate to, so the plantation, distillery, acreage, and coolies were auctioned off to the highest bidder.”
“And where is the new owner?” she wondered aloud, seeing that Michael and Crystal seemed at home in the big house.
“He isn’t the new owner. Eden has been his for the past several years. In answer to your question he travels a great deal, coming here only occasionally to check on his investment.
“He must trust you implicitly.”
“I have never given him reason not to,” Michael stated simply, leading the way to the dining room and seating her at the table.
“What are we having for lunch?” Crystal asked, holding her hands up to verify they were clean.
“A traditional Jamaican delicacy, cow’s feet soup.” Her father winked and grinned.
Lynna shuddered, thinking the island’s inhabitants certainly considered toes and feet to be appetizing fare. Hopefully he was only teasing again.

After a pleasant lunch of shrimp in coconut cream sauce and molasses cake for dessert, they sought out the shade of the verandah to ward off the afternoon heat. Lynna couldn’t help but be amazed as she surveyed the vast workings of a sugar plantation. “I had no idea there was so much involved in making the spoonful of sugar I add to my coffee every morning.”
“You are not alone. Few people realize how labor intensive the making of sugar really is.” Standing, he moved to the edge of the porch to gaze across the towering cane fields. “Would you like to see the cane works? They should prove fascinating as well.”
She caught the note of pride in his voice when he spoke of the mill. “I really would love to see it, just not today. My aunts will be worried if I don’t return home soon and I’m certain you have work to do. Could I perhaps see it another day?”
“Certainly, whenever you wish.” He smiled. “I can’t think of a more enjoyable way to pass an afternoon.”
Lynna felt herself blush as she stood to smooth the wrinkles from her skirt. “Now, if I may borrow your daughter, I’m afraid I don’t quite know my way around yet.” She quickly discovered that to be an impossible request, as Crystal was sleeping soundly on the cushioned porch swing.
“I will do the honors of escorting you home.” Michael chuckled as he called for the cart to be brought back around.
“No, absolutely not,” Lynna insisted. “I could not possibly take you away from your work. I have taken too much of your time already.”
“Stop fretting over my work. This place will not fall apart if I take a few hours off. And anyone who witnesses your beauty certainly will not begrudge me the time.”
“Sir, you are an outrageous flatterer.” 
“You know the old adage, if the shoe fits…” Thus said, he helped her into the cart.
The ride home was eventful. They stopped often, with Michael pointing out sights she might otherwise have missed. She took this time to study him more closely. He was of average height and build, a few inches taller than her, with sandy brown hair. Handsome in a boyish way, his brown eyes sparkled when he smiled.
“How am I supposed to take you home when I don’t even know where you live? Don’t that beat all. I forgot to ask.” He laughed and thumped the heel of his hand to his forehead. “Perhaps you are a charmed mermaid, with the power to cast a spell making a man forget all else but you.”
“Perhaps I am,” she smiled slyly and raised an eyebrow, surprised to realize that she was actually flirting with this stranger. 
Michael threw back his head and laughed heartily. “My daughter and I are going to enjoy having you around. Enchanted or not, you brighten the day.” They stopped at a crossroads and he asked, “What brings you to Jamaica?”
She could never reveal Joshua’s cold and callous treatment of her, so instead she gave the most recent set of tragic events. “I was on my way to visit my aunt in Charleston when an earthquake struck.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.” He took her hand to comfort her. “What a terrible tragedy. Did your aunt survive as well?”
“Yes, but she was quite distraught and insisted we leave the city until Charleston can be rebuilt. That is why we are here.” Lynna looked out across the rows and rows of sugar cane as far as the eye could see. “And I must admit, Jamaica is doing a wonderful job of soothing our troubled souls.”
“Well I cannot say I’m happy the earthquake devastated Charleston, but I am happy you and your aunt chose our island as the place to heal.”
“Actually, I am, too. I could not ask for a more beautiful place, or to meet nicer people than you and your charming daughter.”
He reached to push a lock of stray hair behind her ear, surprising Lynna with his boldness. “Thank you kindly, my beautiful mermaid. Now let us get you out of this unforgiving sun. Which way?”
“Left…um…right, maybe…um…I’m not sure,” she replied with a perplexing look. “I am visiting my aunt and uncle at Springfield. Perhaps you know of it?”
He turned to her with a shocked expression. “Springfield? I cannot believe Cliff And Bertie failed to mention they had a niece who was so lovely. I’ll make a point to call on them more often.” He grinned, flashing a gleaming white smile.

Springfield was a quaint little house. Lynna’s first impression when seeing the house was that it reminded her of a gingerbread cottage. Her Uncle Cliff was short and bald with a perpetual smile on his face. Aunt Bertie stood a foot over him, her long grey hair braided and pinned atop her head. The two constantly joked and teased each other, but when their eyes met it was something close to worship that visitors saw. 
Bertie, Cliff, and Gypsie came down the steps when the little cart rolled up to the door. “Hello Michael, I see you found our errant niece and brought her home,” Cliff teased, shaking Michael’s hand. “We were about to form a search party.”
“I was not lost, Uncle Cliff.” Lynna laughed. “But yes, Michael was kind enough to drive me home.”
“Why you must be famished, child,” Bertie worried. “It’s almost supper time and you missed lunch. Come in the house and I will prepare a plate for both of you.”
“Don’t bother, Aunt Bertie. I had lunch with Michael and his charming daughter, Crystal.”
“Oh, did you now?” Bertie was obviously pleased with the idea of a prospective romance, especially one that could possibly keep Lynna on the island permanently. “Then it is only fair you stay to supper with us, Michael.”
“I wish I could, Bertie,” Michael was already climbing back into the cart. “But I still have a few hours of work to complete before the sun sets. Will the invitation hold until tomorrow evening?”
“It certainly will. We will see you then and bring Crystal,” Bertie reminded him. “It has been too long in between visits.”
“I will. She has been pestering me every day to bring her over to see all of you.” As the cart pulled away, Michael called over his shoulder and winked at Lynna. “She will be delighted.”
“What a fine young man,” Gypsie said, as they watched Michael disappear down the dirt road in a cloud of dust.
“That he is,” Bertie assured her, going to place her arm around Lynna’s shoulder and usher her into the house. “A more charming man is not to be found, and such a sweet little daughter, poor thing. A child without a mother is such a pity.”
“And a hard worker too,” Cliff added. “But he is a puzzle. It has been how many years since his wife passed away? Almost three, I think. And he has shown absolutely no interest in women since that I can tell. It is indeed a puzzle.”
“Perhaps the woman of his dreams has not come along. A woman would be fortunate to find herself with Michael Devereux for a husband, wouldn’t she, Lynna?” Gypsie asked, feigning innocence.
“Yes, a woman would be fortunate indeed, Aunt Gypsie,” Lynna answered dutifully, accepting the fact that both her aunts had matchmaking on their minds.

Supper the following evening was a gay affair with traditional Jamaican cuisine and lively conversation. Lynna found she enjoyed Michael’s company immensely and they were never at a loss for a topic to discuss. He had the group rolling with laughter when he recounted the mermaid story.
Crystal rarely left Lynna’s side, sitting beside her at supper and curling up on the sofa next to her when they adjourned to the parlor for coffee and rum. “Lynna is going to step on you if you don’t stay out of her shadow,” her father teased with smiling eyes.
“Oh, don’t tease her, Michael,” Lynna giggled. “If she ever gets underfoot I will simply change my legs to a mermaid’s tail, so I will not cause her any harm.”
Crystal was immediately alert. “Can you really do that?”
“She is just teasing you, Crystal,” Cliff grinned. “By the way, did I ever show you how a horse bites corn?”
“No, how?” she replied innocently.
Opening his hand wide he grabbed the ticklish spot just above her knee and gently squeezed until she was rolling with squeals of laughter. “That’s how.”
When Crystal settled down, she wiped the tears from her eyes and out of the blue inquired, “Lynna, will you be my new mother?”
Michael rolled his eyes toward the heavens, then quickly lifted his daughter from the sofa and started toward the door. “Thank you for inviting us to supper. It was delicious as always.” Lynna noticed the sudden look of longing in his eyes as he mouthed the words, “I’m sorry.”
“Nonsense.” She smiled using his earlier explanation. “She is but an imaginative child.”
Turning at the door, Michael’s eyes held hers. “Would you still like to see the cane works tomorrow?”
“Yes, I would. I have been looking forward to it.”
“Then come by for lunch, and afterwards I will give you the grand tour.”
“I will see you at noon then,” she replied, just before Crystal reached over to give her a bear hug and a resounding smack on her lips.

The mill works astonished Lynna. There was a boiling house, a curing house, and a still house. At the mill Michael explained the process of extracting sugar from the sugar cane. She learned that inside the hard rind of a cane stalk is a soft, sugary fiber. Between November and June the cane is harvested and hauled to the mill. There the juice is crushed out by a series of rollers turned by a huge water wheel. The juice that is squeezed from the cane, cloudy green and about thirteen percent sugar, is then clarified, evaporated, and separated into golden sugar crystals and molasses, from which a goodly amount of the molasses is used in the making of Jamaica’s famed rum.
“It seems terribly complicated,” Lynna mumbled as all the facts seemed to run together in her mind.
“I suppose it would to a newcomer, but it’s all second nature to me.” Again his voice took on a sharp edge. “I will wager the man who owns Eden doesn’t know half as much about cane as I do. But that is neither here nor there.”

In the weeks that followed Lynna was a frequent visitor at Eden. During the day while Michael was busy at the distillery, she and Crystal often sought the cool waterfall. If they were not playing in the cascading water they could be found searching for small fish in the tidal pools at the ocean’s edge, building sandcastles, or laughing gaily as they frolicked through a field of wildflowers. Lynna could not love the child any more if she were her very own. In the evening after Crystal was unhappily hauled off to bed, she and Michael took rides in the cart or relaxed on the verandah enjoying breathtaking sunsets.

Two months to the day they met Lynna became Mrs. Michael Devereux in a simply ceremony held on a cliff overlooking the ocean. She was breathtakingly beautiful in a simple white off the shoulder gown that had been stitched by her own hand and cried tears of joy and regret that Aunt Judith wasn’t there. Uncle Cliff gave her away in her father’s absence and Crystal was her only attendant, scattering rose petals from a hand woven basket. After the ceremony Aunt Bertie insisted that Crystal visit with them for a few days while Lynna and Michael enjoyed a brief honeymoon.

That night Lynna was as fidgety as a schoolgirl as she slipped a lacy peignoir over her head. Would Michael stir the same feelings of passion that Joshua had? Thus far Michael hadn’t seemed overly romantic, since he had never even once tried to kiss her. But he was by no means the forceful man Joshua was. He was more shy and reserved. But she was comparing him to Joshua and that wasn’t fair. Michael was kind, gentle, caring, and devoted to his daughter. He would make a wonderful father for their children, and Jamaica was such a marvelous place to raise them. Passion would come in due time, hopefully tonight. She longed for someone to love and be loved in return.
Breathing deeply of the smell of approaching rain in the air, her eyes went to the sky as jagged heat lightning flashed and low dark clouds, heavy with rain swept over the mountains. A gust of wind molded her negligee to her body as fat drops of rain began to fall. These brief thunderstorms were an evening occurrence in Jamaica.
An hour later she paced the room wondering at her husband’s delay. What could be keeping him on their wedding night? Surely there was not a problem at the distillery or he wasn’t in his office surrounded by paperwork, completely forgetting his bride. On bare feet she hurried downstairs, at once beset by a flurry of emotions. She was offended, hurt, and angry to find him asleep and snoring on the couch with an empty rum bottle close by. 
Was he drunk? He couldn’t be. She had never even seen him tipsy. Yet his intoxicated state was proof that he had little interest in consummating their wedding vows. She had never felt more humiliated. Feeling lonely, dejected, and with mounting despair she climbed the stairs, and after much tossing, turning, and tears, finally drifted into a restless sleep.

“Good morning,” Michael said, during a breakfast of hominy corn porridge, country ham, and thick cane syrup poured over flapjacks. “You slept well, I trust.”
“I slept alone,” she mused, sipping coffee and trying to keep the irritation out of her voice as she stabbed at a thick slice of ham.
“Oh, that.” Michael waved a hand in the air, dismissing his words. “Sorry. I guess I imbibed in too much of my own rum,” he said cheerfully.
“Evidently.”
Michael was growing annoyed with her accusing tone. “Most women find that obligation more of a chore than a pleasure, do they not?”
“This wife wouldn’t, Michael. I look forward to being your wife in every sense of the word and having your children, and I certainly would not consider making love to you a chore. If I felt that way I would never have married you.”
Suddenly looking mad enough to spit fire Michael stormed out of the house without a word, leaving his breakfast untouched. Lynna could only stare after him, utterly confused by his erratic behavior. What had she said to make him so angry?
Other than the disturbing lack of intimacy from her husband, Lynna’s days on the island were filled with joy. She and Crystal spent many carefree hours at the waterfall or down by the beach splashing in the waves, chasing fiddler crabs, or finding seashells to take home and deposit in a glass vase. Lynna’s days were wonderful, however her nights were nothing short of torture. 

Six weeks after their wedding her husband still had not made love to her, or even attempted to for that matter. His nights were spent in a drunken stupor on the sofa, and a hurried peck on the cheek was the most romantic gesture he offered before rushing off to the mill. As embarrassing as it was to admit, her husband had no desire to bed her. 
Was he repulsed by her? Did he already regret his hasty proposal and even hastier marriage? Was he in the habit of getting intoxicated every night to drown the sorrow he felt over being tied to her for a lifetime? 
Just before drifting into an exhausted sleep Lynna decided to have a heart to heart discussion with her husband the following morning and ask if he would be agreeable to having their farce of a marriage annulled. She would cut her losses and move on. Surely there was someone who could love her.


Chapter 18 



Michael was asleep on the sofa just after midnight when the owner of Eden tied his horse to the hitching post outside. He entered the quiet house to find Michael still fully dressed, passed out cold, drooling onto the embroidered sofa pillow, and snoring like a lumberjack. Strange. The docks were abuzz with rumors of Michael’s recent nuptials to a young lady of exceptional beauty. Why then wasn’t he enjoying the fruits of his marriage? “Michael.” He shook him vigorously in an attempt to wake him from his drunken stupor. “Michael, wake up.”
Michael opened one blurry eye and saw two faces leaning over him. “Evenin’, boss.”
“And a good evening it is, Michael.” His boss grinned, although he was deeply disturbed by the sight of his overseer who was semiconscious at best. “For some of us at least.” He hadn’t known Michael to imbibe so heavily in years, not since the night his wife had died after a sudden illness. Then it was to be expected, but now? Surely his recent marriage didn’t bring about such stress. “I hear a celebration is in order. You finally tied the knot after all these years, did you?”
“Yes sher, I did,” Michael slurred the words, barely opening his eyes before passing out again.
Determined to get to the bottom of this charade, his boss shook him. “Michael, why are you turning to a bottle instead of your new bride? You haven’t forgotten what to do behind closed doors after so long a dry spell have you?”
Michael partially opened one eye, closed it again, and mumbled, “You cannot forget something you never acquired knowledge of in the first place now can you?” In his state of extreme drunkenness Michael was admitting more than he ever had before.
“What do you mean you never acquired the knowledge? Do you perhaps require a few pointers on the subject? It really isn’t that difficult unless she is of the unattractive sort then admittedly it can sometimes be a bit of a challenge to remain... attentive, shall we say. If such were the case I might understand why you are drowning your sorrows in a bottle. However scuttlebutt has it that she is anything but unattractive.”
Michael sighed. “She is the most beautiful woman I ever laid my eyes on.”
“Then pardon me for sounding dimwitted, but I fear your words make little sense to me.”
“I can’t make love to anybody!” Michael stormed. “Do those words make sense to you?” He sat up on the sofa too fast and held his spinning head as he blurted out his sorrowful tale. “When I was just a boy, I entered the barn one morning to feed and water the horses. That was my chore. I had been tending them for years. On this particular morning, for some reason I still cannot figure out, I startled Pa’s favorite stallion Samson and he commenced to kicking.” Michael paused, scrubbing his face with his hands before continuing. “I often wonder how different my life would be if I’d just made a noise that morning, let Samson know I was entering his stall.” He laughed harshly. “At any rate, old Samson took a deadly aim and kicked me hard, right square in my privates. They’ve been useless ever since.”
“I am sorry to hear that, Michael.” Some men would consider it a fate worse than death. “The little lady you married must be sympathetic to your…um…. condition to have wed you anyway, knowing you could never father her children.”
“She doesn’t know,” Michael admitted. “And she never will. She is probably upstairs now, imagining that I will soon join her and make passionate love for the remainder of the night.” He laughed bitterly. “I pray she doesn’t hold her breath.”
“Let me see if I understand this correctly. You married a woman under the false pretense that you could make love to her and give her children?”
Michael nodded his head drunkenly. “I reckon that’s about the gist of it.”
“Then you are not Crystal’s father?”
“No, her mother was already carrying her when we married  so I claimed the child as my own.”
 “In my humble opinion you have done your new bride a dire disservice, Michael. Then you hurt her further by leaving her alone each night, believing that you don’t desire her?”
“I don’t desire her. Fortunately I have never known the insatiable lust that drives so many of you to distraction.” Michael held his throbbing head in hands and eyed the empty whiskey bottle. “I married her to give Crystal a mother.”
“I understand your love for the child, but if you ask me that is a feeble excuse for a marriage. You owe her the truth.”
“I don’t owe her a damn thing! She has a beautiful home, an attentive husband during daylight hours, and a child who adores her. That’s all any woman wants. I’m going back to sleep now, boss. We can continue this discussion in the morning if you feel the need, but I believe everything has been said.” Thus said, he passed out on the sofa and was snoring in seconds.
His boss climbed the stairs, shaking his head in pity for Michael’s bride. She was waiting for a husband who would never, could never come to her. First thing tomorrow morning he would have a discussion with the little lady and find out for himself if she was content with her current arrangement. It might not be any of his concern, but he could not tolerate the thought of the poor girl lying in her bed, in his house, prostrate with grief at finding herself in such a loveless marriage. 
At the top of the stairs he paused outside her door. He really shouldn’t get involved. This was between Michael and his wife. He should wait until morning, but as owner of the plantation he felt the need to right any wrongs being carried out under his roof. 
Michael had said she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. That was intriguing, to say the least. One little peek couldn’t hurt. She had most likely cried herself to sleep hours ago. Quietly opening the door he saw the woman in question reclined on the bed in a sheer nightgown, peaceful in slumber. He moved closer to the bed to see her more clearly by the moonlight filtering through the open balcony doors.
A startled gasp filled the room as he whispered, “Michael was correct. You are beautiful indeed.” 
The deep voice penetrated Lynna’s sleep drugged mind, causing her to awaken with a start. Believing that her husband had finally decided to join her in their marriage bed, she smiled seductively and purred, “I was beginning to worry that you didn’t desire your bride.” Reaching out to him, she pulled his face down as his lips found hers in a kiss filled with longing and passion. Lynna smiled as he swiftly removed her nightgown and sighed deep in her throat as he crushed her against his broad chest. 
Thank God. She wouldn’t have to pretend to enjoy making love to her husband. His touch thrilled her, making her body squirm beneath his and yearn for more.
Lynna turned on her side, pressing her soft, warm torso against his. Wrapping her arms around his neck and her leg around his waist, she behaved like a woman starved, for she was. 
Placing his hand on her hip he gently pushed her to her back, nudging her knees apart with his thigh and entered her. Neither of them could hold out for more than a few strokes, and they desperately clung to each other as they found their glorious release. 
After several minutes had passed, he rolled to the side and raised up on his elbow. Burying his face in her hair, he breathed, “Lynna, you don’t know how long I have waited for this moment.”
His voice immediately froze Lynna’s ebbing passion. She knew the voice immediately. “Joshua! It cannot be…turn me loose and get out of my room at once!”  
“Yes, my love. It is me. At long last, I have finally found you,” he whispered against her throat. “After an endless search, you were right at my own front door.”
“Get out,” she cried, enraged that he would leave Suzanne’s bed and think to slither into hers. “I am a married woman, and if you do not leave this room immediately, I will…I will scream for my husband.”
“Go ahead, my sweet, but neither your husband nor anyone else at Eden will come to your rescue, so save your breath,” he replied sharply, angered both by her rejection and hearing her refer to another man as her husband. “By the way, your dear husband is passed out cold on the sofa.”
So Joshua knew her own husband did not desire her and was callously throwing it in her face. She wanted to claw his eyes out of their sockets for the pain he had caused, and was continuing to cause her. “Do you want everyone in this house to know what a vile, disgusting cretin you are?”
“I care not what others think,” he answered harshly.
She opened her mouth to scream, but he clamped his hand over her mouth and said in a voice of deadly seriousness, “I am going to make love to you, again, Lynna. I have thought of nothing else, and what just transpired was far too hasty for my liking.”
She glared at him, but her mind worked furiously. She knew she couldn’t depend on her husband to arrive and save her, he would be useless in his inebriated state. Nor was her strength any match for Joshua’s, but there had to be a way to stop him. And what was he doing in Jamaica, anyway? In this house? How did he find her? 
“After what we just shared, you cannot deny you desire me, my sweet,” he said upon seeing her open her mouth to dispute his words. “You cannot lie to me.”
“Joshua, I am a married woman now,” she whispered brokenly. “What gives you the right to take what belongs to another man?
“You belong to me,” he insisted, shaking her roughly by the shoulder, his emerald eyes blazing. “Don’t ever say otherwise. You have since that first night on my ship, Lynna.”
“Joshua,” she began, but stopped, losing the will to fight. What was the point of trying to make him listen? “Then get it over with,” she snapped, close to tears. “Satisfy your lust and leave.”
“Satisfy my lust, indeed.” Joshua calmed down somewhat and smiled wickedly. He would enjoy making her beg. 
As his kisses left a hot trail down Lynna’s neck, she knew she was fighting a losing battle and why resist something she wanted so badly? Something her body craved? 
Kneeling beside the bed Joshua leisurely kissed his way up her leg, feeling her tremble as he neared her tightly clenched thighs. She relaxed somewhat when his mouth moved down the opposite leg, only to draw in her breath sharply when his tongue flicked the tender spot beneath her ankle. She steeled herself against his sensuous onslaught, praying that it would be over soon. Clenching her teeth, she remained perfectly still, willing her body not to respond as he left a burning trail across her stomach towards her breast. One traitorous moan escaped when his mouth traveled to her neck without touching her throbbing breasts. She willed her hands not to pull his head back to the throbbing peaks. Please! Let me be strong enough to withstand this torture and not give in to him!
“Tell me you want me, Lynna,” he demanded huskily.
“Never. I want only to be left alone.”
His tongue went to her ear, where he nibbled the tender lobe as his warm breath served to further weaken her resistance. But she would not admit defeat, even as she silently cursed her betraying body. His soft lips outlined her own, causing them to part, allowing his tongue to dart through her smooth teeth and bring the desired response. “Tell me you want me, Lynna.”
She cooled instantly. “I want no part of you.”
Grinning, he blew warm breath on the rosy peaks of her full breasts as she bit her lip to keep from crying out and dug her nails into her palms. He continued to explore her body for what seemed like hours. When his soft mouth at last closed over her hardened nipple, his teeth nibbling and tugging ever so gently, she lost the will to fight.
“Oh, Joshua,” she moaned. “I cannot stand another moment of this torture.”
“Tell me you want me,”
“I want you, Joshua!” she cried. “I want you. All of you. Now!” 
Her body was on fire, every nerve alive to his touch. She arched against him as her hands moved to press him into her eager body. Her hands on his buttocks pressed harder still as their passion climbed before slowly and, oh so sweetly, they were wrapped in the dizzying aftermath of their love. 
Joshua rolled to his side as a silent tear slid down her cheek. How could she be so wanton in Joshua’s arms when she was wed to another? If only Joshua were her husband she would be the happiest woman alive. He was married to another, as was she, and this realization made her burst into sobs.
Her tears were too much for Joshua. “What’s wrong now, darling?”
“How can you ask me that?” she cried, angry that he wasn’t as distraught over the situation as she was. “Do you have no feelings?”
“I fear my feeling are too strong.” He brushed her tear away, caressing the line of her jaw. “I love you, Lynna.”
How she had longed to hear him say those very words, but they came too late. They were both wed to others and she would not fall under his spell again. This night of passion would have to last them for an eternity. “Did Suzanne present you with a son or daughter?” 
“There was no child,” he answered testily.
“What do you mean there was no child? Did she miscarry?”
“There was never a child to miscarry.” His fists were clenched as he ground out, “Suzanne fabricated the lie to coerce me into marriage. When she failed to conceive by her husband after the marriage, she turned to a few others. 
Impossible! Suzanne had lied about carrying his child? “I cannot believe that even Suzanne could be so devious.” 
Joshua only shook his head. “Your eyes do not deceive you, Lynna.”
“You saw her?” Lynna cried with stunned disbelief. “With your own eyes?”
“I caught her with the stable boy. She cried rape, but  I had been following her for days.” His voice was unforgiving. “I gave her an ultimatum. She could either grant me an annulment or I would guarantee her a scandal the likes of which her family would never crawl out from under.”
Joshua was free from his vows to Suzanne and he loved her, but she was no longer a free woman. Lynna’s tears flowed in earnest as she pondered this wicked turn of fate.
“There now, dry your eyes and come here.” Joshua cradled her head on his chest and stroked her hair. “Do you love me, Lynna?” he questioned, catching her off guard.
“Joshua, I...” she faltered.
“Answer me truthfully, Lynna,” Joshua insisted. “ I must know the truth.”
“Yes, Joshua,” she cried brokenly. “Yes, I do love you. I have always loved you. I would have never married Michael had I known of Suzanne’s lies and treachery. But it is too late…”
“No, it is not too late. You love me. That’s all that matters.” He hugged her so hard she feared her ribs would crack. 
They slept then, holding each other close, afraid to let go. Each afraid the other would disappear with the bright light of morning. Sometime in the early morning hours, Joshua’s voice penetrated the fog of her deep, satisfied sleep. “I will wait for you to come to me tonight.
She mumbled sleepily, “You, sir, will have an awfully long wait.” Snuggling deeper under the covers, she returned to her dream world, not sure whether his rumbling laughter had been real or imagined.

When she awoke the next morning, Sadie, the cook, reported that Michael had taken an overnight trip into town. She found Joshua and Crystal on the verandah chatting as if they had known each other for years. “Good morning, Lynna,” Crystal chirped.
“Good morning, my…um…Lynna.” Joshua beamed as his eyes swept the entire length of her.
“Good morning, Crystal,” Lynna beamed. “Joshua, I see you have met my adorable stepdaughter.”
“Uncle Joshua already knew me,” Crystal laughed merrily. “He didn’t just meet me.”
“I see,” Lynna said, puzzled. “Evidently you have visited Eden before, Captain Jordan?”
“Uncle Joshua doesn’t visit,” Crystal giggled, finding Lynna’s questions hilarious. “He owns Eden.”
“You own Eden!” Lynna was so caught off guard by the child’s statement that she almost dropped her coffee cup. “But…but… how can that be?”
“I purchased the plantation several years ago at auction. Michael was already the overseer, so he continued under my employ, him and this little cherub.”
“What did you bring me, Uncle Joshua?” Crystal wheedled, throwing her arms around his neck in a tight hug.
“As a matter of fact, there is a box on my bed that I brought for someone, but I cannot for the life of me remember who?” He placed a finger on his chin pretending to ponder. “Let me see, if I think hard enough perhaps it will come to me.”
“It was me!” Crystal squealed with delight and took off running. “You brought it for me!” The door slammed loudly behind her.
“You never mentioned you owned property in Jamaica,” Lynna said, after the elated child had raced up the stairs.
“You never asked. There are still several things about me you have not yet discovered, my love.” Then, he was too busy listening to the squeals of delight erupting from Crystal to finish their discussion. The child immediately plopped down on his lap, opened the box filled with a paper doll and numerous paper dresses, and consulted Joshua’s opinion on which frock the doll should be attired in for the noontime meal.  
After over an hour of play, Crystal asked, “Uncle Joshua, will you come to the beach with Lynna and me today? Pretty please?”
“I can think of nothing I would enjoy better than spending a day at the beach with my two favorite girls.” He laughed as he lifted her in his arms. “Let’s go ask Sadie to pack a lunch and we will be off.”

The day on the beach with Joshua far surpassed any other day Lynna had spent in this lush tropical paradise. Joshua rolled up his breeches and waded in the water with Crystal, taking her hands to jump the incoming waves. The threesome walked for miles up the beach and found several perfect spiral shells, which were presented to Lynna to add to her collection. 
After their walk, they picnicked on fried chicken and baked potatoes under the shade at the edge of the sand. Lynna and Joshua gazed with longing into each other’s eyes, while Crystal frolicked in the nearby surf. Watching Joshua with Crystal, Lynna marveled at what a wonderful father he would make someday. If only he could father her children. What a wonderful life that would be.

That night Joshua’s words, “I will wait for you to come to me tonight,” drummed furiously in Lynna’s ears. She had laughed at him then, but what a fool she had been. Now her body ached for his sweet touch, for the pleasure that he alone could give her.
Unable to sleep, she was still awake when she heard his door close, and she waited. He had left shortly after their return from the beach. She listened until there was no more movement in his room and wondered where he had been all day. He was in the next room, so close. She imagined his hard, masculine body stretched out on the bed, a lazy grin tugging at the corners of his mouth, his emerald eyes shining. So sure she would come. Sure no woman could long resist his masculine charm.
Relaxing in the now tepid water, she allowed her mind to wander. Closing her eyes as a delicious languor settled over her, she erased from mind all the unpleasant thoughts, leaving only Joshua. In her vision his smiling eyes beckoned her. Michael was due home tomorrow. Tonight would be their last night together. Would she deny herself one last night in the arms of the only man she would ever love? No. She would not. This night would be for memories, she told herself. Memories to store in her mind and retrieve during the long, lonely years without him.
Standing, she briskly dried her body until her skin shone pink, then slipped into a thin cotton robe, tying the sash at her tiny waist with suddenly nervous hands. Her heart pounded against her chest as she quietly opened her door and slipped into the dimly lit corridor. 
Trembling hands turned the knob and pushed open the door to his room. He was on the bed, just as she had imagined. His even breathing assured her he was asleep and that she still had time to change her mind. She was feeling rather piqued that he had lost no sleep worrying whether or not she would come.
She bent to touch him, her hand longing to caress his sleeping features, but she jerked her hand back. What had come over her? This was utter foolishness. Not only was she married, but she was in another man’s bedroom, desperately wanting him to make love to her. She rushed through the open balcony doors, hoping the evening breeze would cool her heated skin and clear her befuddled mind. 
The air was sweet, the crisp trade winds blowing down from the mountain fanning her hair out behind her and shaping her thin robe to her slim body. She desired Joshua. Oh, how she desired him. How she longed for him to take her into his arms and make her forget, as only he could do.
“I have been waiting for you, my love.” he whispered behind her.
Just hearing his voice sent chills shivering down her spine. “I needed to talk to you,” she lied, suddenly ashamed of her wanton behavior.
“You don’t want talk, Lynna. We both want the same thing.” Putting his arms around her, he nuzzled her neck. “This is why you came.” He turned her around, holding her face in his hands, emerald eyes meeting crystal blue. “Let me love you.”
“Yes.” Their lips met in a tender kiss as he lifted her easily and carried her to the bed where he joined her. “Yes, Joshua.”

Sam Bogan came rushing into the house the following morning. “I think we got troubles, lad,” his voice was ragged, out of breath.
“What is the cause of your obvious distress, Sam?” Joshua queried, immediately concerned for the safety of his crew.
“There may not be any trouble. But a ship just pulled into harbor flying the Jolly Roger.” His eyes were wide with alarm. “The ship’s got everybody running to their houses and boarding their windows.”
“Have my horse saddled. I will be down to the harbor presently.” Joshua needed time alone with Lynna before he had to leave her. Drawing her into his arms he gave her a tender kiss. “Remember this. We will continue when I return. You and Crystal stay inside today.” 
“Joshua, will there be trouble?” she whispered around the sudden lump in her throat. 
“No, it’s probably just a show of force,” he said, attempting to allay her fears. “Pirates have a reputation to uphold. There are too many armed ships in the harbor for them to openly attack us.”

Not long after Joshua left, Michael returned home, tense and as nervous as a caged animal. “Where’s the boss?” He stormed through the door without even pausing to greet his new bride.
“I assume you are speaking of Captain Jordon. If so, one of his men came with an urgent message that he should return to his ship.” Lynna assumed his agitation was caused by the appearance of the pirate vessel as well.
“Well, what was the damn message?” he practically shouted at her.
“It would seem that a pirate ship is anchored in the harbor and Sam feared there might be trouble.” She could not fathom why he was shouting at her or why he should suddenly be so concerned with Joshua’s whereabouts.
“So, you are acquainted with Sam, are you?” Michael snapped.
“Yes, we met when I was a passenger on Captain Jordan’s ship.”
His attitude changed abruptly, in a split second, to that of a kind and caring husband. “How would you like to ride into town with me?”
“You just returned from town, Michael.” Lynna was puzzled by his erratic behavior. “Why do you wish to go again so soon?”
Pausing for only a second, he said, “With all the talk of pirates, I forgot about the list of supplies Sadie asked me to bring back.” He glanced at her askance, adding, “Surely my darling wife will not refuse me the pleasure of her company.”
“Of course not, Michael.”
“Good.” He waved his hand dismissing her. “Go ready Crystal so we can be on our way.”

The day was terribly hot and the three occupants were perspiring profusely when Michael stopped the carriage. “How does a cool drink of lemonade sound for my two favorite ladies?”
We cannot be your two favorite ladies, too, papa.” Crystal giggled. “Uncle Joshua said we were his two favorite ladies.”
“Did he now?” Michael queried, giving Lynna a look of pure contempt. Stopping the carriage abruptly, he reached to caress the line of her jaw with a trembling hand. “Well then, I guess your Uncle Joshua and I will just have to…share this beautiful mermaid.”
Lynna gasped, gazing across the harbor in search of the Windjammer. Michael knew!
“Drink up, girls,” His grin was one of pure malice that sent shivers racing down Lynna’s spine. “It’s going to be a bumpy ride.”


Chapter 19 



The pain in Lynna’s head was steady, throbbing with each beat of her heart. She wished the bed would stop its constant swaying, for she was beginning to feel nauseous. Becoming slowly aware of her surroundings, she noticed moonlight filtering through a small round hole in the wall. 
A porthole. She was on a ship. But how could that be? She had no knowledge of coming onboard. How did Joshua manage to bring her on the Windjammer without her knowledge? Forcing her eyes open, she glanced around the filthy, sparsely appointed cabin. No, she definitely wasn’t on the Windjammer. Her last memory was of Michael giving her a cup of lemonade. 
Had she been abducted? Had the kidnappers finally found her after all these years? Of course! It had to be the villains from France. She had not dwelled on that horror for years, believing they had long since forgotten about her. Alas, they had finally discovered her hiding place and succeeded in holding her for ransom. 
Suddenly all the horror stories of kidnappings came back to haunt her as she lay on the hard, smelly bunk, her head throbbing with each beat of her heart. How did they get her on the ship without her being aware of it? She prayed no harm had come to Michael and Crystal, that they had somehow escaped this horror. Running to the door she found it locked, as she had feared. “Open this door!” she yelled to the top of her lungs. “I demand to see the Captain!” When no answer was forthcoming, she fell down on the bunk crying tears of abject misery.

Hours later, her throat raw from screaming, she at last heard keys rattle against the door and jumped out of the way before it was thrown open to bang loudly against the wall.
“While I am not the Captain, I assure you I can answer any questions you might have.” 
“Michael!” she cried in horror. A strong sense of dread seeped through every pore in her body as her husband sauntered in. “What are you doing here? What is going on? Why am I on this ship? Where is Crystal?”
Michael strode casually into the cabin, holding up his hand to quiet her. “Let me start by answering the most obvious question. Why you are here?” He sat down on the bunk, brushing away a cockroach from the spread. “I thought it best to drug you to prevent any harm coming to you.”
“Drug me? That’s why I have no memory. But why? Where are you taking me?” she whispered, apprehension taking a stranglehold on her. The fact that she had been drugged and taken against her will was of little consequence now. What mattered was finding a way off this wretched ship.
“We are going to live on another island,” he replied calmly, moving to gaze out the porthole. “This latest turn of events necessitated our hasty departure from Jamaica.”
“Michael, I must insist that you return me to Jamaica at once. You have no right to keep me here against my will.”
“Oh, but I do.” His eyes were forged of steel as he glared at her. “You forget, Madame, that you are my wife and as such must go wherever I see fit to take you.”
“Michael, why are you doing this?” she cried, more terrified than she could ever remember being. “I don’t understand. Why are you leaving your home?”
“My home,” he spat venomously. “It would have been if that old fool Morrison hadn’t died before I could convince him to make me sole beneficiary of Eden. I knew he had no living kin to claim the plantation. No son could have treated that feeble old recluse better than I did. I deserved Eden.” He gritted his teeth, slamming his fist on the table. “If I had just had a little more time with him.” 
His face was a stone mask of hatred. “After his death, the plantation was sold to Captain Joshua Jordan of Charleston. I wanted to kill him the day he came riding up on a black stallion, announcing that he was the new owner of Eden.” His hand rested on the hilt of his cutlass. “But after years of plotting, and thanks solely to you, I finally conceived of a better scheme to extract my revenge.”
“And what is that?” she asked, trying to steady her quaking voice. She would discover his plan and figure out a way to warn Joshua. Somehow. But how? The ship was probably well out to sea by now.
Leaving the room momentarily, Michael returned with a metal box. Placing it on the table he opened it to reveal more gold doubloons than she had ever seen. Coins that she would expect to find on a pirate ship. 
Pirate ship! Suddenly it dawned on her. She was on the pirate vessel that had been seen in the harbor. Did that make her husband a buccaneer? “Michael, where did you get all those coins?”
“It is mine by rights!” he raged, coming to shake her roughly by the shoulders. “I am the one who worked and sweated this money out of the land, while the mighty Captain Jordan navigated the high seas without a care in the world, living large on my plantation profits when he never turned a hand to work for it.” A triumphant smile spread over his face. “He has a surprise awaiting him the next time he opens his safe.”  
“Michael, he trusted you.” She could not credit this startling shift in her husband. How could his personality change so drastically, almost overnight?
“That was his first mistake.” He laughed, placing the box on her lap. “We can start a new life with this, Lynna.”
“I will have no part of such deception,” she cried, rising to her feet and causing the gold coins to scatter noisily to the floor. “Please, Michael, I beg of you. Take me home.”
“I fear your wants are of little concern to me, my lady.” He sneered the last words as he bent to retrieve the coins. “You will have to accustom yourself to a vastly different way of life. The island we will call home is rather primitive compared to Jamaica. There are no magnificent plantations or doting servants.”
“Whose ship are we on?” The words trembled from Lynna’s lips. 
“We sail on the ship of my brother, Sean Devereux.” He watched her face closely for a reaction. Lynna’s face registered only relief that the captain of the ship was related to her husband, even if he was a detestable pirate. “Do you not recognize the name?”
“No, the name means nothing to me. Sean Devereux…” she repeated the name to herself. “I have never…” her voice trailed off, her face taking on a deathly white pallor as she recognized the name. It could not be. Sean Devereux was Michael’s brother? The man rumored to be the most ruthless cutthroat of the band of pirates currently roaming the Caribbean. They were well known and feared for attacking helpless vessels, looting coastal towns, raping, plundering, and murdering innocent victims. “Why did you bring me here, Michael? I mean nothing to you. You have made that abundantly clear. You never even cared enough to consummate our wedding vows.”
His answer was final, cutting through her like a knife. “True. I only wed you to give Crystal a mother. But the life of a pirate is no life for a child. I had one of the men take her to Cliff and Bertie. You know they will care for her as their own, so you need not concern yourself over her welfare.” He eyed her contemptuously. “As for why I brought you along, the answer is simple. Captain Joshua Jordan. He has always been fed anything his heart desired from a silver spoon, just for the asking. But he will not have that which he desires above all else.”
“And what is that, Michael?” Lynna held her breath, dreading his answer.
“Why you, my darling wife.” He grinned. “He desires you above all else.” Slamming the door, she heard keys rattling as he locked it behind him. 
Michael knew about her and Joshua. It was no wonder he despised her and would make it his personal mission to see that they were never together again. He would also make certain the remainder of her life was unbearably miserable for having cuckolded him. She threw herself on the soiled bunk pondering her dismal future as her scalding tears soaked the filthy mattresss. 

Her eyes were red and swollen when Michael returned late in the afternoon. “What is this?” She eyed the bowl he placed before her suspiciously. 
“It is called salmagundi.” Michael’s anger toward her seemed to have abated for the time being. His voice was almost gentle. “Try it.”
She shoved the bowl away, refusing to eat anything that had been prepared by a filthy pirate, no matter that she was starving. “What’s in it?”
“Oh, a little bit of everything. Fish, chicken, pork, beef, and pigeon is roasted and cut into chunks. Then you add cabbage, pickled herring, mangoes, onions, grapes and anything else you can find. You then pour in a little wine, add salt and pepper and voila.” He laughed heartily at her shocked expression of distaste. “Don’t make such a face. It really is very tasty. Just try it, Lynna. You might like it.” 
“I’m not hungry,” she lied, although she had to admit the stew smelled terribly tempting.
“Take my advice and eat while you can. Once we’re out to sea and our fresh food supply has been exhausted, you will find the fare far from palatable. You can look forward to gruel, which is a mixture of wheat and water, or boiled and salted beef, and biscuits, alive with maggots and weevils. You will regret passing up this fine meal.”
Lynna turned her head in distaste. “I would find it impossible to eat any food that had been prepared aboard this stinking, infested ship.” 
The cabin was alive with vermin. Cockroaches crawled the floor and walls around her, and the tiny bunk where she was supposed to sleep was covered with crawling insects. A large number of the pests were on her now. She clawed at her head with her fingernails where the lice and God only knows what else were digging into her scalp. Her entire body was covered with itching red spots where the insects had fed upon her tender flesh.
“I will leave the meal with you,” Michael warned solemnly before turning to leave. “Heed my advice and eat, Lynna. You will need your strength where we are going”.
“Where are you going, Michael?” She jumped up to run after him, afraid to be left alone to fend for herself against an entire ship filled with degenerates. “Please! Do not leave me alone.”
“I must go on deck, Lynna. Being the Captain’s brother does not mean that I don’t do my share of the work, quite the opposite. I am expected to pull twice the weight of any other man.”
“But why, Michael?” She motioned toward the box. “You have more money than you could ever need. Don’t join up with this vile gang of cutthroats.”
“Exactly, I do have more money than I could ever need, for now. But how long do you think I would live if the men onboard this ship found out? Our lives would mean nothing. So if you treasure your life, you will keep this bit of information to yourself until we reach port. No one must learn of the money, Lynna. Not even my brother.”
“When will we reach port?” she asked, saying a silent prayer that it would be soon. She had to get off this wretched ship and find a way to get word to Joshua.
“Not in the near future, I would suspect. Once Sean puts out to sea, he doesn’t return until the hold is overflowing with riches.”
“Where is his home?” 
“Sean and I were raised in Trinidad with our grandmother after the death of our parents. But since my brother wouldn’t want our grandmother to know of his… law breaking activities, he now calls Tortuga home.”
Tortuga! The name brought to mind lurid tales of the pirate stronghold, unspeakable tales. A place where the scum of the earth congregated to torture their helpless victims.
Michael grinned. “I can tell from your expression that you know what to expect when we arrive.”
She merely nodded, acknowledging that her future would not be a pleasant one, if indeed she had a future. Only one hope kept her from giving up completely. Joshua. He would rescue her. He had to. She would not permit herself to think otherwise. Her only problem would be surviving until he did.
Michael opened the door to leave when she grabbed his sleeve. “Michael, would it be possible to perhaps have a bucket of water and a sponge?” She slapped at a cockroach boldly making its way up her skirt and watching as Michael swiped it off to crush beneath his boot.
“I will see what I can do,” he answered, mumbling a remark about the foolishness of women as he locked the door behind him.
After he left, Lynna moved to the porthole, breathing deeply of the fresh sea air. It was the only thing around her on this godforsaken ship that was clean. Glancing at the table, she saw a steady stream of ants and other creepy crawlies advancing on the stew and greedily grabbed the bowl. If they were to be at sea as long as Michael had suggested, she had better learn to eat what was offered. Either that or starve. Surprisingly, the concoction of meat, fruit and vegetables was a meal to be savored, and she did. She was tipping the bowl to get the last spoonful when a timid knock sounded at the door.
“Who is it?” 
“It be Rob, ma’am, de cook,” someone answered in a low whisper. “Let’s me in.”
She opened the door to find the biggest, blackest man she had ever seen smiling down at her. “I brung you dis heah watah an’ sponge you done axk fo.” He sat the bucket inside the door and stepping inside, closed it quietly behind him. “I put a cup of vinegar in dis bucket, cuz you ain’t gits too far wit’ jus’ plain watah.” She saw the fear register briefly on his face. “But, please, ma’am, you cain say nothin’ to de Cap’n bout it, heah have me flog’ if’n he foun’ out.”
“Thank you, Rob. You are most kind,” she said, smiling brightly. “And rest assured, the Captain will never learn of your generosity from me. I pray I never even have to see him.” As Rob opened the door and looked up and down the corridor, she whispered, “Thank you again. I simply could not live with this pestilence.”
Rob left the cabin with pity for the slip of the girl strong inside him. She would meet the Captain. Of that he was certain. Probably before the day was over.
First Lynna washed the bedclothes in the bucket of vinegar and water and hung them on hooks to dry. Then, she scrubbed vigorously every inch of the floor and walls, squashing hundreds of bugs in the process, until she was satisfied that the cabin was as clean as possible. Now for her. She simply had to have another bucket of water to bathe and wash her hair. Perhaps she could find Rob and ask him.
She tried the door and was amazed to find that Rob had left it unlocked. Looking into the corridor to the right, she saw the hatchway leading to the deck. She definitely didn’t want to go that way. Turning left, she ran headlong into Captain Sean Devereux, alleged to be the most ruthless pirate alive. 
He was a strikingly handsome, well turned out man with his leather waistcoat, three-inch wide black belt with silver buckle, and cutlass strapped bandolier. He wore no bandana and surprisingly, with appropriate attire, would not have looked out of place in the parlor of some of Georgia’s more refined homes. 
“Well, shiver me timbers.” He laughed and winked as his eyes slid appreciatively over her slender form, lingering on the soft swell of breast above the bodice of her gown. “So you are the wife of my brother.”
“Yes, I am Michael’s wife. If you will excuse me, I will return to my cabin,” she murmured, rushing back inside and swiftly trying to bolt the door, only to find it blocked by his booted foot.
“Not so fast, little one. I have a desire to become better acquainted with my new sister.” He smiled, shoving the door open. His dark eyes were menacing as he said, “Much better acquainted.”
Lynna read the intent in his eyes and looked around in search of a weapon, but none were to be found. The only objects in the room being a bunk, a table, and a chair. All too heavy to be lifted by her. “Don’t come near me,” she warned.
His bold laughter filled the room, sending chills over her even though the heat in the cabin was sweltering. “And what, pray tell, will you do if I come near you?” he asked in a soothing voice. “Beat me to death with those tiny fists?” He stood looking out the porthole. “You have a long voyage ahead of you, Madame Devereux.” Turning to face her, his dancing eyes fused with hers. “You will need a man.”
“You forget, sir. I have a husband.” Did his brother know her husband had never shared her bed? That he refused to touch her? 
“No. I did not forget that you have a husband,” the pirate smirked. “If you will recall, I said that you will need a man.”
“But, sir, Michael is a man,” she replied anxiously, trying her utmost to sound convincing. “And I might add that I find him most satisfactory in every way.”
He laughed heartily at her words, “And might I suggest that it takes very little, indeed, to satisfy you.” His ridicule of his brother was lost on her. “But you will soon see that unlike my little brother, I have precisely what it takes to please a woman.”
She tried frantically to run past him, but was halted by his steely voice. “Stay where you are.” 
Too frightened to remain still, she again bolted for the door. He jerked her around roughly to face him, causing her to cry out as his fingers dug into the tender flesh of her arm. “I am not accustomed to having my orders disobeyed,” he warned ominously.
“And I am not accustomed to following orders,” she replied defiantly.
“My brother should have taught you better manners.” His fingers were like vises around her arms. “You see, you have no choice whatsoever in the matter, little one. This is my ship and everyone onboard must either obey or suffer the consequences, which I can assure you would be severe.”
“No punishment could be worse than being raped by a filthy disgusting pirate.”
“We shall see, Madame. We shall see.” The pirate’s eyes twinkled mischievously. “If you prefer the cat-o-nine-tails to me, I will be happy to oblige.” 
She stood her ground, preferring the whip to his lust.
Sean hated the thought of marring her perfect flesh. Flesh that would be most pleasing in the long, lonely weeks ahead. Little did Lynna know that Sean was a hard man, but soft where beautiful women were concerned. And he could never remember seeing one more beautiful.
She was caught unaware as his hand snaked out to rip her bodice open to the waist, exposing her bosom to his hungering gaze. His hand trailed up her arm to lightly caress her breast, but he squeezed painfully when her fist crashed into his jaw with a force that stunned him. His huge hands moved to the slim column of her neck closing around it, applying gentle yet firm pressure. “I could snap your neck with one twist, as I have done so many times in the past for far less crimes than you just committed.” 
A muscle in his jaw twitched angrily. “It might behoove you to consider who you are dealing with the next time you feel the urge to strike a man, for all men might not be as lenient, or as swayed by your beauty, as I am. Nonetheless, you must be punished for your carelessness, but that can wait until after I have had my fill of you.” Lowering his head to hers, his soft lips demanded a response that she refused to give. “And I cannot see that deed being accomplished anytime in the foreseeable future. Now, allow me to demonstrate the pleasures to be found in the arms of a real man.”
Lynna knew she had to think fast, but her mind seemed to be scrambled and racing in several directions at once. “I am your brother’s wife, Captain Devereux. Do you feel no loyalty toward him?”
“The answer to your question is no. Believe me, at this moment, my feelings do not run toward family.” His eyes rested on her bosom. “No, that’s not true. I have rather pronounced feelings for the newest member of my family.” Without another word, he lifted her easily, carrying her flailing and screaming to the bunk where she clawed at his face and bit into his shoulder, causing him to wince painfully, but not release her. She cowered, expecting to feel the blows from his fist, but none were forthcoming. Instead he gazed down at her in deep concentration.
What Sean would not give to have this lovely creature come to him of her own volition. The hold of his ship was overflowing with bounty. Therefore, if he was of a mind, and he was, he could take the lady to his island and lock them both in his bedroom until his lust for the captivating creature had been satisfied. By then, she would be his and he would devote his life to pleasing her. But even as he was contemplating his possible devotion to her, she continued with her assault, pulling fistfuls of hair, digging her knee into his groin, and trying to dig her long nails into his skin.
Once on the bed the strong smell of vinegar assaulted him and a workable plan began to take shape in his mind. “Who gave you vinegar?” 
Lynna immediately stilled, taking the look of one innocent of all crimes. “Sir, I do not know what you are referring to. What vinegar?” The lie fell from her lips with ease as she was suddenly more frightened for Rob than herself.
“Answer me.” He jerked her face around to look into her eyes. “I will know who onboard my ship so carelessly wastes supplies.” He interpreted the fear clearly in her eyes. “Rob. That impudent darky. He is the only one stupid enough to go against my orders and give in to a woman’s foolish whims.” He had used her fear for Rob to his advantage and the ploy was working beautifully. “He must be punished. He will receive twenty lashes for the theft.”
“Twenty lashes!” Lynna cried, incredulously, temporarily forgetting the danger she was in and shoving him off her to stand beside the bunk. “Twenty lashes for a cup of vinegar? You cannot be serious.” 
“Alas, I see your memory has not fled you after all, little one.”
Ignoring his remark, she scrambled through her pockets for Michael’s gold doubloon that she had found while cleaning under the bunk. “Here, I will pay for the vinegar I used. This should more than cover…”
“I will prove to you that I do not issue false threats!” he roared theatrically as he strode angrily out the door, slamming it behind him. “He must be punished for this disobedience.”
Lynna sat at the table, attempting to reassure herself that the pirate captain would not execute his vicious threat. Of course he wouldn’t. No man could be so heartless. But within a few short minutes she heard footsteps and clutching the torn bodice of her dress, she cracked open the door to find a stoic Rob in the hall with a glowering Sean behind him. Sean had a sharp cutlass pointed at Rob’s back. 
Rob revealed no emotion, looking solemnly toward the deck, knowing exactly the excruciating fate that awaited him. He was no novice at having his skin laid open by the cat-o-nine tails. Seeing Lynna, he stopped to smile encouragingly.
“Move!” Sean ordered. “Or do you wish to be run through right here?”
“Please!” Lynna cried, rushing forward and attempting to pull him, and his sword, backward and away from Rob. “I implore you, sir, to cease this madness and not carry through with your threat.” 
Sean pretended not to hear her as he marched Rob toward the hatchway. Lynna realized that once the crew discovered what was about they would halt their work to urge their captain on, eager for any diversion from their tedious monotony. If she was to stop this vicious act of violence, it would have to be now.
“Wait!” she cried, tugging on Sean’s sleeve until he stopped prodding Rob with his sword and looked down at her. Dreading it, but without hesitation she timidly touched his bare chest where his shirt fell open. “I will do anything… you ask.” Standing on tiptoe she whispered close to his ear, but the words almost choked her. “Anything… if you do not flog this man.”
Sean rubbed his jaw and pretended to ponder her request when in truth he had known this would be her reaction to his threat against an innocent man.
“No, Ma’am!” Rob stated adamantly, ignoring the cutlass at his back. “Don’t do dat!”
“Avast, you fool!” Sean commanded angrily, having no desire to whip a man without just cause. “Who do you think will be most apt to see the sun rise tomorrow morning? You, after twenty lashes from the cat-o-nine, or her after a night with me? Now shut your trap and return to the galley before I change my mind.”
With a sly grin curving his lips, Sean followed Lynna to her cabin. He was elated, while she felt dead, numb all over. Could she carry through with the deed she had offered? 
Where was her husband? Why didn’t he stop this insanity? Silent tears coursed down her cheeks as she heard the door close and nervously turned to face the pirate captain that she had bartered her body to. But she wasn’t ready. She had to stall him until she could devise a plan. “Tell me about your life, Captain Devereux. I would care to know what would make a man turn to piracy.”
“I will be happy to discuss my upbringing with you at a later date. After I have made love to you to my heart’s content. Rest assured, little one, your stall tactics will not work. I held up my end of the bargain, now come to me as you promised.”
There would be no turning back now. His eyes, glazed with lust, assured her of that.
Taking her in his arms, Sean’s hands were surprisingly gentle as he slowly began to unfasten her dress, stopping often to touch, caress, and stare in amazement as her exquisite beauty was unveiled to him. He desired this stunning lady with an urgency he hadn’t felt in a long time and had a strong yearning to feel her soft, supple body beneath his.
“My husband will kill you for this,” she whispered, as he cupped a breast in each hand and nuzzled her neck.
“That is a risk I am willing to take, little one.” He chuckled, realizing that most likely she was still a virgin, and he would be more than happy to deflower her. Easing her down on the bunk, his lips had just found hers when the unmistakable sound of a cannon blast striking the ship made Sean forget his purpose. Jerking his trousers up, he turned to her and promised, “I will return shortly and we will continue where we left off.” 
Lynna had no doubt that his words were true as he hurried from the cabin, leaving the door open in his haste. 
Now was her chance. Clutching her dress to her bosom, she was midway to the deck when Rob grabbed her arm, jerking her around to face him.
“Dis way, ma’am,” he shouted over the cries of injured men and noise of shots being fired. The sharp smell of gunpowder and the frightening sound of wood splintering filled the air around them. The smoke from cannons being fired choked her as she jerked her arm free and headed for the deck. “I must see who is attacking us! It could be my rescuers!” 
“Naw, Ma’am, I done seed dem an’ it jus’ another pi’ate ship. Our onliest chance is to jump ovah de side and swim fo it!” Without giving her a chance to refuse, Rob lifted her easily to the rail and tossed her over the side just before another cannon blast rocked the ship. 
The deep, murky water came rushing forcefully up to meet her, filling her skirts and dragging her under. Within seconds, her lungs were aching, demanding that she breathe, and her chest was on fire. For what seemed like an eternity, she struggled toward the surface against the heavy skirts that pulled her down, dragging her under until she could fight no longer. She longed for death to release her from this insufferable agony. Suddenly, Joshua’s face appeared in the black water and she swam toward him.


Chapter 20 



Shivers of stabbing pain behind her eyelids caused Lynna to open her eyes. Then she was immediately forced to lift a trembling hand to cover them from the blinding rays of the blazing morning sun. Quickly squeezing her eyes shut, she painfully rolled onto her stomach, groaning as she dropped her parched and swollen face into the scorching sand. 
Dear God! Every muscle in her body screamed with agony. Where was she? How did she get here? How long had she been here? But most important, why couldn’t she remember the answers to these questions? Her mind was blank. She remembered nothing before opening her eyes to the too brilliant sun that was now searing her skin. The roar of crashing waves sounded extremely loud in her pounding ears and answered one of her questions. She was on a beach. With tremendous effort, she lifted her head.
Ahead of her was the vast ocean and on both sides nothing but sand as far as the eye could see. Wet sand clung to her face, stinging her eyes, and she could feel it gritting against her teeth. She brushed at the sand, her gentle touch bringing fiery pain to her sunburned skin and scalding tears to her red rimmed, bloodshot eyes. Her hands reflexively went to her hair to smooth the knotty mass of tangles there, but with the combination of salt, seaweed, and God only knows what else, she found it to be an impossible task. Rolling back over, she buried her face in the sand heedless of the pain as heartfelt sobs shook her body. 
Feeling somewhat better after a good cry she took a deep breath and pulled herself up. Her arms jerked violently as she rose on quivering hands and knees and cried out at the pain that small effort caused her, especially her upper arms and shoulders. After several attempts she stood slowly, wondering if her knees would buckle as they threatened at any moment to do. As she turned from the beach, she saw the cool shade of the forest beckoning her. If she could only dig deep into her soul and find the strength to make it there, she would never ask for anything else as long as she lived. “Please, God,” she prayed, “just let me make it to the shade.”
Each step she was sure would be her last, but after what seemed like hours of lifting the dead weight of her legs and dropping her feet into the hot sand, she finally reached the edge of the forest and sank down into its shady haven. Closing her burning eyelids, exhaustion overwhelmed her and she welcomed the cool, soothing darkness that once again enveloped her.

“Wake up! Is you alive? Wake up!” The voice seemed to come from far, far away, pulling her back from the welcomed darkness. “Dis heah’s Rob. Kin you heah me?”
Lynna opened her eyes slowly, terrified of the enormous black giant of a man kneeling before her who seemed determined to shake her bones loose. The whites of his eyes were angry red and bloodshot causing her to back against the trunk of a coconut tree in fear for her life with a look of stark terror marring her features.
“Why is you actin’ like you is sceared of me?” Rob asked, puzzled by her reaction and reaching out to gently brush the sand from her face. “I ain’t gwine hurt you.”
She saw the look of genuine hurt in his eyes and for reasons unknown to her, her fear for the bear of a man gradually began to dissolve. From somewhere deep within her soul she knew this man would cause her no harm.
“You knows I ain’t gwine hurt you aftah whut you done fo’ me.” He hung his head in shame, recalling how she had bravely given herself to the pirate captain to save him from the lash.
“What I done for you? I don’t even know who you are.” Her words came out as a scratchy croak. “Where am I?”
“I cain answer dat, ma’am.” He shook his head sorrowfully. “I come to down on de beach dis mawning’. I figured I was de onliest one whut made it ta sho’ alive. So, I struck out through dem trees lookin’ fo’ food an’ water.” He pointed to the thriving jungle behind them.
“Water,” she croaked, nodding her head rapidly. Tenderly touching her dry, swollen lips she whispered, “Did you find water?”
“I sho’ nuff did.” His huge calloused hands pulled her gently to her feet. “Kin you walk?” he questioned worriedly. “Cause if’n you cain, I kin carry you.”
“Thank you…yes…” She looked at him oddly. “Who...who are you?”
“Rob, ma’am. My name be Rob.” For the first time he noticed the distant look in her eyes. “You ‘members me, from de ship, don’t you?”
“What ship?” Lynna scarcely got the words out, but Rob didn’t mistake the sincerity in her tone. It was then he realized that she had not survived the ordeal unscathed as he had first hoped. He tried to make light of the situation and conceal his concern for her. “Weah talk ‘bout dat later. Fo’ now le’s git you some watah.”
With his strong arms helping to support her, Rob led her through the jungle to a small clearing and a sparkling blue pond. He heard her soft gasp and then she was gone, plunging headfirst into the cool water. Lynna drank deeply and when she had her fill, began rubbing the thick layer of salt, sand, and grime from her hair and skin. Her eyes closed blissfully as the water seemed to drain away some of her pain.
Rob watched silently from the bank, thanking God for sparing her life also. He had searched for her under the black, murky water until his lungs threatened to burst. Exhausted, he had surfaced calling her over and over until he finally gave up hope after realizing that no one could stay under water that long and survive. Rob knew that God’s hand had brought her safely to land.
“You stays rite chere til I gits back, ma’am. I’se gwine find you sumphin’ to eat.”
“I will,” she promised. “And thank you. Rob, do you know my name?”
“I sho’ don’t. But since you got all dat yeller hair, an’ ‘minds me of one, I’s gwine call you Buttercup.”
She floated dreamily in the water that was so cool on her sunburned skin. Looking around she was left awestruck by the lush splendor of the tropical paradise. She relaxed, feeling the tension leave her tight muscles, then tensed when something large bumped against her back. Her gasp echoed through the still forest as she froze, too terrified to turn and see what manner of man or beast was behind her. God only knew what hideous creatures lurked beneath the depths of the clear, inviting water, waiting to devour her. Her heart seemed to form a lump in her throat as she waited, galvanized for the attack. 
Holding her breath, she realized no harm had befallen her. So gathering her courage, she turned slowly. As she did the breath left her in a burst of merriment.
It was a water lily. Or at least she assumed it was. Having never seen one with such huge dimensions she could not be sure. At least six feet in diameter, the lily pad was strong and buoyant, its brilliant color somewhere between lavender and pink. The flowers in the center were closed and she would later learn they opened only after the sun went down. 
Feeling strangely adventurous, she climbed into the lily pad to see if it would support her weight. It did, and she relaxed into the cushiony softness, dangling her feet over the side and into the water as exhaustion from her trying ordeal once again settled over her and she slept.
Rob returned to find her asleep and floating on the giant pad. “Buttercup!” he called several times, but to no avail. Her sleep was one of physical exhaustion. He debated whether or not to let her rest. Then deciding she needed food in her stomach more, he called to her again, receiving the same response. Picking up a large rock he threw it in the water beside her, grinning when she sat up sputtering and wiping water from her face.
“What did you do that for?” she cried, sounding put upon.
“I call’ and call’, but you ain’t wake up.” He smiled mischievously. “Come an’ eat dese nuts an’ berries I done foun’ fo’ you.”
Forcing herself to leave the comfort of her lily pad, Lynna left the water and went to sit beside him on the damp moss. Hungrily, she grabbed a berry and stuffed the sweet, plump, juiciness into her mouth. She found the berries much to her liking, the same with the nuts. The tasty fare stopped the growling in her stomach, but left her far from satisfied.
Rob noticed. “Aftah we finds us a place ta sleep tonite, I see whut kind of meat I kin roun’ up fo’ supper. I done seed plenty of rabbit’ an’ squirrel’ on dis heah island an’ dat big ole sea is full of fish, so we ain’t gwine starve.”
Lynna was immediately on her feet. “Where do we begin?” She was eager to help, having no desire to sleep on the open ground tonight with heaven knows what else for company.
Directly across from the pond Rob noticed for the first time what seemed to be an overgrown path. From the height of the grass in comparison with the surrounding vegetation, it was obvious that the path had once been well traveled. Tensing, then forcing his body to relax lest he alarm the girl, he realized they might not be alone on this island as he had first suspected. He wondered if the natives were friendly and issued a silent prayer they were not the cannibals the pirate captain had often threatened him with. His insides tightened involuntarily at the thought of Lynna meeting with that awful fate. He would not let her see his fear as he vowed to protect her with his very life. 
Taking her hand, they followed the path for several hundred feet through the dense jungle until they came to another shaded clearing of soft, inviting grass, surrounded on all sides by towering trees and scrubby plant life. Again Rob noticed that some of the undergrowth wasn’t as tall and thick as the rest. Moving to part the thick tangle of vines, he was amazed to find the entrance to a cave. 
Stepping inside, he squinted, trying to see through the eerie darkness, but his eyes could make out nothing except pitch black. The cave had been well used, for what he wasn’t sure, but he intended to find out. He walked around the clearing gathering dry leaves, twigs, and two flint rocks as Lynna relaxed on the soft carpet of grass.
Rob rubbed the flint rocks over a pile of kindling until a spark ignited it, then fashioning a makeshift torch he headed toward the cave entrance. “You waits heah while I takes a look inside.”
“Oh, no! I am going with you. I’m not staying out here alone with...with…” Lynna peered into the jungle, moving even closer to Rob when she heard what sounded like a woman’s piercing scream. “That!”
“It jus’ a bird, Buttercup. I spent time on a plan’ation in Jamaica, so I knows dat sound. Ain’t nothin’ to be sceared of.”
“Just the same,” she insisted adamantly. “I am going with you.”
They shoved spider webs and other debris aside to enter the cave, gasping in unison as the light from the torch illuminated the interior. “I cannot believe my eyes,” Lynna whispered. 
“We ain’t de onliest ones on dis heah island,” Rob mumbled, nervously surveying his surroundings. “Dat’s fo’ sho’.” His huge hands clenched into tight fists as his sides, suddenly alert to hidden dangers.
While he stood motionless, Lynna took the torch and walked around the spacious cave, lighting torches that were attached to the wall. Light spilled across the room, illuminating a carved oak table with two sturdy chairs. A cabinet stood in one corner filled with an assortment of carved wooden plates, bowls, cups, spoons and forks. What she found most pleasing was the bed. It was a four-poster with a canvas mattress and spread, presumably made from the sail of a ship. 
“This is incredible!” Lynna breathed, astonishment in her voice. “Someone must have lived here for quite some time. And whoever carved this furniture was a master of the art.” She was quiet as she moved around the room, amazed at the craftsmanship. “But where are they now?”
Rob relaxed a little, realizing that neither natives nor cannibals were accustomed to the furnishings exhibited in the cave. “I reckon weah be safe nuff heah, fo’ now.” 
“I reckon we will.” She smiled.
They both assumed from the vast amounts of cobwebs, dust, and small furry creatures inhabiting the cave, that it had been vacated by its previous occupants long ago. Lynna immediately set about cleaning the place, hoping to make it livable by nightfall. On closer inspection of the much cherished bed, they found the moss filled mattress to be the home of a lively family of noisy squirrels. Rob chased the critters away and carried the mattress outside to refill with fresh moss. Lynna lugged the canvas spread to the beach to wash. Returning to the cave, they confronted the dirty interior together.
“Rob,” Lynna asked, unable to reach the ceiling. “Can you get those cobwebs down for me?”
“Yes, Ma’am,” he answered dutifully.
Lynna turned serious blue eyes on him. “Just yes, Rob. On this island we are equals. Here there is no color barrier between us. No master and no slave. Who knows, we may be on this island for the rest of our lives with only each other for companionship. I hope we can be friends.
“You is a fine lady, Buttercup, dat’s fo’ sho’.” Then he turned to leave. “I’se gwine look fo’ supper, so it mite be aw’ile fo’ I gits back.”
“Here, you might need this.” In one corner of the cave stood a various array of spears of all shapes and sizes, a wooden bow and arrow, and a collection of hand carved knives. Picking a spear at random she held it out to him.
A huge grin split Rob’s face. “A man cain axk fo’ a better place to be shipwreck’, can he?” 
	
Later that evening Rob was lost in thought as they sat at the table after a satisfying meal of baked fish and oysters, cacoon stew, and fresh fruit. Lynna was proud of the meal she had prepared. Cacoon stew was made from a vine called cacoon, with pods that grew up to three feet in length. Rob taught her how to boil the pods and make a stew that was surprisingly mouthwatering. 
Rob obviously had a lot on his mind. “I hope some of de others on dat ship was lucky as we was.”
“What ship?” she asked curiously. They had been so busy making the cave habitable that there had been little time for discussion. “You said we were shipwrecked. What ship were we on?”
“I keeps forgittin’.” Rob sighed wistfully. “You done forgot everthin’. Mite as well start at de beginnin’.”
As his unbelievable story unfolded, Lynna’s astonishment grew. She found it difficult, if not impossible, to believe she had actually given herself to a pirate captain to save this huge black man from being whipped. Nor could she believe she was married.
“What did you say my husband’s name was?” she queried softly.
“Michael Debero,” Rob answered patiently. “He be de brotha’ of de pi’ate captain, Sean Debero.”
“Then my name is Devereux, at least we know that much.” She stood, roaming aimlessly around the cave, trying to make sense of what he was telling her. Why couldn’t she remember? “My husband Michael is the brother of this pirate. We were on our way to Tortuga when the ship was attacked and sank.” She stopped suddenly and said, “Then, I suppose my husband is dead?”
“I don’t know bout dat, Buttercup. He mite be alive, but I gots my doubts. De las’ time I turn’ ‘round an’ look dat whole ship was gwine up in flames.” Lynna could only stare, disbelief registering on her face as his words sunk in. “Whut I done tol’ you is de truth. De ship was on fire, we jump’ ovah de side, an’ dat’s alls I member ta I come to down on dat beach.”
Lynna shook her head dismally. “I wonder if the rest of my life was this adventurous?” 
“I cain tell you nothin’ ‘bout yo life fo’ you come to on dat beach. ‘Cept dat you live’ on a fine sugah plan’ation wit’ Mist’ Michael.”
Lynna sat down on the clean canvas spread as sheer exhaustion seemed to seep from every pore in her body. ‘Rob, what happened to me? Why can’t I remember my life before the shipwreck?” Her eyes filled with tears and glistened in the waning light. “Will I ever remember my past?”
“I cain say. Sometime it be bes’ ta forgit de pas’.” Rob looked down into his cup, seeing images he had hoped to forget. “Like mines. I was jus’ anotha’ slave on a fine cotton plan’ation in Jawga. But, dis ain’t no awdnary plan’ation. You see, de Mastuh, Mastuh Hawkins, got his fun frum seein’ us slaves in pain. Cuttin’ off yo hand if’n you got so hongry dat you steal food fo’ yo’ chillens. I believe he spent mos’ his time thankin’ up new ways to cause us pain. He even burn’ out one man’s eyes fo’ lookin’ too long at his ugly girl. Dat’s when I left. I cain take no mo’. Even life on dat pi’ate ship, bad as it was, was better dan livin’ on dat plan’ation wit dat crazy man.”
Rob glanced up after spilling his guts to find Lynna in peaceful repose. Pulling the spread over her, he went back to the table, thankful she had fallen asleep before he finished his story. She might fear him if she knew he was a murderer. For in the dead of night, he had killed old man Hawkins for burning out both of his brother’s eyes and making his mama watch. His mama had clutched her heart and died shortly after, and Rob no longer had a reason to remain on the plantation. He had slipped away that night and made it to the harbor, and the notorious pirate ship.
With Lynna asleep, Rob left the cave to bury the skeleton he had found in the forest that morning. It was presumably the occupant of the cave. He had no way of knowing what had killed the man. Sickness, snakebite, or attack from beast or man. He would probably never know.
	
The following days were carefree and happy ones. Lynna tore apart her tattered dress and petticoats to fashion two calf length sarongs, which she tied at the shoulder. With her skin tanned to a rich golden brown, bare feet, and loose shining mane, Rob fancied her to be a golden goddess, and he had no doubt that she was the most beautiful woman he would see in his lifetime, but he felt no desire other than to protect her. 
Rob joined Lynna in the happiness to be found on their island sanctuary. He had worked at backbreaking labor for the past twenty years, pouring gallons of his sweat into the land, for naught. Picking cotton had required him to use only his hands, not his mind. But here, life was very different.
He was jubilant to discover that Lynna valued his opinions, listening intently as he explained everything from shooting a bow and arrow to opening a coconut. Having someone to trust in him and come to him for advice had made Rob a changed man and the happiest he had ever been. He also had something that had been absent in his life until now. Pride. And Lynna had been the catalyst to bring about the change.

After many days of practicing under Rob’s patient tutelage, Lynna was soon able to spear fish and sometimes, if the animal would cooperate and remain still, small game. They dined on roasted clams, oysters, cacoon stew and their staple diet of fish and shrimp. This, combined with an abundance of fruits, nuts, and berries, proved to be most satisfying to their appetites. They often made a game of who could capture their meal first, Rob frequently allowing her to win.
“How long have we been here, Rob?” Lynna asked one morning as she was clearing the table, putting the plates in a hand woven basket to take to the stream to wash. She was content with her life on the island, not dwelling on the uncertainties of the past.
Rob held up all ten fingers, closed them and opened them four more times, then closed them and held up nine more. In exchange for sharing his experience with Lynna, she had been teaching him to count and write and found him to be a most apt pupil.
“Fifty nine days. Almost two months,” she sighed wistfully. “It doesn’t seem like we’ve been on the island that long, does it?”
“No, ma’am.” He turned suddenly somber. “I been tryin’ to figure a way to git you off dis heah island.”
“You will do no such thing!” Lynna cried. “I refuse to leave. I’m happy here with you.”
“I’se happy here wit’ you too, Buttercup. De happiest I done been my whole life. You don’t know whut it’s like to work till you drop ever’day an’ den have a man wit’ a whip standin’ ovah you jus’ waitin’ fo’ a chance to use it. I was thinkin’ ‘bout yo family. I reckon dey done worrit deyselves sick wonderin’ if’n you is dead or alive.”
“I don’t even know if I have a family, Rob. I may not have anyone to return to.” His words had struck a soft spot in her heart. She had caught herself questioning that part of her past with more frequency lately.
“Dat’s whut I’se sayin’, Buttercup. Ain’t you wantin’ ta find out?” 
“What I do or do not want is a moot point, Rob. I don’t see a fine sailing vessel floating in the harbor just waiting to carry us home. There is no way off this island. So that settles it.”
Rob was thoughtful for a minute before speaking. “We only seed dis one side of de island. We ain’t knowin’ whut’s on de other side. The man whut carve’ all dis fine furniture an’ fix up dis heah cave musta got on dis island by ship. Dat ship mite be tied up on de other side of dis island fo’ all we knows. I’s gwine strike out in de mawnin’ an’ see whut I kin find.”
“I will pack us a basket. Food may not be as plentiful on the other side of the island.” Lynna turned to reach for the basket, but Rob’s huge calloused hand covered hers.
“Naw, Buttercup. I kin make bettah time by myself an’ I know you be safe heah in dis cave or I ain’t leave you heah alone.”
“Alone!” she echoed. “Why, I could not possibly stay here alone. These woods abound with wild beasts.”
Rob chuckled. “How many wile beast’ you done seed ‘boundin’, Buttercup?”
“Well… none, but… that’s not to say they aren’t there,” she insisted. “How long will you be gone, Rob?” She had visions of the lonely, empty days ahead without his company. Suddenly her paradise felt more like a prison.
“I ain’t ritely sho’. I ain’t got no way of knowin’ how big dis heah island is.” Rob wished she wouldn’t look so lost and forlorn. He would take her with him, but he knew how demanding scaling the mountain would be, and she would be safe in the cave.

The following morning, Lynna waved to Rob until his receding shape was no longer visible. Hot tears streamed unchecked down her sun-bronzed cheeks. How could he leave her alone? He was her only companion in the world, and now even he was forsaking her. She had never felt more lonely than she did at that moment. God forbid Rob should meet with an unforeseen accident and never return, leaving her to spend the remainder of her life on this island without companionship. She would surely go mad. 
Neither of them knew what mysteries lay beyond their secluded hideaway in this as yet unexplored haven. She often wondered what had happened to the previous dweller of the cave, but had not a clue to his disappearance.
She dreaded the nights alone most. She had heard hideous, bloodcurdling screams, waking her from a sound sleep and sending her scurrying to Rob’s side, where he slept on a soft pallet of moss in the corner. But he would only laugh, explaining which of the forests many creatures had made the peculiar sound. She was still far from convinced that some monstrous beast wasn’t lurking outside the cave, just waiting for a chance to devour them both. But that was only when the strange noises filled the deep, dark jungle at night. When the morning sun cast its brilliant beam over the tropical island, she felt no such fear. Until now, realizing that tonight would be her first night without Rob.

After Rob had been gone for a few days the feelings of loneliness abated and Lynna took the opportunity to explore her lush environment. The island reminded her of a sparkling jewel floating in the warm blue transparent waters of the Caribbean. On one side towered rugged green highlands, on the other stood exotic rain forests brimming with lush flora and fauna. She found great joy in discovering the many delights the beautiful island offered. 
In the forest she found flowers of every size and color. Red, yellow, white, and orange were scattered among the vegetation in a glorious array of color. Wild orchids grew in abundance among the towering bamboo shoots, some stretching as high as one hundred feet, blotting out the sun and leaving the forests cool on even the hottest days.
Much to her surprise, she slept soundly at night, waking up unharmed and in one piece in the morning. She heeded Rob’s dire warnings and didn’t venture too far into the jungle, only skirting the edges and never failing to be amazed at what she saw. The trees stretched endlessly toward the sky, many reaching heights of 130 feet, their tops creating an umbrella that kept the sun from falling on the forest floor, littered with rotten tree trunks, scrubby plant life, and roots. The cool green of the forest was broken often by the vivid array of flowers, blossoming trees, and vines.
The magnificent orchids of all colors were her favorites and the blossoming trees were as lovely as the flowers, some boasting hues of brilliant violet, while others sported vibrant scarlet patches. But one tree was more unusual than it was beautiful, with fruit that reminded her of hanging sausage links. Flourishing among the trees, wrapping and twisting among them were the ever present vines, nearly as thick as a man’s body, stretched endlessly and twining through the forest like huge ropes.
Walking further down the beach, Lynna found that the forest gave way to breathtaking hollows. Tall elephant grass swayed in the gentle breeze and the entire landscape was dotted with colorful wildflowers. Bending to pick a handful, she walked back down the beach. Then, realizing she hadn’t eaten since breakfast, she decided to return to the cave and continue with her exploration later. 
The white sand under her feet was warm, almost hot as she leisurely strolled the beach, stopping often to watch with apt interest the numerous species of birds that inhabited the island. She enjoyed the bright orange, yellow, and green parrots, cuckoo birds, pelicans, and ever present hummingbirds that fluttered through the trees. She found herself laughing now at the same piercing screams that had filled her with terror her first night in this tropical paradise.
  The shallow ocean waters were alive with bright, exotic tropical fish, gigantic tortoises, and oftentimes she saw fins protruding from the water. In the jungle she was ever on the look out for monstrous pythons. Rob had cautioned her that even though their bite was nonpoisonous, they could easily squeeze the life from her.
Feeling suddenly cool and shaded she glanced skyward to see thick, black clouds rolling in threatening masses over the mountains, and heard the now familiar rumbling of thunder. Afternoon thunderstorms were a frequent occurrence on the island, usually brief, but often accompanied by heavy downpours of rain. For this reason, she hurried down the path toward the cave. 
Preoccupied with her thoughts, she failed to notice the tall ship anchored off shore.


Chapter 21 



Lynna reached the cave just as fat drops of rain splashed her face. Standing in the mouth of the cave she watched the leathery tree leaves bend under the weight of the rain and gave thanks she had reached shelter before the storm broke. After lighting the wall torches, she prepared a delicious lunch of oyster stew using coconut milk. Then, feeling safe and warm in her cozy hideaway, she curled up on the bed listening to the steady dripping of rain in the forest and, after wishing for the thousandth time that she had a good book, drifted into a dreamless sleep.
When she awoke hours later, she stretched luxuriously, marveling at how wonderful a nap made her feel. The rain had ended and the sun was shining brightly, the forest smelling fresh and alive. The huge canopy of trees above her still trickled water long after the rain had ended, drenching her as she walked under it. 
With no direction in mind she eventually found herself beside the pool. Already wet from the dripping leaves, she dove into the water and swam to her lily pad, climbing inside. Her arms and legs dangled over the side as she kicked her feet to propel Mother Nature’s raft through the water. 
A butterfly, the biggest she had ever seen, lighted on her knee. Its wingspan was as broad as both of her opened hands and the vivid colors were flamboyant gold, red, green and shimmering violet. “Oh, how lovely you are.” She remained motionless, watching the dazzling insect crawl over her knee until a startling noise from the bushes caused it to flutter away.
At once alert, Lynna peered into the dark jungle, willing herself not to be afraid. She laughed out loud recalling how terrified she had been when the lily pad had bumped against her back. Closing her eyes, she relaxed, drifting over the rippling swells that her kicking feet created, convinced the noise was nothing more than one of the jungles small, furry creatures at play.
	
The three men who watched Lynna from behind the bushes were speechless, afraid to move or speak lest the image before them should disappear. For two of the men, she was an ethereal golden goddess for their love starved eyes. For their Captain, she was the answer to many devout prayers. Joshua stared in shocked disbelief at the vision before him and felt the tremendous weight he had carried for so long being miraculously lifted from his weary shoulders. 
After months of desperate searching, he had finally found her. And she was alive. And so damned beautiful. She looked so petite and fragile in the huge lily pad as her golden hair spilled over the side to float on the surface of the water. The sarong she wore had slipped up around her thigh exposing the length of her smooth golden legs to their hungry gaze.
“Lynna, my darling. You are alive,” Joshua whispered.
Her eyes flew open and she cried out in shock, witnessing her worst nightmare come to life as three men stood on the bank, soaked to the skin, their wet hair plastered to their heads. To her terrified eyes they were the very epitome of evil. In a daze, she swam to the opposite shore, uncertain which way to run.
“Lynna, is it really you?” The taller of the three stepped forward with a gentle smile curving his lips and a questioning light shining in his sea green eyes. He hastened around the pool toward her, but before he was within arm’s reach she was running wildly at breakneck speed through the jungle as if she were being chased by the devil himself. For in her mind, she was.
“Oh, God,” she beseeched, praying for guidance. Where could she hide? Who were those awful men chasing her, and why did one of them call her Lynna? Then the answer was suddenly clear to her. The pirates. They weren’t dead, as Rob had presumed. They were very much alive and evidently determined to kidnap her and return her to the pirate ship. Rob would never even know what happened to her. “Rob, please, come help me,” she cried, more terrified than she ever remembered being. No! Rob wasn’t here to protect her. She would have to fend for herself. 
She couldn’t hide in the cave, for they would follow the trampled path just as she and Rob had. But her weapons were in the cave, the spears that she had become so adept at using. She would need them if she were to survive the sea rover’s attack. Racing blindly through the forest, she clutched at her side as sharp talons of fear stabbed her.
Inside the cave she grabbed two of the spears and turned to leave, but her body went numb at what she saw. Lynna contemplated using the spear on herself, but lacked the courage. Instead, she faced the men blocking the entrance to the cave, daring them with a savage look to approach her.
“Why did you run from me, Lynna?” Again, the tallest man stepped forward with a look of genuine hurt and bewilderment marring his rugged features. 
Why… he was almost convincing. Yet Lynna recognized it as only a ploy to make her lose control of the situation. Raising the spear with her right hand and aiming it directly at his heart, she held out her left hand to stop his progress. 
“Stay away from me or I will use it,” she ordered fiercely, meaning every word. “Now get off my island.”
“Your island?” Mystified, Joshua could only stare at her, wondering if this stunning creature truly was his Lynna or if his mind was playing tricks on him. There was only one way to find out. “Sam, return to the ship and give the crew leave to come ashore.” As he spoke, his sparkling, green eyes never once left her. “I can handle this.”
Lynna gasped, horrified at his words. Perhaps she could defend herself against the three of them, given the arsenal in the cave, but not his entire crew.
“Are ye sure, lad?” Sam responded worriedly, not anxious to leave him alone with the wee lass, beautiful though she may be. With her deeply tanned skin and her curve hugging sarong, none of the men had ever witnessed such a sight. There was little comparison to the pale, timid girl they remembered from her time on the Windjammer. “I am almost certain she would not hesitate to use that thing.” He anxiously pointed to the sharp tip of the spear.
A deep chuckle rumbled through Joshua’s chest. “I feel certain I can defend myself against her. But should I fail, I will not hesitate to call for your assistance.”
Chiding himself for being overprotective, Sam left the cave. He had seen the Captain do battle with several men at once and still come out the victor. Surely he could hold his own against this slight wisp of a girl.
Alone with Lynna at last, Joshua casually strolled over to the table and sat down, knowing full well that if he got close to her it would be his undoing. From a safe distance his eyes traveled greedily over her scantily clad form. Her shining golden hair fell in silky waves over her sun bronzed shoulders and a lavender orchid was tucked behind her right ear. The sarong molded sensuously to her alluring curves as her unfettered breasts swelled enticingly against the thin material. At that moment he would have given all his worldly possessions to take her in his arms and make sweet love to her for the remainder of the day and night. But first he had to get to the bottom of this charade.
Lynna eyed the man warily seated at her table as if he owned it. But what a magnificent man he was. Shining black hair spilled over his forehead to be carelessly brushed aside. Eyes the very color of the sea, eyes that seemed to know her deepest secrets. Eyes that seemed to strip away her sarong and leave her naked beneath his searing gaze. A deep longing shone in their emerald depths and for some strange reason, Lynna had the urge to throw down the spear and rush headlong into his arms, telling him how terribly frightened she had been. She longed for him to hold her, comfort her, and erase her fears. She had no memory of the past, yet she felt an overpowering attraction for this man.
Then something clicked in her brain. Michael. Her husband. Of course! Why else would she feel so drawn to him? He had survived the shipwreck and searched until he found her. Happiness and relief washed over her in a flood. Following her heart, instead of her head, she lowered her guard and asked in a breathless whisper so close that Joshua could almost feel her warm breath on his lips, “Are you Michael?”
Anger flared deep within Joshua as her hurtful words squeezed his heart. “What childish game do you play, Lynna?” he gritted, standing and grabbing her to shake her roughly by her shoulders. “You know who I am. Cease with this senseless charade at once.”
She had been wrong. Dead wrong. This man wasn’t her husband of that she was certain. Stark terror was her only emotion as his fingers bit cruelly into her shoulders and his eyes probed hers for answers.
Joshua didn’t fail to notice the terror that registered briefly on her lovely features. So he was alert when she turned to run and caught her easily before she made her escape. Pulling her around to face him, their eyes met and he saw the truth register in hers. Her body trembled beneath his questing hands as tears glistened on her sooty lashes. Cupping her chin, he forced her to look at him when she would have turned away. “You really don’t remember me, do you, my sweet?” 
The soft words tugged at her heart so that she again felt the urge to be held and comforted by him. His breath was warm against her as he pulled her close, their bodies touching, igniting a fire that threatened to consume them both.
“I can make you remember me, Lynna,” he whispered huskily. “Never doubt that for a moment. We shared too much to forget.”
His sweet lips touched hers, gently at first, then urgently demanding a response. With a will of their own Lynna’s hands moved up around his neck, entwining in his hair, desiring to draw him closer. His hands on her body were hot, searing through the thin material of her sarong, fanning flames that demanded to be quenched. Joshua lifted her reverently, carrying her to the bed.
“My sweet, sweet Lynna. I have been to hell and back these past months, not knowing whether you were alive or dead.” He planted soft kisses over her eyes, nose, and finally her mouth. “But I would not accept the possibility of never holding you in my arms again.” His strong hands closed over her buttocks, pressing her softness against him. 
Lynna. That must be her first name, but her last name was Devereux. The word penetrated her brain and had the same effect as ice-cold water being thrown in her face. She was Lynna Devereux, Michael Devereux’s wife. She could not allow this man, this bloodthirsty pirate, to take what belonged only to her husband. No matter how badly her body craved his touch, or how strong her desire was to continue. 
“Stop!” she screamed, pushing him away. Quickly retying the sarong she rushed outside hoping the cool evening air would clear the confusion from her head. She followed the path to the pool, wanting to wash away the feel of his hands and lips on her body as well, but she stopped dead in her tracks. 
The forest was alive with the sounds of shouting and robust laughter. Moving as stealthily as a cat, she peered through the thick undergrowth and found the pool filled with naked, frolicking men, enjoying their first real baths and fresh water in months. Her face a bright shade of pink, she turned and ran straight into the broad chest of the one she was hoping to escape.
“I should have warned you, my love.” Joshua laughed, holding her ensnared as his gaze roamed over her, eying her delightful curves and enchanting face. “The men have been at sea for many months, and unless you prefer their company for the night, I’d suggest you return to the cave with me.”
“I will return to the cave,” she stormed. “But I will go alone!” 
“As you wish,” he stated simply, walking past her to join his men for a much needed bath.

Lynna lay in bed wide awake, as shouts from the men’s camp carried through the jungle making sleep impossible. If only the cave had a door and a latch. What was to prevent this pirate captain from coming tonight and taking advantage of her while she slept? She had no doubt that he was entirely capable of such brutish acts. She got up, went to the corner, and taking the sharpest spear, placed it under the mattress. Feeling somewhat safer, she was finally able to drift off to a fitful, dream laced sleep. 

She awoke the next morning smiling a greeting to the new day, having momentarily forgotten the events of the previous one.
“Good morning, my pet.” Joshua smiled from his vantage point beside the bed.
Gasping, Lynna tugged the cover up to her neck, giving him a look she hoped conveyed her accurate feelings. “What are you doing here?” 
“Seeing that no harm befell you during the night,” he replied, puffing lazily on a cheroot.
She flew from the bed to stand before him, arms akimbo, outraged at his possessive manner. “I can assure you, sir, I do not need or want your protection. I have managed to survive quite nicely thus far without your assistance and I’m sure I can continue to do so in the foreseeable future.”
Ignoring her angry outburst, Joshua sipped from a cup from which drifted a most delicious aroma. Coffee! How her mouth watered for a taste. Lynna could not draw her eyes away from the steaming liquid as she suddenly realized how tired she was of water and coconut milk.
Following her eyes, Joshua handed her the cup. “Forgive me. I forgot that you have been without the luxuries the rest of us take for granted.” A slow smile curved his lips as he watched her drain the cup before turning serious. “Tell me, Lynna. How have you managed here alone?” Joshua made a sweeping gesture with his hands. “How did you happen to acquire all of this furniture? Surely you didn’t carve it yourself.”
Lynna decided it wouldn’t hurt to answer a few of his questions. After all, he had shared his coffee with her. She moved closer to the edge of the bed where her spear was, just in case. Going to the fire he had built in the fire pit just outside the entrance to the cave, Joshua lifted a coffee pot and refilled the cup. “The cave was like this when we found it,” she answered over her shoulder while making the bed. “All Rob and I had to do to make it livable was clean it up and chase out a family of...”
“Rob?” Joshua’s voice was low, almost a growl, as he slammed the cup down, splashing most of its contents on the table. “Did you say Rob?”
Lynna felt a cold shiver of fear race down her spine. “Yes… Rob.” she said, inching toward the spear. It was obvious the man was barely able to control his rising anger. He appeared livid, ready to explode at any given second. What had she said to make him so angry? She had to keep him talking until she could reach the spear. “We have been blissfully happy here, Rob and I.”
In one violent motion Joshua threw the cup, sending the remains of the coffee splattering against the wall. Grabbing her roughly by the shoulder, his eyes bore into hers. “Who in the hell is Rob?” he ground out as an indescribable pain began eating away at his gut. Had he been replaced by this Rob so easily?
Lynna wondered what was wrong with the man. Was he possessed by hidden demons? But then again, if he guessed she and Rob were more than just friends, perhaps he wouldn’t make any more intimate advances towards her. She had to convince him they were lovers. “Rob?” she paused dramatically. “I cannot tell you very much about him, because I don’t know.”
“You don’t know!” he bellowed. “You set up housekeeping with a man that you don’t know anything about?”
“Rob tells me the ship I was traveling on with my husband sank after being attacked at sea and we were the only survivors. But it seems he was gravely mistaken.” Then, remembering her ploy, she gazed with longing into his eyes and sighed, “I’m sure I would have never survived on this island without Rob to protect me.”
“And where is this Godsend now?” Joshua choked out, in a voice filled with all the anguish he was unable to suppress.
“Who?” 
“Rob!” he snapped. Then he spoke slowly as he would to a small child. “Where – is – he - now?”
“Oh.” Lynna had to cover her mouth to hide her smile. “He left a few days ago to explore the other side of the island. He should return any day now.” She turned around just in time to watch him storm out of the cave.



Chapter 22 



Joshua returned later to find Lynna kneading what looked like bread dough. He entered without an invitation and seemed somewhat calmer, but she had been fooled before by his mercurial moods. He stood quietly watching her. “Where did you get the ingredients to make bread on this island?”
“From the breadfruit tree,” she answered without even glancing his way. “Thank goodness, Rob worked on a plantation in Jamaica and was taught which trees and fruits are edible. He taught me to soak breadfruit in seawater until it softens. Then you peel it, and mash it into a pulp. Next you knead it like this, roll it, and bake it as you would ordinary bread dough.”
“Amazing.”
“Look at this.” She held up what looked like a chunk of ivory. Slicing a small piece, she handed it to him. “Taste it.”
Joshua was surprised to find that it had a pleasing nut taste. “What is it?”
“Palm cabbage. The cabbage is the buds on the trees.” She then handed him half of a cut open coconut. “You eat the inner white flesh and drink the clear liquid inside.”
“You are a wealth of information.”
“Rob is a very good teacher.” She instantly regretted mentioning Rob’s name after seeing Joshua’s knuckles whiten under the pressure of his clenched fists. She hadn’t meant to provoke him again. “He calls me Buttercup.”
“How touching I’m sure.” Joshua moved to the entrance of the cave peering outside. “Do you ever leave this cave?” 
“I did before you and your men intruded on the island. I would... we would spend most of our evenings on the beach having clam and oyster roasts, or building bonfires, or just watching the sunset. I have never witnessed a more breathtaking sight than when the moon hovers over the island.” She cut her eyes toward him when she said, “Now I am afraid to leave the cave.”
Joshua sat down at the table crossing his booted feet at the ankles. “I noticed you found some beautiful shells to add to your collection back home.”
Lynna had no idea what collection he spoke of, but she knew a discussion of shells was not what he had on his mind. She was correct. “You need not fear going out as long as you accompany me.”
Which danger was greater? Facing his men or being alone with him? They were silent for a long time, both lost in thought. Joshua was the first to break the silence. “Lynna, am I to believe that you have no memory of anything that happened before you came to on this island?” 
Lynna sighed. “In all honesty, I care not what you believe. But what I have told you is the truth.”
Ignoring her, he continued, undaunted. “And that you awakened on an island with a man you had never seen before and the two of you immediately set up housekeeping together?”
“Did you expect us to live in separate caves?” she murmured guilelessly. 
“I sure as hell didn’t expect you to share his bed.” Joshua’s chest heaved with anger as he scrubbed a hand over his face. “I find it hard to accept the fact that you have been living in this cave all this time with…with…”
“Rob,” she supplied, since he seemed to have some difficulty saying the word.
“Have you no explanations for me, Lynna?” He was begging her to make him understand. “How did you go from loving me, to marrying Michael, to this tryst with…with…”
“Rob.”
He opened his mouth to say more, but thought better of it and fled the cave in a huff.
Lynna smiled at his retreating form, watching him once again storm out and going over in her mind what he had said. He certainly painted her as a wanton woman with a very colorful past. Evidently he didn’t know about her giving herself to the pirate captain to save Rob from being flogged or he would have surely added that to his long list of grievances.
	
The following morning Lynna sat by the edge of the beach, digging into the soft sand with her bare foot and watching a ship with the name Windjammer painted on the bow roll with the ocean swells. Heavy clouds rolled over the mountain making the midday heat bearable, almost pleasant as the cool breeze caressed her heated skin. The scene was ethereal and had been hers and Rob’s alone until those horrid men had found it. But if she admitted the truth, the men weren’t so bad. She no longer believed them to be pirates. The few she had come in contact with had gone out of their way to be nice to her, always polite and offering assistance should she need it. As for Joshua, what did she know of this man who claimed to love her? Absolutely nothing.
It was so nice to have her freedom back after the many days of being cloistered in the cave. Joshua had ordered that his men move their encampment further down the beach. Now she never happened upon any of his crew. Little did she know that each man had been issued a personal warning by the Captain, “The lady is mine and I do not share what belongs to me. Any man who doesn’t heed my words will answer to me.” The message in his eyes spoke louder than his words and each man had taken his dire warning to heart.
“May I join you?” his sultry voice startled her.
Lynna turned to find him watching her intently. “We have nothing to say to each other.” She brushed the sand from her legs and made to rise.
“Yes, Lynna, we do. I can answer most of your questions about your past.” His soft words caressed her like silk. “Aren’t you curious?”
She turned to face him then, having a strong desire to learn about her past. Yet, at the same time, she was afraid she might discover that she had been little more than a shameless hussy. Hiding her blazing face in her hands she wondered if it might be best if she never learned of her sordid past. Yet Joshua seemed determined that she remember as he divulged all that he knew in great detail. 
She could almost envision her Aunt Judith sitting at the table in the small cottage behind the great plantation house, and Crystal running down the beach in Jamaica. Her heart constricted painfully in her chest when he told her about the child. Lynna tried desperately to remember all he told her, tried to fit the pieces of the puzzle together. “And you? What part did you play in my past? Did you live in Georgia as well?”
“No, my sweet. My home is in Charleston. We were reunited after three years apart. First, we met onboard my ship, the Windjammer, when you sailed from France.” He would not tell her about her father, as it would only cause more pain. A mischievous grin curved his lips as he recounted the night of passion they had shared on his ship. But the smile rapidly vanished as he continued with Suzanne’s treacherous schemes. Pure hatred shone in his eyes as he remembered the pain on Lynna’s face the night of the Harvest Ball when he had believed that Suzanne carried his child.
“But I could not have loved you,” Lynna tried to reason with him. “Or I would not have married another man so soon.”
“You married Michael because you believed we could never be together. You believed, as did I, that Suzanne carried my child.” He held a handful of sand, allowing it to sift slowly through his fingers before continuing. “We are both free now, Lynna. We can start fresh. Your memory may return in time, but if it doesn’t I will make you love me all over again.” Then he added, entirely too cocksure of himself, “It should not be too difficult a task.”
Lynna wanted to believe him. She prayed his words were true. But she couldn’t push the nagging thought from her mind that he was a complete stranger and could be filling her head with lies. Rob was aware she had lived on the plantation with Michael, yet he had never mentioned this child named Crystal. She wondered if any of what Joshua had told her was the truth.
Taking her hand, Lynna didn’t resist when he led her to a grassy knoll where colorful wild flowers waved in the gentle breeze. Joshua bent to pick a handful, presenting her the fragrant bouquet as an offering of peace. When she would not look at him, he turned her face up to his and saw the confusion in her eyes. “You question the truth of my words, Lynna?” With their lips only inches apart, it was an act of sheer willpower that kept him from tasting her sweet nectar. 
He was certain beyond a shadow of doubt that if given half a chance he could make her remember him, and was sorely tested now each time he was near her. And each time it grew harder for him to leave. How much longer could his body smolder before it burst into flames? The only solution to the problem was to put some distance between them until she could decide to trust him.
“I…I’m not sure what I believe. I need time to think and sort out my feelings. You must try to understand how confusing this all is to me.” Her eyes swam with unshed tears and pleaded with him for understanding.
“I do, and you will have the time you need.” Joshua made a spur of the moment decision. “I am returning to the camp with my men.”
Lynna looked at him, her pulse quickening for some strange reason. “Will you come back?”
Her response filled him with a small glimmer of hope. “Yes, I will be back.” Then he planted a tender kiss on her lips before she could voice an objection. “I will not leave this island without you, Lynna.” His tone left no doubt that his words were true as she watched him until his tall shadow blended with the trees.
	
Three days later, she awoke again to find him watching her. “Don’t you have anything better to do with your time?” She was furious that he came and went as he pleased. “And you really should learn to knock.”
“Than watch you sleep?” Joshua shook his head, having found it impossible to stay away. “Since I was denied the pleasure for so long, I cannot imagine a more agreeable past time. I find watching you in the flesh far greater than imagining you in my dreams.”
Why did she have such a strong desire, an almost overwhelming desire, to slide over and hold back the covers for him to join her? Her blushing cheeks betrayed her and Joshua needed no more encouragement. Moving toward her slowly, their eyes locked, so close they could almost touch. When she felt his warm breath near her lips, she panicked. “I cannot allow this to happen and betray my husband’s memory. Even though I have no memory of him, there must have been love between us or I would not have married him.” It was entirely possible he had survived the shipwreck unharmed, just as Rob and she had. She put her hands out to stop Joshua’s progress, which he easily brushed away with a steely glint in his emerald eyes.
“Don’t fight me, Lynna. My patience has worn thin and I will have for myself what you so eagerly give to your Rob. I cannot bear this torture another day.” The past few days had been especially difficult for Joshua and he had found sleep impossible. He hadn’t meant to mention the other man, yet he could not rid his mind of him. The thought of them together, making love, burned his mind like a branding iron and he was immediately possessed by a blinding rage. With a rending tear, he ripped the sarong from her shoulders, drawing in a ragged breath at the sight of her naked loveliness. He prayed she would come to him willingly, without a fight.
But she did not. Instead she clawed at his neck, leaving four bloody trails. Taking her hands in one of his, he held them above her head as the blood from the wounds she had inflicted dripped down onto her neck and chest, smearing over her skin as his lips left their path. Lynna fought the passion rising in her. With all her strength she fought it. She would never succumb to his lust. She remembered the spear hidden under her bed, but it was impossible to reach with his heavy weight atop her. With no other weapon available she sank her teeth deep into his shoulder, causing him to pull away so fast he almost took her teeth with him.
“Does Rob have to fight you every time he takes you? Is that how you like it? Or do you go willingly to his bed?” He hated her for the pain she was causing him. No, he knew that was a lie meant to justify his depraved actions. He could never hate her. Glancing down into her tear-stained visage, Joshua’s heart melted and he realized that if the only way he could have her was by force, he didn’t want her. Overwhelmed with tenderness for her, his lips descended and he drank of her sweet mouth one last time before rising to leave the cave without a word.
Turning her face to the wall, Lynna was in the midst of a good cry when Rob entered the cave. “Buttercup, who is all dem mens out yonder?” 
At the sound of his voice Lynna wrapped the spread around her and flew into his welcoming arms. She heard his sharp intake of breath and then felt his huge body tremble with unsuppressed rage as he glared at the blood smeared across her neck and chest. “Who done dis ta you?” 
She was afraid to tell him, having no desire to see Joshua suffer. “As you can see, I am unharmed, Rob.” She tried to sound brave. “This is his blood, not mine. He faired much worse than I did.”
“Buttercup, you done give yo’self to save me from bein’ flogged, an’ long as I live, ain’t no man gwine hurt you an’ live ta brag ‘bout it.”
Leaving her helplessly clutching the canvas spread, he strode determinedly toward the beach. Rob had hoped and prayed to never see or deal with another white man as long as he lived, but he had a wrong to make right and he would see it done. Lynna quickly donned her good sarong and followed him.
Joshua and Rob were face to face when she reached the beach. Rob’s huge form towered over Joshua’s as he stood at the water’s edge, washing smears of blood from his arms and chest. “Is you da man whut done rape Buttercup?” Rob demanded with his fists clenched tightly by his sides and ready to take on the entire crew if they dared interfere.
“Did she tell you that I raped her?” Joshua asked casually, not realizing who Rob was, nor the depth of his anger.
“She ain’t gots ta tell me,” Rob snarled. “I done seed de blood on her. You gwine answer me?”
It was slowly dawning on Joshua just how angry this giant black man was. “No, I certainly wouldn’t describe our encounter as rape.”
“What evah you calls it I aims ta kill you fo’ it!” Rob warned, just before his meaty fist connected with Joshua’s jaw, sending him sprawling backward into the sand. Joshua tried to stand, but Rob kicked him viciously under the chin, snapping his head back with enough force to break his neck. Rob lunged again, but Joshua grabbed his legs, toppling him and bringing the huge man down. They exchanged blow for blow rolling in the sand until Rob won the advantage when he landed on top of Joshua with his hands going around his neck to squeeze. Joshua clawed at the massive hands to no avail as blackness rapidly closed around him and his life flashed before his eyes.
“Rob, stop!” The scream was torn from Lynna’s throat as she raced toward them. “Stop! You’ll kill him!”
“He need ta die fo’ whut he done ta you!” Rob raged.
Lynna made to throw herself on Rob’s back at the same time as Rob drew back his fist to pummel Joshua. Rob’s fist caught Lynna below her left eye, knocking her out cold.
  Joshua’s men, hearing Lynna’s scream, came running and it took four of the stoutest to subdue Rob and tie him to a coconut tree. Two of those men would be incapacitated for days. “You need me to get the cat-o-nine-tails, Captain?”
 “Yes, get it.” Joshua gasped, his throat burning as though it was on fire. He hoped to intimidate the goliath who’d almost sent him to an early grave and keep him still long enough to find out who he was.
  Seconds later Lynna opened her eyes to see Joshua kneeling over her. “Lynna, are you unharmed, my love?”
 “I’s sorry, Buttercup. I sho’ nuff is sorry,” Rob muttered, struggling ferociously against the ropes that bound him.
  “Nonsense, Rob, it was an accident,” she replied, still dazed. “I should have made my presence known. I know you would never intentionally harm me or anyone else.”
 “Here’s that whip, Captain,” the eager crewman grinned.
  Whip? At that moment, the fact that Rob was tied to a tree with his back exposed sank into Lynna’s spinning head. She leapt to her feet, forcefully shoving Joshua aside and rushing to Rob’s side. “Untie him this second! Bring me your knife, Joshua! If you inflict one lash on this man, I swear I will murder you all while you sleep!”
Moving to take the distraught girl in his arms, Joshua held her against his chest until she stilled. “Calm yourself, Lynna,” he said as gently as possible. “I will untie him if he gives his word not to try to kill me again.” He had never seen her so angry or distressed prior to this moment. Her slight figure trembled with rage. Joshua turned to Sam and ordered him to gather six of his most able bodied seaman close before he saw the behemoth untied.
That voice! Lynna knew that voice! Words and voices and faces seemed to scramble around in her head before it finally cleared. It was Joshua! Dear God! 
With a cry of delight she raced toward an astonished Joshua and leapt into his arms, finding his lips for a long, smoldering kiss that didn’t end until Sam began coughing to gain their attention. “Oh, my darling, Joshua,” she whispered, lowering her lips to his again. “It really is you! I remember now. I remember everything.”
“It’s about damn time.” Joshua grinned, twirling her in his arms. “I feared I would be forced to resort to kidnapping you off this island.” Then he nudged his head toward Rob. “Who’s the goliath?”
“This is Rob, of course.” She grinned at his shocked expression. “I would not be alive now if he hadn’t taken such good care of me. I owe him my life, Joshua.”
“Then I am forever in your debt, sir.” Joshua looked at Rob as his mouth gaped open, marveling at his own stupidity. “Rob?” He had been a fool to jump to such hair-brained conclusions without first finding out the details. 
Rob’s serious tone brought him back to the present. “I knows no black man ain’t ‘pose to threat no white man. But out heah on dis island, dey ain’t no law to speak of an’ Buttercup done said we was equal’, so I’s tellin’ you now. If’n you or any otha man touch her agin, an’ she ain’t want you to, I rip you ‘part wit’ my bare hands.”
No man there doubted the sincerity in his words as he disappeared into the forest.
	
Lynna and Joshua were eating breakfast when Rob entered the cave two days later. Standing to shake his hand, Joshua said, “My ship is ready to sail with the morning tide, Rob. Are you sure we cannot persuade you to join us?”
“Naw sir, I’s stayin’ heah. Dey’s huntin’ fo’ me back in Jawga. Heah I ain’t got no boss an’ nobody standin’ ovah me wit’ a whip.”
 “Nobody would stand over you with a whip at Sea Grove. You would have my word on that,” Joshua assured him. “You would have your own cabin and live life as leisurely as you pleased.”
“Please, Rob. Come home with us,” Lynna pleaded.
 “I’s happy heah, Buttercup.” Rob shook his head sadly at the thought of being alone on the island. “Fo’ de firs’ time in my life.”
“I understand Rob,” Lynna replied softly, moving toward the big man and hugging him in a warm embrace. Then she turned to Joshua. “Could we come back to the island next year for a visit? Perhaps by then he will have changed his mind and be willing to return home with us.”
“Of course we can. We will return periodically and bring you supplies, Rob.” Joshua extended his hand to the huge man. “I owe you a debt of gratitude, my friend. One that I will never be able to repay. If you hadn’t thrown Lynna over the side of that pirate ship, odds are great that both of you would have perished along with the others. And if you hadn’t been with her here on the island...” 
He could only shake his head, refusing to give thought to  the horrible possibilities. “Thank you again.” Then he turned to Lynna with a beaming countenance. “We set sail for Jamaica to bring Crystal onboard, and then to Magnolia House for Judith, so you can instruct her to begin designing her most magnificent wedding gown to date, and then to Sea Grove, your new home.” Joshua held out his hand to her. “Come, my love, the Windjammer awaits.”


Chapter 23



Lynna found it impossible to sit still. “Aunt Judith, this is absolutely your most stunning and fabulous creation ever,” she marveled, twirling in front of the cheval glass. 
“I am so pleased you approve, my darling,” Judith smiled radiantly. “However it required so many weeks to complete. Are you sure it was worth it?”
“It was worth every second of the delay. And I’m sorry I was growing so impatient, it’s just that I am so eager to become Joshua’s wife.”
“I realize how anxious you are, my dear. And in less than one hour your dreams will at long last become reality.”
  The wedding gown was a magnificent work of art. Off the shoulder creamy organza with row upon row of lacy ruffles cascading over the full, flowing skirt and hand sewn beading, causing the gown to glitter. Her tulle veil fell over her face, and a long train, attached to the skirt, trailed behind her.

Miles away at Magnolia House, Suzanne clutched a voodoo doll that had been made to the likeness of Lynna. She fell back on her bed laughing maniacally as a malicious smile curved her lips. Enjoy this day of happiness, Lynna, for it will be your last.


Lynna stood at the top of the mahogany staircase at Sea Grove with their family and friends gathered below. She hoped Joshua admired the gown as much as she did and considered her to be as beautiful as she felt in it. She heard the music begin downstairs and knew that was her cue. Lifting the skirt of her wedding gown, she slowly descended the stairs as the soft strains of a pianoforte filled the air. Many gasps, sighs, and whispers were heard as she reached the bottom of the stairs and slowly came into view. 
Peering into the ballroom she saw Joshua watching her with eager anticipation with a wide grin splitting his handsome features. She saw her Aunt Judith in widow’s weeds. Her uncle had met with an early demise in a drunken brawl in one of the taverns he frequented, shortly after their return. 
Judith smiled a secretive smile, noticing the slight rounding to Lynna’s stomach. Just yesterday she had altered her wedding gown again.
  Lynna smiled at Aunt Gypsie, Aunt Bertie, and Uncle Cliff, who returned her smile with tears of joy. She noticed Joshua’s parents and sister gazing at her with loving eyes, next to a beaming Samuel and Beth. Everyone she loved was in attendance, except her beloved father. But she could not allow herself to think about that now and spoil her wedding day. Instead she drew a deep, cleansing breath, held her body erect, and continued down the aisle toward the man she would love until the day she drew her final breath. And he was so handsome in his wedding raiment. 
At last she stood in front of the pastor and Joshua took her hand.
“Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today...” 
Lynna barely registered his solemn words as she gazed into Joshua’s sparkling emerald eyes. She tried to concentrate on the pastor’s voice as he intoned, “If there is anyone here who objects to the joining of Lynna Makensie Mathison and Joshua Daniel Jordan, let him speak now or forevermore hold his peace.”
“I object!” came a loud voice from the entrance. “And her name is Lynna Makensie Rhodes!”
Lynna gasped as a hush fell over the waiting crowd. Could it be? At the sound of the familiar voice she turned toward the door. “Father!” she cried, as her suddenly trembling legs threatened to give way beneath her. Leaving a grinning Joshua at the altar, she rushed down the aisle to launch herself into her father’s outstretched arms. “Oh, Father! Father! Is it really you? Where have you been? What took you so long? I have so much to tell you! Oh, Father, you have made me the happiest bride on earth!”
“My own darling daughter is about to be wed. I would not have missed it for the world.” Nathan Rhodes struggled to maintain his composure as he held his daughter close. “Here, my child. Let me look at you.”
Thank God, Joshua thought, breathing a sigh of relief. He had instructed Judith to stall the completion of the wedding gown to allow enough time for Sam to deliver Nathan, hogtied if necessary. 
After several minutes of holding his cherished daughter in his arms, Nathan brushed a betraying tear from his cheek, cleared his throat and said, “As the father of the bride, I have but one objection. I was not permitted to give my daughter away. I would but request that the wedding be started again from the beginning so I may have the honor of escorting my beautiful daughter down the aisle.”
“Of course, Father,” Lynna laughed and cried at the same time as she walked with her father to the bottom of the stairs to begin the wedding march again. “But, father, why didn’t you write me? I have been so worried about you. It has been so long since you sent me away. And why didn’t you send funds as you promised?”
“Why did I not send funds?” he blustered. “Why you were given a monthly allowance that should have kept both you and my sister living like queens. What is the meaning of this? Are you telling me you did not receive your monthly allotment? Who had access to your aunt’s account?”
All of a sudden, Lynna knew the answer to the puzzle. “Tobias. I should have thought of him sooner. One of his distant relatives owns the bank.”
Nathan held his daughter as though he would never let her go. “Each and every day was torture for me, Lynna. However I simply could not risk corresponding with you, my darling. I refused to leave a paper trail leading the villains straightaway to you. Nevertheless, when I received the missive from Joshua stating that you were to be wed, I had to come. I could not miss the wedding of my most beloved. And now that I am here, I find I enjoy having my feet planted in Georgia soil again and just might decide to remain for a while.”
“I have something to tell you, Father, that might help with your decision.” Patting her stomach, Lynna blushed prettily as she whispered in her father’s ear. 
Nathan’s fists clenched at his sides and he gave his soon to be son-in-law a quelling glance before relaxing and taking a deep breath. What was done was done, and his daughter had never looked happier. According to Sam, Joshua had proven his love for Lynna many times over.
Placing his daughter’s hand in the crook of his arm, Nathan walked her down the aisle and handed her over to Joshua with a broad grin. “Again, I implore you, Captain Jordan. Guard my most treasured procession well.”
“With my life, Mr. Rhodes,” Joshua promised. “With my very life.”

The End
   

Continue reading for a sample chapter of Book Two in the 
Tropical Paradise Series, 
Lynna’s Beau



Chapter 1  
Charleston, South Carolina  
Mid September, 1854



Lynna Jordan pinched the bridge of her nose and nibbled her full lower lip, concern etching her delicately arched brow. The way she saw it, she had good cause for her disquietude. Hadn’t heartache been a constant companion since leaving her home in France to begin a new life in America almost five years ago? Hadn’t all her dreams and best laid plans over the years somehow gone horribly awry? Now, at long last, she was happy. Truly, ecstatically, over the moon happy. What concerned her was… would it last? Or would the bottom slide out from under her feet like ocean sand, as it always had in the past?
Her husband’s silky smooth voice snatched her from the worrisome reverie. “Not that I have ever been intimate with a lady in your delicate condition prior to now,” Joshua whispered for her ears only, “but, I must confess that you are most becoming for someone blossoming with impending motherhood.” He was bending over her as Lynna sat ramrod stiff in an overstuffed wing chair unraveling a pillow’s delicate fringe with nervous fingers. Taking the pillow he placed it on a chair safely out of her reach. 
“Mother has a particular fondness for this pillow, especially since her own mother passed it down shortly before her death. Let’s not destroy it,” he teased, reaching to brush a stray wisp of hair behind her ear. “Would you care to discuss what is troubling you, my love?”
Lynna knew he would chide her for getting so worked up over an unwarranted fear, so deciding to ignore the question she focused on his compliment. “Thank you, my darling.” She marveled that her heart still fluttered and her stomach did somersaults whenever his whispered breath caressed her ear. 
Forcing herself to relax and quit borrowing trouble she gazed up into gorgeous green eyes that were the color of the sea. “I needed to hear that, since I was just contemplating the fact that I don’t feel very… becoming… as of late. To be honest, I feel more like a ponderous cow.”
“Should you care to accompany me upstairs, I would be more than happy to start at your forehead and kiss every square inch of your delectable body, lingering on the more delicious parts until you plead for mercy.”
“Joshua,” his sister Malinda interrupted their tete a tete, knowing full well if her brother and his wife went upstairs she wouldn’t see them again for hours, “You didn’t forget to accept our invitation to Samuel and Beth’s annual Harvest Ball, did you? Why, all our friends will be there and Lynna and I had the final fittings on the most divine ball gowns you ever laid your eyes upon just this morning.”
Hesitating, Joshua stood and sauntered across the Aubusson rug to stand in front of the fireplace, taking his own sweet time lighting a cheroot before casting an uneasy glance toward his wife. “I sent our regrets. Unfortunately, we won’t be attending the Ball this year. Due to past circumstances, to be honest, I’m rather surprised you would even suggest it.”
“Nonsense,” Lynna insisted, ignoring her husband’s determined glare. “Of course we will be attending. Why, Samuel and Beth are our dearest friends. I know exactly what you are thinking, Joshua Jordan, and I will not allow Suzanne Fletcher to spoil what is surely to be the most exciting social event of the season. Why, Malinda is absolutely correct. Practically everyone in the entire county will be at Cedar Hill.”
“Why wouldn’t we attend?” Malinda queried. “Even Suzanne wouldn’t have the audacity to make an appearance this year after... I mean surely she would not dare.” Malinda’s mother had taught her that every single person had been born with at least a smidgeon of good will. Sometimes you just had to conduct an extensive search to find it. Sadly, when dealing with Suzanne, it was oftentimes buried so deep you would need mining equipment to locate it. “Surely the odious girl has some small measure of pride.”
“Suzanne? Pride! Since when?” Joshua threw his hands up and peered at her askance. “You know better than that, Malinda. Unfortunately, I cannot think of a single thing that would be beneath Suzanne’s audacity. And as for pride, as everyone in this room can attest it is totally nonexistent where she is concerned.” He gazed into the leaping flames that had been ignited to ward off the evening chill, as if contemplating a matter of great importance. 
Unable to reach a decision that wouldn’t leave both females in the room pouting and giving him the cold shoulder for weeks to come, he absentmindedly reached into his pocket and pulled out a round wooden cylindrical spool with a string attached to the center. 
As Lynna and Malinda watched he inserted a loop knot over his middle finger and tossed the thing downward. When the end of the string was reached, it magically wound back up toward his hand and he caught it. 
“What is that?” Lynna couldn’t tug her eyes away from the unique item.
“Why, I have never seen anything like it in all my life.” Malinda laughed as her brother continued to toss and catch the toy.
“What? Oh, this?” Joshua tossed the object toward the floor and it wound back up to his hand each time. “This is a bandalore.”
“A bandalore?” Lynna repeated. “Where on earth did you get it?”
“A man in England sold it to me one morning on the docks as the Windjammer was being loaded. I had been watching him play with it for some time and he asked if I would care to try it. Of course, being rather intrigued by the thing, I accepted his offer. He was of Filipino origin and informed me that in his country it was called a ‘come come’ or ‘yo yo’.” Joshua continued tossing and grabbing the bandalore as if it were great fun. “I find it to be a remarkable stress reliever.”
“I may need to borrow it before this day is over,” Malinda mumbled, not even attempting to hide her misery. “Joshua, please won’t you reconsider?”
His decision made, Joshua shook his head. “No, Malinda. Even though it pains me to be the cause of your distress, I cannot subject Lynna to Suzanne’s caustic remarks, especially in her condition. So, I’m afraid the matter is settled. We will not be attending this year.” Giving his sister a pointed glance, he added, “There is always next year.”
Lynna twisted a lacy handkerchief anxiously in her lap. Malinda was fast approaching marriageable age and the Harvest Ball would be her best chance to find a prospective suitor. The dear girl would be devastated if they didn’t attend. Lynna could not allow that to happen. Not because of her husband being entirely too overprotective. “Joshua, darling, I agree with Malinda. Even if Suzanne insisted on attending the ball, I’m not sure Silas and Mary would agree to it… all things considered. Surely she would not dare make an appearance.”
“Not make an appearance? At her own brother’s ball?” Removing the string from his finger Joshua dropped the bandalore on the mantle and taking his wife’s hands gently pulled her to her feet. “Lynna, as we all know, Silas Fletcher is incapable of denying his precious daughter anything.” He paused to briefly touch his soft lips to hers. “You should know this better than anyone. Suzanne has, and always will have, anything and everything she desires just for the asking. If she chooses to attend her brother’s ball, she will be delivered to Charleston posthaste with no questions asked by her parents.”
“You are wrong on one point, Joshua.” Lynna tugged his head down to hers for a soft kiss that left them both yearning for more. “She did not get you.”
Joshua gathered his enchanting wife in his arms and inhaled the lilac fragrance of her hair, which never failed to soothe him. “True, my love. That is because my heart was already stolen by a blue eyed seductress who will soon give birth to my child, and I will not allow Suzanne or anyone else to cause you undue stress.”
Malinda released a long suffering sigh and cast a pitiful glance toward Lynna knowing she was her one and only hope of changing her resolute brother’s mind. 
Standing on tiptoe to peer over her husband’s broad shoulder, Lynna sent her a sly wink and a secretive smile. Malinda relaxed in her chair, the tension seeming to flow from her body. She felt safe in the knowledge that Lynna had Joshua well under her control and was one hundred percent certain that if anyone could change his stubborn mind, she could.

Hours later moonlight filtered through the lacy curtains casting a golden hue over the occupants of the bed. Lynna’s baby gave one last determined kick against Joshua’s stomach before settling down for the night, as she snuggled back against the heat radiating from her husband and sought a comfortable position. Again her mind refused to shut down as the nagging worry that her bubble of happiness could shatter at any moment swirled around in her head. Enough of that! She was married to the man of her dreams, or as Jasmine would say, “de bes’ lookin’ thang God done evah strung a gut through,” and she would soon deliver his child. No woman could ask for more. 
Lynna smiled to herself remembering the head housekeeper from Magnolia House where she had spent a good portion of her youth. Jasmine could always lift her spirits, even during the lowest of times. And there had been many during the years she had lived under her abusive uncle Tobias Mathison’s roof. Sent from her home in France, due to the ever-present threat of kidnappers, she had arrived on her Aunt Judith’s doorstep to live in a small cottage behind the grand plantation Magnolia House. 
Suzanne, the daughter of the wealthy plantation owner, had fast become her best friend. She had also become the source of her deepest hurt and betrayal. But that was past history. Lynna scooted her swollen body deeper against her husband’s midsection. “Joshua, darling, would you consider changing your mind about the Ball?”
“No, Lynna.”
“But Joshua, you are being completely unreasonable. What harm could it do? For crying out loud, Suzanne is not going to attack me. Even if she tried,” she squeezed his arm to soften her words, “you are never more than an arms length away at any given moment.” 
“Are you saying that I smother you?” He chuckled, caressing the mound he hoped contained a daughter who would be the spitting image of her exquisite mother. “If you are, then all I can say is get used to it, my love.”
“Not at all. In fact, I love having you ever by my side. I was just saying that Suzanne is not going to cause any trouble, and even if she did I have complete confidence in your ability to protect me.”
Struggling to roll her cumbersome body over to face him, Lynna rested with her lips less than an inch from his as their breath mingled and she inhaled the heady fragrances of tobacco and wine. Slipping her hand across his finely chiseled jaw, down over his sculpted shoulders, and back up to his neck, she ran her fingers through the silky smooth texture of his inky black hair, pulling him toward her. Barely touching her moist, parted lips to his, she heard him moan deep in his throat as he slanted his head and sought her tongue. She would never get her fill of this man.
Their tongues did an intricate dance of love for several minutes, as curls of need shivered through Lynna’s limbs leaving her almost breathless with the passion she felt for him. Neither could pull away, reveling in the taste, the feel, the softness and wetness until they were both throbbing with a desire that only the other could quench. When they finally broke apart, Lynna snuggled against him as closely as her growing belly would allow and reached out her tongue to lick his lips, not wanting to break the sensual contact with him. “You do that so well, my darling.” 
Joshua’s body tingled as she flicked her sweet tongue across his lips in a stunningly erotic move. “It would seem that you have become quite the expert at kissing, love.” He sucked her bottom lip into his mouth, caressing it with his tongue and causing a fiery heat to travel from her lips to her lower anatomy with lightening speed. “Your kisses light a raging fire in my blood, Lynna. Come extinguish it for me, darling.”
God, she wanted him. 
Lynna felt a tight knot of desire burning between her thighs as Joshua helped her roll back over and tugged her naked body back against his. He lifted her leg to place it on his hip and with his tongue lavishing her shoulder, guided himself gently toward her opening. 
She didn’t want gentle. 
She felt an urgency that was not to be denied. Reaching a hand behind her to hold onto his neck, she arched and pressed back against him causing him to enter her fully, groaning with pleasure. 
She was so slick, so moist, so tight, like a lubricated glove. Breathing heavily, Joshua had to hold perfectly still for a moment to get his bearings. But Lynna was having none of that either. She pushed back on him as a low moan of ecstasy escaped her parted lips. 
Joshua knew her pleasure was about to peak as he caressed her breast, kneading her nipple and bemoaning the fact that he wasn’t in a position to caress it with his tongue. Instead, he ran his tongue along her ear, wanting his mouth on her body, anywhere. It didn’t matter where. He just needed to taste her. 
Lifting her leg, he was able to go deeper, causing her to cry out his name on a shattered breath. Lowering her leg he moved his hand to the sensitive spot between her thighs and made swirling circles on the rigid nub as she stiffened beneath his hands. With a sharp intake of breath, Lynna was unable to quiet the low moans that slipped from her lips. She pressed back against him harder and harder, burying his shaft deep inside her until her movements slowed and Joshua felt her deep contractions pulsing around him, threatening to pull every last ounce of strength from his body. She cried out with her release and continued moving slower and slower still until the last spasm had relaxed and left her limp against him, depleted. Joshua penetrated her fully one last time then clutched her hip to hold her tightly to him as a tremor of pure ecstasy rushed through him and he spilled his hot seed inside her.

Later, when their breathing had returned to normal, Joshua held her close. “Now, to finish what we were discussing before I was so pleasantly interrupted.”
“Refresh my memory, darling. Unfortunately, it seems my mind has turned to mush, for I cannot remember a single thing we were talking about just prior to our lovemaking.”
 Joshua smiled and placed a kiss on the back of her neck. “We were discussing Suzanne, and my ability to protect you from her. Rest assured, my love, that I am not in the least concerned with Suzanne physically attacking you. She values her worthless life and even she is not that dimwitted. It’s her verbal abuse that cuts to the heart. The girl has a tongue like a viper and, unfortunately, she knows your weaknesses well. You and I both know she would find a way to sink her claws into you before the night was over.” 
Joshua rested his hand on the bottom of her belly waiting for his daughter to begin her nightly calisthenics. “Suzanne is a useless blight on the face of humanity. Her very soul is poisonous and you should never be within striking distance of her, at least not while you carry my child and cannot fend for yourself. Now please, darling, can we let the matter rest?”
“Yes, Joshua.” Lynna sighed forlornly, knowing full well how her sighs affected him. Wiggling on the feather mattress, she tried to find a comfortable position, one that hopefully would prevent the baby from nestling against her bladder. “It’s just that I know Jasmine will be there,” here she daintily grunted for a little extra persuasion, “and I so wanted to talk to her about childbirth… and breastfeeding… and teething… and this awful heartburn… and diaper rash …and so many other things. I have missed her so, more than anyone else at Magnolia House. She is so knowledgeable about such things.”
 Giving one last sigh for added effect, Lynna continued with her sorrowful speech. “Since Aunt Judith is with Crystal and my father visiting Aunt Gypsie in town and I don’t have her to discuss these things with, I just wish I could talk to Jasmine.” 
Although Lynna felt a twinge of guilt for taking such unfair advantage of her devoted husband, she comforted herself with the knowledge that every word she had spoken was the absolute truth.
Joshua silently shook his head and stifled a laugh, then lifted his mouth to nuzzle his wife’s hair. The lass could play him like a fiddle. “You do not fight fair, my love.” Exhaling a defeated groan, he mumbled, “You win. But at the first whiff of trouble we return home. That is my one condition. Do you agree to it?”
“Yes, my darling,” she murmured innocently. “Of course, I agree. But whatever changed your mind?”

Malinda was barely able to control her excitement as she stepped down from the carriage in front of Cedar Hill. “I don’t know how you do it, Lynna.” She was wearing an off the shoulder gown of pink chiffon with embroidered roses and leaves entwined throughout the skirt. It was a true work of art thanks to Judith. “But I will tell you that I am forever in your debt. I just know Will Billingsley is going to ask me to dance! And I just might expire on the very spot when he does!” Happiness glittered in her eyes as she reached over to give Lynna a quick hug. “Thank you for convincing my obstinate brother to allow us to attend the Harvest Ball.”
Overhearing her comments, Joshua took his wife’s arm and gazed lovingly into her azure eyes as he ushered her up the steps and onto the verandah. “The wench knows I can deny her nothing, and she was slathering ‘woe is me’ like butter on bread last night. I am of the opinion the two of you should be woefully ashamed for taking such unfair advantage of an innocent man.”
“Since when have you ever been considered innocent, darling?” Lynna giggled.
Malinda laughed gaily, peering through the windows into the brightly lit ballroom. “Oh, don’t be such an old stick in the mud, Joshua. Listen to the music and laughter. This will be the most fun we have had in ages!”
Lynna suddenly had a pained flashback and suppressed a delicate shudder remembering the last ball she had attended at Cedar Hill. It was the night Joshua and Suzanne’s impending marriage, based on lies, had been announced and sent her fleeing to Jamaica. 
She shook her head, hoping to rid her mind of that horrible episode. It was all behind her now. That marriage had been annulled and Suzanne was, hopefully, a hundred miles away in Georgia. Joshua was hers and they would be together forever and ever.
They had made no more than a dozen steps through the doorway when Lynna’s merriment dissolved on the spot. 
Suzanne was considerably less than a hundred miles away. 
In fact, she was standing no more than a foot in front of them. 
“Well, Joshua Jordan, as I live and breathe!” Suzanne purred. “Why, I never in a million years imagined seeing you here tonight.”
Lynna felt Joshua tense beside her as he nodded his head and mumbled, “Suzanne.”
Suzanne was resplendent in a red satin ball gown, diamonds dripping from her neck, ears, and wrists and her black hair piled high on top of her head with wispy tendrils falling to frame her face. 
No! 
Wait!  
It was the red satin ball gown Lynna and her aunt Judith had stitched with their own hands. Suzanne had worn it the night her engagement to Joshua had been announced. Why, she had never once worn the same ball gown twice, and she had chosen this night to break her own fashion rule. Why?
“And would you just look who you brought with you!” Suzanne put a pale hand to her throat as if shocked out of her wits to see Lynna standing before her. “Why, Lynna, honey, after all you’ve been through lately, I was of the opinion that you would hide in your room at Sea Grove and never show your face in polite society again. I’m quite certain that is exactly what I would have done in your shoes.”
“Fortunately, your opinions are of no consequence to us, Suzanne,” Joshua gritted.
“Why on earth would you think that?” Lynna asked, confusion etched in her sky blue eyes. Suzanne was on a roll. The night could only go downhill from here.
“Well, because…” Suzanne paused as if contemplating for the very first time in her life the meaning of discretion. She didn’t care for it. “Because so much has happened to you since the night my marriage to Joshua was announced.” Then pretending the thought had only just occurred to her, she peered around the filled to capacity ballroom before her eyes fell on Joshua and murmured, “Why, it was in this very room that you proposed wasn’t it, darling?” 
“I never proposed to you, Suzanne!” Joshua wasted no time in correcting her, clearly appalled that she would even hint at such a preposterous notion. “I was forced into marrying you as you damn well know. Rest assured that the day I signed the annulment to dissolve my vows to you was the high point of the entire marriage. So please don’t even attempt to turn that fiasco into some type of sordid love match.”
Suzanne knew she should be livid at his harsh treatment of her, but instead found herself unable to hide the irrepressible love she felt for the handsome devil from him or anyone else in the room. “Joshua, how you do run on. No one could force a man such as yourself to do anything you didn’t want to do.” Then she gasped as she glanced down at her extravagant gown. “Well, shut my mouth if I’m not so shocked you could knock me over with a feather, but I seem to be wearing the very same dress I was wearing the night our engagement was announced. What a coincidence.” 
“Yes, imagine that.”
Suzanne’s eyes danced with pure unadulterated joy to have Joshua in her presence again after so long, and she cast upon him her most dazzling smile. “Joshua, I do declare you have gotten even more handsome than you were the last time I saw you.”
Joshua could only stare at her, marveling that the girl wasn’t locked away in an institution for the mentally incompetent. 
“I hear congratulations are in order for you and your new um…” Suzanne paused as if she could not bring herself to say the word wife. Her gaze dropped to Lynna’s midsection and her eyes took on a steely glint as her lips curved into a malicious smile. “I have heard so many tales over the last few months and they were so… scandalous… that they simply cannot be true. Why, some of your escapades put little ole me and my minor… indiscretions to shame.”
“Suzanne,” Joshua hissed through clenched teeth, “by minor indiscretions, are you perhaps referring to the fact that you blatantly lied to me about being with child so I would marry you? Or were you perhaps alluding to the numerous men you bedded in a determined effort to accomplish the deed when you saw that I would never be a willing participant?”
 Completely ignoring Joshua, Suzanne continued undaunted, “Why, I heard that you could have possibly arrived at your current predicament,” here she paused to motion toward Lynna’s growing belly with a flick of her wrist, “while you were on the island with that dreadful runaway slave man.” Raising her voice a notch to assure that she had the ear of everyone nearby, she purred, “Lynna, bless your little heart, honey. But, in all honesty, do you have any idea at all who fathered your bastard?”
Malinda’s sharp intake of breath, combined with the gasps of the innocent bystanders milling around them, echoed around the room drawing the attention of practically every partygoer. Joshua’s vision clouded with rage as his hands unwittingly reached toward Suzanne’s throat. Lynna immediately moved to still her husband’s hands and prevent a scene that the attendees of the Ball would likely never forget, nor stop gossiping about. 
Using every ounce of reserve strength Lynna could muster, she forced herself to appear calm and totally unflustered by Suzanne’s callous remark. “Yes, Suzanne, as a matter of fact I do.” She knew from years of experience that the best way to deal with Suzanne was to not linger overlong in her presence. “Joshua is the father of my unborn child, without doubt, and we could not be happier. Neither of us question my child’s paternity so you shouldn’t let it bother you overmuch.” When no reply was forthcoming, she added, “Now, if you will excuse me there are some things I have been just dying to discuss with Jasmine.”
Lynna and Malinda sailed past Suzanne with pasted on smiles, ignoring her victorious smirk, but not so for Joshua. His blood boiled as he leaned toward her, his nose mere inches from her own and ground out, “I loathe you, Suzanne. Therefore, please dispense with your ridiculous flirtations and simpering ways. You are wasting your time, I assure you. Believe me when I say that I wouldn’t touch you again if you were the only female on earth. Now, not that I give a tinker’s damn, but nonetheless forgive me for being so blunt when I say that every single thing about you disgusts me.” 
The snarl of rage that escaped Suzanne’s lips gave even Joshua a moments pause. 
“Suzanne, heed this warning and heed it well. Stay out of our lives or your doting family just may find you at the bottom of a ravine somewhere. I will kill you, with great pleasure, before I allow you to hurt Lynna again.”
Suzanne seethed, absolute fury settling over her as she watched Joshua, her husband, hurry to his imposter wife’s side and slip his arm around her burgeoning waist. 
Lynna! 
What about the pain and humiliation I have suffered you arrogant bastard? 
His words echoed in her head as she sought a man… any man… who could make her forget Joshua Jordan if only for a few hours. 
Annulment? 
Rubbish! 
They were married in the eyes of God and Joshua would be her husband, her husband, as long as he lived!

An hour later, the music swelled as Joshua took his wife in his arms and carefully steered her toward the dance floor where she moved with effortless grace. “Smile, darling. Do not give that ne’er-do-well the satisfaction of knowing how much her despicable words have upset you.”
“Please Joshua, do not say I told you so.”
“Never, my love. But the last thing we want is to give Suzanne cause to celebrate. Therefore, paste a smile on your lovely face and prove to her how thrilled you are to be dancing with the most handsome man in the room.”
Lynna couldn’t help the smile that caused her blue eyes to sparkle as she stood on tiptoe to brush a soft kiss along her husband’s firm jaw. “And you are always so humble, my darling.”
“It is a gift, my love. Now, let us try to dance one very slow and sedate dance before Jasmine pokes her head through the door and catches us, after she told you to stay off your feet.” As he held her close, Lynna felt the laughter rumbling in his chest. “If she does, let me warn you ahead of time that I am running and you are on your own.”
“You are incorrigible!” She giggled swatting at his chest.
Joshua caught her hand to place a gentle kiss on her knuckles. “And you put every other female in the room to shame.”
“You just lost all credibility with that statement, Joshua Jordan. I am the size of a baby elephant and you well know it.” Lynna’s tinkling laughter caused several heads to turn their way and raked down Suzanne’s spine like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Suzanne was headed out the door with her man of the hour, but glanced over her shoulder to see Joshua holding Lynna as if she were the rarest of precious jewels. As she settled a venomous look on both of them, Joshua bent down to place a loving kiss on Lynna’s perfectly arched brow. 
Suzanne turned her head unable to witness another moment of the nauseating scene. Why wasn’t the bitch off crying in a corner somewhere? “Lesson learned,” she mumbled to herself. “I will simply be forced to put forth a little more effort the next time I plan to…  hurt her.”


Thank you so much for reading

Lynna’s Rogue.

Lynna’s Beau 

Lynna’s Promise  

Lynna’s Destiny  

A Pirate to Treasure 

and

Clara’s Song 

are also available now.

I truly enjoy hearing from my readers. You can contact me at

kittymargo@hotmail.com

or follow me on

https://twitter.com/kittymargo
http://instagram.com/kittymargo

or visit my website at www.kittymargo.com and add your name to the mailing list to be alerted when my next book is published.


If you enjoyed this book I would greatly appreciate a review on Amazon, or wherever you purchased this book, to spread the word.


Happy Reading!

Dedicated to
My beta readers. I could not have done it
without you.

Patty Hanson, the first person to read the rough 
draft of Lynna’s Beau. Thank you for the 
invaluable time and energy you dedicated
to this book.

Nancy Campbell, for eyes that spot typos quicker than a radar, and for some extremely helpful suggestions. 

Teri Lovo, BFF

Brandy Surrett and Pat Surrett, for your love 
of  reading and your encouragement 
every step of the way.

Ashley Burleson and Erica Frick for your boundless 
enthusiasm. Marie Dennis and Lorie Thompson, 
with me since the first book was published.

Megan Hinson for your expertise and your willingness
 to answer any and all computer questions, especially 
when I was banging my head, trying to 
embed a font .

and

Malinda Barrett, sister extraordinaire.























