

The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the authors.
 
 

First Kiss
Copyright © 2013 by Sara Burke, Jane Charles, Claudia Dain, Catherine Gayle, Rose Gordon, Samantha Grace, Julie Johnstone, Jerrica Knight-Catania, Erin Knightley, Sue London, Deb Marlowe, Delilah Marvelle, Ava Stone, and Sara Wampler, all rights reserved.
Cover Design by Lily Smith
Smashwords Edition

Includes excerpts from the following, reprinted by permission:

HER WICKED WAYS
Copyright © 2012 by Darcy Burke, all rights reserved.

A RELUCTANT RAKE
Copyright © 2013 by Jane Charles, all rights reserved.

MUCH ADO ABOUT DUTTON
Copyright © 2013 by Claudia Dain, all rights reserved.

THE DEVIL TO PAY
Copyright © 2013 by Catherine Gayle, all rights reserved.

THE OFFICER AND THE BOSTONER
Copyright © 2013 by C. Rose Gordon, all rights reserved.

TWICE UPON A TIME
Copyright © 2011 by Samantha Grace, all rights reserved.

WHAT A ROGUE WANTS
Copyright © 2013 by Julie Johnstone, all rights reserved.

MORE THAN A GOVERNESS
Copyright © 2009 by Jerrica Knight-Catania, all rights reserved.

RUINED BY A RAKE
Copyright © 2013 by Erin Knightley, all rights reserved.

ATHENA’S ORDEAL
Copyright © 2013 by Graythorn Publishing, all rights reserved.

THE LOVE LIST
Copyright © 2013 by Deb Marlowe, all rights reserved.

LADY OF PLEASURE
Copyright © 2013 by Delilah Marvelle
Delilah Marvelle Productions, LLC, all rights reserved.

HEIRESS WITHOUT A CAUSE
Copyright © 2012 by Sara Wampler, all rights reserved.

A SCANDALOUS PURSUIT
Copyright © 2011 by Ava Stone, all rights reserved.

 
 
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form by any electronic or mechanical means—except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews—without written permission.
About this Book

Fourteen bestselling and award winning historical romance authors have come together with an excerpt collection just for you.

Inside, you’ll find scenes leading up to that glorious moment of the first kiss—or, in a few instances, the almost first kiss.

We hope you are swept away in the romance of the First Kiss.

Table of Contents

First Kiss excerpt from HER WICKED WAYS by Darcy Burke
First Kiss excerpt from A RELUCTANT RAKE by Jane Charles
First Kiss excerpt from MUCH ADO ABOUT DUTTON by Claudia Dain
First Kiss excerpt from THE DEVIL TO PAY by Catherine Gayle
First Kiss excerpt from THE OFFICER AND THE BOSTONER by Rose Gordon
First Kiss excerpt from TWICE UPON A TIME by Samantha Grace
First Kiss excerpt from WHAT A ROGUE WANTS by Julie Johnstone
First Kiss excerpt from MORE THAN A GOVERNESS by Jerrica Knight-Catania
First Kiss excerpt from RUINED BY A RAKE by Erin Knightley
First Kiss excerpt from ATHENA’S ORDEAL by Sue London
First Kiss excerpt from THE LOVE LIST by Deb Marlowe
First Kiss excerpt from LADY OF PLEASURE by Delilah Marvelle
First Kiss excerpt from HEIRESS WITHOUT A CAUSE by Sara Ramsey
First Kiss excerpt from A SCANDALOUS PURSUIT by Ava Stone


She was his savior
Banished from London for her reckless behavior, Lady Miranda Sinclair is robbed by a dashing highwayman en route to the country. By offering him a kiss in lieu of the jewels she had to leave behind, she commits the very type of act that caused her exile. When her dour guardians extend her punishment to performing charitable work at the local orphanage, she’s further tempted by the home’s owner, a provincial gentleman who stirs her passion in a most wicked way.

He was her downfall
Desperate to save his orphanage from financial catastrophe, Montgomery "Fox" Foxcroft leads a double life as a highwayman. The arrival of wealthy, well-connected Miranda, whose kiss he can’t forget, presents a lawful opportunity to increase his coffers. His problems seem solved—until she rejects his suit. Out of options and falling for the heiress, Fox must risk what principles he has left and take advantage of her wicked ways—even if it ruins them both. 

 “A bad girl heroine steals both the show and a highwayman's heart in Darcy Burke's deliciously wicked debut.” -- NYT Bestselling Author Courtney Milan
June 1816, Wiltshire

“Stand and deliver!” Montgomery Foxcroft demanded a second time as he and the other four members of his band stepped out from the trees lining the rutted and muddy road. They’d scouted the two coaches for the last quarter mile. Each had a coachman at the reins and a footman on the back. The footman on the rear coach crouched low as both vehicles rumbled to a halt.
“You there, stand away!” Fox stalked toward the second coach, training his pistol on the man’s chest. The servant stared, wide-eyed in the milky light offered by the half moon. Sweat trickled down Fox’s back as he waited for the footman to obey. An eternity seemed to pass before the man jumped from the back of the dark blue lacquered coach, his arms spread. Fox let out his pent up breath.
They hadn’t prepared for two coaches, but Fox’s steward, Robert Knott, had come up with a plan to direct the four retainers to a single location. Rob came abreast of him and shouted, “Move between the coaches, and keep yer hands where I can see them!”
Fox resisted the urge to tug his mask further down his face. The rough, black fabric covered everything but his mouth. Surely that wouldn’t be enough to spark recognition.
Hugh Carmody, landowner and retired MP, opened the door of the lead coach and thrust out his nearly bald head. “What is the meaning of this?”
Rob pointed his pistol at the man’s face and was answered with a decidedly unmasculine shriek, followed by a thud.
“Wife!” Carmody retreated.
Rob murmured the question that had been plaguing Fox since they’d sighted their quarry. “Why two coaches?”
Carmody owned just one, and it wasn’t the fancy, lacquered coach in the rear. He also didn’t employ that many footmen. Someone had to be traveling with them. Someone wealthy.
The door of the expensive coach flew open. Pale hair glistened in the moonlight as a female head poked forth and glanced down at where the step would have been if the footman had pulled it out. She raised her face, and Fox’s jaw loosened. He just managed to keep it from unhinging entirely. She was beautiful. No, that word didn’t do her justice. She was incomparable.
Her heart-shaped countenance was perfectly proportioned with delicious bow lips set above a strong chin. A delicate nose turned up at the end in a rather saucy fashion. Softly angled cheekbones were accentuated by her annoyance. Eyes of an indiscernible color tilted at the outside. His heart took a decidedly different rhythm as his body reacted to her instead of the robbery.
“Are you here to steal our money or gape?” She jumped from the coach, scattering a spray of mud as she landed in the lane. The young woman looked down at the dark spots now marring the lower skirt of her dress. He’d no notion of its construction, but the rich fabric and sparkling decoration bespoke extravagance. She raised her gaze to Fox’s once more and again, the impact of her beauty hit him like a bludgeon.
Rob coughed loudly.
Fox silently cursed his distraction. He nodded toward the first coach. “We’re here to steal his money.” He considered her gown again, the luxuriousness of her equipage, and the gold-trimmed livery worn by her retainers. “Though I’m happy to take yours as well.”
A second chit stuck her head out of the window of the fancy coach. Fox recognized the young woman’s dark hair and narrow face. “We don’t have any money!” Beatrice Carmody squealed.
Fox found that hard to believe. He motioned toward the rich girl. “This one’s got money to burn.” He tightened his grip on the pistol. What he wouldn’t give for a surplus of money. Hell, what he wouldn’t give for just enough money.
The beauty pursed her lips. “Unfortunately, I do not.”
Lying brat. He didn’t believe her declaration of poverty for a trice. She had to possess something of value—that dress for instance. Christ, would he stoop to stripping a girl of her clothing to support the orphanage? He immediately imagined her pale flesh exposed to the moonlight, her radiant blond hair sweeping her shoulders, her breasts. Dammit. His first foray into criminal behavior, and he was already a blackguard.
An enigmatic smile lit her face, thankfully interrupting his thoughts. “Instead of coin, might I offer you something else?”
He relaxed a bit, glad she’d decided to be accommodating with whatever valuables she had in the coach. Perhaps this night’s endeavor would reap a larger bounty than he’d anticipated. Feeling lighter than he had all evening, he waved Rob toward the first coach. “Get the money from the gent. I’ll take care of these two.”
Fox kept the pistol in his right hand as he moved toward the beauty, his boots squelching in the wet earth. She tried to shake the mud from her hem, clearly unaware Wiltshire dirt was a bloody, clinging nuisance. He considered offering assistance, but she raised her head and he judged such chivalry to be pointless. Her stare was direct, and she elevated her delightfully pert chin. Her regard all but dared him to come closer. And so he did.
Up close, she was even more stunning. Impossibly so. She smelled of orange and clove. Spicy. Completely feminine.
Fox wanted to knock his head against a tree. This wasn’t like him. Mentally undressing hapless females whilst he stole their valuables. He had to keep his wits about him. Rob and so many others counted on his success tonight. “What do you have for me?”
She stepped toward him until they stood a mere hand’s width apart. “I have nothing, save a kiss.”
His jaw did drop then. Brazen enchantress. He willed his brain to think of his charges. Edward needed medicine. Dora needed shoes. They all needed a secure place to live that didn’t leak.
He couldn’t believe he was going to refuse her—his body certainly didn’t agree. “I don’t need a kiss. I need money.”
She sighed, a sound of deep regret. “I told you, I have no money.”
“You’re lying. You reek of wealth.” Fox sniffed loudly to punctuate his statement and got a nose full of her alluring scent for his trouble.
“I know.” Her lips curved into a small, almost seductive smile. It stole his breath. Literally. When he finally remembered to take air, he did so quite audibly. Her mouth widened then, and her face shone like the sun on the brightest summer day.
What the hell kind of highwayman fixated on some chit like a cheap Byron impostor?
Fox reined in his wayward lust. “You must have something of value. A piece of jewelry? A quizzing glass?”
She arched a brow. “What do you take me for? A doddering dowager?”
Good God, no. Never that. If they’d been anywhere else, he would’ve laughed.
Instead, he called out to Rob, as much to distract himself from her as to determine his steward’s progress. “How are you doing over there?” He was careful to lower his voice lest Carmody determine his identity. Highway robbery shouldn’t be this bloody complicated.
“Coming along. Gent’s being quite accommodating.”
He returned his attention to the girl, disappointed she hadn’t sprouted a wart in the last few seconds. “I don’t have time to discuss the finer points of your doddering or lack thereof. Return to the carriage and retrieve whatever it is you have of value. I’d hate to have to use my pistol.”
Her gaze flicked downward. “Your pistol?”
Hell’s teeth, had she just looked at his crotch?
“You’re not even pointing it at me.”
She was quite maddeningly correct. The weapon hung from his fingers, forgotten amidst her beauty and the tormenting effect of her nearness.
Unwelcome desire charged through him despite his best efforts to keep it at bay. “Yes, my pistol. I’d prefer not to harm you, but if you do not procure your valuables immediately, I shall be forced to do so.”
A pouch splattered in the mud near their feet. Both of them looked down.
“Here!” Beatrice called from the coach. “That’s everything we have. She’s not lying to you. Her parents have exiled her to Wiltshire and gave her nothing of value as punishment. She doesn’t even have her maid.”
The beauty threw a glare at the coach.
Fox’s lips quirked beneath his mask. A spoiled Society chit then. “Pick up the pouch and put it in my cloak.” Perhaps it was foolish of him to invite her even closer, but he reasoned he couldn’t very well pick up the pouch and leave himself vulnerable.
She contemplated him, her bow-shaped lips pressing together. He still couldn’t detect the hue of her eyes, but imagined them to be the color of the sea—not blue, not green, but something just between.
With a huff, she bent and plucked the purse from the ground. She straightened and raised her right brow again. “Do you have a pocket?”
Fox held the left side of his black cloak open. “Here.”
She reached inside and fumbled for a moment. The back of her hand—she wore no gloves—grazed the front of his waistcoat. Sensation leapt from the intimate contact. He was torn between rebuttal and encouragement.
Upon locating the pocket he’d had sewn solely for the purpose of this robbery, she deposited the purse. She pulled her hand back, but he grabbed her fingers, bare against the leather of his glove. Her gaze met his, and her lips parted in silent invitation.
Later he would chastise himself for his poor judgment, but now…now he would surrender.
Fox lowered his head and put his mouth on hers. The jolt of sensation flooded him with warmth, made him forget time and place and purpose. Soft lips moved beneath his in delicious response, as if this kiss were the reason for their meeting. With his free hand, he caressed her waist, pulling her closer. Her form fit against his with astonishing precision. His senses screamed for more.
Her tongue flicked against his mouth. Her tongue?
After her behavior thus far, he shouldn’t have been surprised by her shocking display of experience. She was obviously not married, given her exile, but someone had taught her how to kiss. Someone he’d like to thrash.
Then her tongue slid into his mouth, and conscious thought evaded him completely. With a groan, he tugged her harder against his chest and wrapped his arms around her back. Her hands crept up and pulled his shoulders closer while her head angled beneath his.
He lost himself in the kiss, for once surrendering to his most primal needs, prioritizing them instead of everyone else’s. He tipped his head to stroke deeper into her mouth, unable to get enough of her. This moment was for him, and he meant to indulge.
The swell of her breasts strained against him, echoing the insistent pressure of her palms driving him nearer. He was overwhelmed by her touch, her scent, her taste. He worked his free hand up to the back of her neck, his fingers caressing her warm flesh. Like silk…
“Christ! What’re you doing out here?” Rob’s booming voice crashed into their embrace like a pistol cocked against Fox’s temple. Fox pulled away guiltily, feeling like a green lad instead of a grown man of eight and twenty.
She stared at him, her eyes wide. As if, like him, she couldn’t quite believe what had just transpired. Despite the fact she’d been the instigator.
He smiled slowly, fixated on her kiss-reddened lips. “Siren.”
She arched her brow again, and he couldn’t tell if she was an innocent girl or an accomplished seductress. Not that it mattered. He hadn’t the time for either complication.
Rob came to his side and elbowed him in the ribs.
Fox lowered his voice to barely above a whisper. “Did you get enough?”
The answering snort clearly said, Is there ever enough?
“Sorry, stupid question,” Fox muttered.
Fox turned a wary eye on the beauty. She stood stock still, her chin thrust out, whether in pride or insubordination, he didn’t know. The man foolish enough to court her was destined for agony.
He patted his cloak. “I got a bit of blunt from those two as well.” He hoped it was enough for their immediate needs. He preferred not to play the highwayman again.
Rob called, “Let’s go, lads.” He led the other two members of their motley band into the trees where their horses waited. They’d meet up at the manor and tally the profit.
Fox should have followed directly on their heels, but he couldn’t resist a final glance at the beauty who kissed too well. Her lips curved into that devastating smile, and for a brief moment, Fox pondered risking the hangman and sweeping her into his keeping. He shook the madness from his head and offered a slight wave.
She raised her hand in response. “Until next time, then?”
Fox chuckled. Incomparable. “Pray, my lady, there isn’t a next time.”
She dropped her fingers to her lips, touching them briefly before letting her arm swing down. “I shall do no such thing.”
Beatrice gasped, drawing his attention. One of the footmen was reaching toward the back of the first coach, perhaps for a weapon. Fox refused to stay to find out. With a quick turn, he dashed into the trees. Out of sight but not out of hearing.
“What in God’s name are you about, Miranda? Your father won’t be pleased to hear this!” Carmody wasted no time berating the lovely siren for her imprudent behavior.
Miranda.
After the man’s tirade faded behind him, Fox approached his horse and mounted. The evening’s tension drained from him under the pleasant memory of Miranda’s kiss.
Before setting Icarus to a walk, he retrieved the velvet purse. With a tug, the drawstring came loose and he emptied the contents into his hand. Hairpins and a couple of biscuits. Biscuits?
The tension returned, with a shock of irritation. Why hadn’t he checked the purse in the road? Fool.
Because he’d been too confounded. He cursed in self-recrimination.
He couldn’t repair a leaky roof with biscuits and hairpins, which meant he’d likely have to do this again. For all his bravado, tonight’s lawlessness hadn’t come easy. Only the desperation of his tenants and his orphans had forced his hand. For them, he’d sell his soul.


Darcy Burke wrote her first book at age 11, a happily ever after about a swan addicted to magic and the female swan who loved him, with exceedingly poor illustrations. Darcy writes hot, action-packed historical and sexy, emotional contemporary romance.

A native Oregonian, Darcy lives on the edge of wine country with her devoted husband, their two great kids, and three cats. In her “spare” time Darcy is a serial volunteer enrolled in a 12-step program where one learns to say “no,” but she keeps having to start over. She’s also a fair-weather runner, and her happy places are Disneyland and Labor Day weekend at the Gorge. Visit Darcy online at http://www.darcy-burke.com, follow her on Twitter at http://twitter.com/darcyburke, or like her Facebook page, http://www.facebook.com/darcyburkefans.


Mr. Jordan Trent, the spare, was raised to be a rake.  Not only did his father encourage his roguish life, but insisted that Jordan do nothing except enjoy the life of women, gambling and fine brandy – the life his father had wanted.  It is a life Jordan enjoyed until he realized something, or someone, very important was missing.

Miss Audrey Montgomery had been warned to avoid rakes like Jordan Trent but fell under his spell like so many ladies before her.  She should have known better and vows to protect her heart whenever he is near. If only his kisses weren’t so delicious it would be so much easier.
Miss Audrey Montgomery stifled her groan. What was he doing here? She had chosen the Peyton ball because out of all the events this evening Mr. Jordan Trent would least likely be here.   He was a confirmed bachelor, rake, rogue, and all manner of immorality, and Lord Peyton had three unwed daughters. What was Peyton thinking by inviting such a lothario into the midst of so many innocent young ladies?
Audrey knew she wouldn’t be able to avoid Trent the entire Season, but she had hoped not to see him at her very first ball.  She drew a deep breath in hopes of calming her erratic heart. Why did Trent have the power to set her pulse a flutter? He wasn’t even looking at her. Besides, she was well aware of what a despicable creature he was, yet he still had the strangest effect on her senses and she knew better than to succumb to his charms.  She had been attracted to him last Season, as had every other lady in London, but she knew better now.
A sigh escaped. He did look handsome in his dark blue double-breasted coat with tails and black trousers.  Trent stood with one hand in his pocket and when he moved she glimpsed the gold waistcoat beneath. Trent’s broad shoulders filled out the coat perfectly and she had danced with him often enough at the beginning of last Season to know he did not use padding, or have a need for it.  His dark hair was cropped short and she suspected by the waves that it would be a mass of curls if he let it grow out.  The snowy white cravat made his cobalt eyes all the bluer.  She gasped.  Why hadn’t she noticed he was looking at her, otherwise she would not be able to see his eyes?  Perhaps he was merely looking in her direction and not directly at her.
Audrey glanced around.  Nobody else was looking at him and when she turned back, he wasn’t looking at anyone else.
Oh, drat! He was looking at her.  The last thing she wanted to do was encourage that rogue, but apparently she had.  A slow, sensual smile came to his lips and that blasted dimple emerged.
Audrey closed her eyes for a moment, hoping he would disappear. When she opened them, he was walking toward her. This was the last thing she wanted or needed and she certainly hadn’t meant to encourage him.  And, why would he want to even be near her after the way she treated him last fall when he visited his brother?  Of course, he deserved every bit of her rudeness after what he had done, and more, so why was he approaching her now? 
Mr. Jordan Trent stopped before Audrey and her aunt and uncle.  His eyes focused on her after greeting the older couple and he bowed deeply before speaking.  “You look beautiful this evening, Miss Montgomery.”
Before she could respond someone bumped into her from behind and she found herself pushed into Mr. Trent. He grabbed her by both elbows to steady her and leaned forward. “Delicious as well,” he whispered.
Heat stole into her cheeks and Audrey pulled away.  Oh, he was wicked indeed.  
He held his hand out to her. “Might I see your dance card?”
Audrey forced a smile. “I am afraid they have all been claimed.”  Thank goodness. The last thing she wanted was to dance with this rake.  It was bad enough she had to stand and speak with him. Her aunt and uncle would never understand if she refused a dance.  Actually, they would if they knew the horrible truth, but that was a secret she must keep for her dear friend, Millicent, now Lady Lydell.
“A pity.”  Trent frowned as if he were disappointed but she was certain he would recover and move on to another lady to partner, one more willing than she.  “Perhaps a turn about the room?” He offered his arm.
She simply stared at it.  She did not want to touch him, let alone go anywhere with Mr. Trent.  
“Do go on, dear,” her aunt insisted.  “The musicians will not begin again for a little longer.”
“Yes, please.” Mr. Trent still had his arm out, elbow cocked, waiting for Audrey to slip her gloved hand into the crook of his arm. 
Blasted man!  Perhaps she should stroll with him so she could finally give him a piece of her mind.  “Thank you.” She smiled sweetly and nodded to her aunt and uncle before allowing Trent to lead her away.
“For a moment I thought you were going to deny me the pleasure of your company,” he muttered when they were out of earshot.
“If this were not a public venue that is exactly what I would have done.”  She nodded to acquaintances as they passed.  “I believe I made my feelings for you perfectly clear this last fall so I see no reason why you wish to be in my presence to begin with.”  She spotted Lord and Lady Lydell ahead. Millicent narrowed her eyes and she frowned at Audrey.  She would need to explain the circumstances to her friend later. Now was not the best time.  
Trent turned her toward the doors leading to the gardens before they reached the Lydells.  Audrey was about to voice an objection but thought better of it.  Out of earshot of the ton she could finally tell him exactly what she thought. The things she should have said months ago. 
As they stepped out onto the terrace a cool breeze washed over her heated skin.  Audrey hadn’t even realized how hot she had become from the dancing and being in the crowded ballroom until the coolness blanketed her.  They followed the few steps down into the garden and stopped before a fountain. There was nobody else present so she would be able to tell Trent exactly what she thought of him.  As Audrey turned to face him, she opened her mouth to speak but he swooped in, claiming her lips before a word could be uttered.  
She was too stunned to react.  He tasted of wine and cake and the heat of his mouth sent tremors through her body.  He delved and she bit back a moan.  Is this what he meant by delicious? 
Her knees grew weak and Audrey grasped his shoulders so as not to crumble. His arm snaked around her waist, pulling her close to his hard, rigid body.    
Trent pulled back for a moment. “I knew beneath your cool exterior lurked passion.”
Audrey’s eyes popped open. What was she doing? She knew better than to fall under his spell like so many others, yet with one kiss he muddled her senses.  She pushed against his chest. “Let me go.”
Trent sighed and allowed her to step away from his body.
“What were you thinking? Anyone could have come upon us.”
His grin was unrepentant.

Jane Charles has lived in the Midwest her entire life. As a child she would more likely be found outside with a baseball than a book in her hand. In fact, Jane hated reading until she was sixteen. Out of boredom on a long road trip she borrowed her older sister’s historical romance and fell in love with reading. She long ago lost count of how many fiction novels she has read over the years and her love for them never died.  Along with romance she has a passion for history and the two soon combined when she penned her first historical romance.  What turned into a hobby became a passion, which has been fully supported by her husband, three children and three cats.

Jane can be contacted at: janecharles522@gmail.com, http://www.JaneACharles.blogspot.com, or http://www.LadyScribes.blogspot.com. 

It all began in The Courtesan's Daughter and continued through the next four books of the Courtesan Chronicles. The Marquis of Dutton didn't pay the slightest bit of attention to Anne Warren until he found out that she was the daughter of a courtesan. His careless, confident, ill-considered pursuit of her began upon that lurid foundation.

Anne had been smitten by the dashing Lord Dutton from her first encounter with him. But to be pursued because her mother was a woman of the demi-monde? No. That was unacceptable. Anne was not going to make the mistakes her mother had made, each decision taking her further down the social ladder. Anne meant to improve her station, not hobble it with an amorous encounter with the nearly irresistible Lord Dutton.

Over the course of the London Season of 1802, Dutton pursued and lost Anne again and again. He became something of a drunken sot about it all, even a laughingstock. When Anne married Lord Staverton, his fall was complete. Anne married wisely, and Dutton was befuddled by it.

Two years later, in the 1804 Season, Anne is a widow and Dutton is sober. Lady Staverton and Lord Dutton, both available and both still interested, continue the seductive dance they began when she was his social inferior. She is no longer his inferior, and because of that, the tables have turned and Dutton is at her mercy.

Or perhaps Anne is at Dutton's mercy.

It all depends upon whom you ask.
The moment they were alone, truly alone, alone as they have never yet been in their entire acquaintance, was a moment of great weight. For Anne, at least. What Dutton felt she had no idea. She ought not to care. And she didn’t. Not really. But they were alone, in her house, nothing but servants, negligent ones, a room and a closed door away, the fire in the grate, the light fading and the shadows lengthening, her breath catching in her chest. 
No. Not that. Not with this man. His breath must catch. His heart must race. His blood must pulse. It was Dutton’s turn to be off step and off balance, to wonder what she wanted and if she wanted him. She was not the woman she had been. She had power now, some position in the world, and she meant to use it. 
They had both stood upon Ruan’s departure, as was only proper, and now they still stood. Dutton waited for her to seat herself. She decided that sitting was too passive; she walked to the window that fronted the street and looked out. Dutton did not accompany her. She did not know if she had wanted him to or not. 
“If you have your heart set on Ruan, you are destined to disappointment. He is all for Sophia Dalby.”
Anne kept her back to Dutton. The back of her gown had quite nice pleating and she did not think it would hurt her efforts to show it off. “I do not have my heart set on Lord Ruan.”
“Your loins, then,” he said. He had not moved. His voice had not moved. 
“My loins, Lord Dutton, do not have a mind of their own.”
She kept her back to him. She was embarrassed she had said such a common thing. She was also, almost equally, delighted. 
“Are you certain of that?” He moved toward her; his voice was closer. 
She had spent many nights pondering that voice. She had pushed thoughts of his voice from her mind when Staverton performed his marital duty upon her. She had ignored memories of his voice when she had stood at Staverton’s side on their wedding day, and every day thereafter. She had listened fractionally to that voice in her head when Staverton was laid to his eternal rest. As the months had passed since that day, Dutton’s voice, the memory of it, the seductive lure of it, had grown louder and less easily dismissed and discounted. 
Now there was no reason to dismiss it. Or him. Now, she could and would do precisely as she liked. 
Who was there to stop her? Who to disapprove? What price to pay for this dalliance with Lord Dutton? There had been much ado made of Dutton, deserved or not. Now, she was determined to do something about all that. 
“Not as certain as I should be, perhaps,” she said, turning to face him, quite well aware that the last light of the dim sun would do wonderful things for her hair. “Let’s put it to the test, shall we?”
She had the supreme satisfaction of seeing Lord Dutton’s jaw unhinge a fraction of an inch. 
She was going to have the time of her life. Dutton simply must do his part. 

This was not the Anne he remembered. Nevertheless, this Anne, any Anne, was the one he wanted. Had he always wanted her? He neither knew nor cared. He did not live a contemplative life. What motivated him hardly mattered. What he achieved, that was all that mattered. And he would achieve Anne now; now she was playing in his arena. Now, she would succumb, finally succumb. He had her precisely where he wanted her, where he had always wanted her. 
“Yes. Let’s,” he said, moving across the room toward her. She was lit from behind, her hair glowing red, her legs outlined, their shape plain to see. She had lovely legs. He wanted them wrapped around him. He wanted that now, instantly. He had wanted it forever, eternally. 
He reached her in quick, long strides, aware only of her. A swift catch of her breath. A flush of pink in her cheeks and on her neck. A widening of her eyes. Beautiful eyes, pewter green and hazel gray, neither and both, changeable, mercurial, quicksilver eyes. 
“Lord Dutton,” she said, holding a hand up, her other hand gripping the window sill behind her, “is this to be an assault?”
“Yes,” he growled, and in the next instant his mouth descended upon hers. 
She was warm and soft, open and responsive. She put a hand on his shoulder, tilted her head just so, made pleasant sounds in her throat. 
A widow twice over. She knew how to kiss, knew how to welcome a man. He knew that. He knew that and he wanted more than practiced submission and acquiescence. He wanted her raw and out of control. He wanted her naked longing and clumsy, hungry passion. Not this. Not this casual acceptance of his kiss, this polite response. 
“I’ll strip you naked, Anne,” he said against her mouth, one hand on her jaw, tilting her face up, the other hand on her hip. 
“Being naked is the entire point, is it not?” she said, smiling softly, nearly humming her pleasure. God, she could smile and hum? No. By God, no. He wanted her screaming, clawing, thrashing. Not this. Not what she had shown her husbands. He was no husband to be managed. 
“Why now? Why this, now?” he said, moving his hand forward to cup her. 
“Because now I can afford you, Lord Dutton. Afford this,” she said. 
He pulled back and studied her face. She was flushed, with pleasure, not with passion. She was content, but not satisfied. She was managing him. 
“Afford me?” he said. “You cannot afford me, Lady Staverton. I will ruin you.”
“You can try,” she said. “Please. Do try.” And she leaned up to wrap her arms around his neck and kissed his jaw, a trail of kisses that ended at his mouth.
He pillaged her, ravaging her mouth with his, hot and demanding. She met him thrust for thrust, moaning. It wanted more than that, far more. 



Claudia Welch/Claudia Dain graduated from the University of Southern California with a BA in English. While there she became a member of Alpha Phi, one of the oldest sororities in America. A two-time Rita finalist, she has won numerous writing awards and honors since her first novel was published in 2000. She has lived for most of her life in Los Angeles, called Connecticut home for a decade, and currently lives in North Carolina with her husband.

Over the years, Gabriel Devalle has more than earned his reputation as one of “those devilish Devalles.” No one is more surprised than Gabe, therefore, when a debutante tosses herself into his path, only to have her gown “accidentally” ripped by her mischievous and alluring sister, all in the name of causing a scandal. Or was it to prevent a scandal? Either way, the gown-ripping sister has certainly drawn his notice.

Miss Miranda Hunt will do anything to prevent her sister from making a mistake which would bring scandal down upon their family…even make a deal with the devil. Mr. Devalle is no angel—fallen or otherwise—but he is devilishly handsome, shamelessly wicked, and as infamous a gentleman as Miranda has ever known. He promises to circumvent her sister’s schemes…for a price. What is a proper young lady to do when she has The Devil to Pay?




With her hand clenching Mr. Devalle’s arm like it was a buoy and she was drowning, Miranda walked out onto the dance floor at his side.
Actually, walked might be too generous a sentiment. Tromped would be better suited, as her feet felt as though they’d suddenly added several inches in length and weren’t moving as they should, and her heart was still pounding so hard that it seemed as though the floor had become unsteady beneath her.
Gracious, but she wished she’d known enough in advance what Samantha had intended to do. If she had, then perhaps she could have devised a better solution for the situation. Instead, it seemed she’d only created a new problem. Worse yet, she doubted she’d actually stopped Samantha. She’d merely delayed her sister’s schemes, but for how long was anyone’s guess.
The string quartet had just completed a set. All around them, couples were taking their places for the new dance to begin. Miranda cringed when she realized they were not in lines as for a country dance, but in pairs set to waltz.
“Do you not have permission to waltz, then?” Mr. Devalle asked with far more levity than was called for.
She glared at him. “I’ve had permission for more than two Seasons. I merely didn’t intend to…” Her ability to think clearly, or at least to speak clearly, fled when his hand took her by the waist and he drew her closer, closing her other hand in his.
Good heavens. The heat in the ballroom intensified, or maybe it was just the heat surrounding Miranda. It was difficult to tell, as she was staring up at his strong, square jaw over the top of his snowy cravat. The laughing line of his lips revealed just a hint of white teeth, and even his deep blue eyes seemed to mock her. His near-black hair was cropped short in the Brutus style that was so fashionable, making it impossible to mistake his expression in the slightest. All in all, he cut an imposing figure.
He raised a thick eyebrow and angled his head slightly, his lips curling up at the corners just enough to reinforce her sense of being teased. “Didn’t intend to what?”
“I didn’t intend to get so close to you,” Miranda said on a breath, then immediately wished she hadn’t said anything at all.
What was she doing? Papa would have her head if he knew she was dancing with so scandalous a gentleman at all. But to waltz with him? And this after she’d already created a spectacle by ripping Samantha’s gown.
As the quartet began the strains of a waltz, Mr. Devalle nudged her into motion.
“Pray tell, what did you intend with all of this?” His tone was just this side of jocular, which only aggravated her nerves further.
“I intended,” she said with more heat than was necessary, “to prevent my sister from doing something she would regret. Something which would have—”
“Which would have compromised me,” he finished for her, twirling the pair of them around another couple with surprising ease.
Miranda straightened her spine. “Do pray stop mocking me, sir. My sister had every intention of trapping you, of forcing your hand.”
His features softened slightly. “I apologize. I can see you’re very earnest even if you are equally misguided.”
“Likewise I can see that you are very flippant even if you’re equally arrogant.” Oh! Where had her manners gone? She’d never insulted a man before other than her brother, and even then only on very rare occasions because she loathed herself afterward.
“You are quite a contradiction, aren’t you?” His eyes narrowed somewhat, staring at her intently as though memorizing her every feature. “You demand I ask you to dance, and yet I get a very strong sense that you don’t like me in the least.”
“I don’t dislike you.”
“Perhaps not. But you don’t like me either.”
It wasn’t a question, so she didn’t respond. If she tried to, she’d likely stumble over her words as surely as she felt close to stumbling over her own feet. He twirled her around again, moving her between the other couples with an ease which felt alien and unnatural.
“Tell me,” he said a few moments later, “have I done something in particular to cause your dislike? Or do you dislike me simply on principle?”
From the way he asked, he clearly believed the latter to be the case.
“And now you’re being obtuse,” Miranda said. Blast. She said a quick, silent prayer for her usual patience to return.
“Am I? I’d thought I was merely being observant.”
He twirled her around again, and then another time, and then they had gone out one of the open doors to the gardens. Though the music could hardly be heard any more, he continued dancing. The path beneath her feet was unsteady, but there were torches lighting the way.
She ought to go back inside. She really shouldn’t be alone with a gentleman who was so scandalous. It was bad enough that she’d danced with him, but Papa would never let her hear the end of it if he learned of this.
Mr. Devalle smiled his mischievous smile at her again. “You felt honor-bound to prevent me from being compromised by your sister. As I’ve never come close to being compromised in my life, I have to assume that you hold me in very low esteem and made the assumption that I would compromise a lady. And that means you were really trying to protect her, not me.”
Despite the haughty appearance of such an action, she felt her chin tipping upward. “Is it a crime to wish to rescue a sister from potential ruin?”
“Not in the least.”
Mr. Devalle spun her again, and before she recognized his intent, he’d led her completely off the path and into the dark recesses of the garden. She could no longer hear anything at all coming from the ballroom. That meant no one inside would be able to hear her if she needed them to. Her pulse took up a panicked gallop through her veins.
He slowed until they were no longer waltzing but still rocking in place. The hand at her waist drew her in closer until the heat of his body left her trembling in awareness and the warmth of his breath fanned over her cheek. “But you gave no thought to your own ruination, it would seem.”
Good heavens. He was going to kiss her. Miranda had never been kissed before. She’d dreamed of it, of course, but her dreams had never been of kiss from a scandalous rake who’d waltzed her out of a ball and straight to her ruin. It had always been a good, honorable gentleman who’d swept her off her feet and followed all of the proper rules of courtship, and they’d always been well and truly betrothed before he’d even attempted to steal a kiss.
Yet judging from the furious pumping of her heart and her complete and utter inability to take a decent breath, Miranda rather thought she might prefer to have her first kiss come from a rake than from a more honorable gentleman.
He leaned closer to her, and she could do nothing but stare at his lips. They were full and silken-looking, and his tongue darted out to wet them slightly.
She shivered, but realized she was leaning closer to him when she ought to be pulling away. In fact, it took every bit of restraint she possessed to refrain from pushing up on her toes and stealing the kiss she wanted.
He tightened the hand at her waist, and with his other he slid his thumb along the angles of her jaw. “Do you want me to ruin you, Miranda?” His question brushed over her lips like a caress, sinful and sweet, all at the same time.
Yes. The voice in her head said the word like a prayer, but it didn’t come from her mouth. Nothing did, aside from deep, shuddering breaths of frustration.
The corners of his lips jerked slightly downward just half a moment before he pressed both of his lips together into a thin line. He released her so suddenly she nearly fell forward from the loss.
Why hadn’t he kissed her? Had he merely been amusing himself by teasing her?
“We should return you to the ballroom before you’re missed,” he said. All hints of mirth had fled from his tone. “I’m sure your sister’s gown should be repaired soon.” He held out his arm for her to take.
Before she did so, she fought with her racing heart and shallow breathing to set them back to rights. She smoothed her hands over her gown to gain another moment, though the silk fabric hadn’t been mussed in the slightest. When finally she felt in control of her faculties once more, she took his arm gingerly, touching him as little as was possible.
He led her back to the lighted path through the gardens in silence. When they could see into the ballroom again, he looked in every direction as though checking to make certain they wouldn’t be noticed.
“Thank you for the dance,” he muttered through clenched teeth.
Then he stepped across the threshold.
As they made their way back into the throng of dancers, Miranda felt a strong urge to cry, though she fought it with every bit of fortitude she could muster. How had her attempt to stop Samantha from doing something she would regret turned into…into this enormous, muddled affair? She wished the night was at an end, because she wanted nothing more at this precise moment in time than to curl up under the coverings on her bed.
Mr. Devalle stopped when they’d come to the edge of the dance floor. He turned to her. “Thank you again, Miss Miranda.”
When he dropped into a bow, she caught sight of Samantha across the ballroom behind him. Her sister had a very determined set to her jaw, and she was making her way in their direction. She was going to attempt to entrap Mr. Devalle again, and so soon after her first failed attempt.
By Jove, Miranda was not going to allow Samantha’s plan to come to fruition, no matter what specifically her plan might be.
“I need you to promise me something,” she said urgently to Mr. Devalle as he rose from his bow. An icy look came to his eyes and he opened his mouth to speak, so she rushed on. “Whatever my sister might do, I need you to promise me that you will not allow her to trap you—”
“You want me to promise not to let her compromise me,” he drawled disdainfully.
“Yes.” She put as much sincerity into her tone as she could, never allowing her gaze to drop. “Please.”
He stared at her so long and so intensely she felt she might melt beneath his focus. “Very well,” he finally said. “But my agreement comes at a great price.”
What sort of payment might a man such as Mr. Devalle demand? But there was no time for Miranda to discover the answer to that question. Samantha had come close enough that she’d be able to hear their conversation.
Miranda nodded, though she had sincere doubt she’d like his price. “Anything,” she whispered. “But please…”
“You have my word as a gentleman,” he murmured just before Samantha reached Miranda’s side.
His word as a gentleman. But what was that worth when the gentleman in question was likely no gentleman at all?


Catherine Gayle is a bestselling author of Regency-set historical romance. She’s a transplanted Texan living in North Carolina with two extremely spoiled felines. In her spare time, she watches way too much hockey and reality TV, plans fun things to do for the Nephew Monster’s next visit, and performs experiments in the kitchen which are rarely toxic.

You can find her on the internet at http://www.catherinegayle.com or email her at catherinegayle.author@gmail.com. 

Allison Pierson is a well-to-do young lady traveling by stagecoach from her home in Boston to meet her intended in Santa Fe, but instead finds herself stranded in a military fort in the middle of Indian Territory when her stagecoach leaves without her.

Given the choice to either temporarily marry an officer until her intended can come rescue her or take her chances with the Indians, she marries the glib Captain Wes Tucker, who unbeknownst to her, grew up in a wealthy Charleston family and despises everything she represents.

But when it's time for her beau to reclaim her and for Allison and Wes to annul their marriage, will she want to go with him, and more importantly, will Wes let her?
“Shall you join me, or will I have to forfeit my turn and make us lose?” Wes asked, lifting an eyebrow.
“Will you help me?”
Wes’ eyes did a slow sweep of her body, sending tingles down her spine as they went. “I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
Allison licked her lips and allowed Wes to escort her to where the she’d have her turn to bat the ball.
Ignoring the shouts from all of the men, demanding to know what was going on, Wes picked up the bat with one hand, then used his other hand to turn her how he wanted her to stand.
Around them, the men out in the field and the ones sitting on the side started laughing; meanwhile, the officers were either so stunned their slack jaws wouldn’t allow them to form words or they were yelling at Wes to stop this foolishness and take his turn.
Wes paid them no mind and came to stand behind Allison, pressing his body firmly against hers.
She pushed the thought from her mind before she allowed herself to get too distracted and truly did cause them to lose.
“Relax,” he whispered in her ear, his lips so close she could practically feel them searing her skin. “When the ball comes toward you, you’re going to swing. Like this.” He moved their arms in the motion of swinging. “Do you think you can do that?”
As long as he was holding onto her, she could. She nodded. “But how do I know when to swing?”
“You watch the ball.”
“But what if I miss or I swing too late?”
“Shh. Stop worrying about that, I’m right here. I’ll tell you when to swing.”
“Tell me?” She craned her head around to look at him. “Aren’t you going to swing with me?”
He gave his head a simple shake. “No. I want you to get your turn to play. I’ll just tell you when to swing. All right?”
She swallowed nervously. “I don’t think I can.”
“Sure you can,” he coaxed. “No, turn like I had you—” he moved her back into proper position, his warm hands searing her skin through her shirt— “all right now, just wait until I tell you to, then swing.”
“Are you ready now, Captain?” the man with the ball called, humor evident in his voice.
“Yes, sir, Private Jackson,” Wes said in his usual calm, teasing tone, releasing his hold on Allison and taking a step back.
Private Jackson’s eyes widened when he realized Wes intended for Allison to bat unaided, then he gripped the ball in his hand, pulled it over his head and spinning forward on his right foot, brought his hand forward and released the ball.
Watching the ball sail through the air from the safe haven of her barrel seemed so easy. But now that she was standing right where it was flying, it wasn’t nearly as fun. The ball was coming closer—right at her, and she squeezed her eyes shut and held onto the bat for all it was worth. 
“Now,” Wes called.
Whoosh.
She missed.
“Strike one,” the scorekeeper yelled.
Allison’s face heated.
“It’s all right,” Wes said softly. He came up behind her and helped her find her position again. It was hard for her to pay attention, however, with his warm body pressing against the length of her backside. “You need to relax your arms. They’re too stiff.”
“Sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry, just relax a little. The ball isn’t going to hit you. I’ll be right here to pull you back if I think it’ll be too close.”
She wanted to ask how he’d known what she’d been afraid of, but decided against it. No need to draw any more attention to herself than they were already getting.
“There you go,” Wes murmured as he helped her widen her stance and covered her hands with his on the bottom of the bat. “This time, swing like this—” He swung with her, slow and deliberate giving her a feel for how she should swing the bat. Then he did it once again, faster this time. 
In front of her, Private Jackson grinned like a jackal as he tossed the ball up and down in the air, preparing to throw it, if she had to guess. 
Suddenly, Wes released her and a chill passed over her at the way she suddenly felt bereft of his touch. Or perhaps that was the increasing rain. She didn’t have much time to think about it because Private Jackson resumed his throwing stance and prepared to toss it at her.
Then he did.
It flew through the air straight at Allison.
She closed her eyes again but refused to keep them that way—opening her right one just a sliver. Not much, but enough to see the ball flying toward her faster than a horse could run. She quickly closed it back and squeezed her eyes to prepare for the hard hit she knew her face was about to receive.
“Now!” Wes shouted.
With a slight squeal, she swung the bat forward only to have either used too much muscle in her swing or thrown her balance off because it came to rest with a not-so-gentle thump on her upper arm, followed swiftly by the smack of the ball being caught by the man standing behind him.
Then, of course, came the scorekeeper’s booming voice, “Strike two.”
“Wes, get her out of the game,” yelled Lieutenant McCorkle. “You can impress her later. If we get one more strike, that’ll be three outs and we could very well lose.”
Allison winced at his words, for they hurt far more than where she’d hit herself in the arm with the end of her bat.
Wes turned her around to face him. “Don’t listen to him, Allison,” he said, drowning out the other men who were agreeing with Lieutenant McCorkle, saying that Allison needed to go.
“I don’t want to cost you the game,” she protested.
“You won’t.”
“What about your pride? If I don’t hit this last one, your team will be out.”
He eyed her curiously. “Do you not think you can do it?”
“You know that I can’t,” she said weakly.
He brushed a fallen tendril of her hair from her damp forehead. “I bet you also didn’t think you’d survive your time here without starving to death first—but then you tried jerky and dried fruit.”
She nearly blushed. It was only because of him that she’d managed to not have her stomach eat itself.
“I bet you also didn’t think you’d ever wear anything other than the dress you arrived in,” he said with a chuckle. “Don’t deny it, either. I might not know much about sewing, but I know enough to know that you’re not the expert seamstress you’d have had me believe inside Charles’ store.”
Her face burned. “You’re right and it was only because of you that I have something else to wear.”
“No,” he corrected. “I didn’t sew your skirt. You did. I might have suggested you wear it differently than the way you’d intended—but you made it. Just like you can do this, Allison. I know that you can.”
A million things ran through her mind, one of which being that if the look in his eyes was any indication, he was trying to tell her something else. Something not related to rounders at all. She wet her lips, screwing up the nerve to ask what he’d meant—
“Now, go give it one last try.”
She started. “You won’t mind if I strike out and your team loses?”
He turned his lips into an overdone frown and shook his head. “No. I’d rather we lose, and you to have had a turn rather than us win and you only being able to sit from the sideline.”
“Wes, hurry up and find the nerve to tell your wife she can’t play and get on with it. The rain is picking up,” a voice called, not taking one drop of her newfound excitement at Wes’ earlier words.
Wes seemed completely unaffected by the man’s words, but must think that she was for he said, “Stop paying them mind. This has nothing to do with them. This is about us. Now, this time, if you must close your eyes, that’s fine. Just hold the bat like this—” he put her arms into an awkward position unlike the first two times.
“Wes, this feels silly.”
“Why? You’ll be more likely to actually hit the ball this way. Is that not what you want? Do you want to get us out?”
She nearly giggled at his tone. “No. But neither do I want people to think I only hit it because I cheated.”
As if seeing her point, he moved her arms back the way they were before. “All right, hold it like this and try to keep your eyes open—just a little.”
She swallowed her unease and allowed him to move her completely into stance.
He moved her left leg out a little and her right one back; then ran his open palms along her back and up to her shoulders where he straightened them. Holding her still, he bent so close to her ear she could feel his breath against her skin. “Don’t forget, Allison, I don’t care if we win or lose, so have fun. Please?”
Allison nodded. It was all she could do. She couldn’t remember him ever styling her by her name. Not that she thought he hadn’t; surely he had and she just couldn’t remember it. But she’d forever remember the soft, silky tone in which he’d just addressed her as Allison and not ‘my lady’.
“All right, Jackson,” Wes hollered, releasing her; by some miracle she did not collapse into the puddle she thought she might, but instead held position as Wes said those simple words: “She’s ready.”
Private Jackson didn’t even try to hide his amusement at the situation, knowing his team was about to win. The men in the field seemed to have just as much confidence in Allison as Private Jackson because they all looked to be grinning and shaking with laughter. 
Private Jackson wiped the rainwater from his face, something Allison hadn’t even noticed had covered hers, too, then threw the ball at her again.
Keep them open. Keep them open. Keep them open... Despite the ball sailing toward her and the rain that was now starting to fall more rapidly than before, she couldn’t and closed them, leaving only a sliver open—just enough to see the ball. She willed herself not to close off that sliver as she’d done last time. If she did, then she’d be swinging blindly, which seemed to result in no  hits—only strikes. She had to do it this time. 
“Now!” Wes commanded.
Refusing to blink all the way to clear her rain-blurred vision, Allison gripped the bat as tightly as she could and brought it forward.
There was no whoosh, the distinct sound of a strike.
There was no bruising hit to her shoulder followed the smacking of the ball colliding with a man’s hand. 
There was no crack to indicate a ball well hit.
The only sound was a slight thump—rapidly followed by shouts she couldn’t understand.
She dropped her eyes to the ground and a whole six inches in front of her sat the ball.
“Run!” someone shouted.
But she couldn’t. She was too amazed she’d hit the ball to think, let alone run.
“Wes, I hit it! I actually hit the ball!” she shrieked, turning to face him and his broad grin, then before she knew what she was doing, she leapt into his arms.
Wes’ strong arms came around her just then, catching her to him; then his grin faded and his blue eyes clouded with what could only be termed as raw desire as a thin sheen of water covered his face and drops fell steadily from his angled chin.
Her breath caught at the sight of him, uncertain.
Uncertain, she might be, but the determined look on his face told her that he knew exactly what he wanted and when his lips met hers, she knew it was exactly what she wanted, too.
Other than the quick brush of their lips this morning, the only other kiss they’d shared had come the day they’d married. But even it was nothing compared to this one.
His warm, soft lips covered hers and moved on top of—and in between—hers. She mirrored his actions, heedless to the audience they had. Nothing could make her break their kiss. Nothing.
The crack of lightning rent the air and Wes pulled back, a strong intensity in his eyes.
Suddenly, a strong current of cold water hit Allison.
The light drizzle was over; the clouds had opened up; and now it was a downpour.
“Shall we finish the game?” one of the men on the opposite team asked.
“I don’t care what you all plan to do,” Wes said raggedly, as he moved to scoop Allison up into his arms at a better angle, then dropped his voice so only she could hear, “the only home I plan to run to at this moment is my own.”

Wes heard the noise that surrounded him, but that’s all it was: noise.
In front of him, looking up at him with her wide brown eyes and kiss-swollen lips stood Allison, and no matter what was being said around him, he couldn’t tear his eyes away from her.
He wanted her.
All of her.
Now.
The fate of the game could go to rot. All he cared about was in his arms.
Unable to form the words he so desperately wanted to say, he scooped her up again and made a direct path to their room.
Allison seemed not to mind, for she didn’t say anything, nor did she so much as break eye contact with him as he carried her across the now soggy field, to the barracks, up the stairs and to their room.
He set her down and immediately brought his lips back to hers.
He’d kissed her passionately outside, but not as passionately as he’d have liked.
Wes brought his hands up to cup her face and held her lips to his, taking it as a sign of encouragement when she dug her fingers into the back of his hair as if she were holding him to her, never wanting to let go. Just the same as he felt for her.
Wes took a step back and swallowed. The rain had soaked through both sets of their clothes. While he didn’t mind that his felt cold and clung to his wet skin, he rather liked the sight her once-white, now translucent shirt afforded him as it clung to her pert breasts.


USA Today Bestselling and Award Winning Author Rose Gordon writes unusually unusual historical romances that have been known to include scarred heroes, feisty heroines, marriage-producing scandals, far too much scheming, naughty literature and always a sweet happily-ever-after.  When not escaping to another world via reading or writing a book, she spends her time chasing two young boys around the house, being hunted by wild animals, or sitting on the swing in the backyard where she has to use her arms as shields to deflect projectiles AKA: balls, water balloons, sticks, pinecones, and anything else one of her boys picks up to hurl at his brother who just happens to be hiding behind her.

She can be found on somewhere in cyberspace at:
http://www.rosegordon.net
or blogging about something inappropriate at:
http://rosesromanceramblings.wordpress.com

Rose would love to hear from her readers and you can e-mail her at rose.gordon@hotmail.com

You can also find her on Facebook, Goodreads, and Twitter. 

If you never want to miss a new release, click here to subscribe to her New Release list  or visit her website to subscribe and you'll be notified each time a new book becomes available.

Since her father’s untimely death, Felicity Halliday has relied on the medical knowledge learned at his side to treat London’s most disreputable in order to support her family. Life has been hard, but everything changes the night she is snatched from an alley behind a theatre and tossed into a nobleman’s carriage.  

It has been less than a fortnight since Julian Beckford returned to London after a sojourn in India, and he’s already up to his top-boots in one of his cousin’s mad schemes. When his foolish cousin decides to engage an actress to play his wife over the holidays at Danby Castle, Julian becomes an unwilling party to the lady’s abduction. Along their journey to Yorkshire, Julian makes a stunning discovery about his cousin's pretend wife....and finds it’s possible to love Twice Upon a Time.
The sound of the mattress dipping and her feet padding across the chamber caught his attention. “If you will not share the bed, I’ll return to Lord Penlow’s room. My conscience won’t allow me to relegate you to such uncomfortable accommodations.”
Julian flung the blanket aside and leapt to his feet. “Wait!”
The door cracked open and stalled. “What is it, sir?”
Dear Lord, he was as fickle as the wind, but Pen could sod off.
“We will work out an arrangement,” he said. “Close the door and come back to bed.”
“Only if you will.” Her determination nearly undid him. To have a beautiful woman demanding he climb into bed with her was arousing in the extreme.
He pinched the bridge of his nose. “As you wish, but I warn you. If you so much as drift across to my side, I cannot be held responsible for abandoning my manners.”
“I won’t drift, Julian. I promise.”
Damnation. Why had he issued such a stern warning? “Very well. Get under the covers and stay there. I’ll sleep on top of the counterpane.”
With the lady tucked into bed, Julian climbed in and turned his back to her. “Good night Miss Halliday.”
“My name is Felicity. You have my permission to address me as such.”
Julian rammed his fingers through his hair and pulled. The dull pain was only mildly distracting. “Stop talking.” 
Her soft gasp reached his ears and the bed jostled as she rolled away from him. She said nothing else, but it seemed like an eternity before her breathing evened out, and she surrendered to sleep.
Julian was not as lucky. He slept in borrowed snatches of time, his awareness of her heated body next to his barely fading within the moments of unconsciousness. When the grey morning light filtered through the window, he was awake again. His gaze rested on her peaceful face. Her honeyed lashes fanned against ivory skin, and her lips turned up in a diminutive smile, reminiscent of the Mona Lisa, accommodating even in slumber. It was as if he had looked upon her face a thousand times. 
A forgotten memory nagged at him. Felicity with her head resting on her forearm, hunched over the side of a bed, her burnished locks falling down around her pink cheeks. 
The still room. 
A frail hand in hers, so weak, seeking comfort. 
Felicity’s eyes, large with compassion. 
The images rushed him at once. Aunt Alice’s illness, the sights and sounds he thought he had banished forever. There had been but one glowing beacon during those dark days five years ago. A kindred spirit had laid her hand upon his shoulder and shared his sorrow as the woman who had been like a mother to him faded a little each day until she was no more.
Felicity was Aunt Alice’s angel.
A surge of tenderness flooded through his heart. He reached out to push a strand of hair behind her ear. Her eyes fluttered open and her brow creased in confusion for a moment until her gaze found his and recognition sparked in her amber depths.
“Felicity,” he murmured. “Dr. Halliday’s daughter. Aunt Alice’s nursemaid. Whatever has happened to you, my darling?”   

The rawness reflected in Julian’s voice and expression ignited a burning in the back of Felicity’s throat. His caring touch fractured the wall erected between her mind and heart. She was practical. Always. Rational thought was the framework that kept her on her feet rather than broken on the floor, a quivering puddle of emotions. 
Tears were Meredith’s domain. She was young and her tenuous sentiments were therefore forgivable. Not so for Felicity. Her sister shed tears for both of them, while she did everything she could to save Meredith and Mama from further pain. 
She swiped at the damning wetness falling from the corner of her eyes, her hand shaking. “I should return to Lord Penlow’s room before he wakes.”
She tried to roll away, but Julian’s hand on her shoulder stopped her escape.
“Something has happened to your father, hasn’t it? He would never allow you to...”
Pressing her lips tightly together to hold back a sob, she nodded. 
“Sweet girl, come here.”
Felicity surrendered and turned in to his embrace. She buried her face against his neck, the rough shadow of his whiskers chafing her skin. She didn’t care. His strength held her together on the inside while his arms held her securely against him. She dissolved against his chest, her will to fight the injustices of life taking a much needed rest. For this fleeting moment, she wanted to be taken care of by another person.
No, not just anyone. She desired Julian’s comfort. He centered her and absorbed her worries. In the shelter of his arms, she didn’t feel so alone.
He whispered soothing words, kissed her temple, her hair, her forehead. She lifted her face, wishing for the feel of his lips on hers. Her fingers threaded into his silky hair and urged his head down. Julian’s mouth skimmed hers, gently at first then with more insistence when she leaned into his kiss.
A deep moan rumbled in his chest beneath her fingers. He rolled her to her back and settled over her, his hard length pressing against her low belly. The coverlet entrapped her and she struggled to remove the barrier that kept them apart.
“I want…”
Julian’s tongue eased between her parted lips. She opened on a breath and welcomed his heated mouth. Lightheaded and crazed, she greedily drank in his kisses. Her thoughts evaporated almost the moment they were born. 
I should not...
I cannot...
Dear God, I must stop.
He pulled back, breaking their contact. “Felicity?” His voice was hoarse and uncertain.
Their surroundings began to take shape as her head cleared. She was pushing against him while her fingers fisted in the fabric of his shirt; even her body was conflicted in the moment.

Don’t let bestselling regency romance author Samantha Grace’s sweet smile fool you. She has a wicked sense of humor, and she’s not above embarrassing her characters for a good laugh. Samantha writes what she enjoys reading: romantic comedies about family, friendship, and flawed characters who learn how to love deeply. Part-time hospice social worker, moonlighting author, and pilates nut, she enjoys a happy and hectic life with her real life hero and two kids in the Midwest. To learn more about Samantha’s stories, visit www.samanthagraceauthor.com.  

Lady Madelaine Aldridge might be the worst lady-in-waiting to ever grace King George III’s court. An oddball who prefers archery to embroidery and honesty to deception, she earns the dislike of the Queen, the cruelty of the other ladies-in-waiting and the advances of a lecherous fiend who wants to make her his whore. Her father demands she find a proper husband―a task that seems hopeless until Lord Grey Adlard rides into court.

Grey Adlard lives up to his reputation as a dangerously handsome rake when he proposes Madelaine meet him in the stables for a tumble. Yet when she needs a protector the most, Grey offers his services and vows he wants to court her. Wary yet intrigued by the mystery he presents, Madelaine slowly allows Grey to capture her confidence and then her heart.

Things seem perfect until her father is imprisoned for plotting against the King and Madelaine learns Grey is not who he pretends. As King George III sinks deeper into insanity, Madelaine must prove her father’s innocence in order to save his life. With the future of England hanging in the balance and a ruthless murderer hunting them Grey and Madelaine engage in a clash of wills and a battle fraught with suspicion, secrets, betrayal and two hearts that cannot deny the impossible, irresistible love between them.
“Look there.” Lord Grey pointed to the ground before tugging Madelaine down beside him. “Do you see that?”
“I see grass. Is that what I’m supposed to see?”
“No. Really look.” His rested his hand at her nape and cradled it. She tried to study the blades, but it was hard to concentrate with Lord Grey’s warm fingers against her skin and his body so close to hers. She abandoned the ground and focused on listening to the hiss of his breath. Gads. She had to do better than this. Doubling her efforts, she focused all her attention on the grass. What was different? What did he see? She sucked in a surprised breath. “Some of the blades are mashed.”
“Bravo!” He lightly squeezed her neck before his hand fell away. Moving lower, so that his face almost laid against the ground, he traced an outline repeatedly. “This is a man’s tracks.”
Madelaine scrambled lower until she was once again side-by-side with him. “How do you know?”
“Look at your slippers.”
She immediately obliged.
“There are two ways I can tell. One, women have much smaller feet than men.”
“Not all women,” Madelaine said. “My father’s cook hails from German stock, and her feet, like the rest of her body, are enormous.”
Lord Grey chuckled. “All right. Most women have feet that are smaller than men. Satisfied?”
“Yes.” But she was more than satisfied. She was happy. Being here with him made her feel carefree. The realization came as a shock. She hadn’t been happy since the day she came to Court.
“Lady Madelaine, might I ask another favor of you?”
The blue of his eyes had darkened as he spoke. And his voice had become husky. She didn’t think she had the power to deny him anything in this moment. So, she nodded.
“When we are alone, will you call me Grey?”
A rushing sound filled her ears, making her blink. She took a calming breath and said, “Yes. And you may call me Madelaine.”
“Madelaine.”
The way her name rolled seductively off his tongue made gooseflesh raise on her arms. “Lord Grey―”
“Grey,” he corrected.
“Grey.” A strange tension was mounting within her. As if something coiled inside her body and one touch of Grey’s lips to hers would make the coil release. She had to get them back on track. “What is the other way you can tell that these footprints are a man’s?”
“They’re deeper than a woman’s would be because men are heavier.” He grinned. “Except for German women, that is.”
An irrepressible smile tugged at her lips. Grey was not only handsome, but he was funny and smart. No wonder he’d never had a bit of trouble finding women who wanted his attention. She could imagine the pleasure a seduction by him would bring. A dull ache, unlike anything she had ever felt before pulsed within her.
She curled her fingers into the grass. Pleasure from a seduction would be temporary. She needed to remember that fact, and the reality that Grey may say he did not want to seduce her, but she still needed to be careful. He knew no other way to woo a woman than to his bed, and she was apparently as vulnerable as every other hare-brained lady when it came to him.
She sprang to her feet and shook the wrinkles out of her dress. He stood in one fluid motion and reached toward her. Her muscles tensed. Was he going to kiss her? Pull her against his chest? Wrap his arms around her and―good grief. She had to get control of her imagination. He plucked something from her hair, and then held it up between them. “I was just getting the grass out of your hair.”
“Yes, of course.” A hot blush warmed her cheeks.
He chuckled. “You can stop worrying.”
“I’m not worried.”
“You looked worried. In fact, with your eyes rounded you looked much like a fox being hunted. I swear I’m not trying to seduce you.”
“Perhaps claiming that is your ploy to reel me in.” Gads. She couldn’t believe she’d just said that. But he had her confused and unsure. He had her wanting to believe someone liked her, oddness and all.
He frowned. “What must I do to prove I’m a man of my word?”
Should she be coy? Lie? No. If they were to really know each other and have a true chance, she had to be truthful. She prayed she wasn’t being utterly foolish. Her mother had always told her she’d need to hide what she liked if she truly couldn’t change, and here she was still not doing what her mother had said. “We must be friends before we can be anything else.”
“I want that. I vow I do.”
His words were so earnest that she believed him. God help her, she did. Nothing would be worse than falling for Grey only to be humiliated if he proved himself false. The hell she had previously endured at Court would seem a dream when compared to the nightmare Grace would undoubtedly put her through if she ever learned Madelaine had been so foolishly stupid. She would take the chance though. “All right. I promise to take you for your word unless you prove that you take me for a fool.”
He leaned closer, his pupils dilating. “I take you for many things, Madelaine, but a fool is not one of them.” His husky voice made her melt inside.
“You’re doing it again.” Her voice was trembling.
“Doing what?” His tone was like a caress.
“Sounding seductive,” she said with a racing heart.
He grinned. “It must be my natural sound. I’m afraid you’ll just have to live with it.”
She laughed. “I bet you were a handful as a child.”
“I was indeed. I’ll tell you some stories eventually. Come.” He waved toward the east side of the lake. “You ladies walked this way, correct?”
“That’s very impressive.” She trailed him. “Maybe you’ll get to use your tracking skills when you’re an equerry to find a rogue horse.”
He turned and gave her the same strange look he had when they’d spoken earlier on the subject of his being an equerry. “That’s odd,” he said.
Was he talking about what she’d said? Her stomach twisted into knots as self-doubt flooded her. Wait a second. He wasn’t even looking at her. She stared across the great park and breathed slowly. She needed to try to have more confidence, but it was so hard. “What’s odd?”
“There.” He pointed toward the grotto that lay across the wide expanse of grass and trees.
For a moment, she saw nothing, and then a flash of red caught her attention. “That’s the upstairs chambermaid! What on earth―?”
A man emerged from the grotto. She didn’t know him. And if she’d ever seen him she would have remembered. The burn scars that covered the right side of his face were visible, even from this distance. She shuddered. As if sensing her stare, he pulled a dark hood down. Grey chuckled before speaking. “Now I see what the chambermaid is up to. Do you know that man?”
Madelaine glanced behind her at Grey’s face. His eyes were narrowed on the couple.
She’d grown up sheltered, but she’d learned many shocking things since coming to court. Still… Her curiosity couldn’t be denied. “Grey, do you mean to say she―with him―there in the cave? She wouldn’t.”
“I beg to differ. I’m sure she shares a room with another servant, which means she’s restricted in where she can accept companionship. I’ve met the woman. She’s got a healthy appetite. And if the man she’s with is also sharing a room and it is currently occupied…” He shrugged.
“You bedded her.” Gads. She’d not meant it to come out so irritated and accusing. She had no right to be angry. It was none of her business who Grey had slept with.
“Not me. I swear.”
His blunt denial and the foolishly hopeful part of her that wanted to trust him overcame her sensible side, and she decided to believe him.
“Do you recognize the man?” Grey asked.
Madelaine squinted into the distance. “No, but they’re so far. Did you see the scars on his face?”
Grey nodded. “He dresses oddly.”
“Perhaps he’s from the village.”
“Perhaps.” Grey’s brow furrowed. “I wouldn’t have thought her to be a woman to give herself to a commoner though. She seemed rather scheming when I met her.”
Madelaine was dying to know exactly where Grey had met her, but they stood in silence as the chambermaid and her companion disappeared toward the castle. Once they were gone from sight, Grey swaggered ahead. She pressed her lips together on her curiosity. If he didn’t want to offer explanations, she had no right to ask. She had to double her steps to keep up with his long strides, but falling slightly behind had definite benefits. His breeches hugged his derriere and powerful thighs and his morning coat displayed his broad shoulders rather nicely. She was so busy staring at him that she forgot to watch where she was going and stubbed her toe on a broken tree branch. She bit down on her lip to avoid crying out, but she must have made some noise because Grey stopped.
“What’s the matter?”
There was no point in lying. Besides, she was a terrible liar. She tended to stammer when she lied. “I stubbed my toe.”
“Weren’t you watching where you walked?”
“Oh yes.” Half embarrassed and half irritated, she smirked. “I was indeed. I saw a rock and thought to myself ‘I’ll walk right into that to see if it hurts.’”
“Beautiful and sharp-witted. I like that.” He winked and continued with his swaggering.
The scoundrel! He knew she’d been staring at him. Grey stooped down at the edge of the lake under the same tree the queen had stopped to rest under. “You paused here?”
“Yes. How did you know?”
“The flattened footsteps lead here in a pattern that shows someone was walking, but here they become jumbled together and unless you were all walking into each other, you had to have stopped.” He looked around and stood before walking to the tree the queen had sat under. “Did Queen Charlotte rest here?”
“Yes. We put a stool there for her. Oh! And she took her gloves off here!”Madelaine rushed over to where Grey was bent over. He reached down and came up with the queen’s ring grasped in his fingers. The ruby stone shined in the sunlight. “You found it!” Overcome with gratitude, she threw herself into his arms.
The force of her collision sent their bodies swaying backwards toward the tree, and for a breath, she thought they would fall in a tangle of arms and legs. Grey’s grunt rumbled in her ear as his solid arms encircled her waist and pulled her firm and tight against a wall of hard muscle. He righted them but made no move to release her.
Embarrassment heated her as she stared at his chest. “I’m sorry. I was overcome with excitement. Thank you.” Too mortified by her impulsive actions to look at him, she tried to pull away, but his arms tightened like bands of steel around her waist.
She glanced up.
Amusement danced and flickered in his gaze, and pleasure tipped up the corners of his mouth. “If you don’t want me to have thoughts of seducing you, then you cannot go throwing yourself into my arms. You’re quite simply irresistible.”
The world around her grew quiet and murky, and then one thought crystallized. He thought her irresistible. She was the oddball. The lady who did not fit in. She had to say something and cease staring like a simpleton. “You’re irresistible too.” Gads! What a stupid silly thing to say.
A strange glint filled Grey’s eyes. He ran a finger down her cheek. “I want to kiss you very badly.”
“Go on then.” Her heart hammered with her bold words. “Kiss me.”
He cupped her chin causing a tremor to run through her body. Grey stroked her lips with a thumb, and deep inside a pulsing need awoke. He leaned down until his lips almost touched hers. “You’re sure?”
She’d never been surer of anything in her life. “I’m certain.”
“And you believe I want more than to seduce you?”
Staring at his lips, she nodded. “I believe you.”
He groaned as his mouth came down on hers, hot and seeking. His thumb pressed against her chin, and she opened her mouth to allow him in. His tongue stroked, swirled and lit a fire within her that she feared could not be controlled. She pressed harder against him, wanting more of this new consuming feeling.
“Grey!” Lady Elizabeth’s voice cut like a clap of thunder through the silence.
He pulled away, but held Madelaine firmly by the arm.
Her knees wobbled but that she could get under control. It was her labored breathing she was unsure she could slow down. His dark gaze bore into her as he scrubbed a hand over his face. “I shouldn’t have done that, but I couldn’t resist. Forgive me?”
“How could I not? I asked you to kiss me. Remember?”
He grinned. “I quite forgot. I’m not used to being the one seduced. You muddled my wits.”
She’d muddled his wits? She’d just been kissed for the first time in her life. And what a perfect kiss. She wasn’t sure she’d think properly for days. With an embarrassed laugh, she faced Elizabeth who strode toward them with a dark scowl on her face. Madelaine ought to care that Elizabeth was angry about something, but all she could do was smile. She’d never felt so wonderful in all her life.


Julie Johnstone is a best-selling author of Regency Romance. She’s been a voracious reader of books since she was a young girl. Her mother would tell you that as a child Julie had a rich fantasy life made up of many different make believe friends. As an adult, Julie is one of the lucky few who can say she is living the dream by working with her passion of creating worlds from her imagination. When Julie is not writing she is chasing her two precocious children around, cooking, reading or exercising. Julie loves to hear from her readers. You can send her an email at juliejohnstoneauthor@gmail.com or find her at www.juliejohnstoneauthor.com, or on Facebook at juliejohnstoneauthor or at twitter @juliejohnstone.

Becky Thorn has been keeping a secret for more than seven years. A secret that, if found out, could destroy her. So before she gets too ensconced in London society, she accepts a position as a governess for a reclusive Viscount and his wife, far away from the ton.

Stephen Hastings, the third Viscount Hastings, is nothing short of perturbed when the tart Miss Thorn shows up on his doorstep. He is a man with little time and even less patience, who feels his pushover housekeeper is doing a fine job keeping his wards out of his hair. But Miss Thorn thinks differently and needles her way into becoming his governess, and eventually, the object of his affection.
Becky’s fourth day as a governess proved to be just as exhausting as her first and when she reached her room at half past seven, she couldn’t even look at her food. The only thing on her mind was sleep and so she ignored her dinner tray, undressed and curled up in her tiny bed, allowing her exhaustion to take over.
What seemed like mere minutes later, a frantic knock sounded at her door.
“Oh, no,” she moaned. Now she would never be able to fall back to sleep tonight.
“Miss Thorn?” Mrs. Brown’s worried voice came through the door. “I’m sorry to disturb, miss, but I’ve been sent to retrieve you. Immediately.”
Becky fumbled in the dark until she found the door. “Mrs. Brown, what time is it? What’s going on?”
“It’s just past midnight, miss. But there’s some gentlemen come to see ya. Right good-lookin’ gentlemen at that. Lord Hastings said to bring ya down straight away.”
“Gentlemen?” Becky repeated, the dregs of sleep immediately giving way to apprehension. What if they had found her? She would be doomed for sure. But she had no choice. If she didn’t go down and face them, one of them—all of them, perhaps—wouldn’t hesitate to search the entire house for her. “All right, I’m on my way.”
When Becky entered the downstairs drawing room fifteen minutes later, she discovered that Mrs. Brown had not been lying. There were in fact three very handsome men waiting for her.
Well, four if she counted Lord Hastings, but she didn’t care to include him.
She breathed a sigh of relief when she saw it was Lord Eastleigh and not her father. It had never occurred to her that the marquess might show up at Hastings House and now that he stood there in front of her, another wave of panic shot through her body. Something was wrong. Why else would he come all the way to Sussex in the middle of the night?
“What is it, my lord?” she asked. “Is Phoebe all right? Has she gone into labor?”
“No, no, everything is fine, Becky,” he rushed to assure her. “We came to see how you were doing.”
Becky looked skeptically around the room. “Wouldn’t it have been more sensible to send a note? Or at least travel in the daytime?”
“One would think so.” The marquess looked a little perturbed. Or maybe just tired.
But so was Becky, and she was not in the mood to try and play guessing games. “Would someone please explain to me why I was woken in the middle of the night to come down here?”
“I would be happy to.” Lord Hastings stepped forward into the light of the raging fire, and Becky’s heart raced.
She wasn’t sure why she had never noticed how strikingly handsome he was. It had crossed her mind, of course, that he was a nice-looking man when he wasn’t being a complete arse, but something was different now. Something about him seemed softer, more enticing. Sensual.
“Miss Thorn, is there any reason you failed to inform your friends that Lady Hastings does not exist?” His voice was more tender than she’d ever heard it and it vexed her that her stomach actually flip-flopped as a result.
She forced herself to focus. “Is that what this is about?” The three of you have come all the way from London in the middle of the night because I failed to mention one minor detail?”
“Minor detail?”
Becky backed up instinctively at the sudden impatience in Lord Eastleigh’s tone.
“A-All right,” she stammered. “Perhaps not so minor, but did you really think me to be in danger?”
“We sent you away to interview with a non-existent woman and received word that said woman had hired you on permanently.” The marquess’ voice escalated as he spoke. “Then I arrive in London tonight and discover that Lady Hastings does not even exist and furthermore, besides being a supplier of beer, most people know very little of Lord Hastings.”
“All right, I’m sorry!” she yelled, knowing she was most certainly in the wrong. “I just didn’t want you all to worry. I knew if Phoebe found out that I had been brought here under false pretenses, she’d march me straight back to Ravenscroft Castle...or make you do it.”
“And I should.”
“My lord, please, you don’t mean that,” Becky pleaded. “Can’t we sit down and talk this through? There is nothing untoward going on here and there is no way that I’m leaving those children.”
There was a pause; Lord Eastleigh was clearly thinking through his options. “How did this happen?” he asked at last, his gaze fixed on Lord Hastings.
“Can I get you a drink first, Eastleigh?” The viscount proceeded to pour five tumblers of brandy. Becky was grateful he’d thought to include her. She desperately needed something to calm her nerves.
They all sat around the fire and listened as Becky and Lord Hastings relayed the underhanded workings of Mrs. Brown. Becky was all too aware of the man in shirtsleeves, sitting next to her as they spoke. They had yet to have a civilized conversation since her arrival. Yet now, with Cerberus sitting across from them, they spoke as one, allied together in an effort to keep them from taking her away. They finished each other’s sentences and laughed nostalgically at events that had taken place only a few days earlier, as if she had been there for years.
It was an odd feeling, one of belonging that Becky had never anticipated she would experience in this household. Perhaps it was not real, though. Perhaps he was only being this way because he needed her to stay on to look after the children. She had to admit he already looked far more rested and far less frazzled than he had upon her arrival four days ago. She was certain the strain of not having a bona fide governess had taken its toll on the entire household, but she couldn’t stop herself from wishing that maybe he wanted her to stay for other reasons. Reasons that had nothing at all to do with Max and Lydia.
They were fleeting thoughts. Inappropriate, fleeting thoughts and she had no clue from whence they came. But sometimes the way he looked at her, the way he studied her as if she were the most fascinating work of art he’d ever seen...Well, either way, their little act seemed to be working.
It was past two o’clock by the time they had the three Wetherby men convinced. Poor Mrs. Brown was summoned once again from her sleep to prepare three of the guest bedchambers. Once she had retrieved the three men, Becky bid Lord Hastings goodnight and attempted an exit.
“Miss Thorn, may I have a word?” Hastings said in a tone that told her it wasn’t a question.
She halted on the threshold. “Can it not wait until morning, my lord? I am awfully tired, and I will have to be up in—”
“No, it can’t.” The viscount strode to where she stood and slid the door shut, requiring Becky to move back into the room.
She cleared her throat. “All right...”
“Miss Thorn, I’m still wondering why on earth you would lie to the Wetherbys about the pretenses under which you were brought here.”
“I told you,” she said with an ounce of defiance. “I didn’t want to worry them.”
“You didn’t want them to take you home,” he corrected.
Becky swallowed hard. “No. The children need me.”
“And what do you need?”
“I beg your pardon.”
“That was quite a performance you put on for Eastleigh and his brothers.”
“I rather thought it was more like a duet.”
A wry smile came to the viscount’s lips, and Becky wondered what he was getting at.
“Either way, you were eager to dispel their fears and convince them to let you remain here...with me.”
Becky’s heart leaped to her throat. Was it possible he was trying to gauge her affections? Part of her wanted to admit that she was guilty to his charge. That she was curious about what it would be like to have his lips on hers, to feel his hands on her waist, and other more scandalous parts of her anatomy. But that would be foolish of her. This man was her employer. Obviously, she was tired and reading more into his questions than she should.
“And the children,” she said at last.
But before she could utter another word, Lord Hastings was before her, his rough hand caressing her cheek, his blue eyes peering into hers like rays of morning sunlight. Becky should have been frightened, should have pushed his hand away and told him never to touch her again, but she couldn’t.
She didn’t want to.
“I do not mean to be so forward, Miss Thorn,” he said, his voice a mere whisper. “But you are perhaps the most astonishing creature I’ve ever met.”
Becky said nothing, but only stood there, trembling despite the warmth of the fire. What was she thinking? This was all wrong, beyond inappropriate, and there was only one place this could lead. She couldn’t let that happen. She could not allow her personal desires to interfere with her job. The children needed her, and involving herself in an affair with their guardian would only prove to be a foolish mistake.
But at the same time, there was something so right about having him near. Something so tantalizing about having his hand against her cheek, his lips just a whisper away from hers. Becky had never wanted anything so badly in her entire life.
Without thinking, she raised herself onto her tiptoes and pressed her lips to his. She had never kissed anyone before, had never been kissed, but that didn’t seem to matter. Hastings took the reins, drawing her closer to him, pressing her soft, feminine body against his hard chest while he plundered her mouth with his own. He tasted of brandy and cigars and his clean masculine scent wafted through the air, robbing Becky of any rational thought.
It was an animalistic urge that drew her further into him, that made her press her aching breasts harder against his chest. But when he stepped into her and his hardened member pushed against the curve of her stomach, Becky was startled back to reality.
He released her without any struggle and walked a few paces away. She watched him as he sought control over his faculties and wondered what would come of this little rendezvous. Would he send her home with Lord Eastleigh tomorrow? Would he let her stay and then force his attentions on her? Becky had never been so aroused or terrified in her entire life.
“For the children, eh?”
Becky stifled an indignant retort. What was he out to prove by kissing her? That she found him desirable? That she was a wanton chit not worthy of caring for his wards?
“Was this some kind of trick?” she asked, straining to keep her composure.
He frowned. “A trick?”
“To prove something?”
“Might I remind you that you kissed me?”
“Only because you made me!” It wasn’t until the words were out of her mouth that she realized how childish they sounded.
“I don’t remember making any demands, Miss Thorn.”
“You made an advance, my lord. Why? What is it that you’re out to prove about me?”
“The only thing I wanted to prove was that you chose to stay for more reasons than the blasted children!”
“Why?”
Hastings shook his head. “I’m not exactly sure, Miss Thorn,” he said quietly.
“My lord—”
He held up a hand to quiet her. Not in his usual demeaning way, though. It seemed he simply wanted to put an end to the conversation and she couldn’t blame him. She wasn’t keen to reveal any more truths herself.
“Will you join us for breakfast in the morning, Miss Thorn?” he asked without looking at her.
“But the children—”
“Bring them, too. We will have a family breakfast before Lord Eastleigh and his brothers depart. Seeing as they are your...acquaintances, I think you should be there.”
Becky wasn’t sure what to make of the invitation. She had the distinct feeling that perhaps he did not want to be left alone with the marquess and the twins. As intimidating as Lord Hastings could be, there were not three of him. Either way, she would not refuse.
“I shall see you at breakfast, then, my lord. Good night.”


Jerrica Knight-Catania is the best selling author of Regency Romance novels, including The Wetherby Brides series and The Daring Debutantes novellas. When she’s not writing, you can find her lounging poolside or wandering the aisles of Marshall’s and TJ Maxx. She resides in the Palm Beach area with her husband, cat and princess-in-training. 
www.jerricasplace.com 


It started with a kiss.

When nine-year-old Eleanor Abbington first met her uncle’s new stepson, Nicolas Norton, the boy rudely stole a kiss from her that set the tone for their contentious and competitive relationship. It wasn’t until years later when Nick introduced her to fencing that they finally had a proper outlet for their frequent arguments. 

Having just emerged from mourning following her mother’s death, Eleanor is exactly where she wishes to be at the age of four-and-twenty: an on-the-shelf spinster and unofficial companion to her aunt. Unfortunately, her ambitious uncle has other plans for her future. On the eve of his house party, he lays down his ultimatum: either Eleanor marries the man of his choosing, or he'll force her seventeen-year-old sister to do so instead. 

When Nick unexpectedly arrives on their doorstep after a two year absence, Eleanor is in no mood for their normal banter. Seeming to know exactly what she needs, Nick challenges her to pick up the foil once more. During their pre-dawn matches, he shows her just how strong she can be . . . and exactly how much he’s changed since leaving. But when her old adversary becomes her only ally, she may very well find herself . . . Ruined by a Rake.
The swishing of razor thin metal through cool air soothed Eleanor in much the way harp music calmed the music lover, or fine wine pleased the connoisseur. In the early morning gloom, damp fog was her cover, the dim promise of sunrise her only light. She moved forward swiftly, danced backwards, and thrust again. Nothing but mist met her blade, though she couldn’t help but imagine her uncle’s chest at the end of her buttoned tip.
“Your form is terrible, cousin.”
Eleanor gasped at the sudden pronouncement, and swung around, her rapier extended. Nicolas’s smiling face was inches from her blade. He didn’t even have the decency to flinch, drat the man. “Even my worst form would be miles better than yours.” 
Leaning back against the crumbing ruins of the old abbey wall, he nodded solemnly. “I agree wholeheartedly. Unless, of course, we are speaking of fencing. If that is the case, allow me to clear up your misconceptions.”
She didn’t relax. The way she was feeling this morning, she could happily take her meddling step-cousin’s head right off. “Sounds like a challenge to me. Have you come prepared?”
Though they used to meet frequently for these clandestine matches, it had been over two years since their last one. As much as he was a thorn in her side, she would be forever grateful to him for teaching her the sport. It had started as a lark, but had quickly evolved to their favorite form of communication, taking their verbal sparring and converting it into proper duals. 
Stepping back, he whipped his own sword up to clang against hers, making an X of the two weapons. “But of course. I wouldn’t dare meet anyone at dawn unarmed, least of all you, dear Ellie.”
She rolled her eyes, sending a brief glance heavenward before meeting his gaze. His amused gaze. Of course. Everything was a game to him. 
“En guard,” she commanded, planting her feet more firmly and extending her left hand behind her for balance. “And don’t call me Ellie.”
“As you wish, my sweet.” He paused for a moment, pursing his lips, then backed up a step. “By the way, I’m very sorry about your mother. I know I said as much in my letter, but it was a damn shame.”
She blinked, taken aback by his quiet words. Sincere words. Leave it to Nick to throw her off kilter.  She swallowed against the sadness that rose from deep within her, letting her gaze fall to the rocky ground. “Thank you,” she said, nodding twice before looking back up. “I’m very glad to have Aunt Margaret, at least.”
She smiled tightly, willing him to move on from the topic. This gentle side of him she kept catching glimpses of unnerved her. She didn’t quite know what to make of the changes she saw in him. 
As if sensing her desire, he repositioned his blade, tapping it lightly against hers. “Shall we?”
“Do you think you can keep up?” she asked, lifting a brow in challenge.
Below his morning scruff, his lips curled in his signature grin. She let out a relieved breath—they were back on familiar ground. He knew it drove her mad when he gave her that self-satisfied smile, which meant he was rarely without it. “Now, do try to be nice. It’s been weeks since I’ve had a proper match.”
Before the last word had even left his mouth, she lunged forward, going straight for his gut. He flitted backwards, parrying her move and striking forward with one of his own. His foil slapped against her right shoulder.
She gritted her teeth, not so much against the sting of the hit as the sting to her pride. He was toying with her, damn him. “Two years in the militia and that’s all you’ve got?” She tsked as they both got back into position. After the awfulness that was last night’s dinner, this was exactly what she needed.
“Taking it easy on an old gal like you.”
“Old gal? I’m all of two years older than you, thank you very much.” She engaged him once more, darting forth with lightning speed and poking his ribs with a sound thump.
“Ow,” he laughed, slapping her foil away with his own. “Careful, that’s tender young flesh. You’ve likely forgotten how delicate youthful skin can be.”
She bit her bottom lip to keep from grinning. He was always such a pest. For that little quip, he earned himself a slap across his gloved hand. “Sorry, did that hurt? You’re right; I can hardly remember what such a hit feels like. Though it’s less from my advanced age and more from a lack of a proper opponent.”
“Ah, you’ve missed me. Should I come home more often then? Clearly you are in want of my company if it is a proper opponent you seek.”
He whipped his foil up again and charged her, a move that she easily deflected. They carried on for a few more swings, the clashing of their blades ringing out in the pre-dawn hush. She was starting to enjoy herself, to push aside the fury of her recent arguments with Uncle Robert, and give herself over to the mind game that was fencing. 
When she finally had the upper hand, she tagged Nick once more on the shoulder. “Ha! What were you saying about a proper opponent? Unless your valet cares to extend his services, I know not why your visiting home more often should make a difference in my ability to find a worthy adversary.”
He shook his arm out, but still smiled that maddening grin of his. “It’s a pity you’ve had to make do without an opponent in my absence. I’m sure Aunt Margaret and Malcolm would be happy to help you find one, should they learn of your early morning exercise.”
She knew very well he was teasing, but still she lifted her tip toward his neck. “You wouldn’t dare say a word, since you are the sole reason I have taken to fencing. Feeble minded female that I am, I was easily led astray by my dear, trusted cousin.”
He snorted, stepping back at the same moment to deflect her foil. “If you’re feeble-minded, then I’m a weakling. And we both know that’s not true,” he said, purposely bullying his way toward her with hard, fast slashes of his blade.
Not true, indeed. Even as she concentrated on defending herself, her gaze darted toward him of its own volition, catching glimpses of his hardened chest through his loose, open-necked shirt. His sleeves covered muscled forearms that she knew would be flexing this way and that, and his biceps strained against the fabric despite its generous cut. Awareness washed over her, peppering her skin with goose bumps. Good heavens, he must be as strong as an ox now. 
She bit her lip, forcing her mind back to their volleys, both verbal and physical. “You know Uncle Robert would never believe otherwise.” Her words came out in staccato puffs as she struggled to hold her ground. 
“Because the man’s an idiot.”
The comment caught her off guard, making her grin. He immediately took advantage, surging forward with a volley that forced her backwards, pinning her against one of the tumbledown half-walls that once delineated the abbey’s courtyard. Drat it all—how had he gotten the upper hand so quickly? Her breath came out in a rush as he leaned against her; the X of their crossed foils the only thing preventing his chest from pressing against hers. She went a little lightheaded at the thought.
The crisp scent of sweat and soap surrounded her as his lips lifted in a slow, smug smile. “You’ve gone soft,” he murmured, shaking his head. “That was entirely too easy.”
Oh, no—there was no way on earth she would allow him to win this, their first battle in so long. Especially when her whole body seemed to be betraying her. Her nerves tingled at his closeness, her lungs willfully drawing in the scent of him. Forcing herself to relax, she offered a contrite smile. “I suppose I’m out of practice. Take your pound of flesh and be done with it.”
She turned her cheek, waiting for him to lean forward for the kiss he had long claimed as his prize of choice. Just another way to remind her of how he had bested her in their first meeting.
He bent forward, his green eyes alight with mischief. She held her breath, working to maintain the focus that wavered at his nearness. Just when she was about to spring, at the very moment her muscles tensed to counter attack, he stopped, tsking. “If you think,” he said quietly, his lips only inches from her flushed cheek, “that I would believe for a second you would just roll over and let me win, you have underestimated me, cousin.”
Smarter than she had hoped. Fighting to regain her flagging resolve in the face of his overwhelming closeness, she shrugged. “Then prepare yourself.” 
With every ounce of her strength, she launched herself on the offensive, forcing him away and whipping her foil up between them.
He mirrored her position, his hand held out behind him with his legs evenly planted on the rocky ground. “See? Not feebleminded in the least. Stubborn, willful, and scandalous, but never feebleminded.”
They engaged once more, the clanging of their swords carrying across the dew-laden field. “I am not scandalous, thank you very much.”
He blocked her jab and countered with one of his own, but she saw it coming and danced back just in time.
“But stubborn and willful?”
“A woman never argues with a compliment.” 
Chuckling, he dodged her strike and repositioned himself. “That explains so very much.”
“Good. And a woman unwed is not scandalous. She is independent.” The fierceness with which she said the words felt good. The match was helping to give her back a bit of her confidence. Being with him somehow made her feel stronger.
He widened his eyes dramatically, gasping in mock disbelief. “Independence is so much worse than scandal. Malcolm would be in vapors to hear you speak thusly.”
Standing in the middle of the ruins, dressed in wholly improper clothes and clutching a sword of all things, she couldn’t help but laugh. Lowering her foil, she put her free hand to her waist. “Look at me, Nick. I do believe independence would be the least of his objections were he to see me right now.”
She hadn’t meant it literally, but still his gaze swept over her, taking in her flowing, wide-legged trousers and sturdy, well-fitting long-sleeve blouse made of padded linen. It was impossible to miss the flash of appreciation in his celadon eyes. The oddest tug answered low in her belly, as though gravity had released her for a moment. Or perhaps it was reason leaving her body.
He tipped his head to the side. “Point conceded.” 
Purposely looking away, she tucked her foil beneath her arm and tugged off her thick gloves. “Speaking of which, it’s getting late. I’d best get back before I’m missed.”
“Too late.”
She frowned, glancing to the first pink fingers of dawn stretching into the sky, heralding the start of the day. “Not at all. I have a good quarter hour before sunrise.”
Leaning his sword against the abbey wall, he stepped toward her, shaking his head. “No, I don’t mean you will be missed. I mean you have been missed.”
Her heart skittered as he extended his hand to her. Why was she acting such the fool around him? He was treating her exactly as he always had—since they were children, in fact—yet everything seemed to hold a different meaning. She was reacting to him as though he hadn’t spent the first decade of their acquaintance driving her mad. 
When she didn’t move, he gave a one shoulder shrug. “You’d be amazed what you’ll miss when your only companions are a few hundred under-washed, stir crazy soldiers.”
Resolutely, she shoved aside the strange feelings, and accepted his proffered hand. “Yes, well, I suppose I may have missed you as well. You do serve as quite the magnet for Uncle Robert’s temper, which I inadvertently benefit from. At the very least, I’m glad you didn’t get yourself killed on some Godforsaken battlefield.”
“Careful cousin—a man can begin to think you actually care for him, with such gushing concern.” He winked before tugging her into an easy, one-armed embrace. The hard wall of muscled side was a far, far cry from the slim, lanky build she always associated with him. With his free hand, he gripped her chin in a firm hold and planted a loud, smacking kiss on her cheek.
To her shock, heat seared her skin, and she had to force herself to breathe normally. Still, she did exactly what she always had, making a show of scrubbing at her cheek with her sleeve, wrinkling her nose in disgust. “Ugh—must you insist on accosting me?”
Her tone was as light as always, his expression every bit as teasing. It was a scene they had engaged in for years. So why, oh why did she feel as though she was meeting him for the first time?
“Off you go, Ellie. No sense risking trouble merely to bask in the glory of my company a few moments longer.”
She’d do very well to remember that.


Despite being an avid reader and closet writer her whole life, Erin Knightley decided to pursue a sensible career in science. It was only after earning her B.S. and working in the field for years that she realized doing the sensible thing wasn't any fun at all. Following her dreams, Erin left her practical side behind and now spends her days writing, her mind happily in the Regency period as she types away on her very modern laptop. Together with her tall, dark, and handsome husband and their three spoiled mutts, she is living her own Happily Ever After in North Carolina.

The Haberdashers
In 1805 three little girls decided to create a "boys club" because boys have more fun. Their childhood was filled with sword fighting, horse racing, and archery. Now in 1815 they are all grown up and expected to join Society. Who will marry such independent and deadly misses?

Athena’s Ordeal (The Haberdashers Book Two)
The Duke of Beloin mistakes a Viscount's daughter for a fallen woman, an error he can hardly afford while trying to divine which of his enemies is blackmailing him.

Sabrina "Sabre" Bittlesworth has practiced the sword since she was eight years old, so when a mysterious visitor in her brother's house offers to make her his mistress she challenges him to a duel, even after she finds out he's a duke.

Quincy Telford, Duke of Beloin, has hated Viscount Bittlesworth as long as he can remember. Now the man's daughter is constantly in his path. Can he escape her temptation and avoid peril in the increasingly dangerous game of cat and mouse he is playing with his blackmailer?
A lock of her hair had come free from its pins and curled down along her jaw. He smoothed it back over her ear. As he watched, her expression changed from mild irritation to speculation, and then to a wicked delight.
"What?" he asked.
"It just occurred to me that I have the high ground. A strategically superior position."
Quince ran his thumb over her jaw. "Really? And what do you plan to do with that?"
"Conquer," she whispered before lowering to cover his mouth with her own.
Sabre could feel her own heartbeat increase as she leaned down to kiss the duke. When she pressed her lips to his she felt him tense. He gripped her arms and for a moment she was afraid he was going to push her away. Then he relaxed and pulled her closer. Their lips slid and clung in a dance similar in tempo to their duel. Sabre's skin flushed and her breathing became uneven. She had been kissed many times, but never to this effect. She had made a study of kissing, actually. It had started when she was six years old and convinced one of the stable lads to teach her. He had been only eight and more than happy to comply. She had continued this tutelage with the local boys until her mother found out when she was ten. It had led to the most severe punishments she had ever known in her life, followed by years of lectures about her Reputation. And how her Reputation could be Compromised. But Sabre was nothing if not determined and had resumed her education on kissing as soon as she began to attend dances. All of that effort had seemed for naught now. This was the man she was meant to kiss. No one else had ever made her feel like this.
Lying on his chest she threaded her fingers into his tousled hair and heard him moan low in his throat. His arms circled her and his hand fastened at the nape of her neck, holding her close. They deepened the kiss, mouths open and searching. Even this didn't seem enough and she found herself overwhelmed with a desperate hunger. He moved his hands to the sides of her face and gently held her still while pulling his own mouth away. She heard herself huff in protest.
His breathing was as labored as her own. "A moment, please," he said between gasps.
She nodded and, once he released her, nuzzled her face into his neck. His pulse was speeding in his veins, further testament that she wasn't the only one affected. He put his arms around her again, stroking her back. Lower, she could feel his manhood jutting against her thigh. Some of the serving girls back home had been willing to tell her about what happened between a man and a woman. Opinions seemed to vary on how enjoyable the act was, and before now Sabre had wondered how it could be quite as transcendent as some girls as had described it. But that had been before his kiss. Before being pressed up against him in an intimate embrace. The only thing she wanted was to be closer to him. To feel his skin under her hands. She started to unbutton his shirt but by the second button he had captured her hand.
"Sabrina," he said in a chiding tone. But he moved her captured hand to his mouth and kissed her fingertips, her palm, her wrist.
"Quince," she responded in a whisper, kissing his throat where his pulse still beat fast and steady.
"This is--" he paused to kiss her palm again, sending shivers through her. "Unwise."
"Is it?" she asked.
"Most unwise," he assured her before gripping her arms and pulling her up for another kiss.
The friction of sliding against him made her skin tingle. And then his kiss… Where their first kiss had quickly led to a driving hunger, this time it was sweet, dreamy. Sacred. She felt she could go on kissing him like this for hours. Forever.


Doodlist, scribbler, thinker, planner, and all around fun chick.
What her fans are saying: 

“…a wit so sharp it should have a warning label…” ~ Dusk Pennington

Sue London began writing short stories about horses and teen sleuths when she was seven years old. After that she traveled to distant worlds, fought with swords and sorcerers, and played with a few undead things. As you might have expected, this means she went into accountancy. Well, maybe that was an odd plot twist, but that’s the difference between real life and fiction – fiction has to make sense.

In her twenties she developed a deep affection for romance, especially enjoying the work of Nora Roberts, Mary Balogh and, most recently, Lauren Royal, Danelle Harmon, and Diane Farr. You can thank those authors for leading a sci-fi tomboy into writing historical romances set in the Regency period.

Keep up with Sue and the Haberdashers on these websites:
Sue on Twitter: http://twitter.com/cmdrsue
Haberdashers on Twitter: http://twitter.com/haberdashersfic
Sue’s author website: http://bysuelondon.wordpress.com
Haberdashers website: http://haberdashersfic.blogspot.com
For more on Sue you can check out her Sueniverse or be her fan on Facebook.

The Harris List of Covent Garden Ladies, that wickedly witty annual register of the city's lightskirts, was once a London tradition. Now, as all of Europe celebrates the end of the long wars, the scheming Lord Marstoke has revived it--and transformed it into a weapon.

A List no respectable lady wishes to be on . . . 

Miss Brynne Wilmott doesn't belong on the soon-to-be-published List of London's prostitues, but she escaped the monstrous Marstoke once, with the inadvertent aide of Nathan Russell, the Duke of Aldmere, and now the marquess has revived the List as an act of revenge--and to destroy her future and those who helped her. 

The Request a certain Duke has no wish to hear . . . 

The Duke of Aldmere doesn't believe in meddling. Fate has proved that interfering in personal matters only leads to bigger trouble. He has no wish to involve himself in Brynne Wilmott's affairs, despite her spirited beauty and damned tempting mouth. But she's discovered that his brother is mixed up in this List business as well. Reluctantly, they agree to work together to prevent the disastrous publication.

Their quest leads them through some of London's most dangerous haunts and it quickly becomes clear that Marstoke's plans are more twisted and treasonous than anyone has suspected. Yet the danger and intrique are as nothing compared to the effect than Nathan and Brynne have on each other . . .
“Would it surprise you to learn that this is not the first time I’ve been in danger of getting my gut slit?”
She thought for a moment.  “It would.”  She’d imagined his background to be one of titled ease and privilege.  She blinked.  “Wait, is that what’s supposed to make me feel better?”
“It should,” he said with surprise.  “I’m still here, aren’t I?”  She could hear the smile in his voice before he grew serious.  “The first time, I was sixteen.”
She bit her lip.  “So young.”
He sighed.  “I suppose we’ll have to discuss my family after all.  You’ll have heard perhaps that Russell men are prone to gambling—and to all the difficulties associated with its excesses.”
“No.”  The only gossip she’d heard had pertained to his icy reserve and his brother’s good looks.
“It doesn’t infect us all, thank goodness.  In fact, my grandfather spent a lifetime restoring the depleted coffers and estates.  But my uncle, the next duke, lived his life in thrall to the throw of a dice or the stumble of a horse.  It took him only a few short years to see everything a shambles again.”
“And your father?” she asked.  She shifted casually beneath his arm.  She did feel safer here, cocooned in the midst of his strength. 
“My father was the younger son, a scholar and the best of men.  But his brother was badly bitten and their cousin, by all accounts was worse.  When my uncle and parents were lost in a fire, the cousin found himself suddenly and unexpectedly several steps closer to the dukedom.  That’s when he decided to take the biggest gamble of all.”
Brynne frowned.  “What was that?”
“He gambled that he could rid the world of two boys who stood in his way.”  His tone hardened.  “Thank the fates that he started with me.”
She gasped, startling a young woman sitting outside an open doorway.  A sign propped behind her advertised:  Gin.  A penny a pint.  The girl watched the corner ahead.  A crowd had gathered, drawn by an argument between two carters in the street.  Brynne barely glanced their way.  “What happened?”
“He cast out a lure and I grabbed on with both hands.  I suppose that makes it partly my fault.”
“What was the lure?”  She imagined a woman, perhaps.  Something adult and forbidden.
“Freedom,” he breathed.  “A taste of adventure and a chance at an escape.”  His fingers flexed against her shoulder and he pulled her to a halt before they mixed with the lingering spectators.  “I thought it was meant to be a few days worth of independence.  Turned out my cousin meant it to be a permanent vacation.”
It was not the answer she’d expected.  Silently she considered.  They were at two ends of the spectrum when it came to wealth, gender and standing.  How could it possibly be that they both felt trapped?
She looked the long way up to meet his gaze.  “How did you escape?”
He squeezed her arm.  “A friend helped.”
She hesitated.  If their positions were reversed, she wouldn’t want him to ask.  But curiosity had got a hold of her.  And a much-needed sense of empowerment.  So she asked.  “A friend in a bottle green coat?”
He stilled.  “Yes.”
But Brynne froze as well—for the briefest moment as she caught a flash of movement behind him.  There.  It came again.  
Her eyes widened, and abruptly, deliberately, she loosened her stance and slid out from under his arm.  She lowered her shoulders and looked up at him again.  Coyly, this time and through her lashes.  “Turn toward me,” she said, allowing one side of her mouth to twist up into a smile.
“What?”
“Just do it.  Now.”  The crowd at the corner had grown larger.  It shifted and surged as one of the carters threw down his whip in challenge.  Aldmere was jostled and Brynne took advantage of the fact to pull him closer to her and a few steps away from the stragglers in the back of the group.  She slid her hands up against the broad expanse of his chest.  She felt his heart beat, strong and steady, and her own, tripping and stumbling its way to a gallop.
“Now bend down,” she ordered with what she hoped was a sultry glance.
Apparently not.  The duke was staring at her as if her wits had gone begging.
“Bend down,” she insisted, slipping her hands inside his coat.  “You’ve become a target, and I don’t believe it’s random.”  Lord, but he was warm.  Her fingers skimmed the heat and hardness of him, up and over his shoulders, then down to circle around to his broad back.  “Act as if you were going to kiss me.”
She saw the moment he understood.  Felt it beneath her fingers.  His eyes flicked around them and then fastened on her face.
That look cleaved her in two.  Part of her caught, held in thrall as his eyes darkened and her breath grew short.  The other part strained to catch what was happening behind him, struggled to ascertain the most precise timing.
Movement again, sly and quick.  She tensed and grabbed his shirt, forcing him lower.  “Good heavens, your Grace, is it such a hardship?” she hissed.  “Just kiss me, damn you.”
His head lowered, even as he laughed.  But the atmosphere quickly charged.  So easily he captured her with his darkening gaze, she had to struggle not to be consumed.  Their eyes locked, they fought a silent battle of wills—and then he was kissing her.  
Not hovering, not about to be or pretending to be—he captured her completely with just the touch of his mouth.  Pressed his lips to hers with a firmness that tasted of conspiracy and suspense and perhaps just a bit of amusement.  
She went rigid.  It was too much.  She was overwhelmed.  Closeness and heat and the catch of her breath.  Fear and excitement.  And then all at once she gave way.  Nearly entirely.  She shuddered, went soft even in her hard places, and practically melted against him.  
And everything changed.  The taste and flavor and mood of the kiss shifted, intensified.  Aldmere didn’t seem to mind.  He gathered her close and his mouth moved over hers, soothing and easing.  But she didn’t need soothing.  Her life was about her own choices now.  Though it might be for a variety of reasons, this moment—this heated and glorious moment—came by her choice.  She felt strong and competent and courageous, so she kissed him back.  Let loose the hum of desire that had been coursing through her all day.  Asked for the magic that a first kiss deserves.
He responded.  Ran his hands over her back and sent want whispering all along her limbs. It didn’t seem possible that he could get closer, but he did.  And she tasted something else on his lips—something that lifted her heart and made it sing, something that tightened her nipples into needy points.  
Desire.  She wasn’t drowning alone.  He wanted her with the same slippery silver urgency that was coloring her vision.  It was the last thing she saw before she snatched, grabbed and swung away from him, holding on tight.
“Le’ go!”  The howl rose up between them.  “Get off!”
Brynne clapped her other hand around the thin arm she’d caught in the act of lifting the duke’s purse.  It was attached to a hissing, snarling spitfire of a girl.


Deb Marlowe adores History, England and Men in Boots. Clearly she was destined to write Regency Historical Romance.

A Golden Heart Award winner and Rita nominee, Deb grew up in Pennsylvania with her nose in a book. Luckily, she'd read enough romances to recognize the true modern hero she met at a college Halloween party--even though he wore a tuxedo t-shirt instead of breeches and boots. They married, settled in North Carolina and produced two handsome, intelligent and genuinely amusing boys. Though she spends much of her time with her nose in her laptop, for the sake of her family she does occasionally abandon her inner world for the domestic adventure of laundry, dinner and carpool. Despite her sacrifice, not one of the men in her family is yet willing to don breeches or tall boots. She's working on it.

Deb is a Director of the Raleigh/Durham satellite of Lady Jane's Salon.
She blogs at The Lady Scribes http://ladyscribes.blogspot.com/
You can talk books, movies, TV, recipes, kids and more with her
on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/pages/Deb-Marlowe/70397149702
or Twitter https://twitter.com/#!/DebMarlowe 

Educating one's self in the art of love takes time...

Lady Caroline Arabella Starling has been in love with her older brother's best friend, Caldwell, since she was thirteen. Unfortunately, too many things keep getting in the way of proving her love. Her four younger sisters, her mother, her brother, all of society and the man she loves himself. But where there is a will, there is a way, and Caroline is about to redefine not only respectability but true love.
​
Ronan Henry Dearborn, the fourth Marquess of Caldwell, lives to see himself through Caroline's eyes but knows he is leading a life unworthy of her or her dreams. He will do anything to keep her from learning the truth about himself and his past, including keeping her at a distance. But when he and Caroline get tangled in a situation neither of them can get out of, the only way to create a happily-ever-after between them is to take up the advice of a French courtesan who re-educates them both in the art of love.
Caroline stared longingly at him. 
Black, thigh-hugging trousers tapered narrowly down the length of his long, muscled legs toward a pair of polished, black lacquered shoes. His black evening coat was expensive and emphasized his broad shoulders beautifully and his starched white cravat was knotted and arranged meticulously, as always. He looked like a flawless gentlemen who owned the world as opposed to the humble gentlemen who she knew struggled to survive.
To those who didn’t truly know him, including her own brother, Caldwell exuded a rakish persona. He had played that role with her for many years until that day in the receiving room three years earlier when he gave her his coin for safekeeping and unveiled a man who struggled to keep his head high. From that moment, she had cherished knowing he had finally shared who he really was.    
She swallowed as he excused himself from his conversation with her brother and the group he was with. Glancing toward her, he jerked to a halt and stared.
Her heartbeat throbbed in her ears. Had he truly asked to see her in the alcove? 
He smoothed his cravat against his throat and slowly inclined his head toward her, intently holding her gaze with his smoky dark eyes.
Was it possible that he…?
Averting his gaze, he quickly wove his way out of the crowds in the opposite direction from where she stood and disappeared into the corridor outside of the ballroom, into the gallery and beyond. 
Toward the direction of the alcoves that were all out of sight.
Her heart almost flopped to the floor knowing the message had been authentic. He was waiting for her. Heaven on high.
Quickly rounding a couple in her way, Caroline veered in close to her mother and tried to remain calm. “Might I speak with you for a moment?”
Her mother turned away from the direction of the dance floor she was watching, her features brightening at seeing her. “Of course, dear. What is it?”
Caroline lowered her voice. “Caldwell asked that I join him for a small while in one of the alcoves well outside of the ballroom. Might I?”
Her mother’s green eyes sharpened as she brought her fan up to her lips, to cover their conversation. “People will talk.”
“I won’t be gone long. Nor will I let anyone see us together. I promise.”
Her mother sighed. “Ten minutes. Anything more and I will hunt you down.”
Caroline gave her mother a gushing smile. “Thank you, Mama.” She bustled past her and everyone else, no longer caring about formalities.   
This was her night. She could feel it.
Curving around several couples, she wove toward the very back of the ballroom and out into the vast, candlelit corridor. She paused, spying Caldwell striding toward the end of the corridor. He slipped behind a red velvet curtain leading into one of several secluded alcoves. 
It rustled into place as if he had never been. 
Glancing around, to ensure no one was watching, and noting that there were no footmen positioned against any of the walls, she hurried down the corridor. Toward the alcove Ronan had disappeared into. She paused one last time to confirm she was indeed alone and let out a breath. Pulling aside the heavy curtain just enough to slip through, she quickly disappeared inside, letting it fall closed, and edged into the small space leading to a row of French windows that reflected the moonless dark night beyond. 
Seeing Caldwell leaning against the brocaded wall alone, she veered in close to that tall, muscled body. “And I thought you were avoiding me. How are you?”
His lips parted as his startled dark-brown eyes captured hers. “Caroline.”  
She grinned, trying not to be too nervous. “Regrettably, I only have ten minutes.”
He stared and rasped, “Ten minutes for what?”
Her grin faded and her face now simmered and gave way to prickling heat, knowing full well what he meant. “For conversation,” she blurted.  Or a kiss.
“Conversation?” He glanced at the closed curtain, adjusting his coat around his large frame again. “Why are you here?”
She blinked rapidly. “Uh…I…because you asked me to be, didn’t you?” 
He swung back toward her, his dark searching her eyes. “Oh. Yes. Yes, I did.”
She sensed he was ruffled. “Is something wrong?”
“Why would something be wrong?”
“I don’t know. You’re acting very strange.” She hesitated and knew she had to ask about the lady with the crescent-shaped scar and the locket. “Who was the lady you sent over to speak to me? The one with the small scar above her brow. She was very beautiful.”
He shifted his jaw and eventually offered, “Yes. She is. I’ve uh…I’ve known her for some time now.”
“Oh. For some reason she didn’t introduce herself. Who is she?”
He adjusted the sleeves on his coat. “A friend of mine.”
Caroline quirked a brow. A friend? He had never mentioned this woman in any of the letters they had exchanged prior to this moment. “And does this friend of yours have a name?”
He shoved both hands into pockets, hooking his thumbs out. “Lady Danbury.”
Caroline paused. She knew that name. Her mother had once mentioned a tragedy relating to the Danbury name. A young boy who had tragically died in his own home. In the Danbury home. Years and years ago. “Didn’t her brother die in some sort of an accident? Wasn’t he young?”
He half-nodded. “Yes. His name was Harris. She never talks about what happened to him, but she uh…she always carries a portrait of him in a locket.”
The locket. The gold locket around her neck. Caroline brought a hand to her throat at the thought of it. “I can’t even imagine losing any of my siblings. I don’t think I would be able to survive it.”
“Fortunately for me,” he murmured, “I don’t have any siblings to worry about.”
They eyed each other in glum silence.
She had certainly poisoned the mood of what little precious time they had together. How on earth did one move on from a conversation about a dead boy? One didn’t. Caroline bit her lip and awkwardly arranged her skirts.
He watched her intently, skimming her appearance, but still said nothing.
Knowing she had to break the cumbersome stillness she had unintentionally created, she leaned in toward him and asked, “So why did you want to see me? What did you want to talk about?” 
He bumped back against the wall, wedging his hands behind his back. “Don’t lean in so close, Caroline. It really isn’t necessary.”
She tightened her hold on the fan dangling from her wrist, sensing he was panicked by her presence. “I’m sorry.”
Silence pulsed between them again.
He lingered but now wouldn’t meet her gaze.
It was obvious this wasn’t going anywhere. She honestly didn’t know what to make of it. It was like he wanted to be with her but…didn’t. She set a trembling hand to her stomacher knowing it. “I should probably go,” she murmured, trying to hide her disappointment. “Before anyone notices I’m gone.” Knowing she ought to say more about the awkwardness between them, she added, “It’s all right to be nervous. I’m nervous, too. I feel much has changed between us since we have been apart, but please don’t pretend like we’re strangers. Because we aren’t. We have shared too much to ever be that. Or at least…I hope.” She nodded and slowly turned toward the curtain to leave.
His gloved hand jumped out and grabbed her arm, whirling her back to him. 
Her breath hitched as he yanked her against himself. “Caroline,” he rasped.
She swallowed, fully aware that all six feet of him was against all five feet and four inches of her. This was it. Her kiss. Her first kiss. “Yes?”
His rugged features wavered. 
She held his gaze, waiting. 
His gloved hands trailed up the length of her bare arms. “I’m sorry I…” He paused, as if realizing he was touching her. 
She didn’t know how her legs were even able to hold her up against that touch and the weight of her gown. She leaned against him, placing her hands on the tense bulk of his biceps and wanted so much to dig her soul into his soul. “Hold me. Please hold me. Just once.” 
A breath escaped him. His muscled arms jumped around her entirely and brought her savagely closer against the heated scent of shaving cream and soap that drifted from his face and evening coat. His hands unyieldingly dug into her back as if he wanted so much more but was fighting against it. Lowering his large frame and his head down toward her, he buried his entire face into the curve of her neck, the stubble of his chin grazing her skin. 
She almost staggered against him in bliss, the heat of his large frame sinking into her body. She could hardly breathe knowing he was holding her and touching her. 
He dragged large hands rigidly up her back and down again, grazing the hooks on her gown with several fingers. His chest rose and fell against her own. “You still smell the same,” he murmured against her skin. “Like nutmeg.”
Her pulse quickened. She had never realized she smelled like anything but soap. Maybe it was time to wear the powder and perfume her mother kept insisting on.
The warmth of his breath fanned her throat in uneven takes. Still buried in the curve of her neck, his full lips slowly, slowly dragged leaving a moist trail that cooled against the fire of her skin. The tip of his hot tongue suddenly slid across her skin just above her necklace, causing her to sway. His fingers trailed the hooks on the back of her gown, down toward the fastening of her skirts, just at the curve of her bum.
Her cheeks grew unbearably hot and her thoughts too muddled to see reason, yet she still managed to tilt her lips toward his shaven face and that masculine mouth and tongue that was sensually making its way back up her throat.
She was ready for their soul connection. So ready. “Kiss me,” she breathed out. 
As if her voice had startled him, he lifted his head from the curve of her shoulder and stared down at her with a tight jaw, his fingers still digging into her corseted waist. His chest notably rose and fell against his embroidered waistcoat. 
He instantly released her waist, breaking their heated embrace and swiped his flushed face with a gloved hand, before saying in an even, husky tone that penetrated the small space of the alcove, “We shouldn’t be doing this.” He edged toward the curtain. “We should leave. I’m sorry that I…that I did that. I’ll uh…I’ll leave. I ask that you wait before you follow me out. So no one sees us together. Good-night, Caroline.” Without meeting her gaze, he disappeared behind the curtain, leaving her alone.
Caroline fell against the wall beside the window, unable to hold herself straight. She almost slid down the wall in a hazy bliss. That was only an embrace. A kiss would no doubt shatter every last one of her bones. “You pierce my soul,” she whispered, reciting Persuasion, which she had read more times than she had lived years. “I am half agony, half hope.” 
And hope, while dangerous to any heart foolish enough to believe in something too big to happen, was what carried her forward and onward through any doubt. She did know one thing. That embrace revealed that Caldwell was struggling to understand what they shared.
Which meant…it was up to her to help him understand it.


When Delilah Marvelle isn't writing, she's digging through inappropriate historical research books that makes even her husband blush. She is the winner of the Reviewer's Choice for Best Sensual Historical Romance of the Year and had Booklist name her historical romance 'Forever and a Day' one of the TOP 10 Romance of 2012. She lives with her husband and two children in Portland, Oregon and loves spending her time hiking through the mountains with her family in Central Oregon. You can visit her at her website at www.DelilahMarvelle.com

One title to change his life...

A disgraced son with a dark reputation, William “Ferguson” Avenel is content to live in exile – until his father dies in the scandal of the Season. With rumors of insanity swirling around them, his sisters desperately need a chaperone. Ferguson thinks he’s found the most proper woman in England – and he won’t ruin her, even if he secretly desires the passionate woman trapped beneath a spinster’s cap.

One chance to break the rules...

Lady Madeleine Vaillant can’t face her blighted future without making one glorious memory for herself. In disguise, on a London stage, she finds all the adoration she never felt from the ton. But when she’s nearly recognized, she will do anything to hide her identity – even setting up her actress persona as Ferguson’s mistress. She’ll take the pleasure he offers, but Madeleine won’t lose her heart in the bargain.

One season to fall in love...

Every stolen kiss could lead to discovery, and Ferguson’s old enemies are determined to ruin them both. But as their dangerous passion ignites their hearts and threatens their futures, how can an heiress who dreams of freedom deny the duke who demands her love?
He had looked notorious the night before, striding through the ballroom with his devil-may-care smile.
Tonight, dressed in stark black and holding her against him, he looked powerful and notorious. His icy blue eyes saw straight through her makeup and his sculpted jaw clenched as he looked her over.
But where a gentleman would have apologized profusely to a lady of her birth and set her on her feet, he kept his grip on her arms. “Madame Guerrier, it was an honor to see you perform.”
His silky voice stole her breath away. He hadn’t recognized her — unless he was toying with her. “Merci, your grace,” she said, keeping her voice low and heightening the French accent she used at the theatre.
He arched a single brow. “I did not know we were acquainted. Surely I would remember being introduced to one such as you.”
It was a fatal slip. If she was the actress she claimed to be, she would never have seen him before. “Of course not, your grace. Madame Legrand said a red-haired duke was in attendance. I merely guessed you to be the duke.”
He still looked at her with those disturbingly perceptive eyes. “I do hope I haven’t inconvenienced you, but I must ask you a question of a rather... delicate nature. Shall I accompany you to your carriage?”
This was the second time in twenty-four hours that he wanted to ask her a question, but she had no illusions this time. He knew who she was. She was certain he knew — the way he looked at her, as though assessing a target; how his hands gripped her, as though she might run. She would be ruined, and by a man whose own reputation was hardly spotless. The only question was whether he would ruin her with a clean cut direct — or demand something to buy his silence. The shiver that went through her on that thought didn’t feel much like fear, but she refused to consider what it might be instead.
She dug deep, ready to brazen it out. “You may not escort me to my carriage. My mother does not permit me to associate with strange men.” She nodded in the direction of Josephine, who closed her mouth and attempted to look dignified.
“Your mother?” Ferguson asked. He was understandably skeptical, since Josephine was nearly six inches shorter than Madeleine and dressed in plain, serviceable grey. “And what of Monsieur Guerrier?”
“Sadly, he left me alone in the world,” she said, sniffing as though the memory of her nonexistent husband still caused her pain.
“A pity, I am sure,” he said, a predatory smile playing on his lips.
She swatted his arm and tried again to pull away. “It was a tragedy. Now if you will excuse me, I really must be home before the hour grows any later.”
He smoothly turned her, taking her arm as though they were a couple on promenade. She could feel the taut muscles trapping her against him — and was reminded that this was not a weak lordling, but a man used to having his way. “My dear Madame Guerrier... what is your Christian name?”
The question caught her off guard. “Marguerite,” she said, maintaining her fake identity despite the slamming of her heart against her ribs.
“Marguerite,” he said, the word rolling over his tongue as though he could seduce her just with the sound of it. “Marguerite, I can hardly hope you will give me the answer I want to hear — but tell me, have you taken a protector?”
She stopped in her tracks. Of all the questions she thought he might ask her — why she was in disguise, how she could act in such a place, what she would do to stop him from ruining her — she didn’t expect this. “How can you ask such a thing?”
“This is surely not the first time a man has asked you?”
She waved a hand in the air, pretending she had been offered for many times before. “The ton would expect you to do better than an unknown actress from Seven Dials.”
He laughed. “All mistresses start somewhere, darling. But I must confess I have little use for the ton, nor it for me.”
He said it lightly, but Madeleine caught a glimpse of the lost boy beneath his polished masculinity. He almost sounded lonely.
Rather how she often felt herself.
So even though she should have run shrieking from him, that flash of sympathy made her soften the blow. “It is too soon to speak of such things, your grace.”
“I have not taken a mistress in years, nor have I ever offered for one without having a single conversation. But you are too lovely and too talented to miss. It is not just likely that you will become someone’s mistress — it is inevitable.”
She narrowed her eyes at him. “If you think so little of my virtue, then I must bid you good evening.”
“Your virtue is something you wish to protect?”
“It is,” Madeleine said. If there was a tremor in her voice, it was from indignation at the way his hand forced her chin up to look into his face, not from the pleasure she got from his touch.
He held her there for an endless minute. She couldn’t see him properly in the dark, but felt everything in his gaze — attraction, annoyance, a devilish sense of humor, an autocratic need to be obeyed. But it was the heat lurking underneath that made her nervous — and set off a matching heat as she blushed under his assessing eyes.
Finally, he released her. She might have fallen from relief if her knees weren’t locked in place. “Madame Guerrier, you have my apologies. I should not have assumed you were like every other actress in London. Your virtue is as superlative as your talent.”
She inclined her head, accepting his apology.
Then he stepped closer. “But in case you do not realize what you are denying...”
He pulled her into his arms, brushing a light kiss across her lips. The feel of his hands was like the satin and steel of a corset as they wrapped around her, sensuous and unforgiving. The surprising heat of his mouth on hers made her gasp. Her shoes, higher than she normally wore, unbalanced her, and she leaned into him without thinking. As his kiss grew more insistent, she felt herself melting. This was the kind of kiss she imagined, the kind that made every other man fade into nothingness. Her dream the night before had not prepared her for the reality of Ferguson’s touch, hot and hungry for her. She might have even kissed him back...
But then Josephine shrieked in outrage and clouted him on the back with her valise. The force of the blow pushed him against her for one moment before he caught himself and set her back on her feet with a laugh.
“Very well, madame, I shall not attempt to seduce your daughter... tonight,” he said, winking at Madeleine.
He let her pull away from him, although she still felt warm and trembly from the need that overrode her caution. “Perhaps I shall seek you out and ask for your company again,” he said. Then he picked up her hand and brought it to his lips. “Or perhaps we will find a more pleasurable method of persuasion.”
She shivered under his touch as the implication of his words washed through her. “I really mustn’t.”
He handed her up into the carriage. “Then I live in hope that you will change your mind.”
It was a pretty phrase, but his eyes still looked hot and demanding as he stepped away from the coach. He helped Josephine into the coach as well, even though she glared at him like a revolutionary sizing up an aristocrat’s neck for the guillotine. Then he tipped his hat to Madeleine. “Until your next performance, Madame Guerrier.”
He shut the door and Madeleine collapsed into the seat. She would be ruined. Whether caught by her family, recognized on the stage, or found out by the Duke of Rothwell, she couldn’t keep the sterling reputation her years as a spinster had gained her.
Ferguson’s gaze, the feel of his lips, the heat of his arms around her — she still felt it all, like a brand on her skin. She shifted in her seat as that tiny kernel of desire within her eased some of her fear. If her ruin was inevitable, she suspected that ruin at Ferguson’s hands would be the most pleasurable alternative.
Josephine handed her a fan from the depths of her valise. “You must not let yourself be overset, ma petite,” she said, even though she sounded overset herself.
Madeleine cooled herself with the fan, trying to calm her nerves. Ferguson had made an outrageous proposal — but he did not seem to know who she was, and she must keep him from guessing. She would go to every social event her theatre schedule would permit and sit primly with the other ape-leaders. She would also fulfill her duties as the twins’ chaperone, but would only call on them when Ferguson was too occupied to stumble upon her.
She might prefer the duke’s touch to a more garden-variety scandal — but she was much too smart to seek it out.


Sara Ramsey writes fun, feisty Regency historical romances. She won the prestigious 2009 Romance Writers of America Golden Heart award with her second book,Scotsmen Prefer Blondes. Her first book, Heiress Without A Cause, was a 2011 Golden Heart finalist.

Sara grew up in a small town in Iowa, and her obsession with fashion, shoes, and all things British is clearly a rebellion against her hopelessly uncool youth. She graduated from Stanford University in 2003 with a degree in Symbolic Systems (also known as cognitive science) and a minor in history. She is currently living the hip romance writer life in San Francisco, California.

Even the most ruthless of rogues live by their own code of honor, and for Alexander Everett, the wicked Duke of Kelfield, his includes not seducing the ward of his oldest and dearest friend. However for a man who is accustomed to getting what he wants, the lure of the forbidden fruit is enough to drive him wild. When he finds himself under the same roof as the enchanting Olivia Danbury at a summer house party, he discovers the temptation of the lady is more than he can resist. ﻿ 

Olivia, on the other hand, has the rest of her life all mapped out. When her fiancé returns from the Peninsular Wars, they’ll get married, settle down in the country, start a family, and live happily ever after. The sinfully sexy Duke of Kelfield was not in her plans. But when she stumbles headlong into a compromising position with the passionate duke, her carefully constructed life quickly begins to unravel. In no time, Olivia must choose between the life she’s always planned and everything she never knew she wanted.
In the reflection of the candlelight, Olivia’s eyes danced as she spoke of her childhood. Games that she, the Avery children, and that damned Philip Moore had played together. She was enchanting. There was a little lilt to her voice as she spoke about her past, and the dimple in her left cheek was more pronounced. 
Alex longed to brush his hand across her cheek, taste that dimple with his tongue. The longer he sat with her, the more certain he was that she would make him a splendid duchess in so many ways. 
This wasn’t the path he’d ever supposed he would take, forced into marriage, but since circumstances had conspired against him, he was very fortunate Olivia had been the one hiding in his wardrobe and not one of her silly friends. Life with any of the others would have been unbearable, but with Olivia…well, with her he was looking forward to their future.
As she relaxed and opened up, time flew by. He learned all sorts of things about his future bride. She enjoyed the pianoforte, but was abysmal with watercolors—or so her childhood governess had informed her. She did reasonably well with history, but was not terribly proficient with a needle and thread. “All thumbs,” she’d said. She loved horses, but was afraid of dogs. “I was simply terrified,” she confessed. “If Philip hadn’t been there, I’m certain the hound would have torn me to shreds—” 
A look of devotion crossed her face as she spoke of Philip Moore, and Alex felt a stab of jealousy. Damn the man for knowing her as a child. It wasn’t fair to the rest of the population as a whole or to him individually.
“The thing was rabid,” she went on to explain, “and it had to be put down. And I know it’s silly, but I’ve never conquered my fear of dogs since. It is the one thing that makes life at Staveley House difficult.”
That’s right. Staveley’s son had a small beagle. Whenever Alex would visit, the blasted dog would try to make a snack of his boots. “Nelson?” he asked.
She nodded her head. “I know he’s just a little fellow, and it is silly. I know it is. But that dog absolutely terrifies me.”
Alex made a note to keep every hound he owned locked securely in his kennels. In his home, she’d fear nothing and he’d always keep her safe. Major Moore’s services were not needed.
Olivia covered a yawn with her delicate hand. “Alex, it is very late. May I please return to my room?”
He rose and offered her his hand. When she touched him, desire shot straight to his groin. He was even more enchanted with Olivia Danbury than he had been when the evening began. “Indeed. It is late.”
He led her towards the door and then stopped. He’d meant only to learn about her this evening, but now he needed a kiss. Just one, to make his dreams bearable. Alex, slid his arm around Olivia’s waist and anchored her to him, holding her lithe body pressed against his. “Has the esteemed Major Moore ever kissed you, sweetheart?” he whispered.
Surprise reflected in her hazel eyes, then she shook her head, pushing gently at his chest. “That’s not really your concern, Alex.”
“Has he?” 
Olivia met his eyes and then nodded. “Of course.”
“And was it good?” he asked softly, though he knew she could hear him clearly.
“I-I,” she stammered, swallowing nervously.
“Did his kiss make your toes curl, Olivia? Did it make you ache for his touch? Or was it a very chaste kiss from a very chaste man?” 
Even in the darkened room, Alex could see a blush creep up her lovely neck. “I think,” he whispered across her lips, “that before you marry Moore or anyone else, you should be properly kissed at least once.”
Then he slowly pressed his lips to hers. She trembled in his arms, and Alex silently celebrated when a soft moan escaped her throat. He nibbled at her bottom lip, coaxing her to open for him. When she did, his tongue slid inside the heaven of her mouth, flicking against her tongue. 
She tasted better than he’d imagined, like sweet wine and innocence. Her soft lilac scent tickled at his nose, and he was lost to her.
When she moaned a little louder, more urgently, her hands slid up his chest, searing him until they settled on his shoulders. Alex deepened his kiss, hoping to assuage the need she stoked in him, wanting to breathe her in and never let her go. He splayed his hand across her back, molding her against him, and when her tongue softly touched his bottom lip, he thought his cock would burst right out of his trousers.
Olivia twirled the hair at the base of his neck around her finger, panting as Alex delved back inside her mouth. He could take her now, make her his in every way. But he’d told her that her virtue would be safe, at least for tonight. However, she’d be a lot easier to walk away from if her tongue didn’t dance so seductively with his. 
Alex moved his hands to her shoulders and eased her away from him. Her eyes flickered open and she stared at him in complete shock, which did quite a nice thing for his confidence. He smiled and caressed her bottom lip with the pad of his finger. “I don’t think I can let you marry Major Moore, sweetheart.”
She stumbled backwards and shook her head. “This…I…i-it was a mistake.”
But it didn’t feel like a mistake, not to either of them—he could see it in her eyes. Alex took a step towards her, but she backed away, shaking her head. “Stay where you are.” Then she edged towards the door, turned the knob, and bolted.
It was for the best. For now, anyway. He was going to marry the girl. Despite her eager kiss, it was obvious that she was innocent. Alex planned to keep her that way until their wedding night. He could only go so far until then, or at least until she agreed to marry him—his resolve was only so strong where she was concerned.
He turned back to his bed and smiled. There on his pillow was her discarded, frilly pink robe that she’d thrown at him. Alex brought the soft silk wrapper up to his nose and inhaled. Lilacs. He closed his eyes and smiled to himself. 


The author of several Regency Noir Romances, Ava Stone first fell in love with Mr. Darcy, Jane Austen and Regency England at the age of twelve. And in the years since, that love has never diminished. If she isn't writing Regency Era romance, she can be found reading it. ﻿ 

Her bestselling Scandalous Series is filled with witty humor and centers around the friends and family of the Machiavellian-like Lady Staveley, exploring deep themes but with a light touch. A single mother, Ava lives outside Raleigh NC, but she travels extensively, always looking for inspiration for new stories and characters in the various locales she visits. ﻿

Ava can be found regularly at Lady Scribes and at Lady Jane's Salon Raleigh-Durham, where she is one of the salon's directors.
For More Information and Links to Purchase the Full Books:

Darcy Burke
Jane Charles
Claudia Dain
Catherine Gayle
Rose Gordon
Samantha Grace
Julie Johnstone
Jerrica Knight-Catania
Erin Knightley
Sue London
Deb Marlowe
Delilah Marvelle
Sara Ramsey
Ava Stone
