Naked Hero
Book One – The Journey Away
By
J. K. Brighton
Copyright J. K. Brighton, 2013
Published by Firm Hand Books at Smashwords
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Please note: this is a work of fiction. Names, characters and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
 Author’s Note
Naked Hero is the story of Lewis Macleod’s search for the elusive perfect man as he battles with the adversities of life. Told in two parts, the first ‘The Journey Away’ is set in Melbourne and Sydney during the Australian Open tennis tournament where Lewis is competing as the only openly gay man in the sport. It was originally released as an experimental piece of work under the title ‘Man in the Box’ and is now offered as a rewritten polished novel.


Prologue
Would this be the best day?
There could be no question about it as far as Lewis was concerned. It would easily win the award. Even before the morning had properly started, the boy knew this simple fact for sure. And it was coming out of the blue as a massive surprise, what with the one-sided shouting match that had gone on the previous evening.
Noise! Noise! Lewis hated the noise: his mother berating; his father placating and only raising his voice if she targeted their son. Lewis loathed the high pitched yelling that made his head spin, and the hysterical ranting that made his stomach squirm. But most of all he detested the bigoted raving that all too frequently flavoured the mania - opinions that sometimes cut him to the bone, for mysterious reasons he was too young to understand. Alone in his bed, with her screams in his head, he wondered why parents had to come in arguing pairs. One was enough as far as Lewis was concerned. It was a view that would backfire and return to haunt him – haunt him into adulthood like a malevolent curse.
After all the fracas, Lewis had fully expected to be packing up and leaving - leaving early, like they always seemed to do. His mum twittering on about a Gaelic language she couldn’t understand, and a Protestant religion that was not to her taste. But why care about any of that when you’re only eight years old – when there’s an island to explore with mysteries to be found, unspoiled beaches waiting for castles to be built on them, and Loch Roag down the road where the otters swam and played? The place was a kid’s paradise compared to their new home in the East End of Glasgow, where understanding the language was a challenge at the best of times, and religion was mainly practised in a place called Celtic Park, the faithful fervently praying for a winning goal, particularly if it was arch-rival Rangers who were the visiting side.
He’d waited on the announcement over breakfast, when porridge was determinedly wafted under his nose and firmly refused like it always was. Would his mother never get the message that he couldn’t abide the stuff – sweeten it with honey or whatever you like, but it was still a disgusting gruel! A bowl of cornflakes was much more to Lewis’s taste, followed by a soft roll with square sausage inside it and a generous dollop of spicy brown sauce mingling with the melting butter to form a delicious goo in your mouth. But the bad news never came. Instead she told him that she was off for the day, going to Stornoway with Aunt Maureen. His dad would have the pleasure of taking care of him whilst the women were away.
‘Yes!’ thought Lewis as he discreetly pumped his fist – a mannerism he was learning to perfect. No question about it. This would be the best day by a long, long stretch. You would have to be gormless to doubt it.
They spent most of the time at Dalmore Beach, Lewis mesmerised by the ocean’s power and the ruggedness of the land: cliffs funnelling the already mighty water into thunderous waves crashing onto the sand. Too dangerous to swim in, but it was too cold anyway. It always was in the Hebrides. You didn’t come for the sun and an all-over tan. You came for the rawness, and for a day like today: the best day - when there was nothing else around other than the spectacle of the island whose name that he bore, and the man who had insisted on giving him that name – the one argument that he’d refused to back down on.
They had their lunch sitting on the sand: tea from a flask in a cup that they shared and ham sandwiches made from a pan loaf. Now that was a thing that would never have been allowed, not on any other day - wholemeal was better for you, or so his mother maintained, but it didn’t taste as good to an eight year old boy.
Cradled in strong legs, protected from the wind, Lewis watched the sea as his father told him the tales of the Blue Men who lurked there in wait. They were the storm kelpies who would emerge from the deep in search of boats to sink and sailors to drown. A wee boy had best beware and not run off from his dad, Lewis was warned with a hug. Dangerous waters would have him away and the kelpies would have him for dinner – information he was given with a tea-spilling tickle and tears of laughter in his eyes.
Lewis wasn’t afraid. He wouldn’t run off. Why on earth would he want to do a thing like that? Happy as a lark, Lewis snuggled in closer as another ham sandwich was tackled - the boy pondering the latest lesson he’d been given, digesting as he ate. Life was good at present, as good as it gets – that was the child’s conclusion. But those kelpies could still be a problem, he thought - out there in the sea, waiting - waiting for them to go home in a few days time. 
Perhaps it would be best to stay and not take the chance! Lewis reckoned that that would be a very good plan. Then there would be no school for him to go back to, with its bullies in the playground to be faced and beaten up by – East End Weegies who didn’t like his funny accent, as if they had any right to talk! Nor would there be work to claim his dad during the day, and make him stay out late so Lewis missed a goodnight kiss, which hurt the lad more than any juvenile fist. And then that man, Mr. Murdoch, wouldn’t need to come and see him: come all the way from England, to assess his talent. That last one in particular was a terrifying notion – much scarier than those kelpies and the bullying thugs in the playground. Lewis was afraid that he would fail, and in doing so let his dad down. Then the dream that they shared would come to an end. And dreams can be so important to an eight year old boy when the reality around him is a terrifying scene.
Oh if only those kelpies would sink all the boats then he wouldn’t be put to the test.
Back at the cottage, having been threatened by rain, they settled down at the kitchen table with Lewis’s favourite book - the one that he’d got for Christmas and went everywhere with him. It held all his heroes: those valiant warriors who had fought in white in a famous arena decked in purple and green. He knew all the stories, Lewis could recite them by heart, but he was more than content to hear them again. He could happily sit there all day with his dad, waiting on the moment when time would rush ahead – ahead to a fantasy so graphically painted by the only person who truly believed it. 
Lewis could feel the familiar tingle as the suspense was built. He understood the ritual: heroes first, that was the rule. Pay homage to the past before the dream could commence, for the achievement was too great to make it come easy. But they would get there in the end, of that Lewis was certain. It had to happen. How could it not on this best of days? Time was running out - the holiday would soon end and those kelpies were unlikely to come to the rescue. They would go back to Glasgow and then that man was coming - coming to see Lewis and to tell them the truth, and then they could no longer pretend. 
Pretend?
Suddenly all chance was gone when a sparrow flew into the house - small and plump, a fluttering mass of terror as it bounced from wall to wall, unable to find the wide open door that had proved all too easy to enter through. Their reaction was immediate, both man and boy, covering themselves under arms, cowering, terrified of this small panicked creature that meant them no harm. Still shielding himself, Lewis emulated the demon and took to the air, as his father hoisted him from his chair and carried him outside. 
They stood there at a safe distance, looking at the door, hoping for an exit and a dignified reprieve. For minutes that seemed like hours, they stood silently waiting in vain. Then Lewis asked the question that had been on both their minds.
“What are we going to do?”
“The door’s open. It’ll find its way out.”
“What if it doesn’t? Will we just wait here till Mum gets back, and Aunt Maureen?”
“They could be hours yet. There was mention of a hairdresser’s.”
“My book’s still in there.”
“It’s hardly going to tear it apart. It’s just a wee bird.”
A name had been given to the tormentor and the man felt the trembling at his side. He felt a hand tensing, clutching the fabric around his leg. And then he looked down, held his son’s eyes and saw the fear that sat there. 
‘Where had that come from?’ he wondered. He had never seen it before. The same ornithophobia that he had carried with him for thirty years, and had somehow managed to pass on.
How? Nature or nurture, perhaps a bit of both - he didn’t care a jot, it still came out the same... And what was he supposed to do now? Stand there and underline it all? Teach his son how to be afraid?
No.
He had taught him a lot, and was proud of the results, but that was one lesson that would never be made.
“Come on. As I said, it’s only a wee bird. Took us both by surprise, did it not? It’ll kill itself in there if we don’t get it out soon... and your Aunt Maureen will kill us both if it makes a mess of her house in the process. We’ll go in and chase it out. What do you say?”
“You do it, Dad. I don’t like them.”
The man felt the grip tightened, and a cheek laid against his hip for added effect. There was no faking going on - it was an honest plea. And of course he would do it. He would do anything for his boy. Protect him with his very life. Even go into a house and confront a sparrow - that’s how much he loved him. But fear! That was not something to be ruled by. He had allowed it in himself for far too long. He would not instil such a thing in his son.
“It’s a two man job if you ask me. Grab your beach towel once we’re in there and we’ll try to corner it or force it out the door. Come on! It’s only a wee bird - it can do us no harm.”
“I don’t like them.”
“I’m not asking you to like them. I just want you to help me chase it out the house.”
“Can we not just wait till it flies out by itself?”
“Now come on! That’s not the way I’ve been showing you, is it? You need to make things happen, not just wait and hope for the best. Be brave, my wee Scottish soldier, and help me out here, will you? Do it for your old dad, eh?”
“Aye, all right,” he responded, knowing that there could be no other choice. He would face the ordeal, this ultimate terror, which paled the threat of Mr. Murdoch into a puppy dog to be stroked. And as for those kelpies, they could go hang themselves - only reality would save the day.
Still the best day - by a long, long, stretch, in the company of the perfect man. 

Chapter 1
Joey from Thailand was a sight to behold! With his well developed muscles and chocolate coloured skin that was elaborately inked with an array of tattoos, this exotic young creature made for an arresting spectacle. His remarkable torso was proudly bared above immodest white trunks that looked like they’d been sprayed on him - his only item of clothing other than a pair of tennis shoes. There were platinum rings piercing his nipples and ferocious looking shark’s teeth hanging round his neck, a chunky Rolex adorning his left wrist and an impossibly large diamond sparkling in his right ear - all of which were fake just like the colour of his hair. Joey sported a blood red Mohican that added three inches to his height, which at five foot eight was fairly tall for his type, but not quite as tall as Joey would like as he was the sort of young lad who preferred to stand out in a crowd. Sadly for Joey he was on his own at this moment – a state which he wasn’t particularly fond of. This dazzling figure was hovering at the doorway of a function room in Sydney’s Park Hyatt Hotel, supposedly greeting all the guests as they arrived, but actually waiting for one in particular.
 Lewis saw him from a distance and came to a halt. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, wondering yet again why the hell he was here. It was an insane decision – another in a long line of idiotic moves on his part, and not one that he really wanted to go through with. Yet still he’d turned up in spite of all the advice not to – pig-headed stubbornness and a fickle trick of fate conspiring to bring him when he should have stayed away.
Eyes re-opened and Lewis sighed out the breath. People had spotted him but Joey wasn’t one of them – the Thai being pre-occupied by the poor state of his fingernails which he was inspecting with thoughts to a manicure. The option was there to turn and walk away, but the mulishness in Lewis refused to retreat, and with a shake of his head he boldly stepped forward to the flamboyance that was there.
Alerted by a presence, Joey looked up. A cheesy smile leapt onto his face as he registered the man approaching. Wandering eyes took Lewis in, and liking what they saw made a blatant suggestion. It was politely declined with what looked like a grimace. Poor Joey was devastated for all of two seconds, but he hid it well and got on with the task he’d been set.
“Mr. Macleod, you are most welcome. Please, come,” bid Joey with a wave of his hand, inviting the new arrival to enter. The door was opened and the scantily-dressed Thai escorted Lewis inside. 
They were hit by a wealth of humanity confined. The room was busy with several hundred people – conversation and laughter filled the artificially cooled air. Then with a ripple of awareness that spread like a splash, the noise abated to an even chillier silence as eyes in the vicinity turned and stared. Hardly a surprise given the visual impact Joey was making, but in this instance it wasn’t him that was grabbing the attention.
“I go tell Mr. Collins you have arrived,” said Joey as the guests in the room managed to find their tongues and the hubbub resumed to a different tune.
“If you must,” answered Lewis with an ironic chortle. “But I would imagine he’s already guessed.”
“Then perhaps I get you something to drink, or to eat maybe?” quizzed Joey, keen to be of service in a multitude of ways.
“No thanks. I’ll help myself if that’s alright.”
“Of course,” answered Joey with another cheesy smile to mask his further disappointment. “Enjoy the evening, Mr. Macleod. And if there’s anything you need... anything... then please...” He left it at that. The look of irritation on Lewis’s face made it clear that further pressing would not be welcomed. Perhaps when the event was nearing a close he might try his hand again, but for the time being it was best to back off. 
Leaving Joey at the door, Lewis stepped forward with a mounting sense of unease. Given all that had happened over the past couple of days, the last thing he needed was some kaleidoscopic lad coming on to him - and it had happened within seconds, which hardly bode well. An hour, he resolved. No more than an hour then excuses would be made. A bit of mingling then the dreaded speech – after that he would definitely make a speedy exit. But before facing these ordeals there was something Lewis seriously needed – a stiffener to calm his angst.
There were guys wandering around with what looked like glasses of Champagne, but was more likely to be some type of Australian sparkler. He was partial to a drop of fizz, but Lewis wanted something stronger, and with eagle-eyes plus a dose of intuition he spotted the bar at one end of the room. He battled his way there past the smiling faces and the jovial greetings that were heartily made. Nods were given in return along with throwaway comments: he was glad to be here too; it was a pleasure to attend – words that were as fake as Joey’s diamond earring, but glittered just as brightly. It took all of five minutes, but he eventually won through. There was a spot in the corner that was mercifully quiet, and optimistically Lewis claimed it, hoping that the guests would show some common sense and give him a few minutes of privacy for a change.
“Vodka and tonic please, mate,” he said to the barman as a stool was drawn up and parked on. “Better make it a large one,” he quickly added, feeling the need to throw caution to the wind.
“Sure, Mr. Macleod. It’ll be right up,” the man answered with a friendly sort of expression that actually looked real. 
Lewis watched the barman as he turned to fix the drink, taking the opportunity to admire his fine rear – a habit he could never quite break. Then with a shake of his head where warning bells were ringing, he swivelled round to take in the reception properly for the first time.
‘Should have brought my shades!’ was the immediate reaction. It was a flamboyant affair and no mistake. Joey wasn’t the only one who had made a bit of an effort – a large number of the guests were done up to the nines, giving the impression that Mardi Gras had arrived in Sydney a month early. The men outnumber the women by about three to one, with an age range that was wide but majored in the centre – the thirties and forties being the norm. As a matter of course, Lewis checked out the talent, the warning bells still ringing but being obstinately ignored. A few of the younger guests were certainly of interest to him - fit looking men who on a different occasion might have warranted some serious attention. But it was the hired help who really caught Lewis’s eye: six guys in total, including Joey, all similarly dressed in white trunks and tennis shoes, yet radically different in their physical appearance; each and every one an incredible male specimen. The costumes alone made them stand out in the crowd despite some serious competition, but it was their gym perfected bodies that the skimpy outfits displayed that really made the impact. 
Discreetly examining the eye candy from his corner vantage point, it suddenly struck Lewis that one of these men looked vaguely familiar. He was the tallest of the group, six foot four at a guess, short black hair and pale white skin which was a bit unusual considering they were in Australia at the peak of its blistering summer. Lewis watched his progress around the room, enjoying what he saw. He had a sort of crooked smile, and a set of teeth that would need some work to put right, but in a way it added to his attraction - it made him real, this imperfection. It should have also made him memorable, and annoyingly it did – but for the life of him Lewis couldn’t place the guy.
Puzzled, he turned to the bar where his drink was now waiting. A gulp was downed; then glass in hand he swivelled back to checked out the room again, this time behaving by taking in the décor rather than the men. A sort of monochrome effect was dominating the walls, which counterbalanced quite nicely some of the more outlandish outfits on display elsewhere. He noticed the framed posters on each of the walls leading away from the bar: pictures of various sports men and women, all black and white in keeping with the theme. Billie Jean and Martina were easily recognised – pioneering icons from an earlier era. A few of the others were familiar with names that could be guessed at, but most were unknown to Mr. Macleod. Until his roaming eyes reached the far wall where two much larger spot-lit posters dominated the room - and these two people Lewis knew all too well.
Another swig of his drink was taken as he considered the poster to the left. It was Chantal Duboir, at the ripe old age of twenty-six, holding aloft the Australian Open Trophy which she’d won the year before. It was her first major title, coming five years after her only previous appearance in such a final.
Lewis smiled as he remembered the day. He’d watched the match with a fair amount of trepidation, dreading the onset of nerves that had blighted Duboir’s career, denying her the success that her abundance of talent deserved. But the collapse didn’t happen. She had kept her cool all the way to the end and served the match out to love.
“Cheers, Chantal! God Bless You!” Lewis whispered as he raised his glass in salute.
Having made his toast with the remains of his vodka, Lewis ordered one more, before turning his attention to the other image at the opposite end of the room. He had seen it before, a few times in fact, and had to concede it captured the moment really well... It was of himself, Lewis Macleod, on a gloriously sunny Fourth of July, kissing the Men’s Singles Trophy at Wimbledon.
Chapter 2
Lewis took a sip of his second vodka and allowed the memories to come back. It wasn’t difficult. It was only eighteen months ago after all, and not something he was likely to forget, what with all the fuss that surrounded the achievement, and the celebrity status it immediately bestowed. 
Fame, fortune, and don’t forget notoriety! That last one more than anything was the legacy he earned by coming through the rounds and eventually emerging as ‘The All England Lawn Tennis Club Single Handed Champion of the World’.
Long title! But notoriety went with it?
Too true! It should have been his first name, for notoriety had certainly preceded Lewis Macleod to his first appearance in the main draw at SW19. He’d been to Wimbledon before and made a bit of a splash, but that was as a junior before his fall from grace, getting to the ‘boys’ semi-final where he lost to the eventual winner. A bright future beckoned. Then it appeared to go up in smoke. Well not smoke as it happens – cannabis didn’t feature in the blood sample he gave a few months later. But cocaine was there along with GHB, and that earned him a ban for two long years and serious notoriety at a precarious age. Lewis already knew about notoriety, although he didn’t know about the drugs. That came as a hell of a shock when he was informed of the results. Of course he worked it out pretty damn quick. A sexual encounter with a man twice his age, involved a weird tasting drink and a thumping head the following morning, residual pain and a hazy memory – the bastard had slipped him a Mickey Finn and in doing so seemingly screwed his career as well as screwing the naive young Scotsman. An explanation would have helped, but Lewis didn’t feel inclined – pig-headed obstinacy and homophobic fears causing him to keep quiet on the matter. Instead he retreated into his shell and spent the two years perfecting his grass court game. As far as Lewis was concerned, there could only be one way to atone for the disgrace he’d brought on the family name. And at the tender age of twenty-one he did exactly that, returning to Wimbledon as a fast rising star, whose brilliance was still relatively unknown to the unsuspecting British public – a state that was due to change in the most dramatic fashion!
After only six months on the main ATP tour he wasn’t even seeded. But for those in the know the promise was clear having claimed some big scalps and made a final in Dubai with an attacking style of tennis that took opponents by surprise. Serve and volley! It was an approach that supposedly belonged to the past when three of the four slams were played on grass. With much of the turf now dug up and replaced by cement or synthetic polymers, the modern game had slowed down and was played mainly from the baseline... except that is during the last three weeks of June and the first few days of July when lawn tennis makes its annual return to its green grass roots of home.
It started low key – well the first ten minutes was fairly tame, after that it was an explosion no one could have predicted. The organisers put him on an outside court, which was only fair and proper. He was lowly ranked at just inside the top fifty, not yet a household name - and there was that inglorious reputation involving recreational drugs that made for an unfortunate taste in the mouths of the powers that be within the sport. There was also the ‘sleeve’ that Lewis had acquired during his two year sabbatical from the main tour – a Mouri style tattoo that covered his right shoulder and all of his serving arm – not exactly the preferred image in the prim and proper eyes of the All England Club members who determined the schedule and the right to play on the coveted show courts. 
The ground ticket holders like it though! Especially the young ladies who thought he looked a treat – unusually edgy with the tattooed arm that was fully displayed by his sleeveless top, muscles aplenty on a seriously fit body, youthfully handsome with dark brooding looks, and a killer of a smile that got flashed more and more as Lewis eased into the attention that quickly mounted when he started to take his opponent apart. The fact that he was winning, and doing it in style, was an added bonus to the impressionable fillies, and an all too rare treat for the true connoisseurs of the beautiful grass court game. But whatever the view in the eyes of the beholders, one thing was for sure: there was a new exciting look to the sport of lawn tennis... and surprise, surprise – it came wrapped in a British flag. It took an hour and forty minutes to win in three comfortable sets, by the end of which Lewis was semi-famous. He was talked about and texted about on smart looking phones; he was tweeted about and trended all over the internet. He was read about in newspapers and briefly shown on television. Then two days later with a clarion cry - everyone from Land’s End to John O’Groats knew who the blighter was!
His second round match was against an Argentinean - the number four seed and losing finalist from the year before. With all the other home players already annoyingly sent packing, there was no alternative for the reluctant organisers but to put him on Centre Court - the recently roofed Mecca of tennis. 
There were nerves of course for young Mr. Macleod, there always was at the start of his matches. But mainly it was excitement that Lewis felt– it was a long cherished dream to appear on this stage and now it had come to pass. The ultimate dream was five matches away, but this would do for a start. As it happened, those nerves played little part in deciding the outcome. Latin temperament and a partisan crowd played a much bigger role. It was all over after Lewis won the first set on a tie-break. The crowd went berserk... and so did his opponent.
Spanish: such a fabulous language, with a range of expletives that are second to none. Fortunately, few at courtside were blessed with the linguistic gift, and those who had mastered the odd word before heading off to the Costa’s for their week or two in the sun, were not versed in the choice phrases that were uttered that day. They passed everyone by, including the umpire. The only thing that didn’t get passed was Lewis. He was there at the net like a pouncing panther crunching everything away.
Game, set and match!
As he sat at the bar looking at his own image, Lewis cast his mind back to that June afternoon – or more precisely to its repercussions. There he was, out of the blue, the nation’s new sporting hero. He was on the television playing down his chances, and on the back pages giving it large, pumping his arm as he wound up the crowd, looking like he was up for another round in The Falklands.
‘That was a bit naughty,’ Lewis now conceded, although he certainly didn’t think so at the time. He later claimed that he didn’t do it consciously – it was just youthful exuberance that got slightly out of hand – but that was a whole load of bollocks. He’d seen a weakness and exploited it to the full - put on a performance which was a means to an end, adding the crowd to his arsenal of weapons that rained down on his furious opponent. Perhaps it wasn’t very sporting, but then life isn’t always fair. Lewis certainly knew that from bitter experience, and his two year ban was only the tip of the iceberg.
Sporting or not, the tabloids loved it - a Brit was winning at Wimbledon, and beating an Argentinean into the bargain. It was gutter press ecstasy and they milked it to the full. With the sleeve and his looks and his arrogant bluster, and with no other home player for the hacks to focus on, Lewis became an over-night sensation, and his life was irrevocably changed. 
Fame! Fortune! And especially notoriety! That was the day when it really all started: that Centre Court match with his juvenile display, which wasn’t really necessary as he would have won the match anyway without all the theatrics. But the fuse had been lit and Lewis had fanned the flame. It was only a matter of time before the bomb would go off.
The phoning and texting, tweeting and trending, all carried on at a furious pace. But now the professionals had entered the chase anxious for snippets about him. The drug thing came up, which was manna from heaven, but after that there was an unusual void. Where were the girls wanting to sell their story was the question on editors’ minds. Drugs and sex went hand in hand, especially where a good-looking lad with attitude and tats was concerned, but no one came forward to spill the dirt on that particular aspect of Lewis’s life.
Of course young Mr. Macleod was kept protected from much of this. His coach Jim Murdoch placed him in a bubble, refusing to entertain any media interaction beyond the obligatory post-match interviews. But Lewis wasn’t stupid. He knew what was going on. And he knew without question what he had to do once his Wimbledon experience was over for the year – give them the story that would rock the sport, for no other man had ever dared tell it.
The rounds continued, as did the wins. The theatrics stopped by mutual consent between Lewis and his coach, but the frenzy of interest escalated by the day, into the second week as the draw opened up with the main danger man in his half surprisingly losing, giving Lewis a relatively easy run to the final. 
The final!
At his first attempt he’d made the final. The whole country was going mad, the press was going berserk, and tabloid editors were apoplectic that their reporters hadn’t uncovered any further scandal. Cut away from it all, but aware of the fuss, Lewis himself could scarcely believe it. Somehow it had come true, or part of it had - this mission he had set himself, the dream he had held. Suddenly his young life was under the microscope and would take physical presence on a global stage that no one thought he was ready to enter: a Wimbledon final on the Fourth of July against Tommy Jackson the world number one and defending champion, who just happened to be an American. 
The omens didn’t sound good. If ever there was a mismatch then surely this was it. There would be loads of bluster, and patriotic hype, plenty of hope and prayers offered up, but little real belief in the fans that would watch. With all the pressure on the lad, his lack of experience and such a lowly ranking, few really expected the upstart Brit to spoil the American Independence Day party. 
Lewis felt a tingle as he relived the moment. It was a glorious day, so the roof wasn’t needed, which certainly suited Macleod’s attacking game better. But it was a shaky old start that the young Scotsman made - the early match nerves seemed to linger a bit longer on that sunny afternoon in London. He lost the first set having won only one game – an embarrassing trouncing looked on the cards, just as most people had predicted. But Lewis Macleod was having none of that! This was his moment and he was determined to seize it. Maybe Tommy Jackson had a part to play with an element of complacency at the start of the second set. Some pundits accused, but the reality was, it was Lewis who somehow raised his game and broke the American’s serve. It was a ding-dong battle for the rest of the set, but Lewis held on and levelled the score. After that there was no stopping the lad on a mission. He took the next two sets and with them the title. Fame and fortune was now his to claim by the bucket-load, but it was notoriety that would steal the day.
Lewis shifted on his stool as he recalled the scene, or the little of it he could remember beyond what televised replays had shown him. It all became a bit of a blur after the winning shot: the falling to his knees; looking up to his box; shaking hands at the net; leaping around like a maniac; then sitting on his chair in a complete and utter daze as he waited on the presentation. Clarity sharpened when it came to the trophy. Lewis certainly remembered getting that handed to him by a charming young prince who was in line to be king. He accepted it with glee and showed it to the crowd then took a good look at it for himself... And there it was already carved on the cup, the latest addition to the role of champions – the Macleod family name with honour restored, etched onto a trophy that was revered beyond all others in the sport. On seeing it his face erupted with happiness. Lewis threw a look to the sky and offered up some words, and then kissed the cup as the poster shot was taken capturing his joy for prosperity.
‘How long was it after that?’ Lewis asked himself as he looked at his moment in the sun. ‘Ten minutes – fifteen? It couldn’t have been much longer.’ 
He stiffened in his chair as he dredged up the past. Ten minutes of parading round the court showing the trophy off and then it was on to the post-match interview with Samantha Allen that took place on the grass, in front of the crowd and the viewing billions. It started so easy, Samantha singing his praises, talking about the match and how proud the country was. Then it got a little tricky when she moved onto the adoring fans, referring in particular to all the young ladies who viewed him so highly, and not just for his tennis. Now family honour took on a new perspective – there was honour in denial, which was what his mother wanted, but Lewis wasn’t prepared to hide himself away. Honour went with honesty and being brave – that was the thing his father had taught him – and those Fleet Street hacks would catch him out anyway, so it was better to do it on his own terms. He was tempted to broach the subject there and then, but he let the moment pass. Instead he took a cue that would later become an anthem. 
“With the weather, the win, and everything about it,” Samantha Allan had crooned, drawing things to a close, “surely you would say this is your perfect day.”
Lewis went silent for a moment as he considered the answer, looking up to his box for inspiration. A yes would have been easy. It would have made everybody up there happy and kept it almost perfect. But not totally perfect for Lewis Macleod - how could it be perfect when someone wasn’t there. The dream was something he’d always shared, and standing on Centre Court holding the trophy, surrounded by the crowd who had witnessed his triumph, Lewis felt suddenly very alone.
Awkward moments passed as everyone waited. Then Lewis gave them all his answer...
“No, not perfect,” he’d said looking slightly abashed. “For it to be perfect it needed my perfect man, sitting there in the box watching me. I had one once, but he’s not around anymore. But hopefully I’ll meet another one soon and I’ll have another big final to play, then he can sit in the box and watch... and that would be perfect, even if I lost.”
Still on his own eighteen months later, Lewis looked at the euphoric face kissing the cup, and raised his glass as he had done for Chantal Duboir. An involuntary smile appeared. Whatever happened after that: all those disappointments, especially with himself - nothing could take away the reality of that moment, or the Macleod name from that trophy - still the only one of consequence to bear it.
Chapter 3
The present came crashing back to Lewis Macleod in the form of a beaming face atop a garish peach shirt which was heading towards him.   
“Lewis, we are so happy that you managed to make it. Jon was convinced you’d cry off, but I said no, sweetie, he’s a trooper! Why bother about a little tittle-tattle, eh? Oh, I’m Sebastian Collins by the way, committee secretary, and one of Sydney’s biggest SLAGSS.”
“Come again?” prompted Lewis with a deepening frown. 
“SLAGSS!” repeated Sebastian, much to Lewis’s horror. “Sydney Lesbian And Gay Sports Society. If the G-string fits then wear it, that’s what I say, sweetie. Most of us here tonight are SLAGSS, one way or another. Is there one in particular you would like to meet?”
Lewis stared at him aghast, cursing his stupidity that seemed to know no bounds. The name had been mentioned when he had received the invite, but he hadn’t made a connection with the initials. The tabloids would though, and no doubt have a field day over it, using it as an excuse to rehash old news. In despair he cast his eyes again around the room, not looking for a slag, but for a friendly face. Thankfully he managed to spot more than one.
“Erm... Not at present. I’m going to have a chat with Chantal and Marie for a few minutes, then I’ll do the rounds and say hello to some people. I assume that’s okay,” said Lewis as he got off the stool and withdrew slightly. He felt discomfited by Sebastian’s over-familiar proximity and heavy-handed use of a poor choice of aftershave.
“Of course, sweetie, you do that. Naturally I’m going to say a few words later. Have you prepared anything yourself, or do you want to give it a miss? People will understand, but will be hugely disappointed. Everyone is thrilled that you’ve come along, and want to gobble you up.”
Lewis winced. “Something around the importance of gay participation in sport - that’s what you asked for, wasn’t it? I’ll do my best, but don’t expect too much.”
“Thanks, sweetie,” cooed Sebastian. “Just stand there and smile at them - that will make their night. And that Scottish accent will have them swooning in the aisles! I do hope we have some medics on hand!” Sebastian theatrically tossed his head to look round the room, hamming it up like a bad Shakespearean actor, before returning his beaming face to Lewis. “Now I’ll leave you to the lovely Chantal and her gorgeous girlfriend. We’ll be on in about half an hour. Is that okay?”
“No worries.”
No worries indeed. The very idea of public speaking was a trauma for Lewis, but he was starting to get used to it. This was self inflicted, though. It really was a bad idea to have made an appearance, what with ‘SLAGSS’ and a speech added to the mix. Another drink, Lewis decided, and some familiar company, would hopefully calm him down before the ordeal.
He took in the full splendour of the two women as he approached them. Not classical beauties, but each had a presence which drew the eye and demanded its admiration. Chantal Duboir was the taller of the two by at least five inches, Amazonian in appearance, dusky skinned and athletically built. Her broad shoulders were proudly displayed by a strapless red dress she was wearing – a daring little number which clung to her body as far as her knees, showing off her figure to devastating effect. She wore no jewels and very little make up. The only adornment was her thick mane of auburn hair which fell luxuriously halfway down her bare back. The striking effect she created drew the attention away from her companion, Marie Clement, a chameleon in black and white: black bobbed hair, and ivory white skin. A black tailored suit which only suggested, but somehow demanded more in the end.     
“Chantal, you look gorgeous! You too, Marie! How are you both?” asked Lewis, as he kissed the cheeks of both his friends.
“Better than you no doubt!” was Marie’s immediate reply. “I’m surprised you came. Even we were having second thoughts. I personally was against, but Chantal felt we should support them.” This wasn’t exactly a true reflection. It was Marie who in reality was the one who had forced the issue by cajoling her reluctant girlfriend to attend. It was inconceivable to Marie that she could possibly miss out on the exquisite drama of Lewis Macleod showing his face here tonight.
Unsuspecting, Lewis shrugged his shoulders. “Well, I’ve got time on my hands after that fiasco earlier this week, so why not? ...Chantal, did you know that we’re in a room full of SLAGSS? I’m sure a scandal will be made of it.”
“Oui, très amusent,” she replied without displaying the slightest trace of joviality. Instead it was with a frown she continued, “But Lewis, you seem to be making a habit of drawing scandal. What on earth were you up to?”
“Oh, please!” he protested.
“I’m not going to lecture you, but you should have been more careful,” Chantal persisted.
Lewis smirked. “Oh, I was careful alright, but not in the way that you mean.”
Chantal pouted her mouth in a manner only the French seem to have properly mastered – it was a rebuke more poignant than any words. Lewis’s head dropped, knowing that she deserved more from him than a flippant remark. She was concerned for him, and he adored her for it - this woman whom he had admired for years, and was now privileged to count as his friend, perhaps his only true friend on the lonely unforgiving tour that dominated his life. She more that anyone could relate to what he was going through, and the journey he had made. Marie, sensing that they would like a few minutes alone, slipped away as he lifted his head.            
“How did you cope?” he asked. “I mean… they used to write stuff about you. Did anything like this ever happen?”
Chantal shook her head and softened her look – sympathy poured from her bright green eyes. “No. There was never anything that would compare to what’s happening to you at present. There have been some awful things said about me, but nothing like this, Lewis... And for what it’s worth - I coped because I always had good friends around me. Now of course there is Marie. Having people you can trust - that’s what makes you strong... strong enough to carry on, whatever others may do or say about you.”
“Does it ever stop?”
“No, but it gets easier.”
“Not for me. The bastards shoot me down everywhere I go.”
“You give them the bullets, Lewis. I mean... picking up strangers in the bars. What did you expect?”
Lewis bristled – unfairly he knew, as was the snapped response he then gave. “Christ, you make it sound like I’m out there every night. It was a one off.”
“Just the once?” asked Chantal.
Another shrug and a wry smile admitted to more – a lot more than his words suggested. “Well, a few perhaps, but that’s all. And I never let it interfere with my tennis.”
“You did this time.”
“They changed the schedule,” Lewis bitterly protested. “I didn’t expect to play on Monday.” 
This indeed was true. Young Mr. Macleod was caught by surprise, but the fault was still entirely his. His first match at the Sydney Open was scheduled for the Tuesday, but as luck would have it, one of the big names withdrew from the tournament at short notice and the organisers needed another top player to open proceedings on the main show court on the first day. Lewis was chosen, as despite the lack of titles since claiming the big one, he was still a well known figure, especially in a city like Sydney. The last minute change was conveyed to his coach on Sunday evening. Lewis, however, was not around to get the news as he was sitting in a bar at the time.
It was an impetuous decision – but eighteen months on from his Wimbledon triumph, the now twenty-three year old Macleod was a restless spirit with other things on his mind beyond the world of tennis. And it was Sydney after all – a jewel in the gay crown – it seemed only reasonable to go out and have a look at the scene. With no match on Monday, or so he assumed, Lewis saw no harm in popping out for an hour and enjoying a couple of drinks, just to soak up the atmosphere and while away some time. The fact that he did so without notifying Jim Murdoch was neither here nor there in Lewis’s opinion. And leaving his mobile behind was irrelevant as well – the last thing he wanted was a bollocking down the line should Jim discover his absence... which of course he did when the schedule got changed.
As Jim ranted and raved back at the hotel, cursing his wayward charge to the high heavens – the object of his wrath was actually about to leave the bar he was in and return for the bollocking that was due. He’d been a good boy, or relatively so, having only downed the three vodkas – just one over the limit he’d mentally set. And he’d kept to himself, discreetly observing, discouraging any approaches from admirers or fans with a scowl that he’d lately perfected.
But fate had a plan and it came wonderfully packaged – big and hunky and golden tanned, with a glint in his eye that promised so much, as did the bulge in his trousers. Big and hunky was very much Lewis’s type and he wanted to know if that tan was all over. The scowl didn’t happen when the big hunk approached, and it was smiles all the way when they started to chat and it appeared that the guy didn’t know who Lewis was. With a few more vodkas down his throat Lewis decided to take a chance, and he found out about the tan during three fun packed hours back at the big hunk’s apartment where the guy handsomely delivered against those promises on more than one occasion!
It was almost 3 a.m. when Lewis finally got back to his hotel room, and he was far from amused to find Jim Murdoch sitting there, waiting for him with a storm on his face. He was even less amused at the inevitable bollocking that included the shattering news that he was due to play tennis in a few hours time.
Not surprisingly, his play that day was woeful and Lewis was soundly beaten by a player he should have thrashed. The jeers from the crowd as he left the court rounded his afternoon off nicely. There was some speculation in the press that he had actually lost the match deliberately - tanked it, in order to move on to Melbourne and focus on the Australian Open. Not a very likely scenario, but players had been known to tank in the past. Whatever - the organisers in Sydney were far from happy with him and demanded an explanation for the lacklustre performance.
They got one the following day, but not from Lewis. It was the Daily Herald that came up with all the answers, by running a story under the headline: MY NIGHT OF STEAMY SEX WITH WIMBLEDON CHAMP! 
It was Jim who brought the good news to Lewis in his hotel room. Thrusting the paper into his hands, the cantankerous older Scotsman actually looked quite pleased with himself for the first time in several months. When Lewis read the article, it was clear that a lot of embellishments had been made, which was nothing new where the tennis player was concerned, but there could be no denying the central truths, over which the good people of Sydney, and the following morning Britain, would gleefully eat their breakfast.
A first round loss and his name back in the dirt – questions being raised about his commitment to the sport – it was hardly the best preparation for the Grand Slam that lay ahead. Sadly it was a good reflection on the state of Lewis’s life, for those questions on commitment rang frighteningly true – certainly truer than a golden tanned hunk who knew how to screw in a whole variety of ways.    
Chantal Duboir looked at her friend in exasperation, her face betraying the frustration that she felt over a talent that had gone astray, and behaviour that would make her own flag bearing role all the more difficult to conduct. “It wasn’t the schedule that caused the problem, Lewis. It’s what you did. You have to appreciate that or you’ll be forever landing in trouble.” 
“Yes, I know it,” replied Lewis, keen to move the subject on. He got enough lecturing from Jim without Chantal chipping in. “Where as you... you went and found yourself a beautiful girlfriend, and I’m jealous as hell. Where’s she gone by the way?”
“Off flirting probably,” Chantal said with a smile. “But she comes back.”
“Always?”
“Yes, always.”
Lewis smiled in return, pleased for her certainty. “That’s good. And I mean it... I’m jealous as all hell.”
Chantal reached out and touched his arm. “You will find someone, Lewis - someone who will make you happy again. But I do not think that he is waiting for you in a bar… Anyway, we are getting too serious! Perhaps he is here! What do you think of the men in white trunks? Will the style catch on and appear at Wimbledon? I’m sure it would improve the viewing figures!”
Lewis laughed - glad to have some light relief. “It won’t catch on sadly, but I think they look fabulous! The one with the red hair is a bit over the top for my liking, but the rest look great. Though somehow… I don’t believe that they’re candidates for a deep and meaningful relationship. So no, I think it best I stay well clear of the men in white trunks, and then maybe I can keep out of the tabloids before going to Melbourne.”
“When will you leave?”
“I’m staying in Sydney for few more days. We’re booked here through to Sunday - a bit optimistic as it turns out, but that’s the plan. Jim thinks we should be there already. He’s probably right.”
“There will be fewer men like the ones in white trunks... and maybe that is better for you now. No?”
“Now there speaks a happily married lady,” replied Lewis, as he cast his eye around the room again, seeking the tall guy he thought he recognised, still wondering where they might have met. Given his height it was easy to spot him, and once again Lewis was treated to the sight of those imperfect teeth as another invitation was made with a crooked smile.
 “I wonder who they are,” he said absently, puzzling over the man who had just raised the stakes to an interesting level that screamed of trouble. 
“Oh, they are from England,” said Chantal. “Their manager spoke to me before you arrived. He was very charming. He’s standing over there talking to your red-haired friend.”
Lewis looked across the room and spotted Joey from Thailand who had greeted him at the door. With the guest of honour now arrived, Joey had joined the rest of the hired help in porting drinks and canapés around the room. But at that moment he had halted his tour to chat with the man that Chantal was referring to. Someone that Lewis had not previously noticed.
Suddenly the mystery fell into place – where Lewis had seen the guy with the crooked smile before. It was on a UK based website he had stumbled upon whilst checking out some tasty looking men. The guy hadn’t made that much of an impression, lost as he was amongst all the quality flesh on display. But someone had stood out as the clear star of the group in young Mr. Macleod’s impressionable eyes – the website owner no less, a certain Lee Porter, who also managed the group of male models come go-go dancers that was tantalisingly featured on the site. What some of them were doing in Sydney, Lewis had no idea, nor was he particularly bothered. He was feeling too flustered seeing Lee Porter in the flesh – more formally dressed than the crew that he ran, in a tight fitting tee-shirt and a pair of fawn slacks, but still winning the ‘Stunning Hunk’ battle by quite some way without needing to expose his impeccable torso. Their eyes met for the briefest of moments before Lewis turned away – a flush of colour hitting his cheeks, and his heart suddenly racing with the guilty secret it held.
“Lewis, are you okay?” enquired Chantal on seeing the shocked expression.
Macleod took a deep breath as he tried to regain a degree of composure – something that didn’t come easy. “Erm... Yeah! Yeah! I’m fine. I was... I was just trying to place him. You say he’s from England, so it’s possible I might have seen him before... maybe, then maybe not.”
“Well he’s certainly seen you before, on the television at least. And he’s taking the opportunity to have another good look at you now, and I’m guessing he likes what he sees. Perhaps it’s fate that you meet so far away from home. Maybe you should go over and talk to him.”
Lewis spluttered a cough. “Talk to him! No! No! Trust me, Chantal! That would be a really bad idea. But I’ll tell you what - I’ve changed my mind. I do want one of the men in white trunks after all... I need another drink!”
Chapter 4
At the other side of the room, Lee Porter and the latest recruit to his crew watched Lewis as he ordered his desperately needed drink. 
“Did he say anything to you when he came in?” enquired Lee.
“Oh yes, we have long talk,” Joey answered, beaming his cheesy smile. “He say he like my hair, and I look good in the white trunks; better than other boys. You think also?”
“Cut out the crap, Joey! What did he really say?”
Joey let out a clack of indignation. Where was the crap in what he’d just said – it was a perfectly feasible lie, and almost certainly what the tennis player had been thinking. He was about to protest then thought better of it – the boss wasn’t a man to be messed around with, so he offered up some truth. “He very quiet really; not say much. Just want get drink on his own; not want me get for him. I sure he like me, though. I see him looking. Maybe he want go to nightclub later. I ask him. What you think?”
Lee threw the lad a scowl that carried a clear warning. “I think he’ll run a mile if you go anywhere near him again. Mr. Macleod needs a low profile right now, and being seen out with you isn’t exactly going to do that for him.”
Joey nodded, appreciating this wisdom. “Yes, you right. Maybe just invite him back to apartment. Sell story to papers, get much money like other one. Why he go with him? I see picture. Not special. I show him much better time.”
Lee snapped out his response, a little too fiercely for his own liking, “Leave him alone! He’s had enough of that sort of shit.”
Joey’s face lit up like a tree at Christmas. “Ah, you want for yourself. Get big publicity - everybody happy. Good plan.”
Another scowl, another warning, this time with daggers flying from his eyes, Lee hissed out his answer. “It’s time you got your arse in gear and take those nibbles around the room - otherwise that old queen Collins certainly won’t be happy. Now shift!”
Joey made to move off, but Lee held him back for a moment longer. “Oh, Joey - did you find out what he ordered at the bar?”
“Of course,” reported Joey smugly, “tonic water - because he want to be good boy... With double vodka - because he definitely not.”
With that Joey parted to resume his tour of the room, flirting outrageously as was his want. Lee watched and considered – running over the banter with Joey in his mind, appreciating the young Thai’s level of perception. He was a smart lad and no mistake, with a distinctive look that might merit taking him back to England as a permanent member of his crew. But that was something Lee had plenty of time to mull over. Whereas Lewis Macleod! Now that was something he had to get his head around now if he was to benefit by this appearance here tonight! 
Coming to Sydney had been a bit of a gamble for Lee Porter, but one that he’d been happy to take. He managed a group of men who did some modelling and a fair amount of go-go dancing, and often included himself in the ranks, enjoying the buzz and all the attention – and all the men that invariably came with it. It was a competitive business, but Lee had climbed his way up to the top, so that he and his boys were now the first choice in England for most gay event organisers and glossy magazine editors should a bit of titillation be in order. Through the wonders of the internet and social networking, he was known in Australia, although sadly his contacts were thinly spread - nothing like the coverage he enjoyed back home. But winter in England, once the Christmas and New Year parties were finished, was a bit of a slack period for Lee and his boys, whereas Australia was in full swing. ‘New meat to a new market,’ Lee had thought - and Sydney seemed a very attractive alternative to those cold and wet months back in London. Lots of sun, lots of fun, and make a few bob whilst they were down there - that was the plan. But Sydney was proving to be a tougher nut to crack than Lee had expected.
They had arrived with a reasonable number of bookings already lined up, like the one here tonight at the SLAGSS reception - but not enough to cover his costs. He had been sure though, that once he and the lads had hit town, more would follow. They did, but still not enough. What he needed was more publicity. And there it stood right in front of him - all the publicity he could ever wish for, packaged in a single delicious looking scoop. His star might have faded since the glory of Wimbledon, but as luck would have it, Lewis Macleod was making the front pages again, and for reasons that Lee related to much better than the mysterious world of tennis.
Lee looked at Lewis and tried to fathom him out. It wasn’t easy – he wasn’t the sort Lee normally encountered at the bars and the clubs and other gay events. Of course Lee knew who he was – the whole world knew Macleod. But other than the admission eighteen months ago, nothing of real interest had subsequently come out until his little escapade here in Sydney. He played tennis and played it pretty well – although never as well as he did on that day when he shocked the world with his stunning victory, and even more so with his jaw-dropping revelation!
Now that had come as a surprise to Lee and his friends who had gathered at his flat to watch the game. He thought that his ‘gaydar’ was second to none, but not for one second had he suspected Lewis. So if Lee hadn’t guessed then no one would have, which then begged the question – why did he do it?
Lee hadn’t thought about it at the time. Like everyone else who had been around him, he had roared his approval, chuffed to bits. It made Lewis one of them – part of the club, the unofficial gay mafia – a hero they could claim and respect. But with the benefit of hindsight Lee now had cause to wonder if it really had been such a smart move on Lewis’s part.
Out and proud – that was Lee Porter – given how he made a living, he couldn’t be anything else. But Lee was more than just a good looking guy with a body to die for – he had a razor sharp brain to go with it and was a very canny businessman, driven by money and success, as well as great sex. He’d read with interest the speculation in the press prior to the final, about what it might be worth if Lewis was to win. A million pounds plus was the prize he’d definitely walk away with, but for a Brit winning Wimbledon, they reckoned he could add a couple of noughts to that figure through the sponsorship deals that would land in his lap. But that didn’t happen – at least not to the extent that it could have, because instead of the fortune, Lewis chose notoriety by coming out as the only queer in men’s tennis, which tarnished the image in corporate eyes. Then he hid himself away from the glare of publicity, and from what Lee could gather, turned his back on the gay world... which sort of defeated the point.
Lee’s reverie was disturbed by Sebastian Collins. He had taken up a position at the front of the room and was shouting into a microphone. He got his desired effect as conversations were terminated and the room quickly hushed. Lee knew he was going to have a scene later with Collins when he would collect the balance on the night’s fee from him. The old queen wasn’t too pleased about Joey taking Lee’s place for the night. But that was too bad. There were no names on the contract and he had his own reasons for not appearing along with the others. Collins was getting his pounds of fine flesh, and should be happy with them. The boys were putting on a good show. The white trunks and tennis shoes might be a bit of a cliché, but none of the male guests seemed to be complaining.
Lee ignored Sebastian as he started his speech, and turned his attention back to Lewis, studying him intently as he had done since the arrival. He had to admit that the lad looked good: an inch taller than himself at six foot two – and decidedly handsome in a Celtic way with a mop of brown hair and chocolate brown eyes. The clothing he was wearing disguised most of the other assets, but Lee’s expert eye could still determine an excellent body. Not quite as muscular as the crew that Lee ran, but then his sport didn’t demand that type of perfection. He was dressed in a shirt, so the famous tattoo was hidden by a different type of sleeve – almost as if he was now ashamed of the feature that had made him so distinguished. And there was another trademark that was missing as well – the joie d’vivre that once was there.
Lee flicked his look to the cup-kissing poster and was stunned by the difference he saw. On the wall there was a face that made you feel happy – radiating a kind of euphoria that even in the clubs you rarely encountered. Whereas the current face of Lewis Macleod that Lee returned his eyes to – it was clearly the same one, arguably more handsome with a bit of maturity, but the spark had definitely gone out. Instead of happiness there was unmistakable sadness, the source of which went deeper than some scandal in the gutter press. It looked like he carried a burden that was too much for his age. It looked like he might be ready to throw in the towel.
Once again Lee found himself questioning why. Why did he do it when he could have lived the lie? There was too much to gain - too much to lose. He could have been outed, but that would have been well down the line. That would have been this week! Eighteen months on, after eighteen months of gravy, and a hundred million quid sitting in the bank! Given that option, Lee knew what he would have done – taken the money, lived the lie... and then have some mega serious fun!
As visions of a billionaire lifestyle flashed through his mind, Lee was aware that Sebastian Collins had now finished his speech and had handed the microphone to Chantal Duboir. He heard her thank the people of Sydney and Australia for their support over the years, but was too engrossed in Lewis Macleod to take much more in. What he did note was a change in the tennis player’s expression now that Chantal was speaking. A bit of the spark was coming back. 
‘Well I’m glad somebody can do that for you,’ he said to himself. 
But it was only superficial. Lee could see that the underlying tension was still there - Macleod was far from relaxed. ‘Why’s that then, my lad?’ Lee quizzed. ‘You next I suppose. Well, they’re not going to roast you here - that’s for sure.’ But Lee acknowledged that he himself would be tense if he had to make a speech, so he knew how Lewis felt. ‘Now that’s a first!’ he thought, amused at the sudden empathy.
With this still in his mind, Lee wasn’t surprised to see Lewis swig back the remainder of his vodka and tonic. Lee had been counting over the evening - that was four now by his reckoning, the minimum for the night so far. ‘What’s going on there then?’ he wondered, savvy enough to appreciate that alcohol and sport wasn’t the best of partners. ‘Good move, though, vodka and tonic: could be anything really. No smell on the breath - the drink of a man who doesn’t want to advertise it.’ 
Pondering this, wondering if perhaps it could be used to his advantage, Lee watched further as Lewis became more agitated, then he realised that Chantal Duboir was now taking some questions. He smiled in anticipation. ‘Okay, Lewis. Let’s hear what you’ve got to say for yourself.’
Chapter 5
As Chantal Duboir took her questions, Lewis Macleod was getting in a right old fluster, knowing that soon the attention would be on him. Making a formal speech was bad enough, but with his recent history such a hot topic, Lewis’s level of angst was scarily in the red. And now to top it all off, Lee Porter was in the room!
It really shouldn’t have made much of a difference. He didn’t actually know the guy. All he’d done was look at some pictures of him that were generally available on the web. Okay – so maybe he’d done more than just take a look. But what a horny young lad did alone in his bedroom was nobody’s business except his own. Why should it matter if you then come face to face with the inspiration for your masturbation? But of course it bloody well did!
Lewis tried to blank it out – Chantal was winding up, and he had another issue to deal with: the envelope that was burning a hole in his pocket, the one which had been given to him earlier in the day by an Association of Tennis Professionals official... 
The man had turned up at the hotel where Lewis and his entourage were staying, and had the audacity to suggest that he back out of tonight’s bash. 
“It’s a ‘Gay in Sports’ event!” Lewis had shouted as he stomped around the living area of the suite he shared with Jim Murdoch and his wife. “Exactly which part of that does the ATP have an issue with, or is it the whole queer thing that really bothers you?”
His adversary had glanced at Jim Murdoch, entreating him to coach some sense into his charge, as well as tennis prowess. A shrug of Jim’s shoulders had made it clear that such things were way beyond his calling. He knew Lewis well enough to stay out of this particular argument. Accepting that there would be no help from the older Scotsman, the official had tried to reason with the fiery youngster. 
“The ATP has no issue with any of it, Lewis. However, given the recent adverse publicity, we feel that it would be inadvisable for you to attend this particular event.”
Lewis had been fuming by this point. He’d already talked it over with Jim, and was seriously considering cancelling before the official had arrived. He was having none of this, though - his mind was now firmly set. 
“Well thank you for your input, but I fully intend going,” he’d responded – that pig-headed stubbornness ruling the decision.
“Lewis, you must consider your position here,” the official had countered. “The ATP is reviewing the unfortunate incidents of a few days ago, and you should take care not to aggravate the situation before it reaches its conclusions.”
“Fine me, if you want,” Lewis had snapped in reply. “I haven’t checked my bank balance lately but I’m sure I’m good for it. Just don’t try to make too much out of this; and certainly don’t threaten me. Having sex the night before a match isn’t that big a deal. Or are you too past it to remember?”
The official had gathered himself for a moment then carried on, dodging the question as he went for the fallback position. “I understand that you have been asked to address the audience tonight. Is that correct?”
“Yes. Why?”
“Then if you are determined to attend and speak to these people, you should take the opportunity to make a public apology for your recent conduct. We have prepared a statement for you. Please read this out, and say no more. It is in your best interests, I assure you. Good day, Lewis.”
With that the official had departed, leaving behind a sealed envelope on the coffee table, around which he and Jim Murdoch had been sitting. It was still sealed as Lewis rescued it from his pocket and headed towards the make-shift stage in the function room at the Park Hyatt where a collection of SLAGSS had gathered to hear him.
“Good evening!!!” said Lewis, too loudly into the microphone, causing the speakers to crackle with distortion.
He tried to calm down and control the familiar nerves, but it wasn’t so easy without a racket in his hand to do the talking for him. Instead he had an envelope, which could have made life easier... and Lee Porter in the room, which made it a darn sight harder but helped to make up his mind. Lewis held the envelope up and showed it to his audience as he found a level voice. 
“I have some words here,” he began in Chamberlain fashion waving his farcical treaty. Then thankfully he showed some Bulldog spirit more akin to the appeaser’s successor. “But they’re not my own,” Lewis continued. “I’m sure they’re very good words. More eloquent sentences than I can string together… But they’re not mine. So if you really want to hear me say something, then I think it would be best I use my own words, no matter how badly they might come out...
“Sometimes… things like words... they do come out badly. Sometimes… people come out badly, and I’ve met my fair share of them. But at least they come out… and that’s the important thing...
“I think it’s safe to presume that most people here tonight are gay or lesbian, and in some way involved in sport. So you’ll know that there can be difficulties... being gay... in sport. But you’ll also know that there can be difficulties in anything we undertake. Our sexuality should not be a barrier in any of these undertakings… including sport...
“But sport… and especially men’s sport… is proving to be one of the more impregnable areas where acceptance still seems to be a long way off. Gay men and lesbians have had to fight for the level of acceptance that most of us now take for granted. Their success… and our heritage… were not gained by hiding away, but by standing up and demanding our rights. And one of those rights is surely for us to participate in our sport of choice, at whatever level our capabilities allow… without prejudice… or shame...
“There are people out there who will try to impose their prejudices on us. There are people out there… straight and gay… who will try to bring us shame. It is their prejudices they bring… not ours: their shame… not ours...
“I know a bit about shame you see. I know it’s a shame I don’t get to spend more time in this wonderful city of yours, that’s for sure. And it’s a shame I haven’t played better this week… and for that I apologise… especially to any tennis fans who attended the Sydney Open. I made a misjudgement… and for that I’m sorry... but not ashamed...
“Thank you for inviting me.”
In another daze to the sound of applause, Lewis started to move away, but Sebastian Collins rushed over to detain him by placing a hand on Lewis’s arm. 
“Thank you, Lewis. That was fabulous, sweetie. Now before you go, would you mind taking a few questions?”
Lewis nodded to him, and then looked at the hand which was quickly removed. “A couple would be okay.”
Using his own hand that contained the now crumpled envelope, Lewis pointed to an eager looking man at the front of the room. “Yes, sir?” he asked.
“It’s not a question, Lewis. I just want to say on behalf of everybody here, that it is a shame you don’t get more time in Sydney. And if anything… it’s this city that should apologise to you, not the other way round... Good luck in Melbourne, mate! And please! Come back!”
Lewis forced a smile. “Thank you. That means a lot… and I will.”
The crowd was happy with the exchange, and it seemed a good point to end on, but there was one hand still raised. Lewis looked at the owner for a few moments before speaking, trying to bring in check his fluttering heart... “Mr. Porter.”
Now most people would have asked their question regardless, and then wondered later. But not Lee! He simply locked eyes on Lewis, whilst his mind raced. The question came out basically the same, but not the tone. That was where the new question lay.
“Why don’t you come back, after Melbourne? The Mardi Gras will be in full swing. Experience the best that Sydney has to offer instead of its low-life worst. I’m sure everyone here would love to welcome you back then.”
Lewis Macleod looked long and hard at Lee Porter - before, during, and after the question was posed. He was not sure if it was himself that broke the eye contact, with a smile then a look downwards, or whether he was simply released. But he felt the power of that look: a challenging power that dared to be tested, in a startling shade of blue that pierced to the core. Momentarily flummoxed, Lewis needed an answer quickly, so the party line was quoted. “Now there’s a thought… I would love to come back… but somehow… I think there’s going to be some other commitments. The tour is a tough master that doesn’t tolerate shirkers… But there will be a time… I know that. Thank you, again.”
With the formalities over, Lewis rejoined Chantal and Marie, desperately hoping for a few more minutes of their company. He seriously needed to lighten up, but sadly was to be disappointed.
“Lewis, we must go now. I have a match tomorrow, and you no doubt have a training session. Perhaps you should come with us,” said Chantal as she leaned forward to accept a goodbye kiss.
Lewis considered this for a moment, knowing that she was probably right. He had made his point, and would probably end up in a barrel load of trouble - staying longer would only make things worse. It had been his plan right from the start – an hour, no more, and then make an escape. Yet he found himself shaking his head. “No, I’m going to stay a little longer, and meet a few more SLAGSS. I think I need to do some public relations work. Don’t worry, I’ll behave myself.”
Chantal shook her head as well. “I do worry, Lewis. I’m famous for it. Take care of yourself. Please!”
“I will, sweetheart. And good luck tomorrow. I’ll see you in Melbourne. Dinner on me, okay?”
Chantal nodded her agreement, and then it was Marie’s turn to say her farewell. She smiled knowingly at Lewis as he leaned forward to kiss her then held him for a moment after he had done so and whispered into his ear. “Take care indeed, Lewis. And remember - Australia is notorious for its sharks - and not all of them are local or live in the sea.”
Chapter 6
Lewis did his duty en route back to the bar: a few handshakes, a lot of smiling, and the odd quip thrown in for good measure. Another vodka and tonic was waiting for him by the time he got to his corner – the barman clearly good at his job, and perhaps trying to make an impression that might lead to more than the ‘thank you’ he got. 
It was whilst taking his first sip that Lewis noticed Lee Porter gliding effortlessly through the crowd - a predatory beast who had spotted its target and was circling before making its strike. Lewis tried to steady himself. He tried to remember that he was the big star here tonight. He was the one that should be able to intimidate - to take control of the game that was coming, whatever it turned out to be. But this wasn’t a tennis court. This wasn’t part of his world. This was shark infested water and he was already bleeding from an earlier attack. There was potential danger here, magnificently presented as nature tended to do, wrapping its great predators in extraordinary beauty. It was that primal allure that had caused him to stay, but as the beast approached with eyes fixed on its prey, Lewis knew he had to be very careful and remember that behind animalistic splendour was all too often the sharpest of teeth!
“Hello, Lewis. Do you mind if I join you?” asked Lee with the assurance of a man who was rarely turned down. 
“No. Please do,” Lewis hesitantly replied, too in awe of the man to avoid the risk.
They both pulled up a stool and sat facing the bar, away from the eyes that burned their backs and the whispers that failed to reach their ears. Lewis looked at his drink, fiddling with the glass. Lee looked at Lewis weighing up the tennis player at close quarters for a change.
“You took me by surprise earlier,” said Lee as he rested his elbow a few inches from Lewis’s. “I didn’t think that you would have known me. How come? We haven’t met. I would have definitely remembered.”
Lewis looked over with a half smile, unable to resist the magnificence that was so close. He really was breathtaking, even when fully clothed. The camera didn’t do Lee Porter justice. There was wavy light brown hair that had been cleverly cut to give it an ‘I never bother with it’ look, the bluest of eyes that seemed to look into his heart, and a smile that was disarming and ever so charming. A week in the sun had given the face a slight tan which suited his strong fleshy features. And there was a waft of musk that came from the man which at a social function ought to have been banned because it was causing havoc in Lewis’s trousers. “Chantal,” he eventually suggested, struggling for control and avoiding the truth. “She must have told me. She mentioned that she’d met you.”
Lee looked at him doubtfully. He had certainly made a point of speaking to Chantal Duboir before Lewis’s arrival, but had taken care not to mention his name, so Macleod obviously knew him through some other means, and Lee could hazard a good guess as to how. It was hardly an issue – the whole point of his raunchy website was to grab attention and advertise the men that were there – Lee included, in a tasteful way of course. But Lee could appreciate that someone like Lewis Macleod might not wish to confess to such, and there was no point in embarrassing the tennis player by pressing the point, so Lee decided to let it pass for the moment. “I thought you handled that well tonight. Couldn’t have been easy,” he replied changing the subject.
Lewis nodded and threw another half smile before returning his eyes to his drink, inwardly chastising himself for his shyness when, given his status, he should have been full of bluster and doing his best to get this man into bed. But it was all too awkward given what had happened, and way too dangerous given the background Lee had. He might be the manager but he was still part of the troop – a bloke who paraded his scantily dressed body on the net and in the flesh, and perhaps even sold it if the price was right - an unfair suspicion which wasn’t actually true, but after what had happened a few days ago, Lewis’s eyes were now tainted with an extra layer of distrust. “Why are you here? I mean in Sydney… The Mardi Gras?” he asked.
“That’s right,” Lee replied. Then indicating to the room, he added, “These are my lads here tonight… Not our normal sort of thing. We usually perform at clubs, and big events like Pride. You might have seen us. No?”
Lewis absorbed the question and he absorbed the man – seeing him and breathing him and finding him so fine. But he knew the danger, and suspicion was rife, so with a shrug of his shoulders he gave his measured answer. “No. As I said: the tour is a tough master. I don’t get the chance to get out very much, despite what the press might say.”
Lee nodded his understanding. “I suppose not,” he agreed. “So how do you relax - TV, the net?”
“A bit of both,” replied Lewis. 
Lee took a sip of his drink – a low calorie cola – then eased the conversation seamlessly full circle. “I do some stuff on the net myself. I’ve got this website that takes up a lot of my time. You should have a look... plenty of hunky men like the guys here tonight. You probably know the sort of thing.”
“Yes, I’ve seen it...” The words came out unawares, before he had time to check them, but Lewis didn’t want them recalled. He returned his eyes to the glass, considered it, but left it there.
Lee gave it a moment then made his move, concealing his delight that Lewis had taken the bait and finally admitted his little secret. “Ah! Then you’re probably aware that one of the things I do on the site is running a sort of journal: reports from the clubs, anything that might be of interest and get people to log in and make the advertisers happy. I know what you must be thinking, because I’d probably be thinking the same… but this isn’t an interview… I’m not trying to dig up more dirt or create some by setting you up with one of my lads. I just thought… Well, I thought you might want to talk to somebody… somebody who’s not going to criticise, or judge you… But that’s what they all say, isn’t it? I’m sorry. I’ll go.”
He moved off the stool slowly, hoping for a response - hoping that he’d guessed correctly, and wasn’t over playing the hand.
“No. Sit down. Please!” urged Lewis, animalistic attraction winning over his wary suspicion that had been mollified to a degree. Then with a barely audible laugh, he added, “At least you’re being up front about what you are and do - which is more than I can say for the lying toe-rag that sold his story to the Herald.”
Lee got back on the stool, using the opportunity to move a little closer so that their arms were almost touching. “Hmmph!” he grunted with a shake of his head. “That was a bit naughty... and the first bloke to do so unless I’m mistaken.”
“I usually judge better... Not that... well, not wanting to sound like a parrot, but the tour – I don’t get out anywhere near as much as I’d like to. Unlike you I would imagine – I bet your life is one long riot of men and parties.”
Lee made no immediate response. He was weighing up the words and the tone in which they were said. The burden Lewis carried was coming over loud and clear. The opportunity he represented was sadly very different - that little piece of scandal had muddied the waters and placed the tennis player on a heightened state of alert. He would not fall so easily into another honey trap if that was what Lee chose to try.
“It’s not anywhere near as glamorous as you might think,” Lee finally answered, a sheepish expression creeping over his face. “And usually I’m too exhausted to take advantage of the offers... But is it really the case for you – the tour keeping you away from the gay scene and all the men you could have? I mean... No, I shouldn’t ask. It’s none of my business, and it sounds like I’m going back on what I just said.”
“What?” prompted Lewis, curiosity getting the better of him.
“Well – it’s just... I don’t understand why you decided to come out then to all intents and purposes and went back into the closet. I mean, what was the point if you can’t go out and enjoy yourself and sleep with whoever you choose?”
A flash of anger cut Lewis’s face – a raw nerve well and truly touched. “I didn’t go back into the closet!”
“But you hide yourself away,” Lee persisted - not backing down like most people would in the presence of a temperamental star. “Okay, so maybe you occasionally hit the bars in foreign parts, but never in England... or Britain should I say.”
Lewis bristled again, another raw nerve unconsciously touched. “England’s fine!” he snapped; then annoyed with himself and the direction they were going in, he found a modicum of control. “I haven’t been to Scotland in a while, and it would take a hell of a good reason to entice me back there... But you’re right – I don’t go out on the English scene. One bad experience was more than enough to put me off it... And the paparazzi back there would crucify me. They’ve been waiting for me to trip up and I won’t give them the satisfaction. They write enough shit about me without actually giving them some substance... So yeah, you’re right... What was the point? It didn’t improve my sex life as I can’t trust a soul, but it screwed up my career in right royal fashion. That’s the price of honesty in the twenty-first century. Feel free to quote me in your blog or whatever.”
Following the mini outburst, silence sat at the bar with them for an awkward moment - Lewis staring at his drink, Lee gazing at Lewis in a piece of déjà vu. The tension was broken by the resting of a hand on Lewis’s arm. The young Scotsman looked at it, and on this occasion the hand was not removed, instead it gently clutched in a gesture of compassion.
“Sorry,” Lewis offered, feeling like a twat.
“Don’t be. I can understand. It must be hard not being able to trust people. And I won’t be quoting. I won’t write anything about you, Lewis. Believe me! I won’t.”
Hearing these words, Lewis looked into the blue eyes, only inches away. He felt their power again and the subtlest suggestion – Lee raising the stakes, realising time was running out. And Lewis felt the temptation to yield and succumb - to embrace this opportunity with a figure of fantasy – The Body Perfect Englishman. And if it had been a few days ago he would have seized the chance, but sadly things had changed and questions raged in his mind. Did he believe him? Did it really matter? The answer was no - at least on the last count, if not the first. Lewis wouldn’t let it matter. This predatory shark, magnificent specimen that he was, could go and feast elsewhere tonight, assuming the poor thing wasn’t ‘too exhausted’ – an obvious piece of nonsense that cast a shadow of doubt over everything else he’d said. So, tempting as it was - Lewis would not risk being a victim again. Once was bad enough – twice in the same week would be insanely careless. 
Lee could see the answer, and took it on the chin. He thought to leave it at that – let the opportunity pass by. There was a bad taste to it anyway having chatted to the lad. But having chatted to the lad and genuinely liked him – Lee couldn’t resist playing a final card. 
“Look, I know you won’t be back for the Mardi Gras, but if you want to see a bit more of Sydney before you leave, then I’d like to show you around. I’m getting to know my way about the city now.”
“Sorry,” answered Lewis firmly, reaching out for his drink and draining it, leaving Lee’s discarded hand on the bar. “Thank you, but no. I’m going to Melbourne tomorrow.”
And tonight obviously wasn’t an option. Accepting, Lee did likewise and drained the remains of his drink then got up to leave. “Sure. I understand. I’m probably the last person you should be seen with anyway – the paparazzi would really have a field day then. But thank you for taking the time to talk to me Lewis. It’s been good meeting you - it really has.” 
Savvy opportunist or master of seduction, call him what you like but Lee Porter always came prepared with more than just a condom. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a business card. “Here, take this. Call me if you ever need to talk again – nothing more – just a chat... with someone who understands.”
Lewis got to his feet, and accepted the card with the same half smile as before. 
“Thanks.”
They shook hands briefly, and then as Lee started to walk away he turned to ask one last question. 
“It’s in Melbourne then. What you want, Lewis... what you’re looking for. Do you seriously think that you’ll find it in Melbourne as opposed to here in Sydney?”
Stunned into silence, it took a moment before Lewis managed to answer. “No,” he said with a shake of his head. “But who knows, I might be lucky. It’s where I have to go.”
Chapter 7
Lewis had plenty to think about during the taxi ride back to his hotel, Lee Porter being the main thing that dominated his thoughts, most of which weren’t particularly noble and had him fidgeting for most of the ride. But on arrival he had strengthened his fragile resolve and instead of going straight to his room for some much needed relief, he went to the shared living quarters instead. As expected Jim Murdoch was there, whilst his wife Fiona had already gone to bed. Lewis knew the old bugger was waiting for his return, the vigil aided by some spies whose palms he would have greased - the hotel reception had undoubtedly already called up to confirm that Macleod was back safe and sound.
Lewis cut straight to the chase, not giving Jim the chance to ask how the evening went and if he’d followed the advice of the ATP official. “I think we should leave tomorrow, mate. We both know that Sydney has too many temptations for the likes of me. Maybe we can do the training session in the morning and then head off after that. I need as much court time as possible now.”
Jim looked up from the book he’d been half-heartedly reading, hiding his relief that Lewis was back at a decent time and wasn’t as drunk as he could have been. He also masked his delight at this decision... and the use of the term ‘mate’ which had been very rare of late in their conversations - or shouting matches as they too often turned into. “I’ll see what I can do,” he gruffly answered, knowing that he’d move mountains to make it so. “Are you sure you’re up for the court tomorrow, though?” Jim throwing in a little dig that he couldn’t resist.
“No bother, mate,” answered Lewis dismissively. “I’ve had a few drinks tonight, I’ll grant you that, but I’ll be fine tomorrow... and Jim, that’s the end of the booze as well. I promise you.”
“We’ll see, Lewis.”
“No, I mean it... and it’s not the drink talking either, it’s me. I know what I’ve been like of late, and let’s just say - I’ve had my wake-up call... Can we try and put it behind us? Get our act together. Well, mine anyway… I want to, Jim, I need to… and I need your help to do it.”
Jim looked at the lad intently. He’d heard this before and had always been disappointed, but instincts told him that Lewis was more serious about it this time. Perhaps his latest encounter with the tabloids had given him a bit of a shake up, and some good would come out of it after all. “Okay. I’ll help. We’ll get the plans sorted one way or the other.”
“Fine.” 
As Lewis turned towards his bedroom, he paused and looked back at his coach, seeing him properly for the first time in a while. It was a sobering image - mortality sat there in front of him, flaunting the years which had managed to catch up with Jim Murdoch all too quickly of late. His hair was thinning at an alarming rate, and what was left had now turned to grey. Too many worries sat on his face, clinging on to the bags under his eyes. That was Father Time for you - there could be no escape. Lewis absorbed it for a while before speaking, attempting to blank out the inevitability of it all. “Thanks, Jim… for sticking by me. I appreciate it, mate. I really do. I know I’ve been a pain in the arse lately.”
Jim gave a cursory nod of acknowledgement then followed it up with words that might have been best left unsaid, but he’d never been soft when it came to his charge – he refused to allow sentiment to interfere with the job. “That’s what you pay me for, Lewis, now on you go. You need some sleep if you’re going to hit the court in the morning.”
Lewis looked at him again, and wished that Jim could find it in himself to show that he actually cared, that it wasn’t just a job. For the umpteenth time he wondered what Jim Murdoch really thought of him. He knew once, but things had changed so much since the premature success and the spoiler that Lewis had thrown in at the end. There was a distance now between them that hadn’t existed before that day. 
“It’s not been easy for me of late, Jim. And I know it’ll be a bumpy ride ahead. I need you more than ever as a coach… but I need a friend as well… I hope you’ll still be there for me… like you always have been. We both know that I’d have been dead in the water twice over if it hadn’t been for you. Good night, Jim.”
He waited a moment before taking his leave, but there were no words of reassurance, only another cut.
“Oh Lewis... your management agency called. Apparently the clothing sponsor is none too happy about the image you’re projecting. Any more bad publicity and they’re threatening to terminate the contract. It would appear they have grounds. Good night, Lewis.” Then he turned his attention back to the book without reading another word. ‘Softly softly’ wasn’t Jim’s way – even when it was desperately needed.
Chapter 8
Lewis was lying on an airbed, floating in the pool having decided that he’d done more than enough for one day. He had told Mike Crawford to work him hard, and his physical trainer had taken to the task with sadistic enthusiasm. The massage afterwards wasn’t exactly a pampering either, so Lewis felt that he deserved an hour of lazing about and soaking up a few rays through a liberal layer of Factor 30 which Mike had insisted on coating him with. He was now luxuriating in the tepid water which lapped around him, and the caresses of the warm early evening sun. He relished the peace and relative tranquillity of the house they now occupied, only a few miles away from Melbourne Park where the Australian Open would start in five days time.
Lewis reflected on what a smart decision it was to come here, instead of the Langham Hotel where they had stayed the year before. Lewis wasn’t too sure about the idea at first, and had needed a bit of convincing. He liked staying in hotels - especially now that he could afford the best. And the novelty of their luxury hadn’t quite worn off. He also knew that the underlying reason behind renting the house was that Jim could keep a closer eye on him during the tournament, which made him even more resistant. But he had let his coach have his way, and was now truly thankful.
Ten minutes later, Lewis left the pool and went into the house. He showered then threw on a pair of shorts and a tee-shirt before going into the open plan living area in search of his dinner. Jim Murdoch was sitting at the table pouring over his laptop, whilst Fiona was in the kitchen area preparing the meal. Lewis smiled to himself as he looked at her from behind. She was almost fifty now, with no care to hide it: hide the stoutness that had crept up on her, and the grey that was slowly replacing the brown in her hair. Fiona Murdoch was a woman who had learned long ago to accept what life would bring, and perhaps more importantly – what it wouldn’t.
“Did you have a good swim, Lewis?” Fiona asked over her shoulder, her eyes warming him with their smile.
“Oh aye. I was up and down that pool like a yoyo,” he laughed in response. “How’s the food going, Fiona? I’ve worked up a fair appetite with all those lengths.”
“Twenty minutes, Lewis, and it’ll be ready... Funny how I didn’t hear too much splashing in the pool… when you were doing your lengths.”
Lewis threw her a wink, enjoying the banter. “That’s the southern hemisphere for you, Fiona - water does strange thing here apparently. Did you not know?”
She shook her head, pretending annoyance. “Get away with you, and let me get on here now, or strange things will be happening to your dinner.”
“Right you are, Fiona… So Jim - has it come through yet?” asked Lewis as he threw himself onto a couch.
The coach raised his twinkling eyes - the man wallowing in his work. “The draw?” he asked, as if he didn’t know what was being referred to. “Aye, I’m just going over it now.”
“Who have I got?”
“A qualifier in the first round.”
“Nice one.”
Jim looked over to Lewis and ominously added, “An Australian qualifier.”
“Ooh!” harped the lad. “That should make it a bit more fun.” He was trying to make light of it, but he knew exactly what Jim was implying, and knew exactly what lay in store for him.
Jim put it into words. “It could get ugly.”
“There’s going to be some arseholes shouting out abuse, whoever I get, Jim.”
Lewis heard a tutting sound emanating from the kitchen area. Reproached for his bad language, he decided to continue the conversation with his coach next to him at the table so that sensitive ears would not be offended by any further remarks on the merits of a hostile crowd.   
“There’ll be more of a reaction for a local boy,” replied Jim, lowering his voice as Lewis joined him. His eyes twinkled all the more, the coach well aware that the conversation was now turning serious.
“Well, not too much - it’s bound to be on an outside court, do you not think? They’ll not want it televised.” 
Jim heard a thickening of the accent, and with it he knew that his boy was coming back to him, if only for a few moments. Even after ten years away from his homeland, Lewis would still revert to his native Ayrshire brogue when defences were lowered through either trust or alcohol.
“Let’s hope so,” agreed Jim with a nod of his head. “But that’s what you’re up against anyway... and you know what a crowd can do.”
“Okay! I’m prepared… So what’s the crystal ball telling you?”
Jim was in his domain now. He loved these sessions, when he would sit and speculate with Lewis whom the likely opponents might be. He rarely guessed wrong, and knew that his boy rightly trusted his judgement. “Well, in theory you’ll get past the crowd, because let’s face it, that’s who you’ll really have to beat in the first round, then get a Spaniard in the second. It shouldn’t matter which one, they’re clay-courters the pair of them... you’ll be okay. The seeding then puts you up against the Czech boy, Navrotil, but I think you’re more likely to face Mierskoff.”
“He blows hot and cold,” said Lewis nonchalantly. 
“Aye, but it’s been more ‘hot’ of late, and if that serve of his is in gear then you’re in trouble.”
“I can serve as well you know,” claimed an indignant Macleod.
Jim let out a sneer, which was a tad unfair, but that was his way and he was too old to change now. “Your serve’s come along, but it’s not as good as his... so you can’t try to blast him off the court like that.  You need to slow things down for him.”
“That’s not my game. I don’t run away. I take it to them.”
A friendly nudge was given, just like old times. “It’s even less his game. And it’s not you I want to see running, it’s him! Anyway, that’s all speculation.”
“You usually get it right, so carry on.”
“Huh… I’m speculating that it’ll be YOU that gets there, not the other way round!” 
Sure that he was joking, Lewis leaned over and whispered in Jim’s ear. “You can be a right sour cunt when you put your mind to it, Jim Murdoch… but one that I lap up, and that’s a rarity - I can assure you! Now who does Mystic Meg see in the forth. That’s where I get knocked out according to the seeding committee.”
“And the rankings – they’re one and the same here in Australia.”  
“So who does the deed then - my old friend Tommy Jackson?”
“No, you’re lucky. He’s in the other half of the draw. If you get there, then you’re seeded to meet Roberts, another Aussie, so you’ll get more of the same... and it would be a show court this time.”
Lewis was pleased nonetheless. He fancied his chances against this higher ranked player. “That’ll do nicely. The Aussies always blow up in Melbourne - they can’t cope with playing at home – a bit like the English at Wimbledon.”
Jim let out a grunt which Lewis knew well. “Oh, I see. So you think he’ll blow up before he gets to me. All right - who do you really think I’ll end up facing?” Lewis gave his coach a return nudge with his elbow, egging him on. They were a pair of old hands at this particular game.
Jim lowered his voice further to a conspirator’s whisper, almost afraid to acknowledge the potential reality of the discussion. “There’s the boy from France who beat you in Rome last year. Of course that was on clay, but he’s been threatening to break through on hard courts as well.”
“I remember him… And I’ll look forward to beating him if he manages to get there. That boy’s got it coming... And the quarters?”
“It has to be Gonzales: he’s seeded two, and he’s got an easy draw up to there.”
Lewis drew in a breath then slowly let it out. He was less pleased with this piece of news. “Well he’s going to cave in for nobody, especially me… That’s the one, Jim... I need to be ready for then.”
“Let’s worry about getting there first, and then we’ll think about Gonzales.”
“No! We think about him now. I’ve never beaten the boy, so get your brain in gear and sort it out. I’ll worry about the rest. There’s nobody up till then that I can’t handle with my normal game, maybe with a wee bit of tweaking as you say. But that nippy beggar is going to need a lot more thought.” Lewis sat back and raised his voice again. “Anyway, so let’s assume we get past him. What next?”
“The semis’ a bit of a lottery - could be one of three. It depends on the form and if the rain comes.”
“Well, let’s hope it stays dry, because if not, I’ve got my own problems, especially if they decide to put me in a glass dome. Those fancy retractable roofs are not to my liking in the slightest.”
“Aye, we need the weather with us, but the forecast’s good,” declared Jim who had studied that as well.
“So who’s the likely punter in the semis’, if it stays dry?”
“Livyenko, I’d say.”
“He’s doable as well… So then it’s Tommy Jackson in the final, eh?”
“You’re looking too far ahead,” said Jim as he stood up and stretched - a job well done, “but aye… who else would you expect other than the world’s top ranked player?”  
Lewis smiled. The old bugger usually referred to Jackson as ‘the world’s best player’. Perhaps a corner had finally been turned and the damage that had been done was on the way to being repaired. 
Chapter 9
The telephone call came an hour later, when Lewis was lounging on the couch watching television. 
“I’ll get it!” said Fiona, walking towards the phone. “Oh hello, Mary,” she announced having picked up the receiver, talking loudly enough so Lewis would hear. “Aye, we’ve just finished dinner. You’ll not be long up yourself… How are things? Oh, I’m sorry to hear that... It’ll all calm down in time... Yes, Mary, I know… yes, Mary… Erm, hold on a minute and I’ll see if he’s around.”
Lewis hadn’t moved from the couch, although he had been severely tempted. But he knew he had to face the music at some point and now would be as good as any. He gave a nod of his head and Fiona brought the portable handset over to him.
“Your mum,” she said.
With a grimace the phone was accepted. “Hello, Mum, how are things with you?” 
That was all he needed to say, the rest of the conversation was a one-sided affair from there on in – a practiced sermon based on the Catholic Faith Mrs. Macleod fervently embraced and had at one point forced on her son. Lewis had no desire to say anything anyway. He half listened, more to ensure that the occasional “ah ha” or “sure” came at the right moment, rather than through any real interest in what was being said. He had heard it all before - the main thrust of it anyway, the details were irrelevant. After five minutes of her ranting about fire and damnation he had endured enough and interrupted her diatribe. 
“Well, thanks for calling, Mum. It’s been a real treat. Are there any more supportive messages you’ve got for me before I hand you back to Fiona? ...No, I didn’t think so. Goodbye then.”
The handset was left on the couch for Fiona to retrieve. Lewis heard her attempt to calm his mother down as he stormed towards his bedroom and slammed the door closed behind him.
He lay down on his bed and tried to block out the call - block out her words and her bigoted tone. But it was an impossible task. All he could do was lie there and dwell on a relationship that was never strong in the first place, but had slowly disintegrated and now lay in tatters. When he had told his mother he was gay, Lewis knew that it was the final nail in the coffin, not the first. That had come with another coffin... his dad’s.
Lewis loved his father – the perfect man in his eyes. He loved him with a passion so much that it hurt, even when he was still alive. He was always there for him as a constant support – up until his tragic death. Lewis could tell his dad anything. Even when he did wrong, his dad would understand and try to put him back on a path that they both knew was right – Catholic dogma never came into it, just common sense and what was best for his boy. He seemed to have endless time for his only child, warm and caring, full of sharing - unlike the mother who was cold and critical, hypocritical to the religion she was forever spouting. It was his father who had introduced Lewis to the game of tennis at an early age, finding a reason to take the lad out of the unhappy family home and spend precious time together doing something they both enjoyed. It was the father who had nurtured him in the early days and had encouraged him when Lewis wanted to take it more seriously, accompanying him to lessons whenever he could. It was his father who had enlisted the support of his old school friend, Jim Murdoch, to assess Lewis’s potential and eventually gain his acceptance into the Scottish Tennis Programme. It was his father with whom Lewis had shared a dream that eventually was made real, but for only the one. Because it was his father who had died in a car accident when Lewis was twelve, and left the lad more crushed than the mangled cadaver.
Neither he nor his mother could comprehend the loss, which they had viewed from radically different perspectives. Nor could they help each other come to terms with it all. They both retreated into their own grief – one turning to God, the other turning his back on Him, blaming The Father for taking his father. The chasm which had already existed between mother and son widened by the day. Lewis learned at an early age what it felt like to be alone. What it felt like to have the world in the palm of his hands and see it run through his fingers as it turned to dust – ‘ashes to ashes’ indeed. Introvert by nature, he had no close friends to turn to. Every egg that he had lay in one basket, and had been smashed by a truck on the M8 motorway that linked Edinburgh to his adopted home city of Glasgow. Lewis went into freefall, withdrawing further and further into himself, unable to face the breaking morning and its sick joke of a new dawn, never mind any opponent that vainly waited for him on a tennis court. If his mother was aware of her son’s desperate plight, she had no solace to offer, no help to give beyond her Faith which only made matters worse. It was Jim Murdoch who came along two months later and rescued the boy with a gift.
“Honour the memory by making him proud of you, Lewis,” he had said.
It took a bit of time, but it did the trick. Lewis sorted himself out, because Jim Murdoch had given him a single-minded purpose that drove him for the next eight years.    
Chapter 10
Lewis showered again in an attempt to wash away his seething anger. Then dressed in a shirt and trousers he went back into the living room, going straight to Fiona who now sat on the couch, kissed her on the cheek and whispered in her ear, “Sorry about that.”
“It’s alright, Lewis, are you okay now?”
“Aye, I’ll be fine. I just need to get out for a bit.”
She held his smile for a few moments then nodded her understanding. It conveyed no hint of judgement - it never did.
Jim was still at the table. He’d been joined by Mike to discuss the training schedule. “I’m going for a drive, Jim,” Lewis told his coach as he looked around for the car keys.
“They’re on the table by the door, Lewis,” replied Jim, helping with words but not with his tone or the scowl that had returned to his face.
Lewis tried not to rise to it – knowing that his track record hardly merited much trust. “I’ve got my mobile with me if you need to get in touch, but I won’t be long.”
“I’ll see you in the morning I suppose. Take a taxi back, will you,” growled Jim; then he turned away, choosing to ignore the anguish that stood before him. 
“Jim, I know what I said. I’ll see you all later.”
Night had fallen as Lewis left the house and made his way to the hire car which sat in the driveway. As he approached it, he was momentarily startled by a flash bulb as his photograph was taken.
“Evening, gentlemen! How are you all tonight?” he enquired of no one in particular.
“Good, Lewis! Good!” came a response from the driveway entrance. “How are the preparations going for the Open?”
“Fine thanks.”  
“Are you following the same training schedule that you used in Sydney?”
“Pis…” Lewis managed somehow to bite off the retort. “No, there are a few changes,” he offered instead as he reached the car.
“I look forward to talking to the changes tomorrow, Lewis! Enjoy!”
Feeling even angrier now, Lewis looked in the direction of the voice but couldn’t distinguish anyone who owned it. He ran through a few put downs but knew that anything he said would end up twisted, so decided against it. He quietly got in the car and slowly drove off. Another camera flash blinded him as he left the driveway. The life of a tennis star is never dull!
As Lewis was driving off, the conversation back in the house had naturally turned towards him. It was Jim who started off in a professional vein, as he picked up on the conversation with Mike about the performance today in the gym.
Mike Crawford had been with them for three years now. He was a Londoner in his mid-thirties and an Essex boy as well. He came from Romford, a suburb that lay claim to both geographic titles, but failed to convince socially with either. Romford was Romford, the East End made good. ‘Loads of Money’ and Mock Tudor mansions; boys and their motors at a knocked down price; girls with blonde hair and orange fake tan. Everything was dodgy “and of course it’s above board!” ...The family business had beckoned for him, but Mike had no interest in the second hand car trade. Instead, he got himself to Loughborough and never looked back. Now he had the best job of his life, touring the world and doing what he loved. It was a shame it would all have to end. His childhood sweetheart, now divorced, had agreed to be his wife. But that was something that Mike was keeping to himself, for the time being at least. Lewis had enough on his mind at present. There was no need to add to it all. Right now Mike would give him all that he could, for Lewis had given him enough in return. There were few physical trainers in England who could boast ‘Wimbledon Champion’ as part of their C.V. That happy event had set Mike up for life. There was a debt, and Mike would see out the year so there would be plenty of time for a replacement to be found.
“It went well, Jim,” the trainer answered with a confirming nod of his head, “very well in fact. He’s putting a lot of work in. The fitness is there. He never really lost it over the winter break. But it’s his attitude that’s changed. He wants to do it, never a complaint – just like in the old days when he was a young lad on a mission. I had to hold him back today, if anything. Don’t want him exhausting himself before next week. We need to start easing up now... How’s he looking on court?”
“Pretty slick on the whole, though he’s not to know that yet, okay,” replied Jim - a finger raised in warning. “There’s too much inconsistency for my liking. Plays brilliantly for a while then seems to lose it. His mind’s not totally there. But you can see it… the hunger’s coming back... like he’s got something to prove again. I hope he doesn’t go and blow it tonight… on the drink... It wouldn’t surprise me after that performance earlier.”
It was at this point that Fiona stood up and turned off the television. “Mike, do you think I could have a few minutes alone with Jim please?”
“Mike and I need to go through his training plan, Fiona. Can it not wait?” asked Jim, looking over to his wife.
“It’s waited too long already, Jim. Mike knows how to get Lewis in shape. He’s done it before.”
“We can finish this tomorrow, Jim. I could do with stroll out. I’ll catch you both later.” Mike left the table and was gone in a few minutes.
“So what’s up with you then?” asked Jim once they were alone. Fiona rarely interfered with his work - and never in a major way when she did express an opinion. He knew well enough that this was serious, and that he should take heed of what was to come.
“It’s not what’s up with me, Jim Murdoch! It’s what’s up with you! Can you not see the boy’s upset? Really upset. Mary’s never been any support to him. You know that more than anybody. And now she just fires off at him all the time. He’s a young man with a lot of weight on his shoulders just now, and the pair of you should be helping him with it, not adding to it all.”
“It’s the week before a Grand Slam, Fiona, and he’s probably gone out on the razz.”
She pursed her lips, biting back her anger and own worst fears. “Well, we should wait and see. But if he has turned to drink, it’s because there isn’t anywhere else for him to go. Can you not try to understand what he’s going through? He’s twenty-three, Jim. Do you not remember what it was like to be twenty-three?” 
Jim came away from the table and sat beside his wife on the couch, giving her hand a brief squeeze. “Aye, I can remember all right. What it was like to be that age... and not have the talent that he has - to realise that I was never going to be good enough, no matter how hard I worked... never going to make the top. Davis Cup - that was the limit. Never a big final! Never a Wimbledon final! I don’t want to see him squandering the talent that I never had.”
A hand was squeezed again, this time by Fiona. “You can’t bring resentment to the party, Jim. You’re his coach, and that means helping him to reach his potential, and you know what that potential is… he can go all the way… be number one. Can you do that for him, Jim? Get him there - because it’s not working right now. You’ve brought him a long way. But as you say, you’ve never been to the top yourself, and perhaps he needs someone now that has -  certainly someone with more slow court experience to help out when the tour moves back to clay. He can do Wimbledon, and maybe even win here if the rain doesn’t come. But that’s not enough to go all the way.”
Jim sat quietly, staring at a blank television screen, as more words struck him.
“But it’s the other side that you need to think about now, Jim. He needs support outside of tennis. He needs someone who can accept him for who he is. Understand the problems that he’s got, and work with them, instead of fighting them, or at best pretending that they don’t exist. If you can’t do that, then it’s time to let go... We’ve got security for life now, so don’t hang on for the wrong reason. It’s Lewis we’re talking about here… Och, there’s no point in upsetting things any more just now, but think about it... after the Open maybe… Ask yourself what Calum would have wanted you to do. And if it’s the answer I think then do it well. Find him someone… Find him the man to take your place.” 
Having said her peace, Fiona retreated to the kitchen to make some tea, leaving Jim to stew in her words. He was not blind to the reality of his own limitations, and accepted that at some point, Lewis would, and should, move on to a new coach. But he had always thought that he would see the moment approach, know when the time was right, rather than be told that it was long overdue. It was one word that she had used more than any other that had stung him to the core. ‘Resentment, she says. How could I resent him?’
He thought back to the time when he had visited the grieving family, concerned that Lewis had not yet accepted his place at summer camp, and even more so, by Mary’s obvious indifference. It was clear that the boy needed help desperately, so he took him under his wing from that moment onwards. Within a couple of months Lewis had relocated to Cambridge where the Murdochs were based: a trial period that turned into a permanent move. Mary didn’t seem to mind - an attitude that stunned the new surrogate parents, and came as a relief to the friendless boy whose only true home now appeared to be a tennis court. Scotland, he said, could go to hell for claiming the life of his father. He had never returned there since.
Jim eventually gave up his job with the Lawn Tennis Association in order to coach Lewis full time when he turned fifteen. A big decision, as there would be no payback for years, perhaps never. But Fiona had supported the decision, and continued to support. Even when it practically blew up in their faces a few years later, she still supported, she still believed - and Jim could always read the draw. The paybacks did come... and then they hit the jackpot! 
Jim had been so proud, sitting there in the players supporters’ box at Centre Court, watching his charge - his boy who had become the son he never had. ‘My heart was bursting,’ he recalled, as memories of the day came flooding back, ‘right up to that last point… Christ, it seemed like an eternity before he served. The crowd just wouldn’t quieten. I was shouting as well. “It’s just a serve, Lewis, just a serve. Don’t make it anything more. Just one other serve like you’ve been hammering down for the past three hours.” And that’s what you did. Just hammered it down and followed it into the net… no need… that ball was never coming back. Text book stuff… And then you looked round to me, even before you shook hands. That was a bit bad, but I didn’t mind - picked you up on it later, though. I could see it on your lips. “Thank you!” you said… No, thank you, Lewis… Thank you for giving me the proudest moment of my life.’
He knew that Fiona was right, though, about the current state of things. Jim didn’t have the experience on court himself at the top level, and clay was alien to him, as he rarely got the chance to play, having never qualified for the bigger tournaments on the dirt. Grass was his surface, and that’s what Lewis had wanted to excel on. “Wimbledon,” he would say time and time again. “Teach me how to win Wimbledon, Mr. Murdoch. That’s all that matters. That’s the dream.”
Well, he’d done that. He’d given Lewis his dream, and then he watched it turn into a nightmare that seemed to have no end in sight. He should have been of more help, but the roles had got too muddied - surrogate father and coach, and he was doing neither well at present. He knew that Fiona was right - it was time to accept that he had taken Lewis as far as he could. There needed to be fresh input if the boy was going to get back into the top ten, and definitely if he was to get to the top of the rankings and knock Jackson off his spot. He knew that Lewis could get there, he was a natural, but it needed to come out soon as time was slipping away. And yes, Jim acknowledged that he had never really accepted Lewis’s sexuality. He didn’t want to know about it. Knew he went out, and probably what he got up to, but didn’t ever want to discuss it with the boy, so he just pretended it wasn’t happening.
‘How would Calum have reacted?’ he wondered. ‘We’ll never know. But he wouldn’t have turned his back on the lad, he loved him that much. Whatever he might have felt, he would have kept it to himself. With Lewis, he would have carried on as before, and have taken no quarter from anybody else. I remember him saying to Lewis once, when the lad had called a ball out that was clearly in... “Honesty, Lewis, that’s more important. Be honest with people, and be honest with yourself.” Aye, I think I know how Calum would have reacted. And I know what he would say to me now.’
Jim stood up and returned to the table, resuming his work as he muttered: “I’ll find a way, Lewis, one way or the other. As long as you want it badly enough... I’ll find a way to get you there.”
Chapter 11
Lewis didn’t drive very far. Within ten minutes he found himself cruising down St. Kilda Road, past the National Gallery and pulling up outside the Langham Hotel. He gave the car keys and a twenty dollar bill to the doorman then walked into the gilded elegance of the Langham’s splendid lobby.
“Good evening, Mr. Macleod. How are you, sir?” asked the young man behind the reception desk, recognising the tennis player with ease. Lewis was known here from his stay the previous year, and memories had been refreshed by his visit the night before when he had joined Chantal and Marie for dinner. There were of course other reasons why his face was familiar to most people in Australia, but that would be politely avoided. 
“Fine thanks,” replied Lewis. “How’s the circus show performing this year?” 
The young man smiled, just enough to convey understanding without appearing indiscreet. “It’s always a pleasure to welcome the tour to town, sir. Things are nice and quiet at the moment, which is usually the case the week before the tournament. It’s once they start to get knocked out that the fun and games begin... You’re not with us this time around, sir. Was there a problem last year?”
“No, not at all,” Lewis assured. “I enjoyed my stay, despite Tommy Jackson cutting it short. We just decided to take a house this year instead.”
The young man nodded, looking impressed. “You were lucky to find one. Very few are made available to the players nowadays.”
“Where there’s a will, there’s a way. My coach had the will, and his wife has a winning way about her... Is Ms. Duboir in her room?”
“I don’t think so, sir. Just a moment and I’ll check.” He made a call to the suite, but it was apparent that there would be no answer.
“Thanks,” said Lewis, beckoning him to stop. “I’ll just pop into the bar and see if she’s there.”
“I think she has gone out, sir. But please feel free. Shall I leave a message just in case you don’t find her?”
“No. No message.”
Lewis scanned the hotel bar with its opulent grandeur. It was obvious that Chantal wasn’t around. There were only a few people to be seen, so he couldn’t have missed her. He didn’t expect to see her anyway - sitting in hotel bars wasn’t something that Chantal did. Of the people that were around, he recognised a few faces from the tour, but he had no desire to speak to any of them, and was sure that it was reciprocal. But he didn’t want to go back to the house, not yet anyway. He wanted to block out the anger, and it sat too fresh back there. One drink could do no harm, and then he would return.
“Yes, Mr. Macleod, what can I get you?” asked the barman.
“A vodka and tonic please… No! Forget the vodka. I’ll just have the tonic water, and you’d best make it a diet one.” 
Lewis pondered as the drink was prepared – here was another member of staff who knew him by sight. Was he a tennis fan? Or perhaps the front-line staff had been given some training in advance so the players’ egos would be bolstered by immediate recognition. That sounded good – a lot better than the far more likely scenario of the guy having seen his photograph on the front page of the Herald alongside a juicy piece of scandal.
Once poured, he took the drink to the quietest area he could find and sat there alone with his thoughts for company - the call from his mother still stabbing at his guts and playing havoc with his busy mind. A sip of the tonic water was taken. To be honest it didn’t taste all that different from his usual drink of late, laced with ice and a slice of lemon but minus the vodka. Lewis winced nonetheless, not really enjoying it. The glass was placed back down then pushed away as someone new entered the bar. Out of hope rather than expectation Lewis looked over to the entrance, but of course he was disappointed as it wasn’t Chantal.
Shame! It was a real bummer that she wasn’t around. He seriously needed to talk things over and get this mother business out of his system. Then a thought occurred. Perhaps there was someone else he could turn to, because an offer had been made... “Here, take this. Call me if you ever need to talk again – nothing more – just a chat... with someone who understands.”
Lewis gulped. His mouth was suddenly dry but he ignored the drink. Instead he took out his mobile and found the number that had been recently keyed in against the name of Lee Porter. It was still relatively early, so Lee was probably contactable. But a call wasn’t made. Lewis simply placed the mobile on the table, still displaying the number that had been provided with Lee’s business card. The genie was out though, and seeing this as a better alternative to dwelling on his mother, Lewis allowed himself to think about the night they had met... allowed the thoughts that he had battled against to properly surface for the first time. 
He recalled that first look when Lee asked him the question after his speech, and the invitation that seemed to be held within it. That could have been picked up wrong, but he didn’t think so. “Experience the best that Sydney has to offer instead of its low-life worst.” A bit arrogant perhaps, but probably justified – there certainly wasn’t anyone that Lewis could think of who he’d like to wake up to in the morning having got little in the way of sleep during the night. Then he remembered the hand resting on his arm, and the racing of his heart which that simple touch had caused. And then there was the musk that was natural, not bought, an intoxicating scent that would merit a fortune in a bottle. He recalled the blue eyes right up close, repeating the offer that was then underlined with words. Lewis remembered the battle that he had won over himself by withdrawing from it all. 
He fought the battle again.
‘No, there was an agenda there, and it’s best left alone,’ he told himself. And even if he was wrong, he didn’t want to get involved – not now at any rate. He needed to keep focused on the Open, and Lee Porter wasn’t going to help him do that. The sensible policy was to clear the man from his mind and consign him to the history book of life as an opportunity lost. Lewis looked at the mobile and considered his options – deleting Lee’s number would be an obvious first step down the path of eradication. But no action was taken. The mobile was left on the table as redundant as his alcohol-free drink.
Lee was still in that phone and he was still in the owner’s head, laughing in the face of prudence. Lewis could see him so clear, hear him as well, as he ran round and round the conversation they’d had, returning time and again to the ending. “It’s in Melbourne then. What you want, Lewis... what you’re looking for. Do you seriously think that you’ll find it in Melbourne as opposed to here in Sydney?”
 God he was arrogant! Placing agendas aside, did he seriously think that Lewis should have hung around just to spend a few days with him, if that’s what was implied! Admittedly he might have had the time of his life raising a sweat in Lee Porter’s bed, instead of working his balls off here in Melbourne so he could be booed and jeered by a hostile crowd on the first day of the Open. It would have been fun – no question about that - but how shallow to think that fleeting physical pleasure was all that Lewis was looking for. The perfect man to replace the one he’d lost would have to offer a lot more than that!
‘Although he wouldn’t be perfect without it,’ Lewis thought, shifting awkwardly in his chair. ‘Not now that I’ve grown up and tasted the forbidden fruit! And whilst I’m waiting for Mr. Right, a few steamy hours with a seriously hot Mr. Wrong might do me the world of good.’
He shook his head, smiling at his weakness. ‘Yeah right! Good for a few hours then explode in my face like the last Mr. Wrong managed to contrive.’ 
There had to be an agenda, of that Lewis was sure – an agenda beyond the simplicity of sex. Lee Porter was a player, and there would surely be a sting – a delicious sting which would hurt too much having actually liked him beyond his stunning body. It was best to forget him – if only that were possible.
With that Lewis resolutely picked up the mobile, returning it to his pocket, all numbers intact.
Chapter 12
When Lewis got back to the house about twenty minutes later, the scene in the living room looked pretty similar to the one he’d left an hour or so before: Jim was still pouring over his laptop; Fiona had claimed the couch and was watching the television; Mike was sitting in an easy chair with a notebook in his hands.
“Okay then, Lewis?” asked Jim in a chirpy sort of voice that was so at odds with his earlier tone. It took the lad by surprise and raised a sudden warmth of affection in him towards his fickle mentor.
“Aye, fine. Are we winning there, Jim?” asked Lewis as he walked over to where his coach was seated.
“We’re getting there, son. We’re getting there.”
“Gonzales, that’s the one... Remember? I’ll take care of the rest. I’m away to my room now. I’ll see you tomorrow. Goodnight, Jim.”
“Aye, goodnight, Lewis,” he replied; then as the young man turned away he added, “Lewis! Sorry for doubting you earlier on, and... Well... I’ll find a way.”
Lewis turned around puzzled and threw Jim a suspicious look, as he didn’t think the old boy was referring to tactics against Gonzales. But he let it go – there was enough on his mind. So it was a nod and a smile the coach was given instead of a piece of interrogation.
As Lewis passed his trainer he noticed what Mike was updating – the diet and nutrition log. He had caused the poor man no end of problems with the drinking bouts over the past six months, but Mike took it all in his stride, and compensated as best he could for the unknown calorie intake, whilst trying to coax Lewis away from it all.
Lewis bent over. “One sip of diet tonic water with a slice of lemon floating inside the glass,” he whispered. “Would a bit of fruit be alright to take to my room?”
“Sure, Lewis,” said Mike half laughing. Then he silently mouthed, “Well done,” before reverting to his normal voice to add, “I want you up by eight for your run tomorrow, okay?”
“No problem. See you.”
As Lewis stood upright and turned towards Fiona, he caught a smile on her face which somehow didn’t belong to the television programme she was watching. ‘If only…’ he thought, ‘...but that’s too unkind.’
“Goodnight, Fiona.”
“Goodnight, Lewis,” she answered. “Do you want a cup of tea brought in?”
“No. Just you sit there. You’ve done enough.” And never had a truer word been spoken without realising the extent of it.
Ten minutes later Lewis was lying on his bed munching the apple that he had brought with him. He was trying to read a book on his iPad, but his mind was too preoccupied with the night’s events. He laughed to himself thinking about the closing scene before coming to his room. ‘A bit like the Waltons,’ he thought. ‘What the hell’s going on? Oh well, it’s all good I suppose… But that old bugger Jim Murdoch’s up to something... ‘I’ll find a way’ indeed. What the hell is he thinking of springing on me now?’
He finished the apple and flicked away from the book, giving up any pretence that he would read any of it tonight. The iPad was tossed aside then on an impulse picked back up. A moment later Lewis had accessed the web and entered a site he hadn’t looked at for a while - www.leeporter.com! 
Lewis checked out the men like he had done on numerous occasions, recognising some that he’d seen at the Park Hyatt, including the hunk with the crooked smile, and of course the boss in all his glory. Not surprisingly it was Lee that Lewis quickly focused on, diving into a portfolio that was oh so familiar and luxuriating in the glory that was there. 
Danger! Danger! There was danger in the air - and in no time at all an erection in his trousers that was demanding to come out and enjoy some relief. There was one shot in particular that was dwelt over - Lee under an outdoor shower with what looked like a beach in the background. It was the most daring of the glamour shots Lee had placed there, although relatively tame compared to what could be found elsewhere on the net, as Mr. Porter drew the line short of full frontal nudity in what he offered up for free. It was still incredibly horny though. Lewis knew of no better and he had trawled through a lot! Lee was standing there with the water coursing down him, his green coloured trunks pulled down at the rear, his right hand still holding them whilst brushing against the side of a magnificent right butt cheek. It was clever! Lee Porter certainly knew all about presentation - how to tease without going over the top, showing just enough, nothing too vulgar, a look of confidence on his laughing profiled face that said: ‘you’d better believe that this is the best’. Arrogance backed up by immaculate presentation of the most wonderful flesh.
Instinctively Lewis reached for his crotch and gave his erection a much need stroke – this wasn’t necessarily his favourite view of a man but it was the best that he’d managed to find of Lee Porter, and it had always done the trick in the past. But he quickly pulled his hand away – an odd sense of guilt, almost Catholic in its flavour, ruining the indulgence. It didn’t feel right. Something had changed having met the man. He was no longer just an image to be viewed and used. The encounter had complicated things beyond measure.
Lewis looked at the image for a few more moments then flicked it off. He thought of finding something else – maybe download a porn film with hot steamy action and find a very different type of muse – one who could be instantly forgotten. But he couldn’t get Lee Porter out of his head and he stayed at the site that bore the man’s name – another piece of arrogance now that Lewis came to think about it. He really was too much! 
Out of curiosity, and half-hoping for a reason to take terminal offence with this body perfect Englishman, Lewis went in search of the journal section. He never realised before, having always got what he needed from the photographs on display, but there was actually quite a lot of depth to the website – products and services being offered (all above board) and informative articles about all sorts of things. Skimming through them, Lewis did manage to find some cause for annoyance in one where Lee bragged about all the men he’d enjoyed over the years. Well in excess of a thousand apparently! So no wonder he was often ‘too exhausted’ to take advantage of some of the blokes waiting in the queue for their turn with the obliging stud. But accepting that this was pretty standard in the promiscuous world Lee lived in, and hardly surprising given the way he looked, Lewis continued with his search and eventually found what he was looking for in a folder entitled ‘Postcard from Sydney’. The first part included reviews of the bars and clubs, with plenty of snaps of Lee and his lads – the same bunch that had been there at the night of the SLAGSS. Lewis quickly flicked through taking in pictures and words, finding lots to admire but nothing which angered. 
The next section focused on Bondi Beach – the North Side where the gay boys and lesbians hang out. Again there were snaps of Lee Porter and his lads along with a fair splattering of local talent – amateur pictures that weren’t too bad. But included as a sub-section was something different – a more professional shoot that was all about Lee - and it was to here that Lewis gravitated. The quality was very good, much better than anything he had seen on the site before, with Lee in various poses on the beach and the nearby grass, wearing a selection of swimming trunks and a ‘come on and try me’ look in his eyes. ‘Be you passive or active, versatile or just curious, you’d better believe that I’m your man – the best you’ll ever have.’ That’s what the pictures were saying.
And it wasn’t just arrogance - he really looked fantastic – the camera on this occasion doing justice to the man. His chest was deeply muscled, devoid of any hair to show off the mass of pectorals to best effect. His naturally broad shoulders were beautifully rounded by bulging deltoids; and wide lateral wings spread out on his back to give it a pronounced V-shape tapering at the waist. A rippling stomach went without saying – barely an ounce of fat covered his well developed abs. Muscular arms and legs gave perfect proportion to the whole effect. And underneath those trunks, never revealed but agonisingly suggested, was a pleasingly full package of contoured cock and balls. 
By all the gods, Lewis had to confess, if there was such a thing then there he was: the perfect man - in body if nothing else.
“Perfect in the sack as well, I bet,” said Lewis to the image before him, his hand again drifting to stroke his arousal. “You should be with all the practice you’ve had! And I know I could confirm it if that was the case. You were offering it, mate, and you’d offer it again if I gave you the chance. And why should I settle on some photos when I could have you in the flesh? Thousands of other blokes have enjoyed you, so why not me! Sydney’s only a short flight away, and you’re easily the best that it has to offer... The best for a shag, but the worst for a boyfriend, for I could never trust you if we moved on to that.”
Lewis was suddenly struck by the odd idea. Boyfriend! Why on earth would he think of something like that when looking at a glamour shot of a hunk on the net? Cyber dating might be the up and coming thing, but Lee Porter was definitely not boyfriend material in any shape or form - a one-night stand perhaps, but nothing more. The idea was preposterous, Lee had said so himself: he was the last person Lewis should be seen in the company of. An even aside from his inappropriate background that would make for a tabloid feast of scandal – the man was a player who’d been with over a thousand blokes, so not the type that was likely to settle down with just the one – his life was a riot of men and parties which was totally at odds with the stability Lewis needed. There was no way on God’s earth he could trust such a man – it would be madness to think anything else.
But he did look so fine - physical perfection, and so deliciously tempting. And trustworthy enough, or so it would appear, at least with regards to his ‘Postcard from Sydney’ for there had been no mention of his meeting with the notorious Macleod - or any reference whatsoever to the scandal that surrounded him.
‘How much further could he be trusted though,’ Lewis wondered? Certainly not as the boyfriend Lewis ultimately wanted – the perfect man he could trust with his life and find fairytale happiness ever after. But maybe just enough for a one-night stand if Lewis got knocked out of the Australian Open early and had time on his hands to make a return visit to Sydney. It would be fun – a little light relief. And what would it matter if Lee were to spill the beans? Porter was right - he should be able to sleep with whoever he wanted as long as it didn’t interfere with the tennis. What was the point of coming out if you couldn’t enjoy a slice of male perfection when it was offered to you on a plate?
Something to think about - but only to be acted on AFTER the Open! In the meantime, surely Lee could be trusted with a few more words. At the end of the day it was only a call. What possible harm could come from that!
Chapter 13
Lee Porter was in the lounge of the apartment he had rented in the Darlinghurst area of Sydney – a few minutes’ walk from Oxford Street and the vibrant gay scene that lay there. He was examining the latest set of photographs he had taken at the Paradise Club the night before, deciding which ones were good enough to post on his website along with the review he’d already written. He had whittled it down to a shortlist of ten when he was disturbed by the sound of his mobile ringing. 
“Hello.”
“Hi... it’s Lewis, Lewis Macleod.”
Lee stood up with a jolt and looked around. With no work tonight, most of the lads had gone out early in search of some fun, but there was a couple still around who might overhear. “One second,” he said heading towards the privacy of his room – the only one in the apartment that wasn’t shared. It was a suspicious act that drew attention, but Lee didn’t give a damn. There was no way he could allow for any eavesdropping on this.
“Lewis! This is a surprise. How’s it going?” he asked once the door had been closed – his face breaking into an involuntary smile that would have pleased the caller no end if he’d somehow seen it.
“Fine thanks. I... I hope I’m not disturbing you.”
Lee heard the edginess that belied the answer, and the element of reserve that he’d encountered before. A thousand questions were running through his mind - the most pertinent one being ‘Why are you calling?’ but Lee knew better than to ask it. “No, not at all… I was just doing some work for my website. Nothing important - it can wait.”
And then Lee waited, letting silence ask the question for him.
“I just wanted to say thanks,” Lewis obligingly offered. “Thanks for listening to me the other day… And thanks for not writing anything about it… You know… if I’m honest… I suppose I half expected it to appear in an exclusive or something.”
“Come on! I said I wouldn’t write anything about you and I meant it,” protested Lee, mightily glad that he had kept his word. The smile on his face broadened as he lay down on his bed, mightily glad that there was no one else in it for a change.
“Thanks anyway. So how are things? Keeping busy?” asked Lewis.
“Pretty busy,” replied Lee choosing not to elaborate. “But how are you? The press seem to be backing off a bit.”
There was a dry laugh down the line from Lewis. “For the moment,” he said, “but it won’t last. Things are bound to flare up again during the Open as I’ve managed to set myself up for a roasting. Then hopefully it should be relatively plain sailing till June… as long as I keep my nose clean.”
“Sod them!” shouted Lee, genuinely annoyed. “You shouldn’t have to worry about that.”
“They make the rules, not me.”
There was more silence for a few seconds whilst Lee considered how to steer the conversation. He had hoped for the call, but hadn’t really expected it to come. He had no strategy to follow, only his instincts, which as usual came tellingly into play. “So tell me, Lewis - is something bothering you just now? I know you haven’t called just to find out how I am and say thanks for doing nothing.”
“Sorry. Am I really that transparent?”
“No. And it’s okay… really, what’s up?” Lee asked, hoping that Lewis would open up to him again, unsure about his motivation as to why he wanted him to.
“It’s nothing really - just my mum. She called earlier… As you can imagine, she’s not too happy with me at the moment. No surprise really, is it? I don’t suppose it’s very nice for her seeing her son spread all over the tabloids for all the wrong reasons. What must the neighbours think, eh? Or even worse – what would the priest have to say on the matter?”
Lee heard laughter down the phone, Lewis trying to make light of it, but he could tell that these quips were more than throw-away jokes. These questions were serious, for the mother at least... A Catholic mother - which meant a Catholic upbringing - another interesting revelation that spoke volumes to a savvy listener who was well versed in the subject of parental disapproval. With a chuckle of his own Lee offered some sympathy. “Yeah, I sort of know what it’s like. My old dear wasn’t too happy about seeing me spread all over the internet, but then not many of her friends were logging onto the site... thank God! So it’s a bit different… You know, Lewis, it might be embarrassing for her, but surely she understands - it’s not you that’s blagging off about what you got up to.”
“Nah. She doesn’t see it that way.”
“Well, these things happen. She must be proud of you, though - what with all that you’ve achieved.”
“Perhaps… But it’s just brought her trouble really… I think now… well, I think that she wishes that I’d done something different - something less public.” 
Lee sharpened his wits, totally intrigued, and genuinely wanting to help. “You’re kidding me!” he exclaimed. “She wishes that her son wasn’t the Wimbledon champion - an accountant or something would be a better result? Why - because you’re gay? Can’t she accept it?” 
“No. She’s never really come to terms with it. Staunch Catholic you see - I’m destined for hell. What about yours?”
“It took her a bit of time to get used to the idea,” Lee honestly replied. “Especially with what I ended up doing, but we’re fine now. She knows that what I do… it’s just a job… She’d prefer me to be… well, okay… an accountant or something, but she’s all right about it. It’s my dad that still has a serious problem. We haven’t spoken in years. What’s yours like?”
The silence was chilling. Lee feared he had blown it for some mysterious reason – touched a nerve that was way too raw. Something niggled – a piece of information he should have known but hadn’t bothered to research. Thankfully Lewis didn’t terminate the call, but instead filled in the gap in Lee’s knowledge. 
“He died when I was twelve, so it was never an issue.”
It was coldly stated, but Lee picked up the quiver of emotion Lewis had tried to disguise. By God the nerve was raw - a decade had elapsed and he was still hurting with the pain. More realisations came – a bolt from the past: so it was the father he had referred to on that life defining moment; the lost perfect man that had to be replaced to give Lewis Macleod his perfect day!
“I’m sorry,” Lee offered with all the empathy he could muster. “But I’m sure your dad would have been proud of you, Lewis. I’m sure of it... You do believe that, don’t you?”
There was no response. Lee waited for a few moments, picturing the scene in Melbourne, wishing he was there to give the lad a hug – it sounded like he needed one for so many reasons.
“Are you still there, Lewis?” Lee finally prompted.
“Yes... I’m still here.”
Instead of a hug, Lee gave more empathy, daring to touch the raw nerve deliberately this time. “It couldn’t have been easy for you, losing your dad at that age.”
“Jim took over… he’s my coach.”
Another cold statement which was all about evasion - Lee knew it was best to let the matter go, but he tucked it away as a piece of information not to be forgotten. “And how does your coach feel?” he asked. “He’s still with you I presume, so he must be okay about things.”
“He deals with it in his own way. He has to, it’s his job, and he’s good at his job. He must be given what he’s managed to do… but he doesn’t really want to go into that side of things - just shuts it away.”
“And he shuts you away in the process.”
“Yeah, you got it on the nail there.”
Lee was forming a picture now, using what he’d just heard and what had been previously conveyed. “So, I take it... that at Wimbledon, he and your mum would have preferred that you kept it all quiet. I assume they must have known before you dropped the bombshell. Now that would have been funny if they didn’t!”
There was another laugh down the line – slightly forced in Lee’s opinion, but a good attempt to lighten the conversation. “Yeah, they knew,” Lewis chortled. “Shame really. The pair of them would have had a right fit if I’d given them no warning. Can you imagine it – my mother up there swooning in the box, Jim clutching his heart – the shock too much.” There was another round of laughter, this time from both ends before Lewis continued in a more serious tone. “But you’re right - they did want me to keep it quiet. Only I couldn’t. I didn’t want to have to lie - and saying nothing... that would have been like a lie in a way. Do you not think?”
Lee thought about the potential billion Lewis had blown – the fortune in sponsorship deals he had backed away from, but naturally he tempered his views. Lewis used a different rulebook to the one Lee conducted his life by, and he wanted to keep the empathy running. “Perhaps you could have left it… for a little while at least. Then you could have had your moment without all the crap.”
“But it would have been a fake - to me anyway. It was the biggest moment of my life, and it was my life, not Jim’s, not my mum’s. I might have spoiled it for them, but it made it sort of… pure for me… despite what happened.”
“What do you mean exactly?”  
“The press. How people reacted, that sort of thing.”
“I read some of the stuff that was written afterwards. But they didn’t really have anything to write about. It was all just blatant homophobia. And it seemed to die down after a while. Couldn’t you have just ignored it?”
“Yes, it died down... till the following year at Wimbledon.”
Lee clutched his brow – what an idiot he was – forgetting about another painful raw nerve. But it was Lewis who had mentioned it – Lee had only provided the opening, so he decided to grasp the nettle and see how badly it stung. “Yeah, I remember now... your opening match in defence of the title. I mean, I can understand the tabloids… you don’t expect anything else from them... but the crowd. How could they do that to you - their own player?”
“It was only a few.”
There it was again – a cold dismissive statement like it didn’t really matter. But it had mattered then and it still mattered now. Maybe not as much as the father he had lost, but it was still a big factor that had influenced his life. “It didn’t seem like just a few,” Lee prompted.
“Didn’t feel like it either… but it was... just a few.”
Just a few! A few homophobic idiots who thought they’d have a laugh, calling out abuse at the champion once the match got underway. A few was all it took to mess with Lewis’s head, make his game fall apart, and ruin his chances of retaining the title. “It was a disgrace... Has it happened anywhere else?” asked Lee.
“Oh yeah – I’m forever getting supportive messages shouted out. But I try not to give them too much to work with. Until now that is.” 
Lee considered this for a moment, and recalled their earlier conversation. It was starting to fall into place why Lewis shied away from the scene. “Is that why you keep your distance from us, Lewis? So people might accept you again?”
“I suppose,” Lewis confessed. “I never really thought about it quite like that. But I suppose that’s what I was doing – keeping a low profile, so that maybe they’d forget about me being gay and just judge me on the tennis. Does that make sense?”
“In a way,” answered Lee. “But it must be a tough act to keep up... when you’re young and famous... and can have anyone you want.”
There was another moment of silence then a choked ironic laugh. “It was getting pretty tough… and during the winter off-season… well... I didn’t feel that I could keep the act up for much longer. It wasn’t working anyway. That’s why I agreed to do the SLAGSS thing… and probably why it all went totally pear-shaped in Sydney.”
“And what are you doing now, Lewis?” Lee dared to ask. “Still keeping your distance?”
There was a pause.
“Yes… till after Melbourne anyway.”
Okay was Lee’s view. I can wait. “And then what?” he asked prodding for more. “You can’t hide forever, you know.”
“I know… Look, I’m keeping you from your work.”
Lee knew he’d pushed too far. “No, please. It’s alright.”
“I have to go anyway… thanks for listening to me. You should do an Agony Aunt section on the website. You’d be good.”
Yeah, he’d pushed too far. But Lewis had gone a darn site further than Lee had ever expected. “Any time, Lewis,” he said accepting the limit.
“Thanks… I liked the new pictures by the way. Goodnight... Lee.”
The line went dead. Lee looked at the mobile and the smile came back bigger than ever. “Goodnight, Lewis,” he whispered. “Sleep tight.” 
Chapter 14
With two days to go before his opening match at the Australian Open, Lewis was starting to feel the heat. It was only to be expected. Melbourne Park was notorious for the hot conditions that the tournament was usually played under, and it was living up to its reputation as Lewis went through his final training session on one of the practice courts. The temperature had climbed steadily during the two hours which had been allocated to him, and now hovered around the thirty-five degree mark. Lewis would have guessed higher.
Jim had enlisted the help of an Italian journeyman who had failed in his bid to qualify for the tournament and now seemed content to take his frustration out on Lewis by dragging him around the court with his relentless ground strokes. For most of the session Lewis had been under instruction to keep the rallies going. Get used to the heat. Get used to staying in the points. That was Jim’s justification for the torture. Get used to Gonzales’s game, that’s what was really going on as far as Lewis was concerned. But he was already used to his game - he was well conditioned to losing to it. He needed to work out how to beat it, not just put up a good show. But he could understand Jim’s reasoning: hang on in the points and bide your time. Lewis had rushed too much in the past, going for winners and missing too many, rather than endure the endless shot making that was the trademark of Alberto Gonzales’s game. But the heat! So tempting to just strike out and end the draining rally one way or another.
Jim was sitting at courtside, shouting out a mixture of encouragement and criticism with a singularity of tone that made it difficult to distinguish between the two. But the edginess of the previous few weeks had gone from his voice. As the start of the tournament grew closer, Jim was feeling more confident about Lewis’s prospects. The ‘walkabouts’, as Jim referred to Lewis’s earlier lapses in concentration, seemed to have been eradicated. He had thought that the call from Mary would have set things back, but instead Lewis seemed to have focused even more, and he was enjoying the preparation process. Jim was pleased to see the lad smiling again - it had been a while since he could remember Lewis looking so happy, even though it was interspersed with the odd period of melancholy. He just hoped that Lewis was still smiling come Monday night.
It was the first round match that was Jim’s one big concern for the opening week of the tournament. He had come round to Lewis’s way of thinking - that there was no major threat from the players he was likely to face in the early rounds - certainly given the way he was playing and the attitude he had adopted. But the crowd! That could still be an issue. There was a history which Jim was all too aware of – one that he was still annoyed with himself about for not foreseeing and preparing Lewis in advance. With the lesson learned, he had no intention of leaving anything to chance this time around. Jim checked his watch thinking about the meeting he had arranged for the afternoon. ‘Another hour,’ he thought, ‘and then we’ll see what can be done about the crowd.’
But that was for later. At present, Jim was more concerned with Lewis’s performance on court, and how it would square up against his likely opponent in the quarter-finals, assuming that his man got that far. He could see that the backhand needed more work. Lewis didn’t look too comfortable with the high balls on that side, and Jim knew it was a weakness that Gonzales was more than capable of exploiting with the heavy topspin he normally employed. 
“Mario, I want more over to his backhand, plenty of top on it,” shouted Jim. “Lewis, I want you to start attacking now, but no reckless stuff mind. Stay with him, but take your chance to attack when it comes. There’s no point defending all the time against Gonzales, he’ll wear you down, and you know it. Keep the points short if you can, better to lose it early, than lose it after a long rally, because if it’s a long rally, then you’re not going to come out on top too often. Short and sweet, Lewis; don’t let him get any rhythm. Get him rattled.”
“Aye, like I got him rattled the last three times we played, I know,” said Lewis with a sarcastic grin, which quickly turned into a smile before he continued with the practice.
But Lewis had a point. Jim knew that they needed to come up with something different to try. He thought about the other meeting which was arranged for later in the afternoon. Perhaps there he would find the answer to the second week of the tournament. 
“There is a way, Lewis,” he whispered, as the session came to a close. “We just need to look in the right place. I hope I can find it for you.”
Jim was still pondering his strategy thirty minutes later when Lewis returned from the locker room freshly showered after his practice session.
“You take the car, Lewis,” announced the coach throwing the keys at him. “I’ll get a taxi back. I’ve got a couple of people to see this afternoon. Mike will do some stretching work with you when you get back. Nothing else mind - just relax.” 
“Sure, Jim!” the lad replied, pocketing his catch. “But I’m going to take a stroll around first, if that’s okay. I want to get the feel of the place again.”
“There’s no rush, Lewis, take your time. I’ll see you back at the house later,” said Jim, slapping the boy on the back before wandering off.
Lewis followed him with his eyes, and noted that he was heading in the direction of the show courts in the centre of the complex. ‘It won’t be a court he’s off to, though,’ thought Lewis. ‘Maybe he’s meeting with the organisers, or the ATP. Shit! I bet it’s the fine. I just know those bastards are going to clobber me. Oh well, nothing I can do about it, just take it on the chin and move on.’     
As he watched Jim disappear around a corner, Lewis gazed at the arenas which dominated the view in front of him, silently praying that he would have the chance to play on one of them again this year. In the distance, the smallest of the three, was the Margaret Court Arena. He’d played there twice already, winning on both occasions. To the right and slightly in front lay the Hisense Arena, where he had lost the previous year to the eventual winner of the tournament, Tommy Jackson. A bit of a grudge match people had said, as it was Jackson whom Lewis had beaten in the final at Wimbledon six months earlier. Lewis had never played on the other court, the Rod Laver Arena, a massive complex which dominated its surroundings, and where in just over two weeks time the Norman Brookes Challenge Cup would be presented to the Men’s Singles champion. ‘All in good time,’ thought Lewis, ‘all in good time. It’s Court Five I need to have a look at now.’
Court Five was where Lewis was scheduled to play his opening match of this year’s tournament – a stroke of luck as far as the young Scotsman was concerned as he didn’t want a big crowd for that particular encounter. But there would be a crowd of sorts, and not too modest in size either! That became blatantly obvious to Macleod as he stood in front of the court. It was surrounded by four small stands which could accommodate several hundred people. Hardly the fifteen thousand capacity of the Rod Laver Arena, but more than enough to make life awkward should they decide to turn against one of the players. ‘Nothing I can do about that either,’ he thought, then turned away and headed back towards the car park.    
He didn’t go very far before he spotted Chantal practising on one of the other play courts – an impressive allocation – a privilege afforded to the defending champion. With no pressing need to get back to the house, Lewis decided to stop and watch her for a few moments. But reluctant to interrupt her session in any way, he hovered at the entrance, debating if he should go in. It was from there that he noticed Marie sitting in one of the stands, her attention alternating between Chantal and a notebook which she occasionally wrote in. She eventually spotted Lewis, and beckoned him to join her.
“Hi, Marie, how’s it going?” he asked having made his way over to her as stealthily as possible.
“Good, Lewis! Good!” she replied, smiling towards him as he sat beside her under the shade of a parasol the ground staff had provided. “And how are you?”
“Oh, I’m fine... Now don’t let me interrupt you. I’ll just sit and watch Chantal for a few minutes if that’s okay. Maybe I can pick up some hints on what it takes to win here.”
Marie shook her head indulgently. “No, you’re not interrupting. I was just jotting down a few ideas for my book.”  
Lewis looked at the notebook which Marie was holding, seeing a variety of undecipherable scribbles that a spider could have made. “How’s it coming along?”
“Slowly,” she answered, closing the notebook, as if there was a danger of Lewis stealing her ideas. “But I should start writing soon. I have my vision at last.”
“Happy ending?” asked Lewis in a sarcastic tone.
“Is that what you like, Lewis, books with happy endings?”
“Of course I do! I always hope for a happy ending. I get seriously pissed off when the author decides that life isn’t like that all the time.”
“I’ll bear it in mind,” said Marie.
Lewis shook his head, doing so with a smile. “No you won’t. Most of your characters will be miserable at the end. I battled my way through one of your books. Took me an age, and cost me a fortune in therapy to get over it. I’ve a good mind to send you the bill. Happy endings are not in your repertoire, Marie.”
She laughed. “I’ll write one especially for you, Lewis. With easy words so you can read it faster.”
Lewis chortled in return. “Don’t you get lippy with me, young lady! I can read books with big words as well. It just takes me a while to plod through them, and I know the endings are going to be depressing, so I usually give up after a few pages.”
Marie gave him a hug and a peck on his cheek. “Oh, Lewis, you’re such a class act! What would I do without you?”
Having finished their traditional banter, they sat quietly for a few minutes and watched Chantal as she glided effortlessly around the court.
“She looks good,” said Lewis. “She could do it again.”  
“We’ll see,” replied Marie. “She’s more relaxed now, having won two Grand Slams. Less pressure: but more expectation.” She glanced towards Lewis with the final words, aware that he knew all about the expectations of a defending champion.
“Whose expectations?” he asked. 
“Her own of course,” replied Marie, her tone betraying a deep-seated concern that those expectations might prove too much for Chantal who was about to embark on her first Grand Slam title defence. Putting this aside, she turned to Lewis in a half-hearted attempt to tease some snippet of intrigue out of him. Marie was sure there was plenty to be had. There always was with Lewis. It could do no harm to cast a line and see if the fish might bite. “But what about you?” she quizzed. “You look more relaxed as well.”
“I am actually,” answered Lewis brightly. “I’m glad we’re almost there now. It’s been a long break since playing in Sydney. I want to get onto the court again for real and play an actual match.”
“I’m relieved to hear that. But wasn’t there an article about you in one of the papers today? I thought that that might have dampened your spirits.”
Lewis felt slightly uncomfortable at the mention of this. Jim had referred to it as well this morning - and whilst Lewis had elected not to read the article, he could imagine what it was about. “I try not to worry about that sort of stuff. There’s no point.”
Marie was far from convinced. But Lewis obviously didn’t want to talk further on the matter, so she decided to let it go. They sat in silence once more - Marie returning her outward attention back to Chantal, whilst inwardly debating if she should fish some more. As it happened, Lewis gave the opening without any need for her to throw more bait. 
“Marie.… Can I ask you something?”
“Of course. What is it Lewis?”
“No… it doesn’t matter.”
Marie turned round immediately and saw Lewis staring at his feet. It was obvious from the sudden change in his expression, and the anguish that she had heard in his voice, that it most certainly did matter. Whatever it was, Lewis was looking for guidance, and whilst Marie considered herself an unlikely source, she was here, and she was his friend, and there was a debt that was owed.
“Don’t be silly, Lewis. What is it that you want to know?”
He looked at her face. A degree of empathy sat there which helped him to continue. “I just wondered… What made you decide to start touring with Chantal? You couldn’t have just met then suddenly up and left to travel the world with her the next day?”
“What a strange question, Lewis,” Marie replied, concealing her pleasure over the direction this was heading. 
“Sorry, I shouldn’t be so nosey. Forget it,” said Lewis.
“Not at all,” she replied, giving him another hug and a chortle for good measure. “It’s only fair. I know all about your last affair. And a most amusing read it was as well. Our story is positively dull by comparison.” 
“So? I’d like to hear it anyway.”
“So... I met Chantal almost four years ago in Paris. It was at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend. Chantal was playing at the French Open, and I was working on my first book at the time. I was totally in awe of her… you wouldn’t believe how tongue tied I was at first. She asked me about my work, which was a big mistake! I probably bored her to death, but at least it gave me something to talk about. She seemed interested - I thought it was just politeness at the time, but apparently not. It was obvious there was an attraction, but nothing happened. We just exchanged numbers and promised to keep in touch. I didn’t expect to hear from her again. But she called me after my book was published. Said how much she enjoyed it... despite the depressing ending, Lewis. She asked if we could meet when she was next in Paris, which we did, for dinner a few times, and things developed from there.”
“So this was during the French Open?” asked Lewis, his interest heightening.
“No, before that, she was playing at an indoor tournament. February, almost three years ago.”
“And did you just… get together then, and that was it?”
Marie shook her head. “No! Not so simple. At the time, neither of us was sure where the relationship would lead. My life was in Paris… and Chantal’s... well, as you say, she travelled the world. Nothing was clear, but we both knew that we wanted to continue seeing each other, and that it would be my life that must change if things were to develop beyond a brief affair. So I started to travel. The first trip I made was to Dubai, a few weeks later. I spent most of the time window shopping. It was difficult for me, coming to terms with her wealth. I didn’t want her to think that that was the reason I was with her. So I refused her offers to buy things for me.”
“Have you managed to sort that out?”
“Thankfully my books sell now, so I have my independence. I don’t mind spending her money now that I have my own. But before, it was very difficult. That sort of imbalance can destroy a relationship.” 
“A true one.”
Marie noted the comment, and added to the list of questions she was mentally compiling before continuing her story. “Chantal spent the following month in America. You know the tour better than I do. I stayed in Paris, and then joined her when she came back to Europe in the spring. It was all very glamorous! Seeing so many beautiful cities, and staying at the best hotels. And we were never far from Paris if I needed to return.
“The big decisions were taken after Wimbledon that year. She took a few weeks off, and we stayed at her villa in Monaco. It was a good time for us, to be away from the tour and all the pressures... time for us and nothing else. We knew for sure then that we wanted to be together, and decided that I should join her permanently on the tour. It took a few months before I could settle everything, but this has been my life now for the past two years.”
“It’s fortunate that you can work away from home. It might have been difficult otherwise, no?” asked Lewis.
“Perhaps… Thankfully I don’t need to ask myself what I might have done if there had been a choice to be made. At the time, the answer may not have been so easy. Now… that’s different.” 
“And Chantal... she was able to handle it okay? I mean being with you… when it all started… you know, at the tournaments. How did she cope?” 
“She knows how to compartmentalise. When she is training, or on the court, then that is her life, all else is excluded… Look at her - she’s not even aware of us now, Lewis. But when she is away from it and with me, then it’s still her life, but I become part of it and then she notices me again.”
“Do you do the same?” asked Lewis.
“No! She is always in my life. But I am an author, not a tennis player.”
“You soppy old mare!” Lewis exclaimed with a nudge. “She’s very lucky.”
Marie accepted the compliment, returning the smile that came with the words. Then she linked her arm with Lewis’s. It was her turn now. “Thank you! But it is a strange question to have asked me, Lewis… without a reason. Have you met someone?”
“No! Not really. It’s more of an infatuation that I need to kick into touch.”
“An infatuation!” Marie exclaimed, her heart racing with excitement, because she didn’t need to ask the question she then did. “With whom? ...Sorry, it’s me now who is being, how do you say it, ‘nosey’, yes?”
“Ha! Yes, that’s what we say,” answered Lewis. But that wasn’t enough – Marie was repeating the other question, this time with her eyes – empathetic eyes that Lewis felt inclined to oblige. “It’s silly, just someone I met at that party in Sydney last week.”
“Oh, yes! The man who asked you the question,” Marie said with a knowing nod.
Lewis pulled away from her, shocked that the full extent of his secret might be out of the bag. “How did you know?” 
“I saw him watching you. He watched you for most of the evening. And I could see your expression when he spoke to you. I’m a writer, Lewis, and I have learned to observe.”
Relieved that only the tip of this particular iceberg had been uncovered, Lewis continued, and unwittingly revealed more. “He’s a sort of writer as well, but not a proper one like you. He puts stuff on his website along with glamour shots of men and other similar stuff. Not quite the high brow work that you do, I’m afraid.”
“And when did you discover this, Lewis... before or after you met him at the party?”
“Well, if I’m honest, I had seen his website before - quite a few times as it happens.”
“I see! And now you have met him in person. How intriguing! He is very handsome. A little bit older than you, but I think that’s what you like. I can understand why you’re so attracted to him.”
“He’s the most stunning looking man I’ve ever seen,” Lewis admitted. “And yes – I do tend to go for older men... But as I say, he works on the fringe of the porn industry... Well perhaps that’s unfair, but you know what I mean – the press would call it porn, with shots of his bare ass available for all to see! And that’s not so clever for me really, is it?”
“Perhaps not,” answered Marie, hiding her amusement at the deliciousness of the scenario and the potential that it offered. The man did sound highly inappropriate. But it was not in Marie’s nature to blindly cast aspersions - and Lewis still needed advice, so she continued with a degree of caution. “I don’t actually know him, Lewis, so it is difficult for me to judge. You do like his work, though, no? Just as Chantal liked my work? You probably don’t care for what I do anywhere near as much as what he does, so what is the problem?”
Lewis chuckled, and had to concede that she was right, but it was still a problem. “You can be too clever at times. That’s not the point, is it?”
“If you like him, then try to accept him, and what he does. Why be so concerned about what other people might think. You need to accept yourself, Lewis - if not, then how can you expect other people to accept you? But the party was over a week ago, and you are still thinking about him. Have you spoken since, or met even?”
“We did speak a couple of days ago. I just needed to chat to someone about something. I thought that he would understand the situation better than anyone else, so I called him. I shouldn’t have really.”
“And did he understand? Did he help?”
“Oh, yes. He understood alright. It’s scary the way he seems to understand me.  And he probably helped at the time, with what was troubling me. But I’m not sure if it helped me in the wider sense… the call that is… Sorry, I’m not making any sense.”  
It was making a lot of sense to Marie, and she wanted to understand further. “I think there is more to this man than you’re prepared to admit,” she coaxed with a squeeze of his arm. “There are many beautiful people in the world, Lewis, but very few that we think about and call when we feel troubled. Do you want to see him again?”
“Yes, very much so,” Lewis admitted, for it would be boorish to pretend otherwise. “But I can’t let it interfere with the Open. I can’t mess up again. I’m not like Chantal. I wish I was, but I’m not.”  
“Is he still in Sydney?” pressed Marie.
“Yes. I think he’ll be there for another month. Till the Mardi Gras is over.”
She turned to him brightly and stated the obvious. “Then why not see him after the Open? That’s what he suggested with the question, or did I misunderstand?”
Lewis looked at her, stunned by the level of perception. “So you picked that up as well! I wondered if it was just me, you know, wanting to hear something that wasn’t there… And yes, it has crossed my mind. But it still seems wrong. He’s a bit of a player – a shark I think you called him: a hungry shark who likes plenty of variety in his diet. I just don’t trust him enough… or myself for that matter. If there was a story to unfold there then it wouldn’t have a happy ending.”
Marie shook her head indulgently, sympathetic to his angst. “You can’t say for sure. That’s life, Lewis. There are no guarantees. You can’t turn to the last page to see how things end, and then decide if it’s a story worth living. The real value lies in the story itself, not in the ending.”
“I… I see that, but…”
“But what Lewis?”
“Oh, I don’t know. Perhaps it would be better to just wipe him out for the time being and worry about him later. I wish I could just... what was it you said Chantal does?”
“Compartmentalise.”
Lewis nodded at the reminder. “That’s it. Put him away in a box for the next fortnight or however long I last, and bring him out and deal with him then… Now that would be a trick! ...Look, I have to get back. Thanks for talking to me, Marie. Tell Chantal that she’s one lucky lady, and that’s got nothing to do with her being the champion. Give her my love, and wish her all the best for next week… We should get together again before the tournament ends. What do you say?”
Lewis got up and kissed her goodbye.
“Of course,” agreed Marie. “Let’s have dinner... And perhaps you should bring someone!”
“Yes, perhaps I should... I’ll call you.”
Chapter 15
As Lewis was finishing his chat with Marie, Jim Murdoch was being shown into the office of Cliff Drysdale, president of Tennis Australia, the organisation behind the Open. Jim was immediately on guard when he noticed that Cliff was not alone.
“Jim. Good to see you, mate, how are you?” enquired Cliff as the pair shook hands. 
“I’m fine thanks. And you, Cliff - busy time for you no doubt? I appreciate you sparing me a few minutes.”
“No trouble, Jim - no trouble at all. I think you know Frank Morris don’t you?”
“Of course – Frank. I wasn’t expecting to see you here,” responded Jim as the second shake was made with polite formality – the Scotsman making it clear he was far from happy. A private meeting with Drysdale had been requested, and Jim was seriously disappointed that his old friend appeared to be involving a third party. Frank Morris didn’t look as though he was about to leave - quite the opposite in fact as he seated himself along with the other two men in the plush leather armchairs that surrounded a coffee table. And as a senior ATP official, and more worryingly, an outspoken Evangelist from America’s Bible Belt, his presence would give the meeting a formal tone which Jim had hoped to avoid.
“I had lunch earlier with Cliff,” said Frank Morris in explanation, “and I needed to have a chat with you anyway, Jim, so coming along to the meeting seemed like a good idea. I think that the ATP should be represented here anyway. I’m sure Cliff is in agreement. Is that not so?”
“Oh, very much, very much,” responded Drysdale, flinching slightly under the gaze of his friend. He had eaten sparingly over lunch, but was sure he was lined up for an afternoon of chronic indigestion, and the tournament hadn’t even started.
Some refreshments were brought in while more small talk was made. It was Jim who eventually turned the conversation round to the topic they all knew they were there to discuss. “I take it you saw the article in the Herald this morning. I have a copy here with me just in case,” said Jim, pulling the newspaper out of his bag and tossing in onto the table in front of them.
“We saw it, Jim - yes, we saw it,” replied Cliff, wincing with distaste. He ignored the newspaper, preferring instead to concentrate on loosening his collar and tie. Neither the cool conditions set by the air-conditioning, nor the frosty glare of his Scottish friend were having much of an effect on his over-active sweat glands. He braced himself then continued with the speech he had earlier prepared. “The press in Australia, just like your own in Britain, can be a law unto themselves. The, ah... tone, yes, the tone... was regrettable, but there’s not much we can do to stop them expressing their opinion, Jim.”
“I appreciate that, but it’s clear that they’re trying to encourage some unsavoury crowd involvement on Monday. I hope you’re going to be prepared for it, Cliff!” snapped Jim, still staring directly at the fidgeting Drysdale.
“This is the Australian Open we are talking about, Jim, not some outback rugby derby,” replied Cliff rather indignantly, finding a little courage. “There will be adequate security measures in place for all the players. Rest assured that no harm will come to Lewis. No harm at all.”
Jim was far from impressed. “It’s not his physical safety I’m concerned about. It’s his emotional well being I hope you’re up to protecting,” he countered – the gaze remaining steadfast, but Jim could tell that his voice was betraying the growing anxiety he felt. 
“We can’t stop the odd cat call from the crowd. It’s part of the game,” protested Drysdale.
Jim could feel himself shaking, battling for control. This wasn’t shaping up the way he had hoped. “There’s always a line, and I don’t want to see that line crossed on Monday. I want some assurance that there will be extra security at his match, and if any of the crowd get out of control, then they’ll be ejected before it turns into a farce.”
Cliff Drysdale looked affronted as he responded, “Are you telling the Australian people that they shouldn’t support their own player, Jim?”
“Of course not, but there should be an element of fair play involved. Let’s not kid ourselves here. This has got bugger all to do with nationality. We wouldn’t be sitting here having this conversation if it was anyone other than Lewis involved. There are plenty of Aussies lined up in the first round against foreign players. But there’s only one match where there’s likely to be any bother,” said Jim as he lifted up the newspaper and waved it threateningly in Cliff’s direction. “This rag here has told everyone exactly where to go for it. Now are you going to act if anything kicks off, or just sit back and enjoy it and make a disgrace of yourself?” 
The question was directed towards Drysdale, but it was Frank Morris who now intervened for the first time. “Jim!  You’re over-reacting to this piece of tabloid sensationalism. Lewis will be treated with the same courtesy as all the other players. We will show no favouritism, either for, or against. It’s the sort of courtesy that Lewis himself should take note off. He certainly didn’t show very much in Sydney, and must accept the consequences of his disgraceful behaviour there.”
Jim heard Frank Morris’s words, and responded to them, but his gaze never moved from Cliff Drysdale. “The boy made a mistake, and you two sound as though you want to see him crucified for it. Or is this you seizing your chance to do some cleansing – rid the sport of something you neither like nor understand. History is riddled with such shameful behaviour: Hitler in Europe; the Klan in America; and Australia’s hardly innocent with its treatment of the Aborigines. But I never thought that tennis would be tarred with the same brush.”
Deep breaths were drawn and slowly expelled as the targets of Jim’s wrath absorbed the remark. Better men might have blushed and sought reconciliation, but these weren’t better men. The answer came eventually from Frank Morris. “I’ll ignore that remark which is verging on the slanderous – but I will say this. The ATP is not tremendously happy with the way Lewis has behaved, neither before, nor after, his pitiful display in Sydney. Fortunately there have been no serious repercussions from his performance at the function he subsequently attended. But we may have been more understanding of his position if he had followed our advice. As it is, he decided to handle things on his own, and I would suggest that that is exactly what he does on Monday. I wish him good luck. He’ll probably need it.”
Jim looked briefly at Frank Morris, struggling to control the loathing he felt; then turned again to the man he’d thought was a friend, making a final plea. “Cliff, are you seriously going to sit there and condone those words with your silence?”
He received no response.
“This is a very sad day. You’ve shown your colours, and they are dark indeed. I’ll bid you good day,” said Jim as he stood to leave.
He was halted by Frank Morris. “A moment before you go, Jim. As I said, there was something I needed to speak to you about. The ATP has reached its conclusions regarding Lewis and the Sydney Open. We find him guilty of bringing the name of the sport into disrepute, and of deliberately under performing in a match. There will be a fine of fifty-thousand US dollars, and his prize money as a first round loser will be forfeited.”
Jim was exasperated, and shouted out his reaction. “That’s a ridiculous sum, and you know it’s way out of proportion to what happened! He can bear it, obviously. But it’s a clear message to him, and to the rabble you seem intent on gathering for his match on Monday. When will this be announced?”
“It already has been,” replied Morris.
“You sanctimonious hypocritical bastard!” 
Jim left the room without any further courtesies. There had been few on offer throughout the meeting, despite Frank Morris’s suggestion to the contrary, so no reason to end with any. He had failed in attempting to protect his boy, as he had failed on a previous occasion. Then he had no warning of what was to happen, but it was still a failure – an instance where his refusal to acknowledge Lewis’s sexuality had resulted in blindness, when a more enlightened man would have seen what was coming. It still stung. He had armed Lewis with shots to beat his opponents, but had given him no weapons to combat a hostile crowd. 
As he made his way out of Melbourne Park, Jim wondered how many more times he would fail Lewis. He had always thought of Cliff Drysdale as his friend. They had played together on the tour, in an age when friendship with opponents was the norm. He had been certain that a favour could be called on.  What prejudice must lie there for it to be so cruelly denied? Perhaps the same prejudices that nested in Jim Murdoch’s heart if you were to cut that deep and look? 
That was an awkward question that needed to be faced, but would have to happen later. Jim knew he had to pull himself together and be pro-active. He needed to act, and warn Lewis about what probably lay in store for him on Monday. But simply warning him was not enough - he needed to prepare him, and that would not be easy. Jim had every confidence that Lewis could tough it out on court with the best of them physically. But there was an emotional frailty which put into question his mental toughness. No opponent had ever been able to expose it - there were rules which protected him against such gamesmanship. But the frailty was there and it had cost Lewis in the past, both on and off court. Jim wondered if the youngster had matured enough to deal with another hostile crowd – if he could harden himself against the jibes, against whatever they might throw at him, and play his game regardless. He hoped it was the case, but Jim doubted it. There were players who thrived on that sort of adversity, turning it to their advantage. But Lewis wasn’t one of them - it was just too personal for the lad. 
It was half an hour later when Jim arrived at the Langham Hotel. He went straight to the bar and ordered a double malt whisky and iced water in a separate glass. Jim enjoyed the odd dram of an evening, but rarely touched the stuff in the afternoon. He was in serious need of one now though to calm his anger over the previous meeting and steady his resolve for the next. A quiet table was found where Jim considered the glasses in front of him. It was only one sip of the whisky he took, despite the urge to sink it all, embrace the burn and the numbness it would bring. He knew he needed to keep a clear head though, so he drank only the water thereafter, whilst he waited for the man he had arranged to meet. The rest of the whisky could sit in reserve. It may yet have to be called on. He checked his watch. ‘Five more minutes - that’s if he comes,’ mused Jim. ‘But he did agree to see me. That must mean something. Will he agree to more, though? Is he the man that Lewis needs?’

Chapter 16
Scott Taylor checked his watch as he strode through the Langham lobby heading purposely towards the bar. He was five minutes late, and he didn’t like being late, not even by such a trivial amount. Punctuality was a virtue that had been drummed into him as a boy and one that he still held dear now that he’d reached the age of thirty and was possibly on the threshold of a new career. Scott was in Melbourne to do some commentating on the Open for the American Broadcasting Corporation who in conjunction with Australia’s Channel Seven was covering the event. It was a trial run for both parties. He was contracted for the Australian Open only, and that suited him fine as Scott was uncertain if this was what he really wanted to do. It was a far cry from when he was in Melbourne nine years before, and became the surprise winner of the tournament. In doing so, he announced himself to the world as the new kid on the block. His successful defence of the title the following year came as no surprise - he was the world’s number one player by then, and had added the French Open title along with a string of others. The US Open crown was claimed at the end of that glorious year when he also defended his title at Roland Garros. The only blight was losing in the final at Wimbledon which prevented the American from achieving the elusive Grand Slam – winning all four majors in the same calendar year. Many thought that he could still go on and do it, but sadly injury plagued his career thereafter and put a halt to his dominance of the game. He battled on for several more years, but the glory days were gone, and he decided to retire at the age of twenty-seven. After three years away from the game, Scott welcomed this opportunity to get involved again, but it wasn’t really how he saw himself occupying his days... days which had recently stretched too long before him.
Jim spotted him immediately as Scott entered the bar. He looked a bit odd dressed in a blue summer suit, white button down shirt and a blue patterned tie – not the normal attire you associated with Scott Taylor, but the man was unmistakeable. There were a few extra pounds on his six foot two frame, but he still looked pretty trim. The light ginger hair was a tad shorter than Jim remembered, but as unruly as ever and just as dazzling, even in the low lighting of the bar. The face under the mop was equally individual with an abundance of freckles and those emerald green eyes. It was a fine looking face, strong and manly, Celtic in its roots, but make no mistake – Scott Taylor was All-American to his red blooded core.
Late afternoon and there weren’t many people in the bar, but Jim stood up and waved as Scott scanned in search. Spotting him, the American acknowledged the coach with a wave of his own then strode over for the obligatory shake.
“Mr. Taylor! Thanks for seeing me.”
“Please, call me Scott. And it’s my pleasure, Jim.”
“Can I get you something to drink?” enquired the older man, not totally at ease.
“Water will be fine,” said Scott as he sat down whilst the edgy looking coach remained on his feet and moved towards the bar. “It’s okay, Jim - he’ll come over,” added Scott, beckoning for him to sit down as well.
“Aye, of course he will,” was the flustered response. 
“You’re looking a bit stressed, Jim, is everything okay?” asked Scott.
“Och, it’s nothing... just a wee tangle with the ATP earlier. They’ve fined Lewis fifty-thousand dollars.”
“That’s steep,” replied Scott after a whistle, genuinely surprised at the amount. A fine of any sort would normally have come as a surprise - the ATP had turned a blind eye to plenty of indiscretions in the past, but sadly the unofficial rules didn’t always apply. An example was clearly being made, but the message had a sickening ring to it. Scott gave the best advice that he knew. “Just take it on the chin and forget about it. Better not to dwell on that sort of stuff, Jim.”
“Aye, I know.”
“How is Lewis, anyway? It’s not been the best run up to the Open for him, and this isn’t going to help.”
Jim bristled at the reference but forced an answer. “He’s good actually. I’m a bit surprised to see it myself, but he seems to have reacted well to the incident in Sydney. Every cloud has a silver lining I suppose.”  Jim was relieved to see the barman approaching. He certainly didn’t want to linger over this line of conversation. He waited as Scott’s order was taken before he continued in a different vein, shifting the awkwardness to the other side of the table. “And how are you, Scott? I was sorry to hear about the divorce.”
Scott followed his own advice and took it on the chin, calming himself for a moment before giving his answer. “Thanks. It’s an amicable split - nothing nasty... And I’m good, Jim. It’s nice to be back here. I’ve got a lot of happy memories.”
“Do you miss the tour? It’s been a few years since we’ve seen you around.”
Scott gave a short laugh and a curt wave of his hand. “I miss the buzz, but not all the hard work. I’m a man of leisure now.”
“Well, it’s good to see you back.”  
With the preliminaries now over, and the conversation steered to the safety of the tennis tour, Scott Taylor took a sip from the glass that had just been placed in front of him before staring into the eyes of Jim Murdoch. It was an honest look, as far as Jim was concerned, from a man he was meeting properly for the first time, and so unlike the experience of earlier in the day with a supposed friend and his despicable accomplice. It came as a jolting relief that Scott cut straight to the chase.
“What’s on your mind, Jim? You said you had a favour to ask.”
Jim braced himself, clutching the table in front of him, flicking a glance at the whisky that was calling to him like a Siren, before fixing his stare back on Scott. “Aye, I do. But first, I need some assurance that this conversation will go no further. There have been enough leaks around Lewis of late. I don’t want the boy any more upset than he already has been before we kick off next week.”
“What exactly do you mean, Jim?”
“Well, you’re working for a TV company, so whatever we say must remain between ourselves and not go public.” Jim held his look. It was audacious of him to state conditions, but he would do this properly or not at all.
If Scott Taylor was offended by the brash manner of the Scotsman, he didn’t let it show. “I commentate, that’s all I do. I’m not a reporter,” he calmly answered.
“But you won’t say anything to anyone else, will you?” Jim pressed on, though he wished he had left it. The point had been made.
“No, Jim,” was the simple answer – clear, precise and terminal, just like Scott’s ground shots during the glory days. “Now tell me what this is about. You’re being very cautious here.”
Jim flashed his eyes back to where the whisky sat. “I need to be cautious. It’s my job to look after the boy, and I haven’t been that successful of late.” 
Hearing this confession and seeing the hurt, Scott leaned in closer and gave Jim a pat on the shoulder. “You couldn’t have done anything about that scam. Now come on, Jim, this is between us. You have my word.”
Jim looked again at the man sitting opposite him – a man that had once dominated the sport they both loved, and if it hadn’t been for injury then might still be a threat. He could be ruthless on the court but always played fair – if a ball landed in then Scott Taylor would say so even if the line judge had called it out and awarded him the point. If there was anyone in the game that Jim could trust then the man that was nicknamed ‘Gentleman Scott Taylor’ was probably the one. “What’s your impression of Lewis, as a player?” he asked, cautiously broaching the reason for the meeting.
“He’s good. He won Wimbledon for Pete’s sake! He’s good... very good.”
“Aye, but how good?”
Scott took a moment to consider, wondering why Jim was dragging this out, but happy to play along as there was nothing pressing for him to attend to. “Well, I saw the Wimbledon win on television, and that was amazing. He certainly knows how to play on a fast court. He should be able to win it again, perhaps a few times - assuming he can move on from what happened last year. That was less impressive... It showed a big weakness. But if it can be dealt with then I’d say there’s a lot more to come from him.”
“Aye, you’re right - there is a lot more to come... if we can get it out of him. Do you think he can do well here?”
“Of course he can. He did well last year - just unlucky to get Jackson so early in the tournament. He could have gone a lot further otherwise. Sweet revenge for Tommy I suppose, after losing to Lewis at Wimbledon.”
“Not revenge enough! He would have preferred to have got him in a final again. I want to give him the chance to do just that in two weeks time.”
Scott was surprised at the boldness of the statement. “Do you think Lewis could get there... this year? There’re not many people who rate his chances at present.”
“Aye, he could - this year, despite what’s happened. But he needs help. More help than I can give him.” Once again the whisky dominated Jim’s view as he made this new confession.
“I see,” said Scott gazing intently at Jim Murdoch. He understood how difficult the admission was for the man. And he knew now for sure where the conversation was leading. He had already guessed as much before the meeting. His defences were raised as Jim continued towards his conclusion. 
“He needs… a more experienced hand to guide him through this fortnight. There are some tricky matches ahead. I was wondering if your schedule might find time to give the lad a bit of advice - maybe just have a look at his game, and give him a few pointers. There’s nobody out there who knows more about what it takes to win this tournament than you. Any help you could give would be appreciated.”
“Does Lewis know that you’re here?”
Jim looked back up with renewed fire in his eyes. “No! Nor should he ever do, if you decide not to help. He’s had enough rejection already.”
“I haven’t done any coaching, Jim, I’m not sure if I would be of any real use.”
“You’ve done a lot of winning, and that is a hell of a lot of use. Just see the lad. Talk to him... unless of course there’s a problem that we’re not covering here. There’s no point in me being backwards about that now, is there? I’ve had enough of ducking that particular issue.”
It was an uncomfortable question to have been asked, and Scott tried to hide his uncertainty in the answer he offered. “There is no problem... if you’re referring to him being gay.”
The right words were said, but there was something that Jim Murdoch did not feel totally convinced about. Again he needed to press a point at the risk of offence. “I would need to be sure of that you see. This is not a good time to play mind games with Lewis.”
“I can appreciate that, Jim - believe me.” This time the words rang with sincerity. There was no need for Jim to press further.
“Will you think about it then?” asked Jim, moving in for a close.
“What’s his draw like?” asked Scott in return, buying some more time.
“He should see the second week no problem, on paper that is, but… there could be some trouble on Monday. He’s got an Aussie in the first round and the tabloids are stirring up a rabble.”
“Yes, I read it... Scandalous! I doubt if there is anything I could do to help him with that, though. But I will think it over, Jim. I’ll let you know within a couple of days at the most. I need to see how it would fit in with the other commitments I have here.”
Jim nodded his head. “Of course… But tell me - these commitments you have. It’s not something you’re all that serious about, is it – commentating? I mean… I don’t really see it myself… Sorry, but there was nobody as competitive as you in your day. I can’t see you being that happy just sitting on the sidelines. Commentating… An easy life I suppose. I just thought that maybe you might want something more... more than commentating.”
Now that took Scott Taylor by surprise. He had seen the plea for help coming, but this was going further than he had anticipated. “What are you getting at here, Jim?”
Murdoch’s hand moved forward an inch towards the barely touched glass and then withdrew. “Sorry, just thinking aloud. Ignore me! But please, just look at the boy. He needs some help, and I think you’re the man that can give him what he needs.”
Scott Taylor looked Jim Murdoch in the eye once more, and could see no sign of subterfuge, just an honest plea for help, which he admired him for. Enough had been said for now, so he decided to take his leave. 
“I’ll be in touch,” said the American as he stood up. 
“Thanks, Scott,” replied Jim, rising as well to shake hands. 
He stood there for a few moments as he watched the American leave, wondering how comfortable that suit was for him - if the years had dulled the competitive edge and would result in him keeping it on. He seemed to carry it well - a real gentleman of leisure as he weaved his way past the tables, nodding on one occasion at a half raised hand. Jim was seated again by the time Scott passed through the door, never once having looked behind. That was a good sign: a man that looked forward. He might just be the one. 
Suddenly Jim Murdoch felt his age, and at last reached out, then with a single gulp, embraced the burn, and welcomed the numbness it brought.
Chapter 17
A burn of a different type was happening to Lee Porter as he completed his final set of shoulder presses in the Astra Leisure Centre. He was one of the afternoon regulars now, having joined up immediately on arriving in Sydney. It was ideally situated, just ten minutes walk from the apartment where he and the lads were staying, and being located just off Oxford Street it naturally had a big gay clientele. The others in the troop also used the gym but tended to come later in the day. That was fine for Lee, he preferred to work out on his own without distractions, and it also meant that they had a presence at the gym over a longer period of the day. It was important that they got noticed.
Lee was certainly being noticed, as he always was when he worked out. In a gym like this men would constantly be looking at him. He didn’t object, but rarely responded to any of the looks when he exercised. Dedication had been essential in order to develop the body he now possessed, and just as important to maintain it. The fun and games could come at the end of the session, but not during the workout.
Late afternoon was the time he preferred for training. It was quieter with most people still being at work. That would all change come six o’clock, but Lee would have gone by then. It had been a pattern of his life for the past ten years: at least three days a week, more often five. He loved the isolation that he created for himself during the two hour sessions when his mind rarely wandered from the task in hand. And he loved the rewards that the work had brought: the body, the men, and the success.
It was the possibility of more success which spurred him on today. The trip to Sydney was still not justifying itself financially and Lee needed to turn things around. But as luck would have it, an opportunity had at last presented itself. Lee had increased his costs for the trip even further the previous weekend, with the photo shoot at Bondi Beach. The photographer he had hired was one of the best in the business. Expensive, but the results were well worth it. He knew that the portfolio he had now added to the website was his most impressive by some way, and would certainly counter any claims, that at thirty-one, he was perhaps past his best, and no longer worthy of his unofficial position at the top of the gay glamour model heap. That in itself was sufficient justification for the investment, but Lee had also speculated with his choice of swimwear for the shoot... He had speculated with HIM.
HIM Clothing was a Sydney based company who had originally specialised in top of the range male underwear and swimwear then branched out to encompass a much wider range of sportswear, aimed at both men and women. They had been very successful in Australia, and had penetrated the Asian market to a small degree, but they knew that the real opportunities lay in Europe and North America. The photographer Lee used for his shoot had contacts within the company, having worked for them on several occasions. He had acted as a go-between, and as a result of the shoot had generated sufficient interest in Lee for the company’s marketing director to request a meeting which was scheduled for the following Tuesday.      
As he finished the workout, Lee’s thoughts turned to the meeting and the potential business that it could offer. A modelling contract with such a prestigious brand name would certainly be very lucrative, and the knock on effect potentially huge. A sponsorship deal was also on the cards. He already had in place several sportswear deals, but this could be the biggest by some way. HIM Clothing was definitely aiming at the gay market, and Lee Porter had a big influence on that market in the UK. He was sure that they would see the potential in doing business with him.
But that lay in the future, and he had plenty of time to prepare for the meeting. It was the present that was of more interest to Lee. He became conscious of the gazes from several of the men in the gym as he towelled himself down having completed his workout. It was more by instinct than anything else that he surveyed the admiring throng. So easy to just look in one direction, then with a nod, head off to the changing rooms where sex would inevitably be on offer. So often he had done that. It was a habit, but like so many habits after years of habituation it no longer delivered quite the same hit. He would still persist, however. He looked around at the men, most of whom would be available, and caught the eye of one in particular – a youth in his early twenties, which was how Lee liked them.
‘Typically Australian,’ he thought as he checked the lad out. Golden tanned with sun bleached hair. Melanomas in ten years time no doubt, but that was his problem, not Lee’s. Lee was only interested in the present, and this guy would most certainly do for the present. A raised eyebrow as Lee walked past was all that was needed. The typical Australian followed him into the changing rooms, and shortly thereafter into one of the cubicles.
Thirty minutes later, Lee emerged from the leisure centre and made his way onto Oxford Street. His first stop was at a newsagent. It was part of his routine now to spend a few minutes each day flicking through the sports pages, before deciding which newspaper to buy. The criterion was simple: who was reporting on Lewis Macleod? And the decision today was easy - the Daily Herald, who had dedicated almost a full page to Lewis and his first round encounter in Melbourne two days hence. Having made his purchase, Lee then proceeded to The Darlinghurst. Not his favourite bar on Oxford Street, but the one that he frequented the most when he was on his own. It was the bar that Lewis Macleod had sat in over a week before, and met a guy who then sold his story to the press. To the very newspaper that Lee now held in his hand.
Lee was on good terms with the bar staff, very good terms in fact with one of them having shagged him the previous week. It had been easy thereafter for Lee to solicit information on the night that Lewis was in the bar, and to build up his own picture of what had actually happened. He was hopeful that the ‘kiss and tell’ guy in question would make an appearance, but he had apparently left town.
It was late afternoon, and the bar was fairly quiet. Lee ordered some fruit juice then took a seat at one of the many empty tables outside and took in the scene. He loved Oxford Street in the day time - so much less hectic than at night. At night all the weird and wonderful would come out to party, especially at this time of year, but during the day it was real and it was gay. There was no other place on earth quite like it. Soho, Earls Court, Castro, The Village - they all had a stamp, but nothing matched Oxford Street in Lee’s opinion, even if it had straightened out a bit since the last time he was here.
Smiling contentedly, Lee opened up his copy of the Herald and turned to the page where Lewis was featured. It didn’t take long for the smile to disappear and he cringed over what he read. It beggared belief – Lee was lost for words, but not for thoughts. His mind was racing by the time he reached the end. Could it be that opportunity number two had just reared its ugly little head?
In its infinite wisdom, The Herald was predicting that Lewis would make a repeat of his first round exit in Sydney. A reporter had spotted Macleod leaving the house he was renting in Melbourne, and implied that he had gone out for another night on the pull. It was the newspaper’s opinion that Macleod was no longer interested in tennis, and may well retire after Melbourne. His behaviour, in their eyes, was doing a serious disservice to the game, and they felt that it was best that he leave. There was no place for someone like him in tennis - and accordingly, the Australian people who would attend the Open on Monday were being encouraged to go along and support their man, and make it clear what they felt about the insulting way Macleod had treated Australia with his behaviour in Sydney. The British tennis fans had made their own statement at Wimbledon last year, and the Australians should now do the same.
Lee thought back to his conversation with Lewis three days earlier. “It was only a few,” that’s what he had said. That was all that it took though to kill his chances of defending his title, and now Lee could see that there would be more than just a few gunning for him on Monday. He wondered if the same would happen to Lewis - be defeated by the crowd. It sounded like some people wanted to hound him out of the game and were using this as a means to that end. Lee was appalled by the tone of the article, and stunned that here in Sydney of all places such a homophobic piece could be published. 
He thought again to the telephone conversation he had with Lewis. How isolated the boy was in terms of his sexuality. He had turned to Lee with his troubles concerning his mother. Where would he turn to on Monday if it all got out of hand? No, not if - something was bound to happen. The only question mark was over how Lewis would cope. Win or lose, the crowd would undoubtedly get to him. He might be able to hide it from those that observed, but they would get to him, Lee was certain of it. What was less clear to Mr. Porter was what he should now do given the knowledge and insights he had garnered concerning the complex character that was Lewis Macleod. 
He took out his mobile and brought up a number – a number that obligingly had not been withheld when a call was received a few days ago. His thumb hovered over the call button, but that was as far as it got. 
‘Too rash,’ thought Lee. Then he thought some more. He thought for the next two days.

Chapter 18
It was the opening day of the Australian Open, and Scott Taylor had just completed his first match as a commentator for ABC. It had been a fairly routine affair in the Hisense Arena - Gonzales winning without too much effort in straight sets. Scott had arranged not to commentate on the next match, promising instead to do a roundup of the other matches which were taking place on the outside courts. There was one in particular that he wanted to see, and Ben Harding, the production manager responsible for ABC’s coverage of the Open, was in full agreement that it could be a very interesting encounter: Court Five, where Lewis Macleod, the ex-Wimbledon champion, would open his campaign against an Australian qualifier. Ben had pressed for the match to be televised as he thought that it would prove highly entertaining, and would attract a lot of interest back home in the States, given the pre-match hype that the Aussie press had treated everyone to. But he had been met with strong resistance. Having one of his top commentators witness the match was the best that he could do.  
It was a strange experience for Scott as he walked through the grounds en route to the court. He had never felt this type of freedom at the tournaments before. Security had always been on hand, and he had been ushered around, rarely encountering any of the public. There were people who still recognised him, but few bothered him in any way. Just the one autograph had been asked for. So quickly forgotten! But that was fine for Scott who had always guarded his privacy.
The organisers were predicting record attendance figures for the tournament, and it appeared to Scott that they were off to a flying start. The place was heaving with humanity - more like a carnival than a tennis tournament. As he struggled through the crowds, he had the impression that every nation on earth had a delegation representing it. Youngsters mainly, casually dressed for the hot conditions, broadcasting their patriotism with painted faces and ruckus singing. The American flag was most in evidence - Jackson supporters were everywhere, still celebrating their countryman’s victory earlier in the day.
When he reached the court, Scott waited for a change of ends in the match being played before approaching the security officer at the gate of the ground. There was a lengthy queue of boisterous fans waiting to gain access, and there were calls of objection to what appeared to be queue jumping: good humoured in the main part, but not entirely. Too much amber nectar perhaps was lending a more sinister tone to a few of the comments. Scott chose to ignore them as he showed his credentials to the official. A media pass in itself would not have gained him automatic entry. A quota had been set for coverage and it had been long since reached. But Scott was an ex-champion of the tournament, and had licence to go where he pleased. He and he alone gained entry at the change of ends and joined the small crew of reporters at a corner of the ground.
As he surveyed the stands surrounding the court, Scott was struck by how animated the crowd were. It was an unusual scene for a match that didn’t involve a top player, or a local favourite. He remembered that Melbourne was always colourful and lively, but the fans had been extremely good natured. This, however, had an edge to it, something that he had never encountered in his own playing days. As the players returned to the court, shouts of “Go Aussie Go!” broke out from a group to his right, situated directly behind the umpire’s chair. Rather odd as the players involved were both Spaniards. Neither of them seemed particularly concerned with the chanting, however, and they spent the next half hour grinding out the remainder of their match to a conclusion.
As the players left the court, a few in the crowd decided to also leave - Hispanics who had actually turned up to watch their countrymen play rather than book a place for the main event of the day. As Scott looked around, he noticed Jim Murdoch sitting in the opposite stand, scribbling frantically in his notebook, logging observations and thoughts no doubt, in preparation for the next round, where hopefully Lewis would meet the winner of the match that had just been played. Scott had checked out the draw - he knew what Jim was about.
There was a temptation to go over to say hello to the coach. Scott had taken a liking to the old boy and his gruff manner, and admired him for what he had done. But he decided against it. Jim would undoubtedly quiz him on his decision, and Scott wasn’t quite ready yet to give an answer. Lewis Macleod needed to win this match first to make it relevant, and that wasn’t a foregone conclusion. And Scott Taylor needed to witness what happened - he needed to see for himself what the decision might entail.
Five minutes later, the next pair of players arrived. It was barely credible that anything could be heard above the buzz around the court before they got there, but the poor sods who stood sweltering outside queuing, but with no chance of gaining admittance, managed to make themselves heard. It was a mixture of cheers and wolf whistles, with the odd expletive thrown in for good measure that carried itself over the boundary, and in true Mexican wave fashion soon rippled around stands as the two men who would contest the next match on Court Five were escorted into the ground.
“Go Aussie Go!” rang out again and elicited a smile from one of the players, the more outwardly nervous of the two. He probably would have relaxed a bit - comforted by the support if that was all they had to offer, but sadly those nerves were compounded by some of the other shouts he heard. Shouts that might not have been directed at him, but were unsettling nonetheless. This wasn’t the scene he had envisaged for the biggest match of his young life - but it promised to be a memorable day!
The real target of the abuse took no notice. House music was blasting out of his iPod and into his ears, blocking out everything else around: a cocoon of electronic wizardry - a sound to mask the sound. It belonged to another world. But then so perhaps did Lewis Macleod. It was a thought on many peoples’ mind.
Once seated, a quick glance around the stands was all that Lewis allowed himself. He checked out where Jim was then he blanked it all out. Expressionless, he stared straight ahead, and tried to look inwards to a happier place. Impervious, he went through the mantra which Guru Murdoch had drummed into his head. ‘It’s just you and him - no one else. The ball, the net, the lines - that’s all you need to see. The sound of the ball on your racket - that’s all you need to hear.’
As Lewis repeated this nonsense, the volume of the music was gradually reduced, so that by the time the umpire called them for the toss, the music had been replaced by the noise of the crowd - a noise which Lewis could hear but somehow didn’t register. It was being funnelled away to some recess in his brain - an imprint that could fester for as long as he cared.
It was his opponent who seemed the more affected by the party atmosphere as the match began, and Lewis was quickly up a break. Serves were thundered and returns were cracked back, ground strokes were walloped and volleys biff bashed. Lewis Macleod was well in command and ran away with the first set. Twenty minutes was all that it took. He was having a bit of a stroll.
‘Rent a Mob’ behind his chair weren’t too happy about things, though. They were well pissed off by the ‘faggot’s’ display. This certainly wasn’t what they were looking for. They had been given a script and that woofter, Macleod, was getting his lines all wrong. Act two had best be better, or they might as well go home.
It didn’t bode well for them in the opening scenes. ‘Thunder, crack, wallop, biff bash.’ Macleod was all over their outclassed boy, and he even got some claps. Go Aussie Go? Well, perhaps they all should. Their boy was getting slaughtered by some nasty Scottish poof. It was practically all over, they’d given all they could. Heckle, barrack, jeer and boo. Macleod didn’t seem to notice, and it didn’t look like he was going to crack.
But looks can be deceiving - one call was all it took.
Stupid really! Seventh game second set - he was already up a break. Perhaps it was all too easy. That’s why his guard came down. A ball was called out that Lewis saw in. On a show court he could have challenged and watched the replay on the big screen, heard them ‘whoop’ as they followed the ball, see the verdict clear and bold: ‘IN’ or ‘OUT’. It would hardly matter which - it was just a point after all, and Lewis was well in control. Justice would have been done, either way, and then he could have moved on, still well in control. And control was what it was all about. 
But not here!
Here he had an umpire who refused to overrule and chants of ‘whinging queen’ that at last found their mark. One call was all it took for reality to come crashing through the barricade he’d erected. One call and then he cracked and told them all to ‘Go to hell’.
Well of course they didn’t! The fun had just started. No one had any intensions of going anywhere now. Not now that Macleod was getting rattled, and their boy had just broken back.
Lewis tried to pull himself together at the next change of ends. He tried to block it all out again, and pretend they weren’t there. Compartmentalise - that was the trick he was supposed to perform. Put them in a box, and make them disappear. He tried his mantra. A fat lot of good that turned out to be - he could hardly hear himself above the racket from behind. He thought about turning round and having a few words. There was plenty he had to say to that bunch of misfits. Lewis would happily give them a piece of his mind. But he thought better of it - he had already said too much. There was no point in encouraging them any further. Instead he turned to the umpire and asked if there was not something he could do to quieten the rabble and allow a fair match to be played? A splaying of hands was the response, which Lewis found a bit ambiguous. What was that supposed to signal: impotence; indifference? Either way, there was to be no help from there.
Back on the court Lewis tried to buckle down. He tried to blank it all out, this nonsense that surrounded him as the set drew to a close. It was far from a lost cause - win this set and that should be it. Even with ‘Rent a Mob’ egging him on, the Aussie lad was too inexperienced to come back from two sets down. But Lewis’s mind had gone on walkabout - it was heading back in time. It was off across the water to SW19, and what was left in Melbourne barely knew the game. Lewis flicked onto autopilot, and it wasn’t good enough. With ‘Rent a Mob’ egging him on, the Aussie lad took the second set.
The third set didn’t start any better for Lewis. The serve was with him, and some points had slipped away. 30-40 apparently was the score, but Lewis barely noticed that he was breakpoint down. He noticed the sound though – the ecstatic crowd and the choice phrases they shouted, none of which were ever going to help him out. Not even bothering to wait for quiet, Lewis went through the motion. He served a double fault to roars of delight. Who would have believed it – but it was happening again.
A few minutes later, Lewis stood behind the opposite service line, waiting to receive. The Aussie lad was about to thunder, but Lewis had already cracked, the will to fight had left him. In desperation, Lewis looked over to the area where he’d seen Jim earlier, hoping to find some inspiration. But there was nothing on offer - Jim’s head was in his hands, a defeated man. Only Mike, who sat beside him, had some encouragement to give - words that were lost amidst the chanting and abuse, and a clenched fist that he pounded on his heart. Lewis knew what he meant, but all he could offer was a grimace in return.
Of course ‘Rent a Mob’ loved it. They could see the defeat sitting on his face. The rest of the crowd had quietened down, awkwardly embarrassed by the display, both on and off the court. But those boys weren’t finished - they had scented blood and now roared for the axe to fall. A few more minutes and then they could enjoy the execution. 
But first there was a hush... 
Here it comes....
Then some silly sod went and spoiled it all! He too had a message for Lewis Macleod, taking the opportunity to cry it out, which wasn’t ‘fair dinkum’ at all.
“Remember, Lewis… It’s their prejudices…  Not yours. Their shame…  Not yours. You’re better than them… and you’re better than this. Now come on. Make us proud... Make him proud.”
That set them off again, didn’t it just!
Amidst the renewed heckling, Lewis turned round and searched the area in the stand from where the words had come. There he was, standing up bold as brass, taking no heed of anyone else. Once again Lewis looked into the eyes of Lee Porter and felt their power as he had done before. This time he welcomed it, absorbed it - allowed it to penetrate and awaken him from the nightmare.
Then suddenly another voice was heard through the melee. It seemed like everybody wanted to get in on the act. “Well said! It’s about time that somebody spoke out. This is the most disgusting exhibition I’ve ever seen at a tennis match. Mr. Umpire! If you can’t control that rabble behind you, then call for the referee now and have yourself replaced by someone who can.”
It hardly seemed real, but ‘fair dinkum’ it was, and reality was starting to come back. Lewis heard the words, but his gaze was still locked on, and held by Lee Porter, so no face was put to them. But the crowd could see, and most recognised to whom the words belonged. He wasn’t so easily forgotten after all – true sportsmen never are.
Whilst the heckling from the area behind the players’ chairs continued, the rest of the crowd started to applaud the words, and the gentleman champion that most of them knew. Enough was enough - and they’d had more than enough of that nonsense from behind the chairs. Eventually the admonished umpire gained yet another uneasy silence, and called for play to resume.
Lewis was still held, captured in a look; then he smiled as he nodded to Lee Porter, and a hold was broken by mutual consent.
It could only have been an hour later when Lewis shook hands with his defeated opponent. The applause might have been muted, but it was there nonetheless. After the hand shake, Lewis stood at the centre of the court and looked around. To each of the four stands he turned one after the other and gazed into the small crowd, gave them a wave and a bit of a smile, with perhaps just a tinge of sarcasm added in one direction. That was only fair. They were such a nice bunch of boys.
Having completed the square, Lewis looked around again, first to Jim, with a forced grin that disguised the disappointment that he felt for his silence whilst others had acted. Then to Lee, with endless questions in his eyes, and a gesture that said he would call him. A final look was made, but he didn’t know whom he sought - just a voice that could no longer be heard beyond a haunting echo of familiarity.
Chapter 19
Lee Porter watched Lewis as he packed his kit bag and was escorted from the court. Then he turned on his mobile and awaited the call. The stands started to empty, but Lee held back, not sure what to do now, or where to go. He needed some time to think. This was not one of the envisaged scenarios he had planned for during the weekend.
Lee had arrived in Melbourne early in the morning, and was booked on the last flight back to Sydney. He had an appointment with HIM Clothing the following day, and thought it best to keep his options open. But he hadn’t really expected to be making the flight.
Having got to the ground early, Lee secured his place in the stand on Court Five before the main crowd had gathered. It was the first time he had seen tennis played live at this level, and Lee was amazed at the skill and power of the first two players on court. Television seemed to dilute the intensity at which the game was played. He would have preferred to watch the action at close quarters, but elected instead to sit at the back. He didn’t want to be seen by Lewis when he played his match - there would be enough distraction for him as it was. That became all too apparent as the spectators behind the players’ chairs started to gather. As the first match progressed, and the antics from this small but unsavoury bunch intensified, Lee found himself watching that part of the crowd almost as much as the tennis. 
And then Lewis arrived, apparently indifferent to the hostility around. Lee should have felt annoyed – at least the cold calculating manipulative side of him should have been annoyed as indifference wasn’t the sentiment it was looking to exploit. But Lee actually felt pleased that Lewis appeared oblivious to the disgrace that was happening around him. Perhaps he had misjudged the lad, which was no bad thing: misjudged the situation, which was a bit of a shame as the potential fallout would have been a delicious treat; and misjudged himself, which was most surprising of all – perhaps he wasn’t the uncaring cad that he reckoned he was, driven by money and his insatiable cock, and immune to the frailty of emotion. 
As the match began, Lee put aside his scheming and simply enjoyed the game. He became so engrossed in the play that he forgot for a time the real motivation behind his visit – to be there at the end and reap the benefits of a negative reaction. But unlike most of the other spectators whose eyes followed the ball, Lee Porter’s followed Lewis. He was thrilled by the lad’s play, physically aroused by it - so different from what he had witnessed earlier in the day. Everything Lewis did was faster and more athletic. The points were finished quickly, usually by a winner at the net from the Scot. He was in total control, and Lee, despite himself, felt pleased for the boy.
Then the disputed call came, and the tunnel vision which Lewis had used to blank out the crowd, Lee included, was torn apart. And shortly thereafter, Lee watched as Lewis was torn apart, by the crowd and by his own demons. The selfish bastard in him should have felt elation, because this was what Lee Porter had come to Melbourne to witness. It was this that he had come to profit from in material and physical ways. It was not a pretty sight, but it was exactly what he had hoped for - at least when he had the safety of distance in Sydney.
But up close and personal it was all so different. Lee told himself that he wasn’t the cause, he was simply an observer – an observer who had come to feed off the carcass - and that sickened him as much as the gruesome pantomime unfolding. Too much had happened for Lee to act the selfish bastard. He could do it with ease with any other man – something that plenty could attest to. But somehow Lewis Macleod was different – with him a different rulebook got applied.
So Lee had called out. It was not how he had envisaged giving support to the player. He had not planned to make himself known until after the match, when he could play his own game dependent on what he had witnessed on court. But what he had observed proved too much to ignore, even for Lee, a man with a plan. A whole bundle of plans! But this didn’t fit into any of them.
As he watched the spectators leave until only he and a few others remained, Lee tried to gather himself. Had anything changed as a consequence of his action? The answer was yes, but perhaps not too significantly. Lee had come here to offer Lewis support, after the event, ideally in bed. Instead he had done so during the event, and to good effect. Surely this was better in the long run!
‘Oh yes!’ said the cold calculating part of him, which in Lee Porter was never that far away. This in the long run could be much, much, better – in so many different ways.
Lee’s mind raced with new possibilities which might satisfy all aspects of his complex character. Only one thing perturbed him about how things had unfolded - the other guy who had called out after he had done: an American who the crowd seemed to recognise. ‘Who was he then?’ Lee wondered. ‘And where does he fit in?’ There was no time to consider the answer. His mobile rang. 
“Hi, Lewis. Well done!”
“Well, that was a surprise. But thanks. I can’t thank you enough for doing that, and I can’t think of anything to say right now. I’m still a bit shocked by it all to be honest.”
“There’s no need to thank me, it was you that won the match. You would have done it anyway. And it was that other guy who really got the crowd to quieten down. It’s him you should thank if anybody, not me.”
“I know what made the difference, Lee - and it wasn’t a quieter crowd…  Can we meet up? It would be good to see you, now that you’re here.”
Lee thought for a moment then covered his bases. “I’d love to meet, but... I need to get back to Sydney this evening.”
“Okay… When do you have to be at the airport?”
“By seven at the latest.”
“That gives us a bit of time. Can you find your way to the players’ lounge? Head towards the main stadiums, then ask any of the officials, they’ll point it out. I’ll arrange for a pass at the door and see you there in about half an hour. Is that okay?”
“Sure. I’ll find it.”
“Good, I’ll see you then.”
“See you, Lewis.”
The call was ended and Lee Porter smiled. Oh yes! This was definitely much, much, better! 
Chapter 20
As Lee was leaving the court he was watched by Jim Murdoch, who had made his way over to the opposite stand where Scott Taylor was waiting for him.  Mike had already left, at Jim’s request, to try to catch some of the Mierskoff match, and do a bit of scouting on the coach’s behalf. Jim wondered who the man was. He knew that it was him that had shouted out when Lewis was all but beaten, and he had seen the impact of his words. The final words that Jim himself had used once to similar effect. Where had those words been for him today? That was just one of many questions that Jim Murdoch would seek an answer to. But it was a question for later - there was a different question that needed an answer now. He turned his attention to Scott Taylor, hoping that it would be a good one.
“Thanks for coming along, Scott. And for saying what you did. I’m not sure that Lewis would have got through that without your help.”
Scott had seated himself, having stood for longer than he cared to in order to watch the match. Ex-champions might be able to go where they pleased, but they weren’t necessarily guaranteed a seat when they got there. Jim took the chair beside him, and prepared himself for the verdict.
“It was embarrassing to witness,” said Scott. “The crowd that is, not Lewis. He did well to block it out for so long. Something should have been done way before I intervened. But it wasn’t really me who turned it around for him. Do you know who that guy was?” Scott Taylor had also watched Lee Porter leave and had a few questions of his own.
“No, but I suspect that Lewis does. It was weird how he knew exactly what to say.”
“Boyfriend?”
Jim was flustered by the notion, but he would no longer hide from the reality that was Lewis’s life and answered as honestly as he could. “No. I don’t know very much about what goes on with Lewis at times, but I would know if there was someone he was seeing, regularly like. No, there’s no boyfriend. I’m sure of that.”
“Well, he certainly helped - whoever he was.”
“As did you, Scott - as did you... Have you made a decision? Will you help him some more?”
“What exactly would you like me to do, Jim? And are you sure that Lewis would welcome my involvement?”
Jim threw up his arms and waved off the ridiculous notion that Lewis would object. “Of course he would. He was a huge fan of yours when he was a boy - watched you endlessly. He actually cried when you lost the Wimbledon final.”
“You’re making me feel old, Jim.”
“There’s older than you still out there. It was a sad loss when you retired. It would be great to see you back again in some way - really back, not just... Well, you know what I mean: back in the game, if only for a fortnight. Here - where it all started for you.”
“You still haven’t told me what you want me to do.”
“Whatever you can!” exclaimed the coach. “But if you’ve got the time, what I’d really like is for you to practise with him tomorrow morning, and then let us know what you think we need to work on for him to get through the rounds... for him to get to the final. Were you here earlier for the first match?”
“I only caught the last set. Lewis should beat him, we both know that. We just need to ensure that there’s no trouble from the crowd again. I’ll be having some words with Cliff Drysdale about this fiasco today. He won’t want a repeat, and he certainly won’t want the reputation of the Australian Open to be put into question. He knows that I’m in a position to raise those questions. The world will be watching the next match, and watching the crowd. I don’t think Australia wants to be shown in that sort of light. He’ll sort it out.”
“I asked him to sort it out for this match, but he played ostrich. Are you sure he’ll act differently for you?” asked Jim.
“He’ll act differently because it’ll be on television. I’ll make sure that it is.”
“Thanks, Scott. I appreciate that… So can you make it tomorrow? We’ll be here at ten. I can text you the court number when it’s been allocated.”
“Sure, I’ll be here.”
Jim tried to keep his excitement in check and pressed further. “That’s great.  Do you think that you could spare some more time later in the week?”
“I’m sure something can be arranged, but let’s see how things work out tomorrow first.”
“If it’s a matter of the fee, then we’ll pay whatever you think is right. Sorry, but I suppose I need to cover that.”
“No fee, Jim! It’s a pleasure to help out - really. I’m looking forward to meeting your young man.”
“He’ll be thrilled. I’ll go and find him now and tell him the good news. Thank you, Scott, for everything.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Jim.”
Chapter 21
Lewis quickly showered and changed, then went straight to the players’ lounge where he made the necessary arrangements for Lee to be admitted as a guest, and for a car to take him to the airport. As he entered the room, there was a momentary hush, before conversations resumed - no doubt on a different topic.  Lewis took no notice of anyone. He simply helped himself to some fruit juice then took a seat at an empty table with a clear view of the door. For a few minutes he alternated his attention between that door and some of the matches that were being screened around the room, but he was soon lost in his thoughts about his own match, and the man who had so mysteriously appeared at it.
Why was he here? 
There would be no simple answer, Lewis was sure of that. But he was here! And what now would he say to this man, a sort of modern day knight in shining armour, who regardless of motive had proved himself to be more of a friend than Lewis had ever suspected could be the case. There was no time to consider an answer, however.
A huge smiled covered Lewis’s face as he saw once again his ‘knight in shining armour’ enter the room. Lee spotted him immediately, and came over to where he sat. Lewis rose to greet him, not sure how to react. He could feel his heart pounding as he offered his hand. 
“Sit down,” said Lewis. “I’ve ordered a car to take you to the airport. It’ll be here at half five. Is that okay?”
“Yeah, of course,” said Lee, as he sat once again with Lewis, conscious of the similarity to their previous meeting. A similar scene, but set in a different world. This was Lewis’s world, and Lee needed to remember that.
“It’s a shame you have to go back so soon,” said Lewis. “It seems like every time we meet one of us has to dash off somewhere – you’d think we’re trying to avoid something.” 
“Perhaps it’s just as well,” replied Lee with a twinkle to his eye, “you’ve got a tournament to win, and I probably shouldn’t be here.”
“But you are here,” Lewis said, shaking his head as if in disbelief. “Fancied a day out, did you?”
Lee hung his head with feigned embarrassment then lifted it again like a naughty schoolboy who’d been reprimanded, with a glint in his eyes that was even naughtier. “I had a free day, and I thought it might be fun to come and see some tennis. You can get in here quite easily you know - not like at Wimbledon.”
“Did you enjoy it? Worth coming again?” 
“It’s really something. I never realised how good you guys actually are... how good you are! You really are amazing to watch at close quarters.” Lee rounded this off with another smile and a glint, the most exquisite form of teasing. 
“Well, it was quite a show you got to see,” Lewis replied, enjoying this game much more than the one he’d played earlier. “I think most people got their money’s worth today.  And thank you. It was very brave of you to do that... You could have got lynched.”
Lee shrugged as if it was nothing. “Something needed to happen. It was a bit dramatic I suppose. Typically gay! I hope I didn’t embarrass you. I know you prefer the low profile approach.”
Lewis threw a sarcastic grin. “Very funny!”
“It wasn’t so funny at the time though,” Lee replied, empathy drizzling all over the words. “I thought there might be some trouble, but nothing like what ended up getting dished out. It got way out of hand. How do feel now?”
“I’m okay. Glad you came along, though. I needed a friend.”
A hand reached out to give a reassuring pat on the shoulder, bringing the two men closer. “You had plenty of friends there, Lewis. They just couldn’t be heard for a little while.” The hand was then withdrawn but proximity was maintained as the subtlest enquiry was made. “That wasn’t your coach, was it: the other guy who shouted out and silenced them all?”
Closer to the man, Lewis breathed again the heady musk that caused havoc in his trousers and loosened his tongue. “No. I don’t know who he was, but I’d like to find out. I think I owe him a drink... Christ, I could kill for one myself right now!” 
“On the wagon?” asked Lee, nodding to the fruit juice.
Lewis answered naturally without even thinking, lost as he was in the sensuality of male scent and a physical splendour that seemed too good to be real. “Yeah, I need to be. You saw me down my last drop of booze ten days ago. Does it sound like I’m counting?”
He got another pat on the shoulder, accompanied by a waft from under Lee’s arm. “A bit - but well done,” said the smiling Englishman.
Dizzy on the overload Lee was exuding, Lewis wondered how he realised these things about him. No one outside his immediate circle was aware of the problem that had developed over the past six months, yet Lee had somehow managed to pick it up, throwing it so casually into conversation. But there was a more pressing question which he wanted an answer to, and it was time to ask it. “Do you remember... when you came over to talk to me that night... the first thing that I asked you?”
Lee backed off a fraction. “Humph! Yes… and you’re asking me again. Why am I here?”
“Only this time... I’m asking for real, not because I can’t think of anything else to say. I mean, I’m glad you’re here - I really am. Let’s face it, if you weren’t, I’d be out on my ear. Jesus, between you and the other guy, Mr. Mystery American, it was like the cavalry coming over the hill. Cheers and all that, but… why?  Why are you here, Lee? Why are you really here?”
Lee held the gaze that came at him, and held his nerve as he dished up the answer. “I came here to see you play, that’s all.” Then he looked away, rubbing his brow with his knuckles before looking back to the tennis player - a master tactician putting on a brilliant performance, or a man who for a moment forgot his purpose and said what he truly felt – even Lee wasn’t totally sure about that one. “That’s bollocks!” he continued. “Sorry… I did want to see you play, but I wanted to be around as well, just in case. I thought that something would kick off today, and I wasn’t sure how you would cope with it. I wasn’t sure how you would cope after it. It sounds really arrogant now that I say it… but I thought you might need me. I didn’t plan to shout out like that: to make a scene and have you notice me. I would much rather have just watched you win, no problems, and then slipped away quietly. But it didn’t seem like that was going to happen. Maybe I was wrong to call out - you would have sorted it out anyway without me interfering.”
Lewis shook his head where self-annoyance sat etched on his face. “No, I don’t think so.”
Again Lee’s hand came to rest on his shoulder, staying there this time. “Well, it’s done now… But that’s why I came here today, Lewis… In case you needed me.”
“I did. So thanks.”
“And now?” asked the teasing scoundrel, because he had already decided not to stay. 
The question floated in the air like a piece of bait for Lewis to bite on as he gazed on Lee Porter’s handsome face and absorbed again his intoxicating scent. It was another invite – more tempting that ever. Lewis considered for a moment the ecstasy to be had in surrendering to this man like so many others had happily done and no doubt been well rewarded. 
“Now I need to lighten up,” he replied with a slight shake of his head, and pulling away so Lee’s hand was forced to drop. The argument was persuasive, but not persuasive enough. 
It was not the answer which Lee had hoped for, despite the fact that he would have had to decline a more suggestive response. Distance was being created once again, but he had time to bring Lewis back. He was relishing this challenge, enjoying the chase. It would make it all the more satisfying when the end game got played out.
“Okay,” said Lee, “but if you need to talk through what happened here today - the crowd that is. Then call me.”
“I will, but I just want to put it behind me now. I’ll work through it in my own time, and when I do, I might need to talk to someone. It’s good to know that you’re there.”
On the far side of the room, Jim Murdoch stood watching them, as he had done for several minutes. He saw the touches and the looks that were being passed between them, and wondered again who this man was, and how he had come to feature so prominently in Lewis’s life without any announcement. Jim was glad that Lewis had not seen him as he’d entered the lounge, as an introduction would then have been forced on him. Curious as he was to find out about this man, it was perhaps a step too far for him right now. And whatever was happening over there, Jim felt that he had no place in it, so he decided to leave. The news he had could wait. It was clear that Lewis had other things to concern himself with at present.
It was an awkward situation though, as they had arranged to meet in the lounge after the match and then drive home. Jim decided that he’d leave it for half an hour. Lewis would call him when he was ready. But if he had heard nothing by then, he would make the call, probably return… and face the introduction.
“So why do you have to get back tonight, surely you’re not working?” asked Lewis, drawing a line under the previous topic.
“No. I’ve got a meeting tomorrow with a clothing company. Hopefully there’s a sponsorship deal to be had.”
“To wear their stuff you mean?”
“Yeah!” explained Lee as he sat back in his chair, creating a little more formality for this part of the conversation. “Just like you get sponsored to wear brand names when you play, we get sponsored to advertise them when we’re at the gigs, and through images that appear on the net, or in magazines. It’s nowhere near your league, but it helps to pay the bills.”
Lewis took a sip from his drink, gesturing to the bar as he deposited the glass – an offer which Lee declined with a wave of his hand. “Would I know them - this company?” the tennis player asked.
“You may do. HIM Clothing: Australians who want to break into Europe. Hopefully I can help.”
Lewis nodded his head. “I’ve heard of them - they do tennis gear. Is it a big deal for you?”
“It could be. That’s why I have to get back.”
“Can I help? I owe you a favour, a big favour.”
Lee knew the answer, but it wasn’t the one he would give, not yet anyway. “Don’t be silly, you don’t owe me anything, Lewis.”
Another shake of Lewis’s head refuted this. “That’s not true, I do. I owe you a lot, Lee, and not just for today.”
The Englishman smiled. “Well, once you’ve won the tournament and can have the odd drink again, maybe you can buy me a beer and we’ll toast your success.”
The Scotsman smiled back – old enemies, new friends. “Sure. But I’ll buy you one anyway, even if I don’t win the tournament. There’s just this outside chance, you know… that I might not.” 
They shared a laugh at that, the mood staying light. “What happens after Melbourne?” Lee then asked. “You said you have some other commitments. Where do you go to next?”
“Tokyo.”
Lee let out another laugh. “That’s a long way to go for a beer. When will you be back in England?”
“April probably, for a few days at least before the European season kicks off, then again in June. There’s a trophy with my name on it that I need to collect.”
“Maybe I’ll get my beer in April then.”
“Okay.”
They paused for a moment and looked at each other, both tempted again to revise their plans – say ‘Sod it! Let’s have one now, and while we’re at it, let’s get a room!’ But the moment passed as both knew it must, Lee being the first to find his resolve with an alternative proposal. “I still think you should come to the Mardi Gras. I’d love to be able to show it to you. It’s an amazing atmosphere. You’d enjoy it.”
“You’ve been before then?”
“Yeah, I came here a few years ago. Just on my own. Not working - a holiday. Why can’t you do the same? Have a break from it all. I think you need one.”
Lewis slowly shook his head. “It sounds tempting, but you know I can’t do that. Just take off and party for a while. The tour is just so intense. It’s impossible to cut loose without suffering for it. I want to give my career a shot. You must understand that - to get to the top, you need to be dedicated. I know you understand that. I know you’ve had that sort of dedication. Nobody ends up looking the way you do… without dedication.” 
Lee absorbed the compliment with neither arrogance nor humility, simply acknowledging a statement of fact. “Yeah, I understand, Lewis. And I know that it would be awkward for you to be associated in any way with me. That’s why I felt bad about shouting out today. I know I joked about it, but I’m serious now – I don’t want to be an embarrassment to you.”
Lewis shook his head again. “I am embarrassed. Because I did think that way, when I first met you... No… not when I met you, but afterwards... Later, when I thought about you… I thought you might be an embarrassment to me. That’s terrible. All you’ve done is help me. I wish I could put that right in some way... Perhaps I can.”
Once again, a hand was placed on his arm, as it was ten days before. Lewis looked at it, placed his own hand on top, gently caressing it. He looked at the eyes, and he could feel their power once more, he could feel their desire. There was no question in either of their minds now… the desire was clearly there, strong and primal – nothing needed to be faked.
“I need to keep focus, Lee. I need to give this a shot.”
“It’s okay. I understand,” said Lee, placing his other hand on top of Lewis’s.
“You always understand.”
The moment was interrupted by the doorman, who had wandered over to their table and coughed discreetly to announce himself. “Mr. Macleod, the car you ordered is waiting outside, sir. Shall I tell the driver you’ll be down shortly?”
“We’ll be down in a few minutes. Thank you,” replied Lewis.
The clench was broken as Lee leaned back into his chair and stretched, muscles forced against the fabric of his tee-shirt then relaxed as he stood to leave. “Okay, Lewis, maybe I’ll see you again someday. I hope so.”
“Of course you will. I owe you a beer. I’ll give you a call if that’s okay?”
“Sure thing.”
Lee offered his hand, but Lewis refused it. “No. I’ll come down with you.”
They left the room and walked down the staircase to the unattended door below, Lee in front - Lewis behind enjoying the view. When they reached the bottom, Lee stopped before opening the door and turned round. He placed his hand behind Lewis’s head, and softly stroked his hair, then gently pulled him towards him, resting his brow on Lewis’s. They raised their heads, slowly, brow against brow, then nose against nose, till lips touched - just the merest brush then pulled away. Lee’s hand was brought forward from behind Lewis’s head to lay on his cheek as he smiled into his eyes.
“You call me, whenever you need to, whenever you want to. I’ll be there for you, Lewis. Goodbye.”
With that he turned away and opened the door, allowing the evening sun to flood through into the hallway where Lewis still stood. A moment later, Lee was in the car and gone.
Lewis returned to the lounge and sat down at the same table to gather his thoughts. He knew it was going to be a tough day, but would never have guessed at the events that unfolded. The match he would prefer to forget about. In the same way, a part of him wanted to forget about Lee Porter. That had been the plan after all: to compartmentalise; put him in his box, and keep him there until the Open was finished. But it would be more difficult now - Lee had made sure of that in spectacular fashion. How could he forget those words that Lee had said, when he was all but lost on the court; or forget his lips and the musky scent of him; the touch of his hand on hair and cheek? How could he forget how much he wanted him - the burning desire that he felt there and then, and would stay with him long into the night? A desire that Lee’s image could never now satisfy, only his reality would be capable of that. No, Lee Porter would not be compartmentalised. There was no box that Lewis could hide him in now. He would have to be faced… much more so than the match.
His reverie was disturbed by his mobile ringing - it was Jim. ‘Shit!’ he thought. ‘I was supposed to meet him here after the match. Where the hell’s he been?’ It was with infuriating realisation that the answer came to him.
“Jim! Where are you?” asked Lewis frostily.
“Sorry to have kept you waiting, Lewis - I’ve been arranging something for tomorrow. I’ll be there in a few minutes if you’re ready.”
“Right you are, Jim.”
“Are you okay, Lewis? You’re not letting it get to you, are you – the match I mean?”
“No, Jim, not the match. I’ll see you downstairs at the door, unless you want to come up for a drink before we head off?”
“No, I’m fine, Lewis. I’ll see you at the door.”
An awkward silence persisted between them as they drove back to the house.  Lewis didn’t mind too much, he didn’t really want to talk about the match, not yet anyway, and he thought it best to hold his tongue on the other big topic of the day. Sadly, Jim had no such restraint. He had too many questions to let things lie as they were. Eventually he plucked up the courage to mention the day’s events. Not even a tickle of foreplay. Jim Murdoch cut straight to the chase. 
“I thought you’d lost that, Lewis... Christ, I felt powerless to help. But... somebody helped. Is he a friend? Seemed like more than just a fan.”
“Aye, I know him, Jim. We met in Sydney.”
“Oh, I see. When was that then?”
“The night before we left... It’s not a problem, Jim, is it - to have a friend?”
There was acid in Lewis’s voice, which should have told Jim Murdoch to back off, for the time being at least, but the silly old codger pressed on - stuck out his chin and begged to be hit. “No, not at all!” Jim announced. “He certainly did the trick and got your head back together. I would have liked to have met him and said thanks.”
“You could have done, if you’d just come over to us in the lounge earlier.”
Jim was shocked, too shocked to see the bluff, and he folded immediately, “I didn’t realise you’d seen me, Lewis. I didn’t want to interrupt you.”
“You were right - I didn’t see you... just a guess. I mean, let’s face it, you can’t cope with the idea of me being with a man, so I can imagine what it must have been like for you to walk in and actually see one sitting there beside me... Did you recognise him? Did you know it was him - the one that shouted out? We were just sitting there, talking, that’s all. You could have come over, said hello, said thanks… acknowledged him.”
“That’s not how it was, Lewis. I just thought you might want some time to yourselves.”
“Bollocks!” Lewis snapped, his anger reaching fever pitch – months of suppressed annoyance now finding a vent. “What’s going to happen, Jim, if I get a boyfriend? If somebody were to start travelling with us on the tour - sleeping in my room, strange noises in the night… and in the day as well with a bit of luck. How the hell are you going to cope with that if you can’t even bring yourself to come over and say hello to someone - someone who managed to help me today? Was it that awkward, that embarrassing, to be near two gay guys?”
Jim’s silence was answer enough. Lewis knew fine well that that was the case so he really let loose with words that would have been best left unsaid. “Of course, maybe I’ve got it wrong. Maybe you were embarrassed for a different reason. I mean... what were you doing when he was calling out - shouting out his support for me? Had you actually managed to lift your head out of your hands by then?”
“Lewis!”
“Can you pull over please?”
“We’re almost home, Lewis.”
“It’s not my home!” yelled the lad, blinded by his rage. “It’s a house we rent. I don’t have a home... Not anymore. Now can you pull over? I need to get out of this car. It’s been one hell of a day and I’m lashing out. You’re too easy a target for me just now, Jim.”
The car came to halt and Lewis unfastened his safety belt. “I’ll walk from here. I might be some time... I’m sorry, Jim - I shouldn’t have said those things. I know you’re trying... His name’s Lee, by the way. An Englishman! But still, eh, it could be worse. At least he’s not a Rangers supporter.”
Lewis got out of the car and closed the door. He’d said enough, and he’d heard enough, but Jim needed a few words more. The windscreen rolled down. 
“We need to talk, Lewis, about tomorrow.”
“I’ve got enough to contend with just now, Jim, trying to come to terms with today. Let’s just leave tomorrow where it belongs for once.”
“But, Lewis...”
“But enough, Jim! Please... just let it go, will you?”
“Okay,” sighed the coach, accepting defeat. “I’ll see you in the morning then, if I don’t see you later. Remember, you’re on court at ten.”
“I’ll be there for it, Jim, don’t you worry.”
Lewis watched the car as it pulled away, and then he headed off in the opposite direction. There was nowhere in particular he wanted to go, just a house that he wanted to avoid – a house that was over ten thousand miles away from the place he once called home.

 
Chapter 22
Jim Murdoch read the note for the second time, and then he tried to call Lewis on his mobile. He was told that the number was not available at present.
“Shit,” he said. 
“What’s the matter?” asked Fiona. 
Jim looked round to see his wife who had just emerged from the bathroom towelling her wet hair. “Lewis has gone AWOL again,” he told her. “He was supposed to come back here after his run this morning and then we were all going off to the courts together. But he’s gone straight to Melbourne Park with Mike instead. This could end up really embarrassing. I needed to speak to him first.”
Jim tried Mike’s number, but the same message was given to him.
“I’m not following you, Jim. Has this got anything to do with last night and Lewis not coming back with you? You still haven’t told me what happened there.”
Jim tried to shrug it off, but Fiona persisted and forced an answer out of him. “He was a bit upset with things. Well, you can imagine he would be after that fiasco yesterday. He let loose at me. I probably deserved some of it, but most was well out of order, and he knew it. I thought that he would have let it go by now, but apparently not.”
“He can’t blame you for what happened, Jim. You warned him that it was coming. None of it was your fault. He must know that.”
“Aye, he knows it. I should have done something, though... There’s a man involved now. He was there at the match - shouted out to Lewis when it was getting to him. It was him that sorted his mind out... I should have gone over to them... I should have said hello.”
“You’re losing me again,” said Fiona as she put down her towel and came over to join her husband.
“In the players’ lounge - after the match,” continued Jim, knowing that she’d have it out of him at some point or other. “I saw them there. I should have gone over, but I walked away. And Lewis sussed it out.”
“Oh... Do you know who he is?” asked Fiona, having quickly appraised the situation. She understood exactly why Lewis would have been upset with her husband and had a good mind to box Jim’s ears for being so stupid, but doubted if that would help the situation.  
“His name’s Lee, apparently – an Englishman. That’s all I know. They met in Sydney at that party he went to.”
“Well, I can understand that he would have been a bit touchy yesterday. And yes, perhaps it was a mistake not to have gone over to them, but it’s not something that Lewis is going to sulk about. I bet he just wanted to spend some time with Mike this morning, you know, somebody nearer his own age to have a chat with. Just leave it - he’ll be fine.”
“Hopefully, but I still need to get down there before he gets to the court. I wouldn’t like him to bump into Scott Taylor before I get the chance to talk to him.”
“And what has Scott Taylor got to do with things?”
“He’s going to help out this morning, and hopefully for the rest of the tournament. I was going to tell Lewis about it yesterday but he never gave me the chance.”
Fiona took a step closer to her husband and gave him half of what he deserved: she kissed him on the forehead as she cupped his ears. She would decide later, after a chat with Lewis, if they would still end up getting boxed. “You’d better go then,” she whispered, smiling contentedly to herself. Yes, she would probably box his ears later on, and then they could spend some time making up. Jim Murdoch might be in his early-fifties but he was still a fine looking man with a healthy libido, and Fiona had always enjoyed the making up.
Chapter 23
Fiona had been right - Lewis wasn’t holding a grudge against Jim. He had felt embarrassed about his behaviour the previous evening and didn’t want to face the old boy first thing. But he did want to face Melbourne Park – he was here on a mission: to confront it on his own terms. That was one of the things he had decided whilst walking alone around the city streets – he needed to show more grit and steely resolve, fly in the face of all his detractors. ‘I’m here and I’m queer, and you’d better get used to it, because I ain’t gonna go away!’ That on a tee-shirt might be an idea, with maybe a punchier slogan. Okay, so perhaps it was pushing it a little too far, but Lewis was determined to show face at least, with his head held high - not skulking around like Jim would encourage, sealed inside a bubble of denial that any old prick could burst. So he and Mike had taken a cab there, leaving a note for Jim saying that they would meet at the practice courts at quarter to ten. Mike had taken him through some stretching followed by an easy run and they were now heading in the direction of the practice courts. It was quarter past nine and the sun was shining as you would expect at this time of year, but the morning did have some surprises in store.
“Come on, Mike. We’ll take a wander around and see who’s about. Do a bit of talent spotting,” announced Lewis, who had also decided on his walkabout the previous evening that he mustn’t allow himself to get hung up on Lee Porter, as that would be a recipe for disaster. “There are bound to be some fit guys around and a few cute girls for you to drool over. Those Russians, eh: all legs and blonde hair. Right up your street I would have thought.”
Mike stopped in his tracks, stunned that Lewis had brought up a subject he was normally so reserved about. It wasn’t something that bothered him. He wouldn’t be working for Lewis if it did. But it was a topic that Lewis had never spoken to him about, and something not to be shied from now that he had.
“You can’t go lusting after any of the blokes on the tour!” the trainer laughed. “You might have to play them some day.”
“So?”
Mike accepted the answer, and it was a perfectly good one. “So!” he echoed. “I never really thought about that. Does it happen?  I suppose it must. You end up playing someone that you fancy. Shit a brick!”
“As far as they’re concerned, I fancy every single one of them,” said Lewis with a chortle. “Well, maybe not all of them are of that opinion – I’d say our noble leader Tommy Jackson’s above that sort of stuff, but most of the others probably do. Of course some of them are right, there’s definitely a few guys on the tour that I’d happily have a roll around in the sack with, but not as many as you might think. I can be surprisingly fussy. Come on, with a bit of luck we might find one of them, with a Svetlana on an adjacent court. Keep us both happy.”
“Does it put you off at all, when you’re playing them?” asked Mike as they wandered off again.
“No. It probably affects them more than it does me. I don’t play to it, though. That would be silly. That would make me no better than those arseholes in the stands yesterday. No, when I’m on court, no matter how horny the other guy is, sex goes right out the window. All I see is someone that I want to grind into the ground. I know what most of them think of me, and that helps. It makes me want to beat them all the more. To get beaten by a poof, now that must piss a lot of them right off.”
Mike quietly sucked a breath at the harshness of the reference. He knew that Lewis was being unfair, but perhaps necessarily so at the moment given what had happened yesterday. It sounded like he needed to get some things off his chest. “Is there no one on the tour that you get on with?” he asked to keep the flow going.
“Not really – well none of the men at any rate. They tend to keep their distance. Not good for their image, I suppose. It’s better that way. Being friendly is all very well, but it would make it harder for me if I had to play someone that I actually liked. Fancying them is one thing - I can deal with that easily enough. But having to thrash someone that I liked, you know, as in a mate - that wouldn’t be so easy. So it’s just as well I’m unpopular really, that way I don’t have to worry about it...” Lewis came to another halt, having delivered one of the messages he had formulated last night – a component of the grit he had mentally mustered. But he felt the grit crumble as he looked off to his right, and what came out next was far from prepared. “Hold on a minute! Would you look over there? Now that’s what I call real talent, Mike... in every sense of the word.”
Mike halted as well and looked at the man whom Lewis had pointed out. He was playing on one of the courts, thundering ground strokes across the net at some hapless opponent who was clearly struggling to deal with the ferocity of the shots.    
“Scott Taylor, yeah?” asked Mike.
“Aye, that’s him. I wonder what he’s doing here?”
“I heard he was working for ABC as a commentator.”
Lewis raised his eyebrows as he received this news. “Scott Taylor –a commentator! Well, well! Still, it’s a bit keen, wouldn’t you say - retired from the game and out on the court at this time in the morning.”
“He obviously wants to keep in shape. And he’s doing just that by the looks of things.”
Lewis nodded. “Makes it seem easy, doesn’t he?”
“Not easy for his opponent!” answered Mike with a chuckle. “The poor guy’s all over the place. Did you ever play him?”
“Sadly not,” replied Lewis, the regret obvious in his voice. “He retired before I got the chance. Shame, because I really wanted to play him, just to say that I’d done it. To have been on court with Scott Taylor - God, that would have been something. He would have ripped me apart, but I wouldn’t have cared... He was so good... He still is. Look at those ground strokes. Just murders the ball. I did see him in action though, at Wimbledon when I was in the juniors. It’s a crying shame that he didn’t win it.”
“Do you want to go over and watch him again?” suggested Mike. “We’ve got some time to kill before Jim gets here.”
“Do you not think he’d mind?” asked Lewis, assertion evaporating in the morning heat.
“He can only tell us to bugger off. I’m sure he wouldn’t, though. Remember the nickname?”
“Gentleman Scott Taylor... and he deserved it – the best role model the game ever had... But what about the Svetlanas with the long blonde hair and even longer legs?”
“They can wait. Come on. You might have seen the great man play, but I haven’t - and he’s less likely to tell me to bugger off if you’re around.”
Lewis gave him an ironical laugh. “Don’t be too sure about that.”
“Well, let’s find out.”
They walked over to the court where Scott Taylor was playing and stood watching him through the fencing surrounding it. It was a haunting experience for Lewis, his mind returning once again to Wimbledon, where as an eager sixteen year old, Jim Murdoch had taken him to watch the world’s top player practise. Then they’d stood like he and Mike did now, watching discreetly, never making a sound, Lewis in awe, transfixed by the man who was, and still remained, his sporting idol. 
As they watched, Lewis wondered who the opponent was. He didn’t recognise him. At first he thought it must be someone in the draw that Scott was helping out, but watching the play it seemed unlikely. The guy just wasn’t good enough. But then perhaps that’s what Scott Taylor did: made other people look ordinary. 
He had certainly made every other man on the tour look ordinary to Lewis during his competitive playing days - and it wasn’t just those incredible ground strokes that did the job. In addition to his undeniable tennis skills, there was a manner about him that drew the eye to his side of the net: quiet nobility. Gentleman Scott Taylor appeared like a man sure of his place in the grand scheme of things. No gamesmanship or underhand tactics would ever be required or even considered for Scott to win the day. He believed in himself and his own ability and wore that belief like some mystical aura - a true king dominating his court.
And then there was his face! That was something that drew Lewis’s eyes as well: that freckly face which somehow cut him to the core, not brutally handsome, but rugged and vibrant and sexy as hell under the light ginger hair that shone proud in the sun - a crowning glory for tennis’s king.
And as if that wasn’t enough to make all the rest disappear - those poor rascals that attempted to compete with this god of a man who at one time reigned supreme - he had those gorgeous legs with their amazing thighs... and of course he wore those outrageous shorts! Scott Taylor, God bless his little towelling socks, was a devotee of the old school: a throwback to the eighties when players were still gentlemen and their shorts were still short and deliciously tight. Even without all the tennis talent he possessed, Scott was the player Lewis would have watched – if only for those outrageous unfashionably short shorts and the teenage fantasies they inspired.
Sadly, unlike the hair, the shorts were now longer and nowhere near as tight, but Lewis would still have been happy to stand there all day and pick up a few tips about ground strokes whilst he revisited teenage dreams. All thoughts of Lee Porter temporarily disappeared as the old muse in Lewis’s private life took centre stage again. He might not be physically perfect, but he was pretty darn close. And the passage of time had not hurt him at all – if anything he looked better than what Lewis remembered: wonderfully matured and at the peak of his attraction.
After a couple of minutes of unabashed lusting, there was a break in the game that was being played. Scott Taylor looked over to where Lewis and Mike were standing and stunned the youngster with a smile from that rugged freckly face, and then stunned him even more so when he started to speak.
“How are you doing, Lewis?” he asked.
“I’m fine thanks,” the lad stammered in return. “I hope you don’t mind. Is it okay for us to watch for a bit?”
“I think it would be better if you got your racket out and we played a few points.” Then looking to his opponent, Scott asked, “You don’t mind if we finish now, do you, Tony?”
“No trouble,” he replied sounding rather relieved. “I’m sure Mr. Macleod will give you a lot more to contend with than I can.”
“Are you sure?” asked Lewis, already moving towards the gate and pulling a racket from his bag. “I don’t want to interrupt your game.”
 Scott looked at him a little confused. “We might as well start now, Lewis.”
Lewis was equally confused by his answer, but had no intentions of arguing. This was an opportunity that he wasn’t going to miss: at long last he would get to play tennis with his idol. And not only that – do so in public, here at Melbourne Park. Who needs a tee-shirt with a corny slogan when you can send out a message like that!
Of course the moment got the better of him when they started to play. Lewis felt like he was a kid again - and there he was, the former world’s greatest player on the other side of the net, giving him a lesson and whipping his butt. He was too wrapped up in the experience to actually play any real shots - to hit the ball with any venom or intensity. He was just so happy to be there – to have been accepted in this way, by the person whose opinion he valued more than any other in the sport. Then he realised what a pitiful display he was making. Acceptance was brilliant – a real boost to the confidence and an aid to creating grit. But it was more than acceptance that Lewis wanted from this man – he wanted the opinion to be good. It was Scott Taylor after all, his childhood idol, and if there was one person he didn’t want to appear useless to on a tennis court, it was him. He told himself to stop messing around and make a show of it - let Scott see that he had a game as well. There was no player that had ever affected him on court, and this should not be an exception.  
To any casual observer it would have appeared Lewis succeeded, raising his game and locking horns in a battle. He started to get to grips with those famous ground strokes, defended staunchly then countered with his own. Scott’s shots were brutal – hard and accurate with disguise and spin. But they had lost the razor sharp edge of the past and Lewis soon had the measure of them. Instead of being dictated to, he changed the nature of the points, increasingly venturing to the net and finishing the rally with a crunching volley. The more they played, the more Lewis realised that he could take control of the rallies and choose when to end the point. But he didn’t choose to do it quickly – that’s where he unconsciously failed in his task of not letting Scott affect him. What he chose to do was play within himself: to extend the rallies, and win just enough. He didn’t want to grind this man into the ground. There was too much respect for whom he was and what he had achieved. 
When Jim Murdoch arrived at the courtside twenty minutes later, he looked at the two players with a mixture of horror and relief. Spotting Mike, he quickly dashed over to get the lay of the land.
“Mike! Mike! What’s happening? Does Lewis know?” 
The trainer flicked him a glance, tearing his eyes away from the exhibition that was happening. He was finding it intriguing: the fact that they were playing in the first place; and the way Lewis was tackling the points. He was sure the lad was holding back. “Know what, Jim?” he absently asked.
“That Scott’s going to help out today.”
Now that got Mike Crawford’s full attention! He looked at the coach in shock for a moment then spluttered out a choke of laughter. “Bloody Nora!’ he exclaimed once he’d found some control. “Now there’s a turn up for the books... But did you not think it would have been an idea to have mentioned this, Jim? I mean... Oh fuck! You realise that Lewis thinks they’re just having a friendly knock up. Scott’s out there assessing the lad, and he’s not getting a true picture. You had better get this sorted out PDQ Jim.”
“Aye, all right! You distract Scott for a minute, while I go and have a word with Lewis.”
“Distract him? What, shall I sing Dixie or something?” joked Mike, aware as he was of Scott’s Southern heritage.
“Just go and introduce yourself!” snapped Jim, in no mood for frivolity. “Tell him how chuffed you are that he’s helping us out. Butter him up! I’m sure you can come up with something.”
“All right – I’ll go and do some arse licking... Best of luck with Lewis!”
They entered the court together, Jim calling out at the first break in play. “Can I have a quick word, Lewis?”
He got a scowl of mild annoyance which didn’t bode well. Jim feared that his boy was still seriously hacked off with him and that an untimely scene was about to be made. But instead of a tongue lashing he got a question in response. “It can’t be time already! Surely we don’t have to go yet?”
“Can you just come over here for a minute, please?” Jim persisted.
Lewis could hear the strain in his coach’s voice, and reluctantly headed towards him. He too was worried about an unfortunate scene – Jim kicking off and embarrassing him in front of Scott - who for some odd reason was being hijacked by Mike. 
“Come on, Jim,” Lewis said quietly on reaching his coach. “So I had a wee tantrum yesterday. It’s not that big a deal, surely.”
“Never mind that!” blurted Jim just as quiet. “Has he said anything to you?”
“Scott! No... Well, not much. Why do you ask?”
“Then what’s happening here?”
“What does it look like? We’re playing some points. I was watching him for a while and he invited me to have a knockabout. Do you not realise what this means to me? It’s Scott Taylor for heaven’s sake, and he asked me to play with him. Me! Here! In front of anyone who cares to stop and gawp! Now can I get back out there? He’s probably only got the court till ten... then we move on.”
“He’ll be moving on with us,” growled Jim. “That’s what I was trying to tell you last night. Scott’s agreed to help out with your preparations over the next few days.”
Lewis stared at him in disbelief. “You are kidding me!”
“No. Now don’t show me up. Just act like you knew.”
“When was this sorted out?”
“Yesterday, after your match - I had a word with him once you left the court.”
Lewis’s jaw dropped whilst his mind did a few summersaults. “He was at the match? Are you telling me he saw that?”
“Aye, he was there.”
“Bloody hell!” Lewis exclaimed, not overly happy. It was hardly the performance he would have chosen for his idol to witness. Then pushed by one of those flips going on in his mind a penny finally dropped. “Hold on a minute! It was him, wasn’t it? He was the other one who shouted out. What’s going on, Jim? How the hell did you get someone like Scott Taylor to work with me?”
“Questions later, Lewis. He’s coming over, so keep it cool... Ah, Scott! So you found him then!”
“He found me,” replied the American as he joined them, Mike grinning wildly at his side. “I was getting some practice in before having to face him, but got caught short.”
Still in a daze, Lewis stood to the side totally tongue-tied. None of it seemed real to him. He was the kid again, dumbstruck in the presence of his idol. He couldn’t comprehend how this had come about. Just to have been on court with Scott Taylor was a dream fulfilled, to have his acceptance was a massive boast to his battered ego – but to work him, that didn’t seem possible.
“We should go over to our court now,” said Jim. “I can see Mario waiting for us. Lewis, will you go on ahead and start knocking up with him? I want a word with Scott. We’ll be there in a minute.”
“Sure, Jim,” replied Lewis. Then as he was walking off he turned to Scott Taylor, unable to contain the beaming smile that spread across his face. “Thanks for yesterday... And thanks even more for today. I don’t understand why - but thanks anyway.” With that he trotted off to join Mario, with Mike Crawford trailing behind - the trainer whistling merrily to himself and it had a distinctly Confederate sound. 
“He didn’t know, did he, Jim?” asked Scott as he watched Lewis move away. “And what’s with that trainer of yours? He’s whistling Dixie, I’m sure he is! Is that an example of what you Brits call - taking the piss?”
Jim glared at the trainer and mentally cuffed his ears. “Yes on the last one. But don’t take offence – it’s me he’s taking the piss out of, not you. And as for Lewis, well, that’s my fault. We had a few words last night - nothing serious, he was just upset. What with one thing and another I never got the chance to speak to him about this. Don’t blame the boy.”
Scott nodded, seemingly placated. “I’m sure he was upset. There are not many people who could have walked off the court yesterday and not be affected by what went on. And Lewis definitely isn’t one of them. Anyway, perhaps it’s for the best. I certainly got the chance to see what he can do. He’s quite something, Jim. Really in your face when he attacks. There weren’t many players I came across who could dominate the net the way he can – and he wasn’t showing me anywhere near his best. It’s no surprise that he won Wimbledon. Let’s go and see what needs to be ironed out so he can win here as well.”
“Do you seriously think that he can?” asked Jim excitedly.
“As I said – he didn’t show me his best. And because of that I’d say there’s three, rather than just the two people who could stop him winning the Open: Jackson, Gonzales... and himself. And it’s the last one that’s the biggest threat.”
Chapter 24
Scott Taylor sat quietly as Jim took Lewis through his practice session – he’d played the lad enough, it was time now to observe. With his all-court game and wealth of shots he possessed, there was plenty for the American to consider, but Scott realised quickly that there was no need for any immediate input with regards to Lewis’s game. He had seen the Spaniard that he would face in the next round, and had no doubt that the young Scotsman would win comfortably as long as he remained focused. Having already met with Cliff Drysdale, Scott had done all he could to ensure that there would be no serious crowd trouble at the match - and Drysdale was now onside, fearing an outcry if such a debacle was repeated in front of a global television audience. He had also got hold of some footage of Lewis’s matches, and planned to study them to see what may have to be worked on for the following rounds. But that was for later - just now he was more interested in the man himself.
‘Man?’ thought Scott. 
 Yes, he was a man alright – a modern day warrior in the peak of condition, brandishing a weapon with a tattooed arm like a gladiator in an arena. But it struck Scott that Lewis was more like a boy at times. He had certainly been childishly overawed when they first met, and again after their knockabout, when Jim told him about the arrangement. Even now when he was playing like a man on court, he kept looking over for approval like a child. 
Scott wondered if that was the gay thing, but doubted it. There didn’t seem anything obviously gay about Lewis. He came across as no different to most other young guys, which was a heck of a relief to the American. There were no effeminate mannerisms or inflections of the voice that suggested Lewis was in any way different to the rest of the players on the tour. The only difference Lewis exhibited was in his approach to the game - something which had become manifest in the points they had played. He didn’t try to demonstrate his superiority, but played within himself. Winning wasn’t everything for Lewis Macleod - that’s where they were different. Scott would have allowed nothing to prevent him from winning and achieving his goals, from getting to the top. But Lewis would – he had already done so. He had announced to the world his sexuality, knowing that it would make life so much tougher for him on the tour. That was something that Gentleman Scott Taylor would never have done... even though he’d been tempted on several occasions!
The events of yesterday had horrified him. It represented everything that Scott had feared and had studiously endeavoured to avoid. It was the main reason for his sacrifice, or so he had convinced himself. There were so many sacrifices he had needed to make in order to become the world’s number one tennis player - leaving unexplored the deviant side of his sexuality was just one more.
Scott knew from an early age that he had an attraction towards other men, but his strict Methodist upbringing in America’s Deep South didn’t lend itself to coming out and professing to this profanity. And of course professional sportsmen, a club that Scott was determined to join, were not in any way gay - that was a simple fact, or so he had always understood. Scott therefore tried to ignore his feelings and the sexual attraction he felt towards his fellow men. He tried to convince himself that these emotions didn’t exist – or if they did happen to surface alone in bed at night, then they were viewed as nothing more than a means of relief – an added twist to the sin of spilling his seed, and not something that anyone should know about. To coin a phrase: it was just a phase he was going through – something he’d grow out of – that’s what Scott kept assuring himself. He was destined to become the world’s number one tennis player - how could he possibly have any gay tendencies? The two were irreconcilable – diametrically opposed states that couldn’t possibly co-exist, at least such was the mentality of the time.
He didn’t grow out of it, even though he tried to convince himself that he had. Resolutely dogged and dedicated to his quest, Scott turned the situation into an advantage: men were totally forbidden, and whilst he did find women attractive as well, they didn’t hold the burning mind-twisting sort of allure that sends most young guys crazy, forsaking all else in the pursuit of getting laid. So sex wasn’t a major issue for one of America’s brightest rising stars. All his energy was channelled into his tennis. Nothing else was allowed to get in the way.
Once he got to the top, things changed however. He was single, good looking and a multi-millionaire, which adds up to one hell of an aphrodisiac for many a young girl, so there were plenty of floosies anxious to throw themselves at him, and plenty of gossipmongers watching his reaction. Desperate to fit into society’s norm and the stereotype expected of him, Scott went with the flow for a period of time. Well it wasn’t as if he was incapable of rising to the occasion – and he did quite enjoy having sex with women. It was pleasant, but not all consuming, too often feeling like he was going through the motions. And he was conscious that despite being blessed with formidable equipment, his efforts weren’t exactly earth-shaking. There was too much faking going on from all concerned, and Scott feared he was being unfavourably compared to other guys on the tour. That could never do! He was the leader of the pack – the alpha dog who should be able to satisfy the bitches, not see them wagging their tales at an inferior mutt who just happened to be better at rolling with them in the muck. And what might they say behind his back? The last thing he wanted was for suspicion to be raised, or in any way lose the respect of his peers. It was all fraught with too many negatives... That’s when Scott decided to find himself a wife.
Carrie-Anne was her name – a physiotherapist with very strong hands and even stronger Christian beliefs. Scott found her innocence charming, and convinced himself that he’d fallen in love – and more importantly, he convinced Carrie-Anne. She was perfect for him: pretty and sweet; naive to the core; and a virgin who wanted to stay that way until she gave herself to a husband after he’d put a wedding ring on her finger and legitimised the act. That happy event took place six months later – Scott giving a performance that was far from champion, but good enough for a woman who’d no experience to judge by.
It kind of worked for them both. Scott had his ‘beard’ and Carrie-Anne had a husband who was totally faithful, her only rivals for his affections being the sports of tennis and golf which he’d taken to playing as well. They muddled through for a few years, Scott battling with the injuries that were now plaguing his career, Carrie-Anne biding her time, waiting for the end and a new beginning, which inevitably came when Scott was forced to retire.
But instead of the child that Carrie-Anne passionately wanted, she saw their marriage fall quickly apart. If there was a child then Gentleman Scott would be tied through obligation, and that wasn’t something he could inflict on either of them. He wasn’t prepared to turn the rest of his life into a jolly facade which would hide the misery that lay beneath. Carrie-Anne looked to the church, praying for guidance and an immaculate conception, because her husband certainly wasn’t doing his duty anymore. Scott spent most of his time on the golf course praying for a hole in one and grounds for release. ‘Irreconcilable differences’ was eventually agreed, and divorce was granted just over a year ago. 
So it was no stroke of luck on Jim Murdoch’s part that had landed Scott Taylor and enticed him here today. The American had resisted plenty of similar approaches, but found the prospect of working with Lewis far too tempting despite the potential risk to his reputation. The lad had intrigued him ever since he’d come out, doing so in such dramatic fashion. Macleod had shocked the world and rocked Scott’s perception – so it was possible to like men and also be a champion! That unprecedented announcement had thrown up so many questions: could it be that Scott had judged it wrong by electing to suppress one side of his ambivalent sexual nature? The answer was no! The lack of subsequent success for Lewis suggested too great a burden. And if ever there was a doubt then yesterday’s debacle convinced Scott Taylor that he could never have walked a similar path without regret. His tennis came first. The sacrifice was worth it. But where did that leave him now?
Wanting to help – that was for sure. Scott didn’t think of himself as gay – bisexual perhaps, ‘curious’ was a term that sat much better with him – but call it what you like, he’d kept it to himself. So in a way he felt indebted to Macleod for accepting the mantle that he had refused, making it easier for others who might follow in his wake – something that he hadn’t done for Lewis, but had the opportunity to amend for now in some way. 
And wondering! His playing days were behind him, at least at the level Scott wanted success at, so where was the obstacle for him to take the plunge and satisfy his curiosity by sampling a little of the life that Lewis Macleod apparently valued above success on the tennis court?
Everywhere was the answer! Half a lifetime spent in denial had created plenty of barriers which years of fame had only compounded. There was a devout family to consider who would be shocked and appalled if ever such a thing were to reach their righteous ears. And there were countless friends and acquaintances who would feel betrayed at the perceived subterfuge he had shown. There was his reputation and legacy to consider – a place in the Hall of Fame at risk. Those were the easy ones, and there were plenty more - Scott could make a list that would run to several pages. But weighed against this was a more than ‘curious’ nature that after years of suppression was yearning for release. And now to trump it all there was Lewis Macleod – openly gay and needing his help... and worryingly disturbing in so many wonderful ways!
Chapter 25
“So what now?” asked Lewis, as they gathered outside the court at the end of the practice. He was feeling somewhat deflated after the earlier elation. Scott had said very little during the one hour session, despite all the looks Lewis had thrown him, urging the American to give some input.
“Now I need to shower and get ready for my new masters at noon,” answered Scott. “There’s nothing you need to worry about for tomorrow, Lewis. Just play your normal game. It’s more than good enough. Just keep your focus and I’m sure it’ll be fine.”
Lewis nodded, pleased about the praise but feeling disconcerted – the prospect of a shower dominating his mind and ruining the focus he’d been told to maintain. It could be a tricky situation – the locker room always was now that he’d come out. Not something that he normally fretted over as few of the facilities ever involved communal showers, and blinkered vision stopped the potential for offence. But somehow the idea of being in the locker room with Scott had a different dimension – too many teenage fantasies had their roots in there, with his sexy American idol at the centre of them.
Pre-occupied as he was, Lewis didn’t pick up much of the subsequent conversation...
“Sorry I have to dash off,” Scott continued, picking up his kit bag. “But I’ll speak to you all later once I’m finished for the day. I’m not covering any of the evening matches.”
“Oh well, if you’re free then come round for dinner if you like,” Jim enthusiastically suggested. “The wife’s a good cook, so she won’t poison you. Then we can have a proper talk.”  
Scott took a moment to consider this. Since arriving in Melbourne, he’d fallen into the habit of having dinner at the Langham with a group of friends and colleagues that was forever changing depending on availability. It was comfortable and very routine, but lacking in spice like a lazy marriage can be. The decision was fairly easy. “That sounds good, text me the address... Any particular time?”
“Whenever you can make it - around seven would be good though” replied Jim. “Is there anything I should warn Fiona about?”
Scott laughed and patted his stomach. “Just tell her to make lots! I don’t need to worry too much about what I eat now... Are you coming, Lewis?”
“What, to dinner? I would imagine so,” said the lad, awoken from his teenage reminiscing.
“I meant to get changed,” corrected Scott. “We can have a chat en route... Or have you still more training to do?”
Quickly recovering from his gaff, Lewis looked to Jim and Mike who both shook their heads - neither man apparently had any cause to hang around. Lewis would have told them to bugger off anyway if they did come up with something. Awkward or not, this was too good an opportunity to miss, and it was at Scott’s suggestion so he was obviously fine about the situation. “No! I think I’m done for now,” he replied, hoping he didn’t sound too keen and that he wouldn’t end up making a complete tit of himself. 
Jim and Mike decided to wait for Lewis in the car park which was in the same direction as the practice court locker room. So they set off as a small group – a player and his entourage, similar to many others wandering around Melbourne Park at that time, although this one was pretty special given the two stars that it boasted walking at the front. 
Lewis was conscious of the eyes that noted the pairing, but more so he was conscious of the man beside him – a former champion who was sending a message of support and who was more than living up to his status as an idol. Close as they were, Lewis could feel his presence: rugged virility, oozing musk and perspiring sweat in the heat – sweat that soon would be washed away in a shower, which was an image that Lewis tried to put out of his mind. 
“Thanks again for helping out this morning,” he said as a means to that end. “I really appreciate it.”
“Appreciate what in particular?” asked Scott. “Being given the chance to whip my butt on court?”
“I didn’t!” protested Lewis, feeling an easy blush forming. This wasn’t how he’d hoped to start the conversation, and sadly it was about to get worse.
“Yes you did!” insisted the American in his soft Southern drawl. “I hardly won a point once you got going. You gave me plenty, but I didn’t win many.”
It was a fair cop - there was no point denying further. “Sorry... I didn’t mean to be...”
“Condescending?” suggested Scott.
Lewis’s mind went into a spin. That wasn’t a very good word. He opened his mouth and let out a barrage of panic. “Shit no! Is that why you wanted a word with me? Are you angry? Have I gone and blown this? Are you going to cancel dinner and tell Jim you’ve changed your mind about helping me?”
“I think no is the answer to all of that...” laughed Scott, easing the tension he’d deliberately created. “...Unless I missed something in the babble. But I’m interested to know why you did it. Not many others on the tour would have been so generous.”
The answer was easy, and honesty was best, especially now that there was a smile on Scott’s face. “Respect!” offered Lewis. “But I suppose if you realised, then it didn’t come across as respectful...”
“Forget it... No actually don’t! That’s not helping, and that’s why I’m here. Remember not to let respect or anything else get in the way of thrashing your opponent.”
“Okay!” said Lewis mightily relieved. “Hey, my first tip! So what else have you got for me? To be honest, I felt like stopping halfway through the practice to ask what you thought. Do I really have to wait until this evening to find out?”
“For the details... But all in all, I was pretty impressed. Although I wouldn’t have been if you had stopped and asked – that would have been a loss of focus, like the constant looking over was. So here’s tip number two – forget about everything else and just concentrate on the game.”
“Like yesterday!” said Lewis feeling a twist in his guts, for here was another awkward subject. “Thanks again for intervening... I suppose that’s what you really want to talk about.”
“You got it!” confirmed Scott. “So, have you worked out why it started to go wrong for you yesterday?”
“What – beyond all the homophobic abuse?” quipped Lewis, still a little touchy to put it mildly. 
“You know what I mean.”
“Yeah, sorry... You’re right of course – it went deeper than the abuse. And it’s something I need to sort out - I already decided that.”
“Of course you do, and do it soon, or else you might find that you’re doing it on court, and that’s the wrong place to have to deal with that sort of experience.”
Lewis took a moment and allowed painful memories to come back - Scott’s presence beside him like a sort of confessor making it bearable to drag them up then spill them out. “I suppose that’s what happened yesterday – why it started to go wrong. I wasn’t just dealing with the crowd here in Melbourne - I was dealing with what happened at Wimbledon last year. I ran away from that one - couldn’t cope with it at the time, so I just blocked it out and forced it down every time the memory came back. The call triggered it – and I was back there, trying to deal with it and failing miserably.” 
It was now Scott Taylor’s turn to take a moment to reflect. He felt touched that Lewis had opened up to him so much; warmed by the vulnerability that he wore on his sleeve as clear as the tattoo; and sympathy for the burden Lewis had brought upon himself. All of it added to the young man’s attraction which was powerful in Scott’s opinion. But openness could also be a dangerous weakness – an infection that the American didn’t feel inclined to catch – not yet at any rate. Scott knew he needed to keep up his guard. But there was a burning question that he had to ask, and now he had an opening.
“Okay, so Wimbledon was a bummer – but you need to deal with it or what happened on Monday will happen again. You were lucky there was someone who managed to snap you out of it... Is he a friend?”
Lewis drew a deep breath. It was the second time that question had been posed to him and it felt just as awkward as the first. But he reckoned that Scott’s motives were different from Jim’s, so there was no acid in his voice when he replied on this occasion. “Yes. I suppose you’d class him as a friend of sorts. I don’t know him all that well though. He’s just someone who’s appeared in my life lately. Quite dramatically you might say – but then he is a bit of a showman.”
Scott made no immediate reply. Instead he made his assumptions about what Lewis had meant. Assumed that there was a relationship in its infancy, despite what Jim Murdoch might think. He had watched the man as he left the court yesterday, just as Jim had done, wondering who he was, and what part he played in Lewis’s life. He had seen the looks that were exchanged, both during and after the match. There was definitely something between them, and he sensed that this man would have a further role to play in the fortnight to come. In an objective sense that might be good as he’d certainly worked wonders yesterday. But at the subjective level, Scott had serious reservations, which in itself was a concern to the American. It was with a mixture of professionalism and personal curiosity that Scott pressed further.  
“Why was he able to turn things around for you? He did, that was obvious. Was it what he said, about prejudice and shame, or was it just because he was there?”
Lewis was stunned by the question. It was sailing a bit close to the wind, and not what he would have expected from someone like Scott. Most people would have been told to mind their own business, but not this man - there was too much respect and a huge amount of gratitude to take that sort of stance against him. But how should he answer an either/or question that missed the central truth? It was neither one thing nor the other, but a combination of Lee’s dramatic appearance and the poignancy of the words he had used – not about prejudice and shame which was neither here nor there – but about making his dead father proud, for that had always been the driving force behind Lewis’s tennis – the platform on which he had built his young life. Lee Porter had perceived this through mystical means, and used it subtly, masked in high drama, reminding Lewis of what was really important, while most other people heard a different message – including his idol, Scott Taylor. 
No answer appeared forthcoming as they arrived at the entrance to the practice courts’ locker room. Worried that he might have pushed too far and raised suspicion about his motivation, Scott put on his mentor cap and tried again using some justification this time around. “Sorry, I don’t want to pry into your personal life, but if you want me to help, and it’s there on the court, then I need to understand what’s going on in your head. That’s where the matches can be easily lost - in the head.”
“You’re right there!” said Lewis, appreciating the reasoning. “Look, I need to think through what you’ve said before I can answer you on that. I’ll do it today - think about the match, and what happened around it, and then I’ll tell you tonight...” He paused and looked behind. Jim and Mike had veered off to the car park and were safely out of earshot. “I’m not sure if I can do it with Jim around, though. That sounds like a problem, doesn’t it?”
Scott nodded. “I would say so. I’m guessing you and Jim have a few issues at the moment. Try and sort those out as well. But whatever you decide, don’t alienate him. He’s your best ally, and he thinks the world of you.”
“I know! And I had a go at him yesterday as well. I feel bad about it, but I think we’re all right now. I’ll take it on board, what you’ve said.”
“Good,” said Scott, as he patted Lewis’s shoulder, leaving his hand there for a moment before opening the locker room door. 
Chapter 26
There are actually several locker rooms at Melbourne Park. The most prestigious being the ones linked to the Rod Laver Arena, where, even though he had never played there, Lewis had his own personal allocation. There are eighty-seven in total for the men, and they’re assigned to the top ranked eighty-seven players. For this year’s tournament, Tommy Jackson as the world’s leader was given first choice, and had taken number four as he was chasing his fourth Australian Open title. Other superstitions came into effect moving down the list, or occasionally vanity dictated proximity to a mirror, while the majority just took one at random. Lewis’s was at the far corner of the remotest aisle, tactfully discreet should he get the chance to use it. And he’d taken one similar in the practice court locker room, well away from the other guys who’d been in there that morning when he’d dropped off his kit. 
He headed towards it following his now customary routine: don’t look at anyone who might be naked, don’t give anyone the satisfaction of taking offence. And in this instance it was even more important that he behaved himself and not embarrass his idol. Unfortunately that wasn’t going to be as easy as it could have been, because Scott followed him to the end aisle and stopped at his own locker which was only a few yards away on the same side!
Lewis could scarcely believe it. He had dreamed of this scene as a horny young kid, jerking himself off as he imagined all sorts of things. And now, here he was, so close to the man, practically side by side as they started to strip. Lewis tried to behave and put on the blinkers, but the closeness of him, the sense of him, his rich sporty odour and the aura of Scott’s presence, all acted like magnets to the lad’s wayward eyes. Glances were sneaked as the top came off – just the merest glimpses, but they were more than enough to send Lewis into a tizzy. The American’s torso wasn’t perfect by any means – not pumped up with muscle like Lee and his boys, skin shaven to show it off to best advantage. There was fur on the chest, more auburn than ginger, and freckles where the skin wasn’t covered by hair, and if the truth be known a little layer of fat around the stomach, although not enough to disguise the ripped abs beneath. Rugged again was the impression created, and for Lewis Macleod, as sexy as sin. 
It got better, it got worse: it became tormented ecstasy rolled into one as shorts came off and a jockstrap was revealed. All in a fluster, his heart racing with excitement, Lewis did likewise and another look was sneaked. He wasn’t left disappointed! Tennis as a sport certainly helped a man there, developing muscles and keeping them firm. And from what Lewis could see in the split second he allowed, Scott Taylor was still a champion, with a bubble-butt ass that was absolutely stunning. 
Forcing some calm and a towel around his waist, Lewis decided he’d ventured enough. But the gay gods were smiling on this reluctant voyeur as he turned and headed toward the shower cubicles – before him was a mirror and in it stood his idol, offering a full frontal, and the man was seriously blessed, with a long dangling dick that had been circumcised at the end to reveal the pink tapered head!
Teenage fantasy revisited? 
No! The reality was infinitely better. Lewis hastened to a shower cubicle with the image still fresh, and there he stayed for an inordinate time, till he was thoroughly clean and totally spent.
With time more pressing for him, Scott had already showered and was partially dressed by the time Lewis emerged from his cubicle wearing a towel round his waist and a sheepish expression on his face. The American was standing at the mirror fixing his tie as the lad approached.
“A tie eh!” commented Lewis, deciding that conversation would be better than an awkward silence. “Do you really have to wear one in this heat?”
“No. I don’t have to,” Scott answered smiling at him through the mirror, “but I prefer to look smart for the job.”
“Is this the first time you’ve done the commentating thing?” Lewis asked as he approached his corner locker.
“Yep,” replied Scott, “but I’m not sure if it’s really for me.”
“Why are you doing it then?”
“I got restless playing golf.”
From the corner, Lewis turned to face the man in the mirror and beamed him a smile that lit up the room. “Aye, I can understand that,” he said. “I played it once myself and got restless after ten minutes. It’s supposed to be Scotland’s national sport, after losing at football that is... but I couldn’t take to it at all.” Then he turned away and got on with the business of dressing himself.
Scott stayed where he was, purposely readjusting what was already fine. He too had enjoyed a few sneaky glances earlier, and enjoyed another one as Lewis discarded the towel then pulled on a pair of shorts, exposing for a moment what was unquestionably the young Scotsman’s finest asset. It was a ruse Scott had used many times before. His was the luxury of the closeted ‘curious’ who could take advantage of the locker rooms without suspicion. He had done it for years, checking out the guys, but knowing that nothing would ever happen. He would never have risked that, and none of them would ever have been available anyway – or so he had always assumed. But now, here with Lewis who was openly gay, things were very different.
‘Is he available though?’ Scott wondered as he completed the knot in his tie, watching Lewis as he continued to dress. ‘Probably not!’ was his conclusion. ‘He’s interested in the other guy, and I can understand why.’  
Flicking his gaze to his freckly face and shirt clad torso, for the first time Scott Taylor started to question his physical worth, wondering how he compared to Lee Porter, the man whose name he didn’t yet know. He feared it was unfavourably – the guy he had seen was ridiculously good looking with an incredible body that was verging on perfection. But perfection wasn’t everything – Lewis fell short of that with his tennis player’s torso, yet Scott much preferred him to the mysterious friend. And Scott had to admit that there was probably little that could compare more favourably to the smile that he had just witnessed. A smile that he hoped to see again that evening, when Lewis would tell him about the man in his life: the man with the words, and the perfect physique... the man that somehow had made all the difference.
Chapter 27
In the eastern section of Sydney’s central business district, the subject of Scott’s deliberations was shown into an office where Anthony Jenkins, marketing director for HIM Clothing, was waiting. Lee Porter looked around, aware that environment can say so much about a man. The room was minimalist, with only a laptop disturbing the steel and glass work surface, some modernistic white seating which matched the walls, one of which was adorned with a very tasteful Miró print – The Flight of the Dragonfly before the Sun if Lee wasn’t mistaken, and he rarely was when it came to fine art. But Miró was outdone by the view the room afforded, with a full wall of glass giving a stunning panorama of the harbour and Farm Cove.
This was absorbed in a matter of seconds, as was Anthony Jenkins. He was tall and slender, angular in his features with long black hair swept back behind his ears, in his late-thirties although he would pass for less. Lee knew this, as naturally he’d done some research before the meeting – research that had turned up some interesting dirt, such as Anthony’s preference for big hairy men, whose attentions he enjoyed courtesy of an escort agency. So Lee himself wasn’t Anthony’s type – which was fine – as he fully intended to win the man over with a business proposition that didn’t involve jerking him off. 
After a few initial pleasantries whilst sizing each other up, Anthony outlined the plans he had to take HIM Clothing into the new markets of Europe and North America. Lee listened to the pitch, which was full of good intensions, and recognition of where the company needed to be, but had little substance on how they were going to get there. That was good news to Lee – that meant there was an opportunity, and an idea had been forming in his calculating brain.
“I’ve looked at the photo shoot. It was very impressive. You do us justice, sir,” said Anthony at last getting down to the real business of the meeting. “The problem is, how can we use you? I’ve gone through your website as well. That’s the most obvious area where we could work with you - having our swimwear modelled by you and your charming employees around the British clubs, and pictured on the site advertising the name. Perhaps you could tell me more about how you’re doing that with other brands.”
It was Lee’s turn now to do a pitch, and it was his standard one that he gave: nothing too exciting. No need. All he wanted at present was to secure the bare minimum of sponsorship for the clothes, and a percentage of any sales made via his website. It wasn’t a difficult sale he was making, HIM Clothing would certainly benefit, with little risk. Lee would be just another channel, and a useful one. They performed the dance and agreed to go ahead. Base one had been reached. Now for the real fun! 
Lee played his opening cards, eager to see what Anthony was holding. “But what about the bigger picture?” he asked. “Not just in the UK, but across Europe, the States, and even here in Australia? You’ve seen the photo shoot. That’s what brought me to you, not the website. If you’re going to make a launch into new markets, then you need to go with an image - go with a body. If I’m honest, that’s what I would be most interested in helping with.” 
Anthony slowly shook his head, dismissing the idea. “We thought about that, but some issues were raised, and I have to say, I personally don’t see you as the best choice for a mainstream advertising campaign. You’re well known in the gay community, but the market we want to hit goes way beyond that. We have to be careful about not appearing too gay, and alienating the larger market.”
“That larger market wouldn’t be aware of me and my position in the gay community. Most male models are gay. What’s the real problem?”
“As I said, you’re too gay in appearance, too... how can I say it: too perfect for the straight market; too well developed if that makes sense. We feel that a more natural look would be better - and I’m sorry... someone younger. If we were to use you, there would have to be an angle. I can’t see one.”
As much as the words stung, Lee was prepared. He had hoped for something better - hoped that they saw him as their ideal. But he knew that the gay ideal, which he had aimed at and achieved, was not one that crossed over to the straight world with the same impact. Not to worry though, Lee had an ace up his sleeve.
He sat for a moment as if appearing to consider, drumming his fingers irritatingly on Anthony’s desk. He watched. He waited. And then he sprang. “An angle?” repeated Lee. “Can I run something past you?”
“Sure. Fire away. And could you stop...”
Lee stopped the drumming, giving Anthony the impression that he was in charge. “I assume you are aware of Lewis Macleod, the tennis player?” he casually threw in.
“Of course! Most of Sydney knows about Lewis. He’s not exactly flavour of the month here.” 
Anthony was dismissive, but Lee could see from his expression that he was fascinated to know where this was going. Sure that his fish was nibbling, Lee baited a little more. “His recent coverage was unfortunate, but still newsworthy. He’ll be even more newsworthy if he does well in Melbourne, especially if he makes the final.”
“That’s unlikely,” replied Anthony curtly, but his curiosity was heightening nonetheless.
“I wouldn’t be too sure,” countered Lee. “He did win Wimbledon, so there’s no reason why he can’t make another big final. And when he does, there’s going to be a big story around it, especially in the UK which has got to be your prime market to launch into Europe from.”
“I’m listening, but I can’t see why it would be such a major event. If he were to win, now that would be different.”
Lee stared at Anthony, his face a poker-player’s stony mask. “Do you remember how he came out?”
“Yes, he did it straight after winning Wimbledon. From a marketing point of view, it was suicide. I’m still not with you.”
Lee nodded. “It was definitely naive from a marketing perspective, but he had his reasons. The thing is though - he inadvertently created a marketing dream for someone with the vision to use it. It was the way that he announced it that the story will come from when he makes the next major final, regardless of whether he wins it or not. In a way it might be better if he lost – but the result won’t really matter...”
“Continue!”
“...He told the interviewer that winning Wimbledon didn’t make it his perfect day. That day would come when he played another final, and he had his perfect man sitting in the box watching him. And when that happens, you can be sure that the world’s media will want to know all about that man: the man in the box; the perfect man, whose presence could make the perfect day for Lewis Macleod... even if he lost. What would you say if the man in the box was the model who was launching your campaign... globally?”
Anthony Jenkins stared at Lee Porter, his mind racing with the possibilities. As was his habit when he wanted to concentrate, he stood up and went to the window and looked out over the harbour. It was one hell of a view - and one hell of an angle he had just been presented: one Anthony knew he could explode and exploit. He was under a lot of pressure to come up with a strategy to break into new markets, and this had a huge appeal. He calmed himself before speaking however, appreciating the difference between pipedreams and reality. He gave his response without even a cursory glance at Lee. “I would say if this were to happen here in Australia, we would be very excited about the possibilities that it could offer. The impact in the UK would be undeniable. And yes, I could see that it could be used elsewhere.” Only then did he turn round and look hard into Lee’s eyes. “But are you telling me that you are in a relationship with Lewis Macleod? That doesn’t sound very likely given the events of two weeks ago.”
Lee offered up the merest smile. “No. Not a relationship - but I know Lewis, he’s a friend. I think he would agree to me appearing in the box on finals day, should he get there. He might not give his blessing to a campaign, but there’s little he could do to stop it. You’ve seen my website - can you imagine the exposure I’ll get if I appear alongside him in public, at the final! The press will make the story, it doesn’t matter how much of it is true. All we need to do is benefit from the coverage. Launch your campaign the day after the final.”
Anthony returned to his desk, excitement growing at this unlikely but feasible prospect, his mind racing with questions and plans. “I fear that your friendship with Mr. Macleod would be at serious risk if you were to exploit it in such a way. Are you comfortable with that?”
“I’m sure we’d both get over it. He’s a tennis player – if he makes the final then he’ll be happy with that, especially if he wins... Could you be ready in time?”
Anthony’s sharp brain was already running through an outline plan. “We would need to do a shoot well in advance. Then the initial advertising could be arranged to break on the Monday after the final... Can we test the waters? Why wait until finals day? Get in the box earlier, and then we would see how the media react. Hysterically, I should imagine, given what I saw on your site.”
“That could backfire. Lewis might be reluctant to invite even more coverage by allowing me to appear again in the box.”
“I assume he knows enough about you to realise the implications of your appearance in the first place. He would foresee the coverage. If he were to agree once, then I can’t see that a repeat would be such an issue. It’s a risk, but a necessary one. I need to be sure you can deliver before going ahead with the preparations. We could develop the story as well. Manipulate the press. Get them to speculate if you are the man who will make it the perfect day for Lewis Macleod. As you say, it will be the press who make the story. It doesn’t matter how much is true. It certainly wouldn’t matter one jot to me, or my campaign, if Lewis Macleod’s perfect day was a sham.”
Lee knew he had him hooked. He had allowed him to make it his own plan. It was exactly how he had envisaged it himself. “Okay, I’ll get in the box for a televised match.”
“That alone might make you more useful to us. Even if not, I’m sure it would do your career no harm at all. The final, though, that would be massive. Unfortunately, it’s but a dream. Somehow, I suspect you could get there, Mr. Porter... but sadly not Lewis. We will be ready, however, in the unlikely event that he does.”
“I suggest we do the shoot as soon as possible - one less thing to worry about in the second week. I may be spending a lot of time in Melbourne then. I can call you from there to discuss the terms for your usage of the material, should both Lewis and I make an appearance in the final.”
“Makes sense,” agreed Anthony. “I’ll contact you tomorrow and let you know when. It’s been a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Porter.”
Chapter 28
It had been quite a day!
Lewis had spent much of the latter part of it lazing by the pool or floating around in it. Conserving energy was important during the slams, with the potential of a five set match every other day, which in the heat of Australia could be seriously draining. And it gave him the opportunity to think a few things through, which given recent events came as something of a blessing.
Long gone were his mother’s bigoted ranting, and his annoyance with Jim over his recent behaviour – it was the world at large that Lewis needed to consider. He’d already decided the previous evening that he had to toughen up his act and face the world with its plethora of critics and potential for hostility. Easier said than done, but yesterday had shown that hiding wasn’t the answer – keeping a low profile and hoping for the best. That was the coward’s path, and he’d been taught from an early age to confront adversity and take the braver option. He’d tried to do it once then stupidly shied away, taking solace in drink when it all got too much, which was hardly the sort of behaviour to inspire pride in anyone, let alone do honour to a memory that would be forever perfect. Lewis was determined to sort things out once and for all – rise above it, or go down in a blaze of glory in the attempt.
And then there were the men! Well there always would be for someone like Lewis, although he had hoped they would come singularly rather than in a conflicting pair!
It was the men who really dominated his thoughts – two contrasting men who had come into his life so unexpectedly – men of fantasy who were now acutely real and had become factors in the tournament. 
First there was Scott Taylor who was going to help him! He’d already made a massive contribution: shouting out yesterday; watching him today; giving a few tips; playing some points and walking beside him in full public view – that was truly a treasure to hold dear, being openly accepted by the man Lewis revered beyond all others in his sport. It was a massive boost to the youngster’s self-worth. Time would tell if Scott would add much value as a mentor, but simply his name being associated with Macleod’s was a clear message of support to all the detractors. 
Of course there was this small complication: the fact that Lewis had lusted after him since the day he’d dropped his balls. And it was a lust that was now refuelled having seen his idol naked – the guy was seriously hot, rugged and horny and hung like a horse – a real inspiration to take to the shower and use to good effect. But secret inspiration was as far as it could go. Scott was totally straight as far as Lewis was concerned, so it would be insane to think anything else. Any attempt to step over the platonic line would be hideously embarrassing for all concerned and show serious disrespect. And above all else, especially after today, Scott Taylor deserved Lewis’s respect.
As of course did Lee Porter! There was another source of inspiration, and a worthy rival for the American idol in the lusting after stakes. But for what he had done yesterday, Lee deserved respect for more than just his fine body. Lewis still suspected that there was an agenda afoot, something beyond the thrill and kudos of adding a Wimbledon champion to the obscenely long list of men that he’d serviced. But Lee had proved himself to be a friend of sorts, and it would be a treat indeed to be added to that list – the sort of treat that Lewis was in serious need of after a fortnight of abstinence and the teasing voyeurism of today. Inspiration is fine, solo pleasuring a healthy past-time - but it falls a poor second to the real thing with a real man. 
And there was the rub! With the exciting complication of having two figures of erotic fantasy now real in his life, Lewis had to remember that it was Lee, not Scott, who was the man for that particular job. Getting hung up on a self-professed gay stud might be a mistake, but getting hung up on a straight guy would be folly beyond belief, and young Macleod had made enough mistakes of late where sexy big hunks were concerned. 
The call from Lee came early in the evening when Lewis was in his room. He laughed when he saw the name displayed on his ringing mobile. It was as if the guy was psychic, knowing that Lewis was thinking about him – thinking about his body and a feast of flesh that was hungered for, much more than the dinner that was being prepared at the time. 
Best wishes were offered for the match the following day. Lee enquired after his chances, which Lewis thought were good. Then Lee asked him how he saw the rest of the tournament unfolding, giving no indication that he’d already studied the draw and had formed his own conclusions. Lewis took him through the likely opponents, impressed that Lee was taking such an interest, and explained to him that the first real threat would probably come on Monday, in the fourth round.
“If it’s the Aussie,” said Lewis, “then it’ll be on the main show court, for sure. He’ll probably be their last hope, so it will be the big match for the spectators and TV. That means it’s bound to be in the Rod Laver Arena. I’ve never played there, so in a way I’d quite like him to get through, but Jim thinks that he’ll lose in the third round to a French bloke. If that’s the case, then it might be an easier match, less pressure, not so high profile.”
“But if it is the Aussie, he could bring trouble with him, like the last one did,” Lee prompted. He’d already worked out which match to target. 
“And I’ll ignore it if he does. I’m not going to let that happen again, Lee,” Lewis adamantly stated.
“You do realise that Monday will be the eve of Australia Day! That’s a party night here, so the crowd will be boisterous. You might need a friend, just in case.”
Lewis drew in a deep breath. There it was – the offer again – packaged so cleverly, innocent in the phrasing. But their sort of friendship could never be innocent. It could never be free of complications. There was danger in this on so many levels. But the temptation to succumb was just too great, and Lewis was done with hiding. 
“Would you come?” he asked.
“Of course, if you wanted me to,” answered a delighted Lee Porter, who back in Sydney could scarcely believe his luck that the offer had been made without the need to coax. “I’m not going to pretend otherwise – I really want to see you again, Lewis... But...”
“But what?”
“As I said before - I don’t want to cause you any embarrassment by being at the match. Even as a friend, it might not be such a good idea for you to be associated with me.” 
“I’ve thought about that. Let them talk - it’s not a problem. So please, come along as my guest... that’s if I get there of course.”
“You will. I’m sure of it. And I’ll make sure to be free for the start of next week. Thanks, Lewis... So what happens if you win? The quarter-finals, eh! That would be something. Who would you face then?” asked Lee, as if he didn’t already know the answer. 
“Alberto Gonzales,” said Lewis. “That’s the big match. That’s the one that really worries me.”
“Well, one game at a time. I’ll call again tomorrow, after your match if that’s okay. I’ll be sure to watch it if it’s on television.”
“I’m on the Margaret Court Arena, so it might be... By the way - how did your meeting go - the one with HIM Clothing?”
“Oh, there are some things I can work with them on. They still need to be ironed out, though. I’ll tell you later when the plans are a little more solid. It’s good gear they have - you’d look fabulous in it. Of course they would kill for you to model for them.”
Lewis laughed. “No, that’s more your line. I don’t have what it takes to model stuff like that: the tennis gear, maybe, but not the swimwear.”
“You’d be surprised - I think you’re exactly what they would want for that, even without the fame. But it would be wrong for you. Not the sort of image you want to put across. I assume you have people who do that for you... marketing.”
“Yeah, I’ve got a management company, the one most sports people use, but it’s not a big thing for me. I earn enough anyway.”
“I understand that now. I didn’t before. You know - what you did after Wimbledon. I thought you made the wrong move, but I was looking at it from my perspective. Who I was, not you. Now I’ve got to know you a little, I can see it was right for you.”
“For me at the time - things change.”
“So I’ve noticed. I’ll speak to you tomorrow, Lewis. Goodbye. And good luck.”
“Goodbye, Lee.”
Chapter 29
Lewis delivered the news two hours later, doing his famous trick of throwing in a spoiler at the end of proceedings. Scott had arrived shortly after Lee’s call, with a bottle of fine wine for the meal, and a bouquet of flowers for the cook – nothing for Lewis apart from good advice as he stuck to water throughout the evening. 
Strategy came first, Jim ruling the roost. Then general chit-chat with the food where everybody chipped in and compliments abounded. Back onto strategy once the meal was over, with a focus on tomorrow’s match – the four men round the table, Fiona eavesdropping from the couch whilst flicking through a magazine. Lewis took it all in like a good student should – waiting for his moment, wondering if he was about to make a hideous mistake, cursing the fact that Scott Taylor was straight – because if he’d suspected anything else, just the merest chance, then Lewis certainly wouldn’t have done what he did. Life can be such a bugger at times!
“Erm well... I think I’ve got the general idea of how to go about tomorrow,” Lewis told the new coaching team, bringing their strategising to a close. “Earlier on, Scott suggested I have a think about what happened yesterday – painful stuff, but definitely needed. Well I’ve had a think. So maybe we can spend a few minutes looking back rather than forwards then hopefully draw a line under it and consign it to history.”
“Fair enough,” said Jim shifting awkwardly in his seat. “So, Lewis... What’s the conclusion?” 
Lewis leaned back in his chair and delivered as best he could. “Well, if I’m honest, Jim - I think we made too much of it yesterday. We expected trouble, and prepared for it by trying to pretend that it wasn’t there, by trying to shut it out. I got away with it for a while, but then let a silly call get to me. That could happen again, though I’ll try not to allow it. But when it did happen, I let everything else in, and couldn’t ignore what was going on around me - couldn’t ignore what was going on in my head...” Feeling the passion, he leaned forward before continuing, elbows on table, eyes darting around monitoring expressions. “...I allowed it to become important - allowed a bunch of bigoted arseholes to become important to me, just like I did at Wimbledon. They’re not!” he snapped, a fist coming down to emphasise the point. “They’re nothing!” he yelled repeating the action. “So why should I bother about what they think, or what they say? I just need to accept that some people are like that, and they’re entitled to their opinions...” Another glance around the table then he settled on his coach, staring intently as he delivered the finale. “But I don’t value their opinions, so I’m not going to let them bother me when they’re expressed. I am what I am, and I’m not going to pretend to be something else. I just need to accept it. We both do, Jim - or else this is going to haunt us forever.”
Lewis continued to look at his coach who was nodding in agreement, though Jim knew that it was coming too late for him. This should have been tackled years ago, on the day that Lewis had told him he was gay. It wasn’t, but he would deal with it now as best he could. 
“So what was it that made the difference yesterday on court? Tell me about him - this man you’ve met.”
A hush descended and a magazine was set aside as everyone looked first to Jim, startled that he’d dared to broach the taboo subject. Then the focus shifted to Lewis, everyone intrigued to hear how he would respond. 
“You already know what made the difference, Jim. You did the same trick once yourself. He brought it back to me - gave me a reason to sort myself out and fight.”
“Make him proud,” Jim whispered, enlightening to a degree the one person who wasn’t aware.
Lewis filled in the gap as he once again leaned back, trying to stay calm over this delicate subject. “Aye – make him proud. But I wasn’t doing a very good job of honouring my father’s memory by crumbling yet again. How Lee knew to say that, I’ve no idea. Well... maybe I’ve an inkling, but he must be very sharp to have put it together from the little I fed him... But anyway – he said it – and he said it boldly, flying in the face of the rabble. Out and proud – that’s Lee Porter... Whereas me!” Lewis exclaimed, rising to his feet to pace back and forwards. “I was out and acting ashamed. So how could I make my dad proud of me with that sort of behaviour? I’ve been doing that ever since I came out, and that makes me ashamed. So they can say what they like now, shout out what they want. I’m not going to let it bother me anymore. Instead I’m going to take a leaf out of Lee Porter’s book... Loud and proud will be the way from now on - and if the tennis establishment and all the fans aren’t happy about that, then tough. So we can expect more shit in the tabloids and more jeering from the crowds, because that’s how it needs to be until people get over it...” Forcing calm again before the punch-line was delivered, Lewis returned to his chair. “...And that’s certainly how it’s going to be come next week. The tabloids are going to have a field day, and I’m going to hand it to them on a plate.”
“What do mean by that, Lewis?” asked Jim. He had been prepared for most of this, but not for the last statement.
“I’ve asked Lee to come along to one of my matches, as a guest this time. Fourth round, if I’m there.”
“That could be against Roberts,” said Jim. “On the eve of Australia Day!”
“Exactly,” replied Lewis.
Jim mopped his sweating brow. “Okay, but I don’t see why there would be any shit hitting the fan,” he said, more in hope rather than belief. If shit was forecasted by this devil of a boy that he loved beyond any other man, then by God they would have it by the bucket load, aimed at everyone’s face. 
Lewis drew a deep breath then he hit them with the worst. “I’ll give you the address of his website. It’s not really your sort of thing, Jim, but you’d best have a look. I suggest you have a whisky at your side when you do it - you’re going to need it, I can assure you! Once you’ve seen what he’s about, then you’ll know what’s in store - and you’ll probably realise the dilemma I’m in at the moment. But be sure of this, I’m not ashamed... of me, or him.”
“I’ll have a look,” replied Jim, his stomach already churning. It was going to be a long evening, and a post-dinner digestif was definitely in order – perhaps more than one!
“You might want to have a look as well, Scott,” said Lewis, turning to the American. “And then you can decide if you want to stay involved or not. You might already have made that decision, and I’ll understand if you don’t. I didn’t plan this. It was only after you talked to me that I decided that this was the way to go. I really appreciate the advice, and what you’ve done today. More than you’ll ever realise... And I would love it if you were to help out more, but as I said, I’ll understand if you decide not to.”
Another hush descended as bated breaths awaited a response. They had to wait a few moments as Scott Taylor digested all that had been said. He knew that Lewis was right about facing up to his demons and not hiding away from them. Hiding was not the answer for Lewis, as it had been once for himself, and probably still was. Without another aspect of sexuality to call on, Lewis had different priorities, and had already taken the leap anyway - there was no going back for him. Scott envied the lad’s resolve and his lack of shame in the direction he was taking, but it was tinged with regret that it took him further away from where Scott himself felt he could go. It was not shame that would hold him back, it was fear. Fear of the prejudice, and fear of the unknown; fear of the vengeful God his aging parents put such faith in; and fear of the rejection of so many people he knew, including those aging parents who were sure all faggots were destined for hell, and would be heartbroken if he were to be added to their numbers by satisfying his curiosity on the matter.
‘And what now?’ he wondered as eyes gazed at him. ‘Walk away?’ 
Lewis was giving him the chance to do so - and perhaps it might be best. Lee Porter’s involvement added a dimension to the arrangement that wasn’t to his liking in the slightest. The association with Lewis was already a risk, but one he could have handled the way things stood. The playing field had shifted though, to a much more dangerous level. Such a pity! If only Lewis was more like him – not necessarily into women, but at least discreet about liking men! If only he wasn’t so damn attractive, with a killer of a smile and an ass to die for! If only there wasn’t some other man in his life – a perfect hunk of masculinity that no one could possibly compete with! 
If only!  
But then what? 
Scott didn’t know. It was all a mess, and he didn’t like mess. Walk away – that was probably the answer. But it would be so unfair to do it now – be the first of the establishment to throw a stone. What hypocrisy that would be when he too shared the sin – in desire to satisfy his curiosity, if not in actual deed as yet?
“I’ll look at it, Lewis,” Scott finally said, curiosity again coming into play. “But I don’t think it will change anything for me. It sounds like you’re doing the right thing, but be careful - always remember that the fans are important. They can help you win a game as well as help you lose one. They deserve your respect.”
“Not the ones I saw yesterday,” replied Lewis, using this track to hide his delight as he battled the urge to give Scott Taylor a hug and a big sloppy kiss.
“They weren’t tennis fans,” countered Scott who was fighting his own battle. “Don’t mix them up with the real fans that were there. You still need them. They pay your wages. You need to win them over.”
Lewis shook his head. “I’ve tried to do that, but it doesn’t work for me. They can take me as I am, and if that’s the villain in their eyes, then so be it... Okay. I think we’re done.” 
Having brought things to a close, Lewis got up and found some paper, then wrote down the website address for Jim and Scott. Both men looked at it as it was placed in front of them, anxious to find a clue about its nature, but it told them nothing other than a name to go with a man they had already seen... and would be seeing a lot more of when they logged on to the site that was www.leeporter.com!
Chapter 30
It was a glorious Saturday afternoon in Sydney, and at the North Side of Bondi Beach where all the gay boys hang out, a gang of British lads were having a high old time: lapping up the sun, working on their tans, fooling around in the surf where trunks were pulled down to help advertise the finery that might be on offer. There was plenty of interest as each one of them looked stunning, and given that they weren’t in any way shy, new friends were soon made – some adding to the group who were having a lark on the beach, others reducing the numbers by disappearing with one of the gang, where in private, the trunks came down again, and whatever was on offer, was lustily sampled. They were having too much fun with all the frolicking and fornicating to worry about the two housemates who had declined to join them: Joey from Thailand who was earning cash on his back by turning a few tricks; and their boss, Lee Porter, who they assumed must be ill, as he had elected to stay home and watch television!
Lee wasn’t ill, despite the odd behaviour. He was following the Australian Open, and Lewis Macleod had just taken the second set against Mierskoff – the young Scot seemingly in total control. Lee had been concerned at first about Lewis’s play, fearing that something was wrong - the power and speed were there, but he had punctuated it with slower play, which lacked the dynamism that Lee had witnessed earlier in the week. But it was working, and Lee had soon relaxed, confident that Lewis knew what he was doing. He should have been even more relaxed by now. His appointment with the box at the start of the second week appeared secure. And it was the box that he wanted - Roberts having delighted the home nation by winning the previous evening. The Rod Laver Arena beckoned, on primetime television. Everything was falling into place, just as Lee had expected. But he was far from relaxed. Something was niggling at him. It was the same annoying little niggle that he had experienced on the opening day when he attended the tournament and had heard that voice. 
It wasn’t until the second set that Lee had started to take note of it. He had been too wrapped up in Lewis’s performance prior to that. But when the American commentator was asked a question by his colleague about the German fans, there was something in his tone, and the way he answered, that echoed back to five days before. As the second set progressed, Lee became sure - it was the same voice. He cursed himself for not making enquiries at the time. It would have been so easy at Melbourne Park to have gleamed information. But he would do that now, whilst keeping an eye on his prize. Lee fetched his laptop and accessed the internet in an attempt to find out what in the blazes was going on. 
Scott Taylor!
The full name took only seconds to establish having already heard the first part of it on television. It rang a bell, but without further searching, Lee couldn’t put a face to it, even though he had probably seen the man before as there had been mention of him playing a Wimbledon final. But tennis in those days mattered little to Lee, and he had no real recollection of the American Scott Taylor. 
The face when it did come was vaguely familiar, ruggedly good looking,  although not one that Lee was particularly drawn to as he wasn’t a big fan of ginger hair and freckles. But it didn’t matter a flying fruitcake if Lee liked the face or not - it was how it came across to Lewis that was the concern for Mr. Porter as he was sure the American’s involvement went beyond commentating on his matches. And there was further cause for concern from the sporting images Lee found! Ginger hair aside, the guy looked good – ruggedly butch with a seriously fit body which was annoyingly sexy in the short shorts that he used to wear when whacking the shit out of a tennis ball.  
Having fuelled his unease with the physical appearance, Lee hoped for some comfort elsewhere. But he didn’t find any with Scott’s playing career when that was quickly researched. It was obvious the American had a prominent place in the history of his sport: five Grand Slam titles and ranked number one for almost three years. The Old King from Lewis’s world, yet around the same age as Lee – another perturbing factor for Mr. Porter, as that fitted in too nicely with Lee’s perception of Lewis’s type. 
Vexed, Lee then went in search of more personal information, and here he was left frustrated as there was little to be found. There was no blog where Scott told the world all about himself; he wasn’t on a social network doing a daily dump of his life; nor was he on Twitter sharing his deepest thoughts. All Lee could garner were a few basic facts: he’d been married and got divorced just over a year ago; there had been no kids; he had a house in Aspen and was a very keen golfer. 
‘What is it you’re hiding?’ Lee wondered. Anyone with that degree of fame, who had so little to say about himself, must be hiding something in Lee’s opinion.
He returned his attention back to the television. The third set was going with serve, but it sounded like Lewis was still in control. Victory was near. Lee, however, was no more at ease... Married! That was no comfort whatsoever. Not to someone like Lee Porter, whose promiscuous history included plenty of men with a wedding ring on their finger.
***
Meanwhile in Melbourne, from his position in the ABC commentary box overlooking the Hisense Arena, Scott Taylor watched Lewis as he served out to take the third set into a tie-break. 
It had been a tricky experience commentating on Macleod for the first time. Scott had found it difficult to remain detached during the match, just as he had found it difficult over the previous four days to remain detached whenever he was in Lewis’s company. The lad was infectious – a real pleasure to be around. And it wasn’t just his youthful edgy looks that Scott was drawn to – the whole package was a delight, off and on the court. He made Scott feel good, in a noble sort of way, with the respect that was shown which verged on adoration, the joie de vivre that went with his youth, and the eagerness to engage. He also made Scott so horny, it was a torment just to look at him. But look at him Scott did – for it was his role as a mentor to watch him closely, although arguably that didn’t extend to sneaky glances in the locker room where they’d been in each others’ company on several more occasions. How could he ever draw his eyes away from a lad who looked so fine – who had wormed his way into Scott’s curious mind and inspired so many nocturnal emissions as well as a few in the shower. So detachment did not come easy for Gentleman Scott Taylor as he and Lewis went through the process of getting to know each other. It was a heck of a challenge, but one that Scott did his best to rise to.
Lee Porter’s website helped! By God it did! That was something which Scott certainly wanted to remain detached from in the public eye. He had enjoyed looking at it in private though - enjoyed looking at the men, and even grudgingly at the owner. There could be no denying the man’s physical charms of which little was left to the imagination. There was one photograph in particular that Scott found especially disturbing – Lee under an outdoor shower in a pair of green trunks pulled down at the back – the man brazenly showing off his ever so fine ass, with a look of such confidence on his laughing face. It was disturbing because Scott had been undeniably aroused, and he didn’t want to feel any attraction towards this man. And it was disturbing because it epitomised what Porter was about: someone who openly rejoiced in his sexuality, full of confidence and sure of his own worth. Lee Porter presented himself as every young gay guy’s fantasy, the sort of man that could attract someone like Lewis and keep him ensnared in sexual bliss. 
Scott tried to be rational. He tried to fight back the element of jealousy and general dislike he felt for this man, even though they had never met. It was unfair to hold these prejudices, but they were there and he was annoyed with himself for feeling like that. But even when he thought objectively about it, Scott was sure Lewis’s involvement with Lee Porter was a mistake. His tennis was coming along well - he had a real chance to go all the way in Melbourne and then build on it to challenge for the top spot later in the year. Lee Porter could scupper all that - Scott was sure of it. But that was the difference between himself and Macleod: tennis, and success in the game, would never hold the grip on Lewis as it had on Scott. Men like Lee Porter would always be a factor unless someone special came along – someone who could satisfy the wildness in the lad yet keep his mind fully focused on the tennis. The perfect man in other words. Strangely, it never occurred to the Southern gentleman that he might fit the bill, if only he had the balls to stake a claim and accept that he was more than just ‘curious’.  
But that was Scott Taylor for you – a man with a secret who was hiding it more than ever. Whilst he speculated in the commentary box with his colleague about the tie-break, he gave no hint of bias, even though a part of him wished he was in a different box, alongside Jim Murdoch shouting out his support, and to hell with what anyone might think or say – he was only a mentor after all!
Lewis didn’t need his support though – not right now at any rate. He was doing just fine - following the plan they had hatched together the previous day: mixing the power and net rushing with slower play, which had kept Mierskoff guessing and disrupted his flow. If it hadn’t been for the German’s big serve, the match would have been over long ago. 
But the serve wouldn’t save Mierskoff in the tie-break - Scott was sure of it. Even the German fans, who had tried to put Lewis off of his game, would be of little help now. They hadn’t been so far. As he’d entered the arena, Lewis had simply smiled at them, and took no notice thereafter. Scott had done likewise, when his co-hosts had drawn attention to the group after the first set, wondering what impact they may yet have on the game.
“None,” Scott had stressed. “Not this time. Macleod will ignore them, and we should do likewise. This is a tennis match, not a circus.”
Down on the court, Lewis sat quietly and speculated where Mierskoff would place his opening serve in the tie-break. It was all he allowed himself to think about. 
Five minutes later the players shook hands. Victory was his. Lewis Macleod had justified his seeding... and the faith of two very contrasting men.
Chapter 31
After his post match analysis for ABC, Scott went to the players’ lounge in order to meet Lewis and Jim - neither was there when he arrived. Unwittingly, he took a seat at the same table that Lewis had occupied earlier in the week, and busied himself by making some notes whilst he awaited their arrival. It was not long before he was interrupted by Chantal Duboir.
“Scott, how are you?” she asked as she approached him.
Gentleman Scott immediately stood up. “Chantal, good to see you again... I’m fine thanks, and you? Please, sit down.”
“I was hoping to catch Lewis before my match starts - to say well done,” replied Chantal as she joined Scott at the table.
“He should be here soon. Interviews - he tends to get a lot of questions,” explained Scott. “When are you on?”
“They’re still playing the first set, so another hour at least. But I can’t stay long... Lewis told me you were helping him. He’s very excited about it. It means a lot to him. Thank you.”
Scott shrugged it off, delivering the answer everyone got when they raised the subject of his involvement. “He’s a good kid, with enormous talent. I’m enjoying working with him. It makes the fortnight a lot more interesting for me to have a horse in the race. He might even win it... Congratulations by the way, I never got the chance to say so before. I was really pleased for you. Two slams in one year. Well done. I’m sure there’ll be more to come.”
“Perhaps,” she replied, not sounding at all convinced.
Lewis spotted them as soon as he walked in, and was momentarily halted in his tracks. He had not expected to see Chantal and he found it strangely disturbing to find her talking to Scott – she knew far too much about him. But there was no need to worry – Chantal was very discreet and would never intentionally do anything to harm her friends, so there was nothing underhand going on. Yet still he felt a tinge of anxiety and Lewis knew the real reason why – it was his guilty conscience punishing him for the inappropriate way he viewed his new mentor. Lee Porter might be coming to visit, but in the meantime it was Scott who’d been the physical presence, spending hours each day with Lewis: acting as a practice partner on court; giving advice away from it; generally getting to know each other and finding an easy affinity. And of course there were those moments of tortuous titillation, changing side by side in the locker room, Lewis gaining inspiration to take to the shower where Lee was unable to compete. He knew it was wrong, perhaps even dangerous, setting himself up for a hideous hurt because where could it ever lead. But he was happier than he could remember for a very long time, so Lewis just went with the flow.
As he approached them, Lewis was struck by Scott’s appearance. He was formally dressed in a shirt and tie again – smart as always for his job. Lewis hadn’t taken much notice before when he’d seen him similarly dressed in the locker room, as there were too many other things occupying his mind at the time. But he noticed now, and was suitably impressed. Scott certainly looked good in it. Then seeing that his suit jacket was draped over the back of his chair, Lewis found himself wishing that Scott would put it on. He wanted to see the full effect. It was strange how sometimes more clothing was better. Lewis wondered what Lee Porter would look like in a suit... probably nowhere near as good.
Congratulations were soon being offered as Lewis reached the table and joined his friends. Chantal stayed for a few minutes then excused herself to prepare for her own match.  
“Are we still on for dinner this evening?” asked Lewis as she stood to go. “Or will that depend on your result?”
Chantal gave him a wry smile. “You might not like the company if I lose, but of course we’re still on. I need to eat, whatever the result.”
“Okay, I’ll see you later. I’m sure it will be fine, but good luck anyway,” said Lewis.
“Yeah, best of luck, Chantal,” echoed Scott. “It was great to see you again. Shame we didn’t have longer.”
Lewis was hit by a sudden thought. “Perhaps you’d like to join us tonight, Scott! That’s if you’re free,” he blurted out. “We’re going to Serendipity, which apparently means ‘happy accident’ and is supposed to be something special – an East meets West fusion, whatever that’s supposed to mean. Marie booked it, and she knows what she’s doing when it comes to food... She did say that I should bring a friend along!” Then realising he might have spoken out of turn, he looked across to Chantal. Thankfully she didn’t appear in the slightest annoyed.
“Yes, please do,” she encouraged. “It would be lovely to catch up properly.” 
Scott took a moment to decide. There was his normal group of friends whom he could join at the Langham, and he’d also been invited out by some colleagues from ABC - neither had a huge appeal, whereas this sounded fun. And whilst he had reservations about a public appearance with Lewis away from the courts, other factors outweighed them. It was his task to spend time with the dazzling young man, get to understand him so he could help him mentally. Seeing him away from the tennis environment would be a means to that end. At least that would be the excuse Scott would use. So he accepted the invite – happy that the job of being Lewis Macleod’s current mentor could throw up such pleasurable perks.
Jim Murdoch arrived shortly afterwards. Unintentionally, he halted again at the entrance, as he had done five days ago, and looked at Lewis sitting at the same table, but with a different man on this occasion. It made for a haunting scene – Jim was struck by the similarity – the pair of them laughing, just as he’d seen when it was Lee Porter.
A shiver ran down Jim Murdoch’s spine as he recalled the man who had sat there before, and he remembered the consequences of Lewis’s win today - they had never been far from his mind. The introduction that Jim had tactlessly avoided would soon be forced on him - as would the reaction to Lee Porter’s appearance in Lewis’s supporter box. ‘That website!’ Jim thought for the umpteenth time. ‘Boy, Lewis - you sure know how to pick them.’ 
Jim had looked at the site in horror as he discovered more about Lee Porter than he thought decent to know. It went way beyond the call of duty! Surely no other tennis coach had been called on to perform such a task: wade through a series of gay glamour shots that featured an abundance of muscle, skimpy little trunks, and on more than one occasion a brazenly bared ass! It was one hell of an ‘introduction’ and Jim’s earlier reservations about engaging with this man had paled into insignificance with a new found foreboding about seeing him in the flesh.
‘In the flesh!’ Jim thought as he lingered at the door. ‘I’ve seen more than enough of his bloody flesh - as will half the world come Tuesday morning - which I’m sure is something that hasn’t escaped him. The whole thing is a nightmare waiting to happen.’
But Jim knew that there was little point in trying to convince Lewis to abandon his plan. A course had been set, and they all knew now what lay ahead. Jim had reconciled himself to the path, however awkward it might prove.
As had Scott Taylor – or so it would appear! Now that was something that had surprised Jim a bit. He had thought that Scott would have politely backed away once he realised what was in store. But instead he’d stuck with it – and there were even smiles on display. The former champion had surpassed all Jim’s expectations with the attitude he’d adopted, and the time he’d put in. It left him wondering how much more Scott might be prepared to give – over the course of the coming week... and maybe beyond!  
Conscious of his delay, Jim went across to the table and slapped Lewis on the back before sitting down to join in the discussion, which had moved quickly from dinner plans to today’s performance, and the next round encounter where Edwin Roberts lay in wait. Jim had plenty to say on the match he had just seen, but little to criticise. It had all gone to plan. It was the next match that dominated Jim’s thoughts now: another Aussie, another big arena... and Lee Porter in the box. These were the factors that Jim felt should be discussed, and contingencies planned for. But neither Scott nor Lewis concerned themselves with them. They focused on the tennis, and the strategy to be adopted, as though these other factors did not exist. ‘Perhaps they’re right,’ thought Jim. If tennis was all that was involved, then Lewis would come through. Roberts was good, but not good enough - not as good as Lewis. So Jim held his tongue. He had already got it wrong with the draw, which was a rare event indeed. It was an omen he reckoned – definitely time for him to go. But who would replace him? That was a topic that would have to be broached… and soon.
Jim’s favoured candidate for the post received a message on his pager. He was needed back in the commentary box. Apologising that he couldn’t stay longer, Scott made his way to the door, his jacket held loosely in his hand, unneeded in the Melbourne heat that awaited him outside.  
‘That’s a pity.’ thought Lewis, as he watched him depart – although the unobstructed view of Scott’s tasty rear was a massive consolation for not seeing his new mentor fully suited up.
‘Aye, a pity.’ thought Jim, as he also watched Scott leave – his sentiments a lot less carnal. ‘It’s a crying shame you’re walking away... Commentating indeed! Your place is here... and I think you know it, Gentleman Scott Taylor.’
Chapter 32
As soon as he returned to the house, Lewis called Lee to make the arrangements for his visit. He was pleased when Lee said he would take care of things himself, but Lewis insisted that it should be handled from Melbourne – a way of saying thanks beyond the beer that was still owed. Fiona would be taking care of everything: flights, hotel and transfers at either end. The exact time of the match was unknown as yet, but Lewis reckoned it would kick-off the evening session on Monday to coincide with primetime television. It would be best to arrive early though, in the unlikely event the organisers went for the afternoon. Lewis had learned to build in contingency where schedules were concerned!
That having been sorted, they settled down to have a chat - Lewis first asking about Lee’s plans for the evening, which he was told involved another gig at the Paradise Club where a regular slot had now been secured for the crew. 
A riot of men and parties! That was the thought that sprung to Lewis’s mind on hearing this, as it had done in Sydney when they met for the first time. But on this occasion he didn’t raise it – it would be cringing if Lee were to make the same gaff and claim he was normally too exhausted for the latter. It was there though – a mild resentment on Lewis’s part which he knew was totally unfair. It was Lee’s job after all. And why shouldn’t he take advantage of all the men that would throw themselves at him? He had no claim on Lee. They were friends without strings, who might end up in bed quite soon, but that didn’t prevent either from screwing around, before or after the event. Lewis had already thought it through, and it was perfectly good reasoning - all part of being a modern gay man. It was just a shame it left a bitter taste in his mouth, but that came with the territory of being involved with Lee Porter.
In reply to Lee’s similar question, Lewis explained that he would be having dinner with Chantal and Marie, but decided not to mention Scott. And why should he! Lee didn’t tell him about the other men in his life.  But as luck would have it, the subject of Scott Taylor came up anyway a few minutes later. Coincidences like that was something else that came with the territory of being involved with Lee Porter... 
“Did you ever find out who the other guy was? You know - the one that shouted out after me at the match?” Lee casually dropped into the conversation.
It dropped on Lewis like a ton of bricks, stunning the lad into silence for a few seconds - but he quickly recovered and decided not to duck the question. “Yeah, I did,” he replied as nonchalantly as he could. “His name’s Scott Taylor - he won the title here a couple of times.”
“I thought as much!” Lee exclaimed. “When I was watching the match earlier, I was sure that I recognised his voice. He was one of the commentators... So, did you manage to track him down and say thanks?”
Lewis flinched at that one, but he couldn’t fathom why. It wasn’t as if there was anything to hide – other than having dinner with him... and a history of teenage lusting after the former champion which had recently reared its inappropriate little head again in very dramatic fashion. “Yeah, I managed to find him,” Lewis said with a chuckle to disguise the misplaced guilt that he felt. “Oddly enough, he’s been helping me with my preparations. That’s why he turned up to the match that day. I didn’t know he was going to get involved at the time. Jim had arranged it without telling me - the sly old bugger.”
“Wow! A former champion! Good bloke to have in your corner then,” was Lee’s immediate reply. “Will he be there on Monday, in your supporters’ box? It would be nice to meet him.”
Again Lewis flinched. He’d never considered that Lee and Scott might actually meet, but of course it was a possibility given what was now in place. Once again the notion had a strangely bitter taste, the astringency of guilt flavouring the palate. “I doubt it,” he replied. “He might be commentating on the match. He’s certainly due a late one if he’s managed to free...”
“If he’s done what?” prompted Lee, his voice light and friendly, innocently coaching a confession.
Lewis felt like a twat. Secrets and lies – they always came back to bite you. And he had no reason whatsoever for making a secret out of this and offering up a lie. It was just dinner after all, in the company of friends. And it wasn’t as if anything was going to happen afterwards. “...Free himself on a Saturday evening,” he replied. “Didn’t I mention? He might be joining us for dinner – all depends if he can wangle it I suppose.”
...Okay, so maybe there was still a secret, and what was offered up fell short of the whole truth, but a little fudging round the edges can be better sometimes – that was Lewis’s opinion once the call had ended. He still felt guilty though. It wasn’t in his nature to mess people around, and there was a sort of duplicity going on that jarred with his sense of what was right and what he ultimately wanted.
Whatever – if Lee had been bothered in the slightest then he didn’t betray it. And why should he be bothered – it changed nothing between them. They weren’t boyfriends – heaven forbid! They were just a couple of buddies who might end up in bed together – that’s if Lewis wasn’t too exhausted after his match with Edwin Roberts! 
Lewis laughed at that notion. It was hardly likely – and a lot less likely, in the young Scotsman’s opinion, than Lee Porter being too exhausted on a Saturday night to screw some bloke he’d picked up at the Paradise Club! 
***
Whilst Lewis was making these mental aspersions, the not so innocent perpetrator was in his room lying on his bed, considering the conversation he’d just had. Lee had retreated here to take the call as a few of the lads had returned from the beach, and the last thing he wanted was for any of those blabbermouths to catch wind of his plans and spoil the big surprise that was now lined up for Monday.
Lee knew he should feel happy. Lewis had won. The arrangements were being made – the lad wasn’t backing down. Lee had achieved his initial objective - the place in the box was secured. Of course he should feel happy - but he was oddly ill at ease. 
Why? 
The answer was simple and his name was Scott Taylor. The American was a complication, but perhaps a necessary one if Lewis were to make the final. Having the help of an ex-champion, and the moral boost he would give, was a big advantage. Scott might well make the difference between success and failure for Lewis, and in turn for himself. Yet Lee still felt uncomfortable about his involvement.
Why?
Lee analysed their chat in an attempt to find out... It was obvious to him that there was more to the relationship than simply helping Lewis prepare for his matches. A dinner date, for example! There had been evasion around that which spoke volumes in Lee’s ears – Lewis had felt guilty, of that Lee was sure. And as for the idea of them meeting on Monday, sitting side by side in his supporters’ box – Lewis certainly didn’t like that awkward possibility. Was there more going on than a perfectly innocent dinner date - a naughty little secret that was festering away and could scupper Lee’s plans? 
Lee shook his head and tried to be rational. Scott was a champion and former number one. The chances were that Lewis had looked up to him as a lad, and might have had a silly teenage crush on the American, as not everybody had an aversion to ginger hair and freckles! That was probably where the guilt lay – in the same way he’d acted guilty about seeing Lee on the website. He was so transparent at times – which Lee found refreshingly sweet. And there was nothing going on – of that Lee was sure. Otherwise the trip to Melbourne would definitely have been canned. Lewis wasn’t the type to mess a man around like that – another refreshing trait that made him stand out from the masses. So reason stated there was nothing to worry about. On balance Scott Taylor was probably a good thing. But Lee still felt uncomfortable, and he couldn’t reason...
Why?
Most other people would have found it easy to put a name to his disquiet, but Lee Porter was sadly lacking here. He knew the definition, it was a common enough word, but he had never experienced the actual emotion when it came to men. He had been in a few brief relationships over the years, but fidelity was alien to him. It was never promised, nor expected in others, so the emotion had always stayed clear of his path. Selfish promiscuity was the hallmark of Lee’s life. It was a modus operandi that had suited him just fine. But now at a critical juncture, when a huge opportunity was there for the taking, when cold calculation was the order of the day, Lee Porter had become vulnerable due to an alien state... He had encountered the green-eyed monster that is jealousy and the novelty of actually caring for someone other than himself!
Chapter 33
Serendipity was no ‘happy accident’ – it had been carefully designed and oozed with class, which was only to be expected given the prices they charged. Lewis particularly liked the Manhattan style cocktail bar which doubled up as the reception, where a Tom Cruise lookalike was mixing the drinks and glamorous looking people done up to the nines sat around admiring each other’s finery as they sipped their concoctions. Lewis looked out of place in his casual outfit of open-neck shirt and fawn slacks, but he was tempted to join them and tone the place down as he could seriously do with a stiff drink. Fortunately the temptation was short-lived. The maître d’ informed him that Ms. Duboir and her partner were already at the table. He led him into an expanse of a room where wrought iron illuminations hung from the high ceiling, supplementing the candles on the generous sized tables. There was modern art on the walls and elaborate floral displays in odd locations; a sensation of aromas wafted through the air – modern French cuisine clashing with oriental spice to get the juices flowing. Accompanied by a murmur of whispers, Lewis was guided through all this to where Chantal and Marie were waiting.
The elegantly dressed Frenchwomen were seated beside each other at a circular table in a discreet corner location, sipping some wine and saying very little – the consequences of Chantal’s match apparently hanging heavy. Lewis had caught the highlights and had feared this might be the case – the defending champion had really made a meal of it, scraping through in three error-ridden sets that were riddled with nerves. Some compartmentalisation would definitely be in order if they were going to make a pleasant meal out of dinner!
“Everyone has a bad match on the way to the title – do you want to talk about it?” he asked having kissed and sat down. There was no point in pretending that it had actually gone well – Chantal never appreciated platitudes or bullshit.
She shook her head and gave him a forced smile. “No thank you, Lewis - it has been talked about enough.”
“Very true,” agreed Marie who had been living it for hours. She would live it some more, but not here and now. “Whereas you!” she brightly exclaimed in an attempt to lighten the mood. “There’s going to be plenty of talk about you, Lewis. I understand that there are now two new men in your life. How exciting for you! Another scandal is in the making no doubt. You must be the toast of the Australian tabloids!”
“What do you mean, Marie, by two men?” asked Lewis, joining her in a snigger of laugher.
“Mr. Taylor, of course!” Marie gleefully answered, “Your date for this evening. And the mystery man in Sydney. I can’t wait to meet them both. I’ve heard all about the adventures on Monday. It was the man from Sydney who called out I presume. Please don’t tell me that there is another one involved!”
Lewis was suddenly on alert - he needed to make sure this line of conversation was ended before Scott arrived. But as the American had already called to say he would be late, there was time to enjoy some banter before cutting it off. “Yes, it was him. His name’s Lee, by the way.”
Marie smiled widely at him, toying with her wine glass as she was toying with Lewis, delighted that he was obligingly playing along. She needed some light relief after the angst of earlier. “So when do we get the pleasure?” she asked. “We met him briefly in Sydney, but I had no idea that he would become your beau.” 
“Beau!” cackled Lewis; then as eyes from neighbouring tables turned to look in his direction, he lowered his voice. “I doubt if Lee would ever be classed as anyone’s ‘beau’, Marie. But you might get to meet him on Monday. He’s coming to my match.”
Marie raised her thin eyebrows, shocked but thrilled at this exciting development. “Well, well! Do you think that is wise?” she asked.
“Maybe not… but it’s good,” was the curt response.
Marie considered this for a moment. They were treating it as a joke, but it was a serious matter, and one that she was eminently qualified to discuss. “Will he be your official guest?” she enquired, well aware of the significance - it was a role she had played for years. 
“Of course,” replied Lewis.
“A man in your box, Lewis! The gay world will be intrigued, and I suspect a lot of the mainstream media as well. I hope you know what you’re doing.”
Lewis shrugged. “I’ve made my decision to invite him. The media can say what they like about it - beau or no beau.”
Marie looked to Chantal in an attempt to bring her in, but the girlfriend rejected her cue. “Do you not want him as such… as a beau?” Marie asked, determined to keep the conversation rolling. “Surely you are not going to take advantage of him, then cast him aside like the other one in Sydney. He might not like it, then get nasty, like the other one did.”
“Take advantage of him!” laughed Lewis at the thought. “It was Lee Porter that you met at the party, Marie, or are we talking about a different person?”
Marie raised her hand in apology. “Sorry... But seriously, Lewis - do you really know what you’re letting yourself in for here?”
Dark eyes met as Lewis returned Marie’s gaze, and he was touched by the genuine concern that was there. “No. If I’m honest, I don’t,” he admitted. “But maybe you just need to take a chance sometimes, jump in and see what happens, rather than worrying about it endlessly and never actually doing anything. As you said, it’s the story, not the ending that really matters.”
Touché! Her own argument thrown back at her - Marie had to admit that Lewis was getting better at this game. “And what about your other man, what does he think about all this?” she asked, moving seamlessly on.
“Scott? He’s just working with me for this fortnight, Marie. He’s just having dinner with us. That’s all.”
He was better at the game, but still transparent to a sharp mind like Marie Clement’s. Her interest was heightening - Lewis was being far too defensive. She grinned at him sarcastically having flicked a glance to her girlfriend. “Dinner can lead to so many things, I can assure you, Lewis.”
Lewis remained silent, answering with a look that said she was pushing too far. “I’m sorry, Lewis,” continued Marie, backing off a tad. “I have teased you enough. But tell me, what does Scott really think about Lee coming to see you?”
It was still uncomfortable ground, but Lewis politely answered. “He seems to be okay about it. We haven’t discussed it much, other than he’s coming to the match. Scott knows what Lee does. I thought he would back off once he realised... you know, seeing the website that I told you about, but he’s just carried on, no issue.”
“Interesting!” said Marie. “But how do you think he will react when he sees you together?”
“Now that might be awkward if it happens. It’s going to be awkward for a number of people. Gays are always a lot more threatening when they come in pairs, I suppose. You two scare the life out of me!”
Marie gave him a small round of applause. “Very funny, Lewis! You should take to the stage... But please, tell me, what do you make of Mr. Taylor himself?” 
Lewis told her the truth, or at least a part of it. “I think he’s great. He’s my hero. I know it sounds corny, but it’s true, he’s my idol… always has been. I can’t believe my luck that he’s working with me.”
“And how is that going?” asked Marie, her mind racing to interpret what was being said and what she was reading between the lines.
“Well, I’m still in the tournament,” Lewis continued, feeding her more, “Just having him around makes a big difference to me. He makes me feel better about myself - to know that someone like him is prepared to help me. And he does help. He’s got a lot of savvy. He gets my head right. What do you think, Chantal? You mentioned that Scott had helped you once before.”
Chantal looked up, puzzled for a moment; then she dragged herself out of the introspection. “I like him. We met a long time ago. It’s strange - I was advised to speak to him about my head as well. Confidence, Lewis. He knows all about that - and for me it was a big problem at the time... the inner doubts. Scott Taylor never had any inner doubts about his tennis... You and I are similar in a way, Lewis, we have a history of losing in the head. But not so similar - I lose because of me and me alone, my own doubts about my ability to win. That’s never been your problem. I don’t think that you doubt your own ability. You just worry about what others think, fret about what’s happening around you. That’s easier to fix. I’m sure Scott can do that for you.”
Lewis adored Chantal, but she could be a bit serious at times, and tonight she seemed on top form where that was concerned. He was in no mood to indulge her though, and Marie had already made it clear that it was best to keep things light. “We would make a good team then!” was the sparkly response. “Perhaps we should play doubles for a laugh. Let’s enter the French! I always get knocked out in the first week, so it would be good to get some extra court time playing doubles.”
“Now that would be a French farce I would love to witness,” laughed Marie.
Lewis feigned indignity. “It wouldn’t be a farce! We would win no problem. It would probably be my only chance to win something at Roland Garros. We have to do it, Chantal.”
“Once I give up all hope of winning the singles title perhaps,” she replied.
Lewis clacked his tongue. “Ah! Individual glory! It used to be so different. Billie Jean entered everything, and won most of them. How times have changed,” he said with a shake of his head.
“And you would do this at Wimbledon, where you might win again?” asked Chantal.
“Okay, point taken,” said Lewis, raising his hands in surrender. “We’ll wait a few more years then. But what about food though? Do you want to order? I don’t know how much longer Scott will be – but I’m going to wait.”
“No, we’ll wait as well. No match tomorrow, so it’s okay,” said Chantal before reaching out to take a sip from her glass.
“How’s the wine, it looks good?” asked Lewis.
“Yes, it’s lovely!” piped Chantal, making more of an effort to compartmentalise her troubles. “It’s French of course. I know the Australian wines are really good, but this is in my blood. Are you still not drinking? I’m sure one glass would do no harm.”
“You old temptress!” Lewis laughed. “But no, I won’t thanks. I’m on a mission, so I’ll stick to fizzy water. But you can’t believe how shlozzled I’m going to get once I lose here.”
The look on Chantal’s face suggested a lecture was on the cards. She was one of the few people outside his inner circle who knew of the problem and the challenge he had set by going on the wagon. But thankfully he was saved by a timely arrival.
“Hey, here he is!” exclaimed Lewis as he stood up to greet Scott who was being shown to the table by the maître d’. “You know Chantal... Well, of course you do. And this is Marie... her... err... partner... yes, her partner.”
Lewis sat down and resolved to stay quiet for a few minutes, berating himself for the flustered introduction. But Scott seemed to take it all in his stride, gallantly kissing French female cheeks and saying a few words fluently in the language. He looked totally at ease as he took his place at the table, all smiles and very dashing in a smart Italian suit, apologising profusely for keeping them waiting – an overlong match having detained him at Melbourne Park. Some wine was poured for him, which was tasted and complimented – Scott identifying the variety and region it hailed from without recourse to the label. After a few minutes of small talk he took control and beckoned a waiter to bring menus to the table. Lewis watched all this, mightily impressed. As well as gentlemanly charm, Scott Taylor had style and confidence, seemingly unfazed by his surroundings or the company. There was an element of class that Lewis wished for himself, and he realised that there was a lot more beyond the world of tennis that he could learn from a sophisticated man like Scott Taylor.
As they browsed through the menus and made their selections, it was Scott who kept the conversation flowing, tactfully avoiding Chantal’s flirtation with defeat and instead quizzing Marie about her work, some of which he was familiar with, which again impressed Lewis. 
“And are you working on anything new?” Scott asked once the food order had been taken.
“In the early stages,” she answered. “And that’s a dangerous time for me as I can get too engrossed, and miss too much of what is around me. Like seeing Melbourne! Would you believe that I haven’t even been to the National Gallery as yet on this visit?”
“Me neither!” admitted Scott as if this was a scandal, leaving Lewis to wonder what was so great about the place. Perhaps he should make an effort to go see for himself, then he wouldn’t have to sit quietly when the subject was raised. He was too pre-occupied with this to take much note of the next question Scott posed. 
“And what is the theme of your new book?” the American asked.
“Complex relationships!” said Marie with a smile. “Very French - it’s our speciality... And you, Scott, I understand you are working for ABC, as well as helping Lewis, which we all appreciate, as he seriously needs it. But what will you do afterwards?”
Suddenly all thoughts of the National Gallery vanished. Lewis sharpened his wits as he waited on an answer. He had not thought that far ahead where Scott was concerned, to the time when both of them would move on from Melbourne, and he found the idea strangely disturbing. 
“Go back to the States,” was the American’s answer. “It’s a one off here. I might do some more commentary work, but I think it’s unlikely.”
“Any other plans?” asked Marie.
Scott shrugged his shoulders. “Play some more golf. Write a book maybe: the life story... everyone does it. Perhaps you know a good ghost writer - it’s not my thing really.”
Marie smiled and shook her head. “I’m afraid not, but you should do it... very therapeutic. It would give you a chance to evaluate your life, and work out what you want to do with it now.”
“Well I’ve got an idea!” Lewis chipped in. “I could seriously do with some help at the French Open. As you speak the language - if nothing else, you could help me prepare my first round loser’s speech. Paris has got fabulous restaurants, and the best wine in the world, or so I’m assured. There are plenty of galleries to go and see as well. The girls could show us around. It might be fun. Chantal and I are going to enter the doubles - now that would be worth coming to see, do you not think?” 
Lewis regretted it immediately, realising how silly he sounded. He was acting like a child in the company of sophisticated adults, and Scott’s silence for an answer did nothing to relieve his anguish. Thankfully Marie came to the rescue. 
“Don’t worry, Lewis – if Scott’s not available, I’ll help you with your speech. And perhaps it would be better if I played in the doubles with you. Chantal will be too busy winning the singles. It will be fun, and when we get knocked out, I will show you Paris... my Paris. We will go to the galleries and you can learn about art. We will dine at the best restaurants which are not the most expensive. And I will teach you the difference between Burgundy and Claret. Then when we come to England, you can show me London, and buy me fish and chips.”
“You need to eat them out of a newspaper. It’s not very stylish, but they don’t taste the same otherwise. It does sound like fun... Thank you.” And he meant that from the bottom of his heart.
Having raised the subject, the spectre of the immanent future hung like a shadow over the meal, the three tennis players seemingly touched by its invisible cloak. So it fell to Marie to hold things together, which was a role she was happy to play. The dinner table was her court, much more than theirs. And as she flitted from one subject to another, keeping the conversation flowing with a practised ease, Marie recalled what Chantal had said earlier about the battles in the head. Her girlfriend was fighting one there and then, the inner doubts returning to plague her once again. Lewis fought as well, with his concerns about what others thought, and what was happening around him. And Scott... yes, Marie had seen a battle there as well. It was only a suspicion she had at the time as to its nature, but she had seen it within him. And his was the biggest battle of all.
That battled intensified as they left the restaurant. Thanks to a tip off from an unscrupulous waiter, a photographer was waiting outside Serendipity, and their picture was duly taken. It was not an unusual event for any of them, though for a flustered Scott Taylor whose cool facade finally cracked with a glare of annoyance, it was something that lay more in his past. But tonight, he suspected, it would be him, rather than the others that any story would be centred on. He joined Chantal and Marie in their cab, returning to the Langham Hotel feeling anxious and subdued, leaving Lewis to make his own way back to the house.  
Chapter 34
It was quiet when Lewis returned. Mike had gone out for the evening to a comedy club, whilst Jim was meeting up with some old friends for a drink leaving poor old Fiona home on her own. As was her want, she quizzed him about his evening as soon as he got in. How was the restaurant, the decor, the service, and was the food any good? Lewis wasn’t really in the mood for a chinwag, but when it came to Fiona he always made an effort – she certainly deserved it after all she’d done for him, acting as a surrogate mother for half his life. So he sat himself in a chair and gave her the lowdown, trying to remember what people had been wearing beyond a smart Italian suit – women’s dresses never made much of an impression on Lewis, much to Fiona’s perpetual annoyance.
Having exhausted the topic, the conversation then turned to the big day on Monday – the match, and of course the intrigue around it. 
“And your friend, Lee... he’ll be arriving about lunch time. Will he come over here first before going to Melbourne Park?” Fiona asked.
It was here that Lewis perked himself up, for this was a question he’d been asking himself. It would be good to get Fiona’s opinion on the matter, especially where it concerned her cantankerous husband. “To be honest, I’m not really sure. I suppose if it’s in the evening then it would make sense if he did, but... Well, what do you think? Should he come over, or just meet us there?”
“The pair of you should do as you please. It would be nice to meet him, though. I know he means a lot to you... And don’t worry about Jim. He’ll be fine.”
Her smile was so reassuring, but Lewis still asked the question anyway. “Are you certain about that? I know he’s finding this awkward.”
Fiona reached over and patted his hand. “There are lots of awkward things in life, Lewis, but we deal with them. I think it would rude not to ask him round. Don’t worry - we’re not going to scare him off. He’ll be made welcome... And he’ll be made welcome if you decide you want him to stay the night. I’ve made the arrangements for a hotel though, and the flight ticket will be with him tomorrow. I’ve left the return open. There’s a whole week to go yet.”
Lewis could feel a blush coming to his cheeks. He’d thought about a bed, but not the practicalities. It was good to have such an open and pragmatic person to help him out. “Thanks, Fiona, I’ll away to my room now and get some sleep. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Aye, you do that. Goodnight.”
Once in his room, Lewis was unable to settle. So many things were disturbing him and running through his mind, like his idiotic behaviour at times over dinner, and the expression on Scott’s face when their photograph was taken outside the restaurant, with ‘Serendipity’ flashing in the background. That was no happy accident, and Lewis had a horrible feeling it would come back to haunt them.
He hoped that it wouldn’t though. He valued Scott too much – as a mentor, a friend, as idol he could look up to, the perfect role model for a lad like himself, both in and out of his sport. Ruggedly good looking and sexy with it, he was the perfect man in so many ways. Sadly straight, but there you go – everyone have to have some fault to their character, and as far as Lewis was concerned, that one was a whopper.
Slouched on his bed, Lewis wondered what Scott was up to now. Young, single, rich and famous, easy on the eye and probably hacked off – the chances were he’d gone to the hotel bar where there were always some tennis groupies to be found - obliging young ladies on the lookout for a star. That would be a way for Scott to finish the night well and put paid to any potential speculation. And oddly enough, as he considered this possibility, Lewis found the notion rather disturbing, in the same way he’d been irked by Scott’s plans for after Melbourne. It was totally irrational, but…there again…Young Mr. Macleod had his faults as well.
Lewis rattled his head to buck himself up – it was totally out of order what he was allowing to happen: nurturing a crush on a bloke who was straight, and who would disappear from his life in just over a week’s time. He needed to get things into better perspective and accept the reality of the situation – behave accordingly, and not fawn over the man like he’d done during dinner, making a fool of himself, and embarrassing everyone in the process, including Scott.
And of course there was the other man in his life to consider – something that Fiona had clearly done, making arrangements and paving the way so the option was there for them to spend the night together. Okay, so there might be an agenda where this physically perfect man was concerned. But what the heck! Lee Porter was simple in so many respects – definitely available, possibly the best, with no complications after the event... 
Yeah, right!
It was already complicated. Perhaps ten days ago it could have been simple if only circumstances had been different. They could have jumped into bed and parted ways in the morning as was usually the case: another notch to be carved, another name to be forgotten, assuming one had been given in the first place. That’s how it had always been for Lewis up till now. But how could that possibly be the case with Lee? Friendship had complicated things, and Lewis wanted more than a procession of one-night stands – he wanted his perfect man.
Could it be that Lee Porter might actually be a candidate? The best for a shag, and the worst for a boyfriend – that had been Lewis’s earlier opinion. But was that extreme view really the case? It might be unfair to make the assumption that Lee’s life was truly a riot of men and parties. He’d certainly sowed a few wild oats, but perhaps having done so and hit the wrong side of thirty, he was ready to settle down. Lee had surprised him before, so perhaps he might have it in him, starting with tonight.  
Yeah, right again!
As another irrational bout of anxiety hit him, Lewis’s mind drifted back to the last time he saw Lee, recalling the words that had been spoken whilst a hand rested on his cheek. “You call me, whenever you need to, whenever you want to. I’ll be there for you, Lewis.”
Lewis checked his watch: it was almost eleven o’clock, so there was a chance that Lee hadn’t yet left for the club. The call was made. He let it ring for a couple of minutes, but there was no answer. Tonight’s riot of men and parties had apparently already started. Lewis laughed at his stupidity to have thought anything else. The man was a player and promiscuous to the core – the proverbial leopard who could never change his spots. And just like with Scott, Lewis needed to get real and keep things in perspective.
‘Shame I couldn’t somehow mix the two together,’ he thought, ‘for between them they’ve the makings of my kind of perfection.’
But that was being silly – a childish fantasy and he was now a grown man. Lewis went to bed, and tried to compartmentalise. He tried to put Lee Porter and Scott Taylor out of his head. It didn’t come very easy.
***
In their suite at the Langham Hotel, Chantal and Marie were also preparing for bed. Marie had been concerned about Chantal’s demeanour throughout the evening - she knew that the doubts were creeping up on her again, the pressure of expectation was starting to weigh heavy. Experience told her to stay away from the subject in the current mood. It was something she would tackle in the morning. Hopefully, after some rest, Chantal would be more approachable. But there was another topic that she did feel could be broached this evening.
“Scott seemed very nice - I liked him. Did you know him well?” she asked as she unzipped her girlfriend’s dress.
“No. Not really. He was always very reserved. A remarkable player, though... Such a shame that injury ended his career so early.”
“I take it that he’s here on his own,” Marie casually enquired. “Is there no woman in his life?”
Chantal glanced over her shoulder. “He was married, but got divorced a year or so ago, I think. I don’t know if there is anyone now. Why do you ask, ma chérie?”
“Nothing!” answered Marie, moving away.
Nothing indeed! Nothing for Chantal to concern herself with, as Marie would do it for her. She was nobody’s fool! And she was not so engrossed in her new book to have missed what had transpired over dinner. She had watched Lewis during the evening, and had noted the way he had reacted towards Scott. There might be a man in Sydney, a man who was coming, and would sit in the box for all the world to see, but Lewis most certainly had two men in his life at present, she was sure of that. The way he had looked at Scott. That was more than just friendship; more than just a player looking at his coach, or whatever Scott Taylor was supposed to be. 
And Scott! 
He hid it better, but she felt that he was also disturbed by the idea of moving on after Melbourne. Lewis couldn’t hide it at all. He didn’t want Scott to leave. She laughed to herself, thinking about the nonsense that he had said about the French Open. Clutching at a straw, and embarrassing himself in the process. Scott was blasé about it all, but too blasé in Marie’s opinion. She was pretty sure now as to the nature of his internal battle.
Complex relationships! They were very French, but not exclusively so - that was Marie’s astute conclusion. There were complex relationships here in Australia. But how would they develop over the coming week – that was something Marie looked forward to seeing!
***
Five hundred miles away and several hours later, Lee and the boys returned to their apartment with a small group of clubbers in tow. There were numerous parties happening in the area, so noise would not be an issue. It had not been on the previous weekends when similar parties had been hosted. The music kicked off, too lively for Lee’s liking. Then some weed started to circulate the room. A few lines of cocaine were also being knocked out on the coffee table. Lee decided against both, and went to the kitchen to get a beer - his first of the evening. One of the lads was there with a guy from the club. They took no notice of Lee, and continued fooling around as he collected his beer from the fridge.
Back in the lounge he sat down on the floor, away from the main crowd who were starting to pair off... or treble off in some cases! Lee looked around, he took in the scene, and he took in the guys. There were a few that might have interested him, but not tonight! His mind just wasn’t there. Instead, his thoughts were five hundred miles away, and it surprised him that it was there that he really wanted to be, tonight in a bed, and not in a box in two days time. He picked up his beer and left the party to go to his room, alone.  
Before retiring, he checked his mobile for any messages. He never took it with him to the clubs, he had lost one that way in the past, and the inconvenience was enormous. There were no messages, but one missed call, from Lewis. 
Lee felt both please and saddened. It was the first time that Lewis had called and he wasn’t there for him.
But then again - perhaps for the first time, he actually was.
Complex relationships indeed!
Chapter 35
Monday morning in Australia, and everyone in the Darlinghurst apartment were still in bed, except for Lee Porter who was making some last minute changes to his selection of clothes for his trip to Melbourne. He had given the subject of what to take a lot of thought since the ticket arrived the previous day. An open return! Exactly how long did Lewis expect him to stay? Lee decided to plan for a week whilst giving the impression he’d assumed only one night. He had gone through a variety of scenarios for the trip. Envisaging himself in different situations, and wondering what best to be wearing at the time. He needed to strike a balance, and get the image right – right for Lewis, his team, and the public at large. 
As he examined the clothes he had lain out on his bed, Lee realised that it was Lewis he was dressing for, but it was the public that he needed to impress the most. Once again he was getting distracted - losing focus on the prize. Items were discarded that he thought too ‘gay’ or too ‘tarty’. It was better to tone things down: subtlety rather than in your face ‘Look at me! Ain’t I gorgeous!’… was Lee’s revised view so that the world could see a different side of him. There would be enough of the obvious on view after the event, for the millions who he hoped would be logging into his website. 
New items were searched for. Not happy with what he found in his wardrobe, Lee was considering a shopping trip in Melbourne when his mobile rang. It was Anthony Jenkins.
“Mr. Porter, how are you this morning, sir?” the marketing man asked.
“Fine thanks, I’ll be leaving soon for Melbourne. I’m looking forward to seeing the last of your countrymen get knocked out this evening. I assume you’ll be placing patriotism aside and cheer Lewis on as well?”
“Not publicly of course, but I will shed no tears if Australia are not represented in the next round. Have you broached the subject of the final yet?”
“One step at a time, Anthony! That’s a conversation that will happen face to face, and only when the time is right. Lewis needs to get past a couple of tricky opponents first.”
“Of course! His chances do appear to be increasing, though. I may have underestimated him. It’s your appearance at the final that gives me more concern at the moment. Apparently you have a rival.”
Lee froze for a second, trying to guess who Anthony might be referring to. There could be only one person: a niggling American who was now turning into a major irritation. 
“I assume you mean Scott Taylor! He’s hardly a rival for what we need, Anthony. He’s been working with Lewis over the past week, and to good effect. I wasn’t aware that it was public knowledge, however.”
Anthony drew out a smug chortle. “The Daily Herald is most resourceful - something you will find out for yourself soon enough. Are you certain that there is no more to the relationship than that of a coach? A romantic interest with someone else would seriously undermine our campaign.”
“There is no more involved, Anthony. They had dinner together - it means nothing, despite what the Herald might conjecture by it. They will have a lot more to write about come tomorrow, I can assure you. Scott Taylor is a necessary bit player, nothing else.”
“I hope you are right. But Lewis has undoubtedly incorporated a little discretion into his repertoire over the past few weeks. Perhaps your appearance tonight is intended to distract the media away from the real story. You did say that you were just friends.”
Lee clenched his free fist. He wasn’t a violent man, but right at that moment he could have happily punched Anthony’s lights out with a well delivered left hook. “You concentrate on the preparations for the campaign, Anthony - I’ll worry about Lewis, and Scott Taylor. We’ll speak tomorrow after the match. Terms and conditions, Anthony - they need to be agreed.”
“If he wins... Enjoy the trip.” 
“He will do... Goodbye.”
Lee cursed to himself as he hung up, wondering exactly what the Herald had printed this time. He was sure that it was the dinner engagement - Lee couldn’t believe that it would be anything else. He realised that they must have been spotted together, and a story built around it. Lewis had told him yesterday that Scott had turned up, but made no mention of the press. But why would he? Media intrusion was part of Lewis’s life. It would have been just another photograph to him. ‘He can be so naive,’ thought Lee with a smile.  
He was annoyed with himself though, knowing that he should have seen this coming. It would have been impossible to prevent, but at least he would have been prepared. He was slipping - it was another example where he was losing focus on the prize, dwelling too much on Lewis, and the prospect of seeing him again, instead of the reason for doing so.
‘A contract with HIM Clothing, and the title of ‘The Perfect Man’ - is that really the prize?’ Lee wondered. It was a question he had asked himself on numerous occasions over the weekend, and his answer remained the same. ‘It has to be. Forget about anything else: all this nonsense that’s been going around in your head that something could actually happen other than a hell of a good shag. Our lives are poles apart. We would destroy each other. Well, I would destroy him. Hurt him, yes, but not destroy him? No... Not now.’ 
Lee resolved to steel himself against any emotional involvement, for both their sakes. Resolved to remain detached, and to take what he wanted from Lewis, as he had done with all the other men in his life. Resolved to end the speculation that had persisted with him over the weekend, about whether Lewis Macleod could ever be anything more to him than a casual fuck and a ticket to wider celebrity. Lee saw his purpose again, and resolved to adhere to it. He returned to his packing, revising his selection yet again.
Chapter 36
Meanwhile in Melbourne, the article in the Herald was causing further consternation. Scott Taylor had read it over breakfast in the privacy of his room – Eggs Benedict were a favourite, and the Langham did them well, but the dish lay untouched, his appetite ruined.
What was written wasn’t actually all that bad. The editor was smart enough not to step over the line where litigation was at risk. The facts were adhered to and the conjecture was mild. To be honest it was nothing if you had nothing to hide, which technically was the case for Scott. But it was drawing the sort of attention that he had always aimed to avoid. Inferences could be made. Speculation would abound. And of course things could only get worse by the end of the day. Lee Porter’s appearance in the box this evening would place the media’s spotlight firmly on Lewis and anyone connected to him. And if he were to win tonight’s match, knock out the home country’s last hope on the eve of Australia Day, then the knives would be out, and Scott could end up one of the casualties in the bloodletting.
Scott paced the room, his breakfast forgotten – a sip of coffee was all that he’d taken. He tried to think things through, and force some calm into a cauldron of alarm, but the more he thought, the more the cauldron bubbled, spewing out trouble in scanty disguises. 
Porter! Porter! Damn that man! That was the clarion call in the troubled American’s head. Arguably Lee’s arrival would do Scott a favour. It would certainly deflect attention from the recent conjecture. But on the other hand it would provoke even closer scrutiny. Curious eyes would turn to Scott to see how he reacted – reacted to Lee, to the website, and to the relationship with Lewis which was about to become sexual if it wasn’t already, because why else would he want to be involved with such a man.
Scott felt torn. He had grown to like Macleod so much – and like him in a way he wished he didn’t have to fight. Perhaps he could have risen above it – laughed the article off which he knew was the proper reaction, and worked things out privately away from the public glare, perhaps even dare to chance his luck and satisfy his snarling curiosity. But what was the point when Porter was coming – a man that he felt he could never compete with, even if he did pluck up the nerve to try. 
Porter! Porter! Damn the man to hell! Damn his fine body and confident smile, and that incredible ass that I’m curious about as well! Scott realised he had been pretending that he was immune to the arrival. He’d hoped to come across as a modern thinker who saw no problem at all with what the man did and how he displayed himself so lewdly on the internet. For surely that was the ‘proper’ reaction – but only where a relationship was on a professional level. What he felt for Lewis went way beyond that though. He liked him so much on so many levels. He yearned for the lad: to ravish him with his eyes; to hold him in his arms; to meld with him in bed in a torrent of passion. But Porter was coming! And with all the public interest he’d bring in his wake, Scott’s true sentiments might be cruelly exposed. Perhaps it might be best to make a dignified retreat and not risk becoming a laughing stock as the jilted curious suitor.
Hoping for some guidance, and wanting to test waters to see how others were reacting, a call was made to Ben Harding, his production manager at ABC. Scott wanted to put the relationship with Lewis into perspective, and explained his role in assisting him earlier in the week. He played the situation down, and offered to sever the link if it was felt there might be a conflict of interests. But it was not a problem for Ben, quite the contrary in fact - he found the whole thing quite amusing, and thought the exposure was a bonus.
“Lots of commentators have a working relationship with players on the tour, Scott. You can explain it this evening when you’re covering Lewis’s match… Just don’t side with him blatantly when you’re commentating.”
“Are you sure it’s a good idea that I cover the match?” asked Scott. He didn’t relish the prospect, but obviously didn’t mention his real reasons for reluctance.
“Hell, yes! If you don’t, then people will read something into it. Just go about your business as usual.”
“Are you certain you wouldn’t prefer me to switch to the afternoon slot today?”
“Abso-bloody-lutely, mate! I want our main man for the main match tonight. I’ll see you this evening. Goodbye, Scott.”
So the waters ran clear as things currently stood, but Scott knew that was going to change. Still fretting, he wandered out to his balcony to consider the next step. From his vantage point he could see much of Melbourne sprawling out before him. The Yarra River dominated his view, with Federation Square, Melbourne’s cultural centre just across the water. To the left lay the docklands, and to the right round the bend in the river was Melbourne Park with the Cricket Ground just beyond. Scott remembered standing on a similar balcony in the same hotel almost a decade ago, the newly crowned champion. Everything had seemed so simple then, just tennis, no other complications. He didn’t allow complications in those days, unlike now, when he had allowed the complication that was Lewis Macleod to enter his life.
Scott knew he had brought this on himself. He had genuinely wanted to help Lewis, and felt that he had done so - though the real test would come over the next few days. He could walk away now and know that he had still made a contribution - one that might even take Lewis all the way. But if he was honest with himself, he knew that Gonzales would still be a problem - Lewis hadn’t quite solved that riddle yet. Tactics had been covered, certain shots had been worked on, another day of practice without other opponents to consider might just do the trick and arm the young Scot with more than a tattooed sleeve – give him the weapons that could spring a surprise.
Continuing to help was the ‘proper’ thing to do - not giving up when help was needed most. Scott Taylor was a fighter – ask anyone who’d played him! The man was tenacious. He battled to the end and usually emerged victorious. But this was a clash he lacked the stomach for. There was too much at stake – too much baggage. 
Porter! Porter! Damn the blasted man! If it wasn’t for him then perhaps it would be different. Definitely another day – help Lewis beat Gonzales. Of course the whole week – take him all the way to the final. And after that – well that is a lifetime away. But not with Lee Porter in the picture! Not with those pictures all over the internet! Not with the bastard taking Lewis to his bed!
Chapter 37
Jim Murdoch had been dreading the call all morning. He feared it was coming, ever since Fiona had taken him aside and shown him the article in the Herald - a newspaper Jim would happily see banned for all eternity and its staff incarcerated in the very pits of hell. The only real surprise was that it took until almost noon for Scott to break the news that he felt his contribution was no longer appropriate.
Of course Jim tried to reason with the American. The article was silly. It would all blow over. It would be forgotten about in a second once Lee Porter parked his much photographed arse on a seat in Lewis’s box! But the mention of Lee’s name seemed to harden Scott’s position – which was quite understandable in Jim Murdoch’s opinion, so he tried a different tact.
“Please Scott!” Jim urged. “Create a bit of distance today if you want. But if he beats Roberts, we need you there tomorrow for the practice. Don’t reject him now over some piece of drivel in a newspaper.”
“He knows how to beat Gonzales - we’ve gone over the game plan. He can put it together.”
“Perhaps!” agreed Jim. “He might just have mastered the tricks you’ve shown him. I can take him through them again anyway, I suppose, but not like you can. It wouldn’t matter though, not if his head isn’t there. Could you not just turn up and wish him luck - just let him see you. That would mean more to him than any advice you could offer.”
“I think it’s best I keep my distance now, Jim. Perhaps there was a problem which I didn’t see coming. I’m sorry.”
Jim could hear from the adamant tone that there was no point in arguing further. He knew he should be grateful for the contribution to date – and he was – it was just that hopes had been raised and he wanted so much more. This was coming as a crushing blow. Damn the Herald! And damn Lee Porter! Damn the whole world was Murdoch’s view at that moment. Could the boy not have a happy ending for a change? 
“Okay. I understand Scott. But if you don’t mind, I’m going to leave things open and play it down for today – make some excuse as to why you’re not at this afternoon’s practice. We’ve got more than enough to contend with as it is. Let me know if you change your mind about tomorrow, though... You know, you seemed happy, Scott, working with him. It looked like you were enjoying it. The coaching that is. More interesting for you than commentating, I’d say. Something to think about for the future maybe - obviously not with Lewis, but there are plenty of others that would welcome your input. No one would appreciate it as much, though - or achieve as much as a consequence. Thanks for letting me know. Good day.”
***
“Is it because of this?” Lewis asked, tossing the newspaper aside. Word had reached him whilst chilling by the pool, and he’d scanned through the article before Jim came along with the news about today’s practice. “All they’ve said is that he was seen out with me, chaperoned by a couple of lesbians. What’s the problem with that? It doesn’t make him a fucking poof now, does it?”
“He’s got other commitments today! I’m sure it’s no big deal.”
Lewis shook his head and gave his coach a wry smile. “You’re a terrible liar, Jim Murdoch... But thanks for trying.”
Secrets and lies – they were never Jim’s strong point. So he gave up the subterfuge without much of a fight. “All right – so maybe there’s more of a problem. But I’m sure he’ll come round, Lewis. I’ll speak to him again later, once he’s had time to think it over a bit more.”
“No, leave it, Jim,” was Lewis’s view. “Scott’s made his mind up. I kind of expected this. I didn’t say... I suppose I hoped it would go away. But I saw it yesterday on the practice court. He was uncomfortable. I thought it was because I made a bit of a tit of myself over dinner on Saturday. But deep down I knew there was a bigger issue.” The Herald was picked back up and the photograph looked at. “He certainly wasn’t very happy when this was taken. No, not one little bit.” Lewis absorbed Scott’s angst and felt his own hurt, then resigning himself to the inevitable he tossed it all away and confided in his best ally. “Oh, well...  It was all going to end soon anyway. Just the Open, that was all. He’s probably not going to do any more commentating work - he told me that. So we were unlikely to see him again... It’s strange - I had this idea that he might change his mind, though... you know, carry on commentating for ABC. Then he would be at all the big tournaments we’d go to - the slams for sure, and maybe some more - and he would have been there to help out in the same way he’s helped here. Silly of me! Oh well - I’ll just have to make do with you, Jim.” Lewis smiled at his coach, and patted him on the back to assure him it was no put down then added, “We’ve won one on our own, and we can do it again.”
“Aye, Lewis, of course we can.”
“He did help, though. He never wanted anything, did he?”
“No.”
“We should send him something, a wee thank you: a bunch of flowers to his box tonight – maybe delivered by one of Lee’s scantily dressed lads. I’m sure he’d see the joke.”
Jim laughed, helping Lewis with the brave face he was putting on. “Maybe not, Lewis,” he advised, although the devil in him thought it was no less than what Scott deserved.
“Aye, maybe not,” Lewis agreed. “But we’ll get him something, eh?  I do want to thank him for what he’s done - show him there are no hard feelings, which there aren’t.”
“I’ll ask Fiona to pick something up.”
Lewis shook his head. “No, I’ll get it myself. Effort deserves a bit of effort in return.”
“Are you sure you don’t want me to speak to him again. We could do with his help tomorrow, if nothing else.”
Lewis shook his head adamantly. “No thanks, Jim. Let him decide for himself. If he turns up tomorrow then all very well, but I won’t expect him, and nor should you... When are we leaving for the practice today?”
“Another hour yet, Lewis - I’ve arranged for Mario to be there.”
“Fine! I’ll be ready.”
Alone again, Lewis absorbed the blow – he knew it was coming, but it still hurt like hell, particularly as he’d stupidly buffered himself by blinkering his eyes in the silly fantasy of platonic friendship that he’d outlined to Jim. That was daft – an extension of the rant he’d blurted out over dinner at Serendipity – a straw he’d clutched at to keep Scott in his life as a prominent feature. And now the fantasy was dashed! Everything was blown! He’d been rejected by his idol – a man who obviously wasn’t quite as liberal minded as Lewis had thought.
But Lewis didn’t dwell on this for long. He found a compartment and forced it all in there: the idol, the rejection and the fantasy that was lost. There were more important things to be faced that were starkly real – like the match tonight in the Rod Laver Arena, and the fact that Lee Porter was back in Melbourne. They’d spoken half an hour ago when Lee had arrived, and agreed to meet at the house before going to the match. What would happen after that had been tactfully avoided, although there’d been enough innuendo to make it blatantly obvious that as long as Lewis wasn’t too exhausted then Lee would happily tire him out further till he was in that happy state.
It was an enticing prospect. And one that could be embraced without guilt interfering, as might have been the case before the news he’d just received. Lewis had never felt comfortable with having two men in his life as it was his nature to want only the one. Scott had taken his position. And while Lewis didn’t like it, perhaps it was for the best. An idol belongs on a pedestal and in silly teenage dreams. Whereas men like Lee Porter belonged in your bed... at least until the perfect man came along and banished all others for ever more. Another silly fantasy perhaps – but a boy’s allowed to dream.
Chapter 38
The photographers lurking at the gate had no idea who Lee was – not yet at any rate! But they still took some shots as he got out the cab which pulled up outside the house where Lewis and his team were residing. They’d been hoping for Scott Taylor, but this one would do – any man would do when it came to Macleod. The snapping intensified when they got a good look at him, which Lee craftily allowed without being too obvious. The photographers were impressed. This could hardly be described as ‘any man’ as he had a devilish good look, a confident swagger, and some very classy clothing that he carried well on his hunky frame. No, this wasn’t any ordinary man - if anything, he was verging on the perfect.
Lee hoped so! He had certainly taken pains to perfect his current look, spending much of the afternoon searching out the clothes he now wore: a silver-grey summer suit with matching grey shoes, and a tailored white shirt that was opened at the neck and just tight enough to hint at the swell of his pecs. Pleased with his choices and all the attention, he made his way to the door where he rang the bell, reminding himself once again that Lewis Macleod wasn’t the only one with a game to play this evening.
“You must be Lee, come in,” said Fiona who answered a few moments later. Then spotting the small group of photographers at the gate, she added, “Heavens! Will those people never leave us in peace? We had a week without them, but they’re back in force now. Sorry.”
“It’s no bother, really,” assured Lee as he entered the house, Fiona quickly closing the door behind him. 
Some pleasantries were made regarding the journey and the hotel, Fiona apologising that she couldn’t get Lee into the Langham which was full of tennis players and their entourages. Lee said everything was fine, which indeed it was. Then they moved into the living area where Jim was busy analysing a replay of Edwin Roberts’s third round match.   
“Jim! For goodness sake!” Fiona chided. “Will you turn that thing off for a minute and come and say hello to Lee.”
Jim Murdoch had been bracing himself for this, and now the moment was here. He paused the recording before rising from his chair to meet Lee Porter at last. And first impressions weren’t too bad – he was a lot less intimidating than Jim had feared. Having his body decently covered with a full suit of clothing certainly helped to make him more palatable!
“Hello. I’m Jim... Jim Murdoch. It’s good to meet you at last. I wanted to say thanks for what you did last week. We’d be here sightseeing at the moment otherwise.”
“It was nothing,” said Lee, shaking the offered hand. “How are you? Looking forward to tonight?”
“Oh, aye!” harped Jim, happy to keep the conversation to tennis. “It’ll be the first time for all of us in the Rod Laver Arena – should be quite a show, what with an Aussie playing.”
“No repeats of last week, I hope.”
Jim shook his head. “No! No! It’s too big an occasion for that sort of nonsense to be allowed. A few cat calls maybe, but they’ll wash over Lewis now.”
Lee looked over to the television where a tennis match was freeze framed. “Don’t let me interrupt what you were doing. Just say if I’m getting in the way of anything. I don’t want to interfere with Lewis’s preparations.”
“Och, I’m just keeping busy that’s all,” answered Jim. “It calms the nerves… Lewis is out by the pool if you want to go and let him know you’re here. It’ll be another hour before he needs to get ready.”
“Sure, I’ll do that. Through there?” asked Lee nodding towards the patio doors.
“Aye, that’s the way,” replied Jim. Then as Lee started to move off, he added, “He might not show it, but Lewis is a bit on edge at the moment. He needs to unwind and relax. As you’re here and... Well, as you’re not directly associated with the sport - maybe you could talk to him about something other than tennis. Take his mind off it for a while. It’ll be my job then to bring him back.”
“Of course,” agreed Lee. “I’ll do what I can.”
Lee saw him immediately as he stepped outside. Wearing only a pair of blue Speedos, the notorious Macleod was lying face down on a sun-bed by the side of the pool, music blasting from an iPod directly to his ears - too loud for him to hear anything else, like the discreet cough Lee made once he’d closed the patio doors behind him. 
It was a bit naughty, but Lee couldn’t resist taking advantage of the situation. He stood for a moment making no further sound as he examined the basking young man. What he saw was a collection of minor flaws that added up to a spectacular whole – something different and unique, so unlike the stereotype gym-forced perfection that Lee himself had achieved, and was the staple of his sexual diet. The shoulders looked strong but the back was less developed, and Lee knew that the same would apply to the chest. The legs were great, fit for their purpose of explosive sprinting around a tennis court, but not in ideal proportion to the upper body. Despite his current efforts, Lewis’s skin wasn’t evenly bronzed – the lower legs and left arm had a darker colouration as a result of the excessive exposure his tennis gear allowed. The right arm was different, covered by the tattooed sleeve. And now that Lee looked closer, he could see that it was much thicker on the forearm than the left – muscles developed as a consequence of his sport, due to years of holding a tennis racket tightly. Without the tattoo it would have looked slightly freakish, but the sleeve drew the attention away from the anomaly. Lee wondered if this was another example of Lewis hiding what he was. That was something to ask about perhaps, but not today. 
Lee continued to look, enjoying his stolen voyeurism. He liked the effect the process had created – Lewis’s body glistening with its covering of suntan oil. And sweat of course – there was plenty of that! Lee could make out the drops of moisture that ran down Lewis’s nose, and collected on the ground below him, forming a small pool of its own. Another pool had gathered at the base of his spine, fed by the sweat from his gently sloping back. Beyond it, the covered mounds of his buttocks rose more sharply; and it was there that Lee halted his inspection, wishing that propriety allowed for a more thorough investigation.
‘If only,’ thought Lee, mightily tempted to use a bit of initiative in doing Jim Murdoch’s bidding and take Lewis’s mind off of tennis the best way he knew how.
Imagining that bliss, Lee walked over quietly, savouring the view as he did so. He knelt by Lewis’s head and removed the earphones - only altering the gaze that had remained steadfast throughout when Lewis jerked at the interruption.
“Sorry. Did I wake you up?” asked Lee smiling down at him.
“No, I was just day dreaming,” said Lewis, blushing slightly. He had been dreaming about Lee in a similar vein to what Mr. Porter had just been envisioning. “Nice suit!” he added on seeing the clothing, surprised but decidedly impressed – he did look just as good in one as Scott – better in fact, because he was here and the American wasn’t! 
Lee flicked a glance down to the shimmering material. “I got it today,” he confessed. “Designer shops are always my favourite sights to see in any new town.”
Lewis feigned a look of disappointment. “And there was me thinking you were doing a tour of the art galleries.”
Lee laughed – an easy laugh, not forced in the slightest. “That happens, but not on the first day... So is this how you normally prepare for a match? I expected to come in to find some major planning session going on. Jim busy drawing diagrams on a blackboard and showing you where to run.” Lee realised too late that he had brought up the wrong subject. He needed to refocus on the prize! But his sight was getting blurred, and no matter how hard he tried - all he could see was Lewis Macleod.
“That’s football,” replied Lewis with an equally easy laugh which was followed by the most sublime of smiles, causing Lee’s vision to polarise further. “You’re getting Jim mixed up with Alex Ferguson. Tennis is a lot easier, you just need to hit the ball hard, try and get it in and hope it doesn’t come back... But anyway - enough of that! Let me have a quick dip to cool down, and then we can sit over there in the shade... You want to be careful in the sun with that jacket. It would be a shame to spoil it by getting it all hot and sweaty.”
“You’re right, it is a bit hot,” said Lee standing up and removing it, teasingly enough to make it perfectly clear that he’d be happy to go a lot further. 
Lewis watched on, looking forward to seeing him do exactly that, making no attempt whatsoever to disguise the lust in his eyes. Why pretend anymore? They both knew what was going to happen, and more than ever after his earlier rejection, Lewis needed to embrace acceptance, if only for one night. “There’s plenty to drink inside if you’re thirsty,” he said, once the jacket had been draped over a chair.
Lee smiled, enjoying the foreplay. “Good idea, I’ll get some juice. What about you?” 
“There’s a special concoction in the fridge for me. They’ll show you the one,” said Lewis as he stood up and went over to shower before plunging into the pool to cool his body and his ardour, leaving Lee to cool down for a moment as well before he went to fetch the drinks.
By the time he returned a few minutes later, Lewis had dried himself off and donned a pair of Bermuda shorts. He was now seated at a table shaded by a parasol. “Thanks, Lee,” the youngster said as he accepted the drink. “You know, I haven’t really had a chance to talk to you properly since Sydney. It was a bit weird when we met before in the players’ lounge. I was seriously on edge, what with all the drama that was going on. And when we’ve spoken on the phone, it tends to be about me. It would be nice to hear about you for a change.”
“What do you want to know?”
“Anything, as long as it doesn’t involve tennis, okay?”
Happy to oblige, not thinking it his duty in the slightest, Lee gave him a potted history of his background and his life, sensibly editing out the more shady elements like the riot of men and parties that had featured so prominently. Lewis made it easy for him with his questioning - innocent questions which had no obvious motive other than interest in him. Lee found it refreshing, and tried to reciprocate with innocent questions of his own. It was a rare experience for him, to chat aimlessly, but with a purpose - to get to know someone. For an hour they put aside their own purposes for the evening, and relaxed in each other’s company: two players of consequence from different worlds finding neutral ground where neither were king, nor particularly wished to be. They gloried in each other’s company, relishing the words that were spoken and the faces from which they emanated. They spoke of this and that, always avoiding two subjects: tennis, and what would happen after the tennis. But between the lines it was made perfectly clear - that whatever the result of the match to be played there would be no refusals tonight. By the end of the hour they were looking forward to that long-overdue event, but in no rush to move the verbal foreplay on. It came as a disappointment to them both when Jim appeared and drew their time to an end.
“Duty calls,” said Lewis. “There’s a routine to be followed now.”
“Is it best I stay here and keep out of the way?” asked Lee.
“Only if you want to,” replied Lewis as he stood up. “But you’re not in the way, far from it. I’m glad you’re here. I really am.” 
Lee rose as well, and seeing that Jim had gone back into the house, he touched the young man on the shoulder, resting his hand there as he gazed into his eyes. The kiss came naturally. It was tender and all confirming: two players of consequence relishing the shared ground. It ended, leaving pleased but sheepish smiles - and for Lee Porter the surprise of an honest simple statement.
“Me too,” he replied, knowing fine well that it had nothing to do with the plan he had come with - a plan that he seriously needed to reconsider.
Chapter 39
Part of Lewis’s ritual involved going to Melbourne Park long before the match would start. As per usual, Jim and Mike went with him, leaving Lee and Fiona behind. It would be another hour before they made their move to join coach and trainer in the supporters’ box at courtside. This had been explained in advance, so Lee was prepared, and to be honest he welcomed the situation. He sat down in the living area with Mrs. Murdoch and awaited the inevitable questions whilst harbouring a few of his own. 
They came slowly, with charm and innocence over a cup of tea – a beverage that Lee was actually quite fond of – taken at the table with a plate of biscuits on offer that Mr. Porter politely declined at first. 
“Oh on you go – just the one,” Fiona insisted, nudging the plate in his direction having taken a biscuit herself. “It’s shortbread! I’ve been hoarding it specifically for today... Not that anybody’s bothered.”
“Bothered? Bothered with what?” asked Lee, eyeing the biscuits suspiciously – the perfect body required the perfect diet and biscuits rarely featured.
“With the date!” Fiona cried, pretending exasperation. “There’s more to today than a tennis match, you know... The twenty-fifth of January! Doesn’t that mean anything to you?”
“It’s Australia Day tomorrow,” Lee optimistically offered.
“Australia Day!” Fiona exclaimed. “And what would Scottish shortbread have to do with that?” 
Lee splayed his hands in apology of his ignorance. 
“Robert Burns!” it was explained to him. “I’m Ayrshire born, as is Lewis, and Rabbie’s our local hero. I used to love reading his poems when I was a girl – ‘To a Mouse’ that was my favourite... ‘Wee, sleekit, cow’rin, tim’rous beastie. O, what a panic in thy breastie!’...” Having delivered her lines in a broad Ayrshire brogue, Fiona smiled at Lee’s incomprehension and reverted back to her more Anglicised accent. “...I won a prize at school for reciting that. Used to know the whole thing off by heart, although I doubt if I could manage it now. Anyway, tonight is Burns Night, and all over the world there’ll be celebrations to commemorate the birth of Scotland’s national poet - traditional Burns supper with haggis, neaps and tatties, and a fair amount of whisky as well. Not that we make much of a fuss in this household nowadays... The shortbread’s my token gesture - so don’t offend – eat a piece!”
Lee knew better than to refuse a second time. He took a biscuit and tried. It was sweet – very sweet – crumbly and rich, laden with butter – totally unhealthy but rather delicious. They ate in silence for a moment, Fiona trying to remember the ending to her favourite Burns poem, Lee wondering about the lack of fuss the household made over such things when clearly it was important to the matriarch. There was something there which linked to what Lewis had said. “I haven’t been to Scotland in a while, and it would take a hell of a good reason to entice me back there...” He was tempted to enquire about the lack of fuss over Scottish heritage and the rarity of visits north of the border, but Fiona got in there first having abandoned her memory attempt for the time being.
“Lewis said you met at a party in Sydney.”
“That’s right,” answered Lee cagily. “It was a shame that he had to leave so soon after it.” 
Fiona nodded her head in response, declining to offer a view on the matter. She recalled the hasty arrangements she had made for that departure, and wondered what part Lee Porter had played in the decision Lewis had taken to scarper the moment he had met him. She was sure that he was in some way involved – just as she was sure he was fishing for information which she didn’t feel inclined as yet to give. “Will you be there long, in Sydney?” she asked.
“I’m not sure, another month perhaps. It depends on how things work out.”
“You’ll go back to England I suppose. That’s where you live, isn’t it?”
“Yes. London,” Lee elaborated, judging quickly that openness was the best policy here. “That’s where I spend most of my time. I’ve got a place in Brighton as well. I prefer it there, but the work is mainly in London, so I don’t get to spend as much time as I’d like on the coast.” 
“I know Brighton - it’s a lovely town.”
“It’s a city now,” corrected Lee.
“Oh!” said Fiona, looking distinctly unimpressed by this elevated state. “Well, I’m sure it’s still the same for it. I like the Laines, with all those wee shops to poke around in... So if that’s where you’re based, perhaps we’ll get to see you again later in the year - maybe in the spring when the tour moves to Europe for the clay court season.”
Lee inwardly smiled – the woman was fishing as well, which was only to be expected. But it wasn’t out of nosiness. There was genuine concern, which warmed him to her. Fiona Murdoch was a woman that was easy to like... and difficult to blatantly lie to. “You never know. I’m sure I could find the time, but I’d imagine that Lewis would be too busy with his schedule to spare much for me.”
Fiona gave him a wry smile, enjoying the verbal dance they were performing. “It would be nice if he was, but he’s not so strong on clay, so he tends to get more free time then. Time to see people... You’ll be around for Wimbledon, though, perhaps you could come and watch him there, if not before?”
“I’d love to, but that’s a long way off... To be honest - I doubt if Lewis will even remember me by then.”
“Well, I wouldn’t know about that,” replied Fiona, sure that Lee Porter wasn’t the type of man to be easily forgotten. And knowing that Lewis had taken a big step by inviting him here, she felt that he merited a little encouragement if it was to be more than a casual fling they had. “But I do know that he’ll need a friend there... when he walks onto the Centre Court again, and you’re the only one that he’s got at the moment outside of tennis.”
That perked Lee’s ears up! Here was an opening that was consciously given. He took a sip of tea then boldly seized his chance to solve a mystery that had been bugging him. “It seems to have plagued him - what happened there last year. I don’t really understand why it was such a big deal for him. Perhaps if I did then I might be able to help. But it’s not something I would feel comfortable raking up and asking Lewis about.”
It was good justification, and whilst she had serious reservations about the integrity of this man – he had help Lewis already - and Fiona deemed it worth the risk confiding in him further. “Nobody talks about it, but I can tell you what I think.”
“I would say that if there is one person who knows, it would be you.”
Fiona smiled at him, accepting the compliment and the demonstration of his perceptiveness. She took it on board as she finished her piece of shortbread then continued, “When he won the year before, it all got overshadowed. You know what happened. The whole world knows what happened. Maybe it was a mistake, but whatever, Lewis felt it was right at the time. But as a consequence, he lost his moment with all the fuss that got made. Can you imagine that? Winning Wimbledon! It’s every player’s dream, and he lost the reality of it. It just got too much and instead of celebrating, Lewis withdrew into himself again...”
Fiona paused for a moment to take a sip from her cup. Lee wanted to jump in and ask what she had meant by that, but he thought that he knew, so he bit his tongue and waited, fascinated by the insight that was being shared, surprised at the trust that was being shown.  
“...As time went on,” Fiona continued, “and it got closer to going back, he started to get excited about it. I think that he thought he could regain his moment on the first day. It’s tradition you see, for the defending men’s champion to open up the tournament on the Centre Court - a big honour. He would be back where it happened, still the champion. Take the plaudits, have a moment to savour. But it turned sour. It wasn’t the loss - Lewis can take his losses. It was the rejection. He’s never been very good at handling that.”
“So do you think it could happen again?” quizzed Lee. “I hope not. I get the impression he wants to rectify things and win his title back - more than he wants to win here. Surely he won’t lose to the crowd again.”
“I think it will be a difficult day for him, but hopefully he’ll get through it. The same idiots could turn up, but it won’t matter to him so much this time. He has a different mindset. He knows they’re not important, the ones that shout out. You’ve helped him to see that. You might not have meant to, but you have. And maybe you could help him further... Just be careful please. Don’t make him feel rejected again by someone who is important to him. There’s been enough of that lately.”
“What do you mean?” asked Lee, gazing intently – all his other questions pushed aside for the moment.
Fiona flicked her hand, brushing it off. “Nothing really.”
“Scott Taylor?”
“It’s not my place to say.”
“And it’s not for me to ask of Lewis either,” pressed Lee in a state of agitation. “He’s backed out, hasn’t he? Please, tell me. I want to help, and if it’s because of me, then I’d sooner not go tonight.” It was a surprising statement as it would be difficult to retract. But the realisation that he actually meant it was the real surprise to Lee Porter.
Fiona considered him for a moment before responding. She was unsure of his motives, but heard the sincerity, which was enough for her to continue. “I believe you as well, but Scott knew about you already, so I can’t see how that’s the issue. It was the article today - silly of him if you ask me.”
“Will it make that much difference if he’s not around?”
Fiona slowly shook her head. “Hopefully not tonight -we’re lucky it’s Edwin that Lewis is up against. He’s a very predictable player, so Lewis won’t have to think too much for that match. But in the next round...”
“Gonzales.”
“Aye, he’ll have to think then, and he’ll have two days of thinking before they meet. Two days to reflect on the rejection, and to lose his belief. Not in his ability - he’s got more of that than anyone else out there, with maybe the one exception, and it’s not Alberto Gonzales. It’s his belief in his right to be there. Rejection! He can get over the rejection of the crowd - you’ve shown him the way there. But Scott Taylor! That’s a different matter.”
“Does he mean that much to him?” Lee asked, trying to force down the emotion - the one he couldn’t put a name to. 
Fiona heard it in his voice anyway – jealousy, and a degree of concern that couldn’t be faked. Her protective nature and intuition would have heard the falsehood had it lay there - so she decided to try and help him, despite the wariness she felt. “Let’s not confuse what we’re talking about here. Scott Taylor was the player that Lewis admired the most, he still is. It was a huge thing for him when Scott agreed to help. He had so much to offer, and Lewis listened to him. I don’t think he was really listening to Jim any more. Scott was able to help a lot, mainly because of who he was: the most important person in tennis, as far as Lewis was concerned - and the person who could hurt him the most with his rejection.”
“When is he needed?”
“Now!” snapped Fiona, betraying a little anger. “But as I say - perhaps not that much tonight. Tomorrow, at the practice, that’s when Lewis will really miss him... It would be nice if you were to be there in his place.”
“Is that all I’d be… A poor substitute for Scott Taylor?” said Lee, betraying more of his unnamed emotion than he cared to.
Fiona heard it again, loud and clear this time, and it earned Lee Porter some more of her wisdom. “At tomorrow’s practice – yes, that’s all you’d be. But thereafter - who knows. That would be for you to work on. But I’ll tell you this. No one, as far as tennis is concerned, could compete with Scott Taylor. But tennis is not the most important thing for Lewis - it never was. There’s a void that was left in his life years ago. Filling that void would mean more to him than any trophy - including the one that’s already got his name on it... Now, if you’ll excuse me - I need to go and do something with this old face if I’m to appear on television tonight.”
“You look fine,” said Lee, as Fiona stood up. “But a bit of lippy never does any harm.”
“Not much good either, but an effort should be made nonetheless.”
As she headed off to her room, Lee asked one more question: “Fiona? The Langham - that’s where most of the players and… other people are staying, is that right?”
“Aye, most of them are there… including Scott Taylor.”
“Thanks! I’ll just nip into the bathroom and freshen up myself, if that’s okay.”
Fiona gave him a smile. “Of course - you’ll want to look your best as well. Though I don’t think you have anything to worry about. You look very nice... especially with some clothes on. Now don’t be too long. The car will be here for us soon.”
Chapter 40
Burns Night in Melbourne, but did anyone give a damn? Perhaps there were a few Caledonian Societies making an effort, but in the Rod Laver Arena with the Australia Day fireworks only a few hours away, the Birthday Boy Bard was far from people’s minds. Shame really, because his insights on life are still as relevant today as they were when Robbie wrote them. There was Fiona Murdoch’s favourite poem for example: An Ode To a Mouse penned in 1785 that applied to every human thereafter:
‘The best-laid schemes o’ mice an’ men
Gang aft agley,
An’ lea’e us nought but grief an’ pain,
For promis’d joy’
There were several men in the arena that night who seriously hoped their plans wouldn’t go astray - Scott Taylor being one of them. He kicked off his scheming in the ABC commentary box, where as part of the pre-match ramble, he fielded pre-arranged questions concerning his involvement with Lewis Macleod – setting the record straight, and hopefully himself as well. It was neat and clinical, like his play of old - and having put the matter to rest, the conversation turned to the encounter which was due to start soon. 
With Macleod’s supporters’ box of perennial interest, the arrival of Fiona Murdoch escorted by a rather hunky man in a snazzy suit was naturally caught by a sharp-eyed cameraman. And when Scott was asked if he knew whom it might be, he followed the plan that had been agreed in advance, before he’d created the current distance. “His name is Lee Porter - a friend from England.” That was all Scott had to say on the subject. He knew that by the end of the match, the media would have established all they needed to know about Lee Porter for the morning headlines.
Scott continued previewing the match, following his plan: keep his opinions balanced, talking just about tennis, avoiding the other factors that might influence the outcome - one of which he held himself responsible for.
Another Scot had a plan, which Mr. Taylor had helped to formulate. When the players emerged to the roars from the crowd, Lewis executed as agreed: one look to his supporters’ box, give them a smile and then they were gone; take in the crowd and the glorious arena that housed them, accept where he was, and the loyalties dictated by it, then that also was gone. But it was not part of the plan that there was a final look around, until he identified the area where the media was boxed. It was not part of the plan that he lingered his look in that direction before turning away from something else that was gone.
Oh yes – the best laid schemes of mice and men often go astray, and leave us nothing but grief and pain for promised joy!
Steeling himself, postponing the grief, Lewis followed the plan and started with focus. But Edwin Roberts, inspired by the home crowd, started with uncharacteristic fire and broke him in the crucial seventh game, then held on to take the opening set. But it was the Aussie’s plan that ultimately went walkabout. As the match progressed, the Australian fire eventually diminished, and Lewis took control of the match. The second set was close, but few thereafter doubted the outcome. The home crowd had little to cheer in the third and forth sets, but plenty to applaud in the play that was exhibited. Lewis reached the quarter-finals with effort to spare at the end, and the grudging admiration of the host nation.
Lewis’s celebration on victory was muted, as per the plan. And he was full of praise for his opponent during the courtside interview that took place shortly afterwards. He remembered the advice: the crowd could still help him - there was no point in aggravating them unnecessarily. It was all part of the plan. Only one topic had not been planned for...
“Do you think this win can be attributed to the help that you’ve been getting from Scott Taylor?” asked the interviewer.
Lewis tried to stay calm, to maintain the control that he had held all evening. It wasn’t easy, but he found his voice. “Of course,” he replied, “Scott’s been a great help, and I really appreciate all that he’s done. Though please – don’t blame him for what happened here tonight. It’s a team effort. But if you want to blame someone for putting a dampener on tomorrow’s celebrations, then it should be that man over there,” he added, pointing towards his supporters’ box. “Jim Murdoch - blame him for this win. He deserves it.”
The television cameras switched to the area where Lewis had pointed to, and centred on the beaming face of Jim Murdoch where a happy tear was forming in the corner of his eye. But not everyone viewing at home noticed. It was another face, off centre of camera, that many people were looking at, remembering the times and places they had seen it before. There were plenty of people who recognised it, and many were all too happy to share their recollections with the press over the coming days. One in particular, a typical Australian, gave a Herald reporter exactly the twist he had been waiting for ever since he had looked at the delight that was www.leeporter.com.
***
Barry Simmons listened to this latest snippet concerning Lee Porter with increasing suspicion. As editor of the Daily Herald, his main responsibility was to shift copies, and this would certainly help him do that tomorrow. But he didn’t want to make a fool of himself, or have a lawsuit on his hands, so he was guarded about the story that seemed to be unfolding all too easily. A decision had to be made quickly though if they were going to run with this in the morning edition. They would go with a story – how could they not given what had been uncovered - but how far should they go?
“Okay, let’s just run through the facts again,” he said to the assembled team of reporters. “This Porter guy was seen going into Macleod’s house before the match. We have the pictures. No worries. He leaves two hours later, after Macleod, and goes to the match with the coach’s wife, all very cosy. When he arrives with her in the stadium, Scott Taylor tells us who he is, very convenient. We check him out, and bingo, there he is with his bare backside spread all over the internet, not exactly subtle. Not exactly the sort of guy you’d expect Macleod to be hanging out with, despite what we might print about him. I can’t see him being that stupid, but perhaps he is. Macleod then beats our man, fair and square. Does a nice PR job at the end, and then draws our attention to the box where Porter is sitting, not directly, but enough for him to be spotted by the viewers close up. Now we get this call, Porter has been playing away, in a Sydney toilet for God’s sake, on the day we slaughtered Macleod on the back pages and tried to incite a riot. It stinks! If we run with all of this on Australia Day of all days, it’s going to taste of sour grapes.”
“The Recorder will run with it, you can bet on it,” said the reporter who had taken the call.
“Not with the last part. He said he was giving us an exclusive, didn’t he?”
“Yep, that’s the deal.”
“It could be a set up,” continued Barry with his musing. “Macleod could be playing a clever game with us here, drawing attention away from someone else. It will work as well. But if we go with this last part - it might make him look silly, but it would get him a lot of sympathy, and I don’t want to give him that. I’ll call the guy and tell him we’ll publish, but not tomorrow. There’s more than enough to run with tomorrow. I want a day to think this through, and for you to get the story straight. What if it’s a hoax, anyway? We need to check it out and run it past the lawyers. Meet him tomorrow, and get down to that gym. Let’s see how Macleod responds to what’s printed first, and then I’ll decide. Keep it factual, just report on what was seen. The pictures will sell the story for us. If Macleod wants to look a fool, then let him, but I don’t think he’s bothered about what we print. I think there’s another story, one that will bother him, and I want it flushed out.”
“This could be it. If he’s seeing this Porter guy, then he’d be gutted to find out he’s screwing around.”
“Possibly! Who knows what fairies think? And don’t tell me if any of you know! Let’s get this story printed, then I want them all checked out: you do the fairy from the dunny, and the rest of you get down to Melbourne. I want the story, the real story. Find out who it is: Lee Porter… or Scott Taylor.”
***
In the Rod Laver Arena, the crowd were starting to leave, disappointed with the result, but happy that they would soon be witnessing the midnight fireworks display that would mark the beginning of Australia Day. With fifteen thousand to clear, it would take some time for the stadium to empty.
“What’s the plan now?” asked Lee.
“There’s no rush,” answered Jim. “We’ll stay here till it thins out, then go and meet Lewis in the player’s lounge. He’ll be a while yet - more interviews to do first. Then it’s back to the house.” 
The reality of the situation struck home to Jim as he said the last words. It was a relief to him when Lee replied.
“I think I’ll head back to the hotel now if that’s okay. It’s late, and I’m sure he needs his rest. Tell Lewis, I said well done.”
“I’m sure he’d sooner hear it from you,” said Fiona. “You’re welcome to come back.”
Lee held her look for a moment and was touched by the sincerity he saw on her face. “Thank you, but it’s not a good idea. The photographers will still be there -probably even more now. I think they’ve got enough for one day. Don’t you?”
“It’s what you and Lewis thinks that matters,” said Fiona, torn between the disappointment she knew Lewis would feel, and the necessity of the action she was sure Lee was going to take.
“I think it best I stay away. Try to make Lewis understand. It’s not rejection, far from it. I’ll see him tomorrow.”
“Aye, come round in the morning before we go to the practice courts,” suggested Jim, who was shrewd enough to be thinking ahead.
“I’ve got some business to attend to first, later on would be better,” replied Lee.
“Jim, I thought that Lee might like to go and watch the practice session. Do you have a pass for him, in case he can’t come round before you leave?” asked Fiona.
“I do! That would be good, if you can make it. I think Lewis would like to see you. We’ll be there at twelve - the officials can show you the way,” said Jim, conscious of the role that Lee could yet play, especially if Scott Taylor had truly withdrawn. He found a pass in his bag and gave it to Lee. In return a business card was offered.
“Call me if you think it’s a bad idea. You don’t know how things might look tomorrow,” said Lee.
He didn’t need to elaborate. They all knew what was to come. What they didn’t know was how people, including Lewis, would react. Lee got up to go, first shaking hands with both Jim and Mike. Fiona stood as well, and kissed him lightly on the cheek before giving him some parting words.
“You know, Lee, I’ve been waiting for the day that Lewis would bring round a young man to meet me. I’m not disappointed, just a little wary. But that’s the mother in me, even though I’m not. Good luck with your business tomorrow. And thank you... I will make him understand, when the time is right. That’s a promise.”
And as Lee walked away, bringing a close to Scotland’s day, the words finally came back to her – how the national poet Robbie Burns had ended ‘To a Mouse’: appropriately as ever...
‘Still thou are blest, compared wi’ me!
The present only toucheth thee:
But och! I backward cast my e’e,
On prospects drear!
An’ forward, tho’ I canna see,
I guess an’ fear!’

Chapter 41
The coverage in the press was pretty much as expected. Lewis Macleod was grabbing the headlines again, and as usual, it wasn’t his tennis that was the main story being published. His victory over Roberts was mentioned with some grudging admiration for the play that had ended the home country’s hopes on the eve of their big day. But it was the notorious Scotsman’s latest ‘friend’ that had managed to steal the limelight. 
All the tabloids had got wind of Lee’s website and had run with that for their morning edition. Most had really gone to town, questioning the moral fibre of the ‘new man’ in Lewis’s life, who openly operated on the periphery of the sex business, and whose physical assets were blatantly advertised along with a group of young men that he ‘managed’.  The terms ‘escort’ and ‘hustler’ were carefully avoided, but the suggestion that these men could be bought by the hour, including their boss, was dripping between the lines. And of course they questioned the sanity of Macleod whose career was surely about to implode despite his recent run of good form. To even associate himself with such degeneracy was folly beyond belief, and once again he was bringing disrepute upon his sport. Of all the Australian rags, only the Herald had been somewhat restrained in their vitriolic spewing, which was rather odd as they had historically been Lewis’s biggest detractor Down Under.
Whatever – Scott Taylor was relieved. He’d feared that his name would get dragged into the mud-throwing, but even the Herald seemed to have forgotten his involvement in the jamboree of outrage that the tabloids were revelling in. It was the Herald that he had scanned first over breakfast in his room - a serving of Eggs Benedict that he’d thoroughly enjoyed – and he’d returned to the Herald after checking the others, just to be sure that he hadn’t missed anything. But there was nothing. Satisfied, the newspaper was put aside and a celebratory second cup of coffee was about to be poured when Scott was disturbed by the internal telephone ringing. Rising from the table, Scott picked up the receiver then listened incredulously to the desk clerk as he told him who was at reception requesting a meeting with him in the lobby.
“Mr. Porter! Is anyone else with him?” he asked once the initial shock had passed – the relief of his morning now turned upside down and laughing like a manic jester in his face.
“I don’t believe so, sir. Shall I enquire?” was the response.
“No, it’s okay. Erm – hold on a second while I check my diary”
Scott put the receiver to his pounding heart as he considered the situation. It was difficult to think straight – Lee Porter was at the reception, asking to see him – what on earth could the man possibly want? Was he here to gloat? That was unlikely. What then? ...And so early in the morning – it wasn’t even nine! He should still be in bed having Lewis for breakfast – that’s certainly what Scott would have expected him to be doing... Could it possibly be that he didn’t spend the night with him? There was no specific mention of that in the tabloids, so it could be the case. Now that would put a different perspective on things. Questions, questions, raged in Scott’s mind, then one probable answer managed to break through: he’s here to ask for help. The bloody nerve!
Time was passing. A response was needed. Curiosity and a wounded affection were pulling at strings to encourage agreement. It would be an awkward encounter, especially if they were spotted together - but even more awkward if word got out that he’d received him in his room, so that option was out of the question. Declining the meeting was the smart thing to do, but the strings of curiosity, and much more so of affection, were powerful influences on a guilty conscience and a snarling libido that hadn’t forgotten.
“Yes, I can spare a few minutes. Tell Mr. Porter I’ll be with him presently.”
Hiding his relief, Lee ordered coffee for two then found a quiet area in the lobby where hopefully they could speak without attracting too much attention. As he waited, he tried to wipe clean the impression that he had formed of Scott Taylor over the past few days – Lee wanted to form his own opinion based on what was real rather than what was written or told. He also tried to wipe away the animosity he felt towards him. It had no real basis, none that he could name anyway, and it was certainly not something that should be on display now. Emotions had to be put aside and the brain thinking calm and collectively. He and Lewis needed this man’s help, and Lee appreciated that it would not be easily won. As he waited, Lee rehearsed his arguments and tried to forget about the conflicting motivation that had brought him here today. Lewis needed him if he was to beat Gonzales - that was all that mattered in the short term. And Lee needed to see Scott Taylor - he needed to assess the man on a different level. 
The American appeared ten minutes later, emerging from the elevator casually dressed in jeans and a loose-fitting tee-shirt. Lee watched him appraisingly as Scott scanned the lobby searching him out. Normally Lee would have stood up and identified himself, but as discretion was the order of the day, he tactfully waited until Scott looked in his direction before raising his hand slightly; then at last he rose to greet him as he approached.
“Mr. Taylor, thank you for agreeing to see me. I know it’s very presumptuous of me to call round unannounced. Shall we sit down?”
Scott complied, but made no immediate response. Seated, he coldly looked Lee Porter over, noting the clothing that was tactfully subdued but still suggested at the body beneath, and registering the face that was annoyingly handsome but showed no hint of post-coital smugness. 
“Can I pour you some coffee?” asked Lee, trying to relax the situation. 
“Not for me, thanks,” Scott curtly answered. “What can I do for you, Mr. Porter?”
Lee threw him an endearing smile. “We’re being very formal here. Please, call me Lee.”
He got a frown in response. “Okay, and it’s Scott...  How can I help you? I’ve only got a few minutes I’m afraid.”
Lee nodded and leaned forwards a little – aiming for intimacy without being too threatening. “Then I won’t beat about the bush. It’s not me that needs your help. It’s Lewis... He doesn’t know that I’m here by the way.”
Intrigued as he was, Scott raised his hand to stop things right there. “I’ve gone over this already with Jim Murdoch, if that is who has sent you.”  
“No one has sent me!” insisted Lee. “It’s my conscience that has brought me here. Please! Give me those few minutes and hear me out.”
Scott settled slightly, conscience getting the better of him. He had been listening to his own for a day now, so it would be good to hear from another one, and Lee Porter’s would undoubtedly be a gem. But there was no way he was going to be an easy confessor for the man – his own unnamed emotion allowing for none of that. “We both saw the match last night,” he replied. “It doesn’t strike me that Lewis has much to worry about... at least not with his tennis.”
Lee heard the blatant dig, but let it wash over him. Instead he tried to leverage off the words. “You would know better than me about his tennis. Know if he’s ready for Gonzales, which is the pertinent aspect at present. I hope he is, and he’d have you to thank for that, despite what he said last night attributing his success to Jim Murdoch. But ready or not, he’s still going to lose.”
Scott shifted awkwardly. “He knows the game plan. He can put it together. Jim is just as capable as I am of taking him through it again.”
“Perhaps, but he’ll still lose!” persisted Lee. “We both saw last week how fragile he can be. That had nothing to do with tennis, or a game plan. That was all in his head, and he’ll lose on Wednesday for the same reason, unless someone can sort his head out for him.”
“You were the one that did that last week, not me,” said Scott testily.
Lee accepted this with a nod. “I think we have both played our part in helping him over the past week. You’ve probably showed him the techniques to deal with it all, and most certainly given him a belief that wasn’t there before: a belief in his self-worth - his right to be out there. Me? I may have helped him to get things into perspective, more by accident than anything else. But that’s done now. He seems equipped to handle the crowd and any rejection they might offer. They’re just not important enough. But you! I don’t think you can have the vaguest idea how important you are to him...” Lee paused to let the comment sink in, taking a moment to sip his coffee before continuing. “I envy you... He needs you – and you specifically. Whereas me! Well, there are plenty of men who can give him what I’ve got to offer... But there’s no one who can give him the respect of his idol, apart from the one man who seems to have taken it away.”
Lee watched and waited. There was no outward response – Scott sat immobile, gazing intently, giving little away. He’d hoped that his little speech would have been enough to tip the balance, but this former champion was still a ruthless player and clearly wanted something more – like Lee opening up a vein and bleeding before him. Resigned to the necessity of a massive risk laced with a good dose of humility, he took another sip of coffee then swallowed his pride along with the beverage.
“Let’s not kid ourselves,” he continued. “You know I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t honestly believe how important you are - the one that can make the difference for him, just by being there. I could leave now, go back to Sydney, and I will do if you ask me to. I would imagine that Lewis is already pissed off with me, so it wouldn’t change the outcome tomorrow. Only you can do that by being there for him, supporting him... accepting him. I’ve done all I can, and I’ve got my reward - my five minutes of fame. I wish I could have more, but as I said – I have a conscience, and feel guilty that my presence might have pushed you away. And it’s you that he needs now. Please, don’t punish him because of me. I’ll go if that makes it easier, or I’ll stay and deflect the attention if that’s what you’d prefer. Whatever works best - whatever it takes for you to do the one thing that will make the difference - the one thing that will allow him to beat Gonzales. Openly accept him!”
Scott gazed at him, his heart racing even faster now having heard what Lee had to say. Curiosity had been satisfied and hope now surged – this did put a different perspective on things. It was still fraught with danger, but perhaps there was a reward that might make it all worthwhile. Porter was certainly making that easier by offering to fall on his sword and disappear from their lives. But that would hardly be gentlemanly, and might raise suspicion as to the ulterior motive if he insisted the man left town. “What time is the practice?” Scott asked, offering a life-line as he bought some more thinking time.
Lee tempered his excitement and went in for the close. “Twelve o’clock... And if you’re worried about his reaction, then don’t be. He’ll welcome you with open arms, believe me. And please, if you do decide to go, let’s keep this conversation to ourselves.”
Masking his own excitement, Scott appeared nonplussed. “I’ll think about it.”
“Don’t take too long,” insisted Lee; then prepared as always he added, “I’ll give you my card. If you could let me know what you decide, then either I’ll arrange to turn up myself and try to lift him somehow, or alternatively I can go and pack.”
Scott shook his head and declined the offered card, but the gentleman in him still came through. “No need for that. Why don’t we both go?”
Lee gave him a brief laugh as he returned the card to his pocket. “No. That’s not for Lewis. One or the other… and the best man is you.”
Chapter 42
Lee maintained his composure until Scott Taylor had left. Only when the American entered the elevator did his expression change and the animosity resurfaced. It had galled him to have said such things to Scott Taylor - tell him that he was the better man. A more successful one, yes! But better, no! That was not something that Lee believed. Better for Lewis, though, Lee was sure that was the case - and essential now if he were to get to the final. 
It was this conviction, above all else, that had caused Lee Porter to decline what he’d so passionately desired the previous night. The conversation with Fiona had made it crystal clear that he needed to back off so that Scott Taylor could come back into the picture. Once Lewis had got past Alberto Gonzales, then Lee would decide how to play it from there. But one thing was for certain - it would be his head that decided the course of action, just as his head had told him to stay away last night. 
Using his head further, Lee ran over the meeting – the conversation, the expressions, the looks Scott had given him. He added it all to the information he had gleamed and came up with an uncomfortable conclusion that was consistent with his intuition – he might have been married and genuinely liked women, but if that was the case then he swung both ways, at least in the mind if not physically indulging! The realisation that Scott Taylor was attracted to men didn’t please Lee Porter one little bit. It muddied the waters that were already opaque, and made his actions all the harder to bear.
But then again – on the flip side of the coin - it could help to quieten the discomfort he’d felt on the path he’d chosen to go down with HIM Clothing. There was still a prize to be won if Lee were to forget about emotion and play to his strengths – using cool calculation to take what he could, whilst at the same time relieving that niggling conscience by giving Lewis what he obviously needed as well.
Scott Taylor!
Was he really ‘The Best Man’ for Lewis Macleod beyond what he could offer as a coach or mentor? Was the American actually the true ‘Perfect Man’ who could give Lewis his perfect day? 
Plenty fitted. He had wealth and success, so there would be no imbalance there, and Lewis needed a man whom he could respect and look up to, not someone that might be seen as a parasite. They had so much in common with the sport that they shared - that tough master ‘The Tour’ would be a unifying force, and one that Lewis could fully embrace if he had a partner in his bed to satisfy him there. Scott Taylor was Lewis’s idol - a man whom had been worshipped, so he was a shoe-in for the part. And he was the right age to be a sort of father figure, but a lover as well – a lover who’d be loyal and not play away, which was what Lewis would need, and what Lee suspected he really wanted. 
It was sickening but true. If ever there was a man who could fill the void in Lewis’s life, then Scott Taylor had all the credentials. There was a problem of course – and it wasn’t ginger hair! It was the fact the Scott seemed entrenched in the closet, and if he swung both ways then there was no burning need to break out of it!
As Lee was pondering this whilst finishing his coffee, he was observed by two people. The Herald reporter was the less astute of the two, having missed the subtle changes in Lee’s expression, but they were not lost on Marie Clement.
She had been halted in her tracks as she returned from breakfast alone, Chantal having departed earlier for a training session. Marie was intrigued to spot the ‘two men’ in Lewis’s life sitting together, and wondered what was transpiring between them.
‘Pistols at dawn perhaps. How romantic,’ she’d mused. 
Curious, Marie had taken a chair at a discrete distance and pretended to busy herself with her notebook. But her attention had never wavered from the potential duellists. She’d waited with baited breath on a glove being produced and struck across a cheek. But honour was not to be violently satisfied - the matter appeared to get resolved amicably. It was only when Scott Taylor had left the arena that a thirst for blood was finally displayed. Marie had lapped it up, and she wanted more. So once the coast was clear, she brazenly walked over to where Lee Porter was seated and renewed their brief acquaintance. 
“Good morning! It’s Mr. Porter, isn’t it? I don’t know if you remember me, we met in Sydney a few weeks ago. I’m Marie Clement.”
Immediately on guard, Lee stood up and shook hands with her. “Of course I remember you. The party, you were with Chantal. How are you?”
“Well, thank you. Do you mind if I join you?”
“Please do! Would you like some coffee? It’s Americano, I’m afraid.”
Marie smiled knowingly. “Of course, it’s what most American’s prefer. Sorry - I couldn’t help but notice. I’m sure at least one reporter did as well.” And having laid a few cards on the table, she helped herself to a cup, despite her aversion to the insipid brew. She wanted to prolong this for as long as possible.
“Reporters - do you think so?” asked Lee. “I had hoped we wouldn’t be noticed.”
Marie gave him an endearing smile that was the mirror image of the one he’d used on Scott. “They find out everything!” she assured. “Trust me - I’ve had years of experience... Poor Lewis! Yesterday it was Scott. Today it is you... And tomorrow: a ménage à trois no doubt!”
Lee laughed at the idea. He liked her sense of humour. “Should I warn them?” he asked.
Marie dismissed the notion with a flick of her small hand. “No. You might be lucky.”
Lee grinned naughtily. “It wouldn’t bother me either way. Scott, however... well, he knew the risk in coming down to meet me in public. But I would prefer it if Lewis didn’t know that we had met.”
Marie nodded. “My lips are sealed. So, are you are arranging a surprise party, and Scott is the guest of honour? I do hope that Chantal and I are next on the list of invitees. That’s one little function I’d be loathed to miss,” she said, trying to tease some information out of him.
“I needed to ask him a favour,” replied Lee obligingly.
“That couldn’t have been easy. I hope he responded favourably.”
“He did, eventually.”
“Good!” declared Marie, then she looked at Lee intently. “So he will help Lewis again. I was very disappointed in him. Had it not been for Chantal insisting otherwise, I would have spoken to him myself. Thank you.” She paused and gave him the merest smile, before daring to enter dangerous ground with the gentlest of steps. “I’m surprised, though. I would have thought that you might prefer to keep them apart.” 
Lee didn’t blink. “It doesn’t matter to me. Lewis and I are just friends, and Scott is just a coach.”
“Just friends? Just a coach?”
Lee saw the ground himself now, and approached it just as cautiously as Marie. “Do you know otherwise?”
She gave him another smile. “He’s very fond of you, obviously. Why invite you here if not? I would say extremely fond of you… but wary.”
“He’s right to be wary,” said Lee. “But I know how I fit in. It’s his relationship with Scott that’s the mystery. What are you implying?”
“You haven’t guessed?”
They had danced around it long enough now, and Lee Porter was not someone to shy away from his cue. “Oh, I think I know about Scott. Call it a sixth sense, I can usually spot them. But how does Lewis feel? He has no idea, has he?”
Marie took that in her stride. “I would say not.”
“How did you know?” asked Lee, impressed by the Frenchwoman, “Chantal...  something from his past perhaps?”
“No. Chantal does not suspect. She is far too busy with her own dramas to concern herself with anyone else’s. My own sixth sense, I suppose, when we had dinner together. Such an awkward meal! I would have had much more fun if you had been there instead.” The compliment came with a sarcastic smile, but Marie was genuine in what she said.
Lee looked at his ally in the making: a formidable woman indeed, and one that he would not cross swords with lightly. Sure in his mind that he and his like were not what Lewis Macleod needed in his life - and sure that he could no longer play his game without concern for the impact on Lewis himself, Lee decided to go for broke and try to make everyone involved a winner. Let them all end up with a prize. 
“Does Lewis want him?” he asked. “And does Scott want Lewis?... I suspect he does.”
“Deep down, Lewis wants love,” replied Marie. “If Scott Taylor can give that to him... Well, it’s difficult to say - so much is speculation at present. It would be interesting to know how Lewis would react if he also was to develop a sixth sense... Very favourably, I suspect: he totally idolises the man and clearly wants to keep Scott in his life. As for Scott, yes I think he wants Lewis. Whether he wants him enough to actually declare himself to him is another matter, however. And as for making it public! Well, that might just be a bridge too far, although who can say what would happen in time... But what is it that you want? What is it that brings you here, eating humble pie for breakfast and asking favours of Scott Taylor?”
“There’s not much that gets past you, is there?” laughed Lee in response, before taking a moment to consider his answer. Strangely enough, something close to the truth was the chosen path. “I want Lewis to be happy. I want him to succeed and win the title. If a little notoriety rubs off in the process, then that’s a bonus. Scott could make him happy, if he had the balls to be honest about what he is.”
“You’re sure that’s all you want, notoriety?”
“I’m sure,” said Lee confidently.
Marie was far from convinced, but she accepted the statement. “Then something must be done - but only if we’re certain that Lewis wants Scott. That is for you to find out. Be careful, though - our games must not affect the other games that will take place on court.”
“Those are the top priority,” agreed Lee. “That’s why I’m here, choking on humble pie. Will you handle Scott?”
Marie sucked in a breath. “I will need to think through a strategy,” she said as it was let out, “Chantal perhaps... then maybe not.”
“How is she?” enquired Lee.
“A bag of nerves, alas. Quarter-final today: so many losses at this stage in the past. She fears history. History can bring about so many losses if you allow it to... Are you certain about this? As I said, Lewis is very fond of you.”
“I’m certain.”
Marie wasn’t, but the next moves were for Lee to make, not her. She had time to reassess the situation before taking any actions of her own - time to decide in what manner she would repay the debt that she and Chantal owed Lewis Macleod. “You’re different from what I expected - much more interesting.” she said on rising to leave. A card was taken from her pocket – Marie Clement, like Lee Porter, always came prepared. “Here is my private number. Call me once you know for sure that I should speak to Scott.”
Lee didn’t have the chance to reciprocate before Marie Clement had whisked herself away, turning as she left to nod politely in the direction of a flustered Herald reporter. 
Chapter 43
Lewis wasn’t exactly in the best of moods when he turned up at Melbourne Park for his practice session. He should have been elated having made the quarter-finals, but his spirits had been dampened by the men in his life. 
Dampened?
Drenched more like it, and unpleasantly so. Here he was on the verge of re-establishing himself in the upper echelons of his sport, and both the men who had helped him arrive at this position had contrived to scupper it all. Scott Taylor he understood. It hurt like hell and Lewis didn’t like it in the slightest – but he understood. Theirs were a purely professional arrangement that had worked brilliantly for a while until circumstances got the better of it. Lewis could rationalise Scott’s behaviour. Lee Porter however! Now that took some getting his head around.
Okay – so they were fair points that Fiona had made when she’d explained Lee’s reasons for not coming back to the house. Lewis was indeed tired after the match – but not that bloody tired! It was four quick sets, not a five hour marathon battle he’d fought – so there was plenty of energy left in the tank at the end, and if Lee was that worried then he could have done most of the work. This ‘too exhausted’ line was getting stretched beyond a joke... And yes there were more reporters and photographers waiting at the gate – but they’d already got a whole bucket load of dirt for their morning scandal. What did it matter if their assumptions were credited with some basis by Lee spending the night in the house? It had all been tacitly agreed: the flirting; the innuendo; and that kiss by the pool! What the hell was Lee up to by changing his mind? It just didn’t add up - unless the manipulative so-and-so had already got what he really wanted and was heading back to Sydney where he could continue to enjoy a riot of men and parties! Perhaps he’d even resumed here in Melbourne last night. It was Australia Day after all and party time in town – Lee could have joined in and found himself someone else who wasn’t so ‘exhausted’. A bit far-fetched given what had passed between them, but in his crushing disappointment Lewis had easily imagined such deception. One thing was for sure though, whatever Lee had got up to, there had been no call or text to explain his behaviour, and that had seriously hacked Lewis off. 
The inner circle had done their best to placate him, last night and again this morning. Don’t judge too hastily, was Fiona’s view on the matter. He’ll be there at the practice, Jim had assured him, taking Lee’s side for a change which was odd. Lewis was sceptical, but he kept himself in check: quietly seething, half-hoping they were right and he could still have his night; half-hoping they were wrong so he could draw a line under it all and somehow get on with his life. He certainly wasn’t focusing on the task ahead which was what he should have been doing. 
It was with this mishmash of emotion that Lewis approached the practice court with Jim and Mike, expecting to see Mario, and ready to give Lee Porter a good piece of his mind if he actually did miraculously appear. What he didn’t expect to see was Scott Taylor lurking outside their allocated court with a hangdog expression on his handsome freckly face!
“This had better be good!” muttered Jim, who was equally surprised, and hugely relieved that Porter wasn’t with him.
“Just you hold your tongue, Jim. If there’s anything to be said, then I’ll be saying it,” urged Lewis. 
Suddenly finding he had more spring to his step, Lewis moved forward. Jim made to follow, but Mike held him back.
“Hello, Scott. How are you today?” asked Lewis as he came alongside the American. 
Scott gave him a smile dripping with apology. “Okay, thanks. Can I have a word with you?” 
“Sure,” said Lewis. Then turning to his coach he added, “I’ll be there in a minute, Jim.”
It was a frosty look that Jim Murdoch threw Scott Taylor, as he and Mike went onto the court along with Mario to start the briefing for the practice. But he held his tongue as Lewis had bid. Despite his annoyance, Jim hoped that he was wasting his time as he went through his patter whilst keeping a close eye on the two men outside. Both he and Mike were disappointed that faces could not be seen, as Lewis and Scott had their backs to them, leaning against the fencing as they spoke to each other.
“I didn’t expect to see you today. I thought you’d be busy covering the ladies’ quarter-finals,” said Lewis, trying to cut through the tension that existed and give them both an alternative reason for Scott’s non-involvement.
“I don’t start till two, plenty of time… and I wanted to apologise for yesterday.”
“No need. I told you I would understand if you decided to back off. And I do - nobody needs that sort of crap getting written about them in the press.” 
Scott nodded. “True. It did affect me – I can’t deny it. I’m not used to that sort of intrusion. I shouldn’t have reacted that way, though. I’m sorry. I let you down.”
“I’ve had worse,” Lewis said with an ironic laugh. “You should hear my mother when she gets some hassle from the press.”
Scott flinched at the reference. He could hear his own mother ranting and raving – there was a potential torrent of anguish waiting there to flood out if he wasn’t careful - but he managed to rise above it. “I’m glad it didn’t affect you last night. You did really well. It was as good as anything I’ve seen here this year: as good as Jackson; better than Gonzales.”
“He let me play my game. That won’t happen tomorrow.”
There was a hint of self-pity in Lewis’s tone that Scott pounced upon. He spun round and looked at him, placing his hand on the youngster’s shoulder as if to give him a shake. “No, Gonzales won’t let you play your normal game - or he’ll try not to. But that’s what he’ll be expecting - your normal game. You know what to do. Mix it up more. Short balls, bring him in to the net, and make him volley. Not too much on the passing shots - he can’t put them away like you can. Even if he gets lucky and makes more than he misses, it will upset his rhythm. Make him play your game, instead of trying to take him on at his. You can do it.”
Well this was certainly turning out to be a much needed tonic. Just to see Scott had made Lewis feel so much better - to hear his Southern drawl soothed his troubled soul – that reassuring hand felt so strong on his shoulder, caring and protective, feeding him strength and self-belief. To have his idol’s praise lifted his spirits and made forgiveness easy to find. And the fact that Lee Porter was nowhere to be seen was a blessing, rather than a disappointment, given that Scott was here. “It would be nice to go over it again, though,” he said with a grin. “Mario’s useless at the net: he’s too easy to pass. I need somebody a bit sharper. I see you’re dressed for it.”
Indeed Scott was. He had come prepared in full tennis gear with rackets in his kit bag. “Then let’s give it a go,” he said, raising his hand to give Lewis’s hair a quick ruffle. “That backhand drop shot - you need to work on that a bit more: too much air on it.”
“Okay, boss, let’s get started. And thanks! You’re full of surprises. What made you change your mind?”
“A conscience.”
A conscience! Now there was a thing. As was that hair ruffle – what was that all about? It felt like there was real affection behind it - kind of parental, and ever so nice. It was suddenly a very happy young man that entered the court for his practice.
Jim sat on the sidelines with Mike and Mario, allowing Scott to take over the session. There was little that he had to say. He simply watched as Lewis fined tuned the shots - ones that were not alien to him, but rarely used in his repertoire. It was his nature to keep his opponents back, and try to get to the net himself, rather than bring someone in - but Jim saw the lad warm to the new challenge, which he did with determination and a smile on his face. The spark was back. The shots were coming along... as was the belief, which was perhaps the most important thing.
“He’s working too hard,” said Mike. “It could be a long match tomorrow, and he could run out of steam if it goes to five sets. You need to get him to ease up.”
“Aye, it’s a risk,” agreed Jim. “But if he can put this together then it won’t go to five sets. He’d probably lose anyway if it did. There’s no point in him trying to outlast Gonzales. This is the way.”
“Well, it’s your call.”
Jim smiled – a rare event indeed for the naturally dour Scotsman. “No, it’s not my call. I’m just agreeing with it.” 
And as Jim watched, he wondered what else might end up being agreed to now that Scott Taylor was back in their lives... and Lee Porter, thank God, was nowhere to be seen – a state that Jim hoped would continue in spite of all the help he had given! 
There was a sort of déjà vu about the walk to the locker room after the practice: Lewis and Scott at the front side by side, with Jim and Mike trailing behind them. Just like before when they had met for the first time there was a frizzle of excitement, in this case over the renewal of a bond. There was also plenty of unstated anticipation concerning the prospect the locker room usually afforded. And to complete the similarity, a spectre was haunting them... but now it had a name that both of them knew. 
Lee Porter was a subject Scott had always avoided, reluctant to hear confirmation of what he assumed. But the morning’s surprise encounter had given him cause to doubt, and the courage to enquire as they walked. “I saw your friend last night in the box, did he enjoy the match?” 
Lewis bristled, not overly comfortable with the topic, but it sounded like Scott was making an effort so he replied politely and short. “I think so... I haven’t seen him since.”
Scott’s heart practically leapt out of his chest. So they didn’t spend the night together! Emboldened, he pressed onwards. “Will he be coming along tomorrow? It would be good if he was there to support you.”
“You think?” asked Lewis, a little surprised.
A bolder man would have said: No! I was only joking! He’s a scoundrel! Send the cocky bastard packing! But he’d seen a nobler side to Lee Porter, and honour dictated Scott didn’t stick the knife in. And given the situation, there was undoubtedly a benefit in having him around, as Porter would definitely deflect attention, giving Scott some breathing space whilst he decided what, if anything, he should do about Lewis. “Yep, on balance I think it would be a good idea.”
Lewis wasn’t so sure, but he took it on board and mulled it over as they continued in silence for a moment... At the end of the day, what did he really know about Lee Porter and his actions? He had been a good friend - that was for sure – up until the disappointment of last night that was! But then his reasons for refusing what had been tacitly on offer were perfectly fine when all said and done, if a little out of character and crushing at the time. Lee was clouded in suspicion and definitely not to be trusted when it came to other men, but there could be no denying he was a likeable rogue – Lewis really enjoyed his company. He was fun, they got on well, and he talked about things other than tennis. It had got messy though – the prospect of sex had changed the dynamics and left Lewis feeling deflated when he should have been floating on cloud nine. Thank goodness that Scott had come to the rescue today when Lee had obviously been too busy. It was messy – but he still really liked him. And of course Lee could act as a lightning conductor, taking the pressure off Scott which had to be a good thing with regards to winning the tournament.
“All right – I’ll invite him... that’s assuming he’s still around...” Lewis was going to leave it at that, but there was a sense of duplicity creeping up on him again which he didn’t like at all, and somehow he felt that Scott deserved more. “...We’re not boyfriends you know! We’re just an unlikely couple of mates who somehow get along, and that’s how it should stay.”
“The press seem to think that there’s more involved than just friendship,” said Scott, barely able to contain his excitement at this turn of events.
Lewis snorted out a laugh. “Scott! Listen to yourself! You should know as well as me that the press get a lot of things wrong!” 
Scott said nothing in reply. And saying nothing, Lewis once suggested, was as good as a lie – but he was far too happy to register this fact. 

Chapter 44
The next twists to the day came simultaneously, courtesy of telecommunications... 
Having returned to the house, Lewis was in his room putting away his kit. He was still thinking about Scott and what a gentleman he was, and recalling some other aspects of the American idol which had been recently refreshed in the locker room. So it came as a jolt – a real bolt out of the blue – when his mobile rang and he saw the name on display.
“Lee! And where exactly are you calling from?” he testily enquired, annoyed with Porter and with himself as well – why in damnation was he suddenly feeling guilty again! 
“I’m at the hotel – in Melbourne... You didn’t think I’d left town, did you?”
“I’m not sure what to think, Lee,” was the sulky response.
“Look, let’s not do this over the phone. Can I come round?”
Poor Lewis was flummoxed. Despite his annoyance over recent behaviour and the lingering suspicion concerning what he’d been up to, the idea of seeing Lee again had a definite appeal – in fact, spending the rest of the day locked away with him in his room had a massive attraction. After another bout of voyeurism and a fortnight without sex, he was feeling so horny he was climbing the walls. So what better way for Lee to make amends for his sins by showing Lewis a few tricks from the extensive repertoire he must have developed? But then there was the guilt – that needed to be factored out. There was what he’d said to Scott – had he told his idol a lie? And if Lee had actually been with some other guy then what a pathetic doormat that would make Lewis if he welcomed him back and took him to bed. It was the prospect of sex that had screwed up his head – that couldn’t be allowed again at such a critical stage in a slam. There was so much involved when it should be simple. But regardless, he needed to see Lee and sort something out.
“All right - I’m not going anywhere.”
“Great – I’ll see you in an hour.”
An hour - an hour to think and use his head for a change! But whatever the decision, Lewis was resolved – he wouldn’t be messed around again by the far from perfect Lee Porter! 
Already mulling things over, Lewis went into the living area to tell Jim and Fiona about the imminent arrival. He found his coach taking a call of his own – one that he was dealing rather abusively with, much to his wife’s consternation.
“What was that all about then?” asked Lewis, once the call was terminated with threats of legal action.
“That was your management group,” growled Jim. “Apparently your clothing company has served notice: the sponsorship has been terminated with immediate effect. They don’t believe it’s in their interests to maintain the association - too much bad publicity of late. I tried to warn you.”
“Aye, I remember you saying something, Jim. What does this mean then?” asked Lewis, who could have seriously done without another drama kicking off in his life.
“It means they won’t be using you to advertise their gear!” snapped the coach, who was feeling much the same. 
Lewis shrugged this off. Managing the agents, and indirectly the sponsors, was Jim’s job, not his. “They didn’t do that much anyway... not since Wimbledon, and that was short lived. So, am I supposed to give the clothes back? You can tell them to sod off!”
“No, but they won’t be sending any more, or the monthly payment for wearing them. You were lined up for a big bonus as well if you won here. Your friend Lee Porter has cost you dearly!” fumed the coach.
Annoyed as he was with Lee, Lewis wasn’t going to rise to Jim’s aspersions. It was his own decision to invite the scoundrel and he would bear the consequences. The sponsorship deal mattered little anyway – it was just another rejection that was of small importance to him. “Is that why they’ve done it, to get out of a bonus payment?” he asked, shaking his head in despair at their corporate greed.
“Hardly!” replied Jim. “It will blow up in their faces if you do lift the trophy, but they probably think they’re covered. They’ve got most of the other players that are still in the draw, and all of the ones that are likely to win. Except you now, of course.”
“So what happens next?”
“Your management people will look for another deal. It shouldn’t be too hard. Get to the final and they’ll be queuing up. In the meantime, just wear the same stuff - they can’t stop you. Or use something else if you want to – you’re at liberty to wear what you like now.”
“I might just do that!” snapped Lewis. “Fuck them... Sorry, Fiona... Anyway, Lee’s coming round shortly - he likes the shops. Maybe we could go out and look for something new.”
“He’s what!” exclaimed Jim.
“He’s coming round,” repeated Lewis, enjoying the coach’s reaction. “He just called me. Still in Melbourne apparently – who would have guessed.”
Jim was none too pleased, but he held himself in check. “Well, I’m surprised he’s got the nerve after promising to come to the practice... but then again, I suppose I shouldn’t be. But if you’re determined to see him again, which you obviously are, then it would be best kept away from the public glare. I don’t want you going out anyway – you need to stay here and relax.”
“But I want new gear!” insisted Lewis – his pig-headed obstinacy coming back to the fore. “There’s no way I’m turning up tomorrow in my usual kit. Not now. I’d sooner play naked, if that’s what you’d prefer. Can you imagine the headlines if I won? A Naked Hero makes the semi-final!”
Jim glared at him, not at all amused. “Aye, I’m sure the press would love it – you debasing yourself to the level of your so-called friend by baring your arse for everyone to see.”
Lewis was about to snap back in Lee’s defence and kick off a right old barny, but thankfully Fiona got in there first and nipped it in the bud. “I’ll have a look in the shops for you, Lewis. Jim can take me out in the car. Mike can come along as well. Then you and Lee can have some time to yourselves. Isn’t that right, Jim?”
“Oh aye, we’ll do that,” replied Jim grudgingly, realising he had snookered himself on this one. It was turning into a funny old day, and it had still a long way to run.
Lee arrived to a barrage of photographs and questions – the paparazzi delighted to see him again. He gamely ignored them and made for the door which Lewis answered a few moments later. Inside he let out a long held breath.
“Don’t tell me you were expecting anything else?” asked Lewis, with a grin on his face that screamed of forgiveness. 
Lee looked at him and felt his knees buckle. Intuition told him they were alone at last, something that Lewis had perhaps contrived. Cold calculation told him to behave, but the snake in his pants hissed a different story, not having seen any action for a while. Electricity frazzled, pheromones raged, testosterone tore at a healthy libido in a moment of pure lust.
The energy was felt just as strongly by Lewis. And in another dimension they surrendered to the passion, lunging at each other, tearing at clothes, devouring flesh in a frenzy of consummation, hard fast and dirty on the floor by the door. But a moment’s hesitation was all it took for cold calculation to win the first round. Lee sheepishly grinned and said, “Sorry about last night.” And that was reminder enough to calm them both down.
“It’s all right,” replied Lewis. “It was probably for the best. Let’s grab a drink and go out for a chat.
Probably for the best! That had an ominous ring. Lee was suddenly on guard, torn between the objective he’d set and the animal hunger that still raged within him. But he accepted with good grace, battening down the hatches on the torrent of emotion, fully intent on executing his new plan.
Out by the pool they sat in the shade like the day before – a similar setting but a different agenda. The energy came with them and hovered like a tension as each man went through in his head the lines he had prepared.
“You’re not too angry with me I hope,” said Lee as an opener.
“I was bloody furious!” snapped Lewis before a smile cut his face. “But don’t worry – you’re forgiven... As I said – it was probably for the best.”
Lee didn’t like this at all, even though cold calculation tended to agree. But he stuck to his guns, determined to see this through - stuck out his chin and asked for the killer blow. “Sounds like you’ve got something to tell me, Lewis.”
Lewis took a deep breath. This wouldn’t be easy, but he’d made up his mind. He gave a wry smile as he looked Lee in the eyes, stunned that he was actually going to say this. “I think we need to talk about what’s going on here, Lee. We’ve been circling around it for a while now – a sort of will we, won’t we. You know I like you. I really like you, and that’s putting it mildly. And I keep wondering if something’s ever going to happen...” he paused to let out a half-hearted chuckle. “Fiona has certainly gone out of her way to make it possible – dragging everyone into town so we’d have the house to ourselves...”
“That was kind of her!” joked Lee, assuming this was the promised payback. He found himself hoping that it wouldn’t be in vain, even though that flew in the face of what his cool calculating brain was saying.
“It was indeed!” chuckled Lewis, this time with more ease, realising how ridiculous this was going to sound, but sure of the necessity. He gazed at Lee and smiled, seeing his magnificence, inhaling his musk, absorbing the infuriating temptation of the man - and again he fought to resist. “But sadly she’s wasted her efforts.”
“Really?” quizzed Lee genuinely disappointed. Cool calculation evaporating in the heat.
“Yeah, really,” confirmed Lewis. “I mean, don’t get me wrong, under different circumstance I would leap at the chance. Last night... Well, that’s by the by now. But as things stand, it just wouldn’t be right for me... I told you before that I want to give my career a shot, and if I allowed things to go any further between us it would mess with my head – and I can’t afford that right now. But at the same time, you’ve become a friend, someone I can talk to. I’ve never had that before - you know... a mate. I like having you around. It was really good yesterday. I don’t want to lose that.”
“Sex doesn’t necessarily change things,” Lee protested, losing his own clear purpose for a moment.
Lewis laughed at him, knowing fine well that Lee was half right. “No, I don’t suppose it does for you. But it would for me. Sex with strangers is fine – move on and forget, but I can’t do that with a friend. And I’d sooner you remember me as the guy you didn’t have sex with, because our friendship was more important. I want to keep that. If I were to let anything else happen then I just know I’d want more... much, much more... not just an encore the following morning. And that’s not going to happen – not with you. This way is better – for me anyway - assuming you still want to be friends...” 
Lee looked puzzled. He was trying to understand, but he was still a newcomer to the emotional aspect of relationships, so he needed a little clarification. 
Lewis laid it out as plainly as he could, continuing, “...I need simplicity, and that means clear boundaries, or else I end up in a head-fuck like I did last night. If I’m involved with someone beyond a one-night stand then I’d want commitment, and I’d want fidelity. Stupid, I know, but there you go – we’re all different. If we can keep it simple and just be friends then I know where I stand and there’re no expectations. Without sex messing things up, I can still see you and call you up for a chat... and not worry about who you’re with if you don’t answer. Not worry when I see your name in the papers, spotted out with some bloke. Because you’re my friend, and you can do what you like, be with who you want. And even if there is some sort of agenda on your part - I’ll still be there for you: help you whenever you need it just like you’ve helped me. That’s what friends do, isn’t it? Help each other.”
Well that made it clear! And it was the logical way forward: everything out in the open, even the agenda could now be raised. Cool calculation had won the day... and Lee Porter felt totally deflated. “Do you want me to head back to Sydney?” he asked, forgetting in his disappointment his objective for a moment. “It was just the one match I was coming for, and you didn’t need me anyway.”
“No! I’d like you to stay - that’s if you want to, and you can spare the time. Have you got work that you need to get back for?”
Lee shrugged. “Nothing the lads can’t handle... so of course I’ll stay. And I know what you mean... friends. That’s better... It would have been good, though,” said Lee with a cockish smile.
Lewis smiled back, a little abashed. “I bet! That’s the problem: too good,” he replied, surprising himself with the confidence to admit to such a thing - that he trusted the friendship element of this relationship to the degree of such honesty. It felt good, like their friendship had been sealed with the acknowledgement of mutual desire that was being sacrifice. It allowed him to carry on and open up even more. 
“I did need you, though. I still do. You can talk to me about something other than tennis. No one else seems to be able to do that. So, if you’re going to hang around, why don’t you take me to one of those galleries you mentioned you like to go to? Thursday would be good, whether I’m still in the tournament or not. We can do a bit of culture. What do you say?”
“Okay. It’s a date,” replied Lee, accepting his role: the role of friend, who could still call upon the favour if Lewis were to make the final, and if only for a day become his perfect man. As a friend, he could own up to what he had planned. He could ask for the prize instead of take it: his empty prize. And perhaps in return he could give Lewis what he deserved: a prize not empty, but one that might fill a void. It was time to find out if there was a genuine candidate. Lee steeled himself because it was his head that was back in control - anything else was an irrelevance. Lee knew what he had to do. 
“I know it’s not my job to talk about tennis,” he continued, “but how did the practice go? It was a shame that something came up and I couldn’t make it. Are you ready for Speedy Gonzales tomorrow?”
Annoyance flared and guilt took a stab – saying it was one thing, but it still wasn’t simple to see Lee only as a friend. The course had been set though – a policy made, so Lewis fought back emotion and calmly said, “We’ll see. It went fine, though. You could have met Scott - he surprised us all by making an appearance. I thought we were history after the press he got on Monday.”
Lee forced some sincerity as he pushed ever onwards. “I would like to have met him. He sounds like a nice guy.”
“He is!” harped Lewis. “A real gentleman.”
“Quite tasty as well,” said Lee with a mischievous glint to his eye. “I saw his picture in the paper. Good looking bloke, and a bit of a hunk. Pretty fit as well I should imagine. What do you make of him?”
Lewis looked at Lee quizzically, wondering what he was up to. But oddly enough he felt inclined to continue with the chat. It was the duplicity thing that had been bugging him for a while, and here was a chance to banish the nagging guilt by just being honest. “I doubt if you’d give him a job in your crew, but yeah, he is quite tasty... very fit...”
“And?” encouraged Lee, sensing there was more. “Come on! Be a lady and spit it all out!”
Lewis felt himself colour. He wasn’t used to such candour, never having had a friend he could talk dirty with. But it was such a weight off his shoulders to have stated what he did, so he offered up more. “And... Well, between you and me he’s got a fabulous dick!”  
Lee looked at him in amazement, totally knocked off his stride.
“The locker room: a boy can’t help but notice these things,” explained Lewis with a guffaw, delighted that he’d managed to shock the normally unflappable Lee Porter on his strongest topic.
Quickly recovered, Lee seized the opening and continued the friendly interrogation. He reached over and lightly finger-stabbed Lewis’s tattooed sleeve. “Tempted to make a grab for it, were you?” he prompted.
“No, just looking,” replied Lewis slightly abashed.
“Liar!” accused Lee, the tables now turned with him back in control. 
“Okay!” admitted Lewis, rather enjoying this now – dirty talk such a novel experience. And with Lee it was so relaxed, something to rejoice in, and not feel guilty about. “So I might have been tempted. It’s very impressive! But I respect him far too much for that sort of nonsense. And anyway – he’s straight. I’d probably end up minus a few teeth.”
Lee shook his head, maintaining the forced lightness with a grin on his mouth and a twinkle in his eyes. “Nobody’s totally straight, so you might be surprised. And speaking from experience, young lads like you can have a big allure to men on the wrong side of thirty!”
“Stop it!” laughed Lewis.
“No! I’m allowed to say these things... as your friend. So I reckon you should make a grab for him the next time you’re in the locker room – that has to be one hell of a fantasy!”
“You’re terrible, you are,” said Lewis still laughing. “He would run a mile.”
“It would be a shame if he did. He sounds like a dish: tasty looking; fabulous dick; and a great ass as well I bet... and don’t say you didn’t check that out as well!”
“It was pretty sensational!”
“Then I’m sold!” exclaimed Lee, really hamming it up. “If you’re too shy then I’ll make a play for him myself.”
“Don’t!” exclaimed Lewis, his face suddenly serious.
And that confirmed everything. The tattooed sleeve was grabbed at the forearm and given a reassuring squeeze. “Oh don’t worry – I was only joking... But tell me - what would you do, though, if he were to come on to you?”
Lewis shook his head, amazed at Lee’s candid approach, and sure that this would go no further, he answered, “I think the finer details should stay my business, but I wouldn’t say no.”  
Lee squeezed again, releasing tension as he swallowed his hurt. “Unlike today. Oh well, you can’t win them all. Still would have been great, though... but you’re right, this is better. Poor old Jim and Fiona, eh - having to walk the streets for no reason at all.”
Lewis put on a brave face as well as he moved the conversation onto a different subject. “Oh, Fiona’s happy enough. She’s dragging Jim around the shops. Trying to find me some new kit, supposedly - but I bet she comes back with a pair of shoes for herself.”
“What do you need new kit for? Don’t you get it for free?” asked Lee.
Lewis splayed his hands. “Well, I used to... until today! My endorsement got canned. Just fuck it! That’s what I’ve got to say to them. If they think I’m going to turn up wearing their kit tomorrow, they can think again.”
“So you can wear what you like now?” asked Lee, his brain clicking into another gear - reasoning once again cutting its way through the mist of emotion which just wouldn’t go away.
“Until my management agent gets me another deal. But that’s not going to happen overnight,” replied Lewis.
“Is this because of me? Not much of a friend if I’m losing you money - losing you deals.”
Lewis batted it off with a shake of his head. “You were the last straw. I was already on a yellow card after the Sydney debacle. It doesn’t matter - I’ll get another deal - with someone that wants to use me this time. The other lot has a monopoly on all the top players. They didn’t need me, just supplied the gear and kept me in reserve in case I did it again. I would have thought they would have waited till I got knocked out, though. Seeing you in the tabloids must have made quite an impact on them - or perhaps it was when they checked out the website afterwards and saw your bare ass plastered all over it. Some people have no taste. How was the press coverage, anyway? I didn’t dare look.” 
Lewis creased himself up laughing as he said this - the whole ridiculousness of his life at present coming into focus, and he felt happy that such complications were his, now that one key aspect was being kept simple. He felt happy because he could share the farce with his new found friend.  
“Pretty tasty!” replied Lee joining in on the hilarity, tears welling in his eyes from his own laughter, forgetting himself for a few moments as he remembered what pure joy was really about. “Obviously they have us as an item,” he stuttered through the guffaws, “and you’re totally losing your marbles.” Then the laughter stopped as reality hit: the reality that was Lee Porter’s life. “They clearly want to dig up as much dirt as possible, and throw it in your face. I’m sorry, but they’ll find plenty. You’re right not to get involved any further. Perhaps it would be better if I did go.”
“Don’t be silly. It doesn’t hurt me. But what about you?” Lewis asked.
Lee let out a snort. “Do you seriously think this is going to damage my reputation? Far from it, Lewis - I’m having my five minutes of fame. It’s all good for me... We both know that. Part of the agenda - why pretend otherwise?” 
Lee surprised himself and Lewis with the honesty of the statement. It felt good, so he threw in one more. “But I would still be here now, even without any exposure... Look, Lewis... there’s something I should tell you...”
“No, please, I don’t want to know,” replied Lewis, assuming the wrong confession. Fears of last night all but confirmed - a night that ran through to the morning, keeping Lee from the practice at Melbourne Park. “I’m glad you told me that, though… and it’s fine by me - the agenda.”
“I might need to ask a favour - not today, but soon.”
“I owe you one.”
“It’s a big favour.”
“It’s a big debt,” assured Lewis. “Now come on, if it’s about some publicity, then no bother. Have whatever’s going. If you’re happy with the coverage then the more the merrier - it helps me as well in a way.”
“How’s that? You’ve lost a deal over it.”
“That’s nothing. It takes the pressure off of Scott. If they’re busy writing about you, then he’s less likely to get dragged into things, and hopefully he’ll stay involved till the tournament ends, or till I get knocked out.”
“Yes...’ replied Lee, forcing a wry smile onto his face. ‘I suppose everybody’s happy.”
Chapter 45
With things now supposedly resolved between them, Lewis and Lee spent the next half hour chatting away, tennis and sex left well out of the conversation. Then it was decided that perhaps a swim was in order to cool down in the building heat. Lewis was already in a pair of Bermudas that would do just fine – Lee however was in need of a costume. He was shown to Lewis’s room where a whole selection was there for the choosing, the determined young Scot beating a retreat before Lee made his pick and stripped to change into them.
But temptation could never be totally avoided. When Lee appeared a few minutes later, Lewis appreciated just how much he was turning away by keeping the friendship platonic. The glamour shots on Lee’s website of him posing in swimwear were all very well, but they were nothing compared to the impact of seeing him like that in the flesh. He truly had the perfect body – if Michelangelo was still alive then he would surely chose Lee as his muse for David. And he carried it so naturally - not strutting around and posing for effect. 
Lewis wildly grinned when he saw him emerge through the patio doors and walk over to the outdoor shower, the lad thankful that he was already in the pool so that his reaction was fluidly disguised. Lee had selected a pair of light blue trunks which fitted him reasonably well – too well perhaps, and if anything, they were slightly on the small side, which was more than could be said for what they were struggling to contain. Lewis was sure the mischievous sod had a semi-erection – but then he was in no position to accuse! 
“You old tart, you!” shouted Lewis as Lee walked towards him. “Couldn’t you find anything a bit less revealing?”
“They’re your trunks, not mine, so don’t call me a tart,” replied Lee as he walked past where Lewis was treading water, keeping his reaction to this sight well out of view. Then once he had passed and had his back to Lewis, knowing full well the lad was still watching him, Lee pulled the trunks down to give a quick flash of his ass then pulled them up as he reached the shower.
“Now that is what you call tarty!” he laughed facing Lewis, turning on the water which cascaded over his body, wetting the Lycra that covered his modesty making the outline all the clearer to see.
Unable to resist, Lewis watched, keeping his own modesty well submerged. Temptation raged as blood did its trick, and Lee didn’t help as he rubbed himself down, mischievous hands nudging at the trunks to offer a glimpse of his neatly trimmed pubes. It was as if he was mocking in the friendliest way – sex needn’t change things, and look what you’re missing!
But in reality it would. Lewis knew that for sure, and he smiled at his friend as he caught his eye. “Come on! You can’t stand there all day playing with yourself - either go inside and toss one off, or get in the pool and behave yourself.” 
And with that he swam off and started doing a few lengths, dragging water from start to finish.
By the time Jim and Fiona returned, announcing themselves loudly, the lads were lounging on sun-beds by the pool, once again avoiding the subject that had supposedly been put to rest. 
After several minutes Fiona stuck her head round the patio door, and rather relieved to spot them with swimwear on, she called out, “Oh, there you both are. I hope you had a nice afternoon. I’ve had a great time spending your money, Lewis. Do you want to see what I got?”
“Yeah, I suppose I’d better have a look,” he answered without too much enthusiasm. Then turning to Lee he quietly added, “What about you? Are you coming in to give an opinion? If you are, then I suggest maybe a pair of shorts.”
“Sure!” answered Lee, mischievously grinning. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d enjoyed himself so much whilst actually keeping his trunks fully on. Life was good, and it was a bitch – cold calculation and animal hunger more at odds with each other than ever before. He followed Lewis into the lounge where Jim and Fiona were waiting, nodded politely to the coach then slipped into Lewis’s room, fully aware of how it must look, and ruing that for once the suspicion had no basis. 
Lewis in the meantime went to the clothing that had been laid out for inspection on the table in the living area. Fiona had taken her task seriously. There was plenty to choose from. Rather half-heartedly, Lewis went through the various garments, trying on for size the ones he liked best. The shoes he ignored - there was no way he would risk a change like that. Those would have to be custom made when a new deal was struck. Eventually he picked out some shorts and a selection of tops which he was happy with.
“These will do fine. Thanks, Fiona.”
“You should cover the logo, though,” said Lee as he emerged from Lewis’s bedroom, fully dressed once again. “No point in giving them free advertising - let them pay you to market their brand. It would weaken your position as well when you come to negotiate a new deal.”
“Aye, that’s true enough,” said Jim, appreciating his wisdom and the fact Lee was now clothed. “You need to start thinking about things like that, Lewis.”
Lewis looked at them both incredulously. “It seems a lot of fuss over a bit of kit. Surely it won’t make much odds having a wee logo on display.”
“It will,” replied Lee. “Cover the logo, then you’re making a point. The marketing men will notice, work out what’s happened, and then start bidding, probably very quickly. If you’re going to have a new sponsor, then they’ll want their logo on display in the final. They’ll want to capitalise on it. Win tomorrow, and then start a bidding war. You did say that none of the other manufacturers have a top player, so they’ll all want to sign you, as it sounds to me that they can’t afford to be choosy like your old sponsor. Who’s controlling this anyway?”
What Lee said was making sense. Lewis screwed up his face. “A bunch of amateurs by the sound of things!” he answered. “Why didn’t the management agency suggest this, Jim?”
“You’ve never given them any encouragement to be creative, Lewis. I could speak to them again if you want,” replied the coach.
Lewis considered this for a moment then shook his head. “No, leave it. I don’t want the distraction, and I don’t want you distracted either, Jim. There’s too much at stake to be fraffing around with a sponsorship deal at present.” 
“I’ll handle it for you, Lewis,” said Lee brightly. “I know how to broker a deal... We still need to involve the management agency, but I can do that instead of Jim. Let me do this as a friend. I lost you one deal - let me replace it with a better one.”
Lewis took a quick poll from the faces around him: Jim was scowling but not adamantly refusing, which was probably as good as could be expected; Fiona was thoughtfully nodding her head, and that was approval enough. “Okay! Why not? It sounds like you know what you’re doing. And I trust you a lot more than those wankers back in London.”
“Lewis!”
“Sorry, Fiona.”
“Right, let’s get started,” said Lee. “Have you got a sewing kit, Fiona, and a marker pen for the shoes?”
“I’ll go and get them.”
“And I’ll leave you to it. Sewing indeed!” laughed Lewis.
Lee smiled back at him feeling strangely at peace. He had come full circle, planning to help Lewis with no obvious reward in mind for himself. And it felt right. It felt good. It felt decent for a change. That’s what friends do after all, help each other. But the warm glow of altruism was soon tarnished with the realisation that there was plenty of scope to help Lewis further in marketing himself, and plenty of rewards to be reaped for doing so. A billion in sponsorship was the value once touted – a fraction in commission would set Lee up for life! If only circumstances were different. If only he could somehow carve out a role that would benefit them all – assuming Lewis was prepared to play ball, and Scott Taylor was no longer in the frame. Lee wondered if it might be best to wait a few days before speaking to Marie Clement. He needed to think it all through. This current task however was straight forward enough, and would give him the opportunity to prove his worth, in whatever capacity he chose to go forward with. He would give it his full attention for the time being.    
“Jim, I’ll need some contact numbers, and I might have to draft something for you to sign, giving me authority to deal with the agents. There would be nothing binding. And don’t worry - I’ll make sure I don’t interfere with the tennis.”
“I’ll be with you in a minute, I just need a word with Lewis first,” replied Jim, suspicious yet again of Lee’s motives, but seeing no alternative but to humour the situation.
“Sure. Shall I leave you for a bit?” asked Lee.
“No, it’s nothing like that,” replied Jim. Then turning to Lewis he continued, “I made a few calls when Fiona was busy buying up the sports shop. You’re back in the Hisense Arena tomorrow. First match - one o’clock.”
“Jolly good,” said Lewis.
“Scott will come along tomorrow morning and take you through your warm up - just a light session. I’ve got a court from ten till twelve, so we can pick and choose when to use it. He was very apologetic - I don’t think he’ll let you down again.”
“That’s good as well.”
“Did you see any of the tennis when we were out?” asked Jim, assuming this was very unlikely.
“No, we were out by the pool,” replied Lewis.
Jim accepted the story, as he didn’t want to know any different. “Scott told me that Chantal had lost. Sorry.”
Lewis slapped his brow. “Shit! I’d best ring and see how she is. Thanks for letting me know, Jim.”
Fiona returned with her sewing gear, then she and Lee started work on the clothes while Lewis made his call... It was Marie who answered, and the news wasn’t good. Chantal was trying to be philosophical about it, but the manner of the loss would not be easy to get over: nerves and self-doubt being the main factors that saw a winning position thrown away. It was agreed that Lewis would come round to the Langham, and bring his friend Lee along on the visit. Sod the reporters who’d be lurking in the lobby – let them make of it what they will.
Lee had eavesdropped on this whilst he and Fiona attended to the clothing, giving a nod when his name came up to confirm that he was happy to go along. Whilst Lewis hit the sports channels to try and find some highlights, Lee continued with his work, appreciating that some rapid decisions would need to be taken. As he sowed patches of material over brand names and logos, his brain went into top gear, fine tuning a plan which he had been mulling around ever since Lewis had mentioned the sponsorship termination – a plan that he shared twenty minutes later when he made a call in the privacy of the outdoors...
“Mr. Porter. I’m honoured, twice in one day. What further news from Melbourne?” asked Anthony Jenkins.
“There’s been a development, Anthony. What price would you put on Lewis appearing in your tennis kit on finals day?”
“None whatsoever!” answered the marketing man. “He would be in breach of contract. I could have nothing to do with it. It would compromise our campaign as well. Lawsuits would abound.”
“His contract has been severed. He’s free to wear whatever he wants.”
“How unfortunate for him!” joked Anthony. “Then I’ll gladly send Mr. Macleod some freebies if he’s struggling to clothe himself for the day.”
“Good, because that’s precisely what I want,” retorted Lee, ignoring the sarcasm. “Now let’s get real, Anthony. I’m offering you a heads up here. When this becomes public knowledge, your competitors are going to be falling over themselves to have him wearing their kit at the final. I can land him for you - your only cost will be a few small gifts. But you have to match the best offer to use him thereafter - to have Lewis launch your campaign.”
Anthony clacked down the line. “We’re too small,” he protested dismissing the idea. “I doubt if we could run to the sort of figure that others might offer.”
“Work on a percentage,” suggested Lee. “The more you use him, the more you’ll make, and the more Lewis gets. Have a vision, Anthony. Lewis Macleod is the most exciting thing in tennis. He’s different, and he’s a winner! Lewis won’t launch you into Europe and America - he’ll explode you into it if we do this right. A percentage! Make him a partner in your success, make him important to you.”
“This would change the whole nature of our launch. Your own importance would become seriously diminished, although the combined effect would be devastating.”
“I know that.”
“So what is it you want in return?”
Lee smiled to himself. Why was it that people always assumed he was after something? Probably because he always was! And he wasn’t entirely innocent here, but not in the way Anthony might suspect. “Strangely enough, nothing,” was the answer he gave.
Anthony chose not to debate. “It will certainly mean your friendship could be preserved.”
“Yes. That would certainly be a worthy reward.”
“Well, well – you have softened... Will he wear our clothing tomorrow?” asked Anthony at last betraying some excitement.
“No. Only in the final, if you do as I ask. I’ll be open to offers from your competitors as of tomorrow. They can set the benchmark that you have to meet to secure Lewis. He’ll go with you, but you have to be fair. I won’t let him be sold short, trust me on that. I’ll assess the value, and then we can work out a deal, based on a signing fee, monthly retainer and a percentage. It’s a win/win. I need a favour though, in return for him wearing your kit at the final. A mark of good faith on both sides. I want something special... Remember Agassi, when he appeared at Wimbledon in virginal white - that sort of impact. All the kids would want your gear.”
“What do you need?”
“As I said, something special, now listen.........”   
Chapter 46
Chantal was in the living area of her suite, being consoled by her coach and trainer when Lewis and Lee arrived.
“Hi, Chantal, how’s it going? Bit of a bummer, eh?” said Lewis as he kissed her and gave her a hug.
Chantal forced a wry grin. “I’ll survive, Lewis. Thanks for coming round.”
“No worries, sweetheart,” he replied. Then turning to the door where his new friend was lurking, Lewis added, “Oh this is Lee, you met him before - remember?”
“Yes, of course I do. How are you?”
“Fine thanks, sorry about the match. I bet you’re sick of hearing that,” said Lee stepping forward.
“I am, but thank you anyway. It’s only a match after all - there are more important things I could lose.”
Lewis patted her on the shoulder and beamed a smile that would lighten even the heaviest of hearts. “Well said! Where is the old trollop anyway?” he jovially asked.
“I’m through here, Lewis,” came a voice from the adjoining bedroom, “sticking pins into an effigy of you. Are you in pain yet?”
Lewis chortled, playing his part. “No. You need to use something sharper, try your claws.”
“They would certainly work better than your wit,” Marie countered. “…Come through and see me for a moment, please.”
Having been given a nod from Chantal, Lewis left her to her woes and went into the bedroom accompanied by Lee. He found Marie working on her laptop at the bureau.  
“Are you hiding? That’s not very nice,” whispered Lewis.
“Normality is best,” she replied with an exaggerated shrug of her shoulders. “I leave the dramas to the professionals. Chantal is in good hands.”
He kissed her then introduced Lee.
“It’s good to see you again,” said Marie acknowledging him with a curt nod. “How are you enjoying your stay in Melbourne?” 
“I’m having a great time,” replied Lee.
“He keeps himself busy by darning my clothes. He’ll make someone a wonderful wife,” said Lewis.
Marie looked at him puzzled then dismissed the frivolity with a shake of her head. “Why don’t you leave us for a moment, Lewis, then Lee and I can have a chat without your banal interruptions. Try them out on Chantal, perhaps you can perform a miracle and resurrect her spirits.”
“Okay, I’ll try.”
Marie waited until he was gone then made a suggestion as she stood up and moved away from the bureau. “Shall we go out onto the balcony, it’s a beautiful view?” 
“Sure,” replied Lee.
They went out and closed the door behind them. Silence accompanied them for a moment as they stood and looked out over the city before continuing where they left off that morning. 
“You and Lewis seem very relaxed in each other’s company,” said Marie to get things rolling.
Lee snorted out a strangled laugh. “I suppose that’s because we know where we stand now - he’s made it very clear. How long will you be staying?”
“Not sure... But Chantal won’t leave while Lewis is still in the tournament. He stayed here last year to watch her win, and then again at Wimbledon last summer when he was hurting a lot more than Chantal is now. She might want to retreat, but she won’t.”
“You can speak to Scott then... Lewis wants him all right,” Lee coldly stated.
“You’re certain?”
“He told me as much.”
Marie drew a deep breath as she considered this. “Another difficult conversation for you - it’s been quite a day. Did you mention anything about our suspicions?”
“Not directly,” answered Lee. “But I’ve planted a seed. It will probably grow to full realisation, but not in the timescale we have to play with... But perhaps that’s not needed. Maybe they’ll have the time to sort it out themselves. Who knows what’s going to happen after the tournament?”
“They will go their separate ways,” predicted Marie, “even though both of them are loathed to do so.”
Lee flinched at her words then quickly recovered, and proceeded nonchalantly with the conversation. “Then it needs to come from Scott, but not until Lewis reaches the final. Not until after the match.”
Marie was too astute not to have noticed Lee’s reaction to her words. She sensed the affection he obviously held, but refused for his own reasons to publicly acknowledge. Lee Porter was in his own way just as closeted as Scott Taylor. His mind, however, appeared set - and like Fiona, Marie was also wary of this man, so she decided to carry on with the current game plan rather than target a different conclusion. 
“You sound very confident that he’ll get to the final,” she said.
“Yes, I am. Are you confident that you can convince Scott to open up to Lewis?”
“No, but I can try,” said Marie, knowing this was the safer way to repay the debt that was owed to Lewis for all the support he had given during the last Wimbledon whilst demons tore him apart. If he genuinely wanted Scott Taylor, which had a ring of undeniable truth, then she would do her best to bring them together and at least give both a chance to work things out. Playing the same sort of game with Lee Porter as the outcome was a far more dangerous prospect, and one she would leave well alone.
“The best time will be after the match tomorrow,” Marie continued, almost to herself. “I will speak to Scott then - or possibly the following morning. Yes, that might be better. I don’t think he would react well to a direct approach however. It would probably scare him off, just like the article. I need to consider this carefully. You will call me of course, if anything transpires to change your view?”
“That’s not going to happen. We’re just friends, and that’s how it should be,” insisted Lee.
He was probably right, but Marie wasn’t totally convinced. “What a shame,” she diplomatically replied. Complex relationships indeed! Oh the ecstasy of it all. Who would have guessed she would be having so much fun at a tennis tournament of all things?
Chapter 47
Jim Murdoch was sitting at the table waiting on his breakfast arriving - a pile of newspapers lay unopened before him. His morning enjoyment in going through them had been diminished of late, given the off court coverage that Lewis had been getting. But today was different. Jim was looking forward to a leisurely hour of wallowing in their content. He decided to leave the Herald till last, despite his certainty that even they would struggle to spoil his morning. He started on a broadsheet for a serious review of the match which came under the headline:
Macleod Stuns Gonzales!
Jim could hardly read it. He just looked at it for a few minutes, allowing a grin to spread impossibly wide across his haggard face. He dabbed his eyes and cleared his vision then read on.
Lewis Macleod ended his run of three successive defeats at the hands of Alberto Gonzales in spectacular fashion - treating the crowd at Melbourne Parks’ Hisense Arena to an exhibition of controlled aggression on his way to a 6-4, 7-5, 6-2 victory.
The world No. 2 had no answer when confronted with a combination of spectacular all court tennis and tactical guile, which saw him repeatedly drawn into the net, only to be passed with blistering shots down the line.
The pattern was set in the opening game when Macleod abandoned his normal net rushing tactics to stay back and contain Gonzales, choosing his moments to drop the ball short then strike out with his passing shots. He broke immediately, and took the first set without ever looking under threat on his own serve, employing the serve and volley tactics which saw him take the Wimbledon title two years ago.  
Gonzales had a chance to level the match at 5-4 in the second set, when Macleod gifted the Spaniard his only break point of the match with two double faults. The door was quickly closed, however, by an ace, then two further service winners. Gonzales’s frustration at the missed opportunity was evident in the next game as Macleod tested him yet again at the net by drawing him in. Two successive missed volleys at thirty all gave Macleod the break, which was comfortably converted with a love service game.
Macleod’s stranglehold on the match became complete as he raced to a 4-0 lead in the third set, before holding on to reach his second Grand Slam semi-final, where he will play Serge Livyenko of Russia.
It has been a turbulent month for Lewis Macleod in Australia, following revelations about his private life in the tabloids, and a fine of $50,000 for bringing the sport into disrepute. Speculation still abounds concerning his relationship with Lee Porter, a model and promoter from England, who has attended the last two matches. But Macleod has demonstrated to his detractors that little of this is impacting on his tennis. His first round defeat in Sydney, and the crowd disturbance which almost saw him leave Melbourne at the same stage, seem far behind him now. Much of this turnaround has been attributed to the involvement of former champion and world No. 1, Scott Taylor who has been working with Macleod during the tournament. Taylor is in Melbourne commentating for ABC, but has made it known to them that he will not continue this role after the Open. This would leave him free to carry on alongside Jim Murdoch, Macleod’s coach since boyhood, or even replace him in the near future.    
That is speculation. But one change is certain to happen for Lewis Macleod. The variety of shot making which he displayed yesterday was complemented by the range of shirts he wore - all of different style, and probably of different manufacturers, but with brand names and logos covered over. Only his current sponsor out of the main brands was missing from the catwalk. Changing times indeed for Lewis Macleod: a new clothing sponsor in the waiting; possibly a new coach; a new confidence and hunger for the game; and perhaps, on Sunday evening, a new title.
The result means that the former Wimbledon champion is now assured of re-entering the top 10 when the rankings come out on Monday, and given the points which are available to him over the next six months, especially at Wimbledon where he was a first round loser last year, he could soon be challenging Alberto Gonzales for the No. 2 spot. Tommy Jackson should take note that Macleod may not be content to stop there!
“So, they’re already giving the job to Scott. Fair enough,” said Jim, as he cleared space for the bacon and eggs which Fiona placed in front of him, along with a side plate piled high with buttered toast. “I think it’s time I had a word with him to see exactly where we stand. Now would be as good a moment as any.”  
“Don’t you go saying anything to Lewis yet,” said Fiona, as she joined him at the table. “He’s got enough to think about just now.”
“Of course not,” muttered Jim, selecting his next newspaper to gloat over.
Fiona picked up the Herald, and started browsing through it as she drank her tea. Her smile lacked the dimension of her husband’s when she read through the match review, but it was no less heartfelt. It was soon replaced, however, by a tight lipped grimace as she spotted a story well away from the sports pages.
“Oh, no!” she cried.
“What is it?” asked Jim, mildly irritated at the dampener on his mood.
“It’s about Lee.”
“Aye, there’s always something about Lee. He gets almost as much coverage as Lewis, and all he does is sit there and watch. What is it this time?” Jim was more than mildly irritated now. The Herald had proved him wrong.
“Some man selling a story about him.”
“Well, they both knew that was coming. It’s hardly a surprise. I’m sure that’s one cupboard that’s rattling with skeletons. I wouldn’t like to be on the ghost train that went through there!”
“Well, I’m glad you can joke about it, but this is serious,” sniped Fiona whose turn it was now to clear her eyes. “It’s from when he was in Sydney, after he met Lewis... It’s not very nice. They’re saying he’s making a fool out of Lewis, cheating on him.” 
“We don’t know for sure if anything’s going on between them. He never stays over. Thank God!” said Jim.
“That’s not the point. You don’t have to be having sex with someone to have feelings for them. This will hurt Lewis, I know it will.”
“Then it’s best he hears it from us, before someone else gets the chance to rub his face in it. I’ll have a word when he gets back from his run with Mike.”  
“Let me do it,” suggested Fiona.
“You’re welcome!” exclaimed Jim, happy to pass the buck on that particular job. “I knew that man was a waste of space.”
“Did you now!” snapped Fiona. “Well I don’t quite see it like that myself.”
Jim grumbled - his mood now totally ruined. “The sooner he goes back to Sydney, the better. That’s my view on the matter, and I’m sticking to it. He’s brought nothing but trouble, and he’ll bring more. You mark my words!”
“You know fine well that’s not the case, Jim Murdoch. He’s helped Lewis a lot, or have you conveniently forgotten about the first round here? And he’ll bring in a new clothing deal hopefully.”
“That would happen anyway,” retorted Jim, ignoring the first remark. “The agents would have sorted it out without him getting involved. He’s just trying to worm his way in here. It would be better if you told Lewis to send the scoundrel packing. That’s what I would do.”
“Aye, and don’t I just know it! That’s why I’ll speak to him.”
Lewis knew something was wrong as soon as he reached the house, returning from his jog with Mike. The journalists at the gate seemed more animated than usual, and fired a lot of questions at him about Lee. He shrugged it off, but had an uneasy feeling that something nasty was about to spoil his celebratory mood.
The atmosphere inside confirmed it. The expression on Jim’s face would have curdled milk, and Fiona didn’t look too happy either. Nothing was said though until he’d showered and changed then emerged from his room to find Fiona waiting - Jim and Mike having retreated to the pool.
“I’m sorry, Lewis. I wish it wasn’t the case, but I thought you’d best know,” said Fiona once she’s outlined the sordid details that the Herald had reported.
Lewis wished it wasn’t the case either. He felt sickened. But he hardened himself as he knew he must – thankful he’d made his decision regarding Lee because this was exactly what he’d feared. “I’ve spoken to Lee about this,” he calmly said, pretending indifference. “Well, not this in particular! But he’s a free agent - he can do what he likes. I know he’s no angel - that’s why I won’t get involved with him. We’re friends, nothing more.”  
Fiona was surprised at his nonchalant response, but could tell that it bothered him more than he was prepared to admit.
“They’re just trying to use him to wind me up,” Lewis continued, fidgeting with the newspaper Fiona had handed him, forcing himself not to look at it, betraying his irritation despite the words that followed. “But they’re not going to succeed. I’m not interested. They’ll get bored with him soon enough. As will I, no doubt. When was all this supposed to have happened anyway?”
Fiona could barley bring herself to say the words that she knew she must. “Just before the tournament started,” she mumbled.
“Well, there you go. I had only met him the once then, and that was for no more than ten minutes. What was he supposed to do - become a monk just because he had the pleasure of my company for a bit of an evening?”
“Aye... he wasn’t to know you would become friends like you have done.”
“It wouldn’t have made any difference!” shouted Lewis who was getting very agitated now. “I would imagine you’ll be reading the next instalment tomorrow. All about his adventures here in Melbourne. I’m sure he celebrated Australia Day with a bang! Probably more than one to keep his batting average up! It’s just his nature: he’s a classic example of the modern gay man. Other men are nothing more than pieces of meat to be used to satisfy a hunger. And fresh meat is needed for every meal! Who wants to regurgitate and eat the same piece twice? Doesn’t taste as good the second time apparently - or so I’m told... I’ve never had the chance to find out, so I can’t say for sure...” 
He came to a halt, realising what he was saying and whom he was saying it to: a woman that cared for him beyond any other and had no right to receive his foul-mouthed wrath. 
“Sorry, Fiona - I shouldn’t have said all that. Look, I know what Lee’s like and I’m not going to fool myself otherwise. That’s why we’ll only ever be friends. He’s free to do what he likes... and sadly, the people he does it with are free to blab it to the world. He’ll be gone soon, and that’s probably for the best.”
“I think you’re being a bit hard on him...” Fiona wanted to say more, but knew this wasn’t the time. And perhaps Lewis was right - it might be best for Lee to go. She would choose her moment carefully to meet the promise that she’d made. More information, which she would gather intuitively, was needed before such a card could be played.
“Hard on him? Not at all,” replied Lewis, unaware of the secret Fiona possessed. “We’re off out this afternoon. He’s taking me to a gallery - some private viewing he’s arranged. I can’t wait to see what it is: a Tom of Finland retrospective probably.”
“I don’t know of him. Is he good?”
“Classic!”
Chapter 48
In his room at the Langham, Scott Taylor cast aside the copy of the Herald and let out an ironic laugh. Sex with a stranger in a public toilet! Porter was totally depraved. He was doing a good job though of deflecting attention - the tabloids focusing entirely on him when it came to intrigue and sexual scandal – Scott had been forgotten about in that regard. The only speculation that centred on him was of a professional nature... Was he being groomed as Jim Murdoch’s replacement?
It was an interesting question, and one that had been occupying much of the American’s thoughts of late. Murdoch had certainly dropped a few clues during the course of the tournament to suggest there might be an opening. But was it something that Scott actually wanted, and if so, on what basis?
He certainly enjoyed working with Lewis. Putting everything else aside, it would be a very tempting role – the lad had a huge amount of talent and could easily go all the way here in Melbourne then make a challenge for the top spot. There would be plenty of opportunity to relive the glory days, which was something Scott hankered after. But of course those other things could never be totally put aside, just brushed under the carpet where they would fester till they stunk to high heaven.
Scott knew he would never be able to remain close to Lewis and leave things as they currently stood. It was pleasurable at the moment – a heck of a kick in a multitude of ways – but there was no way it could continue indefinitely. Lee Porter might soon be out of the equation, if he wasn’t already following the Herald’s latest scoop, but given the nature of Lewis there would be others in his wake – a whole string of them perhaps, or even worse – a steady boyfriend. That would be too much to bear. 
It never occurred to Scott that there might be an alternative scenario, but that was about to change!
A gentle rap on the door announced her arrival. Marie Clement had called earlier and asked for a private meeting, which Scott assumed would be concerning Chantal, so naturally he had agreed. He would happily give advice regarding the defeated champion... sports psychology was a speciality and he could bore people for hours on the subject.
Marie didn’t allow hours – nor was she all that bored during the twenty minute discourse before she subtly changed the subject. It was after all an issue she had to deal with and was genuinely interested in what Scott had to say on the matter. It was an animated discussion they had, sitting opposite each other in easy chairs. Then deciding that enough had been said, she let out a sigh of despair.
“Ah, those inner doubts,” she bemoaned. “I fear they will never leave her. Lewis, however, appears to be brimming with confidence. You must be very pleased with him. An incredible result yesterday – and most people are attributing it to you.”
Scott raised his hand in polite humility. “It’s not me who’s down on the court. Lots of people could have got the same out of him,” he replied.
“Perhaps,” said Marie, as she embarked on steering the conversation without raising alarm. “The skill was there to be brought out, but I don’t think that many people could have given him the belief that was needed to demonstrate it. You’ve done a wonderful job with him. Unlike me, who has failed miserably with Chantal.”
Scott noted the attempted parallel but let it pass. “It’s not finished - two more matches still to go, hopefully.”
“Is that all?” Marie asked with an innocent smile. “The press seem to think you might carry on in some form.”
Scott dismissed this with a resolute shake of his head. “Idle speculation - nothing has been discussed.”
“But do you not think some approach may be made? It could be time for Jim Murdoch to step aside and make way for a younger man.”
Sensitive as he was around the subject, Scott was interested to hear what Marie had to say on the matter, so he allowed the conversation to develop further. “He has alluded to it. But do you think he might seriously want to retire? He’s not very old. Early fifties, I think.”
“Not old, but not so experienced either,” was Marie’s response. “I think that it’s obvious Lewis has benefited this fortnight from fresh input - it may be in his interests for that to continue. Jim has been more like a father to him than a coach. But Lewis is an adult now, even though he doesn’t always act like one. Perhaps it’s time to cut those strings. Would you consider it, if the position became available? You would be the logical choice.”
Scott shook his head again. “I don’t think it would be right for me.”
“Why?” asked Marie, feigning surprise. “Because people might talk: speculate as they did earlier this week. I thought you had put that silliness behind you.” 
Scott nodded slowly as if pondering the matter. “I think it could still be an issue. I’m not proud to say that, but it did affect me, and it would be unfair to enter into something if I wasn’t sure I could handle it. It could be damaging to us both - Lewis especially.”
“So you will leave after the tournament? Return to America and play golf?” asked Marie.
“Probably - I’m sorry to disappoint you.”
Marie paused for a moment before responding. Appearing to choose her words carefully, she eventually replied, “I’m not disappointed... Please don’t take that the wrong way. I think that in most respects you would be an ideal coach for Lewis, there’s no one he would respond better to, but...”
“But what?”
Marie brushed it away with a wave of her hand. “No, it doesn’t matter. If you have decided to leave then the issue will never arise.”
“What issue?” asked Scott. “Come on, Marie, tell me... There’s a part of me that would like to take the job on. It would be good to know for sure that refusing would be the right thing to do. Lee Porter is a thorn in the side at present, but I suspect he’ll disappear after the tournament, and press speculation would die down eventually. If there’s another reason for not getting involved, then I would like to know it.”
Marie gave him agitation – a woman in a quandary – a performance that would grace any Parisian stage. “It’s probably wrong of me to say anything,” she finally offered. “It’s only because I care for Lewis that I do so. I know I tease him, but I’m very fond of him. I don’t want to see him getting hurt... chasing a dream.”
“What do you mean by that - me backing off again?”asked Scott, looking equally agitated, although he was for real. “I would have to be sure of myself there. I couldn’t give any guarantees. Who could?”
A hand reached out and gently touched Scott’s arm – a little intimacy that sold the next confidence. “There could be a problem even if you didn’t walk away,” said Marie, almost in a whisper. “Come on, Scott, you know about Lewis. Have you not considered how he might feel if he were to spend a lot of time with you? It’s a common occurrence: player and coach. Only in this scenario, it would be one-sided.”
Scott froze momentarily, trying to control his reaction, before laughing out his reply. “I think that’s very unlikely!”
He covered it well, but Marie was too skilled an observer not to notice the interest she had excited, and took it as confirmation of her suspicions. She smiled sympathetically as if it was a lost cause. “Do you? That’s not how I see it... He already idolises you – and I mean that sincerely. And once Lee Porter is out of the picture, which may be very soon following the latest exposé on him today, then I think it would be very likely if you were still around.”
“Has Lewis said anything?” asked Scott overenthusiastically.
“Only with his eyes!” answered Marie with a shake of her head. “Poor Lewis! He would jump at the chance to have you coach him, or work part-time along with Jim, but he wouldn’t think through what might happen. ...Sorry, this hasn’t been easy for me, and I’m still not sure if I’ve done the right thing. I’ve been debating it ever since that meal. He seemed so desperate to find a reason to see you again after Melbourne.”
“Yes, it was a bit embarrassing. I hope I didn’t offend him by not saying anything.”
“No, he wouldn’t have been annoyed with you over that – Lewis would have been annoyed with himself for creating awkwardness. I fear he’s already smitten.”
Scott looked shocked. Marie gave a polite laugh and patted his arm. “Don’t be angry with him – he’s young, and can’t help his nature. And anyway - you should be flattered. He might be an idiot at times, but in many people’s eyes he’s quite a catch. Now please, say nothing of this. Lewis would be furious with me if he were to find out I had interfered in this way. I could be wrong, but I wouldn’t have said anything if I believed that was the case. So please... be very, very, careful.”
“I will. Thank you for telling me.”
Scott tried to put the conversation with Marie out of his mind before the practice session. He knew he had to help Jim ground Lewis after yesterday’s win. He was the favourite now to reach the final, but Serge Livyenko would not roll over and hand him his place on a plate. Lewis needed to refocus, forget about the win and move on. 
When he arrived at the court, it appeared to Scott that the job had already been done. There was no after match buzz about Lewis, instead he was almost sulking, but determined to get on with things and go over the strategy for tomorrow’s semi-final. Scott was too blinded by Marie’s predictions to appreciate the reason behind Lewis’s mood. 
The main consideration for the semi-final was that Livyenko was left-handed, which would give the rallies a different feel. His serve would also differ from the norm, being particularly tricky on the ‘advantage’ side, where Lewis would be force wide on to his backhand, his weaker side. But Lewis had played enough ‘Lefties’ in his time, and knew how to compensate. They planned to focus on Livyenko’s own backhand, which was susceptible when put under pressure. It would be an interesting encounter, both players trying to force the rallies in opposite directions. Cross court shots, which normally predominate, would heavily favour one player or the other, depending on which side they occurred on. Down the line shots would turn the advantage around, but would have to be executed from the weaker side. The session therefore centred on Lewis’s backhand down the line. He would be playing that shot a lot come tomorrow afternoon.  
Two factors, other than Lewis’s form, were in their favour. Lewis had not been stretched to five sets as yet, and had spent considerably less time on court than Livyenko, who had reached the semi-final after a gruelling five set match in the quarters. The Russian’s legs would be heavier in the afternoon heat, and at twenty-nine, he was giving away six years as well. A long match would work to Lewis’s advantage. Livyenko would prefer to keep the points short, which fitted exactly with Lewis’s natural game. He had a psychological advantage as well. Their head to head record stood at 3-2 in Lewis’s favour, but more importantly, Livyenko had never reached a Grand Slam final. He had choked before at the same stage. It was not something they could rely on, but belief could make all the difference if it came to the crunch. Lewis had belief, he had done it before.
Scott didn’t get directly involved. Jim had recruited another left-hander for the practice. They had a review once the play had finished, then Lewis left them, explaining that he had plans to distract him for the rest of the afternoon. That suited Scott fine – it was too soon to say anything to Lewis. He needed to think things through before taking any decisions. But an idea was forming and Jim Murdoch was the man he needed to speak to first.
Once Lewis had gone, they walked back to the complex centre where Scott would soon be commentating on the first of the women’s semi-finals. It was strange that both men had the same subject on their minds, but found it difficult to broach. Scott was the one who eventually raised the pertinent topic.
“I must say, it’s really rewarding having this sort of involvement. When you’re a player, you don’t get the same sort of rush. You have to keep calm until the end. As a coach, you can get more excited. It must have been a great thrill for you when he played the Wimbledon final.”
“Thrill!” cried Jim. “It felt like I was on one of those rollercoaster rides - only it lasted for three hours. My heart was pounding. Every point he won was better than Scotland scoring a goal in a World Cup final. There are plenty of down moments as well, but Lewis gives you a lot more ups.”
“Maybe you were right when you said it’s something I should consider doing. It would be a big commitment, though, taking someone on full time.”
“Well, perhaps you could do something part time, and see how it went. Of course Lewis would be over the moon if you were to consider working again with us,” prompted Jim, seizing his chance.
“And what about you?” asked Scott. “Wouldn’t that undermine your position?”
“I’ll be honest with you, Scott. I’ve decided it’s time for me to cut back on my involvement. Lewis has reached the stage where he needs a different man guiding him: someone who can help him to take the final step to reach the top... someone like you. I’ve spend too many years on the road now. Fiona and I would both like to spend more time at home. I haven’t said anything to Lewis, and won’t until the tournament is over, but I’m on the lookout for a replacement. You would be my first choice, and I would be amazed if Lewis didn’t agree.”
“I need to think it through, Jim, but thanks for sharing that with me. I would have a lot to live up to. Of course, we would still need to know what Lewis thinks about the idea... It’s for him to make the decision, not us.”
“I can sound him out,” said Jim, barely able to contain his excitement.
“Perhaps it might be better coming from me. I’ve let him down already this week. I would need to give him some assurance that it wouldn’t happen again. Let him know exactly what the problem was. I’ll think this through then have a chat with Lewis if it’s appropriate.”
“Now that I think about it, if you were of a mind to stay involved, for a trial period say - then letting him know before the final might just give him the extra lift he needs to spring another surprise.”
“Yes. Another surprise!” said Scott fighting back a guffaw of laughter. “This tournament’s been full of them. But there must be room for at least one more.”
Chapter 49
Lee had got to the house early, before Lewis returned from Melbourne Park. Fiona had contacted him and suggested they have a word before they went out on the planned trip. Lee could guess what it was going to be about...
Who says that there’s no such thing as bad publicity? Lee had subscribed to that view until recently, but now had cause to change his mind. He was furious over the article in the Herald. He had expected stuff to come out - there was plenty to be revealed, and he had prepared the way with Lewis. But this was different - this was post-Lewis. He couldn’t quite fathom what that meant. Why it should make such a difference, but it did. They weren’t an item, and Lewis had made it clear that nothing would ever happen, so why should there be an issue? But he felt bad about it - the way it was aimed to hurt Lewis, using Lee as an easy vehicle.
And it hurt Lee as well, which came as a surprise to him as he thought he was immune to tabloid smear campaigns such as this. It hurt because it proved Lewis’s point: he was no good for him, and he felt guilty about it. He had occasionally felt bad in the past about messing guys around, but never really guilty. So why should he now? There was nothing happening between them, and this incident of promiscuous behaviour was from a time when they had only just met. It shouldn’t be a big deal, but it was. It was irrational - but then so many things were irrational now for the Englishman with the perfect body.
The resolve that Lee possessed before he arrived in Melbourne had all but evaporated. He had come with a plan: to use the connection with Lewis to gain publicity and a lucrative modelling contract, which would undoubtedly have opened many more doors. Then Lewis gave him everything on a plate. The lad understood the initial driving force which had brought Lee to Melbourne, knew that there was an agenda - not the details, but the underlying motivation. He understood that and was happy to go along with it. Encouraged it, because that’s what friends do. Help each other. The resolve went at that moment. Lee couldn’t use him any more, not in a hurtful way. It was better to help, genuinely help, and allow the benefits to come as a natural consequence.
Lee knew that there was still plenty to be gained. The final was only one win away, and up until this morning, he’d been sure Lewis would agree to the favour, give him his title of ‘The Perfect Man’, if only as a marketing ploy - a fake for the day. And the sponsorship deal he was working on gave Lee the opportunity to demonstrate his ability to act on Lewis’s behalf. Lee had been stunned by some of the offers which had already come in, and could now fully appreciate the marketing potential that was there to be exploited. There was a role he could play in Lewis’s life, and a fortune to be made in the process - for both of them. The role of friend might not be such a bad thing after all - Lee could take and give in true symbiotic fashion - something to consider if Scott Taylor bottled out. 
But self-gain wasn’t the initial impetus behind Lee’s change of tact. He had cost Lewis a deal, and Lewis accepted it as the price of their friendship. Lee had undertaken the current work to make amends – to show that his friendship was worth it. He doubted if Lewis would see it that way now, and he doubted if Lewis would ask him to the final. How could he pretend, after this slap in the face, that Lee Porter was the perfect man?
“Did he read it, Fiona?” Lee asked as soon as he entered the house, leaving a blaze of photography behind as the door was closed.
Fiona led him to the table where a brew was waiting. She subscribed to the old Scottish saying that there was nothing that couldn’t be sorted out over a cup of tea, but feared she might be pushing it on this one. “No. He didn’t want to, but I had to tell him about it, you do understand that? Someone needed to, before he was cornered about it in public. He had to be prepared.”
Lee joined her at the table and accepted his cup that Fiona poured for him, a splash of milk first just the way he liked it. “Of course I understand. You did the right thing. I knew I would bring trouble, but I didn’t think it would get this bad. Do you think I should go now?”
“I would drink your tea first,” answered Fiona with a wry smile.
Lee smiled back, appreciating her attempt at levity. “Thanks... But seriously – what’s he saying?”
Fiona took a sip from her cup and pushed the plate of shortbread she’d laid out in Lee’s direction. He took a piece without a second’s hesitation – a man in desperate need of a sugar rush at present. “He says he’s not bothered... about the article that is,” Fiona replied. “You’re a free agent, so you can do what you like. A brave face if you ask me... but I don’t think he wants you to go.”
“People are laughing at him because they think there’s something going on between us, and I’m making a fool out of him.”
“He won’t be too worried about what other people think, not now. But it would bother him if they were right. Are they?”
There was no malice in her voice. She didn’t want to punish him, though a part of him wished that she would: make him pay for what he had done, even though it had been no crime. No hurt was intended, at least not by that disappointing encounter, but Lee knew that hurt was being felt, and he knew that a crime had existed in the game he had set out to play. It was for that that he wanted his punishment: to make amends; to make these feelings of guilt go away.
“I’m not denying what’s been written, Fiona,” he replied. “I regret it. Meaningless to me at the time, but when it affects someone else, someone you care about - then you wish you could undo it. But I can’t.”
She heard honesty and looked for more. “Are there any other incidents that are going to hit the papers: incidents from Melbourne, since you came here to see him?”
Still no malice, Lee thought, just the mother in her, wanting to protect her son, even though he’s not.
“No,” he replied. “I admit to this, and there was something else after this in Sydney, but not anything here. I don’t think I could at the moment. That’s a first.”
Was he being honest? Or was this all part of some game? Fiona was convinced of the first, and still suspicious of the second. But there was an admission of vulnerability that took them both by surprise - Lee perhaps more than her. She wondered how much further he would go.
“How long do you think that could be kept up then, if Lewis was in your life?”
“He won’t be, neither of us would allow it, for the same reason. We both know I would hurt him… again!”
“You’re avoiding the question,” said Fiona in conclusion. “Perhaps it’s something you should think about. Have another piece of shortbread, and I’ll make us a fresh pot of tea as you sort it out in your head.”
When Lewis arrived, he put the issue to bed immediately, going over to Lee and slapping him on the back. “I hear you’re in the papers again today. They seem to be getting a bit nasty towards you now, are you okay?”
“I’m fine, Lewis. It’s you I’m worried about,” said Lee.
“We went through all this, mate. It’s not a problem. Now, where is it you’re taking me to? Somewhere inspirational I hope. I’ll just get changed and be with you in ten minutes.”
Chapter 50
Lee had hired a car and driver for the afternoon to take them to the Art-talk Gallery, which lay on the eastern outskirts of Melbourne. Lewis tried to prise out of him what was so special about the place that they were going so far to see, but got little for his efforts. He had expected to go to the National Gallery of Victoria which was nearby. This was a surprise.
The car pulled up about thirty minutes later, and as they approached the gallery, a stylishly dressed Aboriginal woman in her early fifties greeted them at the door.
“Mr. Macleod, it’s a pleasure to welcome you,” she said warmly to Lewis. “My name is Alinka. Please, come in.” Then turning to Lee she added, “And you must be Mr. Porter. Thank you – we are very honoured.”
As she led them to the entrance, Alinka continued, “There are no other visitors arranged for this afternoon, so please take your time. I can escort you around the rooms and explain some of the works if you like or just leave you to explore on your own.”
Lewis could already see a few of the paintings in the reception area. They seemed like abstracts, but not like the ones he had seen when he had visited the Tate Modern the previous year having been dumped out of Wimbledon ignobly early. Given the nature of the woman and the work, he surmised they must be Aboriginal. “I’d love to hear about it. I doubt whether I’d make much sense of it on my own,” he said, happily accepting the guided tour offer.
Alinka started to explain the nature of the art as they entered the first room, moving purposely from one picture to another in order to illustrate her points.
“Aboriginal art offers an insight into the secret and sacred world of tribesmen and women, through captivating paintings and sculptures that conform to the criteria associated with all Fine Art. It is the oldest living art tradition in the world, with paintings in rock shelters dating back twenty thousand years. The art includes naturalistic paintings of human, plant and animal figures, as well as non-naturalistic or abstract designs, with concentric circles, ‘u’ shapes, and lines.
“Much of Aboriginal art relates to stories of the Dreamtime. This Dreamtime is the Creation Period in Aboriginal belief, when important Ancestral Beings formed the land, and created the people, plants and animals. These Ancestral Beings, often depicted in the art, may take human, animal, plant or combined forms, and taught the people their laws and ceremonies.
“The naturalistic style, predominant in Arnhem Land in northern Australia, is often characterised by ‘X-ray’ art, where the internal organs of animals are depicted.”
A painting showing two kangaroos stood before them as she explained this - one floating upside down above the other. Lewis was captivated by it, and tried to appreciate how tribesmen would see more than just the outside of the animal. They were hunters, and it was food. The inside of the animal was equally important. A simplistic view, but Lewis reckoned he might be right.
Alinka took them to a different area of the gallery then continued with her talk.
“The abstract style, predominant in central Australia, originates from sacred designs used in ceremonies. These designs, originally for body painting, ground paintings, and carved on sacred stones and boards, are now painted on canvas.”
Lewis wanted to know about the symbolism. What did it mean? Alinka was happy to explain as they stood before a patchwork in reds and black with connecting lines and circles.
“The concentric circles usually represent camp sites, waterholes or places of significance. Curved lines generally represent rain or water travelling underground. Straight lines may be indicative of travelling, and when these lines join concentric circles, it may show the pathway travelled by the ancestors.”
Lewis wandered around the rooms as in his own dream world. It wasn’t just the visual impact of the paintings, the skill that was there, the colours used - they excited the imagination. They were speaking to him, but he couldn’t understand the language, he only felt the words that had their roots in creation itself. At the end of the tour, one picture remained. Alinka was silent as Lewis gazed on it. She wanted to hear his thoughts.  
“This is a class apart. It’s stunning,” he said without prompt.
“What do you see?” asked Alinka.
“It’s like I’m looking at some fantastic terrain from an aeroplane: bits of cloud in the way, but adding to the view, becoming part of it. Like how you see fields in Europe from above, but not regular, man made... this is untamed - a vast landscape.” He pointed to a part of the painting. “This symbol coming down from the top - three concentric circles linked by lines - so that’s a pathway travelled by ancestors, you said. It’s so vast, so they’ve travelled everywhere. Then there are these other tracks, footprints, coming and going to the central circle. Perhaps that’s man, the artist maybe, making his own journey, retracing the steps of the ancestors. This central circle seems important though, one of the journeys doesn’t lead out of it, but instead the journey ends there, and transforms itself into this most incredible creature, almost exploding out of the centre, or beamed out of it like a laser. If you ask me, it’s like... The Journey Away... and then... well it has to be... The Journey Home. It’s absolutely amazing... What should I have seen?”
“Only what you see. Each person should decide,” replied Alinka.
“Who painted it?” asked Lewis.
“It’s by one of our most famous artists: Clifford Possum Tjapaltjarri.”
“Well, he’s had quite a journey. And he found something very special at the end of it,” said Lewis
“Thank you...  It’s called, ‘Man’s Love Story’. I think you saw that. I’ll leave you now to look at the paintings on your own.”
“Thanks for taking the time to explain them. It’s been really interesting,” said Lewis. And then as she turned to walk away, he added, “Did he paint it for you?”
Alinka looked back. “Yes,” was her simple reply.
Lewis had no verbal response, just a smile for the woman who had inspired such beauty, and such love. Once she left them, he turned to Lee and spoke to him for the first time since entering the gallery.
“I wouldn’t have guessed that you liked this sort of stuff. Thanks for bringing me, I really enjoyed it.”
“I saw some Aboriginal art when I was in Sydney a few years ago. It’s incredible, isn’t it? I hoped you’d like it... a bit of culture with a difference.”
“This one here is fabulous,” he said indicating to the painting he’d just described.
“It’s for sale apparently. A million Aussie dollars, or something ridiculous like that - you could probably afford it.”
“Probably, but it belongs in a gallery where everyone can see it,” replied Lewis, gazing again in wonder at the work. “I hope that’s where it ends up. ‘Man’s Love Story’... Yes, it belongs in a gallery... and then everyone can find it.”
Was it in Melbourne? What he was looking for? If all he wanted was a painting, then by God, he’d found the one.
Chapter 51
Scott was waiting for Lewis in the players’ lounge. He’d got there early after the first men’s semi-final which he’d been commentating on. A match that Lewis had won as expected: four sets in the end, Livyenko managing to take the second on a tie-break, but that effort proved too much for him and he capitulated thereafter. 
Lewis was naturally jubilant when he arrived, but contained his joy well. He knew he needed to keep calm. Reaching the final was all very well, a great achievement, but a true champion would not be satisfied with only that. He still passionately wanted to win the tournament and banish forever the ‘One Hit Wonder’ label he’d been tarnished with.
The rest of the team would be joining them shortly. Scott didn’t have long as he was due back in the commentary box soon for the next match, so after giving his congratulations and a quick analysis of the game, he cut to the chase.
“Look, I really don’t have the time at the moment. So I was thinking that maybe we could chat more about the final this evening – once we know for sure who you’ll be up against. How about we do it over dinner? I’ll take you out - my treat. You deserve one after today.”
Lewis looked at him a little surprised and felt his jubilation become strangely subdued. “What - just the two of us?” he asked.
“Yeah! Why not?” answered Scott, doing his best to make it sound as if it wasn’t a big deal.
Lewis didn’t buy it. “Are you sure that’s such a good idea? Perhaps you might feel more comfortable if Jim and Fiona were to come along,” he suggested.
Scott knew the reason for Lewis’s reticence, and tried to suppress his own reservations as he attempted to rectify his earlier mistake. “Everyone knows what the situation is now, Lewis. There’s no problem with us being seen out together. I should have said something when it all started then there would never have been a problem in the first place.”
Again Lewis was far from convinced, but he did like the concept. It harped back to his earlier fantasy of a platonic friendship with his American idol. And not only had Scott helped him reach the final, but they were actually going out on a date! In the same way he had gone out on a platonic date with Lee.
Lee! Why the hell was he suddenly feeling guilty again when Lee Porter flashed through his mind. That matter had supposedly been laid to rest – they were friends, nothing more, so why shouldn’t he go out with some other bloke who happened to be straight anyway? They were friends! And it was a comfortable friendship that had followed a comfortable pattern over the last couple of days... Lee would come round to the house once Lewis had finished his match or training session, and stay for dinner. They would chat for a while, but much of the time Lee was busy, speaking to various people on the telephone: late evening was a good time for him to deal with the agents in London and manage the bids that were coming in for the clothing sponsorship. That pattern would now be broken, and it was Friday, the start of the weekend. Lewis visualised Lee hitting the scene, and occupying his evening with someone else: someone who would probably be nameless to them both, unless it appeared a few days later in the Herald. But that was all part of the reality he had resolved to live with, and it was time to put it into practice. He wasn’t going to torture himself as he had once before, imagining what Lee got up to when he buggered off out for the evening. Lee was free to be with whoever he wished... as of course was Lewis.
Refusal was not an option anyway - not after everything Scott had done to help him. So Lewis placed his reservations aside and hoped for the best as he accepted the invite.
***
Serendipity had served great food but had left a rather sour taste in his mouth, so Scott selected a different venue, just as classy, but more refrained in its decor and traditional in its menu. He got there ten minutes early, in a suit as usual but minus a tie – the shirt open at the neck where a tuft of auburn chest hair could be seen spouting. Scott was nervous enough without getting all hot and sweaty under a buttoned-up collar! He’d been fretting about this for the past two days, although one could argue it had been almost two decades. As he’d got on with his life under a facade of normality, he’d tossed around arguments in his head and still hadn’t come up with an answer. He knew what he wanted on two particular fronts - but they were diametrically opposed. Was there a compromise, and if so, was it worth it?
A beaming Scottish smile said the answer was ‘yes’ to the last part. Even with eyes all around watching, Scott felt elated when Lewis arrived. And he was chuffed to bits when a gift was presented – a very stylish watch that had been engraved at the back with the words ‘From Lewis with thanks to his American Idol’. It was put on immediately in place of the one he’d been wearing. There had to be a compromise... and by God it would be worth it.
Food was ordered along with some wine for Scott, Lewis fighting back the temptation to join him, but sensibly he stuck to water. Whilst they waited for the starters, the day’s match was discussed, both men naturally delighted with how it had gone – a hiccup in the second set where Lewis had lost it on a tie-break, but otherwise it was fine. But both appreciated that Lewis had not really been tested to the full - Livyenko had lost the match as much as Macleod had won it – the man running out of steam and belief at the end. There would be little chance of a repeat of that in the final - not against Tommy Jackson who had won his semi-final at a canter. The reigning champion would be fresh for their second Grand Slam final encounter, and hungry for revenge.
As they tucked into the first course, Scott mentioned that he had managed to free himself from his commitments for the big day. He would be able to watch the match from Lewis’s supporters’ box. Would that be okay?
Of course it would be okay! Lewis was overjoyed at the idea – he would have two platonic friends in his box, who between them could arguably make the perfect man, which was as close as he was likely to get for the time being – or so he assumed. It was another part of the fantasy falling into place – the platonic fantasy concerning his American Idol who would show his support in the most public of ways. He couldn’t possibly ask for more – or so he also assumed!
The meal progressed leisurely and outwardly relaxed. Lewis was pleased to see that Scott wasn’t pre-occupied, looking nervously around, fearing hidden whispers and nudge-nudge wink-wink sniggers. Waiting for the main course, they talked over how best to approach the final, considering the relative weaknesses of Jackson’s game. There wasn’t much to pick on, but the American champion could prove fragile when under pressure. That’s what Lewis had done in the Wimbledon final, kept up the pressure until the mistakes started to creep in. Jackson was a brilliant front runner, relaxing with his lead, and easing his way over the finish line. But he had relaxed too much at Wimbledon and allowed Lewis back into the match. He would not make the same mistake again. Lewis had to stay with him right from the outset, keep the pressure on and make him crack.
The main course arrived. Scott was a lot more comfortable by this point in the proceedings. The conversation came easy as there was no safer ground for the pair of them than tennis. Mr. Taylor could have happily stayed there all evening. Every time he thought about changing the subject, bringing up what he had really invited Lewis out to discuss, the nerves got the better of him and he shied away. It was his dinner partner who eventually gave him the opening, bringing up himself what was still on the lad’s mind.
“When do you go back to the States?” asked Lewis.
“Early next week, supposedly, but I’m not sure yet,” Scott replied. He took a gulp of wine – a rather fine Australian Shiraz that was totally wasted on his normally discerning palate - then at last found the courage to make his move. “It all depends on you.”
Lewis looked at him, puzzled. “What do you mean?”
“I had a chat with Jim earlier. He thinks it would be a good idea if I were to stay involved with your coaching. He’s especially worried about the clay court season - reckons he needs more help if you’re going to crack it this year. Perhaps we could spend some time after the Open to see how I might fit in. That’s if you’re interested.”  
“Interested!” exclaimed Lewis, his mind doing summersaults in delight as another piece of the fantasy fell into place. “Of course I am! Jim didn’t mention anything. Is he okay with the idea? People might think he’s being eased out.”
“He might want to be,” Scott replied, realising too late that in his anxiety he had overstepped the mark, and raised a topic that should have been left until after the final. But the words were out, so he felt there could be no harm in more. “Would that be a problem for you? I’m not really sure myself. We’d obviously need to see how things shape up, but if I were to be convinced - would you want me?”
“Want you! Of course I want you... As a coach that is. Sorry.”
His normally rock steady hand trembling with nerves, Scott took another gulp of wine then asked, “And is that all?”
Lewis’s face turned scarlet, and he was momentarily lost for words. He knew the guilty answer, but it was not the answer that he thought Scott needed to hear. Marie was right, Lewis didn’t think through the situation. He saw his platonic fantasy and reached out to get it without concern for the inevitable consequences.
“I’m not going to act like a twat and make a play for you, Scott,” he replied. “You should know that by now.”
The glass was shakily deposited, and with eyes fixed forward, Scott made an admission at last. “Perhaps I wouldn’t object if you did,” he managed to stammer. 
Lewis half choked on his food as he stared at his idol – a man who was now even redder in the face than he was. “You’re winding me up. Is this some sort of test?”
“No,” Scott replied, lowering his eyes to his plate, unable to hold the gaze from across the table for more than a few seconds.
“So... what are you saying?” asked Lewis, struggling to make sense of it all. A quick glance was cast around to make sure no one was within earshot before clarification was sought. “Are you telling me that you like blokes as well as women... Sorry, maybe I’m getting you wrong.”
Scott looked up. He was finding this excruciating, but the genie was out and he had to press on. “I’m not sure, Lewis... I’ve never... I’ve never been with a man, so I don’t really know. But that’s not to say I wouldn’t like to try. I’ve thought about it a lot recently – an awful lot over the past ten days, if you get my drift.”
Lewis most certainly got his drift. His eyes finally opened, it smacked him in the face like a heavyweight’s fist. “Shit. I don’t know what to say.”
Scott let out a nervous laugh. “Say you’re not interested - that it wouldn’t happen, and then we can leave it at that.”
A number of images flashed through Lewis’s shell-shocked mind: a hand ruffling his hair with what seemed like real affection; a manly hirsute chest that he found a real turn on; gorgeous legs with thunderous thighs that led to the most incredible ass; and a fabulous flaccid dick that he’d love to see hard. On several occasions that had been his inspiration and now it could be his for real. There was a twinge of guilt, but what the hell, because other images were also being replayed in his head - two men having sex in a cubicle in Sydney, and a body perfect Englishman pounding at some lad as Australia Day fireworks lit up the sky and muffled their orgasmic cries. These things went through Lewis’s mind, and made it up for him very quickly. Three weeks without sex was a heck of a long time and this was too good a chance to pass.   
“I’m not going to lie. Of course I’m interested. Sod the meal! We can go back to your hotel room right now if you want.”
It was barely credible to Scott that his heart could beat any faster than it had been doing for the past few minutes, but it managed to do so as he heard these words. Excitement and trepidation spurred it on - the relief he also felt was having no calming influence. His eyes darted to Lewis who stood at the other side of the sexual abyss, beckoning Scott to join him - at least for an encounter that no one would know about, for he would never have raised this if he doubted Lewis’s discretion in that respect. One more step and he would have crossed that particular line then perhaps find more courage and go all the way. But it was a step that he would not take tonight - too many factors held him back. 
“That wouldn’t be a good idea,” said Scott. “The press would be all over us.”
“And is that a problem?” asked Lewis, knowing the answer, realising that some things hadn’t changed.
“It would be best to keep things quiet for a while. You don’t need that sort of pressure just now.”
“I have that sort of pressure for breakfast every day. It doesn’t bother me any more... but it bothers you... of course it does. I’ve been in the same situation, so I understand.”
It was Lewis’s eyes that now sank to his food, pulled down there by the weight of reality. Scott wanted to reach out and take his hand but propriety held him back. “Let’s wait until after the final,” he urged. “Once the media interest in you has died down, we can talk this through, and see how it might work out.”
“How it might work out?” echoed Lewis looking back up. “It’s sounding awfully complicated. Why talk? For someone who hasn’t dabbled as yet, I would have thought the first thing you’d want was confirmation that you liked it and what role you preferred. We might not click, although somehow I doubt that... Sorry, I’m embarrassing you. I know it can’t be easy.”
Lewis left it at that for the time being. He wasn’t going to react further without thinking it through – and there was plenty to think about. This was a lot more than a fling with his idol that was being proposed – a night of passion, introducing Scott to the joys of man on man sex – nervy, fumbling, perhaps awkward at times, but unquestionably a whole bundle of fun. With the assets Scott boasted, how could it not be? But it was clear that Scott was thinking way beyond that. He was considering taking over from Jim as coach, so they could be in this for the long haul, not just a few shags. It was an affair that was being proposed before they’d even had sex - ridiculous in this modern promiscuous age, but full of attraction. He might be a novice and unsure of himself at first, but Lewis was sure they’d be compatible in the sack, although that would have to be established – something to look forward to and try numerous times. Perhaps a holiday would be called for – a week of endless experimental sex just to be sure they were right for each other before a commitment was made...
And then what! The fantasy made real with benefits thrown in? 
Why not? Even the platonic version had a huge appeal, spending time with his idol, getting to know him really well, learning so much from this sophisticated man. And with this new angle on the deal, Lewis could do some teaching as well, although hopefully it wouldn’t be long before Scott was up to speed, doing what came natural with that incredible tool he possessed. And as an added bonus, Lewis would get the best possible coach for his tennis. It was one hell of a proposition, and one not to be sneezed at lightly. But this affair would be a discreet one, at least in the beginning - a relationship kept away from public view, masked under the guise of player-coach. 
There was the downside – the need for secrecy for an indeterminate period! But how long exactly – that was the big question. As he fiddled with the remains of his meal, Lewis reasoned that it must have taken Scott a huge amount of courage to say what he did. Perhaps having made that step, a further one would not be so difficult – and then the fantasy would be complete. Six months would surely be enough and then they could declare themselves – another confession on Centre Court having regained his Wimbledon title. Now that would really make a perfect day! 
These thoughts went through Lewis’s mind as he listened to Scott opening up about his life. His marriage, the awareness that he wanted something else, but how he had put his tennis career first. How he had felt driven to encounter Lewis, and the immediate attraction he experienced on meeting him. How for the first time in his life he wanted to take the plunge and satisfy a long held curiosity.
“God, all those times in the locker room!” blurted Lewis, suddenly realising that it was a two way thing. “Were you checking me out like I was you?”
“Yeah, then jerking myself off thinking about it later,” Scott admitted.
Once again an image flashed through Lewis’s mind. Scott Taylor certainly knew how to tease a boy! It was too agonising to bear. “Are you sure we can’t go back to your room? My balls are ready to explode.”
Scott grinned through his blush. “Yeah, I know how you feel, but patience, Lewis... after the final, that’s what you need to get your head around now.”
Lewis leered at him in a hideously suggestive manner, which would have got him thrown out if it were to be spotted by a neighbouring diner. “I know what I want to get my head round right now - and it’s not the tennis final, that can wait till the morning.”
Resolve almost evaporated with the suggestion, and the smile that now replaced the lustful leer. The trepidation that Scott had felt had gone, but prudence was still there to steer him down the same path. “You’ve got practice tomorrow, and you need your rest. There’s a big final ahead and those opportunities don’t come along every day - trust me. We’ll have our time. Come on, I’ll get the cheque.”
They shared a taxi back to the Langham, which Lewis would take on to the house alone. Sitting on the back seat, Scott kept his distance, betraying his unease by talking too much. Lewis politely engaged with him verbally, but his mind was elsewhere. He wanted to slide his hand over and engage in a more interesting way. But of course he resisted. He knew that Scott would be well pissed off if he tried anything like that in public. The price of fame could be high indeed!
Carnal thoughts concerning Scott stayed with Lewis as he was driven from the Langham to the house, until suddenly in his frustration a different thought occurred. Unlike the American, his English friend wouldn’t have been so coy, and the chances were that right at this moment, some lucky young lad was benefiting from the wealth of experience and lack of inhibitions that went with the perfect body. Lewis felt jealous, but was unsure as to why. Was it jealousy because Lee would be in bed with someone and he was not, or was it because Lee would be in bed with someone and it wasn’t him?
He knew right at that moment Lee Porter would have to go if there was ever to be anything between himself and Scott Taylor. Lewis would never accept this sort of duplicity from a partner, and it was wrong to harbour it in himself. In the sort of relationship he envisaged there could be no doubts about who you wanted to be with. The commitment should be total and there could be no room for any others – old fashioned perhaps, but that’s what Lewis had always dreamed of finding one day. 
Scott’s relative innocence and honourable nature made him a perfect candidate for that trusting monogamy – so different from Lee and his thousand-plus conquests – a figure he was probably adding to right now, and would look to double before his shagging days were done. 
Lee! Lee! Lee! Why did he always bring it back to Lee? It was Scott he should be thinking about – a potential relationship with his sporting idol, or at least a roll in the sack with a hot horny Yank, or Southern Gentleman to be more precise. Porter was obviously a threat if he was still there in Lewis’s mind. So the answer was obvious: banish the man and wipe him from his life. And then maybe the guilt that had crept up again would finally go away.
Chapter 52
“He’s very quiet this morning. You wouldn’t think that he’s just reached a Grand Slam final. But then at least he’s being level headed about it all,” said Jim Murdoch pushing away the last of the newspapers which he had spent the previous hour wading through.
“He must have a lot on his mind,” replied Fiona who was sitting opposite browsing through the celebrity gossip as she enjoyed her third cup of tea of the morning.
“There’s only one thing he should have on his mind, and that’s tomorrow’s match,” countered the coach.
Fiona put down the magazine she’d been scanning – alerted by something in her husband’s tone. “Well, I’m sure that will be a big part of it. Have you spoken to Scott this morning? Did he mention anything about last night? Perhaps something was said that’s upset him again. I hope the two of you haven’t gone and done anything stupid.” 
“No, I haven’t spoken to him yet,” replied Jim, shuffling through the newspapers again in an attempt to avoid the more pertinent question. He knew it wouldn’t work. After twenty-seven years of marriage, Fiona could read him all too easily.
“Jim!” she exclaimed. No more was needed.
“Scott was going to talk to him about carrying on his involvement. Put his mind at rest about what might happen after the Open. That was all. I thought it would give him a lift,” admitted Jim.
Fiona folded up the magazine and smacked it hard on the back of her husband’s hand. “Well, you’ve certainly managed to give him something other than the match tomorrow to think about, haven’t you?” she snapped in a muffled voice.
“What the hell is there to think about?” answered Jim, nursing his violated flesh. “I would have thought he would have jumped at the chance.”
“Perhaps there’s more to it than we know.”
“Like what?”
“Lee.”
Using his aching hand, Jim stroked his now equally aching brow. Why could he never have an hour’s peace of a morning? Did his wife and that scoundrel of a lad he cared so much for plot out new ways to torment him every day? They had certainly come up with a cracker of a wheeze in the form of Lee Porter if that was truly the case. Jim tried to calm himself before he responded. “He should have been gone by now. Lewis would be out of his mind to risk having Scott as a coach because of that chancer, if that’s what’s bothering him at the moment.”
Fiona pursed her lips in annoyance. “Lewis wouldn’t appreciate any conditions being attached to the offer. You should know that. Nobody’s going to tell him how to live his life, to put tennis first. He made that decision a long time ago, and it’s too late to go back on it now.”
“But there’s nothing going on between them!” exclaimed Jim. He felt totally exasperated. None of this made sense. “You said Lewis made that clear, and that’s what I told Scott.”
“Well, perhaps it’s something else then. I wish the pair of you had just left this till after the final. You should have known better, Jim, than to have jumped the gun.”
“I thought he would have been over the moon. Settled his mind about what was going to happen.”
“Aye, I know what you mean,” said Fiona, at last cutting Jim a bit of slack, “but it seems like the opposite has happened. He doesn’t look at all settled in his mind. I think you should have a word with him. Whatever it is, he needs some help at the moment.”
Lewis was in his room, going over again what Scott had said to him. It didn’t seem real: his idol was gay! Well, he hadn’t quite said that. The G word was never actually used. Given that he’d been married and had screwed other women, bi-sexual was probably the better term. But whatever! Scott had said that he wanted him – to test the waters at least. He said that they should try and work something out... and that was admission enough.
Gay, bi-sexual, a little bit curious – Lewis didn’t give a toss what name you gave it, as long as he had Scott breaking a sweat in his bed and giving it his All-American best. But whilst he had expressed a desire and admitted to his feelings, Scott wasn’t ready to admit it to anyone else – not yet at any rate. Thinking this through, Lewis could see the sense - it was a safe approach, that’s for certain, and one that was probably for the best. Lewis hadn’t taken it all in at the time, but he recalled enough about what Scott had said: ageing parents who were deeply religious; the perception of friends; the publicity it would cause; he needed to be sure; it was a very big step. 
Yes it was a big step! Lewis knew that as he’d already taken it. He understood and agreed to an extent, but what he wasn’t too happy about was taking a step backwards and returning to a closet by keeping the relationship secret if things got that far. That was a hefty price to pay, but surely Scott was worth it. He was certainly worth playing along with for a while – at least for a few days, weeks, or even months, as Scott tested out the waters, hopefully time and time again! But for how long would Lewis be prepared to live the lie?
He knew he shouldn’t be worrying about it. The smart thing to do was shelve it away, compartmentalised until after the final - then they could work it all through whilst hopefully shagging like rabbits! That seemed like a reasonable short-term plan. So he put it away, put all the problems in a box... but still something wasn’t right. 
It was a persistent little bugger - that nagging doubt that had hit him last night - a sense of unease about another man, which wasn’t fair. Lee certainly wouldn’t have had any such concerns when it came to him having some fun. That needed sorting - and the sooner the better. But just as with Scott, it would have to wait until after the final.
There was a rap on his door. “Lewis! Are you up for a chat before we head off to the courts?” shouted his coach.
“Aye, Jim, come on in.”
Jim found him lying on his bed with his hands behind his head, staring at the ceiling in a reflective mood. 
“Are you okay, Lewis?” asked Jim. “You’ve been a bit quiet this morning.”
“Big day tomorrow, mate - there’s a lot to think about. There’ll be enough talking to do later, I suppose.”
“Aye, we’ll go through it all with Scott again when we meet up this afternoon. You no doubt came up with a few ideas last night.”
“Oh aye, he left me with plenty of ideas, Jim... I can assure you of that!” replied Lewis with a chuckle; then turning serious again he added, “It was a bit odd, though, not having you there. Is that what you really want - to back off and leave it to Scott from now on?”
“He spoke to you about it then?” quizzed Jim, knowing fine well that this would have been the case.
“It would have been better coming from you, Jim. Why didn’t you tell me yourself that you want to leave me?”
“He shouldn’t have said that, Lewis!” 
Jim was seriously annoyed, and thought he now fully understood the reason behind Lewis’s sullenness. He had agreed with Scott that continuing the involvement could be mentioned, but no more. Put the boy’s mind at rest, clarify the immediate future - not raise question marks over the longer term. But it was done now, so he needed to put things into perspective. He sat down on the edge of the bed before setting out to repair the damage.
“I’m not going to leave you, Lewis, not in the way you mean,” said Jim patting the lad on the shoulder. “I’ll always be there for you if you need me. But it’s time now for you to move on. There’s more to come from you yet, and it needs someone else to bring it out of you. If I thought that I could do it, then I would, but I can’t. Scott is the ideal man for the job, do you not agree?”
“There’s nobody I think higher of, you know that. It’s all a bit sudden, that’s all. It’s a hell of a thing to hit me with just before the final. Did the pair of you plan this all along?”
“No!” Jim exclaimed, although he knew he was guilty of an element of scheming. “I just wanted him to help here at first, and then think through what was best to do after the tournament. But it’s worked out that well, and you seemed so disappointed when he backed away earlier in the week, I thought it would put your mind at rest before the final, to know he was going to carry on. Maybe work with us for a few more tournaments and see how we all feel. Then take over if we’re all sure it’s the right thing to do. I would never leave you, Lewis - not until I found the right man to take my place. Scott seems to be the one. There’s no point in us being sentimental about this. It’s what’s needed for your career now.”
Lewis nodded. “I think you’re underestimating yourself, Jim, but you might be right. And there’s nobody better than Scott for the tennis side of things. It’s the bigger picture I’m a bit worried about. He wouldn’t put up with me like you do, you old softy.”
Jim looked at him sternly. “That might not be so bad. It would make you think a bit more about what you’re doing at times if you knew that somebody might walk away and not put up with your shenanigans like I do.”
“Keep me on a tight leash, would he?” said Lewis with a cheeky smile. “I don’t think I’d like that, Jim.”
“Oh, you’d have your flings, Lewis - he’s not so stupid as to think otherwise. You might have to be a bit more considerate as to who with though… and as I say, that might not be such a bad thing. You’re on your way now, lad. Number one this year maybe. Think of that: acknowledged by the world as its best tennis player. Scott can take you there.”
“At a price.”
“I can’t see any cost. But if there is one you’re not telling me about, then it’s more than worth it. So think on! It’s taken you over a year to get back on track properly. You’ve been rolling all over the place at times. But now everything’s falling into place. Don’t blow it again, Lewis.”
“Is that what I did, Jim? Blow it. Really - is that what you think?”
Jim hesitated for a moment. They’d argued a lot, discussed endless topics around the sport, but had never touched on this. It was time for truth though, so he offered it up by giving his opinion at last. “You could have been at the top by now. You lost focus, Lewis - got your priorities wrong. Here’s your chance back. Another final! Another win if you’re lucky - you beat him before! And from there... it’s all the way. So aye, you blew it the last time. Don’t make the same mistake. Carpe Diem!”
“I didn’t do Latin at school, Jim.”
“Seize the day, boy! Seize the day!”
Lewis nodded reflectively. “Let’s get the match over with, and then we’ll see where we are.”
“He’s the best man for you, Lewis, and you know it,” stressed Jim.
“You’re probably right - even if there is a price. Don’t worry. I’ll be fine. It’s just a lot to take in just now. The final. Scott. I’m a lucky boy. It’s just...”
“Just what?”
“Nothing - it’ll be fine, Jim. Everything will be fine.”
***
Lewis continued to force himself to forget about what might happen after the tournament as he went through his practice session. Scott took charge, and played for some of the time, the rest he spent at the sidelines observing and coaching. Lewis tried to hear only his words. ‘Compartmentalise,’ he told himself. ‘Put the rest in a box. It can wait. Just think about tomorrow and what you need to do.’
After the practice, they gathered around to go over the strategy again. It was simple: stay with him and look for where he might be making some mistakes, a shot that might not be working so well and home in on it; draw him into the net, as with Gonzales, but not so often as his volleying was better. Pressure - that was the key. Make Jackson crack. He was the one with most to lose.
When they had finished, Lewis announced that he was heading off for a shower. Scott held back, he wanted to go through a few things with Jim. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Lewis,” he said. “Remember, keep that focus. Don’t think about anything else until after the final.”
“Okay, Scott. I’ll try.”
Lewis felt like he was being dismissed: a boy who wasn’t privy to the adults’ conversation. They would decide his future for him. They knew best. But it was all for show - Lewis knew the real reason why Scott had held back. He didn’t want to risk the locker room with the knowledge he had given him.
“Get used to it, boy!” he quietly muttered. “That’s the price - or at least part of it. But it’s worth it! It has to be... In a few days, he’ll be all yours! And there’s no way he’s going to be disappointed when he tests out the waters at last!”

Chapter 53
Lee arrived at the house whilst Lewis was still at Melbourne Park. He’d brought along a large bag containing the new kit which HIM Clothing were supplying for the final, and a variety of other items should Lewis decide to go with a different supplier. The HIM consignment had arrived from Sydney in the morning and Lee wanted to make sure that it fitted okay, and that Lewis was happy with the designs should he decide to go with them. He had a whole range of different options, but knew the ones he wanted Lewis to wear on the day. He was sure that he would agree with most of them. Only one might prove too much for the lad. Lee still wasn’t sure if he should even show it to him.
“What have you got there, Lee?” asked Fiona as she let him in.
“It’s the kit for tomorrow. Is Lewis back yet?”
“No, not yet.”
Lee deposited the bag in the living area then sat down at the table. By force of habit, Fiona put the kettle on and set about making them tea. It had become a sort of routine for them and one that they both enjoyed – two unlikely souls who’d found a loose alliance that was communed in this most British of rituals.
“How is he today?” Lee asked as Fiona busied herself with the task.
There was a pause. A deep sigh, and alarm bells went off.
“Fiona?”
She turned to look at him. Wariness was still there – Fiona doubted if that would ever go. But she saw concern and she saw an improbable friend. “I’m not sure. There’s something wrong... well, not wrong, but...”
“What’s happened?” asked Lee, anguish in his voice.
The pot was filled and brought to the table, the crockery was already there and waiting. “Och, I shouldn’t say,” Fiona baulked then quickly relented, “but what harm can come of it? It’s already out in the open... Jim’s thinking of retiring, and Scott might take over as coach.”
Adrenalin coursed through Lee Porter’s veins – he sensed a calamity and feared it was of his creation. “That’s good, isn’t it?” he asked, masking his concern. “If that’s what Jim wants, and what you want, then Scott would be the best man for the job.”
Tea was poured and Lee took a quick sip to wash away the bad taste in his mouth. That phrase again: ‘Best Man’ – it galled him to say it. But Scott was the best man, in so many respects where Lewis was concerned, so Lee tried to sound persuasive with his use of it.
“Yes. I suppose he is,” agreed Fiona, not sounding in the slightest convinced.
Suddenly Lee realised the extent of the problem. “Does Lewis know? They surely didn’t tell him this just before the final.”
Fiona let out another sigh to betray her annoyance. “Aye, they did. They should have waited. They thought it would be a boost for him to know that Scott would carry on the work – at least give it a trial and then decide. But it seems to have backfired and he’s very subdued.”
“So, that’s what last night was about,” said Lee, as much to himself as to his tea drinking partner. “I must say, I would have thought that Lewis would have been happy with the idea.”
Fiona looked at him intently – sharp lioness eyes searching his face having sensed danger near her cub. “So would I! Something tells me there’s more involved though. Lewis is very pragmatic when it comes to his tennis, but this isn’t just about tennis, is it?”
Lee shrugged. “How would I know, Fiona?”
“Because he talks to you about things other than tennis,” she answered accusingly. “There isn’t anyone else he talks to like that.”
“He hasn’t mentioned anything.” It was barely a lie, but Lee still felt uncomfortable delivering it, for he knew that she knew, et cetera ad infinitum.
“Perhaps he will, when you see him later,” she stated with a curt smile, not dragging it out any further. 
“Perhaps,” said Lee, though he seriously doubted it.  
They sat quietly for a few minutes, both considering the implications of this development - both considering it from the perspective of the same person. It was Fiona who eventually broke the silence. “I missed you last night. I’ve got used to you being around.”
Lee smiled to let her know the easy comfort was reciprocated. “Thanks. But I’m afraid you’ll have to get used to me not being around. I’ll be moving on in a few days. I need to get back to work.”
“But you are working,” Fiona countered, “and very hard, as far as I can see. I bet you’ll earn more money for Lewis with this deal than he’ll make if he wins the final.”
Lee nodded. “His agents will close the deal, but yes, the options are all very lucrative, especially the one I’m going to suggest he goes with.”
She wasn’t over impressed with the financial aspect, but Fiona recognised effort when she saw it. And just like Lee and his fellow conspirator, Marie, Fiona had also formed her own vision of a future after Melbourne, although hers was somewhat different. “He could make a lot more - if someone were to guide him properly,” she suggested, determined to float her vision past Lee. 
It was an alternative vision that Porter had also considered, but had repeatedly forced himself not to look at in detail. He knew it had no place alongside the one that he was coaxing into reality and now appeared to be falling into place with indecent haste. “His agents sound like they know what they’re doing. He needs to cut them a bit of slack and let them use him properly. If he wins tomorrow, they could really make a killing out of it for him.”
Fiona shook her head. “He doesn’t like dealing with them. He’s suspicious as to how they might portray him, and he doesn’t want to get distracted by all the marketing stuff. You’ve seen what he’s like. He won’t work with them, not properly.”
Lee shook his head as well, finding it difficult to comprehend. “He could have made tens of millions out of the Wimbledon win if it had been handled right. Even with the announcement that he’s gay.”
“Pity you weren’t around at the time to do it for him. But you are now,” quipped Fiona.
Lee smiled. “Not for long. Scott Taylor won’t want me about, and I think Lewis feels the same. I bring too much trouble for him.”
Fiona paused for a moment before responding, and adjusted her chair slightly in order to face Lee more directly. She wanted to see his reaction, as well as hear it.  
“Trouble follows Lewis wherever he goes. He needs a strong man at his side that can deal with it. You must know the type: one that can quieten a crowd down, and turn the course of a match with his words; one that he can talk over his problems with, and can put things into perspective for him; someone that can manage his business without interfering with the tennis. He needs a man that understands what’s important to him: a man he can trust.”
“And there’s the rub. He would never trust me, not enough,” Lee responded, the anguish of this reality flashing across his face before being masked by another forced smile. 
Fiona saw her answer, and heard enough. “Trust is something you earn, Lee. It takes time. Maybe it’s something you should talk to him about, or is he not worth it?”
Lee hadn’t expected this. He’d assumed that even Fiona, supportive as she had been, would want to see him gone after the tournament. But instead, here she was, encouraging him to stay and try to become part of their lives. He couldn’t find it in himself to respond with a lie. “He’s the only person I’ve ever met that I’d say was worth it. But I’d let him down, I know I would, Fiona.”
“Just like you’ve been letting him down ever since you first came here to see him, on that first day of the tournament? You didn’t let him down then. Have you let him down since?”
“All the time...” answered Lee. Then seeing the look of surprised hurt on Fiona’s face, he quickly explained. “No, not like that - well, at least not since I came to Melbourne. But I was using him. I had a plan.”
She reached out and soothed his anguish by stroking the back of his hand. “I think he knew that.”
He looked at her and gulped, swamped by more empathy than he could possibly deserve. “That’s the crazy thing. He did!” Lee blurted. “Not the details, but he knew that I was up to something, in it for the publicity, and he encouraged it. He should have sent me packing, instead he trusted me to do this for him.”
She gripped the hand. There was no great muscular strength, just the passion of a mother, even though she wasn’t. Lee had never known a power than came anywhere close. “And you’ve respected that trust,” Fiona told him. “He would trust you to do all of his marketing for him. Make him those tens of millions, and a few for yourself in the process no doubt... But are you still using him? The people he’s involved with are always going to get publicity, it comes with the territory. Is that still the reason, Lee?”
“It was, at first,” he admitted, for she deserved nothing less than his honesty. “That’s what I told myself anyway. And it’s always going to be a part of it with Lewis as you say. He’s a big opportunity for someone like me, and I could never ignore that.”
“You’re not answering the question,” she insisted, the grip tightening further like a hanged man’s noose, forcing a last confession before meeting his maker. “Are you still using him? Is that why you’re still here?”
“No!”
“And you’ll just walk away?”
“I have to. It’s the best thing for Lewis, and I want what’s best for him, not what’s best for me.”
She closed her eyes and absorbed the truth of it – the words, the tone, the pulsing of his blood as it flowed through his veins, even the smell of him screamed of fidelity. The grip was relaxed, and as eyes reopened she patted him kindly. “I would imagine that’s the first time in your life you’ve ever done that. Put someone else first. Are you telling me everything, Lee?”
“No. And please... don’t ask.”
She appreciated the sincerity of the plea, just as she appreciated the sincerity of his earlier words. It was time to let it go, for now. But Fiona would not let that be the end of things where Lee Porter was concerned. She had made him a promise, and she always kept a promise. 
“Okay. I’ll make us some fresh tea. They’ll be back soon. Then we can have a look at these clothes.”
It was late afternoon by the time Lewis arrived back with Jim and his sultry mood hadn’t improved. Lee was still at the table keeping Fiona company as she prepared the evening meal. 
“Hi, Lee. How are you doing, mate?” asked Lewis as he entered the living area.
“Okay, Lewis. And you?”
“So so.”
“Well, sort it out!” the Englishman exclaimed. “You should be excited about tomorrow, not so so.”
“Oh, I am... How was your evening? Did you go out?” asked Lewis as he slouched into a chair beside Lee at the table.
“No. I spent most of the night on the phone. The bill’s going to be a bit scary, but I think it’s worth it. You’ll have a better clothing deal come Monday, regardless of the result. Your agents can tell you all about the options - I’ve given them my recommendation. It’s not the most obvious one, but it would be the best in the long run... the best one for you. I think they’re going to call you shortly to review it all. Ideally you should make a decision before the final.”
“Why the rush?” asked Lewis with an indifferent shrug. He wasn’t really bothered about what gear he’d wear at the final, but this news about Lee’s evening was perking him up, although he obviously couldn’t show it. 
“Bonuses!” shouted Lee, slapping his hand down to emphasise the point and break the ennui that seemed to be eating like a cancer. “You can make a lot of money just by turning up in someone’s gear tomorrow, assuming you then sign with them. Your agents will take you through it all.”
“No. Sod them! I want you to tell me,” insisted Lewis, starting to feel alive again. “I want to hear what you’ve been up to,” he added, stunned that he’d say that to Lee Porter on a Saturday afternoon and actually mean it!
This was exactly what Lee had planned, and now he felt guilty for manipulating the situation, even though it was in Lewis’s best interests. He was sure the route he was going to guide him down was the way to go, but it was still manipulation. How truthful had he been with Fiona? Was he still using him? Was that the reason he was still here? It all had become so jumbled up, he couldn’t say for sure anymore. But it hardly mattered now - so he might as well see it through. “Okay. Let’s talk about clothes!”
Lewis pulled himself upright in an attempt to appear interested. Lee had spent a lot of time on this, and he deserved something more than the indifference that he usually displayed when marketing was on the agenda.
“Well, the bids are in,” started Lee, his face animated like Disney. “Of course, they all want you to wear their kit tomorrow, and are offering a lump sum if you do. I’ve told them there will be no contracts signed till after the final, but agreed that if you do wear their kit, then the bonus will be carried over, and doubled if you win, assuming you sign with them. If you want to grab some easy money, then pick the biggest bonus. A couple of them are better than the one I lost for you.”
“I lost it, not you, Lee,” Lewis insisted. “Are you sure they’ll honour this though, if nothing is signed before the final?” It was rare for him to take such interest, but the question came easy, and he instinctively knew that he would get a straight answer - one he could understand.
“They’ll honour it. I’ve made sure that Letters of Agreement from all the contenders have been faxed to your agents, along with draft contracts. They’re binding.”
“Good, so who’s in the frame?”
“There are five hats in the ring. Financially two stand out as the best, not much to choose between them. Both are cash based, with a golden handshake on signing, again doubled if you win tomorrow, then a monthly retainer with bonuses built in, dependant on performance. There’s a minimum amount of advertising you need to agree to, but not much. You can do more at your own discretion - of course they have to pay extra for that. You would be the main man for them as far as tennis is concerned, so they would want to use you - something to do when you have a bit of time on your hands. You might enjoy it.”
“So which of the two do you recommend?” asked Lewis. He was genuinely interested now. The buzz that Lee obviously got from striking the deals was infectious.
“Neither. It’s the one that’s offering you the least cash up front that I suggest you go with.”
Lewis jerked his head back, totally confused. “Why?”
“They’ve got nicer clothes! What other reason could be more important to tennis’s only gay boy?”
Lewis screeched and slammed his hand down on the table in mimicry of Lee’s earlier smack. “You do make me laugh,” he said, breaking into his first proper smile of the day. “Okay, I’ll tell the agents to accept the crappy offer.”  
Lee shook his head, partly in despair, partly overwhelmed by the blind trust that Lewis was placing in him. “It’s not crappy,” he explained, needing to justify. “As I said, you’ll earn more in the long run. They’ll work on a sales percentage for all their products, not just tennis kit. You would become their main man, full stop. It’s the Australian company, HIM Clothing. I told you I was doing some work with them, well... we turned things around. There would be no better person to market their gear than the Australian Open champion, and it’s going to sell like hot cakes, believe me. Well, assuming you agree to wear it at the final. Do you want to see it?”
“I can’t wait.”
Lee fetched over the bag and brought out a few shirts, holding them out in turn for Lewis to inspect. It was just standard tennis gear, perhaps a tad more colourful than the norm.
“These are the basic shirts that they produce at the moment. They’re okay, but hardly original. If this is what you feel comfortable in, then use them. You might not want to bring attention to yourself with anything unusual. And winning tomorrow is the most important thing, not what you’re wearing.”
“So what’s the alternative?” asked Lewis, leaning forward and trying to peer into the bag for a sneak preview. Lee had him totally hooked.
“These.”
Jim and Fiona now gathered around, both with their own reasons to find out what Lee was suggesting. He produced a pile of shirts and unwrapped one of them as his audience watched on. Jim was the first to cast a verdict as it was held aloft. “Sweet, Jesus! You’re not expecting him to go out wearing that. A lot of the new designs are daft, but that’s just ridiculous.”
“How did you do that?” asked Lewis, taking no notice of his coach. “It was one of my favourites. Not THE favourite, you know what that was, but... it’s amazing.” Lewis got out of his chair and took the shirt from Lee in order to examine it more closely. It was a sleeveless affair which he quite liked, but it was the design that everyone would take note of, not his arms for a change. It had shades of brown forming crazy patterns in the background, with black, ghost like figures floating above it. “It’s the Emu Men, isn’t it?”
“I was relieved when you said you liked it,” said Lee, thrilled at the response. “I had to guess which ones to go with. There wasn’t time to wait until you’d seen them at the gallery. There are five other designs, some with sleeves, some without. You could just pick one to wear, or change them around as the match goes on, but only if you’re comfortable with doing that. Don’t worry about the clothes, just think about winning.”
“I sweat like a pig in the heat here, so I’ll need to change at least every set. Can I see the rest?”
“You might want to consider some of the other sponsors, Lewis. As I said, they are offering big bucks up front.”
“This is what you recommend, isn’t it? Why on earth would I want to go against your advice after all the time you’ve spent looking into this? Now come on, let’s see the rest of the gear.” 
Still barely able to credit the trust, Lee unwrapped the other shirts. 
Lewis worked his way through them, trying each one on for size and comfort. He didn’t remember every painting the designs were based on, but Lee had chosen well, as each one was spectacular in its own way. “Am I okay wearing these? Is there not some sort of copyright infringement going on here?” he asked.
“HIM Clothing own the copyrights,” Lee assured. “And the paintings have been bought for you by them as a gift. The artists, or their next of kin, have given permission for the designs to be used. They’ll get a nice kick back, so everyone’s sweet. What do you reckon?”
“I think they’re wonderful. The Aussies might think I’m taking the piss, though.”
“No, they won’t,” replied Lee. “This is your tribute to their country and their heritage. Something they should be proud of. You’ll win the crowd, Lewis, and then they can help you to win the title.”
Lewis looked at him in amazement. Lee was giving him a key. “You need to win them over,” that’s what Scott had said to him, and Lewis knew that he was right, but he couldn’t see a way. Scott had his own approach: keep things quiet. Here was another option: loud and proud. The clothes were certainly loud, and Lewis would wear them with pride. 
“Thank you. You have been busy. Is that them all?”
Lee hesitated and fumbled in the bag. “There are some shorts here as well - I kept those tame,” he offered as his mind turned over. “Sweat bands and things like that. You can try them on later and go with what you like best...” 
He thought to stop – it had all gone so well. Then a haunting statement from a different rulebook made him think again: “...and saying nothing... that would have been like a lie in a way. Do you not think?”
How could there be lies on this day of poignant truths?
“...There is one more shirt, though,” Lee nervously added. “It might be a bit over the top… you can decide if you want it or not.”
“Let’s have a look,” Lewis brightly encouraged.
Lee brought out the last of the shirts, still in its wrapping, and handed it to Lewis for him to open. He placed it on the table and sat down, fascinated to see what Lee had kept up his sleeve for the grand finale. He expected another Aboriginal design, but surely not based on ‘Man’s Love Story’, that would be too much to put on a shirt. It was too complex to be reduced in that way. As he prised open the wrapping, he froze when he saw what lay underneath. The others did as well.
Lewis just stared at it, a minute passed before he even drew breath - his fingers slowly moving over the fabric, teasing and caressing it. He seemed transfixed. 
“Do you recognise it, Lewis?” asked Fiona, the only one brave enough to dare break the spell.
He tried to look up to her, but his head only rose a fraction before it was pulled back down, the spell still binding, fixing his eyes to the material that he held. Finally he put it down, pushing it away slightly, but his eyes never wavered.  
“It’s my dad’s tartan... He wore it to his wedding... when he married my mum. She’s still got the kilt. I think so anyway.”
“Of course she has, Lewis,” said Fiona.
Lee was desperate to speak, to ask him if it was okay, but Fiona touched him on the arm and held him back.
“It’s not just your dad’s tartan, Lewis. It’s yours as well: the Macleod tartan. The ‘Macleod of Lewis’ to give it its proper name, because that’s where the clan hails from – your ancestral home – your dad’s original home before he moved to Ayr. This tartan is something that links you to him, passed down from father to son. It’s part of your heritage, just like these other shirts are part of a heritage. And don’t you think for one second that you’re not worthy of wearing it. Your dad would have been so proud to see you walking onto that court tomorrow, but nothing would have made him more proud than to see you in this.” 
She walked over and crouched beside him, putting her arm around his shoulders and wiped away the tears that flowed freely down his cheeks.
“Perhaps it’s something you can keep special and put it on when you’re ready.”
“Aye, when I’m ready.” 
Fiona got up and walked back over to where Lee still stood. She kissed him gently on the cheek and whispered her thanks. She then went over to Jim and took him by the arm and led him away. As she left, she looked at Lee, who stood immobile, unsure if he should also take his leave, but she indicated for him to stay.
It took Lewis a few minutes before he pulled himself together, and looked up at Lee with a smile. “It’s a bit on the busy side, isn’t it?” he said, nodding to the black and tan pattern. “How did you find it?”
“Easy enough,” replied Lee, as movement returned to him and he joined Lewis at the table. “I pulled up the clan on the internet. There are quite a few different tartans you can wear, special ones for when you’re hunting, and going into battle. I was tempted to pick the battle one, but I asked Fiona which to use if I was going to get something made for you - I didn’t say what. She told me this one. ‘The Macleod of Lewis’, stressing the ancient version – the modern equivalent has gaudy yellow instead of tan – now that really was a busy little number. No wonder they nickname it the Loud Macleod!” Lee let out a snigger that quickly stopped. “Sorry ...I didn’t mean to upset you with it. I should have asked first.”
“No. It’s great – thanks,” choked Lewis. “Not for tomorrow, though. The Aussies would definitely think I was taking the piss. I’d look like Mel Gibson in Braveheart. We’ll stick with the Aboriginal ones. They’re fabulous - as are you for doing this... So you didn’t get out last night?”
“Too busy!” declared Lee. “I’m getting a bit sick of it all anyway. How was your night?”
“Interesting!” Lewis answered as another liberal dose of guilt twisted his stomach – he really needed to sort that out. “Jim’s going to retire apparently. He’s talked to Scott about taking over as my coach.”
“Yeah, Fiona mentioned it. What do you think?”
“I’m not sure. It’s probably for the best, but...”
“It is,” insisted Lee with a slap on Lewis’s shoulder. “You should be happy. Perhaps you did find it in Melbourne - what you were looking for.”
The lad looked again at the fabric – The Loud Macleod that screamed of home – here in Melbourne. What a journey he had taken to have come so far, and for the first time in a decade, to feel so close. Doubts raging, he jerked away. “Perhaps... Are you going to stay for dinner? Chantal and Marie are coming over later.”
“Sure,” agreed Lee, who then set about returning the shirts to the bag.
“Good...” said Lewis, still looking at the tartan that Lee left till last. And with guilt still gnawing for some undefined reason, he decided to try and alleviate it. “...Oh, I’ve been meaning to ask you. Didn’t you mention something about a favour you might need, a big one at that. I certainly owe it to you now. What was it? You can have anything you like for doing this.”
With his back to the lad, Lee closed his eyes and bit his lip. No! That was too selfish to ask for. Only the best man could make such a request, and Lee felt far from that. “Wear the shirts, Lewis, and win the title. I don’t want anything else,” he said instead.
Lewis shrugged his shoulders. “Fair enough – if that’s all you want then I’ll happily oblige. Let’s go outside and you can tell me all the other ideas you have. I like this one, the small company, one that I can work with rather than just be used by. It feels right. My agents wouldn’t have done that. They would have gone for the obvious money. But it’s not always about the money, is it?”
“No... I think I’ve learned that now, Lewis.”
Chapter 54
Chantal and Marie arrived shortly after six. Lewis couldn’t wait to show off his new clothes. He was like a kid at Christmas, telling them about his presents and how wonderful they were. Chantal put on a good show, having had time now to lick her wounds. She pretended to like them, but actually thought they were a bit vulgar. Marie, however, was full of genuine admiration. She loved them.
They had dinner early then Lewis raised the subject of the ladies final. “Are you up for watching the match, Chantal? See which bitch gets to borrow your crown for the year.”
“Yes, I would like to see it. It’s not a problem,” she gamely answered.
Lewis turned on the television and tuned into Channel Seven. The match was about to start – the men’s and women’s finals having been scheduled for the evening.  
“I’ll help Fiona clear away, then maybe take some air. I’ll join you towards the end for the drama,” said Marie.
“I can manage this myself, you get along, Marie,” insisted Fiona.
Not being big on domestic chores, Marie happily acquiesced. “Well, if you’re sure...  Lee, why don’t we leave the players to their game for a while?  It would be nice to have some company outside.”
Lee was less keen to make an escape, but recognised a summons when he heard one, and thought it best to acquiesce as well. “Okay. We can do our watching tomorrow. I’ll bring some wine,” he replied.
They sat themselves at the table by the pool with a near full bottle of chardonnay to share. From her bag Marie removed a packet of menthol cigarettes, a lighter, and a box that unfolded into an ashtray. She lit one up and took a long drag which she expelled with a deep appreciative sigh. “I’m supposed to have given up, so not a word to Chantal... Now tell me, how did the dinner with Scott go?”
“He’s possibly going to take over as coach,” replied Lee, surprised again at another demonstration of trust that was happening. “There’s talk of a trial period.”
Marie considered this with another lungful of smoke, the nicotine energising her brain. “And other than coaching?” she asked having expelled it into the sultry night air.
“Lewis hasn’t said anything, but he wouldn’t. He would never reveal something like that... to anyone. Anyway, Scott wouldn’t be so stupid as to raise the subject just before the final.”
Placing the cigarette in the ashtray, Marie drummed her freed fingers on the table as she pondered further. “Perhaps... Was Lewis happy about the coaching situation?”
“Not as much as you’d expect. He seemed a little subdued when he told me about it,” replied Lee. He felt uncomfortable with the conversation, and was now seriously questioning if they had acted correctly in attempting to bring Lewis and Scott together. So much manipulation with noble intent - he felt better about himself when he was acting like a complete bastard. 
“Subdued... Well, well! What do you make of that?” asked Marie as she continued to tap the table with her talons.
Lee took a sip of wine which was perfectly chilled, unlike his own flustered state. “Nerves, probably, about the match,” he then offered. “Or perhaps he’s worried about Jim. There are a lot of implications. Jim and Fiona are his family. It would be quite a wrench.”
The finger drumming stopped and the table was gently slapped. “And perhaps you are not seeing things so clearly anymore!” she snapped.
“I’m not a mind reader. Unlike you,” responded Lee, and then followed his words with a smile to counteract the testiness that had lain in his voice.  
Marie reached out and took another hit from the burning stick. “Oh, I think you are,” she said with the exhalation. “Are you regretting what we’ve done?”
“If it costs Lewis the title, then yes - this shouldn’t have happened. Not yet. Scott should have waited! We should have waited! I’m worried that we’ve played our game at the expense of Lewis’s. That was wrong. You said so yourself.”
“Yes,” agreed Marie. “We may have misjudged the timing. But Lewis would get over it - there will be other finals for him.”
“And there would have been other men,” responded Lee tartly.
Marie shook her head adamantly. “Lewis can have a string of finals, but men, no - he only wants one of those. The perfect man! He would happily sacrifice all of those finals to find such a man.”  
“Unlike me, eh?”  
“So you keep telling me, Lee.”
He held her gaze for a moment, understood the question that was asked within it, and then turned away before an answer could be betrayed. “What is it that you think I’m not seeing?” he asked.
Marie continued to look at him, after he turned from her, watching yet another battle being fought. She hesitated before deciding to intervene in this one as well, taking a final drag before stabbing the cigarette out with more than half remaining. “Scott would be unlikely to take on a coaching job, even on a trial basis, and watch Lewis go off with other men, looking for the one. I think he would have told him last night that he’d be interested in offering more than just his coaching skills.”
Lee bristled. “Then why was Lewis subdued?”
“Perhaps Scott isn’t the one for him. Or perhaps there is some other problem - compatibility. I’m not sure - you know more about such things than I do! But whatever the reason, Lewis clearly isn’t convinced.”
“Then maybe we should try to convince him,” Lee said with little conviction.
“No! It is for them to decide now. We should only interfere if we think it is wrong, and undo what we have done. Are you sure we haven’t made some hideous mistake here, pushing him towards the wrong person? What is it they say? Speak now, or forever hold your peace.”
It was a day for the truth and Lee Porter could offer nothing less. “If I knew what it was then I’d say I was in love with him, but I don’t, so I can’t be. There’s nothing pure: it’s all mixed up. Greed, lust, pride, they’re all in there. I don’t know what’s going on anymore... A joke really, wouldn’t you say... I started out with a plan: take what I wanted and bugger the consequences... But I didn’t get what I wanted, not what I really wanted in the end... And now the consequences are buggering me. What goes around comes around, eh?”
“You must tell him.”
“It wouldn’t make any difference. He’s told me what he thinks of me, and he’s right. I wouldn’t trust myself, so how could I ask Lewis to trust me. How could I ask him to believe that I wouldn’t hurt him, if I don’t believe it myself? It’s better this way.”
“You surprise me. I would have expected you to stop at nothing to get what you wanted.”
“That’s what I am doing. I want him to be happy.”
“And dinner with Scott Taylor has made him happy? He seems happy enough with the clothes, though. At least you are getting some things right.”
The ladies final was a relatively one-sided affair, won in straight sets, after which the ex-champion and her partner left for their hotel. It was almost ten, so Lee decided to share the cab with them and take it on to his own hotel. Once they had gone, Lewis went into his room, and he was quickly followed by Fiona.
“I’ve brought these clothes in for you, Lewis. I’ll put them away then I’ll leave you in peace. You’ll probably want to have an early night.”
“Yeah, I think it would be best.”
Fiona busied herself folding the clothes into drawers, playing the role of mother, even though she was not. It was her maternal instincts that forced her to speak now and honour a promise she had made.
“It was good of Lee to do this. He’s put a lot of work in. These are maybe not to my taste, but they’re something very special. He knew what he was doing.”
“Yes, they’re great. He’s full of surprises,” said Lewis, as he wandered over to give her a hand with the clothes.
“Like working last night instead of going out - that would have been a surprise to you.”
“You’re right there,” snorted Lewis in full agreement.
“Perhaps he isn’t all you make him out to be, Lewis. He seems happy enough to spend his time with you just now. I’m sure he’d like to spend more time with you if you gave him a chance - stay overnight perhaps...” She saw Lewis flinch and the onset of a blush. “...Oh, I’m not that prudish, Lewis, it would hardly shock me. You seem to like each other that much. Maybe you should give him a chance and let him show you he can be trusted. He might surprise you, just like he’s done with a lot of things.”
Lewis handed her the last of the shirts which he had just removed from the bag then walked off to stare out of the window. He saw nothing of the outside, only an image again, the one of his own creation on Burns Night: Australia Day fireworks and fornication that had somehow managed to escape the tabloids. 
“I was going to...” he choked out. “Going to give him a chance... That first night when he came here... but he didn’t come back... nor did he show up at the practice the following day. Something better must have turned up... like it always would do.”
Fiona looked on the back that was turned to her and fought her instincts, no less strong for being surrogate, to take him in her arms and crush his pain away. But reason took over, and words, not arms were used. 
“He went back to his hotel, Lewis. He was thinking about you and what the papers would say.”
“They said it anyway... No, I was tempted then, but as I said, something better came along, that’s why he didn’t show up till the following afternoon. I set him straight then, and that’s how it’s going to stay.”
Fiona let out a deep sigh, not having realised the extent of his self-torture. Well at least now she could put him right on the matter. “Oh, so you think he was with someone else do you? I would imagine you’re right! I’m sure he was seeing another man, but not at night, the following morning. Not something better. I’d be surprised if he could come up with anything better to be doing... but something more important.”
Lewis turned round to see her sitting on the edge of his bed, a shirt still in her hands. “What do you mean, more important: his business?”
“No, not his business, you dithering idiot... Yours!”
Lewis shook his head refusing to accept. “He didn’t start any of this stuff till after then, that afternoon when I told him about losing my sponsor.”
“Och, Lewis, can you not remember what happened that day? Lee didn’t turn up at your practice, but someone else did.”
“You mean Scott? He changed his mind.”
“Aye, he did. I wonder why?”
Lewis gawped at her, his heart now racing, guilt again tearing – why did he always feel so bloody guilty about Lee – I’ve fucked well over a thousand men - Porter? “No! No! Lee wouldn’t have gone to see him. They don’t know each other, they’ve never met,” he insisted.
“Is that so?” she batted back – the simplest of returns, letting him see for himself the way things were.
“Did Lee say he’d done this?” asked Lewis, starting to accept the possibility.
Fiona shook her head. “No. But I did tell him how important Scott was to you. Told him that I thought you’d lose the match against Gonzales. Not because you weren’t good enough, you proved that you were, I had no doubts there; but because you couldn’t take that sort of rejection, not fresh as it was, onto the court and play well enough to win. You never could.”
Lewis stared at her intently, searching for a flaw, his heart now galloping like crazy, his knees almost buckling under the weight of realisation. “He would have had a motive. That’s if he actually did this.”
Fiona rose and put the last shirt away before resting both hands on Lewis’s shoulders, looking up into his eyes as she delivered her final lines. “Perhaps he had a motive other than wanting you to win. He’s been up front about that as well. But I don’t think it would have been the main motive. Another man might have welcomed the split between you and Scott. Seen him as a rival and taken advantage of the situation, of the rejection you were feeling, just like you wanted him to. But a man that can put that aside, put your needs before his, that’s a man that I would trust… Oh, he might have a shady past, but that’s all it is… the past… history. I was never that bothered so much with history, the future always seemed more interesting. Now I’ll leave you in peace. Goodnight, Lewis.”
Leave him in peace! Not much chance of that – but she had certainly left him with something to think about. Two things in fact: The Body Perfect Englishman and The American Idol, but which one was really The Best Man for Lewis Macleod? They both had faults which perhaps could be rectified. But could either somehow raise his game to become The Perfect Man? He’d mused from time to time about combining the two, for between them they certainly had all the qualities that Lewis was looking for. Flights of fantasy had to be ruled out though. One more day and the tournament would be over, and win or lose, a decision would be needed. 
Chapter 55
The morning of the final had been a busy one for Lee Porter. Taking full advantage of the hotel’s facilities, he’d enjoyed a hearty breakfast then spent a couple of hours in the gym, finishing his morning with a leisurely swim in the rooftop pool. The afternoon would be occupied as well – lunch had been arranged with Chantal and Marie after which he planned to do some shopping. Lee was happy for these diversions – they took his mind off the fact that Lewis had called first thing and asked him to stay away during the day, citing Scott Taylor as the reason. He didn’t want the American getting flustered by Lee’s presence, which was fair enough – the boy had to be single-minded in his approach to the big day, and Lee was the obvious sacrifice. They would meet at Melbourne Park before the match... and after that? After the match they would get on with their lives, which was something Lee didn’t want to think too much about.
But before he got ready for his lunch date, Lee needed to speak to a couple of people. Whilst he’d been exercising there had been numerous missed calls – two individuals in particular being rather persistent. Lee was pretty sure he knew what one was about. The other was more of a mystery, but could only be bad news.
The first person he rang was Anthony Jenkins, who was in a rather tetchy mood. He had paid out handsomely last night for the services of a man who had turned out to be rather disappointing. Anthony was also rather miffed at Lee, and his frustration had intensified during the course of the morning as his repeated calls were ignored. 
In actual fact Anthony should be thanking Mr. Porter. Lewis Macleod’s agents had called him late on Saturday to confirm that Lewis would wear HIM Clothing’s new range of tennis shirts at the final, and would sign contracts the following week. A few minor changes were required to the ones he had drafted with Lee, but on the whole it was an amazing coup, and HIM Clothing would have on their payroll a re-emerging superstar at very favourable terms. Anthony Jenkins would be the toast of the company for landing such a deal. The designs were already thought to be a master stroke, and everyone predicted they would be an enormous success, even if they didn’t appear tonight on Lewis Macleod’s back. But to be worn by the Australian Open finalist, and possibly even the champion - that would be the most incredible piece of advertising, and Anthony had got it for the price of a few inexpensive paintings. But Anthony wanted more - he wanted the double hit of Macleod and Porter. He wanted Lewis to make real his marketing dream and say those words after the match which could then allow them to use the slogan alongside pictures of Lee in their clothing: ‘What makes the perfect man? ...HIM!’
The Perfect Man campaign was still a very attractive angle, which, if combined with Lewis endorsing the shirts and other products, could propel HIM Clothing into the big league and make everyone a fortune. Unfortunately, Lee Porter had delayed authorising the use of the photo shoot material, and now was refusing to play ball. If Anthony’s piece of hairy trade had been a disappointment - that was nothing compared to the horror of the message he had received early this morning, informing him that Lee was backing out of the campaign and refused point blank for his image to be used in association with the clothing. It took all of Anthony’s self control not to scream down the line once he heard Lee Porter’s voice.  
“Good morning, Anthony. I understand you have been trying to reach me. Sorry, but I’ve been a little busy. How can I help you? I trust you got the good news about Lewis wearing the clothing tonight.”
“Yes, I did. Thank you. We very much appreciate your help in landing this deal. Will he wear all of the shirts tonight?” asked Anthony working his way in to the crux of the call.
“Not necessarily - if it only goes to three sets then some may not be needed. You’ll get three at least on display. That should be enough to grab the public’s attention. And he’ll only wear the Aboriginal designs. The other one didn’t go down so well.”
“Thank goodness for that!” exclaimed Anthony. He had been mortified when he’d seen the tartan shirt and had no desire to have it promoted. “And what about yourself, Mr. Porter - how can I tempt you to authorise the use of our photo shoot? It came as a major disappointment to hear that you were backing out. I thought this was what you wanted. You would become famous and very rich no doubt. And with his endorsement of the clothing it will help Lewis as well. Everyone would benefit - this reluctance is most unbecoming.”
“It’s all a fake, Anthony. You don’t need the fake anymore. You’ve got the real thing. Lewis will do a shoot for you next week before he leaves Australia. Use that for the launch - it will be more effective, we both know that.”
“True, but I want you both.”
“We don’t always get what we want, Anthony. Sorry, but that’s the end of the matter.”
“Twice in the space of one day: how thoroughly unsatisfactory.”
The next call Lee made was to the apartment in Sydney. Gus, who was the unofficial second in command, gave Lee the bad news that Joey had brought back an unsavoury lot from the club and things got totally out of hand. The place got trashed, and Joey had subsequently disappeared.
“So, boss, we’re down to five, although Joey might come back. I doubt it, though - he’s taken all of his belongings and all of the kitty money as well, so I reckon he’s scarpered. What shall I do?”
“Kill the bastard if you see him... Look, just stay low for tonight. No adventures. I’ll be back on Monday. We can sort things out from there.”
“And what about you, boss?”
“Stop calling me that!”
“Sorry. What about you, Lee. How are things working out with the fabulous Lewis?”
“They’re not. I’ll see you on Monday. Thanks for letting me know, Gus. Have a nice day... and watch the tennis tonight.”
“Okay, boss man Lee. Enjoy the game.”
Gus hung up.
“It’s a match!” said Lee into the dead phone. ‘The game’s over... And guess what... I lost!”
Chapter 56
Scott Taylor’s day was pretty busy as well. He added his help to the preparatory team: Jim, Mike and the other specialists that were called upon to get Lewis physically and mentally ready for the final. From a working breakfast where tactics were revisited and Lewis’s intake was carefully monitored, Scott and Jim settled down to analyse Tommy Jackson’s route to the final, searching for a weakness that perhaps could be targeted. Sadly they found nothing to give much cheer – he had reached the final with the loss of only one set and his form looked as solid as ever. 
Shadowing Jim, the new coach in waiting checked on the player from time to time. Lewis was being helped to relax by a masseur who worked on his body, and a sports psychologist who worked on his mind, with Mike in attendance constantly monitoring, making sure his energy and hydration levels were right.
People came and went. Calls were fielded. Food was prepared and carefully eaten. The house was a hive of activity whilst Lewis was kept in a protective bubble. Scott took part and did his bit whilst watching it with a sense of unease. It wasn’t exactly a typical day, but it brought it home to him what he already knew - that a tennis player’s life involves a multitude of people, not just a coach who might have an extra string to his bow. A champion like Lewis would be surrounded by people, even in the privacy of his home. How could Scott possibly have a relationship with the lad and keep it secret from the inner circle? People would have to know, or someone would guess, and then a trickle of gossip would lead to a deluge. From passively curious to actively bi-sexual, Scott would soon be outed and classed as a full-blown queer – the paparazzi constantly at their door.
They already were! They were camped outside. Scott had run the gauntlet when he’d arrived first thing, and had to do it again as they left for Melbourne Park shortly after lunch for a practice session. And even there the media hounded them, watching on as Scott took Lewis through his paces. Perhaps that’s why it seemed so different – much less relaxed, a tension between them, Lewis all over the place with no focus on what he was doing, splaying shots wildly or finding the net too often. Media intrusion had a role to play, but Scott knew it was more than that. The nature of their relationship had radically changed and it didn’t sit easy on the tennis court. They shared a secret which was only intent at the moment, and he felt awkward enough about that. What would it be like when they took it further: starting with bed and the experiment of sex; then all being well, into a deeper relationship? In theory it should be the making of them, but right at that moment it seemed like it was ruining Lewis’s game... and it wasn’t just Scott who was aware of it.
Alongside Mike Crawford, Jim Murdoch had been watching anxiously from the stand, not at all happy about what he was witnessing. So it came as no surprise to Scott when the incumbent coach, whose job it still was, brought the session to an early close and declared that Lewis would be better relaxing back at the house. No one was of a mind to disagree, especially Scott Taylor.
But Lewis didn’t seem able to relax, no matter how hard the masseur and sports shrink worked on him. And Scott couldn’t relax either, his mind constantly flicking between the match ahead and the life that would then potentially follow – a life with Lewis, but who else would be involved? It would be oh so simple if he declared himself: no need for secrets; no need for lies. But the consequences of admission were riddled with horror – at least while his elderly parents were alive. Could he seriously expect Lewis to accept this? Was it possible for the lad to reach his full potential whilst holding their guilty secret? How long would it take anyway before it got exposed? The question raged again – was it really all worth it? He’d thought the answer was yes – definitely the trial period where curiosity would be satisfied, and almost certainly ratified. But in the cold light of day where tennis took centre place, Scott found himself questioning if he’d been wrong to pursue it. Had he created a situation through selfish lust that perhaps one night would have satisfied, which had ended up backfiring spectacularly, with Lewis’s chances of winning the title as the main casualty? Was Lewis wound up because of him? Why couldn’t the lad relax?
And it proved too much for him when a suggestion was made by another member of the inner circle who smiled at him knowingly before she delivered her blow.
“It’s a shame Lee isn’t here,” was Fiona’s view. “He always seems to get Lewis relaxed by talking a load of drivel at times. Cheaper than a sports psychologist as well – maybe something to think about for the future – involving a friend who actually understands that he needs more than tennis in his life.”
Scott left shortly afterwards to go and freshen up at the Langham. It had been a sobering experience, and one that he seriously needed to think through.
Chapter 57
Routines, rituals, superstitions – the day of a big final can be full of such things, especially if it’s played in the evening and too many hours are there to be filled. Lewis had adhered to the routines around food and exercise and his bodily functions, trying to practise and relax, taking an afternoon nap, getting his kit ready, and saying a few words to the media. Too young and inexperienced to know any better, he allowed himself to be processed by supposed experts, only one of whom had actually been there in Lewis’s shoes. Like a good believer he acted on faith, hoping it would work and he’d be ready. It was just another match after all – an important match, but just another match. That’s why routines are so important. 
So was that why everyone was making such a fuss? Because it was just another match!
It didn’t seem like that to Lewis. He was edgy for most of the day - especially on the practice court with Scott as his hitting partner. That thankfully short session didn’t feel routine in the slightest – there were too many issues being batted back and forwards – there was tension in every ball sent over the net. No wonder Lewis was firing so many of his shots wild. It had become so complex with his American idol, and Lewis needed to keep things simple. He needed to clear his mind of all the questions that raged, and focus only on one thing until after the final.
Following the same rituals was supposed to help with that. Some players were obsessive and it apparently worked for them, doing the simplest things to a prescribed pattern – like dressing in a certain order, tying left shoelace first; or when on court bouncing the ball a set number of times before a serve. For Lewis it was his kit bag – that always had to be right. No one but no one could interfere with that. He liked everything the way it should be, and certainty it was all there: the various drinks he would take and a variety of snacks; the tennis equipment beyond the rackets; and of course the clothing he would wear. Spares of everything would be taken: shoes, socks, sweat bands and shorts, and a whole selection of shirts to be changed into as the match progressed. Lewis liked to place them in the order they’d be worn in – but now that had become complex as well. Instead of simplicity – each one the same – he had a whole variety to chose from, all different styles and designs. Oddly enough though, it helped to settle his mind, looking and deciding – coming up with a choice. 
But with the bag almost packed, there was a last minute change. A break in the ritual! That could be dangerous if superstition was allowed to play its mischievous head-messing game. Yet somehow it seemed right when he added the last item – a sealed envelope, inside which was a photograph of a perfect man. Once installed in its place of honour at the top of the bag, he went back to his wardrobe and took out another shirt which was placed at the bottom of the bag.
Routines and ritual – but what about superstition? Was Macleod totally immune to such nonsense? Of course not! Just for luck and to cover his odds, Lewis said a quick prayer to a God he no longer believed in, crossing himself like a good Catholic at the end... And that as they say, was that!
Another ritual was required at Melbourne Park before Lewis was able to get on with business and take to the court in the Rod Laver Arena. Within the stadium complex a room had been set aside and a small party of supporters and good-wishers had gathered, combating nerves with complimentary drinks and an array of nibbles. Lewis joined them for a few minutes before heading to the locker room, after which it would be down to him and the crowd, and any superstition he cared to take with him. There were plenty of handshakes and slaps on the back, even a few hugs and a couple of kisses. Advice was given that he’d heard before and good wishes came at him from all directions – only two men in the throng seemed a little detached, standing at opposite corners of the room.
Lewis went to Scott first. A hand shake was offered – all very formal, all very straight. 
“This is a little awkward,” said Lewis with a smile as they shook.
“Yeah, sorry... How are you? You didn’t seem too comfortable earlier,” Scott asked, anxiety written all over his handsome freckly face.
“Best to get those sorts of shots out of the way with,” Lewis answered. “I think I’m all right now. How are you?”
“Worried,” was the American’s response, “Worried about a lot of things - mainly that I might have blown it for you tonight. I was stupid – I shouldn’t have...”
Still gripping his hand, Lewis pulled his American idol forward and wrapped his left arm round his back. “Don’t worry about a thing, Scott,” he whispered into his ear. “Whatever is meant to be will be. We’ll have a chat later. And thank you – thank you for everything.”
Then he let him go.
Like everyone else, Lee had watched all this, wondering exactly what was being said - and making his assumptions, he had to force a smile when Lewis next came to him. “Do I get a hug as well?” he cheekily asked.
“Of course you do.”
No need for appearances here – these men were openly queer, so it was a full embrace that they gave each other – arms round backs and cheek to cheek. “You know,” whispered Lee as he held him, “you don’t need to wear the shirt, Lewis, or win the match. He’s proud of you anyway. How could he not be?”
“Thank you... for that; and for everything you’ve done.”
“Good luck, mate!”
Then he let him go as well. But Lee Porter wasn’t finished.
“Oh Lewis! I almost forgot. I’m sure you won’t need it – but I got you this just in case.”
He produced a small box from his jacket pocket – part of another suit which he’d bought earlier for the occasion. Lewis opened it to find a piece of lucky heather held on a silver badge, in the centre of which was a burning sun with a face on it, around which in a circle was some Latin wording.
“I recognise this as well – it’s the same as on my dad’s kilt pin,” said Lewis on examining it.
“The Macleod crest badge,” Lee explained. “It’s amazing what you can find in the shops in this town. A golden sun in splendour is what I was told – it seems appropriate.”
Lewis sheepishly smiled. “Thank you... And what about this: I BIRN QUHIL I SE? I suppose that’s the clan motto. Jim knows Latin...”
“It means ‘I burn but am not consumed’,” interrupted Lee. “I looked it up. So off you go and burn up the final – shine like the golden son in splendour.”
Routines, rituals, and most of all superstitions – what would a tennis final be without them?
Chapter 58
It was the noise that struck him first as fifteen thousand voices rang around the stadium - then the artificial light, flashing of cameras, the heat and the humidity all added to the effect.
Despite the heat, Lewis kept on his new training jacket, which covered the shirt that lay beneath. It stayed there as the umpire called the players to the net for the toss, which Jackson won, electing to serve. It was only removed as the warm up began and the shirt was revealed. Each side displayed a dancing white skeleton and a pair of yellow crossed spears, over a background pattern in hues of brown and red. On the front, the skeleton was upright, and on the back a sort of handstand was being performed. It took a few moments for those seated nearest the court to see the design and react to it, but slowly the cheers started, and grew louder as realisation spread further back. Then the stadium erupted as on the big screen the camera zoomed in on Lewis and everyone could see the design. Following his ritual, Lewis acknowledged the cries with a smile and a nod, and then blocked them out. Lee had been right. The crowd loved it. He had given him a key: loud and proud - now it was time to play.
It took a couple of games for both men to settle down and find their range and touch: Lewis having to fight the hardest to hold his opening serve. But both quickly got into their rhythm and started going for their shots, testing each other out, biding their time, waiting for a glimmer of an opportunity to be pounced on.
Nothing came. There was some fabulous tennis but no real threat to either player’s serve. A tie-break was the inevitable conclusion to the opening set. Again this went with serve until the change of ends at three all. Jackson rushed to get to the other side - he liked to be there and waiting, forcing the pace – a little ritual that Lewis was perfectly aware of. Lewis normally rushed as well, as that was the nature of his game – but on this occasion he took his time, stopping for a drink at his chair, which technically wasn’t allowed, but no one ever enforced the rule. He calmed himself as he walked to the other end – the serve was with him, and a lapse in concentration at this critical stage could see the set go. After almost an hour of hard graft from both players, only a few points would now decide who took the opener. 
Five bounces of the ball then wallop! Not quite an ace, but Jackson’s return had no control on it and flew well over the line. “4-3 Macleod,” came the umpire’s call. The pressure was now well and truly with the American. 
A wallop came back at him! Lewis got nowhere near it. Jackson’s fifth ace of the match levelled the score.  
Wallop again!
“Out!” called the line judge – a welcome cry to young Macleod’s ears. 
Pressure! Pressure! Keep the pressure on! Lewis moved in for an all out attack on the second serve - half a step nearer than he’d stood to return the earlier ones. 
A rush of blood perhaps, such things can happen, even to the most phlegmatic of player’s - but as he saw Lewis step forward for the return, Jackson went for too much and the serve went long. An unexpected gift that was graciously accepted. Lewis calmed himself down, and with balls of granite, served out to take the opening set.
The Aussie crowd went crazy! They had really taken to the underdog Scotsman with his notorious reputation, tattooed sleeve, flamboyant biff bash tennis, and even more flamboyant Aboriginal gear. Few thought that he’d actually go on to win, but he was certainly going to put up a heck of a good show. It would be no one-sided affair like the previous night’s final. 
The cheering subsided as the players took to their chairs, but rang out again, along with a splattering of good-natured wolf whistles, as Lewis pulled out another shirt from his bag and changed into it. His personal favourite: the Emu Ghosts. He’d chosen this as a potential moral boaster in case he lost the first set like he’d done at Wimbledon. Superstition demanded that he didn’t change the order, however, so now it would be used instead to ride the momentum having taken the early lead. Getting to his feet, Lewis acknowledged the cheering crowd with a smile. Then he refocused - it was only one set that he had won, and he was far from home.
Only one set, but Jackson was rocking. The pressure was really on now and Lewis could see that the American’s forehand was starting to waver as the second set kicked off: some uncharacteristic mistakes being made with it. He tested it out and forced more errors, and in the third game got a break before Jackson had time to regroup. It was no easy procession through the rest of the set, but Lewis staved off the break points that were forced and held on to win 6-4. One more set and he would be champion. Perhaps another upset was on the cards!
Tommy Jackson was not the world’s number one player without good reason, however, and he had no intension of handing it to Lewis on a plate. He had been in these situations before and prevailed, and he aimed to do just that as the third set commenced. In the commentary boxes, people said that Lewis had scented victory too soon, pressed too quickly for his winners and paid the price. A couple of unforced errors in his second service game gifted Jackson the break he desperately needed, and with it the sort of momentum shift that he had ridden in the past all the way to the end. Lewis battled to get back the break, but with the rising confidence of his opponent, there were increasingly fewer opportunities to do so. The set went to Jackson, six games to three.
Jackson struck again in the opening game of the forth. Lewis could have done with the Emu Men at that point to lift his spirits, but had settled for the fish design that superstition demanded. 
“He might be winning the fashion show, but the match is slipping away now,” was the verdict from ABC following the break. 
Again Lewis fought, but to no avail, the Jackson serve remained solid throughout and salt was rubbed into the wound as Lewis lost his own serve again at 5-3 and the set 6-3. Not only had he conceded the set, but had gifted the advantage of starting the decider to Jackson.
At the change of ends before the final set, Lewis sat and tried to gather himself. Digging into his kit bag, he found the next shirt – the Emu Men again! If it got to this stage then he’d need inspiration - that was the logic... But did he need a repeat – would these men be enough? A glance at the envelope raised a temptation – but no – that was too sacred – it could never be allowed! Only on victory could that man come out. Then in the flashing lights that were all around he saw something glimmer – it was the Macleod clan badge – the sun in splendour holding the piece of lucky heather. 
‘Seems to have lost its potency,’ thought Lewis as he gave the heather a rub anyway. Then deciding that it could do no harm, he slipped it into his right pocket, keeping the left still free for a tennis ball during serve. 
“Time!” called the umpire.
Wanting to rush, riding the momentum and his own superstition, Jackson jogged to the baseline from which he would serve. Lewis held back though, to the irritation of the umpire who called “Time!” again. He stood up to pacify the man, stripped off his sweat drenched shirt and made to put on the one he dug out. But then he changed his mind. 
‘No sod it!’ he thought. ‘Superstition be damned! Loud and proud, even in defeat if that’s what’s in store... and if so, then this son is going to go down burning in the Loud Macleod!’
The black and tan tartan shirt was put on, and there was another roar as Lewis walked onto court – the crowd acknowledging this change of theme, and thinking it only proper. 
Tommy Jackson paid no heed to the fashion show theatrics, and settled down to close out the match which had turned dramatically in his favour. He held his serve comfortably, and then changed ends with the aim of keeping the momentum going and breaking Lewis again. It was a critical game - both players knew it - a game that could decide the outcome, certainly if it went to Jackson. He pressed hard, forcing Lewis to dig deep for the volleys from the returns of serve, but Lewis made enough of them to level the match.
The pattern of the first set was now repeated. Each game going with serve, but Lewis’s always being the one that was most at threat. As in the first, six games all was reached: an epic final - one to be remembered. Lewis had been taken to deuce on his last two service games, but had staved off the break point that might have seen the end, for they would have been championship points as well. No tie-break to decide it this time, they would play on until a conclusion was reached by two clear games. 
As he awaited the serve, Lewis could hear Scott’s voice in his head. ‘Keep the pressure on, make him crack.’ With that in mind, he zoned in on the forehand again. Normally the stronger side, but he took a gamble, hoped for a crack to reappear.
 It did.
One shot from Jackson found the net then another drifted just wide of the tramline. The defending champion served his way back to thirty all, but on the next point, Lewis fired his own forehand down the line and clipped the baseline before Jackson could reach it. Most other players would have challenged the call and hoped for a technical blip from Hawkeye, but not Tommy Jackson. His eyes had never left the ball, and he knew better than anyone that the shot had landed in. Challenging would only upset his rhythm and underline the fact that he was in desperate trouble. 
Now the pressure was really on, the first break point that Jackson had faced in the set. But the pressure weighed not just on him. On the other side of the net, a young man clad in tartan stood with his back to the court, desperately trying to calm himself. He had played such points before - but try as he did, the magnitude of this one could not be ignored, nor could the crowd whose mixture of calls in support of each player rained down on him. The crowd were important, and they were playing their part, for it was his own name that he heard far more than the other. With a pounding heart he turned round to face the serve, still willing himself to find some calm: then one more shot.
The first serve went wide on Lewis’s backhand side, and once again the crowd roared. Almost a minute passed before they could be silenced. Jackson again went to his backhand with the second serve, expecting it returned with heavy slice, cross court, to his own backhand, forcing him to play the next shot, keeping the pressure up. But Lewis threw caution to the wind and went down the line with the shot he had fine tuned against Livyenko. Jackson scurried to retrieve it, and floated the ball high over the net with the aim of buying himself some time to recover his position. It would have worked against most other players, who would have remained at the baseline ready to hit the next ground stroke. But Lewis was a net court man, and that’s where he stood, instinct and adrenalin having taken him there, before natural talent put the smash away.
Lewis sat quietly at the change over - eyes closed, trying to block everything out - trying to ignore the frantic roaring of the crowd who now scented victory for their newly adopted son. He forced himself not to think of that victory and all that it meant, but instead envisaged the points: saw where he would place the serves, and the volleys that would hopefully win the rallies. 
Four points later, having turned the vision into reality, Lewis Macleod sank to his knees, the new Australian Open champion.
Chapter 59
Ten minutes later, Lewis was back in his chair, smiling up at the crowd, enjoying the moment and trying to take it all in. The preparation for the presentations had been completed and the players were being called forward. Tommy Jackson went first to receive his runners-up trophy and a handsome cheque, the value of which would be added to the already impressive numbers which comprised his Swiss bank accounts. As was only to be expected, he was gracious in defeat, congratulating Lewis on his second Grand Slam title, and saying how he looked forward to the many other finals he now expected to be meeting him in. The crowd cheered their old champion, knowing he would be back. 
Now was the moment – now came the rush!
“Ladies and gentlemen,” said Cliff Drysdale, who was having his own moment, and an embarrassing one at that, although he did his best to make amends for his earlier stance. “We’ve had a fabulous tournament this year, and witnessed some great matches here at Melbourne Park during the fortnight, but I’m sure you’ll all agree with me, that the best was certainly saved till last. I’d like to thank Lewis and Tommy for giving us such a thrilling final. It was a classic, boys!
“Our champion this year has had to do it the hard way, both on and off the court. Not many people expected him to be here in the final today, and probably even fewer expected him to win, but he’s proved us all wrong. Ladies and gentlemen… the new Australian Open Champion… Lewis Macleod!”
Lewis walked over to receive the trophy, his bowed head concealing the grin that covered his face. He shook hands with Cliff Drysdale then accepted the silver cup. 
As once before, he looked at a trophy, and saw his name etched onto the roll of honour – that was good, but there was no eruption this time. As once before, he kissed the cup then held it aloft for all to see. Slowly he rotated, until at last he saw the man who had sat there throughout and watched. There was no need this time to look to the sky – on this occasion Lewis dedicated his triumph to the living. And then his face erupted with happiness – a picture of joy as he kissed the cup. 
Cliff Drysdale invited Mr. Kim, vice president of KIA Motors, to present the winner’s cheque, which Lewis gleefully took and placed in the silverware. Then the interviewer wandered over to hear what he had to say.
“Congratulations, Lewis, a great victory. How does it feel to be a Grand Slam winner again?”
“Pretty amazing!” he said with a shake of his head. “It hasn’t quite sunk in...” He paused for a moment and tried to let it do so. Who would care if there were no more words? Who would care if he just stood there, dumbstruck? He had done enough. But the words came - more considered this time, and much less dramatic.
“It was an incredible match... I can’t remember ever being involved in one as exciting as that... or as sporting.” Then with a look towards his vanquished opponent, he added, “Thank you, Tommy - it was a privilege. You’ve been such an inspiration to me, and all the players. I’m sure you’ll be back in the final again, and get your hands on this trophy once more.”
He waited a few moments for the renewed applause for the ex-champion to subside then continued, “Before I forget. I should also thank the organisers for doing such a great job over the past fortnight, and the sponsors for this cheque. Very tidy! I intend to put it to good use... I want to thank the fans as well, for their support... for all the players that have been here over the fortnight... and especially those here today, for accepting me the way you did. That was very special... thank you.”
After another round of cheering, Lewis turned to face his supporters. “Of course I have to give the biggest thanks to those people over there that made this all possible for me. Everyone had a part to play: Jim, Scott, Mike, Fiona, Chantal, Marie and Lee. Remove one name... and you would have to remove my name from this trophy. But if there’s one person that has done more to help me get my name on it, then it’s only right that his name is on here as well. Mr. Scott Taylor. You have my eternal thanks for what you have given me this fortnight.”
More cheering followed as Scott took his bow. 
“It looked for a moment that it might be slipping away from you, Lewis - it was one heck of a comeback,” the interviewer then prompted.
“You can never write Tommy off. I’m just glad that I managed to hang in there at the end. It really could have gone either way. I had some luck with me today,” answered Lewis, his right hand involuntarily dropping to his side, just to confirm that it was still there in his pocket.
“A bit of inspiration from the shirts as well, perhaps?”
“They are inspiring. Aren’t they!” enthused Lewis, beaming another champion smile. “It was a privilege to wear them: a privilege to wear them here, in Australia. Dreamtime! That’s what this is for me.”
“A change at the end - is this the Macleod tartan?” the interviewer asked, nodding at the shirt Lewis still wore despite it being drenched in sweat 
“The Loud Macleod!” laughed Lewis. “I think it suits me.”
After the crowd laughter died down, a throw-away question was asked, expecting some bland throw-away answer. “You mentioned earlier that you hoped to put the prize money to good use. What do you have in store for it, Lewis?”
Lewis took a moment then decided what the hell – they would learn about it soon enough, and he was learning the art of promoting himself – the tide was turning dramatically on that one! “Well, I was lucky enough to go along to a gallery and see some of the incredible works of art that the other shirts are based on. It wasn’t my idea to do them. I have to thank my friend Lee for having the imagination to create the designs. It’s not on the shirts, but there was one painting in particular that I really liked, and as luck would have it - it’s up for sale. Fortunately this cheque will more than cover it - leaving me with a few quid to spare for the party that’s going to happen. It’s one of the most unbelievable things I’ve ever seen, by an artist called Clifford Possum Tjapaltjarri. It inspired me, and I’m sure it will inspire other people... so it shouldn’t be tucked away in someone’s house. It belongs in Melbourne, and that’s why I’m going to donate it to the National Gallery of Victoria. It’s just round the corner from here, so when I come back next year, I can go in there before my matches and hopefully find the inspiration again to get to the final. It’s titled, ‘Man’s Love Story’, which is a good name for it. When I see it, it will remind me of my own love story with this tournament, and with this country.”
It took some time for the cheering to subside after that one – the boy Macleod was going down a treat, unconsciously raising his profile even higher in the public’s, and the marketing men’s minds. Eventually there was a hush, allowing the interviewer to ask the final, inevitable questions. “Lewis, you mentioned Scott Taylor. There’s been a lot of speculation in the press that he’s being groomed to take over from Jim Murdoch as your new coach. Any comment?”
“The press! God bless them. I’ll let them speculate a bit more I think. It’s what they’re good at.”
“And what about all the other speculation, Lewis - was it the perfect day?”
He beamed another smile – the lad’s happiness personified. “No, not quite - I’ll have to keep trying for that one. But in six months time, when hopefully I’m facing Tommy again in the final at Wimbledon... if he’s still there in the box watching me - then I think that will be as close as I’ll ever get… Thank you.”     
Chapter 60
Lewis finally got back to the house after midnight, in the company of Jim who had stayed with him throughout all the media frenzy. Once they had battled their way past the photographers who had assembled outside the driveway, they made the safety of the door and found everyone inside, the champagne already flowing. 
“A toast then!” Jim said, once a flute for him and Lewis had been poured. “To the new Australian Open Champion! Well done, Lewis.”
“To Lewis!” echoed the group.
“Thanks. And thanks again for helping me do it. I meant what I said. This wouldn’t have happened without you all. Cheers!”
He took his first sip, relishing the explosion of gas in his mouth and the familiar relaxation that hit his body as the alcohol entered his blood and was rushed to a demanding brain. The prodigal friend had returned, and was welcomed in silence. No words were needed to convey the joy of that reunion. Lewis was sorely tempted to down the lot - the first of many before oblivion took over. Surely tonight was a night to wallow in cups and forsake the chalice, just for one day. Tempted indeed, but one sip was all he took.
Fiona played hostess and brought out some food. She had optimistically stocked the fridge in the hope that it would be needed. They all settled down to glory in the match and pay tribute to the victor. Jim recounted it, shot by shot, whilst in the periphery, allies whispered on other subjects. The champagne flowed, but not too freely, and no one fretted as Lewis slowly drained his glass and asked for a second. The lad was in control – and he deserved a few. Another thirty minutes passed before that was finished. 
As he placed the empty flute in front of him, Lewis looked over to Jim and rhetorically quizzed, as he knew fine well the answer, “Is there such a thing as a dram in the house, Jim? Don’t worry! I’ll only be having the one.”
“Aye, Lewis.  I can get you a dram. I’ll bring the bottle through.” 
Jim went into his room where the whisky was hidden, returning apprehensively a few moments later. The bottle was offered around, but only Jim along with Lewis was up for it. A double was poured out for each of them, and one handed to Lewis.
“Two glasses for me, Jim, if you don’t mind.”
The room hushed as Jim looked at the lad nervously, predictions of a ruined night abounding. Only Fiona could guess immediately what was happening.
“It’s fine, Jim!” she assured her husband. “Just give Lewis the second glass. It’s a whisky that’s needed now, not champagne.”
Jim handed Lewis the glass that he had poured for himself, he no longer had any taste for it. It was accepted with thanks then Lewis stood up and walked over to the patio doors. He turned round to the silent group before making his exit, and smiled at them reassuringly. “Just carry on without me for a bit. Don’t worry - I’m not going to get pissed. I just want a few minutes on my own.”
He went over to the table by the pool and placed the glasses on top of it. They remained untouched for several minutes whilst he gazed up at the Southern Cross. Then from out of his pocket he removed the sealed envelope, opened it and freed his perfect man, as he had done just the once before, for only in triumph would he allow such a reward. The photograph was rested on one of the glasses; the other was lifted and saluted with.
“Sláinte mhaith,” Lewis toasted. Good health in Gaelic – one of the few phrases he still remembered. Then a swig was taken of the fiery brew.
“A malt!” declared Lewis having swilled and swallowed. “I think I’m paying Murdoch too much! What do you reckon?”
He ignored the photograph, because that was only an image. Instead he looked to the sky for an answer - so different from the one he remembered gazing at as a boy, cradled in strong arms as he was told names of constellations. Ten thousand miles he had travelled to see it, and soon it would be time to begin the journey home. 
There was silence. 
Another sip was taken. Lewis closed his eyes and felt the burn: whisky on the palate and tears on his cheeks.
“Did I make you proud? I hope I did! Because what would be the point if not?”
Still there was silence – from the sky and from the image, but in his heart Lewis heard an answer.
“I’m glad. But I’m not finished yet. Two more hurdles – maybe both at the same time... and then we can put this to rest.”
Back in the house, the conversation had struck up again, everyone avoiding the subject that was dominating their thoughts. Only two people relaxed, unconcerned for the absent champion. Of the others, Jim was the most agitated, and eventually broke the taboo. “Somebody should go out and check that he’s all right. I don’t like this one bit.”
“I’ll go,” said Scott.
“Give him five more minutes, Scott,” replied Fiona. “Please!”   
After the unofficially agreed time, Jim piped up again. “On you go, Scott. It’ll be your job soon enough, so you might as well get some practice in.”
As he walked over to where Lewis was still seated, Scott was relieved to see the drinks, only one of which appeared to have been half finished. 
“They’re getting worried about you inside. Are you okay?” he asked.
“I just needed some time to myself. Thanks for checking on me, though. I bet Jim sent you out to make sure I’m not staggering about and falling in the pool.”
“It’s his job to worry about you. He does it well.”
“Aye, he does,” agreed Lewis. “…I’m glad you came out. I think we need to have a talk, don’t you? Probably won’t get too many chances for a while - you know what it’s like. Everybody wants a piece of you after something like this. Have a sit down for a minute, eh?”
Scott joined him at the table, moving the untouched glass of whisky to one side, along with a crumpled envelope which was the only other thing on the table. He looked at Lewis, still there on the other side of the sexual abyss, but it seemed so much wider again to him - time and silence had recreated the distance. But he managed to pluck up the courage to broach the subject. “It’s been a bit of a strain over the last two days, hasn’t it - you and me?”
“It got complicated.”
“Yeah, I know... too complicated perhaps.”
 Lewis gazed at the worried freckly face. He could see the answer, but it had to be asked. “Second thoughts?”
Scott nervously looked away. “Would you be annoyed if there were?”
“Devastated!” announced Lewis then he reached out and took Scott’s hand that rested on the table, regaining his gaze and returning it with a smile. “I’m devastated that we didn’t actually do anything! You’re one hell of a man in so many ways... But I think we both know it wouldn’t really work as things stand. I couldn’t live a lie, and you’re not ready to come out. A one-night stand would have been grand, but a relationship? No – that would be way too complicated. You need to work out what you really want, Scott. And me... well, there’s something I need to work through as well. Who knows - maybe we’ll meet again under different circumstances – at the US Open perhaps. Hopefully some of my issues will have been resolved by then, and if I’m a single man, I’ll definitely look you up – if only for the one-night stand, because I just know it would be one hell of a treat.”
Scott forced a smile – relief, regret, curiosity still there, but he knew that Lewis was right, and this was a good way to conclude the night and the Australian adventure. He needed time and he needed some distance – he needed Lewis as well, but not the complication. “You won’t say anything... sorry, of course you won’t. I know that... Probably time for me to go then – I’ll leave you to explain to Jim.”
Scott rose. Lewis joined him. There was another embrace – a proper one this time: arms around backs, cheek to cheek. “I’ll be at Flushing Meadow,” said Scott as they hugged. “And even if you’re not single, come look me up. It would be good if we could still stay friends.”
“It’s a date!” announced Lewis. “And friends are allowed to do this...”
Finally they kissed. Then the American Idol went on his way.
Scott had already left by the time Lewis came back into the house, ten minutes later. Chantal had wanted to go as well, but Marie had convinced her to stay. She had been deprived of drama the previous evening, and had no intensions of missing out now. Jim was the first to speak when the champion reappeared. “Scott’s gone back to his hotel - but I would imagine you were aware of that, Lewis.”
“Aye, Jim,” he chirped in response. “He said he thought it was time to go. Is there any more of that champagne left? We’re celebrating, remember, so enough of the long faces.”
Lewis helped himself to another flute before drawing a line under it all. “It wouldn’t have worked, Jim. The bigger picture, it wouldn’t have worked - just accept it. I have my reasons; and Scott’s in agreement… So I think you should just stay on, till Wimbledon at least. One last hurrah! What do you say? No dramas this time. I’ll give YOU the perfect day and then you can send me on my way and go and do your gardening, or whatever it is you’ve got planned.”
Marie had sided over to Lee as Lewis was making his mini speech. “Oh dear!” she whispered to him. “I fear we are to blame - you much more than me, of course. I do hope you will make it up to him. I look forward to hearing all about your efforts. Now let’s have some more champagne, there is still cause to celebrate… would you not agree?”  
Lee had no idea – but one thing was for sure – the nature of this night had dramatically changed, and he didn’t feel in the slightest bit sorry.
It was another hour before Chantal got her way and Marie agreed that it was time to go. She understood only too well that the final scene of tonight’s show must occur without her, so she made her farewells. As she hugged Lewis at the door before hitting the blaze of cameras flashing outside, she gave him some parting words. “Enjoy your story, Lewis - and don’t worry about the ending. Some stories don’t have one. Good night, sweet prince, soon to be king.”
As Lewis was seeing them out, Fiona announced that she was going to clear up then head off to bed. Lee gave her a hand. He had half-heartedly suggested that he should go along with the girls, but Fiona had insisted he stay for a little while longer, saving Lewis the bother of doing so himself. She was met with little resistance. Jim and Mike tactfully finished their drinks and bade them good night. Ten minutes later, Fiona did likewise.
“You must be exhausted,” said Lee, once they were alone. “It’s been quite a day.”
“I’m not tired, too excited I suppose. It’ll be weeks before I hit planet earth again. What about you?”
“I’m okay just now. Late nights have never been a problem for me.”
“Let’s go outside then, we can talk better there and not worry about keeping anyone awake.”
“Sure, I’ll get my drink,” said Lee.
“There’s one out there already for you.”
They went out to the pool and Lewis sat down at the table in the same position as earlier - the half drunk whisky again beside him. Lee sat opposite him and looked at the other glass which was still untouched. A bolt of understanding zapped him. “I can’t drink that, Lewis. It’s not mine.”
“It is now, there’s no one else here that’s going to drink it. Not now that I’ve put him away... So come on - we said we’d have a drink after the tournament, and whisky’s better than beer. It’s a single malt - the pride of Scotland: something to be savoured, getting better with age; the perfect drink for the perfect man, and right now you’re as near as anyone’s ever come to him... Or is beer all you want, Lee? I’ll understand, and still be your friend, but I think you know now that I want to be more than just a friend. It’s a lot to ask, because you know what I’d need from you – and the life of a nomad isn’t for everyone, especially if you’ve got your own business to consider.”
The reality of what Lewis was suggesting struck home with crystal clarity. He could have him, in totality - this incredible young man that he had fallen in love with. Not for a night and a day, or perhaps a weekend - but for months, or even years. Who knows, perhaps a lifetime - such things can happen. The pleasures to be had were undeniable, and the possibilities it would open up for him beggared belief. But it would come at a price: the closure of so many other possibilities that, a week ago, he thought he could never forsake. Was it worth it? Had he the collateral to invest anyway?
Lee stared at what was being offered – first the glass and then the man. “A beer would have done – it’s probably all I deserve… But the whisky, you, and everything that goes with it – that’s the biggest prize anyone could have won tonight – and of course I want it. I know what you need from me though – something I’ve never been able to give – I’ve never tried. You’d be taking one heck of a big chance with me, Lewis. Really! And I don’t want to mess up your life and your career. I want to say yes, make promises - be everything I think you want me to be - earn your trust - be with you. But I can’t make those promises... all I can say is that I’ll try. That I want to try, and if I fail, then I’ll let you know. But really - I’m not sure I’m up to it. I’m not sure I’m worth the risk.”
“Perhaps you’re not,” agreed Lewis as he got to his feet, whisky glass in hand, ready to toast. He held out his free hand for Lee to take. “Perhaps neither of us are up to it or worth the risk. But I want to find out and there’s only one way to do that.”
Grinning madly from ear to ear, Lee accepted the hand and rose to face him. Picking up his own glass, he moved in closer until their electrified bodies were only inches apart. “Are you certain about this?”
“Yes. And who knows, we might be lucky. It’s the only way to go. Perhaps it was in Melbourne after all, what we were both looking for. Aren’t you just a little bit curious to see what the next chapter holds?”
“More than curious! So why not! Let’s find out then.”
“Cheers!” they both said as the glasses were chinked. The whisky was tossed back and downed in a gulp. It flavoured their tongues as both launched an attack, mouths fusing in a frenzy of consummation, hands dropping glasses as flesh was clutched, leaving clothing in disarray.
“I hope you’re not too exhausted,” Lee laughed as they broke for air.
“No. But I better be by tomorrow morning!” laughed Lewis in reply. “So come on big boy, let’s make a start. Life’s going to be busy for the foreseeable future... and I expect you to be playing your part!”
THE END
Well, not quite!
Lewis’s adventures are far from finished. He’s made his journey in the land Down Under and now it’s time for him to embark on a new one. If you want to know how his story ends, then join him at the start of that quest when he takes again to the Centre Court at Wimbledon, and the Naked Hero begins…
The Journey Home

