


LOVE THE COMMUTE

Five romantic reads for the ride home


A short story collection
By Joanne Hill


Text copyright © 2012 Joanne Hill.  Smashwords Edition. All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner without written permission of the author.

Cover design by Joanne Hill
Photo from Dreamstime


“There are three or four things I cannot understand:
How eagles fly so high or snakes crawl on rocks,
how ships sail the ocean or people fall in love.”
Proverbs 30:18-19 CEV


TABLE OF CONTENTS
ENIGMA
THE TRUTH ABOUT LOVE
PENNY PALMER
OTHELLO’S HOUR
HEAVEN SENT
DANIEL’S BRIDE - CHAPTER ONE
 

ENIGMA
 
 
Judy saw him for the first time one Friday evening, flicking through TV channels wishing Leo was with her, when it flashed across the screen.  W.O.W. The World Organization of Wrestlers. 
She rolled her eyes in disbelief as she watched wrestlers with fake moves and Polaris-enhanced bodies, and wondered how people could fork out hard cash to watch such rubbish.  But she turned the volume up anyway, in time to hear the announcer proclaim the bout of the evening - Sexy Hulk versus Enigma.
Have these men no shame, she wondered, but she watched Sexy Hulk parade through the ring, his long, tawny hair flowing around his face.  She wished her own hair looked half as good. He wore tight red pants and his body - his topless, hairless body - was perfectly tanned. 
“Pa-thetic,” she murmured, as Sexy Hulk pulled a rose from his pants and tossed it to a screaming fan.  Had these women no shame? 
Then she saw Enigma.  He stalked up the ramp toward the ring, staring straight ahead, the epitome of arrogance and cool.  He was tall, with hair that fell below his shoulders in thick black waves. His arms were tanned, muscular and his body looked hard beneath the skin-tight black pants and sleeveless t-shirt.  But it was his face that made her stare; his face was covered in white paint from his hairline down to his chin.  Judy watched as Enigma, silent, boastful and strong, beat Sexy Hulk to a pulp.  Admittedly a bloodless, bruise-less pulp but Sexy acted wounded enough.
Enigma just looked cool and not once did the camera do a close-up on his face. Not once did she hear his voice.
* * *
 
Leo was out of town. Again. He ran his own firm, importing water filters, and he made a good living doing it. “I got in at just the right time,” he’d told Judy after the first year in business when the accountant had congratulated him on the profit he’d made.  Judy worked in a solicitor’s office and she liked the work okay; she liked the people.  One day, she would leave and start a family. She and Leo had discussed it from day one, and every New Year’s Day she thought, ‘maybe this year.’  Every January second, she hesitated. Maybe it was the reality. Maybe she was selfish with her time.  Maybe she just liked the way it was, her and Leo. Together forever.
But what ‘together’ was that, she pondered, as she watched Danger Dan grab Sexy Hulk in a sleeper hold. Enigma was on next. She wondered if Enigma had kids and if they watched him when he fought.  Or acted, depending which way you looked at it.  She wondered if his wife was in the audience or if he had female fans at every backstage door. 
Whatever it was, life wouldn’t be dull. Not like it was here, now. Not like it was when Leo was away and, lately, sometimes when Leo was with her.  
Last week she’d suggested they see a movie but Leo had said he was too tired. She’d quickly lost her patience.  “We should go out together. We used to go a lot. We’re like old people, you and me and we’re not old. Come with me. It’ll be like a date, like old times. Please?”
“Okay,” he’d agreed finally. “We’ll go.”
“It’ll be good for you. Good for us. You’ll see.”
Softly, he’d told her, “I don’t need to go out. I like being with you at home. It’s you I’m crazy about. Not where we are or who we’re with.”
Guilt had wracked her. “I know, Leo.  I know.”
He was a good man - reliable, affectionate.  He went to the gym three times a week, and he loved her. She knew he did. And she loved him. But some of the excitement had gone. They’d dwindled into suburban life, and Leo had drifted into being an old married man.
Except he wasn’t old at all. 
Enigma was coming out now, and she moved closer to the screen and tried to see what his face would look like without the white paint, tried to determine what the scornful look he tossed at the screaming women would be like in a bar, with a pint of beer in his hand. And she wondered what she would find if she scrubbed off every flake of white paint until his face was bare and she could see what the real man was like underneath.
* * *
 
Leo came back early on Thursday and when they were sitting in the lounge after dinner, he reading the paper, she flicking through a magazine and dreaming of a holiday in Hawaii, he said, “Let’s go up to the lake tomorrow.”
“The lake?” Judy tried not to show her disappointment.  He wanted to go up to his parents’ holiday home at the lake?
“I thought you’d want to get out of town for a bit.  It’s a long weekend, and it’s Mum’s birthday next week.”
“I guess,” she said slowly, thinking. “Maybe your brother still has that jet ski. That would be fun. I always wanted to have a go on that.”
Leo picked up the phone.  “We’ll take it easy. Relax.  I must get my jacket cleaned.”
Judy glanced at the pictures of movie stars on the front cover of the magazine and thought, I bet they don’t go to the lake to visit their mothers-in-law.  I bet they go out with guys like Enigma.
“Do they have TV up there?” she asked, when Leo got off the phone.
“Why would you want to watch TV at the lake? You can watch TV anytime. We’ll disconnect ourselves from the TV and the internet and just...” He waved his hands around. “We’ll just be.”
She’d miss the wrestling but that was okay. She’d DVR it for when she got back home. She picked up the cups and took them through to the kitchen. 
* * *
 
The weather was perfect and as they drove along, autumn leaves lying in drifts beside the road, Judy vowed she would enjoy it. She reached over and lay her hand on Leo’s knee and he smiled at her. He looked happy and content, and she said, “I think you’re right. We just needed to get away and do something quiet. I’m glad we came.”
“We can both do with a break. It’ll be good,” he promised.
She watched his profile for a while, admiring his driving. He was a careful driver, wary of road conditions, considerate of others.  He never went more than five miles over the speed limit and he looked three times each way when he moved out from an intersection.
That’s my Leo, she thought, but some days she wished they could drive in a convertible with the top down and go way over the speed limit.
They stopped off at a petrol station lake-side, and Leo zeroed in on the displays of cut flowers, and Judy selected some magazines in case his mother decided to share her gallstone misery with her again.
The latest copy of the official W.O.W. magazine was stacked between Rugby Weekly and Hot Rod. The ultimate wrestling magazine, it proclaimed. She’d never even noticed it before. She glanced at Leo, who was now checking out the boxes of chocolates and she picked up a copy and flicked through. They were all there. Sexy Hulk, Danger Dan.  Her heart skipped a beat. And Enigma.
The photo of him was soft-focused and the lighting was dim, but he was beautiful all the same. His hair was curlier and his make-up was even more pronounced than on the small screen, and he had gorgeous blue eyes.
“Jude, honey?”
She glanced up to see Leo gesturing out to the car. 
She shut the magazine.
* * *
 
The television aerial had blown off in a storm months ago, the jet ski needed a part imported from Japan, and Judy was bored to tears. She discussed ways to prevent gallstone attacks with Leo’s mother on Saturday morning and in the afternoon when Leo and his father sat outside on old deck chairs and drank beer, she read two Mills and Boon novels so dated the authors had probably died of old age a decade ago. The heroines had excitement, she sighed, as she stared at the covers. They had excitement in exotic places with handsome, rakish men. Why did she end up sitting around discussing the weather with her in-laws?
She endured it until after dinner when she whispered to Leo, “Let’s go down to the lake.  We could go skinny dipping.” When they’d first married, they’d run down to the lake, strip off their clothes, and laugh and splash and swim and… It had been so much fun.
“Actually,” he said, “I promised Dad I’d help fix his wood lathe.”
His wood lathe?  Frustration welled up inside her and she said, her voice tight, “I can’t do this anymore.”
“Do what?”
“Be here, doing this. I feel older than your mother, and I don’t even have kids.”
Leo frowned. “I thought we’d decided last New Year to wait until we had children. But if you want to start a family sooner…”
“No. No. It’s not that.” She felt tears well in her eyes and wished it was different. She loved Leo with all her heart.  But maybe he wasn’t enough for her any more. The thought came and just as quickly she thrust it aside. It was as if she’d been stabbed in the heart thinking that, and it was wrong because he was enough for her. “Forget I said anything. I’m sorry.”
“Jude, I don’t understand this. I don’t understand you.”
“It’s nothing. Honestly. I’m going down the road. I’ll be back soon.  Do you want anything at the petrol station?”
“No.” Worry lines crossed his face, and she regretted her outburst even more.
“It’s okay,” she said softly.  “I’m hormonal or something. I won’t be long.”
“Do you want me to come with you?”
She shook her head. “Anyhow, I might choose some magazines to read while I’m there. It’ll take me a while.”
* * *
 
She bought a bag of sweets for Leo, two weekly gossip magazines and the copy of W.O.W.  Then she sat in the car by the side of the road, opened Leo’s sweets, and read all about Enigma. How he’d won school titles, worked as a stunt man to pay his way through university, and invented the persona of Enigma. The greatest mystery in W.O.W.
Judy glanced at her watch. It was nearly ten.
She climbed out of the car, and went back inside the service station.
She bought herself a coffee from the self-service machine and saw the lone attendant was flicking through a magazine, boredom written on her face. Above her, the TV screen was on a police drama, the volume down.
Judy approached her. “Would you mind terribly changing your TV channel?  There’s a program on I’d like to watch.”
“Is it the wrestling?” Her name badge said Lucy, and she quickly aimed the remote and switched channel.
The Enigma had just begun his fight and Lucy sighed.  “That man is so hot.”
“I wonder what he looks like without all that white paint.”
“He’s gorgeous. Watch. It starts to flake off a bit towards the end with the sweat and sometimes you can almost imagine what he’s like. I love his hazel eyes.”
Judy flicked through the magazine. “They’re blue here.”
“Clever,” said Lucy and they groaned as Enigma suffered a body slam by Danger Dan.
“He hasn’t lost a match yet,” Lucy whispered in awe.
“I wish I had someone like him,” Judy murmured, and instantly felt guilty.
“We all wish that,” Lucy sighed back dreamily.
* * *
 
Leo sat on the deck as she pulled up to the house. It was chilly now and he’d changed into jeans and a white Aran jersey.  He looked like the man she’d fallen in love with ten years ago. 
He came and opened the car door. “I was worried. You were gone for so long.”
Judy climbed out. “I watched TV in the petrol station.  The wrestling was on again.”
“The wrestling?” He ran a hand through his hair, so roughly it stuck out on top. “You hate the wrestling. What the heck is going on?”
“That’s what’s wrong,” Judy shot back.  “You don’t get it. You’re too wrapped up with bloody water filters to see there’s fun out there.”
She almost yelled the last word and it floated around over the lake and back, and Leo, exasperated, muttered, “Sometimes it can’t be all fun, Judy. Real life isn’t what you see on the TV screen.”
The way he said it worried her. “Is there something wrong?” She hesitated.  “Is it the business? We’re doing okay financially, aren’t we?”
“It’s not the business and yes, we are okay financially.”  But still, there was something in his eyes that made her gut clench. What if he was having an affair? She’d never thought it before but now the idea seemed to grip her and it took an effort to shake it.
But no. No. Not Leo. Her Leo.
But then, she’d been a whining cow lately. Who could blame him?
Or maybe he was jealous and she should just give up the wrestling, forget all about Danger Dan and Enigma, go ahead and try and get pregnant. 
“Are you sure everything’s all right?” she asked. 
“Of course I’m sure,” he told her. 
But she didn’t, she couldn’t, shake the feeling that it was not all right at all.
* * *
 
On Monday as they drove back home, Leo said, “I’m going away tomorrow. I want you to come with me.”
She turned to him, slowly. “Come with you?  But what about my job?”
“Take a week off. Heck, resign. You’re bored there. Come with me instead.”
Resign? Had he lost his mind? “I can’t. I mean, I’d love to come with you. To check out the water filters. But it’s not...”
“Exciting?  Interesting?  Fun?”
“My own job isn’t so great either,” she defended. “It’s just…” She glanced at the copy of W.O.W. on the floor by her feet. 
“What do you want?” he asked. “What do you really want?”
She was silent a moment. “It’s hard to say. Life is so predictable. From the moment I get up until the moment I go to bed.” She turned to him. “But it’s not you.  I suppose I’m just tired of…Oh, I don’t know. Maybe you’re right, it’s my job and I should look for another one. Maybe we should start trying for a baby. But it’s not you, Leo. You believe me, don’t you?”
He smiled then, a slow smile, and said, “Come with me. Meet me in the city. Do something unpredictable.”
There was something about the way he said it, the way his brown eyes glinted, that said ‘no’ wasn’t an answer. 
She took a week’s leave, booked the train to the city, and met Leo at the hotel. When she’d unpacked, Leo handed her an envelope and she took out a ticket. A ticket for W.O.W. at the Entertainment Center. That night. 
“The wrestling? Leo, are you serious?”
She had no idea they were staging an event so close to home. “And you’re coming with me?”
“Of course I’m coming with you.”
She held the tickets up to the light to check if they were fake. “You hate the wrestling.”
“The things I do for the woman I love,” he murmured.
* * *
 
She took a taxi because Leo had a water filter emergency and would join her later.  When she showed up, the bouncer at the door raised his eyebrows and took her to the VIP section. Ring side seats.
“There must be some mistake,” she protested, but he pointed to the special notation on her ticket and she took her seat.
The wrestling began.  Sexy Hulk fought first. He staggered to the ring, and she watched, fascinated, amidst the screaming and cheering from the audience. Danger Dan looked more hideous in the flesh than he did on the screen, as he threw himself around the stage and won the match.
She checked the program. There were two more matches on the card before Enigma and she felt her own excitement rise. She glanced at the empty seat next to her, pulled out her phone to text Leo, but then Enigma’s theme music started up. 
Judy found herself sitting on the edge of the seat as he strutted down the ramp, his eyes focused on the stage ahead.  He stalked like a predator, and leapt athletically over the ropes into the ring. From her seat ringside, his hair looked soft and silky.  A woman screamed hysterically, “Show us your face, Enigma.”  One girl tried to climb the ropes.  Another cried out, “I love you, Enigma, you’re gorgeous!”
Enigma stood to one side, looking out. His eyes were cobalt against the stark white paint, and Judy held her breath.
Sexy Hulk staggered into the ring then, and the crowd went wild but there was no doubt who the crowd wanted to win.  Enigma walked over to her side of the ring, looked down at her and he – he winked? Judy stared at him as he walked – no, stalked - away.
The Enigma had winked at her? She snapped out of it.  You’re getting pathetic. Get a grip.
The match started and she settled back to enjoy it. It was wonderful. And there was one moment she was sure Enigma had looked down at her, but then he’d flung himself around and aimed both feet at Sexy in what they called a ‘torpedo drop kick’.
And Leo still wasn’t here. She reached for her bag again. What if something had happened to him? Her pulse began to race. She couldn’t bear it if anything had. She checked her phone but there was no message, nothing from him. She began to text. Where are you? You’re missing all the fun. It’s not the same without you.
It wasn’t the same. The thought hit her like a blast of icy air. She wasn’t just saying it. It was the truth. She wanted him here.  She didn’t need the excitement, the rush, the thrills, like she thought she did.  She just needed him, in the same way she needed her arm or her leg or the blood pulsing through her veins. 
The Enigma won. Jude got to her feet and clapped as he walked around the ring, but this time he ignored her, and she didn’t mind one bit.  She glanced around, looking for Leo. Where on earth was he? He must have paid a fortune for these front row seats and he was missing out.
Enigma began the walk down the ramp, and she gathered up her bag and coat. She didn’t need to see any more. All her favorites had been on. She’d try Leo again, and they could go and find a bar somewhere, drink really expensive wine, and go back to the hotel room. Just the two of them. 
Then she stopped. The crowd had gone suddenly silent and slowly, Judy turned around. 
Enigma had jumped down from the ramp and he was walking her way. She stared, stunned. No one ever got close to Enigma. Yet here he was, and women were reaching out, touching him, screaming again. 
Then he was looking straight at her, and not for a second did he take his gaze away from her as he walked towards her.
Judy’s heart was in her throat. The screaming around her reached fever pitch as Enigma kept on coming until he stood in front of her, his eyes, his blue eyes staring at her. Then, his body musky from sweat, he tipped up her chin and he kissed her.
“Enough excitement for you?” he whispered and Judy stared back at her husband. 
* * *
 
His face was free of make-up and he’d taken off the black top and the blue lenses. He wore a white robe but she could see his chest was slicked with sweat. She stared at his chest, his brown chest. Leo hardly ever went out in the sun without wearing a t-shirt and sunscreen. Now he was golden. He looked like a stud.  Her heart skipped in her chest. He was a stud. Her stud.
“I don’t get it,” she murmured. 
His hair was long and she reached out and let it fall between her fingers. 
“Extensions,” he said.
She ran a hand over his chest, his slick chest, and over his arms.
“Fake tan,” he explained.
“But you looked so tall out there.”
“Padding in the boots. And heels. Damn near kill me.”
So many things suddenly clicked into place, and for a moment she felt like weeping with the shock of it all, or laughing or, if it was physically possible, both at the same time.  “So that’s why you’re tired all the time? You’re the Enigma?”
He nodded and Judy just stared at him, lost for words.
“I need a drink,” she said finally. “I’ve had more than enough excitement.” Her mouth was dry. No doubt with shock. Leo took a can of cola from the fridge, pulled the tab, and pressed it into her hand.
She raised her eyebrows. “I was thinking alcohol.” 
He shook his head. “Sorry. This is the closest we’ve got. But as soon as we get out of here, we’ll find some place.”
She drank thirstily and when she felt marginally better, he told her how it had happened.  About a year ago, away on a water-filter round, he’d bumped into an old varsity buddy. They’d both worked as stunt men to pay their way through their degrees and the old buddy was making good money as a wrestler.
His name was Daniel Jones AKA Danger Dan. It had only been a joke at first. They’d invented a mystery man called the Enigma, designed a gimmick right down to the make-up and the names of the moves, and when he was spending more nights away on business, Leo had dropped in on Dan’s training session and began training too. It had all been a bit of fun at first. He’d been offered a match. Then he’d taken a second. Until the whole thing suddenly got way out of hand.  The people loved him. They wanted him.  His clips on You Tube went viral.  Suddenly, he’d become a superstar.
“You never told me you wrestled when you were younger,” Judy said.
“I seem to recall that when we met, there were other things to talk about. And most women aren’t interested in what their boyfriends did when they were in college.”
“True,” she admitted. She stared at him again, touched his chest some more, and stroked his hair. “This is so weird,” she said finally. “It’s too weird.”
“I never intended to deceive you. I was going to do it for a few months, then tell you but I kept putting it off because I know how much you hated the show.”
“And then I started watching it.”  She shook her head and for the first time, managed a smile. “Poor Leo. All those women screaming at you like that. It must have been murder.”
“And yet I noticed you weren’t very vocal at all,” he murmured. “The woman along from you proposed marriage and I won’t tell you what some girl around the corner suggested but you were strangely silent.”
“I was too worried about my husband. He stood me up.”
He shook his head in sympathy. “The bastard.”
“Oh, I don’t know. I rather like him. And…” She ran her palms down his chest again.  “He is apparently quite the stud.”  And that was so strange. He was the same Leo in the same body yet he was different. 
He gripped her wrists suddenly. “Quit running your hands over me like that.  That’s what hotel rooms are for.” He pulled her close to him, and she said, “A hotel room? So what are we doing here?”
“There’s work to be done. All this doesn’t come without some serious clean up like washing off the tan and getting rid of the extensions. Returning to the Leo you know and love.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” she murmured. “I’ve got a bit of a thing for this one, and I’m in no hurry for him to change back just yet.” 
“I thought you just said you’d had, and I quote, “more than enough excitement”.”
“Yeah. About that excitement thing.” She slid her hands up over his chest again, still astonished how he could feel so different. 
Leo narrowed his gaze. “What about it?”
“I may have been a little hasty.” She wound her arms around his neck. “I could really do with more.”
“How much more?”
“Depends what you’ve got to give,” she grinned, as his mouth found hers. 
THE END
 

THE TRUTH ABOUT LOVE
 
 
Joel Grainger. Hearing that name made Bridget want to thump something. Hard.
She glanced over at Diana, her co-owner of ‘Best Loved’ recycle boutique. “So what brings him to this part of town?”
“Money. I’ve got the five hundred I owe him. I told him if he didn’t get it today he might never see it again.”
“He’s coming over for that?”  Bridget picked some litter up off the floor and dumped it in the bin. “What does he need with the money anyway? It’s not like he’s destitute.”
“So true. Joel’s never been destitute. He seems to attract money like you and I attract debt.”
“It’s only because of his looks.”
It pained Bridget to remember that she had once fallen for him and his looks. 
But, oh, how deceiving it had all been.
“It was fun having Joel as a brother when I was a kid,” Diana went on. “All my friends had crushes on him. They envied me, you know, he was so charming.”
“Charm,” Bridget said, “is something you can attain easily enough. It’s not actually a quality; it’s a con.”
“I’ve never been able to work out what it was with you two.  You were the only girl he went out with, he still complains about a year later.”
“He was the only man who ever succeeded in irritating the heck out of me without even trying.”
“He says the same about you.”
“He’s got some nerve then.” Bridget pushed herself away from the counter and made a pretense of straightening designer hats that didn’t need straightening.
How was it that just the mention of his name made her want to go and thrash out her frustration so badly? Even thrash a punch bag in a - heaven forbid - gym.  Especially when it wasn’t like she had any right to feel frustration. There’d been attraction between them, sure enough, and it had simmered away nicely before they’d made the fatal mistake of acting on it. The first time they went to a free concert at the Domain. The second, to the movies. The infamous last date. By the end they’d known they were as incompatible as a couple could ever be. 
Which was a shame, because the truth of it was, it had begun so well. They’d sat in the back row of the Rialto behaving like a couple of sixteen year olds. It made her blush just thinking about it now. Then the trouble had begun. He’d suggested a veggie burger at the Organic Orange but she’d craved a Big Mac with fries. They’d argued - the most pathetic argument in the history of fledgling relationships. She’d accused him of being a health food fanatic; he’d told her she was a candidate for heart failure. They’d stalked away from each other and had barely spoken a civil word since. She may have loved his entire family to bits, but Joel himself…
“You know what part of the problem is?” Bridget leant against the counter. “Once you get past the physical, you realize he has some major personality problems.”
“You’ve got him down for psychiatric profiling just because he said you eat too much chocolate and you should limit yourself to a piece a week?”
“It was the way he said it, the assumption I’d do what he suggested, that I could treat myself to a piece if I lived off processed soy beans and spent an hour in the gym every day.”
“You’re exaggerating.”
“A bit,” Bridget admitted. “But it cracks me up that a guy who has never had a weight problem in his life, has the nerve to suggest to someone who clearly stands to lose a few pounds, what to do.”
Diana sighed. “I know what you mean. Joel can eat anything. Some sort of genetic malfunction I suspect. Not that he’s indulged in years and he exercises religiously.”  She glanced out the window. “And speak of the devil…”
Bridget followed her gaze as a black sports car drew up alongside the footpath. Anticipation flooded her. No, she told herself, not anticipation. Irritation. She reached under the counter for a bag of assorted chocolates, unwrapped a couple and said, “We’ll see how good his heart rate is when he cops this lot.”
Diana groaned. “Will you let the chocolate thing go?”
“The day he criticized me he made a big mistake.”
“But you’re just as bad - you’re on a level footing.”
“When it comes to the sexes there is no such thing as a level footing. It’s war out there, Diana. Vicious, sexist, and dangerous.” She promptly shoved two chocolates in her mouth as Joel strode into the shop. She tried to ignore the mess that was her nerves, and made an attempt at looking cool instead. It was hard. Especially when you had a mouth full of chocolate coated caramel. It didn’t help that Joel was six foot three of exquisitely toned male and was the only man who’d ever had this effect on her. With the exception of Johnny Depp but then she’d never met him in real life.
Joel Grainger though. He could make her stomach squish, her legs weaken, her mind turn to porridge and it was all a nuisance. A darned nuisance.
Joel clasped Diana in a hug, glanced over her shoulder and locked his gaze on to Bridget.  She promptly unwrapped another chocolate and a growl escaped from between his lips as he shook his head in disbelief.  “Still keeping Hersheys in the black I see.”
She’d forgotten how his voice sent shivers up her spine. Even when he’d been telling her she’d be dead from a heart attack at fifty, it’d had that effect on her.
“Opened up Tofu to Go yet?” she shot back.
He leant against the counter and folded his arms across his chest – his broad expanse of chest. “How are you, Bridget?”
“In perfect health. You?”
“In even better.”
She reached down beneath the bench and alongside Joel, Diana mouthed, “No, no, no” but Bridget wasn’t stopping now. She pulled out a packet of cigarettes and watched Joel’s eyes darken as she ripped off the cellophane. 
“You’re crazy,” he growled.
“Spare me the lecture.” She flicked the lighter and the cigarette flared into life.
He shook his head in disbelief. “I don’t believe you’re doing that. You’re a walking health hazard.”
“She doesn’t usually,” Diana told him. “She gave up years ago, and only does it when you’re around. To annoy you. Which she succeeds at brilliantly I might add.”
“Really?” His eyebrows arched, his mouth curled into something that might have been a smile but Bridget knew was just a smirk. “So you actually enjoy playing games with me, Bridge?”
She snapped out of it. “Why would I want to waste my time?”
“I’m not sure. You wouldn’t still be annoyed because I told you white chocolate doesn’t count as real chocolate?”
“That would be petty,” she lied. “It was over a year ago. And some of us prefer the occasional treat to wheat grass salad.”
“From memory I had a compote of fresh fruit. And it was delicious.”
“Only if you want to die from culinary boredom.”
A twist of smoke floated up, smarted her eyes and she blinked.
“Serves you right,” he murmured. A customer walked in then and Bridget, eyes watering painfully, hurriedly tamped out the cigarette and fanned the air, while Diana hurriedly ushered Joel out the back muttering, “For pity’s sake, come and get your money.” 
* * *
 
It was past nine before she left the store. She was starving, tired, and completely disarmed by Joel’s visit. He’d stayed for another half an hour, chatting and laughing with Diana, and ignoring her. She’d ignored him right back and spent a lot of energy doing it. Now she needed sustenance. She made a detour to Bronto Burgers and parked her car. It was some consolation she could recover from her encounter with Joel-A-Hundred-Push-Ups-a-Day-Grainger with the best beef burger and fries in town.
She gave her order and managed to find a vacant table. The restaurant was nearly packed, but at home there was only her flatmate’s putrid yogurt and rotting lettuce in the fridge.
She started in on her fries. Joel Grainger would have kittens if he could see her. He was probably at his beloved gym right now and if the universe was on her side, coming to grief on the lateral pull down.
“Mind if I sit at your…” 
The male voice abruptly broke off, and growled with hostility, “Life just would not be this cruel.” 
She looked tentatively up and…
“You!” 
“Unbelievable,” he muttered as he took the seat opposite. “What are you doing here?”
“You sound surprised. Did you think I was ordering Lentil Soup at Legumes R-Us?”
“Bridget.” His voice softened unexpectedly. “You’ve got it all wrong.”
She noticed the chocolate-coated sundae on his tray. “You don’t say.” She’d almost got one for herself but had talked herself out of it. “Does your public know you’re here?”
“I’m flattered you’re interested enough to ask.”
She dunked a chip in ketchup. Inside, she was a mess. Why did he do this to her?  “Who said I was interested.”
He leant closer. “It sure felt like you were interested in the back row of the Rialto last year.”
Heat rushed across her cheeks, and he said, “What was the name of that movie again? I was kind of distracted.”
“It was…” She thought hard but for the life of her, all she could remember was Joel.  Darn. “I can’t remember. But it appears you’ve been preaching one thing and living another.”
“You exaggerate.  I never preach. I make suggestions.”
“Is that what you called it when you offered me a free gym subscription?” 
He sat back, folded his arms. “Bridget. May I remind you that you had just spent the last minute telling me gyms were a total rip off and at the time it seemed a nice gesture to offer you a subscription.”
Bridget concentrated on her food, avoiding eye contact. It was painful. Especially when he was so very pleasant to look at. Which, it pained her to admit, came about because of that gym routine she mocked. “Did you drive here?” he asked suddenly.
“I did.”
“Could you give me a lift back to the gym?” 
She choked, coughed and grabbed a serviette. “You want me to give you a lift?”
“My car got a flat down the road and I need a lift back to the gym to get the spare.”
“Why is your spare at the gym?”
“I emptied the trunk for the new treadmill I was trialing. I never put the spare back.”
Bridget took great pleasure in shaking her head. His grin widened. 
“Please, Bridget. I’ll retract my retraction, and give you a year’s free sub. Spin and kickboxing included.”
She swallowed the last piece of her burger and finished off her cola. “Okay. I’ll take you and I’ll think about the gym.” Did she really have a choice?  
They walked out, Joel polishing off his sundae before he biffed the cup in the bin. She unlocked her car, and they climbed in. 
“There’s a lever under the seat you can use to move it back,” she offered. 
Joel felt around and came up with…
He held up a near new trainer and dangled it from a near pristine lace. “What’s this?”
Bridget clicked her seat belt, and thought fast.  “A shoe.”
“I see that.” Joel felt around again and came up with the partner.  “These are the new Triple Z cross trainers.”  He checked the size. “Eight and a half. Your size?”
“Me and half the female population of the country.” She reversed out of the park and on to the road. “I need good shoes for work.”
“For work? These are not actually the height of fashion, and they cost well over three hundred a pair. We sell them at the gym.” He set them back on the floor. “I think you’ve been exercising, Bridge.”
Bridget felt a blush rise steadily over her face. “Might be,” she admitted. 
“Why didn’t you say anything?”
She shrugged as she drove down towards the gym. “I only walk a bit. Jog an even littler bit.”
“I thought you were looking trimmer but I couldn’t work it out when you were still chugging down chocolate.”
“I don’t actually chug it down. I think of it as a daily necessity, like having a shower. And you still haven’t told me why you were in Bronto Burgers.”
He shifted in his seat, sighed. “So maybe I figured there was more fun to be had in life. And let’s be honest, carrot soup isn’t high on my list of life’s pleasures.”
She pulled into the gym, parked by the front entrance, and turned to face him.  The lights from the building emphasized the planes on his face.  She liked those planes, those cheek bones, those eyes.  That mouth. The truth was, the first time she met Joel, all those years ago, she’d developed a bit of a crush on him.  
He was watching her, too, so intently she had to look away. Or risk doing something stupid like leaning in closer which, in the confined space of the car, wouldn’t be hard to do.  She drew in her breath, but couldn’t think of a thing to say. What did you say when you’d behaved like an oversensitive brat?
Sorry, sprang to mind but before she could speak, he said, “You don’t mind taking me down to the car with the tire, do you? I should have asked.”
“Of course I don’t.  Where is the car?”
“Federal Street. The city end.”
Hmmm. That was a ten minute drive. Twelve if she stuck to the speed limit.
“I was thinking,” he said. He hesitated.
“Thinking about what?”
“That once I get the car sorted, I could meet you later on. There are some good movies showing at the film festival later tonight. Considering you don’t want a gym subscription, it’s the least I could do.”
“So this would be like a ‘thank you’ – a normal, platonic, thank you?”
His mouth curled. “No. It would be a date.”
She took a deep breath as relief and anticipation rushed through her.  She’d been looking at the film festival program and had thought a lot about Joel while doing so. “Is it at the Rialto?”
“It is.” He leaned closer to her, and she couldn’t look away, couldn’t take her eyes off his. “I’ll even buy chocolate dipped ice-cream. One for you and one for me. We don’t even have to share.”
“Sounds like the perfect date then,” she whispered. 
He gave her a slow, seductive smile. “I try to please.” He unclicked his seat belt. “I’ll get that tire.”
She watched him as he strode towards the gym, where lights and music blazed from what might have been the kickboxing class or the spin class. She had no idea. 
He disappeared inside, and finally, she relaxed back in her seat, and let out a long, deep, contented sigh. If she was a cat, she’d be purring. 
Joel Grainger. Who’d have believed it? She wasn’t sure she believed it herself because once the crush had worn off, she’d hated him. Well, she’d thought she’d hated him. 
No. Not hated. But not really liked.
No, she’d never not liked him, it was more that…
Oh face it, Bridget, you great twit. The truth is you’ve been in love with the man for years.
There was a rap at the window and he gestured for her to open the trunk.
She did, and when the tire was in, and the lid was closed, he climbed into the passenger seat. He put on his seat belt, stretched out his legs as much as he could in the small space, and turned to her. For a moment, their gazes held. She couldn’t move, couldn’t speak as he filled the car, and the scent of him, a mix of aftershave and male, tickled her senses. 
“Ready?” 
“I’m ready.” She dragged her gaze away and turned on the ignition. She’d wasted the past year. 
After all this time, she was more than ready. 
 
 
THE END
 

 
PENNY PALMER
 
 
The second Mitch stepped through the front door, it was as if ten years had erased in a flash.
“It’s been too long,” Brett murmured, clasping his oldest friend in a bear hug. 
“Far too long,” Penny agreed as Mitch pulled her to him, kissed her on the cheek.  She said, “Where have you been? Dinner was ready half an hour ago.”
Mitch handed Brett a bottle of wine. “There was a motorway pile-up, but if it’s any consolation, I’m starving.”
“Good, because you’re my guinea pigs tonight.” Penny was already turning towards the kitchen, her frizzy, brown hair flying out behind her, tightening the apron around her wide hips. “And I want total honesty.”
“Guinea pigs?” Mitch queried. 
Brett grabbed a corkscrew from the table, and popped the cork on the wine bottle. “We are celebrating tonight, my friend. Pen found out today her wine and food column has been picked up for syndication to all the major dailies. Last week she signed a contract to write two cook books. And there is even talk of her own TV show.”
Mitch whistled. “So I’m eating the food of a celebrity? You are one lucky, lucky man.”
Brett grinned.  “I know.” He pulled a couple of chairs out from the table. “And you? How’s marriage second time round? Last time I heard from you, you were heading off to Australia to celebrate your first wedding anniversary.”
Mitch shook his head, grimaced.  “Never made it to number two. We split six months ago.”
“Man, I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. I only blame myself. Jenna was lovely to look at but hell to live with.” Mitch poured the wine. “She lived on raspberry zingers, rice crackers and salad. What kind of meal is that?” He gestured to the kitchen. “If every guy was honest, they wouldn’t give a toss about the Jennas of the world. Deep down, every guy wants a Penny.”
“Here we go.”  She sailed into the room bearing two dishes. The aroma of rosemary and lemon floated behind her and Mitch inhaled approvingly. “Pen, you’re a marvel.”
“Spring vegetables and a beef dish I have yet to name.”
She wiped her hands on her apron, checked the table and then announced, “Dinner is served.”
* * *
 
It was, Brett thought, too good for words.  
“So what’s the verdict?” Penny wanted to know. 
He raised his glass to her. “What can I say? It was perfect.”
“It was better than perfect. Don’t change a thing, Pen.” Mitch refilled their glasses, and Brett watched Penny. Her hair had escaped its band and lay around her face in the kinky tendrils she’d spent her teenage years loathing.  She was contemplative. Improving the recipe already, he mused. She was stubborn, too. Wouldn’t accept that her food was good until it passed her standards. 
“I should have come and seen you guys sooner,” Mitch said. “But every time it was a business trip. Just the airport, the city and the airport again.” He took a swallow of wine. “Funny though. When I flew in yesterday, I bumped into Jake Wilson.”
“Jake?” Penny’s forehead creased in thought then she snapped her fingers. “Laura Wilson’s brother, right?”
Mitch nodded. “Laura’s modeling in Milan.”
“I’m not surprised.” Penny sat back, remembering. “Although...” She hesitated.
“Although what?” A lazy smile graced Mitch’s face as he took a long sip of wine. 
“There was this one time… It was weird. It was the school ball and Brett and I had just walked in and she shot me the coldest look I’ve ever seen. I mean, it was as if she hated me. Really hated me but I barely knew her. We never went in the same circles and I couldn’t figure out what she’d have against me. She was the most popular girl in school and I was just…”  She gave a wry smile. “I was just me.”
Mitch snapped his fingers.  “Of course. It was the dare.”
Brett had been about to start stacking the dinner plates, but Mitch’s words stopped him. Around him, everything went still, and ice began to form in his chest. 
He cleared his throat. “Mitch, how about giving me a hand with the coffee?”
“Dare?” Pen cut in. “I don’t remember anything about any dare.”
Mitch closed his eyes in thought. “Oh, it was definitely a dare. You see, Laura had assumed Brett would take her to the ball but he said maybe he’d take someone else. So she dared him to ask you, not for a minute believing it would ever happen. I mean, everyone assumed it would be Brett and Laura going together.”
Brett watched Penny and it was like seeing a car crash right in front of your eyes. He knew it was going to happen but all he could do was watch and see the exact moment she understood what Mitch was telling her. 
Her shoulders tightened and her hand trembled so much she set the glass down.
Mitch went on. “Remember? It back fired big time on Laura. Man, she was livid.”
Brett reached across to her. “Penny?” He willed her to look at him and see that the darned stupid dare didn’t mean a thing.
She stood up from the chair, her arms folded across her breasts, and he followed. She turned towards him.
She blinked fast. “Is that…” She stumbled over the words. “Is that the truth? You only asked me out - because you were dared to?”
“It was years ago, Pen. Ten years ago. I was a jerk. I -.”  
“I should make coffee.” She looked away, looked as if she’d been punched in the gut and was going to throw up. “I’ve got to -.”
“Pen…”
She didn’t look at him. Instead, she walked out of the room and seconds later, the bathroom door slammed shut.
“Jeez.” Mitch bolted upright. “What the hell happened?”
Brett felt sick himself. “She didn’t know about the dare.” He leant against the wall, and clenched his fists tight. 
Mitch stared, confused. “How could she not know?”
“I never told her. It was a mistake but there just never seemed to be the right time.”  Although that wasn’t quite the truth. All along he’d known what it would do to her if she found out. 
Laura had been born beautiful and she knew it and played on it. She was the girl every guy wanted to date and Penny had just been Penny Palmer. The short, chubby, nerdy girl with glasses and frizzy hair. And she still was. 
Oh, yeah, he’d known what it would do to her if she found out.
It would have broken her. 
* * *
 
Penny had slumped onto the stool by the bath, her head buried in her hands.
He squatted down beside her and put one hand up to her cheek. “Penny?”
“Don’t touch me.” She looked straight at him. He’d never seen that look in her eyes before and it scared him. “Just go, Brett. Just go.”
“That dare,” he began, “It didn’t mean anything.”
Her eyebrows shot up in disbelief. “If it didn’t mean anything, then why didn’t you tell me about it?”
“Because…” He swallowed down hard on a feeling very much like grief. “Penny, I love you.  More than anything. You know that.”
“But it was all a joke, wasn’t it?  The coolest guy in school dating the fattest girl in school just to amuse his friends?”
Brett inhaled sharply. “It was stupid. It was adolescent. You know how it was back then.”
“I fell in love with you, Brett. So tell me. What does that make me?” 
“I fell in love with you, too. On that very first date.”
“And did the whole football team talk about me? What did Brett the jock see in Penny Palmer?”
She was so close to the truth it ached. You’re taking Penny the Podge instead of Laura? They’d said. Are you insane?
Then there’d been study break, exams, school was over and new studies, new careers, new cities and, for some like Mitch, new countries beckoned. But Brett had been smitten with Penny Palmer. 
She swallowed. “I always knew they wondered why you were going out with me and I thought it was because you liked me. I’d helped you a few times with maths tutoring and we’d gotten along well and I just thought…” Her voice cracked. 
He tipped up her chin with his fingers. “I took you to that school ball because I wanted to. I’d have fought tooth and nail to be there with you.”
She gave a bitter half-laugh. “Easy to say, Brett. No one was queuing up to take me.”
And quietly, she told him, “I need to be on my own.” 
* * *
 
“Why didn’t you ever tell her?” They were standing on the deck, and Mitch handed him a cup of strong, black coffee. “I don’t get it. You’ve been married for ten years. Even I’m not that stupid.”
“How would it have made her feel if I had?” He stared down into his coffee but even the aroma couldn’t make him drink. “The thing is, I’d noticed Penny. Remember Brown, the dragon math teacher? Penny was sitting next to me in class one day when Brown sprung a question on me. Penny whispered me the answer and saved my skin and I never forgot that. Not long after, I came down with that virus and I was off school for a while.”
Mitch remembered. “You must have been off school for a month.”
“At least. So I got in touch with Penny and asked her if she could help me catch up and she agreed. We met at a café a few times and she tutored me and got me up to speed.”
He swallowed hard, remembering. “The thing is, I liked her right off the bat. She was different to the usual crowd, and I’d never have gotten to know that if it hadn’t been for that tutoring.”
“And the senior ball? What about that?”
“I couldn’t not take her. Even though we ran in different circles and she was Penny Palmer, the girl with the frizzy hair and the big glasses, I knew I wanted to take her. The more I knew her, the more attracted I was to her.”
He glanced over to the bedroom door.  He had never felt this bleak in his life. She’d come out of the bathroom five minutes ago and had stalked into their room. He didn’t have a clue what she was doing and he didn’t like not knowing.
“Penny and me,” he said, “I honestly believe we were meant to be. Like in the movies. Once we were together, just the two of us, when all the school bullshit was out of the way, and we were at college, we just clicked.”
“Whoa!” Mitch held up both hands. “Don’t go getting soft on me. It’ll be soul mates and kismet next.”
“That’s exactly what it is.”
“Then what are you doing talking to me?” Mitch pulled his car keys from his pocket, and gestured to the bedroom door. “Because if I had that, I sure as hell wouldn’t risk letting it go.”
* * *
 
She was not going to answer the door, so Brett pushed it open and went on through. She stood by the opened French doors, but she turned when he came in and stared at him hard. Probing.
Seconds passed. 
Finally, she said, “I heard what you said.”
“When?”
She gestured to the deck. “The windows are open. I heard what you told Mitch.”
She went over to the bed, and sat down. “Do you remember the first time we met at the café?”
“I’ll never forget.” After an hour sharing pizza with her while she’d gone through the weeks of lessons he’d missed, he’d found himself totally charmed. She was witty, funny, so smart and she was gorgeous. 
We’ve all been so stupid, he’d thought. Why do we look to the outside to judge, when what matters is underneath and sometimes, as with Penny, buried so deep few people ever get to know?
“I had wondered why you asked me to the ball,” she said.
He was silent.
“When I was waiting for you that night, and you were late, it hit me. You were the Head Boy, the captain of the football team, the guy every girl in school had a crush on. Why on earth would you ask out me, just some girl from your math class who’d helped you out? I knew that if you did show up, there was no point trying to impress you because it wouldn’t come to anything. Ever.”
He shook his head, confused. “What are you saying?”
“What I’m saying is...” She drew a deep breath. “I wasn’t nervous that night so I didn’t spend the whole time wondering, does he like me, is he going to ask me out again, all that stuff. I told myself there would only ever be one real date and what I said on that date didn’t matter, so I didn’t try to make you like me.” She paused. “If I’d known why you asked me out in the first place, I would have been hurt.”
“You’re hurt now.”
“I was hurt,” she corrected. “But I realized that how it happened doesn’t matter. What matters is that it did happen.”
He came over and sat on the bed alongside her, and she said, “With everything that’s been happening right now, with the success of my columns and getting the book contract, and the talks with the production company, with everything, I’ve forgotten that it’s all because of you. I wouldn’t be doing any of this if it wasn’t for you.”
“Yes, you would. Of course you would. It was always there in you.”
“But you brought it out of me. You. You’re the one who told me to follow my dreams when I wasn’t happy at college and give it all I’ve got, and ignore what everyone else said because you’d support me a hundred percent. You told me to stop hiding under big t-shirts and track pants, and to wear jeans and purple and pink and red, and all at the same time if I wanted to. You were the one who gave me confidence and that’s why I’ve got where I am today.”
He hadn’t done all that. Had he? “I did nothing. You did it yourself.” 
She shook her head and squeezed his hands firmly. “It’s only because of you, and if that dare hadn’t happened, then we wouldn’t be here and I wouldn’t have all this. I owe you everything, Brett.”
She put her hands either side of his face, drew him to her, and as she kissed him, relief engulfed him. Relief that he hadn’t screwed up, and relief that right there, in the touch of her skin on his, he felt everything he needed to know. 
Pen was okay. They were okay.
He put his arms around her, and drew her even closer to him.
“You’re wrong,” he murmured as he closed his eyes against the softness of her hair, the scent and feel of her. “Because you’ve made my life what it is, Penny Palmer.  I owe you everything.”
 
THE END

 
OTHELLO’S HOUR
 
  
The note read, Call me about Othello. Melinda. 
Greg glanced at the notepaper as he walked through the front door and popped open a can of cola.
One day, he thought wistfully, he might just get home and find Mel Goddard had left him a note that had nothing to do with that big, black beast masquerading as a cat. One day.
He stuck the note to his fridge like he’d stuck dozens of notes over the past 18 months. The first note, long since tossed in the bin, had read, Is the large black cat who insists on sleeping on my couch yours?
These days the notes tended to be about Othello’s welfare.  Just last week he’d found a note in his letter box that had read, I’ve been feeding Othello but he’s always hungry. Maybe he should see a vet? That was a little unfair as several of the neighbors were pretty good at looking out for Othello and his culinary needs when he was away on assignment. Naturally, Othello took full advantage of it.
Greg rarely spoke to Mel, even though she lived only a few houses down. It hadn’t escaped him that if it weren’t for Othello, he would probably never have had the opportunity to speak to her in the first place – which brought him back to the note.
What on earth had the cat done now?  He finished off his drink and aimed the can at the bin. It was no surprise Othello had taken a fancy to Mel. She was attractive, for an accountant.
But Othello… Othello wasn’t one to shy away from making his feelings known about the women Greg knew. He’d clawed tights, shed hair on elegant dresses, and although it was ludicrous, Greg was convinced Othello had once deliberately knocked a glass of wine over Lucy someone or other’s white jeans. 
Yet he’d taken a definite fancy to Mel Goddard. And he’s not the only one. Greg grabbed his keys and ignored the butterflies in his stomach.
It took thirty seconds to walk around to Mel’s. It took three for her to open her door.
“Hey,” she said. She wore dark jeans, a white t-shirt and stepped back to let him in.
When he’d first met her she’d had short, blonde curly hair. Then she’d had it straightened and dyed black. Now it was shoulder length and he suspected this was its original brown - except maybe for the red highlights.  Whether as nature intended or with a little assistance, he liked it.
“I read your note,” Greg said. “What’s he done now?”
“It’s what he hasn’t done. He hasn’t been around for a few days and I’m getting worried.” Mel said it without her usual grin. “I‘ve left food out for him but he hasn’t been near. This isn’t like him.”
They sat down at the kitchen table and Greg thought.  “Now you mention it, I haven’t seen him for a while either.” But then, he was away so much anyway, reporting on international events for the local TV network.
Mel sat opposite with her elbows on the table, hands clasped under her chin, brown eyes on him.  That you-don’t-deserve-Othello look she’d graced him with before.
“I put some cat treats out for him,” Greg went on, “and he didn’t touch them. I figured it was because they were a new brand. I was going to buy some more.” His voice trailed off at the knowing frown making its way across Mel’s forehead.
“Don’t look at me like that,” he said defensively. “I was going to get some today but I just never got around to going to the supermarket.”
“I don’t even know why you have a cat like Othello. I really think you don’t like him much at all.”
“He’s all right. For a cat.”
Her eyes flashed. “He is an incredible animal.”  She sighed and looked down at the cat bowl in the corner. “I just hope he’s OK.”
“He’ll be all right. Don’t worry.”
“Didn’t you wonder where he was before now?”
“No,” he admitted. “I figured if he wasn’t with me he’d be over here.” Greg didn’t add he’d imagined Othello lying on the sofa with her, and he certainly didn’t tell her he’d imagined himself in the cat’s place.
He cleared his throat. “If he doesn’t come back by tomorrow, I’ll call the SPCA.”
He didn’t say anything more.  Mel looked at him as if she was about to burst into tears and even he had to admit that the thought of Othello not being around wasn’t a good one.
He reached across and laid his hand over hers. Her skin was warm and soft beneath his. They fit together well.
He could see them quite clearly walking along a beach, hand in hand. Or maybe watching a movie and her reaching out to him at the scary bits…
He snapped out of it. “Nothing bad has happened to him. He’s a tough old guy.”
He was about to joke he suspected the big black cat was in fact some sort of mutant super cat when he heard a miaow, a piteous version of Othello’s usual bellow.
Greg stared at Mel whose mouth had dropped open.
“Othello?” she whispered.
“Don’t raise your hopes,” he warned, rising from the chair, but he knew that sound. He had to live with it. The sound came again. They followed it down the hall past the spare room that doubled as her office to the lounge.
Othello was nowhere to be seen but the decibel level on his miaow had increased. And it sounded like it was…
“I don’t believe it.” Greg stared at the ceiling. “It darn well sounds like he’s up in the attic.”
“How on earth could he have gotten up there?”
“Because he’s crazy and he’s out to make my life even more manic than it already is.” Greg stood with his hands on his hips. “Where’s your trapdoor to the loft?”
“Back in the hall,” she said, leading the way. “But I’ve never been up there.”
She fetched a stepladder and Greg climbed up. He pushed open the magnolia painted wooden hatch and shivered involuntarily. He wasn’t fond of climbing ladders and he was even less fond of attics.
He climbed until he was head and shoulders above the ceiling. Odd shafts of light shone through the darkness and Othello miaowed. 
Squinting, Greg made out a pair of cat’s eyes glaring back at him.
“And just what the heck do you think you’re doing?” he demanded.  Othello let out a plaintive miaow.
“Is he all right?” Mel called anxiously. “Can you see him?”
“Yeah, he’s here. He’s glaring at me.”
“Thank goodness. I hope he isn’t hurt.”
“Attila the Hun couldn’t hurt that animal. Maybe we should leave the hatch open so he can make his way back down in his own good time. At least we know where he is now.”
“Othello’s not good at jumping. I’ve seen him leap out of trees and nearly kill himself when he landed.”
“Probably attention seeking. Or else all that weight made him over balance.”     
“I’ll ignore that,” Mel called up. “But we can’t leave him up there. Poor baby, he must be frightened to death.”
She so clearly adored the cat – his cat – that he knew he had no choice.
Cursing under his breath, he hoisted himself up into the roof space. It reminded him of every nightmare he’d ever had as a kid.
Maybe, he considered half- heartedly, Mel would look at him in a new light now, think of him as some sort of super hero. He squinted and tried to focus but it was so dark and he had no idea if there were wires or cables or venomous spiders lurking. You have reported from war zones, he reminded himself.
“Have you got a torch?” he called down.
“Yes. I’ll get it.”
She was back in a few minutes and she climbed the ladder behind him. “Maybe I should come up, too. I could hold the torch or something.”
Greg glanced down wryly. “While I try to grab this vicious cat, you’ll hold the torch?”
“You hold it then. I’ll get Othello.”
Mel passed the torch to him and with much grunting levered herself up into the attic.
When she joined him, he couldn’t take his eyes off her. The torchlight cast a warm glow on her face and as she looked around she was, Greg thought, quite something.
Her eyes suddenly met his and she joked, “Bet you never thought we’d end up here.”
“I’ve imagined more interesting places we could end up,” he replied wryly. It was probably a trick of the light – or the dark – but for a few seconds he could swear she was blushing.
A sharp miaow broke the moment and he chuckled. “Othello, you daft feline.”
“Well, you know what they say about cats. You can’t own them. They own you.”
“He can be very cunning.”
“You just said he was daft.”
“That, too.”
“Sounds a little contradictory to me. You being the journalist and all. Could you pass the torch, please?”
“When it comes to Othello,” he said as he handed over the torch, “everything is a contradiction. Speaking of which, I’ve lost him again. Can you see him?”
“He’s over there.” Mel shone the light over to a corner and then handed the torch back to Greg. For a moment, their hands touched. Greg felt the jolt and wondered if she felt it too.
Mel started calling the cat, clicking her fingers together. “Othello? Come here, kitty, kitty. Come on, Othello, good kitty.” Her voice rose and fell with myriad inflections.
Wasted, Greg sighed. All that passion and adoration lavished on a cat like Othello, and even sadder because the animal wasn’t budging.
Now if she’d been calling me like that, Greg thought enviously, I’d have come running.
She was still clucking her tongue and Othello was still staring at them both. Occasionally he miaowed.
“He could be injured,” Mel pronounced.
“If that cat was hurt,” Greg surmised, “he’d be lying on your sofa so you could tend to his cat needs. He would not be up here playing games.”
“You know, this isn’t like him at all. It’s like you said – he’s playing. Maybe he’s having us on.”
The idea wasn’t new to Greg, despite the names he’d given the cat over the years. He’d suspected for some time there was more ticking behind those green eyes than Othello liked to let on.
He glanced at Mel. She was so close to him he could smell her perfume. He had no idea what it was, but he’d noticed it on her before. And liked it.
She turned to him and Greg thought how downright bizarre it was that they were sitting in an attic looking at a cat who clearly had no desire to be removed.
“There’s something I’ve been wondering about for some time,” she said. “How did you come to call him Othello? Is he quite a jealous cat?”
Greg laughed softly. “Actually it was my -.” He paused for a moment. “It was my ex-wife who named him. She was a drama student when we met. They were rehearsing Othello.”
“I never thought… that is, it never occurred to me…”
“We’re divorced,” Greg said. “Seems like a life time ago now.”
Mel considered this for a moment. “If you don’t mind me asking, how long ago is a life time ago?”
“Four years. Before you moved in.”
“And Othello was hers?”
Greg nodded. “I was never much of a cat person.”
“Didn’t she want to keep him?”
“Yeah, she did, and she tried, but he kept coming back. One time, he disappeared from her new place and two weeks later turned up on my doorstep.”
“Poor baby.”
“He was okay. Just tired and hungry. We don’t know how he got back here but he made it one piece. So we had to make a decision. It was hard for her; she loved him and she’d had him since he was a kitten.”
“It sounds like it was Othello who made the decision to stay.”
“I guess it was,” Greg murmured. “In the end it worked out. She moved overseas so she knows he’s safe with me.”
He could almost imagine Mel’s eyebrows arching in disbelief. He’s safe with me. So maybe he hadn’t been the best owner Othello could have had. And maybe that feeling starting to bug him was guilt because of it. 
He saw a movement in a corner and murmured, “What are you up to, you old moggy?”
A miaow sounded and simultaneously, they laughed. 
In the torchlight, Mel flashed him a smile. “Maybe he really does like you if he keeps coming back.”
“I’m glad he does.” Oddly, he meant it.
“Finally, we see a compassionate side to the hardened journalist.”
“If I wasn’t compassionate, I wouldn’t be concerned about Othello’s welfare,” Greg replied, while his mind worked overtime to analyze her “hardened journalist” comment.
Another miaow sounded, this time closer. At the same moment, Greg and Mel called out, “Here, kitty kitty.”
A warm furry body wound around them, rubbing his face against one, then the other. Othello had never displayed such affection before. 
He reached out to stroke his black coat and was rewarded with a purr. “He’s mellowing,” Greg said with some suspicion.
“Or maybe he was listening and he figured you aren’t as tough as you like people to think you are.”
“Do you really think I’m tough and unfeeling?”
Mel scratched Othello under his chin. “You give that impression.”
“I don’t mean to.”
“I’m sure you don’t.” She continued scratching Othello as she glanced up at Greg. “But you do.”
“I’m sorry if that…well if that made you uncomfortable.”
“It doesn’t make me uncomfortable. Not really. Well,” she amended, “actually, yes. It’s very hard to strike up a conversation with someone who’s so unapproachable.”
“I get preoccupied with work a lot.” He sounded defensive, and he hated that he did.
“I know. I watch the news most nights on TV.”
He’d never considered that. Unexpectedly, it pleased him, and he told her, “I’m surprised.”
“You shouldn’t be. You’re very good at seeing both sides of a situation.”
Her compliment pleased him even more and he said, “My contract is coming to an end and I’m considering not renewing it. I’ve been offered a position with the network’s current affairs show, based here.  I need a break from all the crazy.”
“I think you do, too.”
“Why do you say that?”
“The black around your eyes is a dead giveaway. That and the frowning.”
That she’d noticed made him think that maybe, just maybe, there was a chance. He cleared his throat. “Listen, I don’t know if you had anything planned for tonight.”
“Personal tax returns for clients, actually.”
“When we eventually get down from here I was thinking...”
“The answer is most likely going to be yes.”
“Yes to what?”
“Yes to dinner.”
He grinned. “What makes you think I’m asking you to dinner?”
“Because I’m starving and I’d bet last year’s charity deductions you are too. And if you’re not, then I’ll ask you out to dinner.”
There was a loud miaow between them and Mel picked him up, held him close to her. He purred and even in the dim light, contentment, or something like it, seemed to beam from his black face.
“His name suits him.” She stroked his silky albeit now-covered-in-dust-and-cobwebs coat. “He looks a very jealous cat to me.” She glanced up at Greg. “I hope that isn’t something he’s learned from you. I don’t know if I can have dinner with a man prone to jealousy.”
“Jealousy,” Greg said, conveniently forgetting he’d envied his cat’s rapport with Mel over the past 18 months, “is Othello’s domain.”
They both watched him, his eyes closed as Mel continued to stroke him. He looked satisfied. Very satisfied. Maybe even too satisfied if that was possible for a cat.
“It’s weird but if I didn’t know better,” Mel said slowly.
“Sometimes,” Greg murmured, “even though I know it is completely irrational, I get the feeling Othello...”
They looked at each other.
She said, “What was he doing up here in the first place?”
“And how come you didn’t hear him until I was in your house?”
They both looked at Othello, the same smug look on his handsome black face. 
* * *
Othello lay his weary head on his paws and closed his eyes. Two days he’d been up in her attic; two miserable days and that had not been part of the plan. He’d figured a day at the most to get them to come to their senses and then they’d all be on their way to happy-ever-after. 
Still, better late than never. He opened his eye a fraction to see Greg lean towards Mel and he hastily shut it again. There were some things a cat could tolerate; there were others he had no wish to see.
He purred with satisfaction as finally he let sleep claim him. 
 
THE END
 

 
HEAVEN SENT
 
 
Tracey first heard the girl over the fence, her high pitched laughter followed by a male voice cheering her on.
Looking out between the plants she’d repotted, she had a clear view of her neighbor’s back garden.
A man stood beside a trampoline while the girl jumped. The girl’s blonde hair was braided, and she looked six or seven. The man was dark haired, wore jeans and a T-shirt, somewhere in his mid-30s. 
So that’s the new neighbor.
She folded her arms and watched them.
She’d heard there was a child in the family; there had been no mention of a wife. For a few days now she’d seen the car parked in front of the sprawling villa at odd hours, and yesterday she’d watched a removal truck back up to the front veranda. She’d meant to go over and introduce herself and had even planned on making some cookies to take with her.
Well, there was no time like the present. She washed her hands under the outside tap, and headed for the kitchen.
She hadn’t baked in months. At one time, it had been every week for her sons, Liam and Jon. They were both living away from home, at university. Tracey quickly made the cookie dough, cut out circles and placed them on a tray. She made icing and when the cookies had baked and cooled, she iced and decorated them, put half a dozen on a plate and stepped outside.
It was still quiet for a Sunday afternoon, but then, this was a quiet neighborhood and it suited her. She loved the tree-lined streets with the cottage gardens and the graceful, villa-style houses. She especially liked her new neighbor’s house.
It was infamous with the locals and for decades had been known as the Summerfield place. The Summerfields had lived there for over 40 years and had only sold up because they were getting on in years and fancied retiring to an apartment complex closer to their daughter in the city. The property had been on the market for over a year. As George Summerfield had told Tracey many times, he could smell a developer a mile away. He wasn’t selling to anyone who was going to knock down his home just to build townhouses and make some easy money, but this guy, he’d told her, the day he’d signed the agreement, was the one. He’d assured her she’d like this one.
He must, Tracey thought, as she walked up the veranda steps, be almost perfect to live up to George Summerfield’s standard.
Tracey knocked but had barely drawn a breath before the front door flew open and there was the girl she’d seen earlier, looking up at her. 
For a moment the girl stared, suspicion and curiosity on her face.
“Hi.” Tracey hesitated, then held out her hand, not expecting the girl to take it. She did and shook it.  On closer examination she was older than she’d first thought.  Probably eight or nine.
“I’m Tracey, your neighbor. I thought I’d come over and say hello. And bring you some cookies.”
The girl’s eyes opened wide. “Cool. Can I have one now?”
“Ah, it might be best to ask your Dad first.” Or your mum.
“I’ll just get him. He’s on the phone.” And she cupped her hands around her mouth and bellowed, “We’ve got a neighbor and she’s brought cookies. They’ve got faces on them and she said I can have one but first I have to ask you and I’m starving to death.”
“Hold on, Charlotte,” a man’s voice sounded, and then he was striding down the long hallway towards them.
His fist was clenched around a cordless phone, and his forehead was furrowed in a way that made her think, bad news. As he drew closer, she saw his eyes were dark, as dark as his hair, and they were trained on her. 
She felt something she hadn’t experienced in a very long time – the jolt of pure attraction.
Ignore it. For all you know the man is happily married.
“So you’re our new neighbor.”  He held out his hand. “I’m Adam Waters.”
“Tracey Carlisle.” She took his hand.  His was the perfect fit for hers.
And somehow, without even noticing, his daughter had managed to take the plate of cookies and was eyeing up the vanilla iced faces.
“And you’ve met Charlotte I see.” 
“I have. I’ve been meaning to come over and say hello and welcome you-” She stopped. Should she say “both of you” or “you and your wife” or “to welcome you and your family?”
“To welcome you and your family to the neighborhood,” she said finally.
“Thanks, Tracey.” He put Charlotte in a loose headlock, and she pulled away in annoyance. “Dad, I’m not a baby.”
“But as for the family, it’s a pretty small one. Just me and Charlotte. And since you brought these over and they look so good, would you like to come in and I’ll make coffee to go with them. I found the French press last night.” He eyed the cookies, then Charlotte. “That is, if the adults are allowed to eat them.”
“You can have one,” she said, leading them both in the direction of the kitchen.
In the kitchen, Tracey took a seat around the wooden table, and Charlotte chatted about how much she liked the house and the garden. She described her bedroom and told Tracey her father was going to buy her wallpaper to match the duvet cover of a singer Tracey had only vaguely heard of.
“I had no idea that wallpaper even existed,” Tracey commented.
“Me neither. Charlotte insists it does.” Adam leant against the counter as they waited for the coffee. “But I’m hoping she’s wrong. I’m reluctant to go on the internet to find out.” He looked thoughtfully across at his daughter.  “I was thinking more of a nice Beatrix Potter or something with puppies.”
“Oh, Dad,” Charlotte groaned, and she made to leave the kitchen. “I’m not a little kid any more. Can I go and watch TV?”
“Okay. But don’t sit too close to it. You’ll get…”
“Square eyes.  I know.” She took a cookie and when she’d gone, Tracey said, “You have a very charming daughter.”
“Thanks.” He rubbed his hands wearily over his face, and she remembered the phone call earlier.
“Was the phone call bad news?” she asked carefully.
Adam pinged the sugar bowl with his finger. “Actually it was both good and bad.”
He went to pour the coffee and a minute later set the cups with the still swirling dark coffee in front of them. He pushed the milk towards her but sipped his black.
“Since we moved here, my sister Shona has been caring for Charlotte after school.  We were renting closer to town near Shona’s place until I found a house. Shona’s pregnant so it was only ever going to be a temporary thing until I found a housekeeper.  But the phone call was from my brother-in-law, James.  They’re at the hospital and it seems Junior is about to make an appearance a few weeks early.”
“Ah.” Tracey recognized the look on his face. She’d seen it enough in the mirror when her boys were growing up. “I take it you’ve got no one to care for Charlotte after school tomorrow?”
He glanced ruefully at her. “I don’t suppose you know anyone who could do the job, until I get permanent care sorted?”
Privately, Tracey wondered where Charlotte’s mother was but didn’t ask. “Off hand, I don’t. What school does she go to?”
He named a private school not far from the town center. “I enrolled her there when we first moved but I imagine she’ll change to the local primary at the beginning of next year. But for now…”
Tracey tapped her fingers on the table top.  “The school is just a couple of miles along the road from my shop.”
Adam raised his eyebrows. “Shop?”
“I’m a florist.  I often see the girls walking past. Adam, why don’t I look after her until you get something sorted?”
“No.” He protested immediately. “I couldn’t ask that of you. We’ve only just met and – no. I couldn’t impose.”
“It’s not imposing.  I’m sure Charlotte and I will get along just fine, and I can pick her up in time for my late afternoon deliveries. What would it be for? Three hours? A blip in my day.”
“You might have to revise it being a ‘blip’. She talks. Quite a lot.”
“I had noticed.”
“I am assured by her teachers she’ll grow out of it.” He frowned. “Though I think the phrase ‘by puberty’ may have been mentioned. In fact,” he inclined his head, “I can hear her now. What’s the bet she’s talking at the TV?”
Tracey leant back in her chair and couldn’t remember the last time she’d felt this relaxed. Most of the men she met in her shop were either buying flowers in the grip of new love, or buying them out of guilt for reasons she did her best not to speculate on.  “I’m told I talked non-stop when I was her age, too, so don’t worry. I’m sure I can handle her for a few hours tomorrow.”
He nodded, considered what she’d said. “Then, yes. I would be very grateful if you could do that.” 
“Then it’s a deal.”
They drank their coffee, discussed the headache of moving house, and Tracey’s empathy grew for Adam.  She’d been there and it was hard. No matter who you were, things were going to crop up, throw you in to a tailspin, make you doubt you were a good parent. 
“Do you have children?” he asked suddenly.
“Yes. Twin sons, Liam and Jon. They’re nineteen.”
“Do they live at home?”
“Not any more. They’re away at university.” She selected a cookie from the plate, took a bite from a corner.  “That’s why I really do know what you’re going through with Charlotte.”
“Tell me,” he said. “I need to hear that other single parents have these problems but all I’m hearing are words of sympathy from friends and family who aren’t doing it on their own. But when something goes wrong-.” He gestured to the lounge and to Charlotte. “People like my sister and her husband have each other. Not always, granted, but there are two of you trying to figure it out.”
Tracey set her coffee down. “When the boys started school, I had to take a full-time job and I had so many problems finding someone to look after them once school was out. I’d have the occasional steady babysitter, or friends and neighbors helping out, then they’d have to stop for any number of reasons, and I’d have to rely on someone else. There were days I’d ring everyone I knew so there’d be someone to pick them up from school because the arrangement had fallen through.” She pulled a jellybean from the cookie. “There was this one time a neighbor was looking after the boys, and she rang me at work one day, at five to three, to say she couldn’t pick them up.  One of her kids had fractured her wrist and she had to rush her to Accident and Emergency.  I didn’t know what to do, so I just dropped everything in the office and raced to school.  By the time I got there, through all the traffic, the boys were the very last children waiting.” 
She had to stop, take a breath. That familiar pang was there in her stomach, in her chest.  Even after all this time, it hadn’t gone away.
“Were they okay?” Adam asked.
Tracey nodded.  “They were.  They were sitting on their school bags, just looking around, waiting and chatting away to each other. But there were no other kids there, no other parents; just the boys and a teacher who had to stay with them. The minute they saw me, you could see the relief on their faces and I felt so…”  It was hard to describe what she felt. Guilt didn’t come close. “I didn’t have a cell phone back then so I couldn’t call the school to say I was on my way, to reassure them.”
She sipped her coffee, wished the constriction in her throat would go. It was twelve years ago for Pete’s sake. Once they were in the car, on the way home, the boys hadn’t given it another thought. If she brought it up now, they’d think she was losing it, roll their eyes and demand she let it go.
But she did remember.
As clear as if it were last week, not twelve years ago; both boys sitting, waiting. Alone except for the teacher who had to mind them. 
“I figured I’d lost my job the way I flew out of the office. Employers can be nervous hiring single parents and I’d just proved why. But my boss, he understood, and it gave me the resolve to work my butt off to get my own business so if I had to leave, I was accountable to no one but myself. Which,” she added, “I managed to do.”
“What happened to the afterschool care?”
She raised her arms. “It got sorted out.  I found a woman who lived a few doors down from the school, and I paid her to take the boys in the afternoons. She was in her sixties, grandmotherly, and I think she was a little lonely, so having the boys was a godsend for her and the extra money gave a boost to her pension. The boys still drop in to see her and say hi when they’re back in town.”
Her voice trailed off as she realized Adam was watching her with a half smile, half frown. She apologized.  “You don’t need to hear about what can go wrong.”
“Oh, I do. It shows you can only do what you can do. Your best.” His mouth curled. “I could name a few moments with Charlotte that will no doubt come back to haunt me.  But she seems to have forgotten them.” He rapped his knuckles on the table.  “Touch wood. It seems to be the price we have to pay raising our kids on our own.”
“Guilt is an awfully crippling emotion and when a child is involved even more so. Which is why,” she added, “I’m offering to help you out tomorrow, and if you need it, the whole week. Charlotte will be safe with me. I’ll pick her up from school and we’ll come back here after work. You won’t have to worry about a thing.”
He’d been watching her intently while she’d spoken and now he asked, “Do you mind if I ask you about the boys’ father?”
Tracey pulled off some chocolate, tasted it, let it melt on her tongue as she gathered her thoughts. David. She hadn’t thought about him in years, but then, it had been so long ago. The cliché   “lifetime” ago. 
“He left when the twins were barely a year old.  David and I were only 19 when I fell pregnant. It wasn’t meant to happen, but it did and once the shock and the embarrassment of being so stupid had gone away, I really wanted to be a parent. Only David didn’t, and in many ways I can’t blame him. I took to my role a lot more easily than he did.”
“You were both so young,” Adam murmured.  “I can’t imagine having kids so young.”
She looked up, met his gaze head on. “You cope.  Just like you’re coping now.”
He inclined his head. “Were you married?”
“No, I’ve never been married.” She looked at Daniel. “You?”
“Charlotte’s mother and I…” He toyed with his cup. “We were married a couple of years before Charlotte was born.  Linda passed away six years ago. She’d always wanted kids and we’d planned on having a big family.” He sighed, a sigh loaded with regret. “Yet Charlotte doesn’t even remember her now.”
The sadness in his eyes was deep. How awful to love your child with all your heart and for them never to remember you?  She said the only thing she could. “I’m sorry.”  She reached over impulsively, and put her hand over his.
He looked up at her and she said, “I think Charlotte is a great kid. I know it’s early days but it seems to me she’s got a great start in life.  You’re lucky to have each other.”
“Thank you. I mean it.”
She took her hand off his and he said, “It’s been good, just sitting here like this. I don’t get the time to sit down and talk things out. Since we moved here we’ve been house hunting and there are always a million things to sort out.  But you know what it’s like, this constant struggle between work and home.”
“What do you do?” she asked. 
“I’m a solicitor with Chisholm Philips.”
One of the top firms in the city.  No doubt with the pressures to match the prestige.
“Just remember that until you get something sorted, Charlotte has got herself a new afterschool friend. Deal?”
He held out his hand, and they shook on it. “Deal,” he murmured.
And she had the feeling that she had just taken on more than caring for his child.
* * *
 
The first day worked well.  Tracey picked Charlotte up from school and then took her around in the van as they made deliveries to the local hospital.  They stopped in at McDonalds on the way back, and at the shop, Charlotte did some homework and watched TV.  They arrived home well before six, with Charlotte chattering away. No doubt Adam had mastered the art of listening with half an ear. Tracey supposed she had as well, when the boys were young. How much would he learn tonight about baby’s breath and dahlias? More than he needed to know, she bet.
They sat on the back patio and Tracey quickly got up to speed on which boys tween girls were having crushes on, before Adam appeared from round the side of the house, briefcase in one hand, car keys in the other. He’d loosened his tie. “I could hear you all the way up the road,” he teased as he kissed Charlotte on the forehead. “How did it go?”
“Cool,” Charlotte told him. 
“Cool.” He frowned. “Is that it?”
Charlotte rolled her eyes. “Tracey told me to save all the details for when I got home.”
Tracey shrugged her shoulders. “What can I say? I believe in father daughter bonding time.”
“I bet.” He was suddenly serious and he lowered his voice. “Was she okay?”
“She was great. I finished my work and Charlotte got some of hers finished. I think we can survive each other a few more days.”
“It shouldn’t be for much longer. I’ve got interviews lined up this week with an agency for a housekeeper and I’ve had a few recommendations as well.” He rubbed his hands through his hair.  “I’m kicking myself for not doing this ages ago.”
“Dad, when can I see Aunt Shona’s baby?” Charlotte wanted to know.
“In a few days.”
“Aw, Dad,” she complained. “I’m just sick of waiting.”
“The baby is barely two days old.”
Tracey beckoned to the kitchen. “I’ve got something for you. Be back in a sec.”
She came back a minute later, and handed him a container. “Have the rest of these cookies, you and Charlotte. Gone are the days when I could knock them back and not suffer the consequences.”
He took the container. “I owe you.”
She brushed his comment aside. “No, you don’t.”
“Yes. I do. You look after my daughter, you feed us. It’s like you were heaven sent and I haven’t always been lucky with neighbors before. And so, to repay the favor, any time - if you ever need anything, or a handyman to do some jobs for you, at any time, just ask.”
The look he gave her sent a shiver right down to her toes.  She’d known him 24 hours but that seemed irrelevant. 
“Listen.”  He lowered his voice. “If you’re free in the weekend, would you like to come over one evening?  I can’t guarantee Charlotte will be asleep but I can make a good latte. Or open a bottle of wine.”
Awareness zinged between them. “That sounds good,” she murmured.
They’d go slowly, of course. There was time, plenty of time and there was Charlotte to consider. Not to mention two overly protective nineteen year olds who’d be home in a few weeks on holiday. 
But it did seem more than co-incidence. Of all the people to have bought the Summerfield place…
His phone rang, broke the moment and he apologized. “I’m expecting this call. I won’t be a minute.” He pulled the phone from his pocket and stepped back outside to the patio.
Next to her, Charlotte said, “I wouldn’t.”
“Wouldn’t what?”
“Ask him to help you. He thinks he can fix things, but he can’t. He’ll probably burn your house down or something.” She looked up, her face deadly serious.  “But if you need to go to court, Aunt Shona says he’s your man.”
“Should I ever need a lawyer, I’ll remember that,” Tracey murmured.
Adam came back inside then, pocketing his phone. “I’ve got some calls to make, and I better get madam home, fix something for dinner. And thank you again for taking care of my daughter.” 
“And the cookies,” Charlotte interjected. “You have to thank Tracey for them.”
“I hadn’t forgotten the cookies.” His gaze held hers long enough to make her breath catch in her throat, and her heart race. He wasn’t the only one who’d gotten lucky in the neighbor stakes. 
“I’ll see you same time tomorrow evening,” he murmured.
Anticipation shot through her, warming her in a way she hadn’t felt in – too long for her to remember.  She took a deep breath. “I’ll look forward to it.” 
He took Charlotte’s hand and they walked back down the deck to the lawn. Already Tracey heard the words “baby’s bread” and she watched a moment longer until they were out of sight.
Her phone began to ring, and she quickly went back inside and grabbed the receiver. She stopped in her tracks when she heard George Summerfield’s voice.
“I’m calling to check up on my house,” he boomed. “To see if it’s still in one piece just like I left it or if the new people have decided to go and remodel what doesn’t need remodeling.” He hesitated, cleared his throat. “So, ah, have you met them? The new neighbors? They moved in yet?”
“They moved in on the weekend,” she told him as she went through to the lounge. 
“And?” George demanded impatiently. 
“And what?”
He sighed with exasperation. “And what do you think of him? I mean,” he retracted hastily, “the family. The little girl.” He growled, “darn it, Trace, you know what the blazes I mean.”
“Yes, I know what you mean.” Suddenly, it all made sense. George was a born romantic and he’d been on at her for years to find someone and not dwindle away into spinsterhood now the boys were growing up. Clearly he thought she was incapable of finding him on her own.
Down the phone line, he hooted. “So, you like him, huh?”
“George, I’m not sixteen, I’m not answering that.”  Her cheeks burned. Good grief, she was behaving like a sixteen year old. 
George sighed knowingly. “Tracey, my darling, we are all still sixteen years old, whether we like it or not, whether we ever admit it or not. Age has got nothing to do with it. So tell me. Do you like him?”
She kicked off her shoes, her face still hot. George Summerfield was stubborn and opinionated, and he’d been like a father to her these past few years, a father who had made no bones about the fact she was wasting her life with all work and no play. 
She sank down on to the sofa, stretched out, and closed her eyes. It had the potential to be a long conversation and oddly, she was looking forward to it.
“Yes,” she admitted finally. “Yes, I do like him. I like him a lot.”  
 
 
THE END


ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 Joanne writes contemporary romance - both short stories and novels - that are sometimes funny but will (hopefully!) always leave you feeling a little happier with the world.  Her novel “Falling for Jack” (2013) was a Readers' Choice winner in the RWNZ Clendon award. A long time fan of Mills and Boon, her project for her Masters (MIS) degree looked at the relationship between Mills and Boon category novels and readers advisory in public libraries.  Joanne lives with her family in New Zealand


Keep reading for a preview first chapter of Daniel’s Bride
Also available...  Falling for Jack AND Blue Creek Batchelor
 
  
DANIEL’S BRIDE
Chapter One
 
 
Give her a kid with a complex, any complex, and she was in her element. 
Teenage kids, confused kids, kids that suffered acne, unrequited love, and parents that didn’t understand them, and she was there. 
Little kids, however, were something else.
Mel shot a wary glance at the toddler in her arms, a two year old called Britney who had jam on her face, sand stuck to the jam, and a lethal Barbie in her pudgy fist.  Mel felt as far out of her comfort zone as she could get.
“Mama,” Britney squealed, waving the doll.
“Mummy will be here soon.” Mel jerked her head back as the Barbie came an inch away from connecting with her nose.  “I bet she’s finished all her shopping and she’s parking her car right now and before you know it, we’ll be having a barbeque back at the campsite.” She glanced up towards the South Sydney beach car park to see if Diane was there, hopefully with one hand ready to take her children, and the other holding a bag of food.  There was only a tall, dark haired man stalking down the grass bank towards the beach. He took long, angry strides, the tails of his cream shirt flapping around his hips. He glanced at her, the briefest look, and continued walking, a don’t-bother-me-and-I-won’t-bother-you warning written in every step he took.
Suits me just fine.
She tensed as Eli, Britney’s spawn of Satan brother, hurtled over the damp sand, dragging a dodgy kite behind him.
She called, “Watch out, Eli, you’re not looking where you’re going.”
He ignored her, ran back up the end of the beach, spun around and made his way back, intent on the kite and its dismal attempts to get lift off. 
Britney wriggled as Eli sped past and Mel cautioned again, “Eli, be careful.”  Her words carried back towards her on a breeze of sea air. 
Britney began to whine, and Mel jiggled her. “There, there, it’s okay. Mummy’s nearly here, I’m sure of it. She’s nearly here, Brits.” 
Or maybe she wasn’t nearly here at all. Maybe she’d decided to keep on driving past the shops and wasn’t coming back.  Mel glanced over towards the campsite. They’d only met a few days ago when they’d helped each other set up their tents, and she suspected Diane was suffering mild depression.
Or maybe it wasn’t mild at all. Maybe, in the months since she’d resigned from her job at the school, Mel had lost her touch. Had lost the ability to see what wasn’t so obvious to everyone else.  Unease settled in her stomach  the same time as Eli ran straight into the path of the man walking into the ankle height waves.
 “Watch out!” The warning froze on Mel’s lips as Eli connected with solid thigh, throwing them both off balance. The man fell, taking Eli with him into the edges of the surf.
Mel’s heart raced in panic as she set Britney down.
“Wadder,” Brittney squealed as she toddled towards the sea.
“Brits, no,” Melinda yelled, swooping her up just in time.
Dread pounded her as the man grabbed Eli and stood up. His pants were wet, his shirt tails soaking, and Eli yelled, “My kite, my kite,” as the kite drifted down the beach.
The man looked with distaste at Eli, holding him out as if he was something indescribably nasty.
Mel jogged the short distance, Britney laughing with each bounce, and when she reached him, she apologized. “I’m so sorry this has happened.” 
His cool gaze zeroed in on Britney, then back to Mel. She felt the urge to squirm, and said hastily, “Eli, say sorry to the man for knocking him over.”
Eli shook his head firmly, yelled, “I want my kite,” and tried to escape the man’s grip.
The man addressed Eli. “I have no idea what they are teaching your mother in parenting school, but clearly, they’ve failed.”
Mel stiffened. It was one thing to consider herself a failure as a potential parent, but quite another to have it confirmed by a complete stranger.
She breathed in deeply, “I am sorry about this, but it is a beach. Flying kites is what kids do on beaches.”
His blue-grey eyes stared at her as if she had just muttered the earth was square.  “The child could have drowned.”
“He wasn’t about to drown, I was watching him.”
One eyebrow lifted.
She ignored it, and said to Eli, his arms still waving around for the kite, “You’re meant to watch where you’re running with that kite. I told you that a million -”
She pulled herself up. She hadn’t actually told him a million times at all, maybe four or five, but it felt like a million. No wonder His Lordship thought she was the mother.
He set Eli down, and Eli promptly turned back to Mel, and wrapped his arms around her legs so tight, she had to struggle not to fall down. 
“There, there, Eli,” she murmured, as he buried his face against her jeans and she patted his head. Someone loves me, she thought, then quickly pushed the pity party away. She was here to forget about Max and the wedding, not dwell on it.
She gathered herself, and glanced back at the man. He was well over six foot, with coal black hair that grazed his shirt collar,  a slightly square cut to his chin,  and shoulders broad enough to make you feel protected.  A pulse of awareness zipped through her. To her surprise, it felt good. Made her feel as if she was alive after all, and not the cold sack of spuds Max had accused her of being. “Look, I am truly sorry about all this.”
He continued to glare.  His face seemed to be getting darker which was oddly even more attractive. Take that, Max. I am so responsive. Take that.
She tried again. “I’m staying at the campground just along the way.” She gestured down the beach to the site entrance. “If you need to - get changed or anything.”
“As a rule, I don’t carry spare clothes in my car.”  He wiped one wet, sandy hand over his shirt. “Just keep better control of your children. They shouldn’t be running wild on a beach.”
The gibe that she was incapable of being a good parent dug deeper. She didn’t need to feel any more incapable than she already did, especially with what was happening in her life. Or rather, not happening. She inhaled sharply. “They were not running wild.” 
“They need to be kept under better control.” He glanced towards a woman walking a Border Collie down the beach on a leash. A well restrained Border Collie, Mel noted. 
He raised his eyebrows.
“You’ve got to be kidding,” she choked out in disgust. “Comparing children to animals is absurd. I suppose you think they should be seen, not heard, and whipped for the slightest misdemeanor. You could get in a lot of trouble for saying things like that, you know.”
“I never said a thing.  Though is ‘misdemeanor’ what you call uncontrolled children running loose in public places?”
Britney began to cry again, and Mel jiggled her. The movement caused her braless breasts to wobble, and his gaze settled there with the briefest spark of what might have been interest, before looking back up to the car park beyond the grass strip, where no doubt he’d parked his shiny, valet-perfect late model BMW.
“I’d like to say it was a pleasure meeting you.” He shoved his hands in his jeans pocket, then the other. He swore. 
Dread shot through her. Please let his keys be there and not floating around in the sea. Please, please, please…
He pulled out a short gold chain with several keys, and jangled them. “But that would be a lie.”
Then he turned and walked back to the reserve, to the car park beyond, with his wet jeans and damp shirt, and she almost sank to the beach with relief.  Yes, it was all her fault, she knew that. She had been the adult in charge of Eli. But a goodbye, a nod to the head, an acknowledgement via those lips would have been something. 
Good looking, yes. A darned shame about the personality. 
He is not Max, a voice screamed in her head.  Let it go. 
Too late, she called out, “Wait.”
His broad shoulders stiffened a second before he stopped. 
“You can’t just…you don’t….I mean, it’s…” 
He turned around, exasperated. “Just make sure your child doesn’t do it again. I wouldn’t want to be in your shoes if he took out a pensioner.”
Her mouth gaped, coherence drew to a splutter on her lips, and at the same time she heard Diane’s voice and turned to see her running along the beach towards them. 
“Mel?” she called out, blonde hair flowing behind her, yellow muslin dress flapping around her legs. “I’m so sorry I’m late. I just dropped the shopping off at my tent but all the oldies from the campervan tour were there and they just insisted I have a cup of tea and – oh...oh my gosh.”
She stared at the retreating man’s wet pants, and then at Eli, complete with wetter clothes, sulky expression and a tight grip on Mel’s thighs.
“Eli?” she gasped.
“Eli just had a bit of an incident,” Mel explained. “No one got hurt.”
“Not from the look of that guy.” Diane took Britney out of Melinda’s arms, and stopped her son from taking off down the beach again in search of the kite. “I’m terribly sorry – sir,” she called out to the now distant figure. 
Mel turned away from him and his arrogant ass. Her body still seethed with frustration and never had the idea of climbing into her little tent and zipping it up held as much appeal as it did now.  But before that, she needed to make sure everything was fine here. “Diane, are you okay?”
“Sure.” She jiggled Britney who had her head on Diane’s shoulder and her thumb in her mouth, just watching Mel.  Mel smiled and Britney turned to face the other way. “Are you sure? Is there anything I can do?”
“I’m sure.” 
Still Mel hesitated. “I’ll head back to the campsite. I might have a go at making something yummy on the fire for us all for tea.”
Diane nodded. “That would be great. And I’m fine, I really am, and I owe you.” She gave a wobbly smile. “Getting away on my own, even if it was just going up to the shops and having a coffee, and having some time on my own to think…well, it really helped. You were right. I feel heaps better.” 
Mel squeezed her hand, relieved beyond belief, and made her way back down the beach. She walked as fast as she could, her feet sinking into the soft sand as she neared the hard grassy walk way. Again, Max popped into her mind, and again she forced him away, as far away as she could. It angered her. It had been over two months now, and she should have seen it coming when, looking back, the signs were all so obvious. That’s what angered her so much now. All the lies. All the deception.  Her plans, her future, ripped apart by a man she thought she loved. No. She had loved him. Of course she had.
Hadn’t she?
Not so different from all the kids you’ve counseled, are you, Miss Green?
She bet that man on the beach didn’t have to deal with being lied to. Or being jilted just weeks out from your wedding.  He’d be the one doing the jilting. He probably had broken hearts scattered across Australia. 
She broke into a slow jog as her feet hit solid earth, enjoying the brief moment of freedom, and her spine tingled all the way back to her tent. With any luck, she’d never see him again.
* * *
 
He stood outside the small green and red tent that the hippy, Diane, had directed him to. 
Mel – that was the other woman’s name – Mel – was supposedly inside. It was barely big enough for one person, looked as if it would rip apart in a decent gust, yet he could hear the muted sounds of voices from inside. 
It was impossible she had someone with her. Daniel glanced around the near deserted campground. Diane had assured him there were two dozen people booked in for the week, and he counted three other tents and a couple of campervans.  Elderly people sat around on fold up chairs, chatting, laughing, apparently having a good time. It was beyond him how they could. He waved a bug away from his face. The urge to go camping had always eluded him, although the silence held some appeal. Especially with what was going on in his life right now. 
He glanced back at the tent. A car was parked alongside, an old hatchback boasting rust, missing hubcaps, chipped paintwork, and bumper stickers promoting a Sydney football team. A blue plastic tarpaulin had been rigged up between two trees and a solitary chair and camp table sat beneath it.  The chair was covered with a faded patchwork quilt.
What was he thinking of, coming here. What had possessed him to think a spontaneous walk along a beach would do some good and clear his mind?  He had never done spontaneous in his life. Spontaneity messed with control and he needed to be in control.
He turned, on the verge of heading back up to his car, when he hesitated. He had never been a quitter, either. You did not run a billion-dollar empire by leaping out of the fire when it started to burn. There were, of course, exceptions to every rule and right now would be a good time to exercise that exception.  So, go home, Christie.
He hesitated, then turned back to the tent. Against his better judgment, he ground out, “Excuse me.”
The voices in the tent stopped. Seconds past and his irritation grew.  He gave it one more shot. “I know you’re in there. Would you come out?” As an afterthought, he added, “Please.”
He’d never been particularly good with apologies. They were mostly unnecessary, although if he screwed up, he’d admit it. He just didn’t screw up. Yet he’d driven away from the beach in those wet jeans and that wet shirt, with sand in his shoes, and five minutes down the road Mel’s image had refused to budge. She hadn’t even attempted to correct his assumption she was the mother of those children. Why?
“I need to talk to you.” He’d give her ten seconds. Then he’d get the heck out of here and put it out of his mind. 
There was movement in the tent, the zip opened and she thrust her head out.
“Oh, it’s you,” she announced with disapproval.
“Obviously.” She had brown eyes. Dark brown eyes that watched him with a “Who do you think you are?” intensity. Interesting. Normally people watched him with trepidation or respect. Or if they were women, blatant expectation. They did not look at him as if he were the scum of the earth.
“I need to talk to you,” he repeated. 
She didn’t move and he wondered if he was going to end up humiliating himself even further, getting on his hands and knees and crawling in to the tent. 
“My head,” she told him, “is insisting I tell you where to get off because I’m familiar with your type. You don’t listen to anyone and you expect people to do your bidding as if you were some Prince of British royalty.”
The comparison with British royalty amused him. Although, the Christie family had once been called the royalty of Australian business. He said, “You’ve had a bit to do with British royalty, have you?”
“No.” She crawled out, straightened with a grunt until she stood in front of him, and braced her hands on her hips. She was average, he decided. Average build, average height. If she smiled, her looks would probably skyrocket away from what he could only describe as a very grim scowl that overshadowed everything else about her. She had a faded football jersey on over jeans.
She suddenly exhaled. “I just have – shall we say - life experience that I use as a gauge for certain situations.” 
For an instant he was close to asking, “What life experience?”  The less you know the better, he cautioned himself in the same breath. 
She squinted. “So I guess you know Brits and Eli aren’t my kids?”
“Diane told me. I’m at a loss to understand why you never mentioned it.”
She shrugged. “It was irrelevant because you were right. I couldn’t control them. They were in my care and look what happened. End of story.”
He narrowed his eyes. She was putting on a good front but he wasn’t buying it. Not that it was his concern.  He was here for one thing only. “I came back to apologize for my behavior.” He hesitated, then ground out, “For which, I’m sorry.” It hadn’t been her fault the kid had been a terror on two legs.
Her gaze suddenly slipped to his waist and he frowned. “What are you looking at?”
“You’ve changed clothes. I thought you didn’t carry spare clothes around.”
 “There was a menswear store down the road.” 
 “Oh.” She looked down at her feet, kicked at the dry grass. “Well, I…I’m sorry too.  For you getting wet. For not telling the truth straight away.” Something flickered across her eyes at the word truth.  She added, “For you having to go and buy a new outfit.”
He shook away her apology and gestured to her tent. “I heard voices.”
“The radio was on talkback. I’ve got a small transistor.”
“Did I drag you away from anything interesting?”
She shook her head. “I wasn’t really listening, to be honest. I think there was a gardening expert on debating the merits of growing organic tomatoes.  I just…” She squinted against the sun. “Had it on. For company. I like some background sound while I…while I think about life. I come here sometimes when I need to do that.”
In that instant her jaw tightened and she looked as if she wished she could retract the statement. 
“You stuck up for your friend,” he commented. “You let me think they were your children.”
She waved her hand dismissively.  “Diane just broke up with her husband. She’s got two children, she’s pregnant with a third and she’s trying to get her life back together. All I did was mind her kids for an hour so she could go up to the town on her own and do some shopping. You can see what it would be like going anywhere with Britney and Eli.”
“That was an honorable thing to do.”  He meant it too. Especially considering the dearth of honor permeating the Christie clan.
Mel shrugged. “I don’t really know her. We only met two days ago when she arrived at the campsite. We have – similar things…” She hesitated, added, “Going on in our lives.”
Had her own marriage broken up as well? It would be just his misfortune to walk into a feminist pow-wow of women dumping on men. He glanced around the site but could only see the old people in the campervans.
“I’d like to take you out to dinner,” he said suddenly. 
Her eyes flashed with shock. “Sorry?”
He felt the shock himself. Since when did he invite strangers out to dinner? “To apologize,” he said. 
“You already have.”
Saying sorry didn’t seem enough. At the back of his mind, he knew why he was doing it. He was making a grand gesture, if only to himself, to rub in just how selfish his brothers were being; to him, to their grandfather, to the business. I’m the oldest brother, the one who cares, the one who takes responsibility when I screw up. Which only made him just as immature as Sean and Everett but he could live with it just this one time.
He took his phone from his pocket. “I’ll take your number and give you a call in a few days.”
“Look, that’s really not necessary,” she began.
He arched his eyebrows. “I screwed up back there.” Saying it aloud made him wince. “It’s only dinner. We both have to eat.”
He saw her mind working, and he got the feeling she was just playing with him, that she wasn’t about to accept dinner invitations from strangers. Which suited him fine; he was not in a particularly social frame of mind.  She shrugged. “Okay.” She gave him her number and he wondered if it was even real. Not his problem. He was making the offer, end of story.  “My last name is Green but I’ll only be at that number two more weeks. I have to… that is, I’m... shifting.”
He caught the hesitation as he pocketed the phone. “Are you moving away from Sydney?”
“No.” She bit down on her bottom lip. “I don’t know. I haven’t decided.”
His interest piqued even further. She was leaving her home in a fortnight and she had nothing arranged?  
But then, if she was at a campsite in the middle of a working week, maybe she was running from more than she was letting on. “I’ll call.”
She hesitated. “Honestly, you don’t have to. I’m sure you’ve got better things to do.” There was an element of “don’t bother” about it. 
“Is there a good time?”
She stared at him with a none-of-your-business look.  “I don’t go out with strangers,” she told him.
“So reject me then. I can handle it.”
“I don’t even know your name.”
“Daniel,” he told her, as he strode away. He’d wasted enough time here. “I’ll call.”
* * *
  
Daniel’s Rolex said three pm.  Behind him, company lawyer Hugh Devereaux closed the heavy oak doors and turned the lock. Daniel spared a brief glance out through the tinted floor-to-ceiling windows of the Christie Group boardroom, in the Christie Towers, on an enviable chunk of prime Circular Quay real estate that had been in his family for over a century. It afforded him a glimpse of the bridge, of the opera house, of the city he loved. He was in his element.
He focused back on the men at the table as Hugh joined them. Three members of the board of Christie Corp. The only members not present were his grandfather who had suffered a relapse and was ensconced in his Vaucluse mansion with his team of medical staff running around to patch him up.
And Sean and Everett. His lazy, irresponsible, utterly selfish younger brothers. 
Daniel turned back to the men. They were waiting for an update, waiting expectantly for the acting head of one of Australia’s largest corporations to tell them what was happening in their billion dollar world. 
“Sean,” he began, his jaw tightening at having to mention his brother’s name, “has not responded to my calls, emails, or texts. I suspect he’s abandoned that number and doesn’t feel it necessary to enlighten us. As long as his allowance is paid into the bank each month…” He reached for the pitcher of water on the table in front of him, and poured a glass. The sound of ice cubes clinking together in the Waterford was obscenely loud.  “Unfortunately the situation with Everett isn’t much better.” If it was his, Daniel’s, choice, he’d cut them off from their allowance altogether, but it wasn’t his choice. And he was not about to go against his grandfather’s wishes.
As he set the decanter down, his gaze caught the painting of his great, great grandfather.  William Christie had founded this company using his own blood, sweat and tears, and none of them would ever forget it, would ever be allowed to forget it. Loyalty gripped his chest. His brothers, however, appeared to be the exceptions in over a century of Christie men. He had trouble believing they were from the same pool of DNA, but oh yes, they were. 
“Before my grandfather’s current relapse,” he continued, “we talked at length about the future plans of Christie group. With our five year plan, we are looking at becoming one of the most significant trading companies in the Asia Pacific region.”
He glanced at each board member, men he respected, who deserved to be here. Men as devoted to this company as if the blood of William Percy Christie ran through their own veins.
“Your grandfather remains extremely concerned about Sean and Everett,” Hugh commented, stroking his moustache. 
Daniel glanced at him. His grandfather’s oldest friend and confidante. If anyone knew what was going on behind the scenes at Christie Group, it was Hugh. Their legal brain. 
“I know.” He rapped the table with his fingers. “And his health is declining because he’s worried. Their complete lack of interest in Christie Corp beyond what it forks out for their allowance is breaking his heart. He doesn’t show it but I know it. And even though they are fully aware that Arthur’s time is…”  Darn. Did his voice have to crack? He ground out, “That Arthur’s time is limited, it seems it isn’t making a blind bit of difference.” Daniel eyeballed each man one by one. “So we need to do something and something fast for grandfather. I’ve given up on the redemption of those two but he hasn’t and I do not want him going to his grave suffering the disappointment my brothers are wreaking on him.” It would break his heart. Make him feel as if he had failed the one person he owed so much to.  He would do what it took to ensure that did not happen.
Hugh pushed himself away from the table, rose abruptly to his feet. “Daniel.” He walked to the window and with his back to them said, “There is something we’ve discovered that you’re not aware of. We weren’t aware of it until this morning.”  
“What is it?
The older man came over, and gripped the back of a chair with both fists. He paused, then shook his head. “We’ve learnt that Arthur has hired two investigators to follow Everett and Sean. They’ve been on his payroll for the past two months.”
Shock went through Daniel and for seconds, he couldn’t speak. “Tell me you’re kidding.”
“Your grandfather knows exactly where they are and what they are doing.”
The blood drained further from his body.  No. It wasn’t possible.
He hadn’t realized he’d said it aloud until Hugh shook his head. “I’m afraid so.”
“All this time, we’ve been twisting the details to spare him the truth.”
Hugh nodded. “I’ve no doubt he realizes we’ve done it to protect him. And I’ve no doubt Arthur appreciates that. But the fact is, he’s known. And known more than us.”
“But…”   Daniel’s hand shook as he drank down water.  What he’d give for some scotch on that ice. “He never said anything. Never so much as discussed the possibility. Never hinted he knew what they were up to.”
“He’s determined to save them. He can’t bear to see the family name dragged down and he can’t bear to see your father’s offspring become…” Hugh stopped but Daniel knew what he’d been about to say. Sean and Everett were cut out of a mold the Christies had never encountered before. True, their father, Duncan, had resented being born into the family but he’d taken his position in the firm and he’d played his part, even though he’d loathed every minute of it until his unexpected death ten years ago. Sean and Everett were something else altogether. 
“Frankly, this is killing Arthur.” Hugh rubbed his palms roughly down his face. “It’s no coincidence that since he had the boys followed, his health has failed further. And that worries me. It worries me a hell of a lot.”
Daniel felt something slip away from him. There was only one person responsible. Himself. If he’d kept better control over his brothers, they wouldn’t have fallen apart, succumbed to the temptations that kids with too much money and no sense were easy victims of. He should have seen it, reined them in, sorted them out so that Arthur didn’t have to pay some stranger to keep tabs on them. He was their older brother.
Nausea cemented in his stomach and he breathed in against the sudden light-headedness. He’d failed them. The buck had just stopped and it was up to him to fix this for his grandfather.
Before it was too late.
* * *
 
A week away in the tent had not provided Mel with the enlightenment she’d been hoping for over which direction to head with her life. All it had done was blast home that she had utterly wasted those days getting in touch with nature and wallowing in her own pity when she could have been job hunting and looking for a place to live. She’d been out of a job two months now, used up her savings and her holiday pay. Being a school counselor was not a high paying job at the best of times and with government cut backs in the education sector, the chance of getting a decent position was close to zero. Last week she’d emailed applications to be a barista, an assistant at a souvenir store, and a receptionist at a podiatrist’s surgery. She hadn’t even been granted an interview and had been told by one agency she was overqualified.
To top it off, her tenancy was almost up. She already had half her gear packed in boxes, ready to cram into the small storage unit she was about to rent. She had barely enough money to put down on an apartment, even if she got a job by the end of the week. Of course, she’d get the deposit money back from the landlord when she handed him the key but it wouldn’t last long. 
She was broke. And there was no one else she could blame.
With frustration, she pushed open the door of her flat, dropped her keys on the table and went through to the lounge where the packing was taking place. Not everything was hers.  She glanced at a box labeled Salvation Army, filled with Julia’s things. Her clothes, her books, her crockery from the kitchen. Julia hadn’t had much time to pack up her stuff. After all, when you left by stealth with your flatmate’s boyfriend – fiancé – it hardly left any time to get organized.
Mel bypassed the box. 
The worst thing of all was just how much her life had revolved around the new future she’d been planning, the new married life that had vanished down the drain in a gurgle of vile water.  Just thinking about the things Max had said in his note, the reasons he’d wanted out of their relationship…
She shivered and concentrated on sorting a stack of paperbacks. When she had to leave the flat, she could stay with her mother a few nights. There was a couch in her mother’s tiny apartment, and Ellie would still assume Mel was getting over the pain of being jilted. She grimaced as she sorted the novels into a keeper and giveaway pile. She’d shied away from relating the whole sordid story and had kept her flatmate’s name out of it.
Ellie Green had enough to contend with, without worrying about the mess her only daughter had gotten herself into. 
The phone rang suddenly, shrill in the silence, and Mel hesitated. It could be a telemarketer. Or it could be her mother, or even the rest home. 
She cursed her cost saving when she’d gotten rid of caller ID, picked up the phone and tucked it under her chin.  “Melinda Green speaking.”
   It was Daniel.  
 
 
 Daniel Christie’s beloved grandfather is dying and Daniel knows there’s only one way to make his last weeks happy ones – give him the one thing he’s always wanted – the promise of heirs. All Dan has to do is fall in love, have the wedding, follow it with lots of little Daniels and-
Well, that’s not going to happen. So Daniel comes up with the next best solution. He hires jobless Melinda Green to be his wife.
Mel has good reason to accept Daniel’s crazy proposition. Her mother’s rest home bills are mounting and with no means of paying them, Mel knows a few months as Mrs Christie with a massive check at the end is a gift from heaven. And just because Daniel is rich and he’s gorgeous doesn’t mean she’ll end up with “feelings” for him. After all, her fiancé just dumped her for her best friend so men are totally off the radar.
Or so she thought…
 
Visit the author on
http://www.joannehill.com
