
Temptation Road
Book One

The new and last Mary…



By Kimball Lee


Copyright 2013 Kimball Lee
Smashwords Edition
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED




*
The house on the bend of Temptation Road came to be Reagan’s quite by chance, or by destiny, perhaps. If she hadn’t overheard a location scout telling her soon to be ex-husband about the Victorian confection he just couldn’t get out of his head, she might not ever have known about Seven Devils, North Carolina. But the young man was captivated by the rambling, crumbling, curly-cued good witch’s house, and he felt that it had to be immortalized on film. She was at a wrap party for Carlo, the brilliant director’s latest movie, another block-buster without a doubt. Carlo was her husband, and he wasn’t listening at all, he simply peered over the young man’s head. His gaze lingered on his soon-to-be-next-wife lounging poolside, wearing nothing more than a body-paint bikini and a desperate look. But Reagan stepped up and listened to the story of the Mary’s house and packed her Louis Vuitton luggage that very night. She introduced herself to the location scout and asked about the house and the town with the frightful name.
“Oh, not frightful at all!” he gushed, “entrancing, captivating!”
That was all she needed to hear, she set out to find that ruin of a house as she left her ruin of a marriage without shedding a single tear. She boarded a flight at LAX and flew across the country, toward anything auspicious.
When she landed in Knoxville it seemed she’d only just boarded the plane. Had she slept or even blinked in so short a time? Maybe she’d entered a time warp or traveled through a wormhole, it seemed she’d dreamed she was flying and suddenly she had arrived. Such happenings would become commonplace once she inhabited the Mary’s house, things that were beguiling and whispered of love and magic and enchantment. But all of that was yet to come.
She called her mother and then her best friend, Alana, from the Crowne Plaza, it wasn’t the type of hotel she preferred, but it was the best the city had to offer. She told them she was flushing her cell phone down the toilet along with the last ten years of her life and she’d let them know her new number as soon as she had one. She said she could no longer stand the sight of Carlo, or to be loved by Sean, and that she didn’t want to be admired by the world. She was disappearing into the mountains, to a different life, to something that was still hidden from her but she was certain it would make itself known. She didn’t flush the phone, she just let it swim for a while in the pristine white potty, then fished it out and crushed it beneath the heel of her Hermes boot.
Both her mother and Alana were concerned over her abrupt flight from Los Angeles, but they were glad she’d left Carlo. Reagan assured them she could feel happiness and meaning beginning to grow and take shape in her soul by the minute, so they were glad for her, in spite of their concern.
She bought a pearl white Yukon SUV the next morning and paid for it with her titanium American Express card, then she drove into the Blue Ridge Mountains. She wound up and around and into banks of fog that threatened to engulf the SUV and her along with it, she was, it seemed, vanishing into oblivion. The road was so narrow in some places and the visibility so poor, that she wondered what on earth had possessed her to run away. Why had she wandered into this remote part of the world, what had drawn her so urgently? Several times she nearly slipped off the edge of the road, the car’s tires spinning and sending small rocks tumbling down the mountainside.
When she came to a scenic overlook and pulled over, she stared ahead at the most beautiful cloud-shrouded mountain vista she could ever have hoped for. She started to get out then noticed a large black bear rustling through a trash bin, it looked her way and made a mewling cry. She locked the doors as if the creature might dare to climb in with her, she began to shake violently with fear of wild things and her future, as she inched along the perilous road. She pulled into the first motel whose sign caught her headlights and rested her cheek against the steering wheel before going into the office. At the front desk she asked how far she was from Seven Devils and if there had been any incidence of bears wandering the motel property.
Housekeeping woke her early in the morning, banging on the cheap metal door. She peeked out and told the maid to give her half an hour. When she stepped into the world outside, it was dazzling sunlight with an electric blue sky and a hundred shades of green and pine trees that pierced the roving clouds then reached to heaven and beyond. The mountain world was sharply green, not only as a color but as an all-encompassing smell. It inundated the senses, a saturated aroma of pine bark and sap and needles and fallen cones, sprightly and scintillating. It spoke to something locked inside her, something as old as the beginning of the very particles she was made of. Whispering its secrets softly, beckoning and calling wordlessly, “rest in me, here is where we all began, come into me and exist.”
*
She drove down the main street of Seven Devils and along the few side roads. It was a ‘drawing-in-a-children’s-book’ kind of town, with old storefronts, a wee little grocery store and a café/bar called the “Snakebite.” There was a clapboard church, signs for the Everclear Ski Area, and more and more sky piercingly tall trees. Hydrangea bushes bent over split-rail fences with enormous blue flower heads against shiny foliage, yet another shade of green. The wind blew leaves and fallen petals and old newspaper pages along the streets and sidewalks as if in slow motion, and even though the sun was still high, owls hooted, hidden among the tree branches.
The Blue Ridge Mountains rose up all around the little town and multi-colored valleys dipped and rolled down and away. On a side street she crossed a rickety wooden bridge over a shallow creek that was so clear she could see the lustrous pebbles lining the bottom. The Yukon’s tires crackled on the gravel drive that wound past a wishing well to an old log building. The sign over the porch was a single, rough wooden plank. The painted letters were faded and she could barely make them out. She stood on the first porch step and peered up, her hand shielding her eyes from the sun. The sign must have been colorful once and the letters said, “Wander Inn.” 
The porch overflowed with ferns and ivy’s that tumbled out of cheap plastic pots and had as many dead leaves as living. An army of skinny cats with patchy fur skittered away from the front door and the only redeeming fixture was an inviting porch swing made of bent willow branches and piled with cushy pillows.
A woman in her mid-forties leaned against the front desk reading a magazine, she was harsh looking in the way that Reagan’s mother had once been. She had a hardened, artificial look about her, as if she’d been too wild for too long and was paying for it now.
“Good lord above, you’re the DeLuca girl, I’d know you anywhere,” she said.
Reagan handed over her driver’s license and a credit card and said she needed a room.
“Doesn’t matter what your ID says, you’re her, alright. There’s a picture of you in this magazine right here, see? You’re all dolled up and going to some fancy-shmancy somethin’ or other out in Los Angeles. I got a friend who thinks the sun rises and sets with that face of yours, he don’t say so, but everybody knows he thinks it. I’m Dody Watts and that’s my girl Coco, over there. You want our best room? Hell, I’m gonna go ahead and put you in it, I’m not expecting nobody else this week. You’ll like the view from the little deck up there; it looks out toward Grandfather Mountain.”
“I may need the room for several weeks, will that be alright?” Reagan asked.
“Sure thing, it’s real quiet this time of year, before the snow skiers come. My girl and I live right down here on the first floor. Mr. Campion, he owns the place, he fixed us up a handy little apartment. It’ll be nice to have somebody else in the house, maybe we can visit if you have the time.”
Reagan picked up a few of her bags and climbed the split-log stairs and when she was nearly at the top Dody called after her.
“You’re even prettier in person, softer looking and so fresh and young. Can I ask what you’re doing way up in these mountains and it’s not even ski season yet?”
Reagan set her bags on the top step and said, “I’m looking for a house to buy, a certain house. It’s an elaborate Victorian on Temptation Road, do you know the one?”
“Oh sure, the Mary’s house. It’s a big old mess, but I suppose you got all the money in the world to pour into somethin’ like that.”
“Could I talk to you about it, the house, I mean? Let me just put these bags in the room and I’ll come right back down, if that’s alright?”
“Sure,” Dody said. “I gotta tell my friend about this, I swear he’s gonna think I’m full of it! He won’t begin to believe you’re here in town and that you wanna buy that old house. Hell, it might get him to talking after all these years from the shock of it!”
There was a tiny bar set up on top of a wooden barrel in the Inn’s public room. Reagan sat on a worn leather sofa with Dody and sipped from a glass of cheap wine as the little girl painted all their finger and toe nails. Reagan looked around the room and felt like she had stumbled into a lost episode of Little House on the Prairie, and a bad one at that. It was sparsely furnished with faded checkered curtains at the windows and threadbare rugs on the floor, the room and the Inn had definitely seen better days.
“Tell me about the house,” Reagan said, “why is it called the Mary’s house and where is it, exactly? I’m anxious to see it, and I’m not going to be the DeLuca girl any longer so try to forget about that.”
“Oh honey, you’ll always be the DeLuca girl, can’t nobody outrun somethin’ like that, it’s a big deal, and why would you want to anyway? I’m always reading about you and seeing you on the Entertainment Channel, if you’re gonna give that life up then give it to me for a day! Anyway,” Dody went on, “it’s called the Mary’s house because of the sisters who lived there since before anyone can remember, and all of them named Mary this or Mary that. Go to the end of the driveway and turn right on the other side of the creek, that’s Temptation Road. Follow it up along the tree line for a couple miles, when it makes a sharp left you’ll see a big old house right there at the bend of the road. It’s set back a ways in a clearing, there’s a patch of garden that goes from the side yard to the forest. You can’t miss it, but if you go too far you’ll see the signs that say you’re in the National Forest, just turn around and come back a ways. The fog gets thick that high up on the mountain in the evenings and once in a while you’ll run across a bear so you ought not to go alone. Miss Bess Lamar knows everything there is to know about that house, and she knew the last Mary’s, too. Go over to the grocery store later on, her son runs it so she’s always there. How come you’re buying that old place? There’s stories about it, you know, so I keep my distance, anytime I leave this driveway I turn left, I don’t never go up that way. You just wanting a house in the mountains, is that it? Is your husband gonna be coming up here sometimes? Lord, I’m a fool for all his movies.”
That night Reagan lay in bed with her eyes wide open, excitement had replaced her fear and she couldn’t wait to set foot in the house. What Dody said about not being able to out run her DeLuca girl image rang in her head. The new ad campaign was scheduled to start in a couple of months and she wanted out of her contract but she hated to let Alana down on such short notice. She stepped through the French doors that led from her room out onto the balcony, across the dark lawn a beam of moonlight illuminated a man and woman.
The woman was Dody and the bright moonlight made her short hair glow a garish shade of neon yellow and her lined and aging face looked frightening. She was crying as she leaned toward the man trying to wrap her arms around him. Then she dropped to her knees and her hands fumbled at the front of his jeans before he backed away from her so that she covered her face as she sobbed.
Reagan stepped backward feeling like an intruder and knocked over a small table, the sound was like a gunshot in the still night, and the two people caught in the pool of moonlight stared up at her.
The man was about Reagan’s age with hair that hung past his chin and he had wide, enormous dark eyes. He walked away from Dody, and she begged him not to go, but he left her there, kneeling and untouched. Reagan felt her face grow hot, as if she’d witnessed something terribly intimate. She stumbled into her room and drew the curtains.
*
Around dawn, after she’d tossed and turned unable to sleep, Reagan wrapped herself in her green silk robe and went down the creaky stairs to sit on the front porch swing. As she settled into the faded flowered cushions her actions over the past days seemed like madness to her suddenly. She’d left the known world behind, uprooted her life, and traveled to a remote mountain village on nothing more than a whim. She pictured Dody and the mysterious man who’d stood silently above her as she cried, he was tall and young and even at a distance she could see that he was disturbingly handsome. When he’d looked up at Reagan from the moonlit patch of grass it ignited a need in her that she’d denied for too long.
At that moment, in the middle of the night, in the middle of nowhere, in a place where she knew only the names of a woman and her daughter, she needed to hear Sean’s voice for better or worse. To know for certain in her heart of hearts that she could still inspire passion in a man. Not just the gilded reverence from afar that she received as the DeLuca girl, but as herself, Rae, the girl who had everything. Everything except what she wanted most, which was to love and be loved in equal measure.
She sighed and rested her head in her hands; the silky robe fell open and her long hair brushed the tops of her thighs. A small sound caught her ear and she looked up into the face of the mysterious man from the lawn.  He was quietly watching her from the shadows, his long body leaned against the porch rail. They both moved at the same time, she sprang from the swing toward the front door and his foot landed on the porch steps. They bumped into one another and stopped inches apart.
The rising sun made patterns on their faces and her heart beat like a wild caged bird in her chest, but she couldn’t turn away. His face was astonishingly handsome, with huge dark eyes that were so deeply blue they almost seemed black. His hair was nearly to his shoulders and it was sun-streaked and carelessly tousled as if his beauty didn’t matter to him. He had an intense brooding look which his mouth softened, it was wide and it looked soft and… tempting. He was so splendid, with fine chiseled features and so much rugged, untamed masculinity that she pictured him stretched out across the bed in her upstairs room. It was all she could do not to take his hand and place it over her wayward heart then move it down her needful body and because she could imagine the intimacies they would share, her face burned in the dim light.
His hand went to her cheek and his fingertips traced her skin, moving over her lips and down to caress her smooth, graceful neck. On impulse, she stood on tiptoe and pressed her lips to his. She melted into him as he kissed her deeply and pulled her body hard against his, tangling a hand in her hair while the other held her waist. She heard a feral noise and when she knew that it had come from her own throat, she blushed all the more, but she was beyond caring. His mouth consumed hers and her hands rested for only a moment on the hard muscles of his chest, then moved under his shirt to feel his burning skin. The kiss went on and on and she knew she had never experienced such an immediate sensation of not only raw passion and desire, but connection with a man. His very smell was intoxicating and drew her to him, her mind flashed with scenes she couldn’t quite hold onto and she thought she heard his deeply melodic voice whisper, “mine.”
She was sure he must feel it too, that sense of discovering your other half, of stumbling blindly in the darkness only to bump into someone who was meant to be the truest love of your life.
At last he broke their kiss and let his fevered cheek rest against hers. His hands tenderly moved over her back and circled her small waist holding her body firmly to his, as if he refused to let her go.
She let her hands discover the elegant planes of his face and he kissed the tips of her fingers when they lingered on his lips. Her eyes searched his, desperate to know if he was consumed with the same life-altering emotions that had her heart and mind reeling. In the hazy half-light and shadow she couldn’t be sure if they registered any feeling at all. With trembling voice she whispered, “Who are you?” and although she waited, he didn’t say a word. So she closed her eyes and drew a long, deep breath, then went inside, and up the stairs to her room, all alone.
*
When she woke after only a few hours of restless sleep, she dressed quickly in jeans, boots, a loose knit pullover and parka. She worked her thick hair into two braids that hung over her shoulders, then she drove up Temptation Road to find the house she couldn’t live without. It was as wondrous as she’d imagined, just long neglected and a little down on its luck, kind of like me, she thought and smiled. It loomed above her as she stood at the end of a crooked brick walkway and it was most assuredly a fantastical Victorian whimsy lost in the woods. The paint had faded but the house was still awe-inspiring with turrets and gables and gingerbread trim and latticework and lighting rods with milky glass balls for decoration as they pointed skyward from a multitude of roof peeks.
She walked to the porch along a path covered with pine needles and up a broad set of wooden steps that were surprisingly sound. The porch was what all front porches should be, wide and sweeping around the sides and curling out into fanciful circular open-air seating areas at the corners of the house. Wicker chairs, tables, plant stands, wide low rockers and two porch swings were scattered about, stolidly waiting. They begged for a fresh coat of paint and cushions, but otherwise they were sturdy and it was all Rae could do not to sink into a chair and stare out at the majestic mountains and forest that seemed to cradle the house and its wide patches of lawn and arbor and riotous garden.
The front door was tall and solid with an extravagantly romantic stained-glass window, it depicted a man and a woman caught in a passionate embrace surrounded by an audience of animals from the forest that loomed in the intricate background. The door was locked tight so she moved from window to window trying to get a glimpse of the interior. The glass panes were filmy, coated with soot and dust on the inside and so whatever was within was hidden from her.
As she turned to retrace her steps back down the path she stopped in her tracks, it was as if every creature from the panel of stained-glass had come to life around her. There among the pine needles were red and grey foxes, raccoons, squirrels, possums, and all manner of birds of every size and color. A family of White-tailed deer wandered close to her and at the edge of the forest she glimpsed the slanted eyes of a bobcat and from deep in the woods she heard the familiar mewling cry of a bear.
*
Reagan walked up and down the brick-paved main street when she drove back to town, stopping first at the grocery store looking for Miss Bess, only to be told that the old woman was a late sleeper and to stop by after lunch. She wandered through the drugstore and the tiny used book stall and then a store selling gardening supplies.
In a one room shop filled with bear skin rugs she spoke to man who must have been six feet nine inches tall. His name was Cyrus and he proudly told Reagan that he was a full-blood Cherokee Indian, then he turned so she could see his jet-black hair that hung in a heavy braid all the way to his rattlesnake belt.
“It’s a dent in destiny, that piece of earth and the fortuitous house that belongs on it, the good Mary’s house,” he said when she asked him if he was familiar with the property she was hoping to own. His voice was low and deep like the growl of the animals whose hides littered the floor and hung on the walls all around him. “If you are meant for the house then you are charmed,” he said as he walked to a wall and ran his hand over the fur of a large black bear skin. “These bears were not good hearted creatures; my beliefs would never lead me to destroy an animal living at peace with the Earth. Take care near the woods and the lonely places, that’s where they wait.”
“Curiouser and curiouser!” Reagan thought as the door closed behind her, its little bell ringing as she left the rug shop. She felt a lot like Alice who had fallen through the looking glass and down the rabbit hole and uttered those very words.
“Hey there!” Dody called to her from just up the street, she waved and motioned for Reagan to join her.
“Great heavens whose complexion could possibly look as good yours? Out in the bright light of day no less, and I bet you don’t have a stitch of makeup on, either!” she held Reagan at arm’s length to study her, then hugged her tightly as if they were old friends.
Reagan let Dody hug her and she lightly hugged her back, because she didn’t know what else to do and she was lonely and anyone who said “stitch of makeup” had to be sweet and harmless.
“Are you hungry?” Dody asked, already holding her hand and leading her toward the café/bar at the end of the street. “My little girl’s in school right now and I don’t expect nobody at the Inn today, so how about we get us a bite to eat? This is the only waterin’ hole for miles around and it can get a little rough at night but at lunch time they serve a good grilled cheese sandwich and of course fried snake, but really it’s just chicken nuggets so don’t faint. If we’re lucky Larissa will be working,” Dody said all in a rush as they scooted into a vinyl covered booth. There was an old-fashioned jukebox against the back wall and Dody excused herself and dropped a few coins in it.
“My blood bleeds love red, my soul is wide open,” an achingly smooth country voice sang, and Reagan remembered hearing the Brandon Rhyder song on the radio the day before. It was called “Love Red” and as it played she had been wishing for just such a love as she drove away from her past and into her future.
“Well here’s my star employee playing the jukebox in the middle of the day so that I had to get Quint a key to a room myself,” a tall, good-looking man, one of a pair who’d just walked through the door, said to Dody. He caught her arm as she passed by and leaned down and kissed her full on the mouth.
“Stop it now, Wade! Come meet our star guest and I do mean star. Hey there, Quint! I didn’t know you’d be around town this week. Reagan this is my boss Wade Campion and his friend…” she said as the second man stood still and looked surprised for a moment when he saw Reagan.
She too, felt her heart begin to hammer as she recognized the chiseled face of the man she’d kissed on the porch that morning as the sun was rising. He must have cut his hair she thought sadly, as he slid into the booth next to her, smiling and holding out his hand.
“I’m Quinton,” he said and kissed her hand, never letting his eyes leave hers, “and you are the legendary Reagan Hart. The girl who stole my heart a long time ago, but I guess you hear that all the time.”
“It’s Rae,” she said, caught up in his dark blue velvet eyes, “I go by Rae when I’m just being myself… which I am right now… and intend to be from now on… so you cut off all your wonderful hair?”
“Seriously?” he asked and turned to smirk at Dody and Wade who had settled in across from them, then he turned back to Rae and laughed, “You met Fletcher? If you tell me he spoke to you that would be classic, although I suppose if a man chooses to speak after twenty years it should be to a beautiful and famous woman. But he didn’t, did he? I’ll bet my long suffering big brother held fast to his ‘strong silent type’ image even when he was face to face with his heart’s desire.”
She could see the subtle differences then, the man sitting next to her was probably a few years younger and less strikingly handsome than her mystery man and although her heart had beat at first, its wild thumping had slowed. They were brothers and the one she had not met formally but had kissed as he kissed her back was Fletcher and he couldn’t talk, and his brother Quint was making a joke about it.
“Your brother can’t speak and you find that amusing?” she said, gathering her purse and giving him a venomous look that caused him to stand hurriedly and let her out of the booth. “You’re rude and maybe just a bit arrogant and obviously not a very loyal family member. I have to tell you,” she said, bending toward him so that he and Wade both got an eyeful of her breasts in her Agent Provocateur bra when the neckline of her blouse gaped open, “I find that highly detestable in a man.”
*
It began to rain and the wind blew crazily as she walked back to the grocery store looking for Miss Bess, she dug around in her purse trying to find her foldable umbrella. Dody stood at the door of the Snakebite and called after her when she stormed out of the café but Rae didn’t turn around. She wasn’t exactly sure what had pissed her off so badly, Quint’s easy smile and kissing her hand like he was James Bond or some sort of pretentious jackass. Or his disregard for his mute brother, or the look in his eye that said “I’ll have you in bed before you know what hit you.” He just rubbed her the wrong way she decided, and for some inexplicable reason she felt a deeper connection to his brother whom she had only seen twice, and kissed once and had never spoken a word to.
*
Miss Bess Lamar sat in a hickory wood rocking chair in the over-stuffed grocery store that her son owned. She was a paper-thin bird-like woman who rocked and hummed while she worked the New York Times crossword puzzle. She spat tobacco juice into an empty tuna-fish can with deadly precision. Her teeth rested next to her in a glass of water on a small table. She looked up and saw Rae looking at the teeth and said, “Damn thirstiest teeth I ever owned, they’re always in that glass!” and she laughed to beat the band. “What makes a movie star like you think you can just waltz in here and buy up that little patch of magic up on Temptation Road, anyhow?”
“I’m not a movie star,” Rae said, sitting down on an unopened box of canned sweet corn, “and I can feel the house calling to me, please tell me about the Mary’s and then point me in the right direction so I can make an effort to own it because honestly, I’ve been wishing for something extraordinary to happen in my life.”
“Well, I’ll tell you about the day those old ladies disappeared and then you’ll want the Green boys to put the old house to rights if the Reverend Bertram will let you have it and that is a big if! Go see the preacher first then the Green boys, they’re relatives of a sort and they can get the Mary’s place back to good for you. It might take a piece of time but I wouldn’t trust the job to nobody else.”
“Alright, I know where the church is but where will I find these green boys and why are they green?”
Miss Bess laughed so hard she slapped her leg with one hand and covered her mouth with the other, probably to hide her missing thirsty teeth.
“Awe, you city gals ain’t too quick are you? Lordy! Green’s their name, Doc Green’s boys, Teddy and Fletcher, but stay clear of the young smarty-assed one, Quint. That boy is a wolf in sheep’s clothes, and you can quote me on that. Go on down the block to that red brick building on the corner, that’s where they live. Their workshop’s downstairs and bedrooms up. Go scratch on the door and wait, one of ‘em is bound to be around on a rainy day like this.”
“What if the brother who can’t talk is the only one there, will he hear me knock on the door? Will I have to write everything down so he can understand?” Rae asked as she finally located her umbrella in the bottom of her purse.
“So you already met the pretty brother, huh? Oh don’t look so surprised, that Fletcher Green is the kind of man that makes a woman’s blood heat up, even an old fossil like me. Yes, he can hear just fine and he could talk if he took a notion to, they say. Nothing wrong with him, he just quit talking when he was a boy, after the accident that messed up that family. Well, that’s not for me to gossip about, if you get the Mary’s house and hire him and his brother Teddy, maybe things will come to light, but then again, maybe not.”
As Rae walked outside the wind caught her Burberry umbrella and turned it inside out and she heard Miss Lamar cackle for all she was worth.
“Careful now, it’s a witching wind!” Bess called out and Rae could hear her laughing halfway down the block.
The story was that the Mary’s had disappeared ten years before. A limousine pulled up to the fanciful Victorian house one day and loaded the women and their luggage and a cage of assorted birds. They were a set of four sisters, just the same as all the generations of Mary’s before them. They stopped in town just long enough for the eldest sister, Mary March, to roll down the car window and ask the Reverend Bertram to run get her a cold bottle of cream soda, then she gave him the deed to the house and instructions for selling it. They were off to give her a Viking funeral, she said, she was one hundred and six years old and she was done with herb gardening and ready for bigger things. She and her sisters had been born in the mountains but now they wanted the sea. That’s where they were headed, somewhere hot where no one would care if hundred year old women lounged naked on the sand. She’d arranged for the property taxes to be deferred until the next Mary came to claim the house and she trusted that the good reverend would know her when she appeared.
“She can catch up the taxes and the place is hers,” Mary March said simply, “the house, the garden and all that goes with it.”
Her sisters, Mary Bless, Mary Scott and Mary Sue, nodded their heads in agreement, then turned their faces forward as if their eyes were already focused on the sandy paradise ahead. They had driven away with dust rising off the road behind the car and when it settled, they were no more than a memory.
*
Reagan was speechless at the stark beauty of the Goodfellow’s Gospel Church when she stepped inside the small sanctuary. The wooden exterior of the building was tall and narrow with plain wood siding painted white and a simple cross rising from the steeple. Inside, tall four-paned windows lined the side walls. Every surface, benches, walls, floors, ceiling and pulpit were crafted from native Longleaf pine that was polished and glowing. On the far end wall behind the pulpit a stained glass window rose nearly to the roof and depicted Jesus holding a lamb in his arms, it made Reagan smile and tugged at her heart. Other than touring the grand cathedrals of Europe she hadn’t been inside a single house of worship since she’d lived in Los Angeles. She and her mother had attended the First Baptist Church every Sunday morning and Wednesday nights when she was growing up in Texas and the familiar image of the Savior brought sweet tears to her eyes.
She had come to the church every day over the last week, only to find the doors locked and a hand written note taped there saying the reverend was feeling poorly and would return sooner or later. The office was at the back of the church and Reagan entered just as the doddering old preacher was leaving for the day. The reverend Northram Bertram sighed and motioned for her to have a seat, then he sat wearily behind his desk with his lips twisting and twitching as he sized her up.
“The Mary’s house, you say? Well, it’s quite simple child, it can only be handed over to a Mary!” he told her firmly as if the case were closed then and there.
“Oh, I see… well, actually I don’t. A Mary? I heard they were sisters, you know, born to the same set of parents, I suppose. Were they some sort of religious order?” Reagan asked.
The reverend stopped twitching and leaned forward, his arms resting on the desk. He was a large man and his bulk caused the wooden desk to creak in protest. “A Mary is a Mary. A woman or any person who’s Christian name is Mary. Like I said it’s very simple, the sisters who owned the house left it entrusted to the church with adamant instructions to sell it to the new Mary who would come to claim it.”
“I am that Mary, I believe,” she said, surprising the reverend and herself, as well.
He leaned back in his chair, considering, and his mouth worked silently once more.
She reached in her purse and handed him her California driver’s license.
“Mary-Reagan Hartford?” he asked, perplexed.
“That’s right. Reagan Hart is my professional name. I used to be someone else before I was famous, just a normal girl I guess you’d say.”
He was quiet for a long while then his cloudy eyes twinkled and his lips turned up in a smile and he said happily, “my goodness, welcome home Mary-Reagan.”
*
She had been Mary-Reagan way back when, thirteen years before, in the cotton growing capitol of the South. She had also been Miss Dewberry Festival and Boll Weevil Queen, dubious honors at best. Her mother had followed the dusty path she made as she dragged her suitcase to the Greyhound station and she sat beside her as Rae waited for the bus.
“Where you headed, Rae?” her mother asked, stroking Reagan’s hair, her voice was rough from too many bars and too many men and too many years in Texas.
Rae handed her the bus ticket, afraid to speak or she might change her mind, might ask if her mother wanted her to stay.
“New York? Naw, that’s no good for my girl, cold nights and cold folks. California darlin’, Hollywood. That’s for you, why they’ll notice you in a minute out there.”
Tears ran down Reagan’s face and her mother took the scarf from her hair and wiped them away. “Rae, angel, you know I wish you could stay but there’s nothin’ for you here. What would you do, work beside me slingin’ booze, get some boy to drive you to Corpus Christi to junior college? I see the way it is baby, you’re so pretty and all the boys buzzin’ around includin’ ol’ Hank when he thinks I’m not lookin’. You’re like a tickin’ bomb in this little hole in the road and I don’t wanna see you livin’ my life all over agin.” Her mother exchanged the ticket from New York to L.A., took a roll of money wrapped with a rubber band from her purse and pressed it into her daughter’s hand. She kissed her and said, “Go on, now!” as the bus pulled up. She stood and waved and blew kisses, and Rae watched from the back window of the bus until her mother and the cotton fields and that dirt water town were out of sight.
She got off the bus in downtown Hollywood and the people wandering and sleeping and living in the bus terminal and on the streets and alleys were scarier than the den of rattlesnakes she once stumbled upon back in Texas. She waited outside for a cab and not a single one ever drove by. Zombie-ish teenagers and stinking men and old women begged for spare change and food. A girl with a shaved head screamed that Rae was wearing her clothes, that she’d better give them back. A man who was foaming at the mouth implored her to pledge her wretched life to Jesus while another man wagged his penis at her then peed on his own foot. She went back inside to use the pay phone but the receiver was missing.
A police car pulled up out front and she walked to it and began to cry.
“Cry to the Lord, sister!” shouted the drooling evangelist.
“Bitch stole me blind! She’s wearing my clothes, arrest her now! See those tears? She knows she’s a filthy thieving whore.”
The bald girl was right up in the officer’s face as he stepped out of the patrol car. A female officer walked around from the driver’s side and told everyone to step back, to find shelter for the night or arrests would be made. The small band of loony’s dispersed, all but Rae. She stood there crying like it was the end of the world.
The officers looked at each other and the woman rolled her eyes and shrugged, “Geez, you’re such a push over, McClure!”
Rae looked up into his eyes and they were so tender in the middle of all the madness that she just cried harder. He took her bag, opened the back door of the cruiser and put it and her inside. They drove through streets that were filthy, past boarded up buildings and people who slept in cardboard boxes and raggedy hookers making obvious drug and sex deals, and the patrol car passed it all by.
They drove onto a freeway and the city began to look different, lights stretched out in all directions and Rae could make out dark mountains to the west. Billboards were plastered with beautiful faces and bodies and the names of movies and TV shows.
The officer with the wonderful eyes spoke into a radio, “McClure and Bryant, off duty, ten-ten, over.” He turned to look at her sitting in the back seat wiping her eyes and sniffling like a fool. “I’m Officer McClure and this is Officer Bryant, we’ll get you settled somewhere. Do you know where you’re going?”
She shook her head and would have cried some more but she was emptied out and felt hollow inside, she had no idea where she belonged.
“Hungry?” he asked.
“Oh come on Sean,” his partner sighed.
“Really, Sarah?” he gave her a look and she said, “Okay, In and Out Burger?”
“Yeah,” he said, “let’s go to the one in Westwood, we can sit inside, I’m sick of eating in the car.”
Inside the restaurant Rae went to the restroom, splashed her face with water and pulled her hair into a ponytail. She looked closer to fifteen than eighteen with her hair pulled back so maybe the officers wouldn’t toss her out on the mean streets, maybe they would have pity and take her to an orphanage since that’s what she felt like.
When she sat down at the table officer Bryant took one look at her and asked, “How old are you? Are you a runaway, am I gonna see your face on a milk carton? You have made a giant mistake, honey. L.A. is not the kind of place for a kid on her own, not even a girl with an angel’s face.”
Rae reached in her bag and handed over her driver’s license, the officer studied it and handed it to McClure.
“So you’re eighteen, barely, if that isn’t a fake, we’ll check it out. So, Mary-Reagan Hartford from Texas, I have one thing to say to you, get back on that bus and go home.”
The radio on her belt squawked just then, “Bryant, call your kid, you’re needed at home, over.”
She went to a payphone and Rae looked at Officer McClure who was still studying her license. He looked up and she wanted to lean across the table and hug him and maybe kiss him and thank him for having such a soft heart. He was broad shouldered and muscular with sandy-blonde, closely cropped hair, he made her think of a prize fighter. He was young, probably twenty three or twenty four and he was handsome in a rough and ready sort of way. His eyes and mouth made him sexy as hell and in turn made Rae dizzy with longing.
“Where will you take me?” those were the first words she’d spoken.
“Wherever you want to go, do you know anyone? Is there someone you can stay with until you find a place of your own?”
“I have some money. I guess I need to look for a room and maybe a used car. I’m sorry I cried like that, it was a long trip and I hated to leave my mother, I just graduated from high school and I needed to get out of my home town. When I got off the bus it seemed worse than what I’d left behind and I realized I didn’t have a plan at all, so I kinda lost it. I’m embarrassed about acting like a big baby and you’re so nice to have pity on a stupid girl from nowhere Texas.”
“I’m going to have to run your license, make sure you’re eighteen and that no one’s looking for you.
I’ll see that you’re safe for the night. Maybe you could stay with Bryant for a few days, I’ll have to ask if she’ll go for that, would you be comfortable staying with her?”
“Are you married, do you have someone?” The words were out of her mouth before she could stop them.
“No, I have a little place in Santa Monica, it’s not much, there’s a futon in the living room….”
Bryant returned looking weary, “I gotta go, trouble in paradise, I’ll get a bite later. Are you two finished?”
“Yeah,” he said, “hey Sarah, do you have room for one more for a few days?”
“You’ve got to be kidding. I’ve got my nine year old, my mother and my boyfriend fighting over the one TV in my apartment as we speak. Sorry, kid. We’ll take her to Hope Center. She’ll be good there for a couple of weeks, won’t you, Mary-Reagan?”
“My name’s Rae,” she said.
“She has money for a motel,” McClure said, “I was just asking. Let’s get back to the station, you can go home, I’ll run her ID and then drive her wherever she needs to go.”
*
Rae fell in love with Sean McClure’s body, it was incredibly muscled and hard and she could’ve run her hands over it forever. They made love in his unmade bed the minute they walked into his tiny house and it was not at all like the two high school boys she’d known back home. He was romantic and tender which was completely at odds with his solid, officer of the law looks. They made love three times that night and he called in sick the next day which he’d never done before.
Sean had never felt such intense heat from a woman’s body as he did when he held Rae. He was obsessed with the feel of her silken skin as his hands stroked her high, full breasts then moved down to her narrow waist and across her flat belly then under her to cup the small, round ass that fit perfectly in his hands. He thought her unbelievably long legs were a miracle as they wrapped around him, pulling him into her so that he was happily lost.
When they finally abandoned the bed, he called a fellow policeman with an old Toyota for sale and negotiated a good price. She bought it and they cruised along the boulevards of Los Angeles with Sean showing her all the landmarks the city was famous for. They stopped to eat fried chicken and waffles at Roscoe’s then drove back to his house, parked the car in his driveway and tumbled into bed yet again.
It was all so easy from there, as if fate was pushing her life along. No casting calls or sex on the director’s couch. She stayed with Sean, made herself useful, cooked his meals, and couldn’t keep her hands off him. She pulled his mouth to hers each day as he walked through the door and he would carry her like a child to the bed or they would crash onto the kitchen table or crumple to the floor, ravenous for one another.
She drove around Los Angeles in the Toyota while he was on duty, and she marveled at the mansions and the multitudes of people, some exquisite, others hideous.
Sean and Rae played on the beach when he wasn’t working or hiked in the surrounding hills, they camped sometimes and swam in creeks laced with mossy boulders, the water flowing down from the Sierra Nevada’s was cold as ice. He fished and she cooked his catch over an open fire. She would pull him down onto a bed of leaves and lying naked together they thought of nothing more than what was happening in that very moment.
One night they went to Harvelle’s Blues Club to hear some music and an elegantly dressed woman handed Rae a card and insisted that she come to her hotel the next morning.
“It’s your destiny, my dear, that face will be your fortune,” she cooed in a melodic foreign accent.
Sean made love to her that night with such ferocity that she thought she would never walk again. As they lay panting and sweat soaked he pulled her onto his huge chest and held her like a baby.
“You’ll be gone soon,” he whispered, “don’t forget me and remember that I’ll always rescue you whenever you need it.”
She dressed in her nicest sundress and high heeled sandals, Sean had gone to work without waking her. They had made love again in the night, their hands lingering on each other’s bodies as if to imprint the shape and feel, neither of them saying a word other than their cries of release. Rae was meeting the beautiful woman at the Beverly Hills Hotel and she nearly fell off her platform sandals from nervousness. She kicked the ridiculous shoes across the room and slipped into cowboy boots. She curled a few strands of hair with a curling iron, ran her fingers through the thick, walnut colored mass and let it fall loosely down her back. She applied heavy mascara and pale pink lip gloss and when she looked in the mirror, there was a wild young witch with a mane of shining brown sun-streaked hair and enormously slanted and dark-rimmed sea-green eyes.
Heads turned as she walked through the hotel lobby and people whispered, but when the perfectly dressed woman motioned to her from the bar there was complete silence. The woman’s name was Alana DeLuca and her family’s centuries old leather empire was launching a couture line and a signature perfume that Rae would be the face of.
“I love your style, my darling. The boots, the cheap dress with your incomparably beautiful face, delightful!”
She told Rae not to bother to pack a bag, a stylist would accompany them to New York for the photo shoot which was months behind schedule. She had already set it in motion after seeing Rae the night before. From there they would go on to Milan where the corporate headquarters and Atelier were located. Alana shortened Rae’s name from Mary-Reagan Hartford to Reagan Hart when she became the embodiment of DeLuca. In the span three months Reagan Hart became a worldwide it girl, fame was immediate and indescribably intoxicating. She never understood why famous people bitched and moaned about being famous, she considered it the best thing in the world, a pure and privileged high.
*
For two years she was never still, she circled the world on the De Luca jet, wore DeLuca couture and Alana’s jewels and carried purses that cost more than the average American automobile. The world’s top designers sent her their clothes to be photographed in and keep, along with ever more dizzying offers to leave DeLuca and become their muse. She showed the offers to Alana who would smile and kiss both her cheeks, raise her salary and see to it that Rae’s mother had a bigger house, a newer car, and endless world cruises which had become her passion.
Rae was adored by the world and pampered by the DeLuca International family. She stayed in Milan with Alana when she wasn’t traveling, and Alana arranged for a private voice coach to rid Rae of her hated drawl. Tutors arrived at the villa to educate her about art and literature and any other subject that piqued her interest.
Just before her twentieth birthday, Rae flew to Madrid to shoot a new ad campaign for the DeLuca fragrance line. She would be photographed with Spain’s most famous bullfighter who was also an aspiring actor. Reagan’s hair had been lightened to a caramel color and teased into a beautiful mess reminiscent of Bridgette Bardot, her huge sea-green cat-like eyes were rimmed with kohl black eye-shadow swept up at the corners and her lips were stained dark pink and appeared bee-stung. She wore a deep-green washed-silk mini-skirt that barely revealed the perfectly rounded bottoms of her little ass. A matching fitted bustier pushed her breasts up into pale crescents and reduced her narrow waist to almost nothing. An emerald chocker circled her slender neck and flesh colored stilettos showed off her spectacular long legs. The Spaniard’s black hair was pulled into a low, sleek ponytail and his eyes were as slanted as Rae’s but coal black and luminous. His overtly masculine good looks combined with Rae’s chic, bombshell femininity, appeared on billboards around the world and caused a major surge in perfume sales. It also landed the actor his first major film role and brought Rae firmly to the attention of Hollywood’s hottest director.
*
Carlo Bianchi had directed three of the top grossing movies of all time and he had done it in the last five years. He, too, had risen to fame quickly and was drunk with power. He’d become insatiable in his need to own all that glittered in the world and Reagan was the most glittering woman of the day. To the lovely Spanish style cottage she’d purchased in the Hollywood Hills, he sent a Bentley convertible, a personal chef and an American Express Centurion Card. An invitation to accompany him to the Academy Awards followed.
They married secretly in Las Vegas six weeks later and had a no-holds-barred wedding in Tuscany the following summer. Carlo was attractive but not truly handsome, he was tall and lean with thick dark hair and soft brown eyes. He worked out with a personal trainer and looked younger than his forty five years. His smile and his passion for life were irresistible, he had that quality that televangelists and cult leaders possess, he mesmerized all who knew him, Reagan included. Alana didn’t like him from the beginning; she thought he was shady, that he had a secret. She was certain that he was bi-sexual or a bigamist or had been in some South American prison, she didn’t believe he was Italian.
Reagan moved into his palatial estate in Malibu and even though they had sex fairly often they maintained separate bedrooms. Carlo snored like a chainsaw and she required the three bedrooms next to hers to be refitted as closets. Rae continued to be the DeLuca girl and she was offered script after script for small parts in movies and a role in a TV series that was perfect for her.
Carlo intercepted them all and threw them away, “you’re a face my love, a persona. Why tarnish your perfect mystique with acting, you want to be like Madonna and be ridiculed? You’ve never quite lost your Texas twang, what are you going to do, remakes of Tennessee Williams plays forever more?”
She never saw it as holding her back, he was a great director so he knew talent when he saw it. She was still the face of DeLuca twelve years later and was considered one of the ten most beautiful women in the world. She had been on the best dressed list without interruption since Alana had taken control of her wardrobe. Her face had graced the covers of fashion magazines worldwide, articles had been written about her charmed life, wasn’t that enough?
Carlo and Reagan wanted for nothing except, perhaps, a child. He had three grown children from three earlier marriages and he wasn’t close to any of them. The first five years their lives together seemed magical and the next five were heartbreaking for Rae as she got her period exactly on time each and every month.
“Surely you don’t want to ruin your magnificent body carrying a baby,” he would say, talking to Rae as if she were a child. “You are as exquisite as any woman could possibly be, there isn’t a single blemish on your skin. No, you were not meant to have children, my sweet. If it were God’s will, it would have already happened.”
On her thirtieth birthday she cried openly to her gynecologist over her inability to become pregnant.
“Reagan, we have run every test known to modern science over the last five years, the problem can’t possibly be with you.”
“What are you saying?” she asked, drying her eyes.
He handed her a card, “call my brother’s office, he’s the best urologist on the west coast, your husband should make an appointment.”
Carlo swore to her that he would see the doctor, but he was leaving for the South Pacific to begin his next film and would get around to it in a couple of months when he came home on break.
*
Alana sent the jet for Reagan and her mother and they joined her in Paris for fashion week and to celebrate Rae’s birthday. She had also reserved a massive suite for them at the Georges V and had the bedrooms filled with the latest DeLuca fashions. Betsy, Rae’s mother, had attended junior college even though she had warned Rae against it so many years before. She was devoted to bettering herself and giving back to the community as her daughter had given to her. She booted her last husband out as soon as Rae returned to Texas as the DeLuca girl. Rae bought her mother a spacious house in the lovely retirement community of Sun City where Betsy soon became the reigning queen. Betsy quit smoking and drinking, immersed herself in yoga and was mindful of her health. She read voraciously and could discuss almost any topic with anyone at any time.
“My baby girl made something of herself and I owe it to you to be the kind of mother you won’t ever be ashamed of,” she told Rae as she lay on the bed watching her try on clothes. Her hair was silver and cut into a pageboy, it suited her, there was nothing of the high school dropout barmaid about Betsy any longer.
“You look so beautiful Mama, but your awfully thin, are you taking care of yourself?”
“Honey, I’m old and you just don’t realize it, I’ve got aches and pains and old lady mess that I’ve just learned to live with.”
They dressed up for dinner in spectacular attire from the DeLuca signature collection. Reagan wore a short, sixties inspired sheath with leather boots that hugged her legs and ended high up on her thighs just beneath the hem of the dress. Alana had reservations that were nearly impossible to come by at Rae’s favorite restaurant, Laperouse. The three women drank gallons of champagne and nibbled impossibly delicious food and talked and laughed and were the last to leave. They were Rae’s two mothers and she felt like the luckiest girl in the world to have them.
In a cozy semi-circular booth in the hotel bar they ordered more champagne and Alana proposed a toast.
“Here’s to our birthday girl, the daughter I never had and a better one than I could ever have hoped for. And here’s hoping that now that she is of a certain age she will toss that fraud of a husband out on his ass and meet a kind and beautiful man with a large penis and have a dozen babies!”
They all laughed until tears stung their eyes and once or twice they snorted in a very unladylike fashion.
When she could finally speak, Rae’s mother said, “Here, here, I know that big-shot Carlo is no more Italian than I am, he’s probably from Nueva Laredo, and whatever happened to that sweet policeman who saved you at the bus station? Now that was a real man.”
*
When Rae returned to L.A. the limo dropped her off at the beach-front mansion she called home, and although there were several cars in the driveway no one answered when she called out. It was odd that not even a maid was around but maybe Carlo had not made it back from Bali yet. She stripped off her clothes in her bedroom, tied on a soft bathrobe and stepped out on the balcony to watch the sunset over the ocean. What she saw froze her heart. Carlo was lying naked on a chaise lounge by the pool while a young man gave him oral sex and naked woman stood over his face and urinated. She must have gasped or screamed as she stumbled back inside because they all looked up and Carlo shouted, “Oh fuck!” Rae moved quickly to the door and locked it and barely made it to the toilet before she threw-up.
Carlo never went to the urologist, he admitted that he had been “fixed” long ago. He said children took a wife’s attention away from her husband and he would never let that happen again. They struck a deal, he led his life and Rae led hers living under the same roof, more or less. He agreed to create a charitable foundation and fund it with millions of dollars and put her in charge, and more and more he was out of the country making his break the bank movies. She gave money to worthy causes, served on the boards of several organizations but Hope Center for girls was her favorite. She donated time and money to help runaway girls who had fled shattered lives with hopes of fairytale endings in the city of dreams. Rae had been one of those girls and somehow her dream had come true, although not entirely.
One night she stayed late telling stories to the girls about her Texas childhood and even the stern house mother, Mrs. Newton, was shaking with laughter at the thought of the glamorous DeLuca girl as the Boll Weevil Queen. A car pulled up out front and a man guided a teenage girl with two black eyes and a bleeding lip up the front steps. Mrs. Newton answered the door and Rae heard her say, “Well it was kind of you to bring her yourself Detective, we’ve missed seeing you.”
The officer said something as Rae walked up behind Mrs. Newton and peered over her shoulder. Sean McClure stopped mid-sentence as his eyes met hers.
They went for an In And Out Burger for old times’ sake and marveled that nearly twelve years had passed. His eyes were still tender and spoke of every good thing he felt in his heart.
“How can it be that you’re even more beautiful?” he asked and she blushed and said the same could be said of him. They were hesitant at first, talking around things, and sharing inane facts about their lives.
“How about we go to Harvelle’s and have a drink?” he smiled as he asked her.
“Good idea,” she said.
“I have an eight year old daughter,” he told her with obvious pride, “we named her Reagan.”
“Your wife was alright with that?” she asked.
“It was her idea, she’s in love with the DeLuca girl like everyone else. She has no idea about us. How could she live with the truth, knowing that you were once mine?”
“That’s good, and your Reagan, do you have a picture of her?”
He smiled and his face fairly glowed as he showed picture after picture of the pretty little girl playing soccer and doing gymnastics, it touched Rae deeply to see his fatherly side.
“You’re so lucky, she’s a treasure and she’s blessed with your eyes.”
“You don’t want kids?” he asked, and continued, “I guess not, being a model and all.”
“No, that’s not it, I do,” and she tried to blink back tears. “I’m always crying around you it seems.”
“What is it Rae, what has he done to you?”
The tears poured down her face and he led her out of the bar. He drove as she talked, she told him about Carlo, about his lies and their bargain. How hollow it had all become, the fame and the money. Was she any better off than if she’d stayed in a trailer park in Texas? She was still withering away.
“I’ll be watching him, the bastard. I’m a detective now, if he’s into kinky sex he’s probably into drugs, I’ll catch him at something and he’ll get what’s coming to him.” He said, gripping the steering wheel and finally pulling off the road.
“Don’t bother, he’s not worth it,” she said.
“You should leave him, stop leading this half-life, I didn’t save you from the bus stop for nothing. You should be happy, have kids, the works.”
“Funny you should say that, I went to a sperm bank yesterday and asked some questions. It just didn’t feel right, some unknown man.”
She looked in his eyes and she knew they were thinking the exact same thing.
“You have a wife and daughter, there’s no way.”
“I never wanted anything more than I wanted you Rae, I was a mess when you left, I stayed drunk for months and nearly ended my career. There was no escaping the memory of you, and to make things worse, your face and your body were plastered on half the billboards in town. You seemed too perfect to be real but you had been mine, in my bed, moving under my hands and my body, and always in my heart. I never got over you, have my baby.”
She was speechless for a moment, “I won’t break up your marriage or take you from your daughter. If you can give me a baby and walk away the answer is yes, absolutely. I would love a baby of ours but I won’t ruin other lives to have it. I would go away and raise it on my own.”
He started the car and drove to the Four Seasons, when he stopped in front he said he hadn’t thought that someone might recognize her. Rae said she was certain they would but what did it matter? They checked in and three ladies from Texas squealed and asked if they could have their pictures taken with her, she obliged and signed pieces of paper they thrust at her.
In the room they fumbled with buttons and zippers and fell into bed, his body felt familiar under her hands, as firm and hot as she remembered. She had dreamed of him over the last years as her infatuation with Carlo had waned and the lukewarm sex had cooled to merely tepid and then evaporated completely. For ten years she had been married to a man twenty five years her senior, and in truth Carlo had been married to the DeLuca girl, an image and nothing more.
Sean’s mouth on hers was like a drug and she clung to him as he moved to her neck and breasts whispering her name. Her hands were all over him, she was a wild animal, out of her mind with wanting and need. She wrapped her legs around him and pulled him to her.
“Look at me,” he said and she realized her eyes were closed. “I can’t leave you alone; I won’t be able to, if you have a baby. I’ll want to be with you, it’s all I ever wanted. Can’t you find a place for me in your life?”
She was panting with lust, but she closed her eyes again and moved away from him, then she sat on the edge of the bed and gathered a sheet around her to cover her nakedness.
“Go home, Sean, to your wife and daughter. I don’t know what I was thinking. God, I’m so selfish, so used to having whatever I want, but I’m not so far gone that I’ll ruin all of our lives. Even if I had a child and you could walk away, wouldn’t he ask who his father was someday?”
*
She went back to the mansion by the ocean and for the next few months she grew colder and colder. At first she wore sweaters and then coats, layer upon layer of clothes. She turned the heating system to one hundred degrees and while the household staff was sweltering she was freezing to death. In was the end of summer and she spent full days in the bath tub adding hot water, trying to get warm. She saw her doctor and he could find no cause, her temperature was completely normal, he sent her to various specialists and they all said the same.
Carlo returned from Bali and was sure Reagan had taken leave of her senses. She told him to stay on his side of the house and adjust the temperature as he wished but in her room she needed warmth and craved the heat.
She interviewed a string of applicants to take her place as director of the foundation; they came to her bedroom and sweated more than just the interview. She could see the thoughts in their eyes, “the great beauty has lost her mind.” Finally, she appointed a young woman who had degrees in both social work and women’s studies, a woman who seemed tough yet compassionate. She began to thaw out after that and when the weekend arrived she attended the fateful wrap party with her husband, the great director, who it turned out was from Progreso, Mexico just across the Texas border, not far from where she had grown up. His name was Hector Sanchez and he wasn’t the least bit Italian after all.
*
“After you settle up at the tax office you’ll want to pay a visit to the Green brothers,” Reverend Bertram told Rae as they stood outside his church office and he pointed first to the tax office, then to the building at the end of the street. “They’re the only contractors I’d trust with that fine old house. They’re kin to the Mary’s somehow, I believe. Doc Green is a distant cousin is what I’ve heard, although it’s hard to believe since they were always a clan of women. Always four sisters and not a man to shake a stick at, but how could that be? Generations of sisters who had daughters but no men around, it’s strange if you let yourself dwell on it. I liked the Mary’s, they didn’t attend regular services but they came during the week and prayed and left flowers and a generous offering in the collection plate.”
The reverend was tired, Rae could tell, so she said goodbye and went to the tax office and then to the red brick building to find the Green brothers.
The wind had taken a ferocious turn and small cyclones of debris twisted down the street and sidewalks as it pushed her along. She knocked on the door of Green Brothers Contractors and heard shouting inside. A wild-eyed old man swung the door open and motioned her in.
“Hurry, hurry, before that wind gets in! That kind of wind stirs things up and I don’t just mean leaves!” he winked and then scurried to the far end of the room, his battered trench coat flying out around him. Rae followed and he stopped behind a long, metal table covered with beakers and bottles of fluorescent liquid and an ancient microscope. Petrie dishes and jars of powder and old Bunsen burners were strewn about. He seemed to be conducting some sort of experiment and didn’t appear to remember that she was in the room.
“I hate to intrude but I’m looking for the Green brothers, the contractors.”
He looked her over, “You’re not from UPS? For the love of creation I’ve got the fate of mankind right here in front of me and when they say “next day delivery,” by God that’s what I expect! You say you want the boys? Well, they’re somewhere, go find them.” He was busy lighting a burner and setting some ominous looking potion bubbling.
“I was told I might find them here, I really don’t know where else to look.”
He stared off behind her and said, “Ah, Theodore, show this young lady out then call that delivery service and inform them that she arrived without my package. You’re lovely dear girl, but not very adept at your job.”
The younger man crossed the room with an odd clicking sound and a slight catch to his gate and said, “I’m Teddy Green.” He extended a hand that was missing two fingers then turned to the old man and said, “she’s not here to deliver anything Pop, I’m sure your box is on its way.” The side of his face had a long healed scar that stretched from one eye to the edge of his mouth and old burns on his scalp that rendered him partially bald. His eyes were a wonderful golden-brown, intelligent and kind and he didn’t speak with the local misuse of grammar.
He motioned for Rae to follow him to the front of the workshop and below his baggy cargo shorts she could see his prosthetic leg. He pulled out a chair for her to sit in and then walked/clicked behind a desk and lowered himself to sit as well.
“What can I do for you?” he asked and she could see him sizing her up, as a would-be client and as a woman. He looked at her with an appreciation in his eyes that she had only known from one man in Los Angeles since she’d turned thirty.
“I’m Rae, I’ve just moved to town and bought the house at the bend of Temptation Road. I was wondering if you and your brother might possibly restore it for me.”
He sat quietly and she went on, “I would help with the work and I don’t think it’s as bad as everyone says, it seems to be sound and in the right hands it will come back to life. It can be… it will be my dream house, my home. I’m really hoping that you’ll consider…”
The door opened then closed with a bang, a gust of wind sent stacks of papers from the desk flying and whirling.
The old man shouted, “And they called the wind Mariah! Confound it will someone lock the door until all that bluster moves on?”
Teddy didn’t make a move to gather the papers as they settled willy-nilly around the room. He turned his eyes on the person who stood next to the desk and asked, “Did you finish with that carriage house? Good, this is our newest town resident, Miss Hart, if I’m not mistaken.”
Reagan smelled his fresh forest scent even before she turned her face up to look at him. Her heart beat so hard and fast she was sure it was visible for all to see. When their eyes met she couldn’t make a sound; he was, of course, the unnervingly handsome mystery man she’d seen at the Inn on her first night in town. The man she’d kissed on the porch and felt she could fall in love with as he held her body close to his without making a sound.
“This is Fletcher, my brother. Fletcher, I’m pleased introduce Reagan Hart.” Teddy said, giving his brother a lopsided smile then turning his attention back to Rae. “So you’re not a Mary? That’s odd, with you buying the house and all.”
She stood up and extended her hand to the brother; he held it, staring down at the pale, smooth skin and long tapered fingers. He was enthralled by its delicacy and gracefulness and the way it fit perfectly in his own hand.
“Fletcher,” she said, as if testing the sound of it, “Mary-Reagan is my given name; it just doesn’t work as a California name. I’m from Texas originally, when I started working as… a model, I dropped the Mary.”
Fletcher continued to hold her hand and without realizing it, smoothed his fingers over it as she babbled on. He looked directly at her when she mentioned that she was a model and he seemed on the verge of actually saying something. She wasn’t sure if he recognized her as the woman he’d kissed on her first night in town, he gave no solid hint of recognition, but he still held onto her hand as if it were something rare that only he had discovered.
She looked into his eyes in the lighted room, they were so amazingly large and deeply blue in his sun-touched face. Those blue-black eyes drew her in so that she wanted desperately to move toward him and press her face to his neck and inhale and let her lips and tongue taste his skin. He looked as if he’d spent untold days working hard in the brilliant sunlight high up in the mountains. He radiated health and strength, his muscles were well defined under his thin chambray shirt, and he was disarmingly handsome. Beyond all his physical attributes, Rae simply felt as if he belonged with her and she belonged with him.
“She bought the Mary’s house and wants to hire us to restore it, I’m ready for a challenge like that. What do you think?” Teddy asked, and his brother looked as if he wanted to answer, but he let Rae’s hand fall at last, then turned and walked away. “Alright,” Teddy said, “we’ll go out there at sun-up and get a feel for things, then we need the rest of the week to finish a job we’re doing now. How about you meet us at the house next Wednesday and we’ll get started?”
“Are you sure he wants to work on the house, is he okay with working for me?” Reagan asked, watching Fletcher’s broad back and long legs disappear up the narrow set of stairs.
Teddy laughed and his eyes had a mischievous glint, “he definitely wants to do this job, believe me!”
*
The following Wednesday morning she dressed in sweat pants and layered on a tank top and two sweatshirts against the autumn cold. She drove to the house and when she stepped out of the car the sun was already warming the top of the mountain. She stood at the cliff edge of the property and the view across the valley was a tapestry of red and gold all the way to Grandfather Mountain and beyond. A small breeze moved the fallen leaves and they rattled as they knocked into each other, twirling like corkscrews from the trees to the ground.
She wandered back toward the house, past the runaway garden, the leaves of the old plants were huge and the twining vines seemed to move, the heavy sunflower heads turned to watch her, she was almost certain. She felt that if she stood among them for more than a moment she might be lost, swallowed into the whispering foliage and the green darkness and the fertile black earth. The ground had absorbed the sun’s heat and reflected it up into her body, so she peeled off the sweat shirts and kept walking.
The house somehow looked better that morning and she realized that in just a few hours the Green brothers had managed to haul away truckloads of debris. Rae hopped up on the porch and came face to face with Fletcher Green, shirtless and as splendid as a carved statue. He dropped his eyes, stepped off the porch and carried a load of rotted wood to a pile at the edge of the property.
Friendly guy, Rae thought, oh well, he’s probably been swooned over by too many love struck mountain girls.
“Reagan, come in, take a look around, this old place is a treasure for sure!” Teddy smiled a big; ‘I’m in my element’ smile and motioned for her to come inside. One of the brothers had wiped most of the grime off the windows and sunlight was pouring in, the house was more magnificent than she’d imagined, and her heart soared.
It was high-ceilinged with large rooms that attached to one another willy-nilly and with no discernible order. The dining room opened to a side porch that was connected to a potting shed. The laundry room occupied one corner of an impressive library with floor to ceiling shelves stuffed to overflowing with leather-bound books. In the kitchen there were tall white cupboards and bracketed open shelves made from grey and white marble. There were stately French windows and one set opened outward over the deep farm sink to views of the garden. Right in the exact middle of the dreamy kitchen a grand piano stood where an island should have been.
The staircase in the front hall was a wide ornate work of art with woodland creatures, foxes and birds and squirrels, carved into the thick newel post and handrail. There was a second stairway leading upward from the breakfast room, it whimsically turned back and forth upon itself as it made its way to the second floor bedrooms, then the large cluttered attic and finally to a watch-tower ending at a miniature door to a widows-walk at the very top of the house.
Rae was in love with the rambling old house and she knew she’d made the best decision of her life to find it and make it her own. It offered up endless adornments to delight the eye and she was jubilant just standing in the enormous foyer with its breathtaking details. That space alone boasted a fireplace with a gorgeous mantle and wavy-glass-fronted curiosity-cabinets set into the walls, all with the same sprightly carved animals that frolicked on the woodwork of the stairway. She felt so powerful and euphoric just standing in her own piece of paradise that she only wished Fletcher would walk through the door at that exact moment so she could pull him down on the dusty floor and make love to him until he screamed her name.
“Teddy,” she said, blinking away the image of her naked body tangled with his brother on the floor and shocked at her wanton lust, “you know we didn’t talk about money, I have an idea what building materials will cost, but what about your fee and your brother’s.”
“We’re glad for the work, this is an important project for us as well, and the Mary’s were my father’s cousins several times removed. They were in their eighties at least, when we came to live with Pop. They were like aunts to us, kind of took the place of our mother. We spent a lot of time out here when we were boys. Pop would tend the garden and gather plants for his experiments and Fletcher, Quinton and I would play in the house, we know every nook and cranny. Don’t worry, pay what you can, our living expenses are low, it’s the work we love and now the house will come alive again.”
“Well, I should pay a retainer up front and what about lumber and supplies?”
“We have accounts with suppliers, we’ll give you those bills as they come and no need for an advance, don’t worry, it will all work out.”
Fletcher moved through the room, seemingly oblivious to Rae and Teddy, he’d put on a shirt and he disappeared up the stairs carrying a ladder over his shoulder.
“Okay,” Teddy said. “I better get to it, he wants to get started upstairs now. We’ll get an electrician out here tomorrow; the whole place needs to be rewired. It’s a big job, we could do it ourselves, but with plumbing and plaster and woodwork on top of that it would take a lot longer.”
“Right, yes. Get it done; I want to move in, what about the roof?”
“We’re going up there for a look after lunch,” he pointed to a longer extension ladder in the back of his truck. “You should go on out to Builders Supply on the highway, pick some paint colors and roof shingles. We can rebuild the cabinets here at the site, and those old soapstone counters will last forever. All the sinks and bathtubs need resurfacing or you can pick new ones. The faucets are solid, they’ll need polishing but they’re sound. If you want fancier fixtures there’s a plumbing showroom in Asheville, it’s a couple of hours drive each way.”
“Teddy,” she said as he turned to go, “I hope I haven’t offended your brother in some way that I’m not aware of, I would never…”
“No, no, Fletcher’s not very sociable and I’m sure you figured out that he doesn’t talk. Don’t mind him he loves this house and he thinks you’re God’s gift to the mortal world. He’s been pretty much a fan since that ad with you and the bullfighter was plastered on a billboard out on the county highway. Don’t tell him I said so, but when he heard they were taking it down he climbed up there and peeled off the section with your face. It’s still hanging on the wall in his room!” He said and smiled his lopsided smile. “We’ll be here until dark and you might want to make a wish list, write down your hopes and dreams, for the house I mean, what’s most important to you, how you want it to turn out.” Then he clicked up the stairs carrying a giant tool box in his fingerless hand.
Has my picture on his wall. She’d posed for that picture ten years before and Fletcher had saved it from being destroyed and he thought she was beautiful. Her stomach and her heart felt strange, good but strange. The way she looked had only been her meal ticket in the past, now a mouth-wateringly sexy man who’d never said a word to her harbored a secret crush on her, it made her beauty suddenly seem worthwhile. She walked outside, stepped off the porch and heard wood scraping above her. An upstairs window was being forced open, the old paint catching and cracking. When it was fully open Teddy leaned out, smiling and waving.
“Reagan, your bedroom will be in pretty good shape by next week, we’ll be finished with the paint and the woodwork and the fireplace should be working. We know you’re anxious to move in, Fletcher thought you might want to bring a bed and your things and sleep here soon. We’ll have the hall bath in working order too, and a makeshift kitchen. We can get someone out here to do some serious cleaning and scrubbing if you like.”
“I can clean,” Rae said, “I’ll get supplies and be right back. Should I pick up some lunch? Wait a minute, Fletcher said I might want to move in?”
“Well not in so many words!” he laughed and thanked her for the offer of lunch but said they had brought their own, then he disappeared back through the window.
Fletcher walked out the front door just then with another load of debris for the woodpile. He gave her a quick glance and a smile that caused a burst of pleasure down deep in her belly, and as he passed the garden she could’ve sworn the plants vibrated at his nearness.
*
Later on when the brothers were still hard at work long past sundown and Rae was exhausted from just watching the ferocity with which they worked, she drove down the mountain to the Inn.
Dody sat on the old sofa drinking a glass of wine, the empty bottle rested on a table beside her next to a UPS package.
“Hey doll, a package came for you today, why don’t we open it and see if it’s a million dollars! Come sit with me a minute or two, I just got Coco to bed, you wouldn’t believe the homework they send home with an eight year old. You want some wine? I can open another bottle,” she tried to stand and sank back down on the sofa. “Guess you’ll have to get it yourself, I might have had a tad too much.”
“I’m fine,” Rae said, sitting down beside her and opening the small box. Inside was her new cell phone, she unwrapped it and began programming numbers into it as she spoke to Dody, “What about you? Did something happen, something with your boss or that Quinton Green?”
“It’s an old story baby doll,” she slurred, “the man I love don’t love me, but the funny thing is, he loves my kid.” She looked at Rae and she seemed to be thinking a little more clearly, “have you ever felt like your life is so messed up and your heart is nothin’ but a punching bag? It’s my own damn fault really, he ain’t done nothin’ wrong but try to be like a big brother to Coco, and him knowing what he knows about me and her daddy, how could he ever love me back?”
Rae’s heart began to ache, Dody was in love with Fletcher, that much she was sure of. The big question was, what did he feel for Dody? Maybe Rae was an idiot to think he would fall in love with her, he might simply be like Carlo, worshipping the DeLuca girl but not the real woman. Coco had told Rae her favorite pastime was playing checkers with Fletcher in front of the fireplace at the Inn and she’d heard Dody thank the delivery guy for a pizza that Fletcher had sent for her and the little girl. It was obvious he was the man Dody was love sick over.
“Yes,” Rae said finally, “I’m divorcing a man now who only loved the thought of me in a photograph, and I left a good man years ago because I wanted all that glittered. Seems like love isn’t as easy as we expect it to be, it’s more like in fairytales where the princess gets locked in the cellar or sleeps for a thousand years waiting for true love. I don’t know about you Dody, but even though falling in love is frightening, I still think it’s worth the risk.”
“Well I wouldn’t risk waiting around for Fletcher Green if that’s what you have in mind,” Wade Campion said, he was leaning against the door from the front hall, and neither Rae or Dody had noticed him. “All the women seem to fall for that quiet unreachable quality of his, for all the good it does them, and here’s poor Dody trying to trap him with her fatherless child. She can’t wait for me to roll into town so she can sleep with me and think about him while were going at it. Now Quint is just a college boy but he’s set his sights on you and that boy gets what he wants. Just think about it, he’s smarter than his brother and younger, and there’s nothing to compare with a young man when a thirty year old woman is in heat.”
“Where did you come from?” Dody asked, giving Wade the evil eye. “You better leave my child outta this, and her crazy daddy don’t even know she exists. As for Reagan Hart she don’t have no use for a mountain man like Fletcher or his ‘too good for the rest of us’ little brother, and Quinton ain’t a boy. Hell, if he ever gets out of college or finishes his doctoral thingamajig the whole town will throw a party or keel over dead from shock! Besides, some nice man called here lookin’ for her earlier, said he was an officer of the law from California. His name is Sean and I could tell he’s good lookin’ just from the sound of his voice.” She turned to Rae, “He said you’ve got his number and he wants you to call him so he can come out and talk to you. He’s in love with you, I just know it and he asked if you were here in North Carolina by yourself. I gave him this address, I hope you don’t mind, he just sounded like he needed to see you real bad.”
Wade smiled at Rae as if he didn’t care to hear a thing Dody had to say, then he said, “If you want a man who knows how to treat a lady, forget about the cop and these local boys. I’m from Knoxville and I have a way with fancy women.”
“Yes, I can certainly see that,” Rae said, slipping by him and up the stairs. She was going to her room to call her mother and then Alana from the new cell phone, then she was packing her bags and moving to the Mary’s house as soon as humanly possible.
*
In the following week Rae wandered around the Temptation Road property. She worked to pull some weeds and untangle a clutch of vines in the cutting garden only to find new sprouts spring up immediately in their place. One day a big white rooster joined her, strutting his stuff around the garden and pulling fat worms from the soft earth. He was just there from seemingly nowhere and he pecked at the ground around her feet, following her and making strange little noises if Rae was out of his sight.
Rae and Fletcher drove all over the mountain and Rae asked if anyone was missing a rooster, but no one was. She decided she liked him, when she sat on the porch swing he hopped up and sat with her. She stroked the red comb on top of his head after she got over being afraid of him and he would settle against her and fall asleep. Teddy named him Colonel Sanders and Rae became ridiculously fond of him. He followed her everywhere and cocked his head this way and that like a little mechanical bird, ogling Rae with his beady little chicken eyes.
Fletcher’s own eyes sparkled as he stopped before going into the house one day, he was assembling an antique four-poster bed in the master bedroom so Rae could move in that afternoon. She was sitting in a rocker on the porch, reading a book and petting the rooster that perched on her lap. When she looked up and into Fletcher’s delighted eyes she jumped, dropping the book and spilling Colonel Sanders onto the floor boards. Fletcher shook his head and laughed, the first sound she had ever heard him make, a deeply erotic lyrical sound, and she heard it still as he went on into the house and vanished up the stairs.
A few days later it was a red fox that climbed stealthily through an open window, and Teddy and Fletcher found Rae backed into a corner of the sunroom watching the animal sniff around. Fletcher tapped his fingers against the leg of his jeans and the fox ran to him and rubbed against him like a cat. Teddy told Rae to get used to it, the animals and the plants and the house yearned for company and most especially they’d been waiting patiently for the new Mary.
The next morning when Rae rolled around in her big antique bed not wanting to leave the divine comfort of its whisper soft sheets, mounds of feather pillows, and fluffy duvet, Teddy called from downstairs to let her know he was there, but he said Fletcher wasn’t with him. Her heart and stomach lurched and she wondered where he was, as she slipped into yoga pants, flannel shirt, a big cashmere sweater and socks. Then she showed off her new bed to Teddy as he handed her a cup of coffee.
“I went to that auction in Ashville last weekend, you know the night and day I was gone? I bought the bed and a few other things that I’m having shipped, but they were able to take the bed apart and put it in the Yukon. Isn’t it glorious? It’s been forever since I had things just for myself, I had a cottage in L.A. before I married Carlo but I was never there. Mostly I was in Milan with Alana DeLuca or traveling for work. Anyway that’s all over now if my damned divorce will come through, and this is the life I want. I ordered all the linens from a great store called ‘Feather Your Nest’ and now if you and Fletcher just get that fireplace working I’ll be in heaven, it does get cold up here in the middle of the night!” Rae said. She was happy in her scantily furnished room in her unfinished house and she was adapting to her pet rooster, but she wondered where the man of her dreams could possibly be. What had kept Fletcher away that morning?
*
Around noon he drove up and walked in the house holding a puppy. It was a chocolate lab and he handed it gently to Rae. Teddy said that Fletcher thought maybe she needed something more to love than a rooster and that it would grow to be a decent watch dog. Rae took the puppy and buried her face in the velvety softness of its fur, then she caught the front of Fletcher’s shirt and pulled him to her. His eyes turned dark and she stood on her tiptoes and pressed her lips to his and kissed him just a little too long. They both blushed and Teddy cleared his throat and asked what she would name the puppy.
“I don’t know, he feels like velvet but that’s not a very good name for a boy dog,” Rae said, then she held him up and looked at his tummy to make sure he was a boy.
Teddy and Fletcher laughed at her then as Teddy put coffee beans in the grinder to make a fresh pot.
“He’s the color of a coffee bean,” she said, looking into Fletcher’s eyes and he smiled and nodded. “Coffee?” she asked and he shook his head. “Bean?” she asked laughing, and Fletcher nodded and took the fat puppy from her and nuzzled its fur with his eyes closed and a look of pure joy on his face.
“Bean,” she said, moving close to Fletcher and petting the puppy. She looked into his eyes when he opened them, he still held the puppy close as he smiled down at her, and she said, “He’s the best gift anyone’s ever given me, and I love him already.”
The three of them worked inside the house all day while a storm was brewing on the mountain and in the forest, the north wind blew in suddenly and left monstrous black clouds hanging over Temptation Road. The wind howled like a banshee all around the eaves and chimneys of the house trying to claw its way in. Snow began to fall and soon it was blowing and swirling so that it was impossible to tell if it was falling up, down or sideways.
Teddy bundled up as best he could and said, “This storm came on fast, I’d better go check on Pop.” 
“Maybe Fletcher should go with you, it looks dangerous out there, the roads must be icy,” Rae said, holding the sleeping puppy and hoping Teddy wouldn’t agree with her.
“No, he’s nearly done with that bedroom fireplace; if you lose power way up here on the mountain you’re going to need it for heat. I’ll just be sure the old man eats a hot meal and doesn’t burn the place down, then I’ll come back if the roads aren’t too bad.”
She found that she could talk endlessly as Fletcher listened. Sometimes she would be chattering away and she’d catch him studying her face intently. One time she looked up and he was staring longingly at her mouth, his eyes were nearly black at that moment and she felt her face and body burning with lust for him. More and more she knew that she had never wanted anything more than she wanted to be loved by Fletcher Green. It hadn’t been her choice to go to Los Angeles, then she had stumbled into becoming the DeLuca girl and her life had simply unfolded from there of its own accord. But she wanted him; she desired a complete and entire life with him. He was her choice, his beauty and goodness and even his silence. She wanted to feel him inside her and then grow a baby from that act. From an act of love, something she’d never truly felt for a man, and the most certain thing she’d ever known in her life was that she was undeniably in love with him.
Downstairs her cell phone rang again and again, she finally went to down and looked at the screen. Alana had tried to call and Sean and even her mother, but she had talked with her mother just days before so she knew it wouldn’t be anything important. In the kitchen she made two mugs of hot chocolate, then on a whim poured in a few splashes of bourbon and carried them upstairs.
She sat cross legged a few feet from where he worked, he lay on his back struggling with the rusty fireplace damper and she sat a mug next to him when he noticed her.
“Cheers!” she said lifting her mug, she took a sip and coughed, it was stronger than she expected.
He sat up and laughed, which was always a welcome sound, he wore a thin t-shirt and jeans even though it was cold, but fighting with the rusted metal of the old fireplace made him sweat. He reached for his zippered hoodie and wiped the chimney soot from his face, then took a large swallow from the mug while his eyes held hers.
“A drinking contest, is that what you want?” she asked. “Okay then, you got it buddy!” She took another large swallow and her eyes watered.
He laughed loud and long and it was such a magical sound, always unexpected and wonderfully comforting.
They drank and she talked as he listened, then he finished his drink all at once and smiled at her like the cat who ate the canary and went back to work.
She ran downstairs, grabbed the bottle of bourbon, then returned to the bedroom and placed it on the floor between them. His eyes twinkled as she poured the amber liquid into their empty mugs. She lifted hers and drank and it was so strong she fought not to spit it out. He tilted his head to the side and his eyes were full of merriment that let her know he thought she was a light weight.
“Let me see you do better!” she said and he turned his mug up and drained it, then wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “Hmm, so you’re a smart ass, huh?” she said and tried to do the same, but she coughed and sputtered while most of it ran down her chin.
He leaned back on his elbows and laughed loudly once again. The liquor coursed through her veins making her bold, she moved toward him and placed a hand on his chest, “is talking the only thing you don’t do?”
His eyes darkened and she was shocked at the implication of her own words. He lay on his back and pulled her on top of him, her hair fell across his chest and he sighed deeply as his mouth covered hers. The kiss was electric and ignited something within her that was new and scandalous. His hands were on her face and in her hair, his lips brushed her neck and then they were hot on her mouth again. They turned as one and she stared up at his face with wonder, her hands moved over his body, touching the firm muscles she had only dreamed of.
Their hands were unsteady as he unbuttoned her shirt and she tugged at his t-shirt, working her hands under the soft cloth onto his burning skin. She fumbled with the buckle of his belt as his free hand slipped into her pants to caress her smooth thigh and pull it higher and firmly against him, then his fingers moved farther up sliding between her legs as she moaned.
Outside the wind screamed and the house shuddered and shifted and rattled. Wicked huge snowflakes and hail knocked against the window panes as if begging to be let in. Wild creatures in the forest howled and screeched and braved the storm to draw near to the house. Ancient logs in the fireplace sparked to life and sent black smoke curling into the white and stormy night, and those who could see it all the way from town wondered if a miracle or a calamity had occurred. Rae and Fletcher were oblivious to it all, they were already lost in each other.
He moved away from her and stood up, then leaned forward quickly and scooped her into his arms. He carried her to the tall four-poster bed and laid her down amidst the layers of plump linens as she laughed happily. He pulled off his t-shirt and tossed it aside and she sat up and ran her hands over the sculpted muscles of his chest and arms. His hands peeled her shirt and pants away and she watched wide eyed as he stepped out of his faded jeans and stood naked before her. He blushed scarlet at the look on her face and he wanted to tell her that he hadn’t gotten around to washing clothes that week, so all his underwear were in the laundry basket.
Her hands were on his broad shoulders pulling him down on the bed, and they lay facing each other, letting their hands move as they pleased while they kissed. His hands caressed her narrow shoulders and back then released her intricate lace bra so that his lips brushed her upturned breasts before returning to her mouth. They kissed deeply, their tongues exploring and tasting unquenched desire. Her legs entwined with his as his long body moved above her and his fingers trailed down to the hot little triangle between her legs. She gasped at his touch and she heard him moan as she arched her hips and quaked beneath him.
“Oh sorry, God, I’m sorry!” Teddy said as stood in the doorway, and the couple sprang apart.
Rae gathered the duvet to cover them and Fletcher held her firmly against his chest.
Teddy didn’t make a move to leave the room but it was plain to see that he was embarrassed and looked terribly uncomfortable, then he spoke. “I brought someone with me from town, I wouldn’t have interrupted but he’s desperate to see you, Rae. He’s a police detective and it’s urgent, he said it’s been all over the news, your husband’s been arrested and you’re wanted in Los Angeles for questioning.”
END


THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR READING!
Please leave your reviews in the Kindle Store.

For A Limited Time get Temptation Road 3 FREE, 
when you purchase Temptation Road 2!

Temptation Road Book 2: Speaking of the Charmed Life…
With bonus book Temptation Road 3: A Wing and a Prayer!!!
Here is the link  http://www.amazon.com/Kimball-Lee/e/B00ECONMB4/ref=ntt_athr_dp_pel_1
Just hit the link above to purchase Temptation Road 2… book 3 has been added to the end of it!
Or check out a SNEAK PEAK at Temptation Road 2 below!
Chapter One

Reagan sat beside Sean McClure on the flight back to Los Angeles and although she didn’t cry, she wanted to. She held a narrow leather pouch on her lap and stared down at it. Fletcher had driven them to the airport and handed it to her when he kissed her goodbye. Rae stared at it for a long time and she didn’t dare look inside until Sean had fallen asleep. The pouch was the size of an envelope, long and thin, and it was made of soft leather wrapped with a silken cord. When she opened it a large feather and a folded paper fell out. She held the feather up, and in the light from the jet’s window, it flashed like silver. As she turned it in her hand, it became iridescent, reflecting every color under the heavens. Then, when it was held just so, it was as blue-black as Fletcher’s eyes. She unfolded the sheet of paper and two quotes were written there in beautiful slanting script.
 “For now we see through a glass darkly,” and “There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.”
Below those strange lines Fletcher had written, ‘You and I belong together, Fletcher’.
At LAX, before she and Sean could slip into an unmarked police car, cameras were thrust toward Reagan, and the paparazzi began their barrage of questions. 
“Reagan! Are you shocked by your husband’s death? Do you believe he was murdered? Did you know he was cheating the government? Was the girl he kidnapped from Hope Center?”
Sean hurried Reagan into the car, climbed in beside her, and told the officer at the wheel to drive away fast. 
“Dead?” she asked Sean, and her voice was filled with horror. “I thought you said he was in custody for tax evasion and kidnapping. For God’s sake that’s bad enough, how can he be dead, wasn’t he in jail? Sean, did the inmates kill him? Did he take a girl from Hope Center? My God, was he abusing girls from the women’s shelter our foundation was supporting?”
“My phone was off during the flight, let me find out what’s going on,” Sean said, and he leaned toward the driver and asked what had happened.
“Carlo Bianchi was crying and screaming in Spanish last night, he was out of his mind. So he was moved to a cell away from the other prisoners. This morning he was found dead on the floor of that cell,” the officer said, looking in the rearview mirror to see how the news affected Reagan.
“Suicide?” Sean asked, lowering his voice and wishing that Reagan didn’t have to hear the details.
“No, the coroner is doing an autopsy now; it looks like he had a heart attack. There were scratches all over his face, arms, and chest, and his shirt was ripped to shreds,” the officer said bluntly.
“He scratched himself in a fit of delirium? What the hell was he so scared of, the IRS or the kidnapped girl’s family?” Sean asked, trying to make sense of that odd piece of news.
“Nope, no skin under his fingernails, they even swabbed the nails of the other inmates. Coroner says the marks don’t look human, more like they were made by the talons of bird. A very large bird…” the officer said, before Sean told him not to say anything more.
Sean said he could have Rae’s questioning delayed in light of the new development, but she wanted to get it over with. She thought she had left Carlo and California behind, and she wanted nothing more than a life with Fletcher on Temptation Road. Fletcher had insisted on driving her and Sean to the airport in Knoxville, and he kept one hand firmly on the steering wheel and the other wrapped tightly around Rae’s hand. When Sean said he would explain about Carlo’s arrest as soon as they were on the plane, she insisted he tell it right then so Fletcher could hear as well.
The IRS had made multiple attempts to contact Carlo; it seemed he had never paid a dime in federal income tax. As well, he’d neglected to pay California state income tax on most of his earnings and with interest and penalties, the amount had snowballed. When IRS agents arrived at the mansion to assess the property and padlock the doors, they found Carlo engaged in a lewd act with a thirteen-year-old girl. He was arrested for tax evasion as well as kidnapping, indecency with a minor, and possible statutory rape. All of his property had been seized and his bank accounts frozen, in spite of the hundreds of millions his movies had made, he was wiped out financially. The federal government was aware that for whatever reason, Reagan had never filed a tax return with Carlo, so she was not responsible for his debt. Still, the state of California and the city of Los Angeles had plenty of questions for her as to what she knew about Carlo’s personal behavior. 
Rae was questioned for several hours at the police station, and Sean made sure she had her attorney present. She answered the investigating detective’s questions, then Sean drove her to the Beverly Hills Hotel. 
“Thank you for coming all the way to North Carolina to get me, Sean. I have to say, you’re really devoted to your work,” she said, as he unlocked the door to the private cabana where she would be staying.
“Rae, I’m the lead detective in charge of this case, but I flew across the country because I wanted to be there for you… I always want to be there for you. Can I come in, Rae? We should talk, there are things… personal things I need to say; I’ve left my wife….”
“This isn’t the time for that,” Rae said, she was bone tired and jet lagged. She needed time to process the day’s events and the implications of Carlo’s life, and now his death. Her almost ex-husband had been killed in a horrific manner, and he’d left behind the biggest mess she could imagine.
“Rae, you and the man in North Carolina, the man who doesn’t speak, what’s that all about?” Sean asked, he’d stepped inside the opulent cabana and didn’t look like he intended to leave.
She took his hand and led him to the door, then kissed his cheek and gently shoved him outside. “I’m exhausted, Sean, and Carlo is dead. I haven’t loved him in a very long time, and he was obviously nothing but a fiend, still, he died today. So let’s show a little respect for the dead, and just so you know, I’m in love with ‘the man who doesn’t speak’. Goodnight, we’ll talk tomorrow, then I want to catch a flight back home as soon as possible. Los Angeles isn’t a city of angels; I can’t imagine why anyone would ever have given it that name.”
*
“I’m not giving up on you Rae,” Sean said a week later when he walked with her through the airport. “I’m going to check out this Fletcher Green, you don’t exactly have the best track record for picking men.”
She removed her hand from his and before she entered the security check line, “Are you including yourself in that category?”
“No, I’m not, you should be with me. I can protect you from anything,” he said, pulling her against him.
“Nothing protects us from what can happen, Sean. You saw the look on Carlo’s face when he was lying on a cold table in the morgue; he died with his eyes wide open in terror. And those marks on his body, you heard what the coroner said. They probably weren’t deep enough to kill him, but whatever thing attacked him must have frightened him enough to stop his heart. I’m going home now, to my real home. I belong with Fletcher, if there’s safety anywhere, it’s with him; I feel it.”
 Sean closed his eyes for a moment and shook his head in resignation. He reluctantly stepped back from Rae and handed her the wooden urn that held Carlo’s ashes. “You should have stuffed this in a suitcase; in fact I’d better walk you through the check point. Not everyone takes a box of human remains as a carry-on.”
“Its fine,” she said, “Carlo’s relatives will be waiting at the airport in San Antonio, and I’ll give them the urn. My mother is meeting me there and I’m staying with her for a few days, thanks for everything Sean.”
“Call me when you get to Texas, I want to know that you’re safe, Rae. Carlo’s death, it’s all highly suspect. Maybe you should go to Milan and stay with Alana until we have some solid answers. I mean it, call me the minute you land, I worry about you,” he said, leaning over the collapsible barricade to kiss her.
“Watch the news, if it doesn’t mention a plane crash, you’ll know I made it just fine,” she said. She wanted to be away from him, and California, and the haunting secrets of Carlo’s world. “I’m going back to Fletcher, to my house, that’s where I belong now.”
Photographers and reporters swarmed around suddenly from out of nowhere, shouting their unseemly questions just as Rae made it through security and was beyond their reach. 
“Reagan Hart! Reagan, what do think killed your husband?” They yelled as they snapped pictures of her, “Is it true that he was involved in satanic rituals? Do you believe he was killed by La Lechuza?”
What on earth? Reagan wondered, and she googled ‘La Lechuza’ on her phone as she sat at the gate waiting for her flight.
*
“That slimy perverted pedophile!” Reagan’s mother, Betsy, said as soon as they had handed the urn of ashes to Carlo’s wailing relatives. Rae tossed her bags in the trunk of her mother’s car and climbed into the convertible BMW. “I knew he was bad news, but kidnapping and rape and now he’s dead? What the heck happened, Rae? Was he always a nut-job and you just didn’t want to tell anyone?”
“Oh, Mama, I don’t know. He was a selfish, controlling, egomaniac, and I found out later on he was pretty messed up in the sex department. I don’t want to talk about him, except to say thank goodness Alana never let me mix my money with his, or file a joint tax return. I won’t be getting any more checks from Carlo, of course, and not a dime of property settlement. Mama, I have some money left from modeling, but with what I’ve spent on the house I’m remodeling, it’s not much. Are you okay until I do another ad-campaign for DeLuca?” Rae asked, she could stop the work on the house in Seven Devils and live on very little, but she would do whatever it took to make sure her mother was comfortable. As well, the charitable foundation that Carlo had funded was gone, and that was a huge concern. Especially the Hope Center, Rae knew she would have to continue on as the DeLuca girl to generate enough money to keep it going. 
“Are you kidding me, Mary-Reagan? Why, I’ve invested a ton of the money you sent me all those years. I can take care of both us, so just tell me how much you need,” Betsy said, she smiled at her daughter and gave her knee a little squeeze. “I’m just right as rain, darlin’. Let’s get a margarita and some good Tex-Mex food and you tell me all about this wonderful new man you’ve met. You can fill in the details about old ‘got what he deserved’ Carlo later on.”
“I’m in love with him, Mama. His name is Fletcher Green, it’s happened so fast, just all kind of out of the blue, but I love him like nothing I’ve ever felt before. He doesn’t talk, you know, so the conversations are a little one-sided, but he makes me feel something… magical… I can’t explain it. He gave me this puppy, a chocolate lab; you know how I’ve always wanted one, right? How could he have known that? I could tell when he handed me the puppy, I could tell by the look in his eyes, he knew. He knew it was exactly what I’d always dreamed of, he must know I love him, too. And if he doesn’t know now, he’ll know soon enough that I want him, and I want a baby, his baby, our baby.”
“Well, sweet daughter of mine, if he doesn’t want to knock you up, he’s the only man on the planet who isn’t interested in that job. I’m sorry baby girl, that was crude, just sounds to me like he already knows what you want and need, and he’s ready to see that you get it.”
“Maybe,” Rae said, she missed Seven Devils, suddenly, and she missed the Mary’s house. Mostly she missed Fletcher, and she wanted to get back to him, and pick up right where they’d left off. She also had a feeling that, although her mother’s life was full and busy, she was perhaps a bit lonely, and not just for a daughter’s companionship.
“What about you, Mama, are you dating anyone? You look great, you’re still young, and I’m sure Sun City is bursting at the seams with eligible widowers and various men who are dying to show you a good time.”
“Oh honey, I can’t even count the first dates I’ve been on with the eligible men in this community. Let me tell you, all the men in Sun City are way past their ‘sell-by’ date! Don’t give me that look, Mary-Reagan, I’m not kidding, either they’re old and crotchety, or have to be pushed in a wheel chair, or hooked up to an oxygen tank. If they’re the least bit physically fit, they seem to think I’m supposed to jump for joy when I hear they have a lifetime supply of Viagra. And you just run on down to the pool tomorrow and take a look at the bald heads, beer-bellies, and hairy shoulders. Not only that, most of the old geezers have more money than God, but they’ll pinch a penny like nobody’s business. They all want to go out to dinner before six thirty so they can take advantage of the two-for-one special. No thank you, I can take myself out to dinner, and I cannot stand a cheap man! I did date this one guy for a while who was nice as could be and interesting, but once we decided to ‘go all the way’ it was a deal breaker. Turns out he had so much fur on his back that even my Dyson wouldn’t have been able to handle it. Then he was so damned lazy, he wanted me to do all the work in bed, like I was some twenty year old gymnast or something. Finally, he turned over, flipped the switch on some machine, and put on a big old breathing mask. Well, that was enough for me, I’d rather stay single than date the walking dead.”
“Mama, you’re exaggerating, surely it can’t be that bad,” Reagan was laughing then, as they were seated at Betsy’s favorite Mexican food restaurant. Betsy entertained with hilarious stories of men who thought they were Romeo with their polyester hair pieces, ill-fitting false teeth, and socks pulled up to their knees and worn with Bermuda shorts and sandals. 
*
“Mama, have you ever heard the term La Lechuza?” Rae asked, and the waitress sat their plates of enchiladas in front of them, then crossed herself and scurried away.
“Darlin’ don’t be talking about things like that out in public. A lot of people in these parts are just old fashioned superstitious,” Betsy said, lifting her margarita glass to clink it against Rae’s in a goodwill toast. “Don’t you remember hearing those South Texas folktales about the chupacabra and the Lechuza? Those stories scared you silly when you were a little girl.”
“I’d forgotten about them, and I never believed they were true,” Rae said, “I mean, a blood-sucking goat and giant owl with the face of a woman?”
“Yes, the one about the chupacabra has pretty much been explained away, they’re obliviously just a bunch of coyotes with rabies. La Lechuza, now that’s something else altogether. The legend goes that it was a curandera who was exposed as a bruja and the town’s people killed her. So she returned as the huge ‘witch-bird’, and she mostly appears during thunderstorms and pecks like crazy at your windows with her beak. Then she swoops down and catches her prey when they come outside to see what’s going on. After that who knows? I guess she scratches her victims to death or carries them off into the treetops or wherever her lair is hidden,” Betsy said, her voice was bright as could be while she dipped a tortilla chip in a bowl of hot sauce. 
“Betsy,” Rae said, rolling her eyes and shaking her head at her mother, “would you speak English please. I left here about a hundred years ago, and I don’t know what all those Spanish words mean.”
“Well excuse me Miss Astor! A curandera is a woman who practices black magic and a bruja is a plain old witch. Most of them are said to be in cahoots with the devil, it’s all a bunch of bullshit if you ask me. But once when I was real little, I heard a terrible sound outside and the wind was whipping around like crazy. It sounded just like a baby crying and crying. Well, the next morning we found our big yellow tom-cat scratched to pieces in the yard, and there were huge feathers scattered on the ground all around his body,” Betsy said and shivered.
“Did you keep any of the feathers?” Rae asked in spite of herself.
“Good Lord, no. My mama always said if you touched a feather from La Lechuza you would drop dead within the year. Besides, they were ugly old mangy mud colored feathers crawling with lice. I wasn’t even tempted to touch one. Are you finished darlin’? You’ve barely touched your enchiladas.”
*
Rae’s cell phone rang early the next morning, and she answered and listened as Sean spoke, then she went downstairs to find her mother. Betsy was stepping off the treadmill in the family room, and she gave Rae a peck on the cheek and led her into the kitchen.
“It’s so good to have you here, baby girl,” her mother said, as she handed Rae a cup of coffee and grabbed a bottle of water for herself.
“Sean just called, you know, Officer… I mean, Detective McClure? The autopsy report confirms it, Carlo died of a massive coronary. He died of fright, with his eyes and mouth wide open as if he were screaming, but no one in the jail heard a thing. The scratches on his body tested positive for bird DNA, an owl, to be exact,” Rae said, and she was frightened for the first time since she’d left Fletcher and North Carolina.
“Well, what do they think happened? Did an owl fly in through a window and scare the shit out of the big dumb child-raping sissy?” her mother asked without batting an eyelash.
“Oh Mother, please, you always told me not to speak ill of the dead. They have no idea how he got those claw marks, that’s what they said they were, claw marks. Police officers took his picture when he was booked at the jail and there wasn’t a scratch on his face. Then when he changed into a jail-issue jumpsuit, a guard stood watch and didn’t notice any marks on his body. Mama, one of the paparazzi at the airport asked if I believed he was killed by La Lechuza. That young girl Carlo was keeping with him, her family came from Tijuana to get her, and she’s gone mad or something. She screams if anyone looks her in the eye, and then she starts chanting “La Lechuza” over and over.” Reagan shivered, it seemed that since she’d heard about Carlo’s death she shivered at the slightest undo thought. 
“You look like someone just walked over your grave, honey. Don’t tell me those crazy fairytales are getting to you,” Betsy said.
“I need to show you something,” Rae said and ran upstairs to get her purse. When she came back into the kitchen, she sat on a barstool and handed her mother the leather pouch.
“Oh honey, this is beautiful, what’s in it?” her mother asked.
“Empty it out on the counter, Mama. Maybe you shouldn’t touch what’s inside.”
Betsy opened the pouch and shook the feather and the folded paper onto the countertop. “Will you look at that,” she said, and her voice was filled with awe as she picked up the silver feather and brushed it against her cheek. Rae was about to tell her to wait, but her mother’s face fairly glowed, and a smile of pure joy settled on her lips. “Oh my, oh dear Lord! Have you ever felt anything like that before?”
“Let me see,” Rae said, and took the feather from her mother’s trembling hand and held it near her nose. The most intriguing aroma filled her mind, and as she brushed it across her cheek, she felt her soul leap with indescribable pleasure. 
“Where did you get these? Oh darlin’, you have a guardian angel!” Betsy said as she read the words written precisely on the paper.
“I do? Fletcher gave this to me before I left for Los Angeles. It’s from him, Mama, the man I’m in love with, and I sure don’t think he’s an angel!” Rae said, and she could see from her mother’s dilated pupils that they were both feeling the same thing. It was not unlike the afterglow of sex, it was that very kind of singular gratification; pure, undiluted pleasure. But it emanated from some deep, fathomless, inner core.
“We need to show this to someone who knows about angels and demons and such,” Betsy told Rae. “Go get dressed, darlin’, I know just the lady we should talk to. Her name is Carmela, she’s retired here in Sun City just like me. She’s from Mexico, a real pretty town called San Miguel de Allende, but she taught at the university in Guanajuato. She was a professor of religion and the occult, she’ll be at the Silver Center this evening, and we’ll meet her for drinks.”
*
Carmela Ruiz took one look at the contents of the leather pouch and led Rae and Betsy to an empty table in a corner. Dozens of Sun City retirees were gathered in the community room of the Silver Center for the weekly potluck supper, and the room was a hive of activity.
“We should leave,” Carmela said quietly, in heavily accented English. “Dios mia; this is something I’ve seen only one time before in my life! The first year that I was teaching at the Universidad de Guanajuato a little girl was brought to the paranormal research center. They found her standing beside her mother’s dead body holding a feather like this one. Her mother had been stabbed to death, and the murderer tried to cut the little girl’s throat, but his knife left only a thin mark on her skin. When she was brought to us for observation, she would only say that the feather was from her ‘voluntario’, her volunteer. She said it was a beautiful man with the ocean in his eyes who saved her. We asked if he was her guardian angel, or a celestial messenger. She said yes, he was her very own voluntario from another realm. The child was very young, only seven years old, and from a poor village, she didn’t even understand what the word ‘realm’ meant. Let’s go to my house, I have questions to ask you, Reagan, and maybe I can give some of my knowledge to you.”
Carmela’s house was much like Betsy’s; they were beautiful, expensive, tract homes in a desirable retirement community near San Antonio. Her decorating was far different, however. She had beautifully framed paintings, mostly pastels and watercolors, of the people of Latin America. There were portraits of old women with wizened faces, and cherubic babies, and toddlers sitting bare bottomed in the dirt. She lit dozens of candles clustered before makeshift altars holding statues of the Virgin Mary and gaily dressed skeletons representing Dia de los Muertos, the Day of the Dead.
“I remember these spooky skeletons from when I was a kid,” Rae said. “They always kind of creeped me out with their grinning skulls and fancy clothes and hats.”
“There is nothing spooky about them; the Day of the Dead is celebrated from October thirty-first until November second in Mexico. It is on those days that the spirits of departed loved ones visit their family members. It’s a celebration, a time when young and old gather and feast in remembrance of those who have passed on. In Mexican culture death is not feared, it is accepted as the natural progression of living, which it truly is. The Aztecs understood that when a baby draws its first breath, it begins its journey toward death. The Mexican people have known great hardship, and yet they are joyful for the lives they have been given. Their philosophy is to live alongside death, as we all should, since it will surely come for us someday. They do not want to die, yet they do not fear it, they choose to laugh in death’s face instead. There are sayings that are used such as, “La muerte es flaca y debil y no puede conmigo!” This loosely translates as, “Death is skinny and weak, and can’t carry me.” In Mexico, death is not desired, but it is celebrated because the people know that it is always among them. On the last day of the celebration of Dios de la Muertos, family members carry skulls with the name of the departed carved on them in a procession to the cemetery. Children fill their arms with bouquets of marigolds, and music is played so that everyone dances to honor the spirits.” Carmela poured tall goblets of sangria from a pitcher and placed slices of lime and mango in each glass. Then the three women sat down at her breakfast table as she looked over the feather and the writing on the paper with a magnifying glass. 
“This voluntario must be very ancient from the size and luster of his feather. The handwriting was made using ink from crushed berries, I would guess, and the writing instrument must have been a feather quill. You say your lover gave this to you when you were going away from him to face danger?” she asked, as she laid the feather on the table and leaned back in her chair, sipping her wine.
“Well he’s not my lover… yet,” Rae said and blushed.
“Oh darlin’ why not?” her mother asked. “Get busy, I need some grandbabies, and you need some good lovin’, we both know that!”
“Mama, slow down on the sangria, please. Besides, I intend to consummate my relationship with Fletcher, the sexiest, most gloriously handsome, nonspeaking man on earth, as soon as possible,” Rae said and took a giant gulp of wine.
“Damn! I’m gonna be a Grammie in no time flat,” Betsy said with a smile she couldn’t wipe off her face.
“Reagan, these quotes written here,” Carmela said, tapping the piece of paper, “one is from the bible, its nature is spiritual; the other is Shakespeare, a not so common human being. This is how the world is; a great mixing vat of spiritual and mortal. We live in an age where the spiritual is far removed from everyday life, mankind no longer believes in miracles. So, men and women have turned their faces away from the truth that swirls all around them at every moment. In sacred texts, the Christian bible included, there are angels and demons, and holy spirits and evil spirits. The question is, why did they suddenly cease to exist? I tell you they did not, science has replaced anything that cannot be measured and quantified, but science is for measuring only. Science is very young in the great scheme of things, invented by man to alleviate his fears of being such a small speck in the vast labyrinth of existence. These writings are the whole truth of the world, and also of what we think of as the celestial. We see through eyes tainted by too much need for solid proof, thus, we see through a glass darkly. There are more things in heaven and earth than you can imagine, it is an absolute certainty, Reagan, don’t ever doubt that,” Carmela said, and she was beginning to look a bit tired, and maybe a little drunk.
“Carmela, Mama, and I had better call it a night,” Rae said, carefully putting the feather and the note away. “I would like to know if you think folktales and legends about giant birds have any truth to them.”
“Ah, La Lechuza, you mean? Yes, there is truth there, the stories of the chupacabra are silly and untrue, but the Lechuza is real. Women throughout history have sold their bodies to men for money, this we know and believe. And yet other women sell their souls into darkness to gain nefarious power. Also, you are living where Native Americans once lived, and loved, and died, their legends also hold truth. The ‘skin-walkers’ were their greatest earthly fear. Vile creatures who in human form practice the ‘Witchery Way’ and through the act of murder, amass great power. They are purely evil and they might be male or female, they transform at will into animal form, animals common to a specific region, to stalk their prey. Let me give you something before you go,” she opened a beautifully decorated box covered in decoupage images of saints and angels, and removed a small green glass jar. “Take this with you; it is sea salt that has been blessed. Sprinkle it lightly around the doors to your house, or simply keep a small bowl beside your bed at night. Salt has certain properties that are protective, think good thoughts Mary-Reagan; they’re more powerful than you know.”
Betsy drove Rae to the airport the next morning and she was sad to see her go, but she had a cruise to prepare for. She hugged her daughter and kissed her, then held her at arm’s length and studied Rae’s beautiful face. 
“Listen, baby girl, you go have a wonderful Christmas and New Year’s with your dream lover, and I’ll see you in the spring. Maybe I’ll meet some mouthwatering man on this cruise, you never know. Anyway, I’m not leaving until next week, so call if the two of you decide to get hitched, or if you want me to stop by on my way to Florida and meet him. I’m flying to Ft. Lauderdale to get on the ship, surely North Carolina isn’t too far out of the way, well, I love you darlin’. Find your happiness, and don’t let anything stand in your way.”
END


Thank you for reading
Series Continues with Temptation Road 2

Connect With Me!
www.KimballLee.com – signup for my newsletter here!
www.facebook.com/KimballLeeAuthor - come hang with me here…
