
Shattered Dreams
Luna's Children Book 1

Published by Melissa Kay Clarke at Smashwords
Copyright © 2013 by Melissa Kay Clarke - All Rights Reserved
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places,
events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination
or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons,
living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.



Dedication

To my family.  I couldn't have done it without
your love and support.  Thank you for believing
in me when I had no belief of my own.
Special thanks to my beta readers for the suggestions,
comments and holding my hand while
I wrote, rewrote and rewrote again.
You know who you are!
Luna's Children Series
Shattered Dreams
Broken Melody
Lorestone: The Strength Within
Sapphire Lake (Short Story - coming soon)

Table of Contents
Preface
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Epilogue

Preface

In the time when time began, Father Sol brought forth two children, Terra and Luna.  It was obvious that Sol favored Terra over her gentler sister and indulged her shamelessly by granting her every desire.  Soon she was adorned in beautiful blue and green gowns, her head wreathed in lovely soft white.  He gave her jewels of rainbows, and many living things to love and occupy her time.  Luna said nothing, choosing to watch in silent suffering.
As is normal when a child is over indulged, Terra cared little for all Father Sol granted to her.  She became vain, choosing to ignore the creatures put into her care.  Sol was saddened to see her indifference and as parents often do with the spoiled, he took it upon himself to watch over them.  But, he could not spend all of his time worrying with his daughter's playthings and asked her younger sister to help him.  She readily agreed for in her watching of her sister, she loved them.
So, Luna took the things that were about in the darkness of Sol's absence into her care; the owls, foxes, coyotes, bats, and wolves along with other great and small creatures.  Wanting to draw closer to them, one evening she changed herself into a beautiful woman with silver eyes and bright moonbeams for hair.  Quietly, she slipped into the forest and took a walk with her new charges, asking them if there was anything that they would wish for themselves.  They clamored for her attention, shouting their desires to her.  All of them, that is, with the exception of the wolves who sat back and watched quietly.  
Luna moved among them and listened to their petitions.  To the owls, she granted night sight so they may see to hunt in the darkness.  To the foxes, she gave cunning.  The bats were given the ability to see without seeing and so on through all the creatures.  One by one they took their gifts and ran away until only the wolves remained.  As she was about to leave and return to the sky above, she saw the wolves sitting by quietly.  “Is there nothing I may give to you?” she asked softly.
The oldest of the wolves shook his head.  “You have given your attention so that we may not be forgotten.  Instead of a gift to us, we wish to bless you with one of our own.”  As one, they lifted their heads and sang a song of their appreciation to her.
Luna was so moved by their selflessness, she caressed each of the six (four males and two females), her tears shining brightly in her beautiful eyes until they fell and swarmed about becoming fireflies.  “Oh my sweet wolves, thank you for your song.  I am touched by your thoughtful, unselfish gift.  In return, I will grant not just one but to each of you a single wish.  Please tell me your heart's desire.”  
The oldest brother went first.  “I would wish for strength so that I may look after my pack and protect them from those who would cause us harm.”  
“Granted,” she kissed him on his soft head.  “You shall be called Alpha and your strength will be great.  To help you with your task, there shall be another called Beta.  I will leave the task of appointing a beta from among your brothers to your wisdom.  Go forth and take charge of your pack.”  
The eldest nodded his great head and stepped back respectfully rejoining his siblings.
The second took a step forward.  “I wish for the ability to heal my brothers and sisters, so that they will know little pain.”  
Luna nodded.  “A wise choice and again one that will serve your people well.”  She kissed him on his head.  “You will have the knowledge to care for the well being of your kind.  Go forth and help your people.”  
The second stepped back with the others.
The next stepped forward.  “I wish for the ability to know when my family is feeling sorrow so that I may share their burden and pain.”  
Again, she kissed the wolf on his head and granted his wish.  “You will know what your siblings are feeling and share their burdens.  Go forth and console your pack.”  
The third stepped back and rejoined his family.
The fourth, a sister, stepped forward.  “I wish for the ability watch our kind, past and future so that I may see if something wishes our people harm.”  
Luna nodded, her heart touched by the selflessness of these beautiful creatures, each one's concern only for their people.  “Granted.  You will be able to see the lives of your people as they unfold, both past, present and future.  This ability will manifest as a waking dream in which you may see what they see.  Go forth and watch over your family,” and she kissed her head.
The fourth stepped back as the fifth stepped forward.  “I am afraid that our pack will be lonely.  I see the other creatures and how they struggle to find a suitable mate.  I wish that all our people may find a perfect mate, one for one, to cherish for all eternity.”  
“Another wise choice.”  She blessed his shaggy head with a kiss.  “From this moment on, the wolves shall have a perfect mate with whom to share his or her life.  You shall know your mate by eye contact, for that is the window into your soul.  So that all will know your joy at discovering your mate, a unique individual mark shall be produced – mirror images that fit perfectly together.  Go forth and find the one that completes you perfectly.”  
The wolves felt great joy for now they would be able to care for each other in all ways.  Luna looked upon them with love in her heart for they were truly noble beasts to care so much for each other.  Then her eyes fell upon the least of them, a smallest sister.  “What about you, little one.  What would be your wish?”
The others quietened instantly and looked upon her.  She took a breath and stepped forward.  “Oh great Luna, you have given so much to us, I have no other desire but to see my fellow wolves prosper and to never forget the love that you have shown us.  I wish to always be mindful of the great generosity of you and that our voices be forever raised in gratitude to you.”  
Luna was taken aback by the gentle request of the least of them.  Slowly she nodded her head.  “So shall it be, I will grant your wish, little sister.  You shall lift your voice in song.  But, I will also bind your people together with it.  The melody you have given to me this night shall become one with the life force of the wolves.”  She hummed a bit of the haunting melody they had given to her earlier.  Taking the song, she twisted it into their heartbeats and souls, binding them to each other.  Then she took their bound songs and melded it with her own.  When she had finished, she stepped back and looked at them, the soft song of their lives in perfect harmony to her own.  “It is done.  You are now bound to each other for all eternity and to me as well.  You will seek out each other, forming close knit packs, for your melody will demand it and sing your song while I watch over you from above.  Together, you will be strong and build a good life for yourselves and your offspring for all eternity.”  She gently caressed them and smiled.  “Because you have been so selfless in your requests, I grant you one more gift.  In honor of the nobility of your race and the binding of your lives with mine, you shall be able to shift between your natural form to mine – from animal to human and back again at will.”  
As the night finished its time upon Terra's form, Luna left to return to her home in the stars.  Just as she was fading from view, she whispered one more promise to her most favored of charges.
“From this moment on, you will be known as my children.”  

The Gifts of Luna
as taken from The Archives


CHAPTER 1

The stone felt smooth in her hand, round and surprisingly heavy for its size.  Carson ran one thumb over it, her mind only barely registering the soft lap of tiny waves on the gritty shore.  Quickly, she pulled her arm back and let the stone fly, the smack of the granite piece as it skipped across the surface the only sound disturbing the quiet.  As the last skip took the rock to the murky depths, she sighed and wiping her hands on her jean clad knees, stood upright again and let her senses take in every detail of the post card scene before her.  
The silvery disk of an almost full moon sat low in the valley of the hills behind the lake.  The strands of light reflected off the surface causing the mist to glow in an other-worldly manner.  Kissing the shoreline on the right was a dense forest stretching its arms around and behind her to disappear into a small meadow on the left.  It was beautiful and serene and one of her most favorite places in the world.  Coming here was coming home.
Carson's sea green eyes scanned the tree line once and then again.  She knew he was out there - there was always someone out there keeping an eye on her.  But as usual, unless they wanted to be seen, they weren't.  "Get a grip, Carson," she mumbled to herself, "you should be used to it by now.  They've only been there most of your life."  With a shrug, she turned to the right and moved away from the lake and back into the forest proper.  As she crossed into the wood line, the forest went silent.  She barely even noticed anymore.
"Beautiful night, Princess."
The shadows melted and spat forth a figure, darker even than the night itself.  Even after all these years, she still startled when that happened.  Tall and handsome as were most of her people, he had a square jaw, straight almost equine nose and high cheekbones.  The short cropped hair, black as sin, refused to partake of the dance of moonbeams bathing the open shoreline.
"Micah," she murmured.  "Yes, it's really nice."
He smiled at her, a tight hidden thing that failed miserably to reach the twin pools of his eyes.  Carson knew that had the lighting been different, she would see deep amber flecked with gold and emerald.  Micah had unusual eyes even by her people's standards.  
He leaned against the tree, crossing his arms over his thick chest, one ankle casually crossed over the other.  The black Enforcer uniform hugged his figure and created deeper pools on his body.  Her mind slipped back to a time when she used to stand at her window and watch them train in the dirt packed yard behind the compound.  She was brought back to the present by the deep timbre of his voice.  "Still trying to shake your guards? You know your father would kill all of us if anything happened to you."
She shrugged.  "My father thinks I am still a child.”  
He chuckled.  The deep boom flowed around her senses and she realized that the hot crush she had always had on him had cooled in the past few years.  Even though it had, he was still one delectable example of wolf flesh and every female between twelve and one hundred salivated whenever he walked by.  She reluctantly turned away from him.  Taking a moment to get her bearings, she honed in to the unmistakable lure of the compound and took off in a sprint.  After a few steps, with a small explosion of shredded clothing, she phased into her full wolf, loping unerringly towards home.
She ran, her nose taking in the scents that surrounded her: assorted animals, the decaying undergrowth under her paws, the fresh green of summer saplings as she ducked under them.  Home.  She was finally home.  Letting her animal lose of all restraints, she threw her head back and reveled in the freedom of the run.  Dimly she was aware of another behind her and grinned to herself.  Micah will have to do better than that if he wanted to keep up with her.  With a bound over a fallen log, she gave in and let herself run free.  Her muscles flexed, stretched and ate up the terrain.  Freedom like she hadn't felt in years rushed through her veins.  It was good to be back where she belonged again.  
HOME.
.-~*~-.
Chase crossed his long legs and leaned back making the old wooden chair creak.  Nervously, he stuffed his fingers into his jeans pockets.  On the surface, he looked the epitome of relaxed.  On the inside, however, he was tied in a thousand knots, his wolf pacing back and forth in the invisible cage of Chase's mind.  This feel of unease had seized him a couple of hours ago and refused to subside.  Something was coming.  Would it be good or bad? He didn't know, but something definitely was coming.  He glanced again at the book lying on the table, Nocturnal Animal Physiology, then turned his attention back to the door beyond the table.
His cabin was small, but adequate, with a common room containing a worn leather sofa and chair squatting before the river stone fireplace.  A knotted wool rug stretched over the plain hardwood floor underneath and no curtains on the windows.  On the other side of the room was a small kitchen complete with all the necessities including a table and two chairs.  A bedroom and small bathroom was through the only other door.  It had been terribly run down and still needed some work, but was livable.  In all, it was definitely a bachelor's pad and he liked it just this way.  No muss, no fuss.
Jumping up, he crossed the room again, long fingers raking through the deep auburn shoulder length hair then moved down to his chin, rubbing absently.  A portion of his mind registered the fact that he was well past due for a shave.  He shrugged it off.  He'll shave before meeting the rest of the pack in the morning.  Tonight, he was just too keyed to even handle a blade much less let one near his own flesh.  
Halfway across the floor he stopped.  His head shot up, nostrils flaring, drawing in deep pulls of the air.  Shaking his head he finished the current circuit in the small cabin and stopped before the window, throwing it open and leaning out, inhaling a great lungful of the still night air.  He detected owls in the tree across from him and squirrels nestled into a void in the tree cavity just below them.  To the east a pair of foxes was stalking a brace of rabbits burrowed into their hole under an old log.  To the west, a doe lead her fawn to the brook for a drink.  Nothing was out of place; everything was as it should be.  He frowned, causing lines to form in his brow over the creamy brown of his eyes.  If everything was perfect, then why was he so uptight?
The symphony of frogs and insects stilled instantly.  It was as if a switch had been thrown, effectively turning the forest from a living breathing entity to a photograph of muted greys, blacks and silvers.  Something definitely was out of sorts.  He hesitated a moment then growling, shrugged out of his jeans, slid out of the window and shifted before his feet hit the worn planks.  Resisting the urge to shake his supple body, he instead took a few steps, leaping off the porch and melted into the inky blackness of the surrounding trees.  His father had always taught him that it was better to think than to act, so instead of hunting down the source of the uneasiness, he chose to wait and see.  Crouching into the blackness, he backed under a bush and settled down to see what had disrupted the woods.
Overhead, the just rising moon, mere days from total fullness, spilled pale light into the clearing.  His enhanced sight caught a subtle shifting of shadows just beyond where his black pickup truck sat parked.  Focusing on the spot, his muscles tensed in ready should danger manifest.  
He smelled her before he saw the dappled black and silver coat of a she-wolf step cautiously into the small clearing surrounding his cabin.  Pulling a deep breath, he detected earthy lilacs, warm honey and the sweet vanilla of the female and closed his eyes, registering her fragrance into his memory.  He had always been partial to the scent of lilacs and coupled with vanilla and honey, she smelled exactly what he would consider to be perfection.  He was just about to step out and go greet her – surely she was a part of his new pack, just one he hadn't met yet - when her head shot up and she turned looking behind her.  Then as quickly as she had appeared, she silently stepped back into the trees and disappeared.  Chase stood up, wondering idly who she was.  Just as he was about to leave the bush, he smelled the presence of another wolf.  A blur streaked through the clearing and disappeared, racing in the same direction the female had gone.  As soon as the two had left the area, the night burst forth into song again as if nothing had happened.  He waited a moment more, but nothing else moved in the night.  Shaking himself, he padded back to the door.  He quickly phased back into human form and placed a hand on the doorknob, turning it.  With a tired growl he let it go when he realized it was locked; a habit left over from his old pack living just outside Roanoke.  Closer to the city had its own lure – things like decent cell phone service (he had figured out quickly that his new phone was basically worthless here), iced lattes and designer jeans painted on beautiful women, but it had it's downfalls as well.  Closer to the city was closer to crime; not that a human could really hurt a wolf, but it was just better to not invite trouble.  Slipping through the still open window, he stopped and looked back into the woods, wondering again who the female was and why she was being chased.  There was something about her...  He shook his head and picked his faded jeans up off the floor and tugged them back on, fastening them.  He shrugged and closed the window behind him.  He looked at the book he had been reading and picked it up from the table.  Settling down in the chair, he tried to immerse himself in the text.  After reading the same page for the fourth time, he recognized it as a lost cause.  Standing up, he closed it and placed it back on the small built in bookshelf by the fireplace.  He was just too keyed up to read now – maybe he should go for a run and get to know the area a little more.  He nodded to himself and slipped out of the jeans again and made his way to the door.  Leaving it unlocked this time, he walked out onto the porch, shifted and gave into his wolf.  

CHAPTER 2

“Hey there Squirt!  About time you remembered how to get home.”  
Carson looked up from the table as a man walked into the room.  Tall, well over six feet, her brother Cayson had broad shoulders and tight abs.  His frame was full of muscles that bulged and strained with every movement, tapering down to a trim waist before becoming lost in the tight pants hugging his long beefy legs.  Letting the spoon fall back to her bowl, she pushed back, flinching as the wood made a high pitched squeak on the slate tile floor.
“Hey there Goliath.  Good to see you too,” she called out then stretched.  For the hundredth time she wondered why the males of her people were all muscle clad hunks while all the women were so petite and tiny.  She understood about metabolism and how it kept them all lean and trim, but at least she would hope for a little height.  At only five foot four and a half, she barely came to her brother's chest.  He was her twin? There was nothing that would give that away other than his eyes and hair being the exact same as hers – Deep vibrant green eyes topped by thick black glossy hair.  Even the little ringlet over her eye was exactly the same as his.  He had the chiseled square jaw of their father, and she the slightly oval of their mother's.  She inherited their father's too straight nose where his was slightly upturned just like Mother's.  They both possessed high angular cheekbones which looked regal on him but make her face seem harsh.  She sighed tossing her long tresses over her shoulder then quickly twisting it into a knot at the nape of her neck.  She looked at him, her eyebrows furrowing when she realized she couldn't detect anything from him – that was new since she had last seen him.  Seems he was finally learning that control he so desperately needed.
The smirk that had marred his features slowly melted and his beautiful face split into a huge grin.  Taking two steps, he stood beside her, reached down and grabbed her up in his arms, pulling her tightly in his strong embrace.  “Welcome home, Car,” he grinned.  “What are you doing up so early? Where's Mother?”
“Let me go,” she squeaked at him.  “You're crushing my ribs!”
He laughed.  “No, I'm not,” but he let her go anyway.  He mussed her hair and she growled, smacking him in the arm.  
“Mom left early to go into Rocky Bluff.  She said she'll be back after lunch.”  She sighed.  “You know I wouldn't normally be up so early except Poppa summoned me to his office.  Maybe now I'll find out why he called me back home before my training was finished.”  She grinned.  “I wish you could have seen Manna's face when I got the message to come home.  She was not happy.”  
She took a step back from the imposing tower of muscle and sinew that was her brother and leaned against the table.  One ankle casually crossed the other, both hands on the table behind her as she scrutinized him.  “You have gotten bigger, little brother,” she teased him.  “I didn't think it was possible, but you have actually gotten bigger.”  
He snorted and grabbed a huge serving bowl from the cupboard along with a large nylon spoon and sat at the table.  The chair under him groaned in protest then settled to a whimper as he dumped the rest of the box of cereal and almost a full gallon of milk into the bowl and dug in.  Carson watched him, shaking her head in disbelief as he shoveled mountains of it into his mouth and chewed.  Cayson had always been a big eater.  It had been a joke of their family that the reason he was so big and she so petite was because he had taken their entire mother's nourishment.  But she got the last laugh.  She was born first and therefore, making him the 'little brother' she often teased him with.  
“I may be the little brother,” he mumbled around a mouthful of cereal, “but I can still beat you and you know it.”  
She huffed when she realized she hadn't spoken out loud.  Technically he couldn't read minds, but picking up on their emotions, he could usually figure out what they were thinking.  It still spooked her.  “You know I hate it when you do that,” she growled at him as she snatched up the remains of her own breakfast, dumping the bowl's contents in the trash and then washing it.  
He shrugged.  “Not my fault.  I never asked to be an empath.  I can think of a lot of things I would rather do with my life than to feel every emotion from everyone all the time.”  
The hurt in his voice stabbed at her heart.  Throwing the dish towel on the counter she went back to him and wrapped her arms around his thick neck, leaned in and kissed his head.  “I know,” she whispered, then closed her eyes laying her head on his.  He had stopped eating and pushed the mostly full bowl back away from him.  They remained motionless, both of them thinking the same thing.  Fate was a fickle bitch and she was no doubt chortling at the fiasco that she had made of their lives.
.-~*~-.
3 Years earlier
“Come on little brother! I'll race you down to the clearing.”  Carson had thrown the challenge out over her shoulder even as she was already running.  There was a growl and then the heavy thump of footfalls as he took off after her.  She loved the chase – always had and this one was no different from any others.  Cayson may be bigger and stronger, but she was faster and even without a head-start, she usually won.  
Drawing a great lungful of the twilight air into her body, she ran as if the hounds of hell were in hot pursuit instead of her brother.  Bare feet making no sound on the soft earth under her, she gasped as a heavy hand landed on her shoulder and they went down in a tangle of arms and legs, rolling head over heels.  They skidded to a stop at the pile of wood that would later become a massive bonfire.  Disentangling herself from him she sat up, still laughing, and threw her arms around his neck hugging him tightly.  “You're still second best,” she teased him.  
“And you're still a brat,” he retorted but a huge smile lit his face.
“If you two are through acting like a couple of pups, I need some help here.”  
They looked up and started giggling as their mother stood over them, one fine blond eyebrow arched in disappointment at her only children.  
“Sorry Mother.  As always, Cayson was the first to bow to her will.  He was firmly a momma's boy, whereas, she could wrap their father, the alpha of their pack, around her little finger whenever she wished.  The two of them together were deadly.
“Mmmhm,” Mother shot them one more withering glance then turned to bark orders to the men moving huge tables into the clearing and setting up chairs.  “Marcel, make sure the tables are far enough away so people don't get a face full of smoke but close enough that they can see.  David, get some more torches.  I want there to be plenty around the food tables.  No! Ashley, the sound system needs to go on the left side...  no your OTHER left.  I swear, where is your brain?”
The twin terrors, as Cayson and Carson Hennison were known to the rest of the pack, slowly started to creep back away from the hustle and bustle only to be stopped a few short feet from the wood line.  “Where do you two think you are going? May I remind you that this is all for your birthday?”  She glared at them daring them to move.  Looking at each other, they burst into another gale of laughter.  Mother opened her mouth to reprimand them again when her attention was pulled to away by another question.  In the moment it took her to turn her face away from them, they disappeared.
“You two better be back here, washed and dressed, including shoes, in an hour!” she called out to them.
Mother was in her element and any event at Sapphire Lake would never fail to be a work of art.  Her parties were legendary, but so was her temper, especially when it came to her children.  So an hour later, they presented themselves, freshly scrubbed, and ready to receive their guests.
The evening was perfect, as was expected.  The night sky was partially cloudy with a bit of wind, but not even nature herself would dare spoil a Miriah Hennison event by raining.  The revelers danced, ate and cavorted around the massive bonfire in celebration.  Watchful adults kept keen eyes for teens who tried to sneak off into the forest for a little alone time.  Even though the full moon hid shyly behind the puffy clouds overhead, every person there could feel its sultry pull.  The mountain of food was finished, presents given and the smaller children put to bed, giving the night over to more mature members.  
The soft crack and pop of embers couldn't pull Cayson's attention away from the smoky violet eyes of Amanda.  She was just so beautiful with her long blonde hair, long eyelashes and soft pouty lips.  He may only be sixteen, but already he knew that she was his life mate – they were just waiting on the telltale mark to appear to confirm it.  “I love you Amanda,” he whispered against her ear as they moved together to the sounds of some soulful blues tune crying across the clearing.  Nuzzling against her cheek, he heard her say “I love you too Cayson,” and his heart felt like it was going to burst.  
“Happy birthday, Carson and Cayson!”
Cayson looked up and grinned at the well wishes.  “Thanks,” he shouted then turned his eyes back to Amanda, thinking maybe they could go for a midnight swim at the lake.  He thought she would like that.
The clouds parted at that exact instant and a single beam of pale moonlight stabbed the area bathing them all in its eerie light.  At once, a scream that would make a mosh pit flinch erupted in Cayson's mind, tearing into his psyche until he dropped to his knees and threw his hands over his ears.  Opening his mouth he tried to force the pain/sorrow/fear/joy out of his brain but it dug in with long talons and held on with a death grip.  He was dimly aware of a tingle electrifying every nerve of his body as if he was about to shift, but skin and hands were not replaced with fur and paws.  He only had a moment to question it before another burst of agony lanced through his skull and then everything went blissfully black.
From the other side of the bonfire, Carson had glanced over just in time to see her brother scream and drop to his knees before falling prone to the ground.  Amanda lay writhing beside him, her eyes open wide but seeing nothing.  All around them, friends and family gasped and screamed, running towards them.  She hesitated just a moment then yelled for her parents as she flew over the dying fire and dropped next to her fallen twin.  Touching his arm gently she whispered, “Cay?”
Something happened.  One moment she was kneeling next to him and the next she was bombarded by images in her mind.  They flew by too fast to make any sense of, just a glimpse here and there.  She would almost understand one as it flashed on the screen of her mind, but then disappear to be replaced by another.  Along with the pictures, she felt a mixture of emotions washed in color.  There was pain, hot and white as the center of the bonfire.  Intermingled with it was the black oily dread of fear, deep velvet red of love, green jealousy, orange hate and joyful blue.  She thought for a moment how strange it was that emotions had color.  The images flew faster and faster until they became a blur of rainbow nausea.  Eyes rolling back in her head, she groaned and collapsed to join her brother on the cool ground.
It was two days later before Carson awoke to the soft sounds of someone talking.  Blinking her eyes against the harsh light abrading her sight, she turned her head towards the soft words and blinked a few more times.  Her vision slowly cleared and could discern the smiling craggy face of Molly.  The pack's healer was standing over her as she leaned heavily on a hardwood cane.  To say Molly was old would be an understatement, but she was also very wise and knew more than most half her age.  Her hazel eyes held a world of knowledge and remained clear and sharp.
“There you are,” she grinned showing all six of her teeth and too much gums.  Reaching out she patted Carson's arm gently and slowly lowered herself into the chair.
“Wh...  where's Cay...?” Carson wrinkled her brow again trying to get her mouth to work.
“Cayson is already home and Amanda is right there beside you,” she pointed to the next bed.  “I'm hoping she will come around soon, but I really don't have any idea when she will.”  
“What...,” Carson swallowed as her voice cracked.
“Happened?” finished Molly.  “Well it seems you two came into your gifts rather unexpectedly at the party.  As you know, many of our people receive their gifts during a full moon.  But to receive them when you are both so young...,” She shook her head and looked behind Carson at the still form of Amanda.  “She was caught in the backlash of Cayson's empathy.  “Her old face turned sad a moment.  “She hasn't shown any signs of awakening.”  
Carson blinked her eyes a few times finding it didn't take quite as much energy as before.  “Empathy?”  She croaked then swallowed.  “Cay's an empath?”
Molly nodded.  “And what about you? What happened to you?”
Slowly, the girl recounted what she could remember.  The dance, the moon, then that scream, jumping the fire and touching her brother's arm.  She found it hard to explain exactly what she saw and felt – colors and emotions, pictures that flew by too quick to understand.  Molly listened then nodded and moved a bit closer.  Setting one old gnarled hand on the covers next to Carson she leaned in making sure she had the girl's attention.  “Place your hand on mine and close your eyes.  Think about my hand, how it feels under yours.  Follow the flow of my energy, open your mind and tell me what you see.”  
Carson would have laughed had the look on Molly's wizened face not looked so serious.  Instead, she merely nodded and placed her hand on the healer's and closed her eyes concentrating.  At first she felt silly, but then she saw a flow in her mind, like a river made up of pictures.  Concentrating on one of them, the fuzzy image expanded.  She looked around and noticed she was standing in the middle of the common area of their compound with a group of people but none that she could recognize.  She was confused for a moment – who were these people and why were they in their village? There was a commotion and she turned her head to see a vaguely familiar man walk out onto the porch of a small cabin.  “They're gone,” he stated.  “Good riddance!” and walked down the steps.  Slowly the group disbursed.  
Carson gasped as she was forcefully thrown from the image and found herself sitting up in the bed.  She felt bone tired and the hand lying casually on Molly's was shaking uncontrollably.  Molly was watching her intently.  
“What did you see?”
Laying back, she explained as best she could what she had experienced.  “I was standing in the commons and people were watching a man come out of a house.  He said something about being gone and then I was back here.”  
Molly smiled.  “I thought as much.”  She pulled her hand out and fixed the covers.  “You, my dear, are a dreamer.”  
She was a dreamer? Of all the gifts that sometimes were granted to Luna's Children, being a dreamer was considered to be one of the strongest.  The ability to see bits and pieces of someone's life is a wonderful asset for a pack and its alpha.  Molly gently laid her hand on Carson's  arm and gave her a smile.  “You get some sleep now.  “
“I just woke up,” even she could hear how shaky her voice was.  
“And you need to go back to sleep.  I'll take care of letting the Elder Dreamer know about this.  But for now, sleep.”  She placed one hand on Carson's forehead.  
Sleep stole across her consciousness and she surrendered to it.  The next time she  awoke, Amanda was no longer in the next bed and she had a new visitor.  Elder Dreamer Manna had come to collect her.  Barely able to take time for farewells to her family, she was bundled off to the dreamer's compound in upstate New York to learn how to use her new gift. 
CHAPTER 3

“No!”
The word tasted bitter and ashy in her mouth.  “Stop, stop,” she whispered the word again and again then taking a deep breath, screamed it.  “STOP!” She slammed her fist on the desk.  Her eyes were wide with shock and her hands curled and uncurled in fists as she stared at her father.
Jeff halted in mid-sentence and stared at his daughter as his eyes hardened.  He stood slowly from his chair behind the desk.  Anger, thick and palpable made the air feel heavy and she felt icy tendrils of dread race up her spine.  “What did you say?”  His words were low and even.  
Carson shoved her fingers into her hair and raked the tight knot free from her neck.  Shaking her head, the curtain of black cascaded over her shoulders.  Furiously, she began to pace back and forth.  “I can't believe you are serious.  In this day and age, you are serious?”
Slowly, a frown marred the sculpted perfect features of the alpha.  Taking a seat again behind the desk, he leaned forward and pointed at the chair across the way.  “Sit,” he commanded then waited somewhat patiently for her to obey.  Carson stopped her pacing and glared at her father.  “SIT!” he commanded her and she growled.  He was her father and her alpha but she fought against the compulsion that demanded her obedience.  He pushed his will until it became a tangible living entity and slither around her mind and pressed against her until she gave in and practically fell back to the chair.  He continued to glare at her and satisfied with her compliance, released his will and sat back.
“In answer to your question, yes I am serious.  Carson, I know you aren't quite twenty and still so very young for all this.”  He pinched the back of his neck a moment, his eyes closed as he worked his way through this.  “The council...  Honey, they say that Cayson can't assume beta or alpha.  His...,” he hesitated a moment and a brief of pain crossed his features, “...  abilities have been deemed unsuitable to assume leadership.  He can't be beta and neither can you.  I know without a doubt that either of you would make excellent leaders, but we operate under the laws of the council.  We have no other family and they are demanding a beta...  They have to ensure that our people survive even if it means elsewhere.”  He took a deep breath and looked at her.  His eyes filled with pain, caught hers and held them hostage.  “They are threatening to either remove me as alpha in favor of some outsider family or more likely to split us between the two smallest packs, Moon Lake and Mystic Mountain.”  
“Split? Our pack is the oldest on this continent.  How can they just arbitrarily make a decision like that”? Carson stood again and began to pace back and forth, her agitation clearly evident on her face.  “Poppa, they can't do that.  Those two packs are on opposite sides of the country.  They will be splitting family and friends.  It will destroy our people.  You can't allow that to happen!”
He hissed at her.  “I know this Carson! Why do you think I called you back from your training?”
“But,” she licked her lips and leaned over the edge of the desk.  “I'm your daughter.  Doesn't my happiness mean anything at all?”
He lowered his head into his hand and scrubbed the stubble of his jaw.  “Your happiness means everything to me, Baby Girl.  But happiness has to take a backseat to survival.  We are pack rulers, happiness doesn't always get a say-so in our lives.  We have to do what we must to ensure the health and happiness of the entire pack.  We can't be selfish...”  
“Me wanting to be with the one that was created for me is being selfish? Honestly you can sit there and...  and...  sell me for the sake of the pack?” She threw her hands into the air.  
“Carson, listen to me.  You haven't found your life mate yet and are over the age of eighteen.  Our laws say...”  
“Damn the laws, Father! I won't be thrown to a pack of testosterone laden slobbering males with mating the only thing on their minds.  I've read the archives about mate runs.  They are cruel, barbaric rituals that force a wolf to submit to the strongest male.  It's all instinct.  What about love? What about tenderness? Don't you even care what you are doing to me?”
He snarled and stood up, throwing the chair behind him.  She winced thinking perhaps she had pushed him too far but stood her ground.  Stalking around the table, he grabbed her arms in his hands.  “Of course I care.  Do you think that I want this? Do you think I happily accept you being mauled by some random brute? You are my daughter, Carson.  You are my flesh and blood.  Nothing would make me happier than to see you settle down with a good wolf who would treat you as the precious princess you are.”  He let her go and resumed pacing.  “The council is getting very anxious for a beta for our pack.  I've stalled as long as I can, but I can not do it any longer.”  
“Why me? Why a mate run? Why can't they give me more time? I know my life mate is out there somewhere.  I've seen him,” she stated.
Jeff whirled around.  “You've seen your life mate? Who is it? Where? Why haven't you told me? Do you bear his mark?”  He made a step toward her.  “Thank Luna!  Show me the mark.”  
Carson took a step back in alarm.  Crossing her arms over her chest in a protective stance she shook her head.  “No,Poppa, I don't know him.  I've not actually seen him, but I've dreamed about him.  Well not all of him, just his eyes, but I haven't met him yet.  I know he's out there.  I know it with everything I am.  Please don't make me do this.  There hasn't been a mate run since I don’t know when.  It's an old archaic tradition.”  
Jeff let his hand fall and righted his chair, falling into it again in misery.  His eyes lost the hope that he had for a moment and shook his head before lowering it again into his hands.   Carson felt such despair coming from him she lost her own anger and took a step around his desk, sinking to her knees like she used to when she was a child.  Reaching her hand out, she placed it on his knee and laid her head on top, closing her eyes.  Without thinking she let down the shield that protected her from dreaming and was slammed with a vision of standing on a platform, addressing a multitude of wolves, many that she did not know.  She saw herself walk into the light of the fire and stop.  She watched through his eyes as she raised her face towards the sky and tears fell down her face.  It was the mate run and she was totally helpless to stop it.  Breaking the stream, she threw herself out of the dream.  She gasped and fell back to the floor, one hand going behind her to keep herself from falling all the way the one that had touched her father's leg scrubbed against her thigh.  Blinking she looked up at her father, the man who had been her rock for her entire life and saw for a moment just how badly this affected him.  He didn't want to do this but he felt he had no choice.  She could see it clearly in his face and she felt her heart break for the difficult position he was forced into; that the council was forcing him to do to his own child.  Quickly, she slammed the wall down to protect herself from the unwanted vision.  However, it was already burned into the back of her eyes.  Rocking back onto her knees, she reached a hand over and pulled one of his from his hair and looked up at him.  Chewing her bottom lip, she tried a different approach.  “Poppa, I know this isn't easy for you.  I know that you are trying to do what is best for the pack, but a mate run? Can't you go to the council and tell them I have a true mate and just need a little time to find him.  Can't you make them see that forcing a mate on me by imprinting is not right? The mate run is an old custom, from a time when packs couldn't afford to wait for nature to take its course.  Please Poppa, please don't do this to me.  Don't do this to my mate.  You know that forcing an imprint will not only rob us both of happiness, it will sever the tie between us.  We will both be empty, half wolves for the remainder of our lives.”  
Jeff took a shuddering breath and looked down into the bottomless green pools of his only daughter's eyes and squeezed her hand.  “They won't give me any more time.  This decision was made a long time ago.  They made this ultimatum following your sixteenth birthday, when you and your brother's abilities were disclosed.  I have already let you have all the time you can have.  I kept hoping that you would find your life mate and this wouldn't be necessary...  I'm sorry, Baby, there's nothing I can do.”  
“What about Cayson? He’s your son, maybe his child...,” she began
“They won't accept that.  They are afraid of his gift being passed down to his children.  Under no circumstances will they accept an empath as an alpha.  They see his abilities as being too weak to defend the pack.  Can you ever see Cay ripping the throat out of a traitor? Can you see him ever banishing someone? Can you sit here and tell me you believe for one moment that your brother is capable of doing that?”  He jumped up and began to pace back and forth again.  “Carson there’s things that are going on.  It's just.”  He stopped and threw his hands on the desk, splaying his long fingers over the smooth grain.  “It's not just our immediate pack that is in danger.  Our whole species is in trouble.  We have to be diligent now more than ever before.  There are less and less pups born every year, and the ones that are born are non-gifted.  Our histories show us that as little as 200 years ago, our kind almost numbered as great as humans, with most of them being gifted.  Our people are dying out and we have to put love aside and do what is right for our species.”  
She spoke again, softly this time hoping he would see reason.  “But Poppa, imprinting? It's not...”  
“Enough! “ He slammed his fist on the desk sending Carson crab crawling backward in fright and the lamp crashing to the floor.  Gathering herself together, she stood up and wiped her sweaty palms on the front of her jeans, not taking her eyes off the man leaning against the desk.  Without turning his head, he exerted his will towards her.  The wolf in her felt it and she found her head bowing in submission.  “You will participate in a mate run in three days on the night of your nineteenth birthday under the light of the full moon.  You can go wherever you want as long as you don't leave the compound.  That includes runs in the woods and to the lake.  I can't take a chance that one of the males tries to imprint you before the run.  It is my command and you WILL OBEY!”
She kept her head bowed and scrambled out of the door as quickly as her legs would let her, her wolf whimpering softly.  However, her acute hearing picked his last three words whispered softly.  
“I'm sorry, Baby”
.-~*~-.
Chase stood in front of the long log porch leading up to the healer's building and took a deep breath, letting it out slowly.  One hand unconsciously raked through the unruly hair on  of his head before dropping to his side to hang uneasily.  “Well, here we go - new life, new pack.”  He murmured then reached down to pick up the satchel leaning against his leg.  Squaring his shoulders, he climbed the steps and pushed through the door.
The woman that looked up from the table wasn't just old, she was ancient.  Adult werewolves aged approximately a third a year for every human one and she looked to be in her eighties easily.  Fixing a smile on his face his long legs ate up the distance until he was standing at the table.  “Healer Molly?” He nodded to her.
“Dr.  Blackston? Good to see you and welcome to Sapphire Lake.  “She held out her hand and he took it gently in his, not sure if he should kiss the ridge of knuckles barely covered in thin skin or shake it.  Instead, he opted to just give it a tiny squeeze.  What he got in return was a firm squeeze of her own followed by a chuckle.  “I may be old but I'm still tough.”  She slipped her hand free and motioned to the chair.  “Have a seat.”  
Chase sat in the chair and placed his satchel on the floor at his feet.  He looked up to see the old Healer's eyes watching him and he had the silly thought that she was sizing him up for something.  Finding the answer she was searching for, she leaned forward.  “I'm sure you have done your research concerning our pack so I won't bore you with our history.  However, you are the first healer to be placed here by council, ever.  As you know, healing is one of the few gifts that is actively passed down within a specific family.  Unfortunately, my family line has only ever produced a single child from mating and my own pup was stillborn.  I will be the last of my family to hold the healer position here.”  Her eyes momentarily clouded but she shook it off.  “This left our pack in a bit of trouble.  Fortunately, your pack had three healers – yourself and your older sister, along with your father so here you are.  We are grateful you have agreed to come here and take my place.  I've got your resume, but I rather hear it from you.  Tell me a bit about yourself.”  
He smiled and relaxed.  “My sister, Emma, exhibited healing powers when she was still a child and my father began her training early.  I adored her, she is only a few years older, so where she went I tagged along.  Everything she did, I copied.  By the time my own gift manifested in my teens, I had a good understanding of pack healing and she was practicing alongside our father.  Since we already had two trained healers and I  knew about as much as I could about our talents, I was permitted to attend college and later, medical school.”  He spread his hands.  “So here I am, one too many healers for Roanoke Pack complete with a human Doctorate.”  
She leaned back and studied him, “I think you are indeed exactly what we need.  I can't keep on forever.”  
“I'm honored by your words and I'm sure I can never take your place, Healer.”  He smiled at her in that charming manner that females found to be irresistible.  
She cackled.  “Save the charisma for the pups, you're going to need it.”  She picked up a hardwood cane resting against the table, stood and motioned for him.  “Come, let's get you settled,” then turned to walk towards the back.  They made their way past the rows of neatly made beds complete with white pristine covers and plump pillows sandwiched between curtain dividers.  Stopping at a door set in the back wall, she turned the knob, pushed the door open and flipped on a light stepping back.  “This is your office.”  
Chase stepped in and looked around.  It was small – smaller than his dorm room on campus, but it was clean although a bit cluttered.  An old desk dominated the center of the room, complete with the required roller chair, ink blotter calendar and telephone.  A floor to ceiling bookcase was secured to the far wall and was loaded down with papers, small jars full of herbs and a smattering of old books.  “I’ll get one of the pups to clean them shelves off,” she muttered.  “I never really used this as an office myself.  I like being in the open not shut up in a little room.”  She shuddered.  Wolves, like most wild creatures craved the wide open spaces with room to move.  Molly used her cane and pointed to a tall stack of papers on the floor in the corner.  “That's the records of our pack members; births, deaths, injuries all the way back to when I took over from my mother long ago.  Up on the top shelf in them boxes are more records that go back hundreds of years.  I kept saying I was going to get me one of them filing cabinets and put things nice and neat but I never seemed to find the time.”  
He chuckled.  “Perhaps it's time to get them digitized and into a computer.”  
The cackle was back and he couldn't help but find the sound to be warm and comforting.  “Oh they tried to make me use one of them computer things back about five years ago.  I never could figure out how to turn the damned thing on.  After the third time it 'accidentally' fell off my desk, they decided that maybe it was better to not put me and technology in the same room.”  She grinned up at him with a wink.
Chase couldn't help himself.  Her laugh was contagious and he joined in with her.  He liked this little slip of a woman.  “I look forward to working with you,” he grinned at her and took a step towards the desk.  Molly nodded, “So am I, Dr.  Blackston.”  
“Please, call me Chase.”  
“Chase it is then.  Our alpha, who I know you met already, said to tell you to let him know if you needed anything at all.  If I was you, I'd take advantage of that while you can.  It's always easier to request things when you are new than to beg for them after they are used to you.”  She grinned at him again.  
He nodded.  “Noted.  Is there anything that you think I need?” He looked at her slyly, giving her an opportunity to add to his wish list.
Just then the door to the hall opened and he heard a girl's voice calling out.  “Molly!! I need to talk to you.”  
He started towards the door of his office but she put her hand on his arm.  “I got this one, you get comfortable.”  He wrinkled his brow when the scent of lilacs and vanilla wafted to his nose.  Immediately, his wolf, who had been quietly slumbering, woke and sat up taking notice.  He shook it off.  Silly beast.  
Molly hobbled out of the room and closed the door behind her.  Chase sat down at the desk and placed his satchel on it.  What to do first? Looking around he took out a piece of paper and a pencil and began to make that list.  At the top he jotted down 'computer and software'.
Molly left the office and made her way back to the front of the healer's hall.  Carson stood just inside the doorway, tears streaming down her face and her breathing ragged as if she'd been crying and running.  When she saw Molly, she ran over and hugged her tightly, wrapping her arms around the old woman and sobbed into her shoulder.  Molly patted the girl that was like a granddaughter to her.  “Calm down, child.  What has you in such a dither?”
Carson let her go and took a step back, wiping her tear-stained face with the back of her hand.  Molly leaned on her cane and watched while the girl took several breaths trying to calm herself.  
“Poppa said, he said“, she gulped a few times trying to get her thudding heart to slow down.  Gulping the air, she finally finished.  “Going to be...a mate run...  for me.”  Carson's bottom lip began to tremble again.  “I ...  it's not right.  I have a life mate, I just haven't met him yet.  Molly, you have to do something.  You have to talk some sense into him.”  
Molly's eyes filled with sorrow.  “I'm sorry Carson.  I can't do anything about it.  Your father has already talked with me about it.  He knows that I don't support it, and to be truthful, neither does he, but his hands are tied.”  She reached a hand out and touched the girl's stricken face.  “I wish I could...”  
Before she could finish, Carson stepped back and screamed at her, “Traitor! You, Father, Mother – all of you,” and turned fleeing out the door and down the steps.  Molly leaned heavily on her cane, feeling all of her years as a weight on her shoulders and watched the distraught girl run towards the woods.  She stopped dead in her tracks at the edge and struggled a moment as if she were fighting a deep seated need to run into the forest.  With a scream of frustration, she turned to the left and stomped out of sight.  Molly sighed wearily and closed the hall's doors.  She heard Sapphire Lake's new healer come up behind her.
“Is everything alright? I heard yelling.”  He stopped and took a deep breath.  The scent was stronger here - lilacs, honey and warm rich vanilla.  His wolf licked his chops almost salivating at the smell.  A memory tugged at his mind but was gone as fast as it surfaced.
“Yes, well, as alright as things can be under these circumstances.  That was Carson Hennison, daughter of our alpha and the pack’s dreamer.  She just found out she's being forced to do a mate run.  You do know what that is?”
He wrinkled his brow a moment.  “Unfortunately, yes.  I've read about it in the archives.  It’s a horrible mating custom.”  He shuddered.
She shook her head.  “It's nothing so gentile as a custom.  There was a time in our less civilized past, that once female wolves reached a certain age and had not found a life mate, they were subjected to the most horrendous of practices.  You have to understand, back then there were no Internets, no dating services.  We had no telephones or no vehicles even.  The survival of a pack depended on offspring and most pack members could not afford to travel extensively to search for a life mate.  So once a year, all the unmated females over a certain age were forced to phase into their wolves and then sent on a run through the lands with every eligible unmated male wolf hot on their heels.  I'm sure you know what happens when a wolf gives chase to prey – their natural instincts take over.  Those poor girls are literally run to the point of exhaustion until a wolf catches them and forcibly imprints on them.  They have no choice but to submit and accept the mating.  It’s a horrible barbaric practice and one that I had hoped to never have to see again.  I was lucky to find my life mate, but so many of my friends were not.  The run changed them and not always for the better.”  
Chase's face had turned a pasty white.  “Jeff is going to subject his own daughter to that?” He whispered in anger.  “How could he do that to her? It's savage! Not to mention she's a dreamer.  They should be cherished and protected, not hunted like a criminal, frightened half out of her wits.”  
She made her way to her table and sat in one of the chairs motioning for him to do the same.  “She's a dreamer and yes, I agree with you about that.  But, she's also the offspring of our ruling family – a family that has no heir to take over when Jeff passes.  Carson's twin is named Cayson and a handsome lad he is; tall, strong and full of life.  But in their infinite wisdom, our illustrious council, the babbling jackasses, have decided he's not good enough simply because they don't acknowledge empathy as a strong or appropriate gift for a leader.”  She shook her head sadly.  “The council insists that our pack have a beta, and not just any beta but a strong one that can take over in case of something happening to our alpha.  We have not had one since Jeff's brother, Daniel, died five years ago.  They have decided for us what is in our best interest as a pack and as a species.  Our alpha has fought this battle for years – trying to make them see reason.  But now time has run out; which is why you are here.”  
“Me?”  He wrinkled his brow.  “I thought it was because you needed a new healer.  What do I have to do with a run?”
She nodded and placed a hand on his arm.  “I still have a few more years left in me and  could easily handle the healing for a bit longer.  However, with her run coming up, I convinced Jeff we need someone to keep an eye on things.  That girl is like the granddaughter I never had and too important to just hope she's alright.  There have been cases when a wolf's instincts take over to the point that he maimed or even killed his catch.  I had seen runs in my youth and I've seen firsthand what can go wrong.  When I told Jeff about the risks, he agreed with me.  We were just lucky that you were available.”  
He chuckled.  “One pack's superfluous healer...”  
“Is another's savior – especially when it comes to someone as precious as Carson.”  She finished.  “We can't let anything happen to her.  As much as I hate the idea of this thing, I know that I can't stop it.  The best I can do is what I can to see that she makes it through this as undamaged as possible.  You can't interfere with the imprinting, of course, but you can, I hope, at least insure she comes through it physically unharmed.”  
Chase nodded slowly and placed his hand on hers.  “I promise Molly.  I'll do everything in my power.”  
Molly smiled and patted his hand.  “Good.”  She seemed to have had a weight lifted from her aged shoulders.  “Now, about that wish list, you think you could sneak a couple new rocker chairs on there? For expectant mothers, of course,” she asked innocently.  

CHAPTER 4

“Come on Amanda! Let me in just for a minute.”  Cayson fidgeted impatiently on the Thistle porch.  “I just want to talk to you.”  
“Cayson Hennison, you go away right this minute.  I done told you I don't want nothing to do with you,” Amanda screeched at him from behind the closed door.
He could hear her elevated heartbeat, the way her breath was short and shallow.  It had been three years since the night of his sixteenth birthday – since the night everything went so horribly wrong, but she was still afraid of him.  He sighed and lowered his voice slightly.  “Please Amanda.  I told you I had no control over what happened that night.”  He hesitated a second before adding.  “I still love you and I miss you so much.”  
There was a panicked whimper from the other side of the door.  “Well I don't love you.  You scare the crap out of me.  Go away before I have to call one of the Enforcers again.  You know your daddy said for you to stay away from me.”  
He growled as her words tore a hole in his heart.  Balling his fist up he slammed it into the door facing, causing it to crack.  She screamed and he heard her run to the back of the house, no doubt to call for help.  Dropping the flowers and box of her favorite chocolates he had gone all the way to Rocky Bluff for, he turned and made his way down the steps and onto the commons.
“Morning, Cayson.”  
He looked up and nodded glumly.  “Morning, Mrs.  Michaels.”  
She stopped and looked at him critically.  “Honey, I told you to call me Jan.  Mrs.  Michaels is, and always will be, Steven's mother.”  
“Yes, ma'am.  I mean Jan.”  
She chuckled and looked up at the porch behind him where Amanda was watching from behind a curtain.  “Still trying, are you?”
He nodded then lowered his eyes.  “I just don't understand it.  How can I love her so much that it hurts to breathe without her, but she doesn't feel the same?”
Jan set the basket of laundry she was carrying on the ground.  “It’s because you have a crush on her and she doesn't feel the...”  
He interrupted, “no it’s more than just a crush.”  
She thought for a moment.  “Honey, I know you think it’s more, but that's what it is,” she continued gently.  “No matter how much you wish and hope and want her to be your mate, it's just not going to happen.  Nature gives us all one perfect mate, a wolf that was created just for us and nobody else.  The moment your eyes meet for the first time, you fall into them.  It's like you surrender your soul to them, lose yourself and become a part of them, and they become a part of you.  Then the blood bond comes and you can feel what they feel, that piece that you both share is a living, breathing thing inside you.  It's really hard to find the words to explain how it feels to know they are always there.  It's far beyond just comforting.”  Her eyes had become misty and a gentle smile curved her lips.  “At least that's how it is for us.”  She placed a hand on his chest over his heart.  “This knows the truth, Cayson.  You may love Amanda now, but it’s nothing compared to your mate.  When you find her, you'll see the mating mark on your chest and feel her in your soul.  It's an incredible feeling.  Don't settle for less.”  She dropped her hand and gave him a smile, picking the basket up and winked.  “Speaking of mates, mine is hungry for some lunch so I best be getting home.  You think about what I said.”  
He watched her move around him and make her way towards her house where her mate was waiting.  He sighed.  Why does everyone think he doesn't understand about love? He knew Amanda was the one for him and if she would just let him look in her eyes, she would feel it too.  They would have the mark and everything would be perfect again.
“Son.”  
Slowly he closed his eyes and took a deep breath, blowing it out slowly.  Turning around he opened them.  “Father.”  
Jeff looked at the porch where Amanda and Gemma's father, William, was standing with his  arms crossed over his chest glaring at Cayson.  The alpha raised a hand in greeting then looked at Cayson.  “My office.  NOW!”  
.-~*~-.
“How many times are we going to have to do this, Cay?” Jeff leaned against his desk and looked at him with barely contained anger.  “This is the third time this month I've gotten a call from one of the Thistles about you.  When are you going to get it through your head that she doesn't feel the same way as you do?”
“She is just confused.  I know if she will just let me explain,” he began.
"No!” Jeff growled.  “This is getting way out of hand.  Son, I know you think she's the right one for you but she's not.”  
“You don't know that,” he growled sullenly, “Amanda is my girl.”  
“Stop! Would you just listen to yourself? You are making that poor girl insane with your obsession.  I know that you are still struggling to deal with this whole empathy thing, but if you can't get a better control of your own emotions, I'm going to have no choice but to send you to another pack.  I can't have you scaring her half to death anymore!”
Cayson stood up and began to leave.  
“Stop right there, get your butt back here and sit down,” Jeff used his alpha to compel his son to obey.  Slowly, Cay turned and made his way back but refused to sit.  Jeff could see the strain as he fought the compulsion.  Cayson's muscles were tensed and his hands curled in fists.  He glared openly at his father and Jeff could see his wolf defying his alpha.
And they said he's not strong enough to lead? What a bunch of Idiots!
Jeff released his will and Cayson all but sagged in relief.  Swallowing, he tried another approach.  “Sit for a minute.  I want you to do something for me.”  
Cayson hesitated then realizing it was a request and not a command, he sunk in the seat.  Jeff sat on the edge of his desk and clasped his hands in his lap.  “I want you to close your eyes and I want you to reach down into yourself and connect with your wolf.  Do it for me, Son.  Find your wolf and meld with him.  Find that moment just before shifting when you are thinking as one, feeling as one.”  He watched and when he was sure Cay had done it, he took a breath knowing this next part was going to be hard but necessary.
“Now, using your wolf's senses, his intuition, think about Amanda.  Don't use the human side, just the wolf.  Think about her smile, her smell.  Think about her animal and how she looks, where the sun hits her when she runs, the movement of muscles under her fur.  Now, you have that firmly in your mind, open your eyes and tell me what your beast thinks about her, not you the human but the wolf only.”  
Cayson's face fell as he opened his eyes.  “He thinks she’s a nice looking wolf but that's all.  He really doesn't have much interest in her.”  
Jeff nodded.  “A life mate is one that fits perfectly with you both, wolf and human, because you were created specifically for each other.  If Amanda was your mate, even without the mark, he would be interested in her.  Everything would entice you both, and even with the fear, she wouldn't be able to resist being with you.  Your human side is infatuated with her, but that's it.  She's the kind that you could settle for, but she's not your life mate.”  
He bowed his head.  “I guess I finally understand,” he whispered, “but it still hurts.”  
Jeff nodded then clapped his son's shoulder.  “Crushes hurt, Cay, but in time you'll move on.  I know you feel like you love her, but now you know the truth.  One day, mark my words, you'll find that person that interests you both and then when you gaze into her eyes you won't even be able to remember what Amanda looked like.”  He checked the clock on the wall and slid off the desk.  “Stay away from the Thistles,” he warned him one last time then ushered him out the door.  “Oh, I need you to go check the pack room and make sure it's ready for the unmated males that should start arriving today.  There should be plenty of cots set up.”  
Cayson stopped, a muscle in his jaw twitching.  “You know how I feel about this,” he said quietly.  
“I know.  I don't like it either but the least we can do is try to make it easier for her.  Support her.”  
“Easier?” Cay growled.  “You just gave me the life-mate-is-the-only-one-for-you talk and you are going to force her to mate with some random wolf.”  
Jeff shook his head sadly.  “I wish I could do something to stop this.”  The words were barely above a whisper.
“Then stop it, Father,” Cayson closed the space between them.  “You're the Alpha.  STOP THIS!”
“I CAN'T!” Jeff growled.  “It's either this or lose our home.  I don't have a choice.  Being alpha sometimes means you have to do what’s best for the pack.  It means making the hard choices.  It means doing what's best for the greater good.”  
Cayson's eyes had turned gold, his wolf snarling just below the surface.  “If that's what it means to be an alpha, then Luna knew exactly what she was doing in making it so I could never be one.  I may be ‘weak’, but I would fight for her and for my family.  I would never sacrifice my own daughter for anyone.”  He stalked out the door and slammed it behind him. 
CHAPTER 5

Rachel sat cross-legged on the end of Carson's unmade bed watching her best friend as she paced back and forth, chewing on a fingernail.
“You'll get worms if you don't stop that.  Oh wait, if you get worms then you will have to go see that hunky new healer.  Don't you think he is yummy? ” She sighed wistfully.  “I mean seriously, I could just spread him on toast and devour him with a glass of cherry soda!”
Carson stopped and snapped her fingers in her friend's face.  “Earth to Rachel.  I don't know if you're aware of the current situation, but I'm sorta in the middle of a crisis.  I don't have time to go stargaze at men who are probably old enough to be my father.  I hear he's been to medical school and internships and all that junk.  He has to be in his 30's.”  
The petite redhead shrugged her shoulders “Maybe.  But, thanks to those lovely hot werewolf genes, he looks twenty – a perfect age for me.  Oh, and speaking of hot werewolf genes, have you seen the influx of hotties that has been pouring in the lands? It’s like a smorgasbord of wolf flesh, and they are all here for you, girlfriend.”  
“No, I haven't looked at them.”  Carson threw herself on the floor and let out a miserable sigh.  “What does it matter? By midnight tonight I will be forced into a loveless mating for the rest of my life and no hope of escape.”  
Rachel slipped off the bed and hugged her oldest friend.  “Maybe we should try to find the good in this.  They say that imprinting is almost as good as life mate.  I mean, well you will be fiercely loyal to him and he to you.  Perhaps in time, maybe you can grow to love him.”  
“You're deluded.  Imprinting is nothing romantic.  It's just a wolf's instinct, Rach, it's nothing better than wolf prostitution.  That's why my father will compel me to shift and not let me change back until it’s over, because only a wolf can imprint.”  She threw her head back against her bed.  “I want MY mate.  Rach, it won't be the same.  Somewhere out there, he is waiting on me.  If I give up now, I'm giving up on him.  Not only will I be miserable, so will he.  Did you know that some wolves would kill themselves rather than live without their mate? They say it's like half your soul and all of your heart is ripped out – that there's nothing anchoring you here anymore.”  Carson's voice had dropped to a whisper.  “But to keep living would be the true death.  My whole life I’ve dreamed about my mating night; what I would wear, how it would feel to stand there under the full moon and know the person next to me loves me completely, hopelessly and madly.  I don't want maybes, I want the certainty.”  
Rachel's face lost all color.  “I...  I guess I can see what you mean.”  She got up and walked over to Carson and grabbed her hand.  “Why don't you run? Phase and just run, now...  go as far as you can away from here?”
“Because our father has forbidden her from leaving the grounds,” Cayson walked in without knocking.  Rachel jumped and dropped Carson's hand, her face flushing a deep red.  It was obvious that she had a crush on her best friend's brother, but then again, Rachel tended to have a crush at one time or another on pretty much every unmated male for miles around, human and were alike.  Her exploits in dating were becoming something bordering on legend.  “I'll just...,” she mumbled and almost tripped over her own feet backing away from Cayson, finally sprawling across the bed.
Cayson leaned in and kissed his sister on the cheek.  “Happy birthday, Squirt,” he mumbled and thrust a small box in her hand.  It dawned on her.  Today was their nineteenth birthday, but with everything else happening, she had forgotten.  
“Happy birthday, Goliath,” she mumbled.  “I've been so stressed, I forgot it was our birthday.  I'm sorry, but I don't have a gift for you.”  
“Just make it through tonight as your normal, irritating self and I'll call that gift enough.”  He waved at Rachel.  “Hey.  How's it going?”
Rachel turned purple and her mouth opened then closed like a fish out of water.  
Carson hid her laugh behind her hand and cleared her throat.  Looking up she saw Cayson staring at her, his eyes full of sadness.  Quickly she slammed a wall down on her emotions to protect him from picking up on them.
“Too late, Car, you've been broadcasting your misery for days now.”  He whispered softly and rubbed her shoulder.  “I wish I could do something.  I even tried to talk to Father.”  
Carson took a ragged breath.  “So have I.  I know he has to obey the council's orders, but that doesn't make it any easier.  Whether or not he wants to, he will go through it and condemn me to a life without love.  The best I could hope for is a young death, my mate's or mine, not that it would matter after imprinting.  The bond will be severed forever.”  
Rachel chewed her lip a moment, her foot starting to bounce as it did when she was thinking.  “If she can't go on her own, can we take her? Just load her up in your jeep and drive away?”
Cayson shook his head.  “The alpha's compulsion wouldn't let her.  We would have to knock her out and even then, when she came to, she would be compelled to return.  She literally has no choice.  The word of the alpha is law.  She could have left before he compelled her had she known.  Father was smart to not say anything until she was here.”  
Rachel let out a little noise of sorrow at her best friend then knelt beside her.  “Maybe your life mate will be there.  Maybe he will be the one to catch you and then you'll have your happily ever after.”  
“It’s hopeless.”  Carson whispered through the curtain of black hair obscuring her face.  “Totally and completely hopeless.  What am I going to do?  How will I live the next 200 years without my mate?” She looked up at her friend and brother, their hearts breaking for her.  She wrapped her arms around herself and shivered.  Unbidden, a pair of deep chocolate eyes flecked with gold and amber stared at her from her mind, the eyes that had haunted her dreams for several years now.  The look of disappointment, betrayal and hurt almost ripped her heart in half.  She felt the hot sting of unshod tears burn her eyes but forbade them from falling.
“Have you tried to, you know, see who you'll end up with?” Cay asked softly, his fingers tightening slightly on her shoulder.  “Do that dreamer stuff you do to see what your future will hold?”
Carson shook her head.  “It doesn't work like that.  Mostly, I see other people's paths; glimpses and flashes of what they have done or will do.  Sometimes I don't understand what I'm shown until the situation presents itself, but it's only for others, never for me.  According to Manna, my teacher, it's the way it manifests.  The gift will not allow you to influence others’ lives in ways to coerce your own into a specific path.  So though I may know the lives of others, my own is shrouded in clouds unless by some chance I get a glimpse of myself through their eyes.  It’s rarely enough to really understand what is going on, where I am or what's going on.”  
“Well that just royally sucks,” Rachel exclaimed.  “What’s the use in having all that when you can't even use it for yourself to be happy?”
“Sucks is putting it mildly.  Once I tried to see my future, even when I had been warned not to attempt it.  All I saw was a moon and then a migraine hit me so hard I was in bed for a week.  No, I learned my lesson.  No more dreaming for this girl.”  
“Eesh.  That's so harsh - have you tried to get around it? Maybe concentrate on your life mate so you know where he is?” Rachel asked.  Cay touched her cheek and even with the shield up, she could feel him pulling at her emotions.  He was trying to shoulder some of the pain and misery for her.  She gave him a wan smile.
“I can't just arbitrarily dream people that I don't know.  If I knew who he was, I could dream and find him...  well, maybe...  even that is iffy at times.  I've heard it's possible for a dreamer to be pulled into a stream in really intense situations, but normally I have to initiate the dream by touching them.”  Carson jumped up and started pacing.  “But what I do know is that whoever he is, where ever he is, when whichever mongrel imprints on me, he will feel it, just like I will.  We will both feel like our hearts and souls are torn in two.”  
Rachel whimpered.  “How...  how do you know that?”
Carson sighed.  “I just do.”  
.-~*~-.
The predator stood in the clearing watching as it filled with people.  Crossing his arms over his chest, he sized up every male that appeared, trying to discern who would be his biggest rival for Carson; not that it would really matter since he knew for a fact he would be the winner.  The rest of them may try, but when this was all over and done, he would be the one imprinting her, even if it meant an accident for some unsuspecting mongrel.  The wolf inside of him paced, growling and snarling, trying to be freed of its mental prison.  “Easy boy,” he whispered.  “Soon, you'll be allowed to run and then we'll claim what is ours.  First we imprint the girl and then take our place as beta.  Just one small accident later, we take alpha.”  His wolf settled slightly at the words but retained his vigilance.  He turned his eyes back to the slowly swelling throng as the sun sank behind the forest.  “Almost time,” he murmured.
He watched as the crowd parted and the current alpha made his way through followed by his mate and son.  The pain was evident on their faces, but there was something more than just sorrow in the Jeff's stony countenance.  There was determination and resolve.  The predator snorted.  He'd show them all what determination would get you.  The fruits of years of labor were about to be harvested.  He grinned in anticipation.
The assembled crowd quieted as the alpha climbed up on a small stage so that everyone could see and hear him.  A few nervous snickers were quickly hushed and all eyes turned towards the platform.  
The light from the bonfire cast shadows across Jeff's face, but it was plain that he was fighting emotions – torn between family and duty.  Taking a deep breath, he schooled his features into a smooth mask and looked out over the gathered crowd.  “Tonight, we are gathered at the demands of the Council,” he nodded his head at a small group of three men and two women standing apart from the rest of the crowd, “for the purpose of a mate run.  My daughter, Carson Elizabeth Hennison is beyond the age of eighteen and being unmated, has become eligible for a run.”  His voice cracked slightly as he delivered the required law, but he cleared his throat.  “As it is written in our laws, any unmated male of age is eligible to participate in tonight's run.”  He looked around the crowd and motioned Chase to join him on the platform.  “Many of you have not met our new healer, Dr.  Chase Blackston.  He will not participate in the run itself but will be running with the pack to insure nobody gets hurt.”  Turning to him he put a hand on the younger man's shoulder.  “Thank you for your assistance in this,” he murmured then turned back to the crowd.  “The run will begin here at this clearing and continue until she is caught.  The chase is confined to our lands only.  Once the...  once she is captured, send up a howl and bring...  bring her back here.”  His hands shook.  “She is my only daughter.  I know the instincts of the wolf in a chase are hard to resist, but if she is harmed, there will be hell to pay,” he growled the last few words out.  Several people shifted uneasily and whispered.
Miriah took a step forward, her beautiful face drawn, eyes red and puffy from obvious tears.  She placed her hand in his and squeezed gently lending him her strength.  Only she knew the war that was waging in him and how he had fought to find a way around this.  Inside his wolf whined softly, calling to his mate in his distress.  He heard her wolf respond and it calmed him.  He squeezed her hand tightly then squared his shoulders.
“All of the unmated males who are participating in tonight's run please move to the left side of the fire and phase.  Be warned, anyone fighting or posturing will be dealt with swiftly.”  His words were a monotone but carried the power of his command.  Around the perimeter, Enforcers made themselves known.
The crowd moved as the participants phased into their wolves watching and waiting for the moment the run would start.  Jeff took another deep breath.  “Carson, please step forward to the right side of the fire.”  
The crowd parted again and she stepped out into the lighted area.  Her hands were clenched in fists her whole body vibrating in a mixture of rage, sorrow and fear.  Behind him, Jeff heard Cayson's gasp and winced knowing he would be feeling every emotion that Carson was throwing off.  Even though Jeff wasn't an empath it was plain to him everything that she was feeling and his heart broke for her.  Glancing to the council standing apart, his inner wolf, the protector of his children, snarled and sought vengeance.  They were to blame for this.  Jeff pushed him down.
Carson completed her walk to the fire, her head down, the heavy curtain of hair hiding her features.  She was barefoot, wearing only a thin dress of periwinkle blue flowers and her hands made fists at her sides.  Slowly she raised her face until it embraced the twilight sky.  The sun had completed its circuit for the day and the gentle moon lifted its gaze over the treetops to stare upon the woman that stood surrounded by family, friends and strangers, but totally and utterly alone.  
Jeff took one last look at her.  She was so small and afraid and it tore his heart to be the one to do this.  He reluctantly pressed his will upon her.  “Carson, you will shift into your wolf and will not resume human form until you have been claimed.”  
She felt the compulsion of her alpha to shift.  Struggling for a moment, she could not resist and finally gave into it and started to retreat in her mind, giving the wolf sole reign of their combined body.  If she had any hope of getting through this unscathed, it would be up to the cunning beast fighting to break free inside.  Glancing one last time towards her family on the platform, everything began to bleed color, changing into washed out hues.  Then her eyes locked onto the wolf standing to the side of her father.  In one heart stopping second, she fell into his eyes, those beautiful chocolate pools flecked with amber and gold, and drowned.
Realization slammed into her with the force of a hurricane.  It was him, her mate, the one she had been hoping for, been wishing and praying for.  Their eyes remained locked upon each other and they sank into each other's souls.  However, it was too late, much too late for them now; already the need to run coursed through her blood.  Her body finished collapsing upon itself.  Her legs and arms pulled and reformed, filling her ears with cracks and snaps.  The olive expanse of human skin darkened as long thick fur in dappled dark gray sprouted and covered her.  Her jaw elongated as her gums split shooting forth long canines.  Almond shaped eyes reformed and changed as deep emerald faded into glowing gold.  The simple dress she had been wearing shredded and fluttered to the ground in thin gossamer strips.  Throwing her head back she howled, a long keel of anguish and longing, calling for him, begging for help - for someone, something, somewhere, anywhere to help her.  Pushing with all her might she poured her frustration, anger, sorrow, need and love into the air and demanded a response.
What she got was far more than she would have hoped for.
One moment, Jeff was standing on the platform watching the moonlight as it bathed his daughter in its soft glow.  The next, the assembled were bathed in what could only be described as an explosion of emotions.  At once, he found himself shifted into his wolf, forcibly and against his will.  The beast was positively feral, snarling and howling, the world turned muted shades of monotone black and white.  He wrestled for control from the beast, but he would have none of it.  Finally, after several minutes, he managed to force the brute back into the recess of his mind and shifted back into his human form, gasping and shuddering for breath.  Looking around it was obvious that the entire pack had been forced to shift and one by one were returning to their human forms.  Behind him he heard the snarl of Cayson's gray and white beast as it fought against the human side to remain in control.  However, he too lost the battle and Cayson stood, panting for breath, the strain of the ordeal causing his eyes to burn with an unnatural golden hue.  As the pack changed back, naked bodies filled the clearing and they whispered among themselves, nervously.  Jeff stepped in front of Miriah, shielding her from view as she returned to human form.  Several of the pack were seen running up the hill towards their homes.  
Jeff turned his attention back to the fire as it snapped and crackled.  It took a moment for him to fully register what he was seeing.  Carson had returned to human form and lay on the ground, eyes closed as if asleep.  Her long black lashes laid upon pale cheeks, ebony curls framing her face.  She was completely still and he jumped down from the platform to take a step towards her prone figure.  There was a snarl, several of them actually, and he stopped but did not back away.  Around him, the chaos continued as people finished changing and disappeared into the shadows.  
One wasn't moving though.
A huge wolf stood over her body, lips curled back and fangs bared, golden brown eyes boring into his with no fear.  The thick, lush, red fur stood on end, hackles raised and snarling a warning.  Jeff stopped and exerted his alpha will towards him, demanding him to back down.  
He was ignored.
He realized that while the red wolf stood directly over his daughter's body, four other smaller wolves had surrounded them and were also glaring and growling, warning everyone to back away.  The beast inside in him demanded to take control, for the alpha to relinquish control and force them to back down.  Jeff swore softly and fought again to force his animal to submit to him.  He knew with emotions running so high, there was no way he would be able to stop the bloodbath that was waiting should his lose this battle of wills.  Sweat beaded his forehead and finally he pushed the snarling beast into the back of his mind again.  It growled and snarled but finally curled up and allowed Jeff to take dominance.  Great.  One problem down and five more to go.
“It's okay.  I'm her brother, her twin.  I know you are trying to protect her.  Please just calm down, Dr.  Blackston.”  
Jeff's head snapped up and he stared as his son had approached the snarling beast holding vigilance over Carson's prone body.  In a moment, he realized his son was right.  The huge animal was Dr.  Blackston who had been on the platform with him a few moments ago.  Cayson dropped down on all fours and looked at the wolf's chest, not meeting his eyes, not challenging him.  Slowly he crawled forward until he was just outside of the ring of snarling beasts watching him.  He kept his voice soft, non-threatening.  “I'm her brother.  We met briefly when you first came here.  Remember? We had a cup of coffee in the bakery.  She's my sister and I love her.  I would never ever do anything to hurt her.  I can feel your anger.  I can feel your fierce need to protect her.  Now, please, feel my love for her.  I just want to see about her.  Please?”
Slowly the wolf stopped growling and determining that the man didn't want to hurt his mate, turned to check on her.  Nosing her face, he whimpered softly then licked her cheek.  The man inside fought for control of the animal but was systematically pushed down.  Seeing that it would take more than words to calm the beast, he instead appealed to his instincts.  “Let me take control again.  I need to see about her.  Remember, we went to school to learn how to care for others“.  His wolf ignored him, insisting that he would be able to better protect her than any weak human.  Chase tried again.  “What if she's hurt? Look at her, how pale she is.  She's not waking up, not opening her eyes.  What if she needs medical attention? I need my hands, human hands, to see about her.”  The beast huffed and reluctantly relinquished control allowing the human side to gain command.  Quickly, before the beast tried for dominance again, Chase shifted and turned his attention to the woman that was lying on the ground at his feet.  He shook his head.  What had gotten into his wolf? Mate, the beast growled.  She's our mate and I will protect her.  He ignored the silly animal and willed his fingers to move.  Pressing them against her neck, he felt the steady thrum of her heart beat, her breathing coming even and steady.  He let out a huge breath of relief.  “She's okay.  I think its shock.  I need to get her back to the hall.”  Without another word, he scooped her up in his arms and ran back towards the hall, two wolves taking up position on either side of him.

CHAPTER 6

“What the hell was that about?” Carl snarled, the  English accent of his youth thickening as it did whenever he was upset or pissed, and he was both at the moment.  “Anyone want to tell me exactly what just happened?” The tall leggy form paced back and forth, electric blue eyes sweeping the other members of the council as they waited in the alpha's office.  Every few minutes, he would stop and glare at the door, push thick muscular fingers through the peppered gray of his hair only to begin again.  
“Elder Abernathy, please calm yourself,” the dulcet voice of Councilor Gretchen spoke from the chair across from the desk.  “I'm sure once Alpha Hennison is able, he will come and explain.”  She folded her long slender fingers into her lap and gazed at him with her pale silver eyes.  She was oldest of the council, but, being a woman, could not take the elder position.  However, her advice was always heeded and her ability to remain calm, legendary.
“Explain? How the hell is he going to explain … that,” he motioned in the general direction of the clearing.  “I shifted! Not a choice even.  One minute I was standing there on two legs and the next, on four.  And if that wasn't enough, I had to fight my wolf to return! Without manifesting clothing! Do you know how long it's been since I have not been able to manifest clothing following a change? More than a hundred years.  Do you hear me? ONE...  HUNDRED...  YEARS!  What the bloody hell? “
The other members of the council nodded and whispered their agreement as Gretchen tried to contain the laughter that was threatening to erupt from the preposterous outrage of their Elder.  They had all been forced to shift, which was, in itself, unnerving enough, but to then have to run bare ass naked.  Well, such things were beneath them.  They represented the eldest and most powerful of shifters and being forced into anything was nowhere near being in their comfort zone.  
The door opened at that moment and Jeff strolled into the room.  “Counselors,” he murmured and nodded to them in respect.  Carl turned, took three steps towards him and growled, “explain this!” Shoving one finger into the alpha's chest, he exploded, “Explain what happened.  What did you do? So help me, Hennison, I'll have your ass in a sling for this insult!”
Jeff snarled, his eyes flashing from their calm emerald green into glowing gold.  Lips pealing back from his teeth and he found himself fighting for control for the third time tonight.  Elders or not, this was still his damn pack and he deserved to be treated as the alpha he was.
“Jeff,” Gretchen's soft tone wormed its way through his anger and gave him the control he needed.  Satisfied that he was calming, she stood and folded her hands serenely in front of herself.  “If you two are finished with your pissing contest, I'm sure we would all like to hear what you have to say.”  She turned towards him and waited patiently.
Jeff frowned, rubbed the back of his neck and began to pace again in aggravation.  “I don't know exactly what happened,” he began.
“Bollocks!” Carl's seething eyes burned a hole in the younger man's chest.  “You have fought us tooth and nail over this decision.  You fought us for years and now you did something to stop this.  It's rebellion!” Carl's eyes had become almost pinpoints from his fury, spittle flying out as he stalked closer to Jeff.  “Admit it! You...”  
Before Carl could finish, Jeff had the older shifter by the neck, lifting him in the air with a growl.  The hush that filled the air was thicker than soup and everyone held their collective breaths.  “You listen to me, you pompous airbag, you and this council are the ones to blame for everything.  I obeyed your damned decree.  I'm the one that forced my little girl to shift so she could be chased like a rabbit at a greyhound track.  So if I was you, I'd watch what I was saying because my hold on my wolf is tentative at best.”  His eyes slowly dimmed and after a moment, he opened his fist and let Carl drop to the floor.  
“You've lost it.  You actually attacked a council member.  You're finished, done.  I'm calling for a vote right now to disband this pack or bare minimum remove you as alpha.”  Carl’s red face glared around the room.  “You heard me, I demand a vote.  He has no respect for me or for this council and I, for one, am sick of it.  This ass has been a thorn in my side for too many years.”  
“Make up your mind, Carl.  Is he a thorn or an ass?” Gretchen asked him calmly.  
The tension in the room evaporated amidst a smattering of chuckles.  Carl knew he had lost momentum and with one last glower, flopped back into the chair attempting to pull himself together.  
Jeff allowed the anger to drain out of him and turned to face Gretchen.  There was no love lost between him and the council, but at least he respected her.  Carl could go straight to hell and Jeff would be only too happy to give him a map, compass, snacks for the road and a healthy boot in the ass to send him on his way.  
“Please continue,” she nodded to him.
“As I was saying, I don't know what happened.  It's no secret that I wasn't happy with this decision to force Carson into a mate run, and yes I did argue against it.  However, when all was said and done, I obeyed the will of the council, this council.  As for thinking I did something, “ his eyes fell on the still fuming Elder, “unless you failed to notice, everyone at that fire was forced to shift, from the youngest to the oldest, including pups that haven't mastered a full shift yet, a pregnant mother, and even Molly, eldest in the village.  Hell, even I, the alpha, shifted and had to fight my animal tooth and nail to regain control.  Everyone I talked to said the same thing one minute human, the next wolf.  Last I checked, everyone was fine...  well except for Jan and Steven Michaels and Landry and Aubrey Williams.”  
Gretchen wrinkled her brow.  “I assume that was the four that was protecting her?”
He nodded.  “Yes, Councilor, they are still in their wolf forms, guarding the door to the healer's hall.  Nobody can get within ten feet of the porch.  I just left there and they won't let anyone in, not even me.”  The worry made his lips pinch and lines appear around his eyes.  
“What are those four to her? Friends? Family?” Councilor Maggie asked quietly.
“Nothing.  The Michaels' are newly mated just last moon.  Carson knows them both but I wouldn't call them close friends.  The Williams' just moved here last year.  I don't think she's even met them yet.”  
“Force them to change back and ask them,” Carl mumbled from behind the desk.
“I've tried to use my will on them.  It's like the human in them is gone and they are completely feral.  Even as alpha, they won't obey me.”  
Carl snarled.  “When the pack stops obeying the alpha, it’s time to get a new one.  You're weak Hennison, weak and pathetic.”  He looked around at the frowns of the other councilors.  “At least that's my opinion,” he mumbled.
Jeff closed his eyes and let the anger wash through him.  He bit back the retort and instead took several breaths, refusing to let the arrogant ass bait him further.  Several moments passed before opening them again.  Surprisingly he felt in control for the first time.  “You know what they say about opinions, Carl.  They are just like an ass.  Everyone has one and they stink.  In your case I would say that goes double.”  He sniffed the air and made a face like he had scented something repulsive.  Carl's mouth flopped open but quickly shut it again.
Maggie and Archie looked at each other, mirth clear on their faces.  
“What about your son? He was able to calm that Doctor fellow with his empathy stuff.”  Oliver asked.  “Have him make a go at it.”  
Carl let out a snort.  “Empathy...  stupid crap is what that is.  Useless.  Weak.  Pathetic - just like his old man.”  
Jeff ignored the jab and shook his head.  “We tried it.  Cayson can't get through to them either.  Frankly I have no idea what to do.”  
Gretchen took a deep breath.  “I suppose since this is unfamiliar ground and has to do with a dreamer, we should send for Manna.  Maybe she can help figure this out.”  
Jeff nodded and walked to the door, opening it and speaking to someone on the other side before closing it again.  They waited several moments before the door opened and in walked a tall woman with long silver hair and eyes so pale as to be almost white.  Her body radiated power and she wrapped it around herself like a cloak.  She smiled and nodded first to the council and then to Jeff.  “I wondered how long it would be before you sent for me.  Quite the interesting turn of events this evening wouldn't you say? How astounding it is to be taken down a notch,” her eyes danced with barely contained laughter.  Casting her eyes towards the council, she said, “If you will recall, I warned you that this whole mate run thing was a very bad idea.”  
They shifted in their seats, refusing to meet her eyes.
“Thank you for coming, Manna.  We have a few questions that we are hoping you can help us with.  First off, the big question on everyone's mind is what was all that shifting tonight? I assume it was caused by her?”  Maggie asked as she fidgeted uncomfortably under her gaze.  
“Oh I'm quite sure it was caused by her.  It took a little digging, but I found a passage in the archives concerning dreamers in distress.  Of course, I'll have to do more research when I return to our compound – the archives here are, for lack of a better word, dismal.”  Manna frowned slightly.
“For Luna's sake, woman.  What is it?” Carl growled as he jumped up from his seat.  “It's like wrestling a bone from a starving wolf to get a straight answer out of you.”  
Manna was nonplussed as she fixed her stare on him.  “If you are quite through throwing your tantrum, Councilor?” She waited until he sat back down before continuing.  “I believe what happened here tonight was a Calling.”  
Councilor Archie opened his mouth to ask her what a Calling was but Carl beat him to it.  “What the hell is that?” he asked from behind the safety of Jeff's desk.
Manna tucked her hand into the pockets of her dress and ignored the indignant glower from the elder council member.  “A Calling is a very old and obscure ability of dreamers.  I had not heard of it before, which is in itself remarkable, but I did find mention of one in the archives.  Roughly three hundred years ago, there was a young dreamer who had not come fully into her gifts, and was still a novice at shifting.  While in the forest, she came across a mother bear with two young cubs.  The bear chased her, cornering her between a canyon cliff and several large rocks.  This is where it becomes very interesting.  Realizing she was trapped with no way out, she prepared herself to die.  Suddenly, eight wolves, all mated members of her pack, appeared behind the bear.  The girl passed out in a dead faint, but the others were able to drive the bear back and return her to their village.  Later when asked about the event, she stated that she knew she was going to die and wished with all her heart and soul that someone would come save it.  The rescuing wolves, on the other hand, had no recollection of the events.  One moment they were humans in the village and the next shifting from their wolves standing guard over her.  It was named a Calling in the texts.  Simply fascinating.“
“Alright, that sounds familiar.  So what we saw was a Calling, I get that.  But my question is why? The girl's life wasn't in any real danger like the one in the story, so why did she call for help and why did those two couples answer when nobody else did? Also, while you are at the explanations, what the hell caused everyone to shift?” Archie leaned forward, propping his chin on his hands.
“It's quite simple, Councilor.”  Turning to Gretchen, she smiled.  “Gretchen, if you would please inform us, what are the five gifts of our people?”
She frowned.  “Really? Are we going to have preschool lessons now?”
Manna held up a hand.  “Please, just bear with me a moment.  Now what are the five gifts?”
Gretchen sighed heavily but answered.  “The five gifts of Luna's children are strength, peace, knowledge, healing and love.”  
Manna clapped her hands and pasted a broad smile on her face.  “Perfect.  Thank you.”  Ticking them off on her fingers she repeated them.  “Strength which manifests in the form of our alphas, knowledge given to us through the dreamers, healing from, of course, our healers, peace through our empaths, and love in the form of life mates.”  
“This is basic wolf knowledge, Manna.  Every pup old enough to talk knows this.  Is there a point?”
“I'm getting to it, Oliver.  Please just hear me out.”  She schooled her face into a calm mask again before continuing.  “Many decades ago, our people maintained those gifts in every pack creating a perfect balance, every single pack.  But now, we don't have the balance we used to.  We have alphas without betas and dreamers covering several packs instead of each one having their own.  Our precious empaths are discouraged and found to be weak, even worthless,” her gaze cut to Carl who was rolling his eyes.  “Our healers learn less and less about traditional skills using their gifts and rely more on modern technology.  But all that, and listen carefully, it all pales in comparison to the imbalance of love.  Instead of allowing wolves to find their mates as it was intended by Luna, we have instigated the practice of settling for someone who is acceptable or in worse cases, forcing the issue with those ghastly mate runs.  We are doing this to ourselves.  We are forcing the animal inside to make a decision for both human and beast.  That is not the way we were made.”  
“Your fairy tales are all nice and good, but what has that got to do with what happened here?” Carl asked impatiently.  The tone of his voice was clear; he didn't believe a single word of what she was saying.
She whipped around and glared daggers at him.  “It has everything to do with tonight's events! There is a great imbalance here.  If you can't see it, then you are a bigger fool than I first suspected you to be, and I am quite sure you are a fool of gargantuan proportions.  Let me spell it out for you.  First, there is an alpha here but no beta, hence the balance of power is off.  Then, your pack empath, a rare rare gift, more rare than all the other gifts combined, is denied his birth right all because you five view anyone having emotions and the ability to control them as weak.  Next, one of our precious dreamers was forced into a mate run and not allowed to pursue her search for a life mate, throwing love out of balance.  A dreamer is the knowledge of a pack and you five, in your infinite wisdom, created a stressful situation from which she felt she had no recourse.  Though her life was not in physical danger, her sanity, her heart, her need to protect and fix this pack was definitely in danger.  Dreamers must be at peace with themselves and their packs.  Stress from being mis-mated could, at the least, cause a disruption in the harmony of the stream.  And though instinctively she would be devoted to her imprinted mate, she would resent it on a spiritual level, throwing her out of balance and in turn, skewing her ability to merge with streams.  She was literally backed up against the wall.  Plainly put, a calling is the desperate cry of her soul for help.  When the compulsion was placed on her to shift for the mate run, her soul screamed out its injustice and demanded protection.  That call was answered by the two mated couples that now protect her in the healing hall.”  
“Dear Luna, what have we done?” Jeff's face turned pale as silence consumed the room.  Finally it was broken by Maggie.  “You still haven't explained why we all were forced to shift?”
Manna gathered her thoughts a moment before continuing.  “You were forced to change so that your wolves could be judged by her soul on a spiritual, primitive, gifted level.  The two couples that were chosen were, for lack of a better way of putting it, perfectly in alignment with their mates.  They were in perfect balance physically, spiritually and emotionally.  Think of it like a standard...  an ideal.  The Calling demands perfection to that standard.  There can be no fear, no distrust, no issues in their bonds.  It knows the link between mates and finds the most suitable ones.  This imbalance I spoke of goes back generations and it’s my belief that it started with the first mate runs.  Now we are seeing the culmination.”  
Maggie wrinkled her brow, “In the story from the archive, there were eight wolves, which I would expect based on tonight's experience, to be four pairs? Only two pairs were called by Carson.  Was it because her physical life wasn't in danger?”
Manna frowned, “I don't think so.  What I believe is that those four were called because of the strength of their bonds.  It also speaks volumes about those who were not chosen, about the taint that has settled over our people and the imbalance.  In a pack this size, I would not have been surprised to see six or eight pairs chosen.  That only two were singled out and both of them fairly new to this pack say there are some serious issues in your people, Jeff, and you need to rectify it.”  
Jeff blew out a stream of air.  He had just come to the realization at the same time.   He thought for a long few moments before asking his next question.  “How long will they stay wolves?”
“I imagine until the compulsion releases them.  In the archive accounting, the guardians, as they are called, were only released from their duty once the dreamer regained consciousness; with danger passed and her awake, they shifted back.”  She shrugged.  “I’m not sure, of course, but I think the same will work here.”  
Jeff jumped up as he tried to assimilate the barrage of information Manna was giving them.  It all seemed so unreal but the proof was currently at the healer's hall watching over his daughter.  They were doing what he wouldn't do and the thought galled him.  Cayson was right.  He shouldn't have given in to pressure to force this run.  He shook his head, clearing it.  He'll deal with his own shortcomings later.  Right now, he needed to address the four wolves that were keeping guard over Carson.  “Why didn't they listen to me when I tried to make them shift?” Jeff asked.  “Even my alpha couldn't force them to listen.  It was like the human sides weren't even there.”  
“Because when it comes to the five gifts, normally they are equal - one does not overrule the other.  However, her needs as a dreamer overrode your authority as an alpha.  They were acting in the Calling for her.  When the danger is over, which I think is probably when she awakens, they will probably phase back into humans again.  As you know, our wolves are stronger than our humans; they are less emotional, less likely to hesitate and act instinctively to do the right thing.  Had anyone touched Carson, I feel quite sure they would put their lives down to protect her.  The beast in us understands the needs of the heart and more importantly, the need to protect a dreamer.”  
A soft murmur raced through the room at the revelation.  
Gretchen nodded slowly, “And the reason the new healer was allowed near her was because his gift was needed to help her?”
Manna shrugged.  “It very well could be, but I have another theory.  However, until she wakes up, we won't know for sure.”  She made her way to the door and stopped with her hand on the knob.  She looked back at them and a slow grin lit her features as her eyes twinkled with joy.  “Either way, this promises to be quite a show.”  
CHAPTER 7

“Miss...  Miss...”  
Mate...  the voice in his head insisted.  She is our mate.
Chase ignored the silly beast.  Taking a wet cloth, he wrung it out and gently placed it on the girl's forehead.  He had checked her vitals a dozen times since bringing her to the healer's hall but still there was no sign of what was wrong with her.  Beneath her chest, the beautiful perfection of her chest her heart beat strong and steady, and the breath coming through those sublime twin pillows of pink lips was even and deep.  He shook his head.  “Stop it.  She's your patient,” he mumbled to himself.
Mate.  The animal growled inside.
Throwing his hands up, he stood and started pacing.  What was wrong with him? He remembered standing there on the platform, phasing in preparation for following the run, then the woman...
Mate.  His wolf insisted again and Chase could almost see the beast grinning at him.  He growled low in his chest and ignored him.  
This WOMAN had looked at him.  He remembered seeing the most beautiful pools of perfect emerald and falling into them.  Then he heard was the most heart wrenching scream of despair sounding through his head.  His wolf howled, shredded the cage in his core where he dwelt and responded, recognizing her as their mate.  The next thing he knew his beast had taken over and the human side was shoved back into the pit of his stomach.  
Our mate was hurt.  I needed to protect her.  He snorted then settled down.
Chase stood at the side of the bed and looked down at Carson.  Damn but she was beautiful – perfect even.  Shoving the professional aside, he allowed the man to look at her.  Her oval face was framed by long black hair, high cheekbones, straight little nose and full lush lips that just begged to be kissed.  Now that he could see her, he could tell the resemblance to the pack alpha – the same olive complexion and nose.  He knew if she opened her eyes, he would see those twin pools of bottomless emerald green, compelling him to fall into them and drown all over again.  
Let's take a swim, his wolf snickered.
He shook his head and blowing out a breath turned away.  Her parents must be beside themselves with worry.  He should at least let them know she was holding her own.  
He had taken no more than three steps when a soft gasp sounded behind him.  
She was awake.
The beast inside stood up and whined, clawing to get to her.  Chase flew back to her side and grabbed her hand, his eyes looking over her one more time to convince them both that she was alright.  As his eyes lifted, they found those twin pools of deep green fastened on his face.
Definitely time to go swimming again.  
Chase growled low in his chest telling the animal to mind his manners.  His patient didn't need this kind of silliness.
Mate.  The wolf inside insisted and actually growled at Chase, losing patience with his human half.  His mouth fell open as the realization hit him that the beast was right.  He could deny it all he wanted, could pretend he didn't have time for romance, that his practice was all that he cared for but it was all lies.  Carson was his life mate.  
Told you so.  The damned animal was smug now.
“Son of a...,” he swore softly, closing his eyes and lowering his head.  “Ah crap!” he slammed his hand against the wall.
“Nice bedside manner you got, Doc,” a soft voice whispered.  He opened his eyes and actually had the grace to blush.  She was still staring at his face, a look of absolute trust caressing the tender features.  She was so accepting, so open, it tore at his heart.  Reaching a hand up she cupped his face and the touch was like electricity racing over his skin.  He groaned and leaned into the caress, relishing the tender moment.  Surrendering his heart, he took her hand and pulled it away from his face, placing a kiss on the knuckles.  He was lost.  A goner.
The damned wolf was now dancing inside.  Chase decided he liked the smug version better.
“I suppose introductions are in order, seeing as how we will be spending the rest of our lives together, and it would be nice to be able to call you something other than Doc.  I'm Carson Hennison.”  She smiled at him and waited expectantly.
“Blackston...  Dr.  Chase Blackston,” he murmured.  He couldn't take his eyes off hers.  They were fascinating, deep emerald green flecked with gold and just a hint of teal.  They were striking and commanded attention.  Shaking his head again he forced himself to look away and place her hand gently on her chest.  “How are you feeling, Miss Hennison,” he asked in an attempt to regain some sort of professional decorum.
She laughed.  It was a soft sound, full of joy, and the beast inside him practically flipped in happiness.  He was so busy chastising him he missed what she had said.  “Hmm? I'm sorry what did you say?”
“I said that you can call me Carson.  It seems a little silly for you to be all formal when we are life mates.  Don't you think, Chase?”
The animal agreed and was positively vibrating inside.  He could feel the happiness as the wolf sat there with a big silly grin on its muzzle, tail wagging happily like a puppy.  “Worthless,” he mumbled to him in a growl.  
Silly beast ignored him.
“Miss Hennison,” he tried again.
She put a hand on his arm.  “Carson,” she insisted.  Then started to pull herself up from the bed.  The sheet slipped slightly and his eyes fell on the small two inch round red mark just above the swell of her left breast.  He reached out to touch it then clenched his fingers tightly and let his hand fall.  
Her eyes clouded a moment thinking he was rejecting her, then looking down saw the mark on her chest.  She smiled and touched it.  “It's beautiful,” she whispered softly.  “May I see yours?” She reached out towards the neck of the scrubs he was wearing.  He tensed for a moment then grabbing the hem, he pulled the shirt over his head and tossed it aside.  There in the same place on him was the exact same mark except in reverse.  Where hers was a circle of deep burgundy red with white whorls that faintly resembled a fingerprint, his was ringed in white, the inner lines in red.  The swirl of deep red almost pulsed with a life of its own.  She placed her hand over it and he groaned from the electric touch.  Leaning forward his lips brushed hers in the softest of kisses and if there had been any doubt that she was made for him, it was all washed away from their first shared kiss.
“What's going on here?”
Carson dropped her hand, her face turning a bright pink.  Chase jumped up and looked at the now open door.  Her father, the alpha of the pack, stood there just inside the door glaring at the two.  Taking a step forward, a slight growl rumbled from the four wolves standing with hackles up and fangs bared.  Jeff pulled his gaze to them, put his hands on his hips looking at them expectantly.  The stare on his face would have been enough to make the strongest disappear, tail tucked firmly between legs but not them.  The four guardians simply watched and didn't move.  Chase, however, wanted to disappear but his professional integrity demanded he stay.
“Carson, you can tell them it’s alright to shift back now,” Manna called from behind Jeff's back.  “It's obvious that you are no longer in danger.  I'm sure they would like to go home and rest.”  
Carson wrinkled her brow.  “Me? Why would they listen to me?”
“You called them, dear.  They are your guardians.  They are protecting you and will only obey you for as long as the compulsion is upon them.”  Manna wore an amused expression.
She looked at the four wolves.  “Um.  You can shift back now.  It's okay.  Go ahead and go home.”  She pulled her bottom lip into her teeth, clenching the sheet around herself acutely aware that she was naked underneath.  There was a subtle crack of bones realigning, a gentle sigh as fur was drawn in and smooth human skin replacing it.  Fangs retracted into gums, eyes rounded and tufted ears lost their points and rounded into a more human configuration.  There was a squeak as Aubrey dove behind her mate and peered out, confusion on her face.  Landry turned and wrapped his arms around her gently guiding her to the nearby bed where he pulled the sheet from the bottom and wrapped it around her.  On the other side of the room, Jan was quickly winding another one around her nude torso while Steven glared at the assembled.  Jeff looked at him and quickly Steven dropped his gaze.  
“I think there's been enough excitement tonight.  You four go on home, but I want to see you in the morning in my office,” he grunted at them.  
“Yes, Alpha,” the four murmured before fleeing the room.  Once they had left, Jeff and Manna entered the hall followed by Cayson, Rachel, and Miriah.  
Manna's eyes flickered over Chase's bare torso and fell on the mark pulsing over his heart.  A smile crept across her thin lips.  “Well I guess that answers that question,” she chuckled and crossed her arms over her chest.  
Chase blanched and grabbed his shirt where it had fallen, wiggling it over his head and tugging it to his hips.  He didn't even care that it was inside out, a fact that wasn't wasted on Manna.  Raking his fingers through his hair, he mumbled to himself and took another step back away from the bed.
Cayson winked at his sister, “you okay, Squirt?”
“Just great, Goliath,” she grinned but kept the sheet pulled up under her chin.  The grin faded when she saw the murderous glare on her father's face and the weight of his will forcing Chase to back away.  “Poppa! Stop it!”  She started to get up off the bed but in a flash, Chase had returned to her side and gently but firmly pushed her back.  “Rest now,” he growled softly.  “You need it.”  
“I'm fine,” she pushed his hand off her shoulder then looked over at her mother.  “Can someone please get me some clothes?”
“I'll get it,” Rachel chirped from behind Cayson and flew out the door.  Miriah pushed by Jeff and pointed to the back of the room.  “If you are going to go wolf on the Doctor who was tending to your daughter, then go do it in the back.”  The two men regarded each other and walked to the back of the room, going through the office door and slamming it closed.  Manna and Cayson looked at each other and took seats at the small table to wait.  Miriah nodded then reaching up, she tugged the privacy curtain closed around the bed and sat on the edge, picking Carson's hand up and squeezing it gently.  “How are you, honey?”
“Mom, I'm FINE.  I promise.”  
“You scared 20 years of life out of me,” her mother began.  
“Well good thing we wolves live such long lives,” she teased the sobered.  “Could you maybe tell me what happened?  Everything is just a blur.”  
Miriah shook her head.  “I'm not real sure.  You shifted for the run then somehow everyone else did as well.  By the time I got control, Cayson was trying to reason with Dr. Blackston who was still a wolf.  He must have gotten through to him because suddenly he phased, picked you up and ran to the healer's hall.  We've been waiting outside to check on you and it wasn't until a few moments ago that Jan and Steven Michaels suddenly quit growling and calmly walked back into the hall.  Until then, nobody, not even the council could get closer than the bottom step of the porch.  Nothing anyone could say or do would make them move.”  
Carson frowned.  “Why? I don't understand all this.”  
“It was a Calling.”  Manna said from behind the curtain.  “Your soul cried out and as a dreamer, it invoked some sort of compulsion.  It chose them to be your guardians and they were forced to obey.”  She hesitated a moment.  “What do you remember?”
Carson laid back on the bed and squeezed her eyes shut, wrinkling her brow to think back.  She heard the sound of a chair moving and the gentle sssish as the curtain was pulled slightly open.  Even without opening her eyes, she knew her mentor had joined them in the little cubicle.  “I remember walking into the circle by the bonfire and hearing all the mumbles of the people, the shifting of the paws of the runners.  I remember looking up to the sky and thinking I was doomed to being miserable for the rest of my life.”  She hesitated a moment then continued.  “I heard Poppa tell me to phase and I looked up at him and...  I saw Chase.  My heart knew him immediately.  He is my mate, my true life mate.”  She opened her eyes and looked into her mother's, one hand pressing gently on the mark that had confirmed physically what she had already known then returned to the story.  “I saw him and it was already too late.  I knew once I had finished my change that I would be compelled to run and then the winner would imprint me.  I wouldn't ever be with him.  I felt such horror, such utter despair, I wanted to die rather than participate.  The next thing I knew, I was waking up here.”  
She heard a noise and the curtains were pulled open just a crack and Rachel stuck her head in.  “I got you some jeans and a shirt.  Sorry I didn't think about underwear or shoes until right now,” she thrust the clothes towards her friend with her face a bright red.
“It's fine.  That will cover the girly bits,” she said gratefully and started to tug the shirt over her head.  When her head popped through the neck hole of her shirt, she stopped and looked at them.  All three were staring at her chest, as if burning a hole through the cotton material.  “I told you he was my mate,” she growled grumpily.  Sitting up on the side she slid the pants over her legs then scooting off the bed, wiggled them up over her hips and buttoned the fly.  Tossing her hair into a loose knot at the base of her neck she slid back on the bed and sat with her legs crossed Indian style.
“Well there you go,” Manna chuckled.  Reaching over she patted her favorite student's knee affectionately.  
“What about the council?” Carson began to chew on her inner cheek.  “Surely now they won't make me do that silly run.”  
“Of course you won't do that be-damned run.”  Chase pushed the curtain aside.  “My mate is not going to be run ragged through the woods and no mongrel is touching her! Ever!”  
Miriah stood up and took a step backward.  Dropping to the bed beside her, he picked up her hand and gently touched her cheek.  “Are you okay? Why are you up? You should be lying down.”  
“I'm fine, Chase.  I feel fine.  Wonderful, even.  Better than I have in a while.  I finally found you.  I finally have my mate.”  She nuzzled his palm tenderly.
“Oh snap.”  Cayson was watching wide eyed.  “Mates? Oh double snap.”  He grinned at them.  Beside him Rachel leaned over towards Cay and whispered, “Carson and Chase sitting in a tree...”  
Jeff whirled around facing them and pointed to the door.  “You two – OUT!” he growled and they scrambled out the hall.  Then turned to Manna and Miriah, about to command them as well, when Manna arched an eyebrow at him and crossed her arms over her chest.  Miriah, canted her head to the side and gave him a scathing glare.  He bit back the command and opted for finesse instead.  “Ladies, if you would please excuse us, I would like to talk to Carson and Dr.  Blackston alone.”  
“Well since you put it so nicely,” Manna nodded.  Hooking Miriah's arm with hers, she tugged her out of the cubicle.  “How about a nice cup of tea and some juicy gossip? I'm sure there is lots that I haven't caught up on since my last visit.  Come on, she's in capable hands.”  Her eyes raked over Chase again.  “Very capable I'd say,” she laughed softly.
As the door shut again, Jeff turned and looked at his daughter, still caught up in a moment with her new mate.  Mate...  Cripes! He started to pace back and forth, mumbling to himself.  After several moments, he looked up and saw the two of them watching him.  Raking his fingers through his hair, he sat down on the neighboring bed and began to drum his fingers on his knee nervously.
“What is it, Poppa? I thought you would be happy.  I don't understand why you are so upset.”  Carson's eyes looked into her father's before sliding away.  One didn't just stare an alpha in the face, not even his own children, for to do so was to offer a challenge.  She pulled her bottom lip into her teeth and started to chew.  It was an old habit that manifested whenever she was unsure or stressed.  Right now, she was both.
“Baby, don't get me wrong.  I'm thrilled that you found your mate.  But, there's still a problem here.  You know why we were forced into this damned run.”  
She nodded.  “I understand it, but now we don't have to.  I have my mate, Poppa!  You can send the entire lot of males home.  You said they insisted on me having a mate and now I do!”
“It's not me, it’s the council.  That jackass, Carl Abernathy, is seething that the run was canceled and he's not alone.  I have a whole village full of testosterone laden males snarling and foaming because they were promised a run and they feel like they have been robbed.”  He huffed and rubbed the back of his neck.  “With all the trouble we've had so far with them over this, something tells me they aren't ready to let this go yet.  If Cayson wasn't good enough to be beta, I doubt they will see Chase as any better.”  
Chase's eyes had become darker and darker as they talked until they became holes of inky black.  “Let me get this right.  It's perfectly fine to throw your daughter out to be chased by a pack of slobbering mongrels, one of them catch her, force her to submit and bear his pups, insuring that any happiness that she would ever have would be totally squashed? This is the vision you, her father, has for her? But the man, the wolf that was created specifically for her and for whom she was created, isn't good enough?”  He was shaking; rage like he had never felt in his life coursed through is body.  Standing up he took a step protectively in front of her, effectively blocking her from Jeff's sight.  “She is not participating in any mate run and I don't care what you, the council or anyone else says.  I'll die before I will allow any male to touch her!”
Jeff jumped up and took a step forward.  “That was not my idea, it was the decree of the council.  They forced me into this position.  It was either the run to create a beta or our pack would be divided and disbanded.  I HAD NO CHOICE, and I'm not about to take any grief from you, Welp!”
Carson slipped off the bed and took a step between the two.  “Calm down, both of you please,” she glared at them, her hands pressed against each one's chest.  After a few tense moments, the two backed down and slowly sank back onto the edge of the two beds.  Carson blew out a breath.  Silly males her inner wolf chuffed and she mentally nodded in agreement.  Looking up at them she was satisfied that they were not going to tear each other apart.  Relaxing just marginally she stood barefooted between the two and waited.
Jeff threw his hands in the air.  “I have a meeting with the council in the morning.  I don't know what I'm going to do – what's going to happen to us.”  He took a few steps and turned back.  “I'm really happy you have found your mate, Baby, I mean it.  I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure you are happy.”  He looked at her as if he wanted to say more then with a sad shake of his head, walked out the door closing it quietly behind him.
“I found my mate, but in the process, did I kill our pack?” she mumbled softly then turned to Chase, burying her face against his strong chest.  He slipped his arms around her and held her as she softly cried.

CHAPTER 8

The next afternoon, Carson sat on her boulder at the lake, her knees drawn up under her chin and the warm summer sunshine pouring over her body.  Gliding on the smooth mirror-like surface of the lake, a mother duck paddled along followed by several ducklings.  The air was crisp and clean, and any other time she would be basking in the warmth.  Instead, she sat on the boulder, stress causing her nerves to jangle uncomfortably.  She sighed and closed her eyes, pushing her fears to the back of her mind.  
She detected his scent as he approached; he smelled of the forest after a rain coupled with just a touch of medical disinfectant.  It was pleasant and comforting.  She smiled, turning her head to the side; she opened her eyes and watched him walk through the woods and onto the small beach.  As he strolled towards her, her eyes traveled over his form, appreciating how the muscles under his skin moved with ease.  Tall at well over six and a half feet, he was fit, and in her mind, perfection walking.  He has those classic Greek features including a square jaw, straight nose and those gorgeous eyes that looked like melted chocolate mixed with gold.  Chase was a fine specimen of male anatomy and he was all hers, or at least she hoped he was.  She sighed softly, dropping her eyes down to see him staring at her from his position beside the boulder.  She gazed at him, her wolf rumbling softly inside and tried to calm the butterflies that were dive-bombing her stomach.  
“Hey there, beautiful.”  He leaned against the rock, a huge grin on his face.  “What are you doing way out here?”
She tossed her hair over her shoulder and smiled down at him.  “Just sitting here thinking.  I love this place.  It's my favorite spot.”  
He climbed up and sat down behind her, pulling her back against his chest.  He loved the way she seemed to fit perfectly against his body.  With her head lying back against his shoulder, he could hear the gentle thrum of their matching heartbeats above the contented rumble of his wolf.  Hers was practically purring from the contact.  He buried his nose in her hair, inhaling her unique fragrance; she smelled of lilac shampoo, vanilla soap and sun warmed honey.  With a sigh he hugged her gently.  “You aren't wearing any sunscreen.”  
His statement startled her.  Leaning forward a bit she turned and looked at him, “Sunscreen? Seriously?”
He nodded, his gaze traveled over her features and rested on her lips - those lips that enchanted and mesmerized him.  Tearing his vision back up to her eyes, he barely resisted the urge to fall into them again.  He nodded again.  “Yes, seriously.  You need to be careful to not burn, beloved.  It's been proven that the sun can do major damage to skin, even to those with unusually high tolerance to harm.”  
She laughed, a light musical sound that lifted his heart.  “Always the doctor,” she chortled.
“Well I am who I am,” he stated dryly, then nuzzled her ear.  “Do you think you could stand being mated to me?”
She stiffened.  “I could stand it, but the question is, will we be allowed? It all depends on what the council says.”  
The growl deepened and he barely was able to keep his tone even.  “I couldn't give a rip what the council says.  You are my mate and nobody is going to take you away from me.  Carson, I know we just met last night and granted, it wasn't exactly the best of circumstances, and even with me fighting it at first...”  He sighed softly realizing he was rambling.  “Baby, you are a part of me already.  I can feel you in my soul.  It's like I was just going through the motions until our eyes met.  Now I'm really alive and breathing for the first time.”  The beast inside nodded and growled softly.  “Besides, I doubt even the Council would go against nature.  It's natural for wolves to find their one true mate.  It goes against everything we are to force a wolf to mate with someone who isn't the right one.  Perhaps at one time the run was necessary, for example when one wolf died or couldn't find their mate, but that time is long past.  If they try to go through with it, they will alienate every wolf in the known world.  Even our illustrious council isn't that stupid.”  
Her lip trembled slightly as she nodded but her heart felt heavy as it thudded in her chest.  “But, what if they decide that I can't...  that we can't,” she couldn't even finish the thought, the words sticking in her throat.  
“Not going to happen,” he whispered against her hair.  “You are MINE.  And if they truly are that stupid to try and force you to do another run, we will leave.  I meant it, Carson.  Never again will another male even look at you in that way.”  
Chase pulled her back against him firmly again and kissed her head, one finger gently pushing a loose strand of midnight black hair behind her ear.  He inhaled her fragrance, closing his eyes and felt her warmth in the protective cocoon of his arms.  In less than twenty four hours he had gone from being a confirmed bachelor and being married only to his work to being utterly lost without her.  It was a sobering thought.  
I told you so.  
Ignoring the silly beast, he slipped one finger under her chin and tilted her face towards him, lowering his until the gentle whisper of her breath bathed his chin.  Gently his lips  touched hers and the electricity coursed over them both.  What started out as a chaste kiss immediately deepened into something more.  Her lips parted slightly and he flicked his tongue along the silent invitation.  Curling his arm tightly around her, he held her against him as their tongues danced together.  It took all his power to pull away from her leaving them both gasping for breath.  He groaned softly.  Every part of him was acutely aware of her.  Painfully aware.  
She looked exquisite with the early afternoon sun bathing her face, causing her skin to glow.  His eyes traveled down her face to the exposed column of her neck.  He could see where her pulse throbbed in the junction of her shoulder, the very spot that she would bear his bite mark.  His animal whimpered and clawed to be freed.  He wanted to claim her, right here and right now.  Gritting his teeth, a fine bead of sweat broke out on his brow as he fought the instinctive urges to assert his rights and bite her, mark her, to taste the flow of her blood and complete the bonding.  Whimpers turned into growls then snarls.  He wanted out.  NOW.  Chase, the human, knew that they couldn't go further, couldn't give into the urges, but the wolf didn't care.  Carson was a dreamer and that meant she had to wait until bonded or risk tainting her abilities.  The wolf inside just wanted his mate.
“Carson!  Doctor Chase!”
He was saved by a shout echoing over the lake.  Tearing his eyes from her neck he forced his wolf down.  Soon buddy.  Just hold on.  She's ours and nobody is taking her away.  He tried to soothe the beast.  Several seconds passed before his animal backed down, reluctantly, and he could again breathe.
They looked up as a small figure ran onto the beach from the woods, blond hair streaming in the wind.  It took just a moment to recognize Gemma as she stopped a few feet away and motioned to them.  “You're being summoned.  The council has made a decision.”  
A soft whimper that pulled his wolf into full protective attention slipped from Carson's lips.  He looked down at her and saw the fear in those beautiful deep emerald eyes.  She drew her bottom lip into her teeth and began chew and worry it.  He pulled it out with his thumb then kissed it tenderly, standing up, he pulled her up against him and then locked his hand in hers, squeezing gently.  Softly he whispered against her neck, “Be brave, love.  Everything is going to be fine.  I promise you, it's going to be just fine.”  Turning to Gemma he nodded.  “Let's go.”  
.-~*~-.
The soft murmur that filled the pack room hushed as the door opened and Carson entered, Chase at her side and a steady flow of pack pressed in behind.  All eyes followed them as they made their way to the middle of the room, then stopped before the five members of the council.  Jeff saw their linked hands tighten slightly and Chase took a step forward, partially shielding her from the stares of the council.  As the alpha of the pack, he was in tune with the energy of his people and Chase was on edge, his eyes sweeping the room for danger to his mate.  It was painfully obvious that this man would protect his daughter regardless of the danger, no matter what.  She was safe with him.  A tiny portion of him relaxed at the knowledge that Chase would always be there for Carson and would defend her to the death.  
Chase's eyes returned to the seated elders at the table.  He nodded courteously to them, “Elder, Counselors,” turning to Jeff, “Alpha,” then faced the council again.
The council had convened just after breakfast behind closed doors, only allowing select people to enter individually to be questioned.  Now the back of the room was crowded and more were spilling out onto the porch.  The fate of the pack had drawn everyone.  The gentle murmur had regained volume as people jostled each other for room and speculated Carson's future.  A hush settled over the crowd as Counselor Gretchen stood.  The council had decided that in a situation as delicate as this, a tactful speaker would be better.  Carl Abernathy was none too pleased, but had acquiesced to the majority and was sitting sullenly glaring at the filling room.  Once she had everyone's attention she began to speak.
“Indulge me as I explain the reasoning behind our decision before giving the decision itself.  Daniel Hennison, brother of your alpha was lost in a horrendous accident five years ago.  Not only did you lose a fine, upstanding wolf, but the pack's beta as well.  In the years since, there has been no beta to take his place.  The stability of wolf packs requires that there is a second in command available to assist the alpha and step up in times of need.  When Daniel died, it created a hole, not only in your lives but in the life of this pack.  It was the hope of the council that the son, Cayson, would assume this position after his sixteenth birthday and be groomed by his father to eventually take over.  Alas, on the night of his birthday, young Cayson obtained a gift, the one of empathy.  It was decided that though this gift was appreciated, it would be unsuitable for a pack beta.”  
There was a soft mumble in the crowd and more than one voice rose angrily in protest while others nodded in agreement.  Manna narrowed her eyes but said nothing.  Gretchen raised her hand and waited for it to hush again before continuing.  “We are aware that many of you disagree with the council on this manner, but we decided that in a day and age where our race is constantly threatened, we cannot depend on emotions and feelings to protect our people.  If you agree or not is irrelevant and we made the decision that only by mating the daughter to a strong mate would a suitable beta be produced.  Now we are not without compassion and she was given until this year to find her life mate.  She had not done so and therefore we enacted an old tradition of a mate run as surely the strongest of males would be the one to capture her and imprint, therefore ensuring the survival of this pack.”  
There was a roar of outrage.  Shouting and grumbling replaced the silence.  The mate run was not popular among the citizens of Sapphire Lake.  Gretchen waited until calm was restored.  “That brings us to the point we are today.  As you know, the race last night ended in a manner most unexpected.”  She looked at Carson standing beside Chase, their hands clasped tightly and smiled gently.  “At the moment the race was to begin, she suddenly found her life mate which has been confirmed by the presence of mating marks.  The question at this point was who held more sway in this manner, the law of life mates or the mandates of the council.  After listening to arguments for both, the council has made its decision.”  She looked out over the crowd and then smiled back at the lovers standing there.  “To find the one that was created for you is a wondrous thing that not every wolf experiences.  We have ruled that the sacred gifts given to us by our beloved Luna are ingrained into our very DNA and as such cannot be ignored.  Carson will be allowed to forgo the mate run and be bonded with her mate.”  
A roar of applause erupted in the room.  Carson sagged against Chase in relief, tears of happiness streaming down her cheeks.  Looking up at him, she saw the same relief in his eyes as he leaned down and kissed the corner of her mouth tenderly.  “See, I told you it would work out.”  Cayson stepped forward and pounded him on the back.  Standing beside her mate, Miriah took Jeff's hand in hers, smiled and whispered.  “Thank Luna!”
Gretchen cleared her throat.  “Please if you would indulge me,” she spoke over the crowd, “only a few minutes more.”  
A hush again settled over the crowd.  Once Gretchen knew she had their attention she resumed.  “Although the matter of the girl's mating has been resolved, the original problem remains.  Sapphire Lake still does not have a beta.  After consulting with our archives we discovered an obscure incident with another pack, centuries ago, that had a similar problem.  They had no beta and only two ineligible daughters of the alpha's bloodline.  A beta was chosen by the council and waited for the mating of the daughters.  Whichever one first gave birth to a son, the bloodline was continued through the pup upon reaching age.  However, the mate of that time was a warrior and able to take the position until the pup matured.  In this situation we have an ineligible mate as well.”  She held up her hand again and waited for the muttering to die down.  “Dr. Chase Blackston is a fine upstanding wolf.  This very council is the ones who sent him here to you to help your resident healer.  However, we feel that leading a pack would compromise those values that make him such a wonderful healer and we do not wish to cause discomfort in any of our people.  Therefore, we have decided to use the previous incident as a blue print and have made a decision.  After consulting with Jeff and others, it's the decision of this council to appoint William Thistle as beta.”  
A collective gasp filled the room.  Will stood up and stuffed his hands in his pockets and nodded at the well wishes from the rest of the pack.  “Daddy!” Amanda ran over and hugged him, a huge grin on her face.  
The elder Thistle was an older male version of his daughters with blond hair, blue eyes and an easy smile that lit up his entire face.  He was a good wolf, loyal, unassuming but still firm.  He even had enough grace to look uncomfortable from all the attention.  Amanda beamed and looked around the room.   Her eyes fell on Cayson still standing behind Chase and all the color drained from her face.  Taking a step closer to her father, she averted her gaze.  Cayson shook his head sadly and turned around stalking out of the room.
There was so much confusion and hurried whispers, no one noticed when another figure slipped from the room as well.  Unlike Cayson, it wasn't sadness that sent him away.  There was pure, unfiltered hate coupled with rage on his face.  Rage hot enough to blister paint.
.-~*~-.
That night, another bonfire was lit and tables once again groaned under a mountain of food heaped upon them.  Music blared from speakers and Sapphire Lake Pack celebrated Carson and Chase's new-found love along with Will's appointment as beta.  Everyone was there; even the unmated wolves that had stuck around after the council meeting joined in the festivities.  The ruined run was not a total failure, however, as two new matings had formed.
Rachel danced and flirted unabashedly with three of their guests on one side of the fire.  Amanda had slipped into the shadow on the other side whispering with a young male from Moon Lake.  Cayson watched over the festivities from where he was sitting keeping company with Molly and several young pups.  When a skirmish broke out between two of the visitors over sixteen year old Janet Dawdle, Cayson was there in a flash, laying a hand on each of the boy's shoulders and drawing their anger away.  Winking to Janet, he nudged them both towards the food table and encouraged them to get her a plate of food and something to drink, which they did happily.  From her position in Chase's arms, Carson watched her brother with a smile on her lips.  
“He really is amazing,” Chase murmured in her ear.  
She nodded.  “And they say his gift is weak.”  
Chase snorted softly.  “It takes more strength to calm a wolf than it does to incite him.  If he can do that to anyone, I'd say that is the strongest gift of all.”  
“He can,” she whispered then turned in his arms and looked up into those fathomless twin pools of creamy chocolate.  “Have I ever told you that your eyes are like endless pools of milk chocolate?  I feel like I could drown in them.”  
He lowered his face and gently brushed against the corner of her lips, tasting them tenderly.  “Jump in whenever you want, love.  I'm already lost in yours,” he murmured against her lips.  Her eyes closed and she molded herself against him, fingers slipping around his neck and into the thick hair that barely kissed his shoulder.  His hand splayed over her back and held her tightly to him, deepening the kiss.  Inside their wolves reached out to each other.  Once again his beast reminded him that she wasn’t yet blood bonded and there were a lot of unmated males roaming about.  Secretly, he agreed and wished they could go ahead and get the bonding over with.  It chafed him as much as his animal and he pulled her tighter into his embrace.  “Mine,” he whispered huskily.
“WooHoo!  Get you some, Doc!”
Carson felt her cheeks burn a deep crimson and hid her face against his chest.  He chuckled softly and kissed the top of her head.  “If you bunch don't find something else to do, I'm sure I can find a few dirty bedpans that needs cleaning,” he shouted over her head, his arms never leaving her.  The small crowd scattered and he pulled her away slightly looking down at her and running one thumb over her jaw.  “I see your mother trying to catch your attention.  Let's go see what she wants before I give in to my beast and drag you off to some secluded corner and finish our bonding.”  
Carson nodded and pulled out of his embrace.  Immediately, he caught her hand in his, knotting his lean fingers with hers.  His right arm curled around the narrow width of her waist and rested gently on her hip.  It was painfully obvious to any that may look how protective of her he was.  She leaned her head against his chest, inhaling his scent as they strolled together across the clearing.
On the other side, hidden in the thick shadows of the trees, another pair of eyes followed the newly mated couple.  Those eyes were glowing deadly amber as he watched them walk away.  The predator's lip pulled back from his mouth, gums aching for the burst of fangs and the taste of blood.  A growl rumbled low in his chest.
“Jealous much?”
The question was just a touch louder than a whisper.  He stiffened, testing the wind for a scent before deciding the newcomer was downwind.  Slowly turning his head to look over his shoulders, his eyes flickered a moment.  “Oh it's you.  I thought you would have left with the rest of the council.”  
“I'll be leaving soon.  I wanted to see how you were faring given the circumstances.”  
He snorted.  “How do you think I’m faring?  This ruins everything.  All the plans are gone, destroyed.”  
He turned his back to the bonfire and faced the shadow head on.  “How did this happen? You promised me that Carson would be mine, that the beta and eventually alpha positions would be mine.  You swore you had the rest of the council eating out of your hand.  All I had to do was catch and imprint her.”  His hands made fists, sinking his nails into his palms.  He ignored the slow drip of blood as it splattered on the leaves under foot.
“There was always a chance, even with the run, that you wouldn’t succeed.”  
“That’s bull and you know it.  There was no question that I would win.  And even had I not won, I would have still succeeded.  I don't care if I had to kill every male that came close.  The race should have been forced.”  
“Things change.  I argued very hard to continue the race.  I explained to them that the view of the council should take precedence over everything else.  I argued that once the will of the council was disregarded, nobody would listen to us.  But, I was outvoted.”  A deep breath like a low hiss sounded from the center of the shadow.  “But this isn't over yet.  Rest assured that Jeff Hennison will pay.  This pack will pay.  You'll look like a bloody savior when this is over.”  The voice was thick with hatred.  “We move on to 'Plan B'.”  
The shadow moved and a pouch was thrust into his hand.  He closed his fingers around it with a nod.  He turned his head back and looked to where Carson and Chase were speaking with Jeff and Miriah.  The soft laughter carried on the breeze to where he was standing, his arm protectively around her waist, her hand gently laid on his thigh.  The predator seethed with jealousy.  “You may want to start looking for another healer as well.  We're going to need one,” he growled.  Even without looking back, he knew he was once again alone.  It didn't matter.  When the time was right, everything would be corrected.
Everything.

CHAPTER 9

The bonding ceremony was set for the first full moon of autumn.  Despite her mother's best efforts trying to get Carson interested in food, clothing and any one of the thousand little details that went into a ceremony, she still managed to sneak away to the healer's hall at every chance.  She spent long hours with Chase working with him in his craft or on the hall itself.  She organized a party of several of the younger adults to come repaint the walls while another group planted flowers around the wide porch.  The rickety little desk in the tiny office was removed and shelves installed making it into a storage room (that's what it had originally been at one time) and a new, larger office was almost completed in the back of the hall.  The two room addition measuring twelve foot wide and sixteen foot long would contain a small kitchenette and something the main hall didn't have - windows to let in the breeze during the sweltering late summer heat.  
“Hey Doc! The computer's here.”  
Chase looked up from the discussion on whether or not a second door was needed in his new office as a young man walked in carrying a large box.  “Oh, put it right there on the floor.  I'll get it hooked up in a bit.”  
Carson rolled her eyes.  “You know that he is our resident technology guru, Chase.  Let him do his job.”  She pointed behind her.  “His office, Leo.  Just move the stuff off the desk and do your thing.”  Then stepping up placed a small box on top of the larger one.  “That’s the new software.”  She mumbled.  “When you get it installed take the boxes with you and all the disks.”  
A pair of arms snaked around her waist and a pair of lips pressed to the hollow where her throat and shoulder met.  “It was only one time,” he mumbled.
She laughed.  “And had Leo not accidentally taken the disks out of the boxes, we would be buying all that software again.  You're lucky you didn't burn your cabin down.  As it is, almost losing  the stove was bad enough – not to mention all the smoke cleaning we had to do”
He growled softly then nipped her shoulder.  “How was I supposed to know you had just used the eye and it was still warm?  Besides, I blame you.  That halter top should be outlawed.  You stretched and I completely forgot about the boxes I was holding.  Next time don't distract me when I am putting things away.  Oh and I mean it, by the way, I don't want you wearing anything that skimpy out in public.  It was all I could do to keep from claiming you before the bonding.”  
She stepped out of his arms and crossed her heart, holding two fingers up.  “Scouts honor.  Halter tops are a no-no,” she grinned at him impishly.
“You weren't a girl scout,” he growled at her.
“So?”  She smirked at him.  “I love you.”  She kissed him sweetly.
“And I love you too,” he replied and nuzzled her tenderly before popping her butt with his hand.  “Naughty girl,” he murmured against her skin.
She grinned mischievously.  “Doctor Blackston, you haven't seen naughty yet.”  
His wolf sat up inside and took notice.  “Oh really?”
She started to give him excruciating detail on just how naughty, when the hall door slammed open and one of the younger teens ran in.  “Doc Chase!!”
He stood up and swung around.  “Denver? What's wrong?” He noticed how ashen her face was and was reaching for his medical bag even before he got an answer.
“Micah told me to find you.  There's a girl.  She's really hurt bad.  Hurry please!!”
“Show me,” he pointed towards the door and hurried after the girl.  Carson was hot on his heels.
Denver led them through the compound to the back side of the storage building and plunged into the woods.  As was normal for her, every sound ceased as Carson invaded the sanctuary of bird, insect and beast.  It used to bother her – the way animals quieted whenever she was nearby, but now it barely even registered.  Manna once told her it was nature's way of paying homage to her as a dreamer.  Since it didn't seem to happen to all of the other dreamers, she didn't know if she believed it or not.
Chase's long legs ate up the distance while Carson had to almost run to keep up.  Denver was babbling and Carson couldn't make heads or tails about anything.  She said something about lots of blood and being attacked, but the words ran together into a mixed up jumble.  They hurried through the thick woods until she could detect the scents of Micah, Butch, Ellis and her father.  There was another smell; unfamiliar, wrapped in the tangy metallic of blood.  Human.  Her wolf categorized it quickly.  Chase caught the scent at the same time and put his hand back.  “Stay back,” he whispered to her.  She shook her head and followed him anyway.  He palmed his face, stubborn woman, but didn't try to force the issue.
The trees thinned into a small clearing roughly twenty feet in diameter with a pile of boulders stacked haphazardly in the middle.  This was Make-out Hill, which explained the small group of teens standing nearby.  Stepping around the last tree, Carson saw her father kneeling alongside Butch and Ellis next to a small lump partially hidden by the waist high grass.  Looking up, she saw Micah paroling just inside the woods on the other side, his eyes wary, his ears tuned for any danger.  Denver pointed towards the group but wouldn't go any closer.  Instead she moved over to the boulders with the other teens whispering softly, their faces pasty and their hands trembling.  
She sighed.  “I'm going to walk them back,” she said as Chase reached the still lump on the ground.  “They don't need to stay here.”  
“Ellis can.  I think we may need you.”  Her father's tone was soft, almost too soft for even her sharp ears to hear.  “Find Cayson and bring him back,” he looked at Ellis, “and hurry.”  
Ellis nodded and motioned for the teens to follow him; meanwhile Carson made it the rest of the way to the where the men stood.  Chase had dropped to a knee and was pulling instruments out of his bag.  Tossing a lightweight aluminum blanket package at Butch, he grunted.  “Open it and cover her up.  She's in shock.”  Humans are so fragile.
Carson's hand covered her lips as a gasp escaped.  How he could even tell how the bloody lump on the ground was still alive escaped her.  To put it simply, she looked as though she had been mauled.  Long bloody slashes covered her torso and she could see the muscle under the shredded skin.  One arm was twisted under her back, and one eye was swollen shut.  A long jagged slash opening her face to the bone arched from just below her right side hairline across the bridge of her nose, down her left cheek and ending just below her left ear.  It had missed both of her eyes, a fact that was nothing short of a miracle.  Tatters of cloth hung to her frame, covering nothing.  Under the copious amounts of blood, one could see the soft curves of a female, definitely a human.  Wolf metabolism burned off any fat insuring them to always have lean muscular bodies.  This girl had full breasts, wide hips and just enough padding to insure she was soft all over.  Carson watched in horror as a small bubble, red with blood, expanded from the corner of her cracked and bleeding lips.
“Carson!”
She jumped and blinked, tearing her eyes from the girl's mutilated face to her father.  “Huh?”
Chase reached her hand and squeezed it.  “Baby, focus, I need you to see if you can dream for her.  With her being human, I don't know if it would work or not, but I need you to see if it's possible.  If you can, find out who she is, where she came from and what happened to her.  Most of all, try to see if you can keep her calm, just hold her in this world until I can get her stabilized.”  
“That's more like what Cay does, I don't think...”  
Chase's tone was tight.  “Cay isn't here.  Just do what you can.”  
Carson nodded numbly and dropped to her knees by the girls' head.  Closing her eyes, she held her power in and gently touched the girl's arm.  The girl's skin felt clammy and a soft groan left her lips.  Carson flinched and tried to not press too hard and cause the poor girl more discomfort.  Gently, she allowed just a thread of her power to flow out of the hand and into the girl, sinking into her stream and opening herself up to the dream.
At first the images were fuzzy and unfocused.  There were sounds and smells, emotions, but nothing that she could grab on to.  Letting just a bit more of her power out she tenderly probed, listening for anything that may shed a light on what had happened to her.  Shutting out Chase, Jeff, and the world that they were standing in, she listened with her heart, letting it guide her.  She caught emotions – joy over a baby being born.  She felt the gentle strength of a man's arms around her as she cuddled the newborn against her breast.  She frowned, unable to discern if she was in the past or future stream.  Nudging slightly she sent tendrils into the scene, unable to clearly see anything; the white fog remained shrouding everything.  There were shadows that moved in the mist but there was nothing she could focus on.  Willing the stream to move she waited as more dim images played themselves in her mind.  Shadows moved.  Shapes changed, expanded and left.  But still there was nothing solid or concrete.  Carson frowned.  Perhaps she couldn't dream a human after all.
She caught a tendril of thought slip into the dream with her.  “Who are you?”
It was so faint, she thought for a moment that surely she had imagined it.  The thought pressed again, this time laced with reds and white of pain; it was obviously in distress.  It almost hissed at her, “Who are you?” She was so shocked she almost pulled her hands away and ended the dream.  Very rarely could anyone ascertain when a dreamer walked through their stream.  
“I'm Carson.  I'm a dreamer.  I was trying to find out what happened to you and where you came from.  We found you on our lands.”  
The thought paused a moment.  “Is this real?” It was soft and unsure and very faint.
She sent confidence and assurance through the connection.  “Yes, it's real.  My people are...  different, and I'm more different than most of them.  What is your name?”
The thought was so quiet she was afraid it had disappeared completely.  “Zandria,” it whispered softly.  “Am I dying?”
Carson bit her lip.  “I...  I don't know.  I was trying to find out what happened but I can't see anything in your stream.  It’s all hazy and foggy.  I don't even know if I was in your past or future.”  
“You can see my past? What did you see?”  There was a panic in her thoughts and Carson hurried to calm her.  
“I see just glimpses and yours were all foggy.  That has never happened before.”  
There was a touch of relief.  “Maybe it's because I'm blind.”  
Carson gasped.  “That's why I can't see your stream.  I have to see through your eyes in the dream.”  She hesitated a bit.  “Zandria, do you remember what happened?”
The thought pulled back as if it didn't want to remember.  “I’m tired, Carson, and I hurt so bad.  It burns and aches like fire in my entire body.  So tired...  I just want to go to sleep.”  
“No!!” Carson started to panic.  “Listen to me Zandria.  My brother, Cayson, he's coming.  He can help you.  Don't give in to the sleep.  Hold on until he gets here.  He's an empath.  Just hold on, please.”  
The connection was lost as her hands were pulled away from the girl.  She blinked, realizing her father was holding her in his arms.  Beside them, Chase started chest compressions.  She whimpered as tears slipped down her face.  “Hold on Zandria.  Please, just a few more minutes,” she whispered.  She heard footsteps approaching.  “CAYSON! HURRY!!” she screamed.
In the space of a few seconds, her brother burst into the clearing, eyes falling to his sister and father sitting on the ground next to a form streaked with red.  Chase was on his knees doing CPR.  “Hurry Cay.  Don't let her die,” Carson sobbed.
He slid to a stop and knelt beside his family, steeled himself and touched her bracing for the worse and let his shield down.  The agony that slammed into him almost knocked him flat.  White hot pain burned through her along with sadness, fear and uncertainty.  She was so weak, he could barely detect her spirit.  Letting his instincts take over, he gritted his teeth and pulled, drawing the pain from her, storing it deep in his own belly to be dealt with later.  Quickly, he pushed his own strength into her, filling the void with it, willing it to fill her heart, her mind.  He cajoled her faint spirit to fight,  to not give up.  Pushing with everything he had, he fed her with his strength.  Then he hunted until he found another center of pain and drew from it, siphoning as much as he could and shoving it into the pit of his stomach before again pushing his own energy into her.  He began to feel light headed as the pain fought its prison and bright pinpoints of light flashed behind his eyelids.  Gritting his teeth, sweat popped up on his forehead as he fought against the desire to give into it and surrender.  He continued this pull of pain and push of strength until the majority of her pain was stored safely in the prison in his belly.  Coughing, he drew a ragged breath, moaning as it screamed and fought to get free.  He felt hands on his wrists and opened his eyes looking into the eyes of his twin.
“It's okay.  You can let go now.  You can stop.  She's breathing on her own.  We need to get her to the hall.”  She whispered to him.  “Cay?  It's okay.  Just let go.”  
Tears rolled down his face as he sat back on his butt and took several ragged breaths.  His hands shook as he looked around and saw the stunned looks on everyone's faces.  He wiped his brow hissing as he felt the sting of angry red welts across his beautiful face.  There were more crisscrossing his chest and arms.  Gulping a great lungful of breath, he nodded slowly and back away so that they could load the girl on the gurney.  Getting to his knees he tried to rise up only to collapse again.  Twisting to the right he vomited, losing everything that was in his stomach.  They watched in amazement as the places where his hand touched the ground, twin circles of black slowly spread until they intersected.  Carson stood and jumped back, watching the diseased spheres spread until they finally stopped several feet from where he knelt.  Rolling away onto his back again, he threw one arm over his eyes, every muscle in his body shaking as cold sweat rolled off his body.  
“Holy Hannah, Cay.  I didn't know you could do that.”  Carson whispered in awe as she knelt by her brother and gently touched his still burning skin.  He groaned from the light caress, too tender for even this.  
“Neither did I,” he replied hoarsely.
It took almost a half hour before Cayson could stand again and another twenty minutes to make their way back to the compound.  By the time they made it to the grounds, the sun had set and clouds were rolling in bringing with them the flash of lightening and the promise of storms.  Carson helped her brother to the healer hall and deposited him on a bed.  Pulling the covers up around him she kissed his cheek.  “Get some rest.  I'm going to go check on Chase and Zandria.”  
If he heard her, she didn't know.  As she pulled the curtain closed, he was already softly snoring.
.-~*~-.
“Frankly, Jeff, I'm shocked as hell that she's still alive.  There was so much blood loss, even as I started CPR I knew it was a wasted effort.  There is no reason for her to still be alive.  I'm totally stumped.  Relieved, but still stumped.”  Chase sat across from his alpha, sipping a mug of Molly's special chilled spiced cider aka 'Heaven in a Cup'.  The weather had turned bad the evening that Zandria had been found and though it had blown itself out the next day, the air had turned marginally cooler.  Though it was cool this morning, the forecast called for another scorcher by this evening.  One of the great things about the South.  If you don't like the weather, wait fifteen minutes.
“Are you sure she's human?” Jeff steeped his fingers together, looking of them.  Beside him, Will listened carefully.
He put the mug on a coaster on the polished surface of the desk.  “There's no indication she's anything but.  Our DNA and human DNA is almost identical, organs the same and unless you knew what to look for, you wouldn't think we were any different; well, aside from the whole turning furry, howling at the moon, running through the woods in our birthday suits thing.”  
Jeff chuckled and shook his head.  “Has she said anything? Does she know what attacked her? A bear or dog?” He hoped it had been a dog.  If it was a wolf, that meant they had a rogue as there were no more wild ones in this part of the country.  When they had taken over this territory several centuries ago, the local feral population moved on.  “Please let it be a dog,” he mumbled.
Chase stared at the mug steaming on the desk.  “Not yet.  She's awake and seems to be in pretty good shape, considering what she's been through.  I've tried to talk to her, Molly's talked to her.  Even Carson has, but she won't respond beyond answering simple medical questions.  She won't say where she's from, where she was going or anything about her personal life.  I've run several tests; hearing, reflexes and found them to be normal.  She has diminished vision in both eyes, just as Carson said, but otherwise is healthy as an ox.”  
Jeff pursed his lips a moment.  “And Cay?”
“I'm amazed.  I've never had any personal contact with an empath before, but what he could do...  Best I can tell, he actually pulled her pain out and gave her his own strength.  I can't explain how he did it, but I know without a doubt, your son saved that girl's life.”  
Jeff stood and  moved around to the  side of his desk, propping against it and staring out the window.  “How is he now?”
Chase smiled.  “He's right as rain.  Slept like a log for twenty two hours straight then woke up like nothing ever happened.  You know all those marks on his body that looked like hers?  Gone.  Every one of them.  And what gets me is hers are almost healed.  If I didn't know better, I'd think she was a wolf – either that or whatever it was he did, he healed her.  Damdest thing I've ever seen.  I can't explain that either and from talking to him, neither can he.”  He stopped a moment.  “Oh and one other thing, considering the fact she's in the middle of a pack of wolves, I thought it best to tell Zandria about us.  She showed no surprise at all, just took the news that werewolves were real as easily as telling her the wall was white.”  
Jeff took a deep breath and let it out slowly.  “A bit of an enigma then.”  He resumed staring out the window.  “What do you think, Will?”
His beta scrubbed his chin with his hand.  “I think there's something going on with that girl.  I don't know what it is, but there's definitely something hinky going on.”  
Jeff nodded and turned his gaze back to Chase.  “Keep an eye on her and let me know if anything changes.  Is there anything else going on?”
“One sprained wrist, a cut toe and two cases of poison ivy in a very intimate place,” Chase laughed softly.  “I've told those pups a thousand times to not be peeing on everything in sight while in human form.  Maybe now they'll listen.”  
There was a knock on the door then it cracked open.  “Sorry for interrupting, but I think you  may want to see this,” Miriah motioned for them.
“Is something wrong?” Chase stood and started for the door.
“No, nothing's wrong, just be really quiet.”  She put her finger over her lips and opened the door wider.  Jeff's brow wrinkled in confusion, but he followed along behind his mate, Chase and Will bringing up the rear.  As they walked across the compound towards the healer's hall, Jeff noticed several members of the pack had stopped dead in their tracks, looking towards the hall their heads cocked in a listening stance and more were joining them.  There was a lovely sound wafting on the breeze.
“What is that?” Chase whispered.
“Shhh,” she pointed towards the hall.
The pots of begonias dotting the porch waved gently in the breeze and in one corner, a large palm stood sentry over the four new rockers.  Three of them were empty, but the forth, tucked under the palm, contained Zandria.  
She was singing.
The song that lifted on the breeze was beyond beautiful.  Slow and sorrowful, it flowed over the compound, slipped through the air and caressed the pack as they stood in rapt awe.  Softly she sang, the words unrecognizable, but the melody called to them.  It reached out to them, drawing them into it until they felt it reach into their chests and tug at their hearts.  They all stood in rapt awe as she continued.  After several moments, it finally ended and there was a collective sigh from the assembled.
“She sings?” Will whispered softly.
“Like an angel,” Miriah agreed.  
Slowly the normal hustle and bustle sounds of the compound resumed and people took up whatever they were doing when the impromptu concert began.  Everyone that is except one person.  Miriah nudged her mate and pointed to the corner closest to them.  Cayson stood there, a look of pure adoration on his face staring at the songstress, a bag of compost split open and forgotten at his feet.  His eyes were fastened on her and he leaned towards her.  “I think he's finally over Amanda,” Miriah whispered.

CHAPTER 10

Weeks later, summer reasserted itself in the Shenandoah valley, baking the earth into hard patches of natural heaters that drained the energy and left everyone panting for relief.  The young moped about listlessly, their games forgotten in favor of searching for a bit of shade.  On healer's hall front porch, Molly sat slowly rocking waving a fan, watching her fellow pack mates wandering aimlessly.  Shading her eyes against the dazzling glare, she recognized Cayson as he made his way across the commons and up the steps.  “Morning, Molly,” he mumbled.  “Do you know if Carson is in there?”
She shook her head and pointed to the empty chair next to her.  “Nope, she and Chase went to town for some shopping.  Come on and sit yourself down.”  
He dropped into the chair causing the wood to groan.  “Ah, crap.  I really need to talk to her and get some advice.”  He sighed and leaned back, stretching one lean leg out in front, crossing his fingers and resting them on his stomach.
“Well, now, I'm no Carson, but maybe I can help?  I know I'm not as young as I used to be but I'm pretty sure I can remember enough about being young to at least give some advice,” she replied.
“It's about, um...,” he balked.
“Zandria?,” Molly finished.  “Not like I ain't seen you watching her.”  
He nodded.  “Yeah, about that.  Molly, you've been around a long time.”  He winced but she didn't seem to be phased by his faux-pas.  “Um, anyway.  I was wondering.  Why she doesn't talk but can sing.”  
“Sings pretty too don't she?”  Molly chuckled.
He grinned and nodded.  “I hear her sometimes at the bakery when she's helping Ms.  Aubrey and it's like listening to heaven.  I just lose all track of time.”  
She nodded and smacked at a buzzing fly with her fan.  “And?”
He blew his breath out.  “I don't know what to do.  I know wolves and humans can't be  mates, but I was hoping that maybe I could just, uh,”  he grimaced, “maybe be her friend.”  
There was a squeal and Molly snapped her attention to the commons.  “Dylan, quit teasing Anna with that bug right this minute!”  She stood up and shook her cane at him.  “If you don't, I'm gonna drag you home by your ear and let you explain to your momma why.”  She chuckled as he dropped the beetle and ran off in the opposite direction.
“Thank you Molly!”  Anna ran up the porch and hugged her tightly.  
“Fine, fine.  How about a lime lollypop?  Would that fix everything?”  She laughed when the girl nodded, a huge grin on her face.  Molly stepped aside.  “On my table and only one.  While you're at it, go ahead and get one for each of the other pups too.”  
She squealed and disappeared into the hall.  A moment later she shot out the door and off the porch with several green lollypops clutched in her fist.  Molly watched her hand them out before pulling the cellophane off one and sticking it in her mouth.  
“No running with them suckers in your mouths!”  Molly shook her head and sat back in the rocker.  “Now where were we?  Oh yeah, our little human; you want to be a friend but ...?”
He sighed.  “But she won't talk and when she sees me, she runs the other way.  She hates me.”  
“Now why do you think that?  You're a nice, handsome young wolf.  I'm betting she's just a bit shy.”  
“I'm a freak, that's what I am.  Between that whole thing with being some sort of crazed Amanda stalker and feeling every stupid emotion from every single person all the time, it's no wonder she runs away.  I know I'll probably never find a mate, but I was hoping maybe a really good friend would be just as good.”  He repositioned himself in the chair and tipped his head back staring up at the porch ceiling.  “I think I'm just destined to be alone.”  
Molly tutted and  reached out touching his hand with her gnarled one.  “Nature didn't intend for us to be alone, Cayson.  There's a mate out there for everyone and that includes you.  Maybe if you quit trying to force it so hard, it'll just come to you.  But friendship?  Well that's different.  Friends take a little work and perseverance.  You can't just sit back and wait for that to happen.  You have to take the step and go after it yourself.“
He thought about what she said.  Yeah, she was right and he knew it.  But how?  He shifted uncomfortably again, thinking about the pretty blonde that never ceased to catch his attention.  Even now, he could envision her lovely round face, with the long fair lashes that framed  her pale blue eyes.  She had a sweet little nose perched just above a set of perfect lips.  He remembered the faint scars that still sat upon her features but they didn't distract from her.  He sighed.  He couldn't even start to think about her body and the way those soft curves called to him, begging to be stroked.  He shook his head angrily.  Maybe Amanda was right.  He must be some sort of freak the way he mooned over a girl he barely even knew.
Molly leaned over and whispered conspiratorially.  “You know she's probably elbow deep in bread dough right about now.”  
He startled.  He had been so lost in thought, he forgot about the healer sitting there watching him expectantly.  Indecision warred with him a moment before he gave in.  “Thanks a lot, Molly.  I really appreciate your advice.  I'll keep it in mind.”  Hopping up from the chair, he dusted his jeans off then jumped from the porch.  Shoving his fingers into his pockets, he sauntered off towards home, only glancing a moment at the bakery as he passed.
.-~*~-.
Rocky Bluff, Virginia was a tiny town with a population of less than 1000 humans and the best thing the Sapphire Lake had for shopping not counting the city of Roanoke another hour away.  The roads were narrow, lined on both sides with boutiques, shops and quaint cafes separated by sidewalks made of  hand chiseled paving stones from the town's founding in the early 1800s.  Each of the locally owned businesses possessed character as individual as the owners who ran them.  
Chase handed Carson a waffle cone packed with hand churned vanilla ice cream covered  in a healthy dollop of warm caramel and topped with a mountain of whipped cream.  She took it while he paid the vendor then picked up the bags and resumed walking down sidewalk towards the little dress shop that was one of her favorites.  They shared the cold confection, making short work of it in the sweltering heat until there was little left but a soggy bit of cone filled with melted cream.  They stopped outside the entrance of  a door with In Her Dreams hand painted on the rose tinted glass.  “This is it,” she smiled then sucked melted cream from the bottom of the cone.  
His heart skipped a beat and he groaned at her.  “You little minx.  Do you know what you are doing to me? ”
Looking straight in his eyes, she slowly extended her tongue and dragged it over the remainder of the cone before pulling it back in with a grin.  “Having problems, Dr.  Blackston?”  She lowered her voice seductively.
He narrowed his eyes and leaned in, licking her lips.  “Just please don't do that anymore.”  He growled softly and nipped her lip, running his tongue around the seam of her mouth.  His hand slipped around her hips and splayed against her back.  Even though she was wearing a light tank top and shorts, the heat coming off the pavement made rivers of sweat run down her spine.  
That heat was nothing compared to the inferno of his touch.
The cone fell to the pavement forgotten as his lips captured hers, gently nibbling on them before sucking the bottom one into his mouth.  His hand went  up under the back of her shirt causing her to shiver despite the heat.  Electricity jumped through her nerves where he stroked her skin with his fingers.  “Why Dr.  Blackston, what are you doing?” she asked throatily.  
“Tasting ice cream,” he growled back.  His lips trailed down her chin and moved around to her neck.  She locked her fingers into the muscles of his biceps, pressing herself against him.  Her head tipped back and he pulled her ponytail free, spreading her hair through his fingers.  “I love your hair down and free.  It looks like a river under the moon, full of shadows and bits of light,” he murmured against her neck.
She shivered and moaned, heat burning through her body.  Close by a door opened and she heard a voice.
“Ahem.”  
He sighed and dropped his hands, taking a step back, he turned to face the door.  A plump little middle aged woman stood in the doorway with a smile on her face.
“Carson.  How have you been? Why, honey, you haven't been here in ages!”  She looked Chase over and raised her eyebrow.  “And who is this tall succulent hunk of male flesh nibbling on your face?”
She turned a bright pink.  “Mrs.  Patterson, this is my fiancé, Dr.  Chase Blackston.”  
She smiled brightly and held out her hand shaking his firmly.  “Fiancé?  Oh my gracious sweetie, congratulations!”  She let his go and grabbed Carson's pulling her inside the shop.  “Come in.  Come in.  Land's sake it's a hundred degrees out there, I'm surprised I don't have to mop you up with a rag.”  
She pulled them inside and to a pair of overstuffed chairs  sitting in the corner near the dressing room.  “Sit.  I'll get you something cold.  Soda?  Ice tea?  How about some ice cream?”
They looked at each other and burst into laughs.  “No ice cream, please.  That's what started what you just stopped.”  His eyes sparkled with humor.  “Ice tea would be great please.”  
“Same for me.”  Carson waited for him to sit then slid into his lap, setting her shopping bags on the floor.  Mrs.  Patterson returned with the drinks then settled herself into the second chair.  “Now what brings you here on such a miserable day?”
Carson smiled softly at her.  “I'm looking for a dress,” she looked in Chase's eyes a moment.  “A very special dress.”  
Mrs.  Patterson reached over and patted her knee.  “I believe I can help you out with that.  When is the ceremony?  What colors are you using?  Outside or inside?  Tell me everything.”  
Two hours later, they left the shop with another bag.  “The dress is perfect.  I knew she would have what I wanted.”  Carson gushed.  
“I'm glad you found what you wanted.  Personally, I don't care what you wear – you won't be wearing it long.”  
The sun had begun its descent and a weak breeze wound its way through the roads.  They made their way back to the public parking lot to Chase's pickup truck where he opened the door for her.  “Your chariot, my lady.”  
She rose on her tiptoes and pressed a kiss to his lips.  “Thank you Sir Knight,” she responded, then tucked the bags into the second seat, carefully hanged the dress bag on the hook.  Satisfied it was safe, she climbed in and buckled her seat belt.
Closing the door, he went around and climbed in.  Quickly, he buckled himself in, cranked the truck and pulled back onto the road towards home.  They were only on the road a few minutes when he glanced over at her and saw she was curled up against the seat, eyes closed and breathing deep.  It was only late afternoon but they had been shopping all day and she was clearly exhausted from the intolerable heat wave that had gripped the area.  It was miserable and he thought about the pups back at the compound looking so drained.  Well, he couldn't do anything about the heat but maybe he could do something about how they handled it.  Slowing down, he turned into the parking lot of the department store on the outskirts of town and parked.  Carson was still asleep so he left the truck running with the air on and slipped out, locking it behind him.  Ten minutes he returned, tossing the box into the bed of the truck and climbed into the seat.
“A swimming pool?”
He saw she was awake and was looking at the box in the truck bed.
He coughed.  “Well I thought about the kids...,” he started.
She unbuckled her seat belt and scooted over next to him, turning his face to hers and kissed him.  “One of the many things I love about you is you are always thinking about others.”  
“Just one of the things?  How about a list?”  He grinned at her  “Or better yet, just show me.”  His eyebrows wiggled suggestively.  
She smirked.  “In thirty seven days, I'll show you in painfully excruciating detail just exactly how much I love you.”  She reached over and dragged one nail over his knee.
He groaned.  “I'm adding that to the 'not before we bond' list; no halter tops, no sucking ice cream cones and no suggestive comments.  Thirty seven days?  I'm not going to make it.”  
She chuckled and moved back refastening her belt.  “Sure you will.  There's no way that we waited all this time just to die before we can get our freak on.”  
He looked at her quizzically.  “Get our freak on.  That sounds so...  “
“Nasty?” she provided helpfully.
“Exactly.  Nasty, and you aren't nasty.”  He put the truck in gear and pulled back out into the road.
She pulled her tank top off leaving her wearing just shorts and sports bra.  “I can be nasty,” she whispered huskily.  Slowly she ran a finger over her lips and slid it into her mouth as she watched him through half lidded eyes.  Pulling her wet finger out she dragged it over her chin, tipping her head back and sliding it down her throat, leaving a damp trail behind.
He saw her out of the corner of his eyes.  Gritting his teeth his voice lowered to a rumble.  “Carson, put your shirt on and don't tempt my wolf.  He's about to shred my insides as it is.”  He swallowed, causing his Adam's apple to bob and looked at her with pain in his eyes.  “Please, Baby.”  
She stopped and grabbed her top, pulling it back on.  “Sorry,” she mumbled, her head lowered and a bright flush painting her cheeks.  
“It's okay, Love.  By the way, you still aren't 'nasty' but the things I want to do to you...”  He sighed heavily.  “That's completely different.”  
She gave him a brilliant smile.  “Thirty-seven days.”  
He groaned.
.-~*~-.
With the sun finally sinking behind the tree line in the west, the oppressing heat reluctantly began to dissipate.  The trees in their little valley looked parched and wilted, bowing under the weight of late summer heat.  Even the normal sunset sky above seemed to be suffering, looking bleached out and tired, the normally brilliant colors muted and dim.  
The new pool was greeted with much excitement and enthusiasm.  Chase had placed it in Cayson's hands to put together.  In less than an hour, Cayson assembled the ten foot round pool and began to fill it.  Even before it was half filled, the first pups jumped in and began to splash around.  Their happy squeals and yells pulled many of the adults out to sit and watch, smiles on their faces.  By the time the pool was declared full, it was packed with children and a couple of the more brave adults.  No sooner did he get the hose turned off and removed when several of the pup grabbed his hands and he was pulled into the midst of them.  He played with them, laughing, tickling and dunking them under the tepid water until one by one they were called home by their parents and it emptied.  When the last one disappeared, dripping water on the hard packed dirt, he climbed out and grabbed a towel, drying his hair and hanging it around his shoulders.  He chuckled.  The pool was a big hit.
Taking one last look at the commons, he noticed everything calm and the air seemed to be less heavy.  Smiling he began to whistle, making his way towards home.  Chase and Carson were sitting on the porch swing, snuggled up together, softly talking about future plans and oblivious to the rest of the world.  Cayson sighed softly looking back over the commons again, his eyes falling on Zandria's cottage.  He hadn't gotten the courage together to follow Molly's advice and talk to her.  Maybe tomorrow?  He turned back and ran up the steps mumbling a hasty greeting to them before disappearing inside.
Across the commons, the curtain fell back in place from where Zandria had been watching Cayson for most of the evening.  Even with her limited eyesight, she could pick out his form amongst the others that filled the commons.  She smiled as he took time to play with the younger ones and realized he would make a fabulous father some day.  Every time she saw him, something deep inside twisted into a knot.  Every time she felt his eyes fasten on her she could hear music.  Each time she felt the compulsion to go to him and tell him everything, that gaping black hole of misery stopped her.  She hated it and she hated herself but there wasn't anything she could do about it, no matter that she knew who and what he was.  He was a tall handsome Adonis of werewolf flesh – gorgeous, sexy and perfect.  She was short, dumpy and most of all, a freak.  Maybe if things were different, if she had met him before, then maybe...  
She felt tears burn hotly in her eyes and angrily wiped at them.  Pity was getting her nowhere and no matter how badly she may wish otherwise, circumstances remained the same.  Sliding down the wall to the floor, she closed her eyes and laid her head back against the wall.  How much longer could she keep this up?  It was exhausting to keep her defenses solid so he couldn't slip in via his empathic gifts.  Time and again, he had tried to talk to her and each time, she ignored him.  Steeling her resolve, she took a deep breath.  She had to stay away from him no matter what, for her own good, and more importantly, his. 
CHAPTER 11

The early evening sky was painted gold, red and deep purple.  The trees surrounding the compound had started to turn, mirroring the majesty overhead, letting a few fall in graceful lazy circles to the ground below.  Carson tucked her hand in Chase's as they strolled along in the muted shadows of the woods, kicking up the leaves that had settled in the pathways.  He took a deep breath and stopped, pulling his arm gently until she turned and looked at him.  A gentle stain crept up her cheeks turning them a soft pink.  Raising his right hand up, he gently cupped her cheek, his thumb brushing against her blushing cheeks.  “So beautiful” he murmured.  He gently tucked a strand of her coal black tresses behind her ear, then leaning in, nuzzled her neck tenderly, taking in the unique scent of her; lilacs, vanilla and warm sun kissed honey.  He groaned.  His heartbeat quickened and tingles raced along his nerves from the contact.  Inhaling deeply, he felt the wolf in him growl and fight for control.  She was right there and the urge to bite her and to claim her here, right now, and to finish the bonding was bordering on a compulsion.  He hissed, closing his eyes and took a step back, forcing the beast back into the depths of his stomach.  The wolf snarled one more time but backed off when he assured him it wouldn't be much longer, that soon she would be theirs.  The gentle touch of his mate caressed his cheek and he opened his eyes, the normal chocolate hue now glowing with gold.  “Don't,” he whispered, his voice strained and still gravelly from the inner power struggle.  “Not much control.”  
She nodded.  “I know.  I feel it too.  My wolf is digging a hole in my belly to get to you.”  She dropped her hand and took a step back as well; her back hit a tall spruce behind her.  “Just a few more days.  I love you, Chase.”  
“And I love you too, Carson.”  
He took a moment more to calm himself.  Closing his eyes again he mentally recited the names of the bones in a human body.  Carson has a luscious body.  His wolf reminded him, as if he needed it.  He growled at the beast to be quiet as he continued to struggle with dominance.
“Chase?”
“I'm alright.  Just...  Saturday can't come too fast for me.  I don't know how much more I can take.  I always knew that mates would be a strong pull, that there would be an attraction that you couldn't resist.  I mean, I knew it and I've seen it, but until now I never really understood it.  I've read the histories; I've heard others speak of it but to actually experience it.  I just don't have the words to express how it feels.”  He shook himself, satisfied that he was again in control.
She nodded and gave him one of her beautiful smiles.  “I know.  I've dreamed others and have experienced some of the emotions that they felt at that moment.  The emotional moments are the strongest, first loves, bondings, births, even the death of a loved one.  There is strength in those moments, and those dreams are the most vivid.”  
He opened his eyes again and was studying her intently.  “It must be wonderful to experience another's most important moments, to see everything as if you were really there.”  
“It is, but also kinda overwhelming.  The feelings are so strong, you have to be careful to not get lost.  That is the biggest danger of dreaming, that you'll get so caught up in the dream that you forget you aren't them.  If that happens, you can get lost with little hope of returning.  They are called snares.”  
His face had lost all color, turning a pale white with fear.  “I didn't know there was a danger to it.  I don't want you to dream anymore.  Add that to the list of don'ts, but make that a permanent one.”  
She chuckled softly and placed one hand on his arm.  “It's okay.  I know what I'm doing.  Normal dreaming is not that dangerous especially when dreaming the past streams.”  She closed her eyes and took several breaths.  Her face took on a serene countenance.  After several moments, she opened her eyes and smiled at him, pulling her hand from his arm.  “Your sister, Emma, is a very kind woman and a wonderful healer.  She took very good care of the little orphaned boy with the broken arm.  And I agree with you, blue is a much better color cast than the pink.  I'm glad she used it instead.”  
He startled.  “How did you...”  
She chuckled and pushed away from the tree.  “I just dreamed you.  I saw the whole incident as if it was happening to me right now.”  
He let a breath out.  “That's just...  Wow.  You saw that?”
She nodded, “Yes, I saw the whole thing through your eyes.  I felt the pride you had at knowing she was your sister and the curiosity at how she knew to set the bone.”  
He pushed his fingers through his hair.  “That's freaking amazing.  I didn't even know what you were doing.”  
“Those that are being dreamed usually don't.  I'm fully aware of them, but they don't know I'm there.  Well, almost never.  I'm still trying to figure out how Zandria knew.  There's something different about her and not just her being a human.”  
Chase picked up her hand and meshed his fingers with her.  He tugged her along with him and they resumed their walk.  Inside, his wolf calmed, contented to be just touching her … for now leastways.  There was still the desire to finish the bonding and join together, but at least he wasn't shredding his insides to get out at the moment.  They continued to walk in silence, that same unearthly quiet that followed his mate wherever she went.  It was strange how even the forest seemed to hold its breath when she was around.  
The trees thinned then cleared and the crystal blue of the lake stretched out before them.  Looking over at her, he saw the huge smile break her features as she tipped her head back and welcomed the warmth of the sun.  “Come on,” she whispered and pulled him towards the large boulder that had become their spot.  They got to within a few yards when he stopped and pulled her to a halt beside him.  
“What is it?” she looked up at him.
“Don't you smell it?” he asked her.  
She took a long sniff in the air, the smile falling away.  “Blood,” she whispered then looked around.
“Stay here.”  He dropped her hand and lifting his face into the wind, followed the blood trail as it led him straight towards their special place.  Picking his way around the smaller boulders littering the ground, he climbed up on top of the rock then stopped, all the color draining from his face.
“What is it?” She took a step closer, craning her neck as if she could see.
“Go.  Get the Enforcers,” Chase hissed and knelt down next to something dark on the top of the rock.  
“What is it?” she repeated, hesitating.
“It's Leo.  Or rather, what's left of him,” he replied flatly.  “Go! Carson now!”
She jumped and shifted, the tatters of the pale blue sundress flying in the air to flutter around her.  Shaking herself a moment, she yelped and took off running as fast as her four paws would go.  
Chase watched her go and worried about her safety.  He was relatively sure whatever had done this was gone; he didn’t scent anything abnormal in the area.  He turned his attention to the surrounding woods, inhaling deeply.  There was nothing there bigger than a fox for several miles.  Whatever had done this was definitely long gone.  He couldn’t help but think how as wonderful it was being in the middle of a huge forest when you were a wolf, having no cell phone coverage sucked in times like these.  
“Be safe, Baby,” he murmured and turned his attention back to the eviscerated corpse lying at his feet.
.-~*~-.
Will paced back and forth, trying to get his head to wrap around what he was looking at.  Micah's orders could be heard over the soft murmur of the onlookers that had gathered, a circle of imposing wolves facing outwards, leaving the leadership of their pack inside examining the body.  Chase had donned a pair of gloves and was touching the body, examining it, while Carson paced slowly back and forth behind him, chewing on her bottom lip.  A few feet away, Jeff was speaking with Leo's father.  Miriah consoled his mother, stroking her hair as she murmured soft words to her.  Forcing himself to stop, Will knelt down next to the healer and nodded towards the bloody remains.
“You have any answers, Doc?”
Chase shook his head.  “I don't understand this.  The jugular was ripped out, along with most of the soft throat tissue.  That's a killing blow anyway you look at it.  But look,” he pulled the bloody arm off the chest and laid it beside the torso.  “See the slashes? The heart, lungs, intestines are all utterly destroyed.”  
“Wild animal? Maybe a bear?” Will asked.
He shook his head.  “A wild animal that attacks is either protecting its young or hungry.  This is the wrong time of year for cubs and the all organs are intact within the torso; nothing was taken or consumed.”  He pealed his gloves off and stuffed them inside out into his pocket.  “It was a wolf attack.  A very angry werewolf and I'd say most likely from this pack.”  
Jeff climbed up and stood beside them looking at the body.  “Why would you think that?”
Chase raked his hands through his auburn hair and gestured towards the body.  “It’s the whole condition of the corpse.  He was attacked, from the front, by someone who he knew.”  He knelt pointed at the hands.  “First off, look at his fingertips.  Notice they are intact without claw egress.  Pulling a fresh rubber glove out, he slid it on his right hand then gently opened Leo's mouth.  “The same with his gums- they are still intact with no fang vents.  We can therefore reason that  he never shifted.  Now think on this.  If you were face to face with someone you don't know, wouldn't you be on guard and ready to shift? In the millisecond that a decision is made or instinct steps in, the tissues of the fingers and the gums are already splitting to make way for the change.  There are none.  Now if he had been a wolf when he died, he would revert to human, but those same egresses would not heal as a wolf's energy has to be pulsing through him to heal.  Death would stop that.”  Gently he rolled the body up on its side.  “ I know he was attacked from the front as there are no wounds on his back, head or neck.  All the damage occurred between his chin and his groin.”  He let the body roll back on rest on the boulder.  “No, Leo was human and facing someone he thought of as a friend when he was killed.”  Chase finished speaking and stood up.  “We have a rogue.”  
Jeff swore softly then turned and paced along the small area on top of the boulder, pinching the back of his neck.  Chase watched him, frowning.  The alpha was stressed and no doubt his wolf was fighting to break free.  Pinching the back of his neck was an attempt to control him as it resembled a move to force submission.  In fact, Chase often did it himself.  Glancing over, he patted Carson's arm then nodded towards the Sanders family standing at the edge of the woods, their gazes never leaving the rock where their son lay in a pool of gore.  She nodded in understanding and watched him jump down from the boulder and walk towards them.
Micah scrambled up on top of the rock.  “The patrols reporting in so far indicate no tracks and no intruders in pack lands.”  Glancing down at the mauled wolf he shook his head sadly then grunted.  “I told you it wasn't a little harmless poaching.”  He turned and jumped off the rock and stalked back to where several of his Enforcers were standing waiting for orders.  
Will watched him then looked at Jeff.  “I think it’s time to get the council involved.  First we find a mauled human, then all those animals, and now a murder.”  When Jeff nodded, he jumped off the rock and made his way back to the grounds.
“Animals? What animals?” Carson asked.
Jeff blew out a long breath and looked over the calm of the water. Once he had his thoughts in order he turned to his daughter.  “We've had some dead animals show up over the past few weeks.  At first we thought it was the kids messing around.  You know how pups are, they run and hunt, enjoying the freedom of their shifts.  We find four or five carcasses a month, usually on or around the full moon; rabbits, squirrels, things like that.  When the numbers increased, we thought maybe there was a little poaching going on and beefed up patrols just in case.  But taking into account Zandria and Leo's attacks, I'm beginning to think it’s all somehow connected.  I just wish she would talk to us and tell us what happened.  All she will say is that it didn't happen here.”  
“How many dead animals are you talking about?” she asked.
“At least eight in the past week alone and not all small game either.  Two bucks, a doe and a coyote in addition to the smaller stuff; all had their throats ripped out but not eaten in any way.”  The alpha hesitated and turned back.  She could tell he was fighting with something.
“What else aren't you telling me?”
He covered his mouth with his cupped hand and scrubbed his jaw.  He refused to meet her eyes for a moment so Carson reached over and placed a hand on his arm.  “Tell me Poppa,” she whispered.  “What else?”
He dropped his hand and huffed out a breath.  “Alright.  There's one other disturbing thing about the kills.  They were all found in the compound and not in the woods like normal.”  
She furrowed her brow.  “In the compound? I've not seen it or heard about it.”  
Jeff gently pulled away from his daughter and looked at the ground.  “That's because they have been removed before anyone discovers them.  Last thing we need is to frighten anyone.  Every night sometime between midnight at sunrise, these kills have all appeared in the same places.  No matter how we've watched, they always manage to slip them in.”  
“Where in the compound?” she started to ask.  He hesitated again and she felt a finger of cold fear inch up her back causing goose bumps to raise on her arms. “Where, Poppa?”  Part of her knew she wouldn't like his answer, but she had to know.
“Our home.  Carson, the kills are left at our house; front door, back door, porch, under a window, but it’s always at our house.  It puts me into mind blood offerings that feral wolves do, but that's ridiculous.  There aren't any around here, and why leave them around us anyway,  It's either that or some sort of warning, but a warning about what, for whom?”  He looked towards the woods and saw a few pack members making their way over with a body bag and a stretcher.  “Come on, let’s let them do their job.”  
Carson opened her mouth to say something but stopped and jumped down, landing lightly on her feet.  Together they walked away from the little knots of wolves standing by watching the gruesome scene.  When they were far enough away, she pulled on his shirt.  “Don't you think we need to warn everyone?”
He rubbed the back of his neck nodding slowly.  “Yeah, I was just thinking that myself.  Look, I need to go take care of a few things.  Will you be alright?”
She nodded.  “I'll stay with Chase.”  
“See that you do.  I don't want you wandering around alone.”  
She nodded again then wrapped her arms around her midsection.  Glancing over her shoulder, she stared into the darkening woods, and shivered.  Perhaps it was just her imagination, but she felt like she was being watched.  Scanning the nearby trees she didn't see anything but just to be on the safe side, moved over and slipped her hand into her mate's as he spoke with the grieving family.  Immediately, she felt better with him pressed against her tightly.  He smiled down at her then kissed her head tenderly before turning back to the conversation at hand.  Suddenly she got that prickly feeling again and stiffened; turning her head quickly she glanced over her shoulder and saw a pair of yellow eyes watching her from the deep inky black of the stretching shadows.  She hissed.  “Chase!”
He stopped mid-sentence and followed her eyes to the woods.  “Intruder!”  he bellowed and pointed towards the woods, grabbed Carson and pulled her protectively behind him.  Before anyone knew what was happening, a half dozen Enforcers shifted and streaked towards the forest while Chase watched, keeping himself between the woods and his mate.  Ten minutes passed as all activity on the little beach stopped and all eyes were trained on the spot where they had disappeared.
Another ten minutes passed and finally, they began filter back through the trees.  Micah loped over to where they were standing and shifted back complete with the manifested of clothing that only the oldest and strongest of wolves could manage.  “Got away,” he grunted at Jeff.  “Couldn't tell who it was either, but one thing I know for sure, whoever it was, they are pack.  There are no new scents in the woods.”  
“Damn,” the alpha swore softly and started to pace.  “Get everybody back to the compound.  Then I want you to go door to door and make sure everyone is accounted for and tell them there's a mandatory meeting at ten in the morning.”  
.-~*~-.
The pack room was filled to overflowing with every member of the village.  Nervous whispers mixed with shuffling of feet and the scrape of chairs as they waited impatiently for their alpha to speak.  Most had heard about Leo's murder and it made them skittish.  Finally Jeff called them to attention.
“Ok, first off, as you probably know, Leo Sanders was found murdered last night by the lake.  I'm not going to go into details but the crime seemed to be unusually vicious and we're pretty sure the culprit was most likely known by him.  Until we can catch the one responsible, I'm instigating a mandatory curfew.  Starting today, unless it's an emergency, nobody is to be out of their homes between dusk and dawn.”  
There were several angry mutterings in the crowd.
“It's for the safety for everyone.  I'm also asking you to not go into the woods alone and to keep a very close eye on our children.”  His eyes swept the room and the uneasy shifting around.  “I would rather not have to place a compulsion on you but I will if I must.  Nothing means more to me than the safety and well being of our people.  I'm asking you to please be aware, be diligent and keep yourselves safe.  If you hear or see anything unusual, please report it to myself, Will or one of the Enforcers.  With a little luck this will only be necessary for a few days.”  
“What about the bonding?  Is it still on Saturday?”  a voice called out from the crowd.
Jeff nodded.  “Yes, Carson and Chase's bonding ceremony will still be held in the clearing on Saturday.  I don't think whoever did this would be stupid enough to attack a whole group of wolves so we will be safe.”  
There were a few nervous chuckles as he smiled at them in an attempt to diffuse the tension in the air.  “Any more questions?
There were none.  Jeff dismissed the pack and hopped down from the platform and strolled out.
Carson's eyes scanned the room and found her friend sitting on the other side. “I'm going to go talk to Rachel.  I'll call you later,” she whispered to Chase.  He saw where she was looking and nodded, kissing her cheek before getting up and walking out the door.  Catching Rachel's eye she motioned towards the front.  
They met at the front of the room as people started filing out.  “Hey.  I didn't know your parents were back.”  
Rachel shrugged and looked at the couple sitting on the front row.  Her father and mother lived in Roanoke to be close to their businesses and allowed her to live in their house in the village alone.  Given the recent events, she wasn't so sure that they would allow it for much longer.  “They came back this morning after Jeff called all the pack in about Leo.”  She stuffed her hands into her back pocket.
“Rach...”  Carson sighed heavily.  “Look, I'm sorry.  I've been so caught up in everything that's been going on- it's no excuse but I'm really sorry.  I haven't meant to ignore you.”  
The petite redhead chewed her bottom lip a moment.  “Hmm... do I forgive you for being a thoughtless, love sick woman or let you stew a little longer.”  She pulled a hand out and tapped her lips.  “Decisions... decisions.”  Finally she dropped her hand.  “Well, okay.  I'll let it slide this time, Chica, but only because you're getting yourself hitched this weekend.  Consider it an early mating gift.”  She grinned and hugged her best friend.
“Whew, I was afraid there for a minute you'd be so pissed that you wouldn't be there Saturday.”  
Rachel laughed.  “Are you kidding?  You haven't seen me in my dress yet.  There's no way that I'm not going to miss it and the opportunity to show off.”  
Carson visually relaxed.  “Really, though, I'm sorry about everything.  I didn't even realize how long it had been since we just hung out until last night when I was going over stuff.  What you say that we take a girl's night tonight and eat things we aren't supposed to, do mani-pedis and watch sappy movies until our mascara runs.”  
“It's a date!”  Rachel hugged her best friend again.  “Besides, you have been so out of the loop in panting love land, you haven't heard the latest news.”  
Carson sighed all dramatically.  “What's his name again?  Jack something?”
The smile on Rachel's face was dazzling, making her entire face brighten.  “Bishop, his last name is Bishop.  He's from Chatham Pack and we've been dating for a month now.  That's the longest I've dated one person in... well ever.  He's such a doll and I just love him to pieces.”  
Carson groaned.  “Poor Jack.”  
“Hey now!”  Rachel punched her friend in the ribs.  “He happens to like my 'spirit', thank you kindly.  You'll get to meet him this weekend.  He's coming up for the mating ceremony.”  
“Well come on, let's hit the pack store before all the chocolate fudge ripple is gone.”  Carson pulled Rachel towards the door.  “And it's my turn to pick the movie.  I think its a Steel Magnolia kind of night tonight.”  
“I'll meet you there, let me let the folks know.  They are so worried these days.”  Rachel drifted off towards where her parents stood talking to Miriah and Jeff.
Carson watched her go.  “Aren't we all?” she murmured then made her way out the door toward the store. 
CHAPTER 12

That Friday evening had turned cooler; a much welcomed relief from the stifling late summer heat and a sure indicator that autumn had finally arrived.  Beyond the compound, the trees had fully donned their most beautiful cloaks of brilliant leaves which continued to fall in graceful spirals from the occasional gusts of wind.  The soft songs of the crickets and frogs gathered at the pond lent a sense of peace and calm over the compound.  It was a false peace when in truth everyone was on edge, and it showed in the clouded faces of the Sapphire Lake wolves.  Normally, the young pups would be scampering about, lost in their childish games, but even they were subdued, mirror images of their parents.  It was as if the entire village was holding its breath, waiting for something to happen.
There was a soft knock at Zandria's door.  She heard it for her hearing was much more acute than most humans, but she remained seated in the overstuffed chair.  She knew it was the alpha's son, Cayson, for he came by every day about this time to talk to her.  She had tried for  days to dissuade him gently but he was stubborn and refused to give up.  At first, she thought that perhaps he was song struck; that her singing had somehow ensnared him, but now, she could tell it was clearly evident that was not the problem.  She wished things could be different; that she could give in and just relax and be his friend just as he kept asking her to be.  How she wished she could have a real friend, but it would never work out for her.  No, it was much better for her to stay in her tiny little bubble and push everyone else out.  
Moments went by and she could feel him on the other side of the door, stubbornly waiting  for her to answer it.  She could hear his heart beating faster, almost taste the anticipation and hope that clung to him.  Pressing one hand to her chest she sighed sorrowfully.  There was no other choice, she would have to dissonant him.  She closed her eyes and began to hum softly searching for his song, that melody that she alone heard when he was nearby.  When she found it, her tune changed and she sang into the air, pushing against the presence beyond the door.  The tune changed slightly, slowly, building in energy and discord until she let it go towards the door.  She felt the change immediately and knew he had taken a couple of steps back away from the door.  She pushed again and he left the porch but still stood nearby.  The timbre of his heartbeat changed as the song in him trying desperately to match her melody but she again changed it until the utter wrongness was thick and pulsed between them.  Just when she thought she wouldn't be able to hold on, she felt him turn and leave.  She let the song go and took a ragged breath.  Pulling her knees up, she stared at the door until finally sleep and the accompanying nightmares finally claimed her.
.-~*~-.
Miriah checked the hem in the mirror again of the dress she would be wearing to the bonding ceremony tomorrow evening.  Pressing her hands on the pale orange that flared from her hips she frowned.  “Maybe I should wear the lavender one,” she muttered to herself.
“No matter which one you wear, you'll be beautiful.”  Jeff's arms circled around her waist and his nose dropped to the place where the pale white scars from their own bonding ceremony still sat upon her skin.  Her eyes closed and she tilted her neck slightly away from him, baring it for his nuzzling.  He pressed his nose into the crook and blew his scent into her skin.  
“Marking me again, Beloved?” She whispered.
“Always,” he breathed against her skin.  His grip tightened around her waist and he let out a soft contented growl.  “My wolf still finds you irresistible.”  
Looking into the mirror, she shivered to see two pairs of glowing gold eyes staring back.  Taking a deep breath she gently cajoled the beast to calm.  “I thought the dinner went well tonight,”  she intoned.  “Considering...”  
“Don't let Councilor Abernathy get under your skin.  He has been trying to get to me for years.”  
She sighed.  “I wish you two could bury the hatchet.”  
“Between his eyes?” He quipped.  “I know a lot of alphas that would pay good money to see that.”  
She growled at him.  “Be serious Jeff.  He is the Elder councilor and though he's difficult, we have to obey him and the rest of the council.”  
He nodded.  “I know.  Gretchen keeps him in line most of the time.”  
She smiled.  “I love her to pieces.  She and Maggie want to have a tea tomorrow afternoon with the ladies to give Carson a chance to relax a bit.  Too bad Manna couldn't be here for their bonding though.  Carson tried to hide it but she was disappointed.”  
“Mmhm,” Jeff closed his eyes a moment and nuzzled his mate's neck again.  
Her wolf paced inside, whimpering to be freed.  “I wish we could go for a run.  You never know how much you miss something until you can't.”  
He chuckled softly, “I have a cure for that pent-up energy.”  He pulled her gently into his arms and led her to the bed.
“Jeff! There's too much to do.  There are a million things to get finished before tomorrow night.”  She pushed him away halfheartedly.  
He swept her up into his arms and growled softly.  “The world can wait.  I need my mate now.”  
.-~*~-.
It was dark, the full darkness that came as the moon relinquished her turn in the navy blue canopy of the sky.  It would be another hour before the sun rose and bathed the world in light for the new day.  In the forest, two shadows converged, both watching as the quiet slumber of the compound rumbled towards awakening.  One of the shadows pulled from the inky blackness of the woodlands and stretched, elongated and reformed.  Sinews realigned, thick fur pulled back into pores, claws retreated into fingertips and razor sharp canines slid back into gums.  Standing, he stretched, the pop of joints sounding harsh in the quiet of the sleeping woods.  “Councilor,” he murmured and dipped his head just slightly out of respect.
Another shadow disentangled itself from the mass pooling in the undergrowth.  There were pops and cracks then the human form stepped back into the shadows.  “Future alpha,” the soft tone slipped through the air and the barest of nods returned the gesture.  “Is everything ready?”
He nodded.  “It is.  Just be sure you keep up your end of the deal.  When this is all over, I get the girl.  I get her and the pack leadership.”  
“Of course.”  The words barely lifted above the gentle breeze that caused the limbs to sway.  “All you have to do is imprint her as was your right and both of them are yours.  She'll forget the healer, forget her so called love and you will be her entire world.  Then once the imprinting is done, the beta and the alpha both die and you, her mate, will take over leadership of this pack.”  
His wolf growled in pleasure.  Soon they would have their mate; not a life mate, but a mate for life and that made them happy.  He almost pranced like a puppy though it had been many years since he was a pup.  So lost in his vision of a perfect life, he never realized he was again alone until he heard the patter of paws again hurrying away.  Turning back to stare at the house harboring his future mate, the soon to be dead alpha and the rest of his family, he hesitated a moment.  “Come on,” he whispered to himself.  “Let's go hunt.”  He shifted quickly and turned towards the woods and sorted through the various smells.  Grinning to himself he found the perfect one and took off at a run. 
CHAPTER 13

“Rachel! Help!” Carson called out in a frantic panic.
“What up, Chica?” Her best friend stuck her head in the doorway.
“I can't find the little broach – the one that Emma gave me last night.  Have you seen it?” She was pulling clothes out of her drawers, the fabrics raining down around them to settle on the floor.  “It was their mother's.  Crap!  What if I've lost it already?  It has to be here somewhere.”  
Rachel blew a strand of dark red hair out of her eyes and shook her head.  “Honestly Car, you would lose your head if it wasn't locked on your shoulders.  Now think, where did you last see it?”
“Yesterday, maybe?” Carson flopped on the bed and dejectedly dropped her head into her hands and thought back to the day before.
Chase's father, Terrence ('Call me Terry', he had insisted with a kiss pressed to her cheek) and his sister, Emma had arrived shortly after lunch.  Chase had been almost nervous as the introductions had flown around but she had immediately felt comfortable with them both.  Terry's easy laughter was echoed in the tiny lines that gently etched his face.  Blessed with a werewolf's ageless beauty he looked more like their older brother than their father and Carson had taken an immediate liking to him.  
Emma looked like a female version of her brother, tall with long auburn hair and laughing chocolate eyes that threatened to consume you whole.  She had hugged her tightly.  “It’s so good to finally meet you.  Chase has done little but gush about you for the past three months.”  
Chase wrapped his arm around his mate and growled at his sister.  “I don't gush,” then grinned at them.  Pressing a kiss to her head, his thumb stroked her elbow tenderly as he took the goodhearted teasing from Emma.  
His sister rolled her eyes and pulled Carson from his grasp.  “You'll get forever with her; she's mine for now.”  Laughter filled her eyes as she continued to ignore the frown on her brother's face.  “We have so much to discuss.  Like for instance, did you know he used to have nightmares about sunflowers? Oh and if you haven't figured it out yet, boiled eggs are an absolute never.” Tucking her arm in her future sister in law's she grinned at the discomfort  on his face.  “Yep we have a LOT to discuss.”  
Chase slapped a hand over his face and groaned as they walked off.  Terry chuckled.  “Ok son, let’s go find a cup of coffee.  It's better to let them get this over now rather than wait until after the bonding and have her blurt it out to a packed room.  You know how Em can be.”  
It was later, after the meal shared by the whole pack, that Terry had handed a small box to Emma and nodded to her.  Turning to Carson, she opened the box and pulled out a delicate little broach in the shape of a hummingbird hovering above a lily.  The entire thing was worked in white gold and contained several shimmering semi precious gemstones.  Carson gasped when she saw it.  It was exquisite.
“This was our mom's.”  Emma spoke softly, her fingers running over the gemstones.  “She would want you to wear it on your bonding day.”  
“I can't...  You should keep it for your bonding day.”  Carson was choked up with emotion and gently closed Emma's fingers over the dainty piece.  Their mother, Margaret, had passed away when Emma was just sixteen and Chase a tender twelve.  
Emma smiled through the tears that swam in the basins of her eyes.  “Momma would want you to have it.  She always told Chase that one day he would find the one that made his heart beat as fast as a hummingbird.  I know she would have been so proud to see what a wonderful mate was waiting for him.”  She pinned the gem on the lapel of her shirt and kissed her cheek.
“My shirt,” Carson jumped up and hunted through the piles of clothes, finally finding the camel colored top slung over the back of her chair.  With fumbling fingers she found the front and gave out a sigh of relief.  Unpinning the gemstone she clasped it in her hand and sat back on the bed, the shirt forgotten in a puddle on the floor.
“Crisis adverted?” Rachel smirked at her.  
Carson glared at her best friend, then thrust the gemstone at her.  “Pin it on me...  please.  My hands won't stop shaking.”  
Rachel let out a huff.  “What would you do without me?” She pinned the broach on Carson's dress just above the swell of her right breast.  “No, don't answer that.”  She took a step back and grinned at her.  “Yep, its official, you are gorgeous and I’ve gone from mildly envious to full blown jealous.”  
Carson turned and looked in the mirror.  “I clean up pretty good” She grinned at her friend.  “Even if I do say so myself.  Mrs.  Patterson was right.  This dress is absolutely perfect.”  
Carson's eyes found Rachel's in the mirror.  “Do I still get to meet Jack later?  I'm a bit excited to finally meet... the.... oh no!  What happened?”  Rachel's face had fallen and pain flashed briefly in her eyes before she looked away.  Carson turned towards her.
She shrugged.  “He found his mate.  His brother called me to tell me because Jack completely forgot I existed.  They went to a ballgame at the local high school and boom, there she was at the concession stand selling pickles and french fries.”  She painted a smile on her face.  “No biggie.  I mean we all know it can happen at any time.  Not the first time I've lost a boyfriend to a mate and I'm sure it won't be the last.”  
Carson hugged her.  “Yeah but I know it's hard on you anyway.  I could tell you really liked him.  You know that's why most people don't try to date at all.”  
Rachel slapped at the air.  “Pshaw, I'm fine.  You know me, just another notch in my gun.  It's not going to stop me from dating, just maybe I'll go after humans now.”  She grinned at Carson.  “Now, let's get you all mated up.  It's just about time.”  
Right on cue, there was a gentle knock on the door followed by a gruff  “Ready?”
Rachel grinned and hugged her friend again.  “Showtime,” she murmured.  Smoothing her own dress quickly, she crossed the room and went to open the door.  
Carson turned back and disappeared into the tiny bathroom one last time to check her appearance in the full length mirror on the back of the door.  Eyes flickered over the soft cream colored dress with spaghetti straps purchased at the little shop last month, looking for wrinkles or creases.  She smoothed the soft  knee length fabric over her thighs and walked out the bathroom door.  “I'm rea...”  She stopped a gasp escaping her lips.  
Rachel lay crumpled on the floor, a drizzle of deep red seeping into Carson's pale tan carpet.  She flew to Rachel's side, dropping to the floor and touched her friend's wrist.  Holding her breath then letting it out slowly, she could detect the weak thump of her pulse moved under her fingers.  She opened her mouth to scream for help but it was cut off when a rough burlap bag jerked down over her head and a sharp pain jabbed in her thigh.  There was a burn on her leg then the world started to spin and darken.  “I’m not going to make it to my bonding,” was the last thought that crossed her mind before inky black nothing claimed her and she surrendered to it.
.-~*~-.
The hushed whispers had grown in volume over the last ten minutes as heads would turn and glance up the hill from the clearing to where Carson was soon to make her appearance.  On the small dais, Chase stood looking around nervously.  He had dressed in tight black jeans, a cream colored shirt unbuttoned to the third button and a pair of pale tan loafers.  His hair was pulled back and fastened with a leather thong at the base of his head.  Glancing at the sky, he could see the sun was saying her goodbye to the daylight, gifting the world with a magnificent display of golds, reds and oranges that accented the ring of autumn trees surrounding them.  He smiled.  It was as if nature herself was blessing their union.  In front of him, Jeff waited, talking quietly with his beta.  As alpha of their pack, he would have the honor of performing the ritual that would bind them together forever.  
Out of the corner of his eye he caught sight of Cayson running down the hill full speed, alone, and fear gripped his heart in an iron fist.  Leaping off the platform, he ran through the crowd of guests murmuring his apologies and met his future brother in law at the bottom of the little hill.  Grabbing the younger man's arm, he swallowed several times before he found his voice again.  “Where is she?”
He shook his head.  “I...  I don't know, Chase.  I went to get her and she's not there, but Rachel was.  She's unconscious and there's blood all over the floor.”  
Chase snarled and took off at a run towards her house.  “Get the others,” he shouted over his shoulder as he topped the little hill and flew towards Carson's house.  Flinging open the door he took the steps two at time then turned the corner towards her room.  Stopping dead in his tracks he saw the still form of his mate's best friend...  and no sign of his love.  The beast inside rose up snarling in outrage, demanding they find her now, but he pushed him back down.  Not now.  I have to see to the girl.  We'll deal with everything else in a moment,  he chastised the beast.  His wolf backed down, marginally, and began to pace.  Internally, he agreed with the beast, but right now he was needed here.  Rachel required medical attention and as much as he didn't like to think about it, he couldn't worry about Carson's absence.  Well, not yet.  
He checked her pulse and felt relieved finding it a bit thready but beating steadily and she was breathing evenly.  He pulled her eyelids back and checked her pupils, finding them sluggish but responsive.  Turning her head slightly he gently probed the back of her head and found a gash leaking sticky blood onto the floor.  Even as he watched it slowed considerably.  Thank Luna for a wolf's metabolism that fostered speedy recovery.
 A pair of feet stood just inside his peripheral vision.  Not even checking to see who they belonged to he snapped, “I need my bag; it's in my office by the desk.  Also, bring a stretcher and blankets.  We need to get her to the hall before shock sets in.”  The feet took off back down stairs where he could detect several wolves had gathered.  Sitting back on his heels, he surveyed the destruction of the room.  Clothes littered the floor and bed, the drawers pulled out haphazardly and spilling their contents everywhere.  Inhaling, he could smell Carson's scent.  His wolf perked up again and began to whine.  Our mate needs us.  The beast inside clawed at his ribs to escape.  We need to find her NOW.  It snarled.  Chase closed his eyes and after several moments, he forced it to retreat only after promising me they would find her as soon as Rachel was stable.
Finally, after what felt like forever, the bag was dropped beside him along with a blanket and stretcher.  Opening the bag, he quickly pulled out instruments and began to assess her condition in more depth.  Deciding she was stable enough to move, he carefully applied gauze to her head and pulled the stretcher over.  Five minutes later, with blankets tucked around her form and two burly Enforcers handling the stretcher, they made their way down stairs, through the mass of people and out the door.  It was another twenty minutes before she regained consciousness and Chase sent one of the nearby wolves for Jeff.  Thanks to that metabolism, the wound was already healing and aside from a slight headache, she wouldn't be any the less for wear from her experience.  Once he was satisfied she was completely out of danger, he picked up her hand and looked into her eyes.  “Rachel,” his voice cracked from the strain of holding back his beast this long.  “Where's Carson?”
She closed her eyes and licked her lips.  He picked up a cup with ice chips in it and gave her a few.  “Not too fast.  You have a slight concussion and I don't want you vomiting.”  She took the chips and let them melt on her tongue, the water sliding down her parched throat.  
The door to the hall opened and Jeff hurried in followed by Councilors Oliver and Gretchen along with one of the Enforcers.  “Nick said she was awake?” he asked, the stress clear on his features.  Chase nodded briefly then turned back to her.  “Rachel, where's Carson?  What happened?  What do you remember?”
Her gaze swept the room before returning to Chase's worried one.  “It's a little fuzzy,” she began.
He swallowed and fought to keep his wolf calmed.  “I know it is.  Just take your time.”  He couldn't keep the impatience out of his voice.  “Please try.”  
She nodded and closed her eyes.  “I remember Carson yelling for help because she had misplaced the broach.  We found it and there was a knock at the door.  I went to answer it...”  she wrinkled her brow.
“You answered the door.  Who was there, Rachel?” Jeff prodded gently.
She closed her eyes again and then they flew open.  “I remember.  I opened the door and he was standing there.  I thought it was strange because Cay was supposed to come get her.”  
“Who?” Chase had stood, his wolf straining, waiting to know who would pay for taking their mate.  “Who was it Rachel?”
She shook her head.  “I don't understand why he would hurt me? “ She looked around at the faces staring at her.  It seemed impossible but she remembered so vividly now as he had growled at her, locking his hand around her neck.  She could close her eyes and see the madness in his golden eyes as he had slammed her into the door casing before the world winked out in a burst of bright colored stars.  She had trusted him – everyone had trusted him.  He was, after all, the one entrusted with the pack's safety.  
“It was Micah,” she whispered.  “Micah Simpson.”  
There was a roar of anguish thundering through the hall then hands were on Chase's arms, his shoulders, holding him back.  He wanted to find that miserable flea encrusted mongrel, tear him apart until there was nothing left but blood and a memory.  
“Chase, pull in your wolf!” Jeff snarled at him, using his alpha to try and force him to obey.  
The words that forced out of his mouth were half growl, half human.  “Our mate.  He has our mate!” The world had turned monotone gray, scents were sharper, hearing enhanced.  Somewhere in the back of his mind, the human was flung away as the raging beast ripped control from him.  Fur, thick, red and full, sprouted from his skin, covering him from head to toe.  A burst of pain made him draw a breath as his bones cracked, reformed, sinews and muscles realigned.  Throwing his head back, he felt the pinch as sharp fangs ruptured  his gums and he snarled.  The clothing he had been wearing shredded and flew from his body in a circle.  The wolf turned and snapped at the humans holding him back, but they danced just out of reach.  The beast would not give up and continued to struggle against them.  Finally, a set of jaws latched onto the back his neck and the hands pulled away.  He felt the power of his alpha pressing down on his conscious and reluctantly obeyed, whining softly and lowering himself to the floor submissively.  The pressure stayed for a moment more then was gone.  In his place, a man stood, his dark green eyes glowing eerily.  
“Shift back,” Jeff growled at him.  “NOW!”
The wolf cringed and pulled back, giving dominance back to Chase.  Quickly, he shifted  to human form before the beast could again wrest control.  He stood among the shreds of cloth that had been his bonding suit with his head lowered, breathing hard in the fury that he barely contained.  “I apologize, Alpha.  I thought I could control him,” he said.  “She is our mate,” he offered in explanation.
“And my daughter and the pack's dreamer.  We will get her back, but you have to keep your head,” Jeff chastised him.  Putting a hand on the healer's arm, he softened his words.  “We will get her back, but it’s going to take brains not brawn.”  Turning to his people he  spotted Will glowering nearby.  “Gather together the males and start a search.  She hasn't been gone that long, so her scent has to be close.”  
His beta nodded and started to leave.  
“And Will,” Jeff's voice had deepened as his own eyes took on a golden sheen, “try to bring him back alive.  At least for now, until we get some answers.”  
Will nodded with barely suppressed rage, “I'll try my best, Alpha.”  
CHAPTER 14

The deep black darkness slowly receded until her consciousness began to resurface.  There was a rotten musky odor of old wood and composting vegetation, compounded with dry dust and mold which made her sneeze.  On top of that, her body felt sluggish and unresponsive.  Slowly Carson opened her eyes and blinked several times before forcing her head to move and look around.  She was sitting in a smallish room, no more than eight feet wide, ten feet long, made from rough log walls with a dirt floor.  Above her, the low pitched roof stretched with dirty thatch falling through the cracks.  Dull moonlight slid through a single dirty window situated near the top of one wall.  It had to be some sort of shack, but not one that she could recall being in before.  It looked old and rickety as if a good wind might send it to the ground in a heap of debris.  She sat in the middle of the room, tied to chair and so weak that she could barely hold her head up, much less pull enough energy together to free herself.  Her muscles felt like lead and her head throbbed; it didn't just hurt, it was a baby elephant dancing on her skull.  She moaned and closed her eyes letting her head tip back wearily.  Though her body was tired, her senses slowly sharpened and she could hear the heartbeat of someone in the corner, could even smell his scent.  It was familiar and she worked to pull the memory out of her addled brain.
“Feeling better?”
Her eyes snapped open and she raised her head, staring at him.  “Micah?” she asked incredulously.  “Is it really you?”
He grinned and crossed the hard packed floor to stand before her in the pool of moonlight.  Setting his feet shoulder width apart, he clasped his hands behind his back and began to rock back and forth.  “Yes, Princess, it's me.”  
She blinked at him and sighed wearily.  “This isn't a very funny joke.  Untie me please.”  She struggled weakly then realized he hadn't moved.  “Micah?”
The frown that marred his face was focused on her.  Slowly he took a step forward.
“Yes, my mate?” His golden gaze flickered openly over her body, a smile and nod of appreciation accompanied it.  Reaching out with one hand, he wrapped a single ringlet around his finger then let it go.
She shivered as a feeling of unease crept up her back leaving icy goose bumps behind.  Swallowing, she forced herself to look in his face.  “M...mate?,” she croaked.
“Yes,we will be mated soon, you and I, and then we will rule Sapphire Lake together.”  He leaned forward and closed his eyes, taking a long draw of her scent.  “A long reign that will be continued with our pups.  Well, once I grow bored of ruling.  Things will be different, you see.  Different and so much better for all werewolves.  We'll take our rightful place and the humans will take theirs – as our servants.”  He opened his eyes again.  “And you will be right at my side, my mate.”  
She shook her head.  “No.  You're mistaken.  I'm not...”  
He took a menacing step forward.  “I'm not mistaken” he snarled at her.  “You are definitely my mate, Carson.  Willing would be preferable, but unwilling works just as well for me.”  He licked his lips.
“I'll never be your mate!” She whispered.  Terror froze her blood and she began to pull harder.  “Let me go, Micah.  I have to go home, get back to Chase.”  
In an instant his hand grasped her neck, squeezing until her air was almost cut off.  She quit struggling and stared up at him with wide eyes.  He snarled, “Chase is just a healer.  You are a dreamer.  You deserve a real wolf that can keep you safe, protect you against the horrors of the world.  You need someone older, wiser...”  
“Or Insane,” her wolf mumbled.  She was finally rousing from the adrenaline pumping through their shared body.  
“...  and stronger.  You deserve someone like me,”  He finished.  
“Like you?” She hissed at him incredulously.  She resumed her struggles, pulling hard at the bindings, causing them to bite into her flesh and spill small trickles of her blood.  “Have you lost your mind?”
He raised his hand as if to strike her and she flinched.  He let his hand drop and took a step back, letting her neck go.  She took several deep breaths then began to struggle again.  The wooden chair creaked then a loud pop echoed in the room.  She almost howled in joy when she felt one of the ropes loosen marginally.  
He hurried to a corner then returned with a small syringe.  “We can't have you hurting yourself,” he mumbled.
“What is that?” Her eyes were fixed on the syringe.
“Just a little wolf's bane serum.”  He thrust the syringe in her leg but only pushed the plunger half way.  “Enough to make you docile but not knock you completely out.  Don't want you comatose when I claim you.”  He snickered.
“Wolf's bane?  What's that?,” she asked.
He capped the syringe and took a step back.  “Wolf's bane is a little drug that works on weres.  It suppresses your beast, effectively putting it to sleep, taking with it its superhuman strength, hearing and smell.”  
Carson hissed, knowing she was in big trouble.  As the drug raced through her body, she felt her beast curl up and fall unconscious, even as she mentally screamed for her to stay awake.  But it was just too strong and soon she was left alone, human, weak and drowsy, facing the grinning smirk of her once friend and protector.  She struggled to keep talking, “Why do you keep saying that?”
He narrowed his eyes.  “Say what?”
“That you are going to claim me,” she whispered.  
He laughed.  “Well, because I am.  You see, you were going to be my mate.  The night of the run, it was me who was to beat all the others and capture, claim and imprint you.  But that was then.  Now, we're doing this the slower, easier way.”  
She shook her head, eyes widening in fright.  Swallowing she forced herself to look into his eyes and not flinch.  “Micah, I have a mate.  You know that.  We are going to be bond...”  She flinched as he let out a snarl and began to pace.
“He is not your mate, I am! Just as I've always known I would be alpha, I knew I would have you at my side as my mate.  I've known it ever since before you left to go do that training.  You were too young then, but now,” his eyes raked her form appreciatively, “that’s not a problem.  You have definitely grown out of that gangly teen that left us three years ago and I have to admit, I rather like how well you’ve filled out.”  
She licked her lips nervously.  “I’m not meant for you.  I belong to Ch...”  
“YOU BELONG TO ME!”  Flecks of spittle foamed at his lips as his arms flew out with aggravation.  “It was me that watched you.  I was the one to follow you when you went on your runs.  I stayed nearby when you got lost in daydreams at the lake.  Me, Carson.  I have always been there for you.  Me!” His eyes glowed as he stared at her.  Taking three steps, he bent over until their noses were almost touching.  “Not your father, not your brother, not your healer joke of a suitor;  it was always me.  You don't even know what I've had to go through to get here, what I’ve done!”
Her heart dropped into her stomach and the icy tendrils of dread crawled up her back.  She swallowed again, then let her eyes close.  At that moment, Carson had an epiphany; Micah Simpson was truly, completely, totally and utterly insane.  Panic flared hot in her and she frantically tried to rouse her wolf.  Come on girl, I need you.  Wake up!  It was no use; the serum had her knocked completely out.  She fought to calm herself, remembering what her father had taught her 'Always keep a calm head and think through a situation and if that doesn't work – stall!' “What...  what have you done, Micah?” She asked the question even though she was sure she wouldn’t like his answer.
He took a step back and grinned at her.  “Did you like my gifts? I left them for you at your house.  I even left one for you on your rock at the lake.  Mating offerings.  You know that males used to do that.  They would prove to the female that they were capable of taking care of them and providing for them.  I believe in the old ways.  My mother always taught me that the old ways were the best ways.”  He crossed his arms over his chest and watched her face.  
She whimpered as realization dawned on it.  “You killed Leo,” she whispered.
“I did what I had to do,” he shrugged.  “He went poking around where he wasn’t supposed to be and found something he shouldn't have.  It was just dumb luck that I happened to be walking by and intercepted him looking for your father.  He never even knew it was coming.  You should have seen the look of surprise on his face.”  He chuckled, obviously very pleased with himself, and walked closer to her, driving his nose deep into the hollow of her neck and shoulder.  Slowly he breathed her scent then puffed into her hair, putting his scent on her.  “Mine,” he murmured.
She turned her head to the side, away from him, and shuddered.  Now would be a really good time to get up.  Move your furry ass!  She screamed to her animal.  There was no answer.
He made his way behind her and  untied the ropes securing her to the chair but leaving the ones binding her arms together behind her back.  “Bathroom break,”  he stated and tugged on the rope.  
She chewed her lip a moment.  “Can't you untie my hands at least? It's going to be hard to go like this.”  
He shook his head.  “It's like this or not at all.  I'm not going to take a chance on your abilities.  What's it going to be, Princess?”
She sighed and nodded.  “Okay.”  
“Good girl,” he said approvingly, then led her outside and to a nearby bush.  
Carson was mortified.  “I can't...”  She whispered then swallowing, her face turning a deep red.  Please Micah, I can't even pull down...”  
He sighed.  Reaching under the dirty rag of her dress, he locked his fingers in the hip of her panties and ripped them off.  “There.  I'll even turn my back.”  He wrapped the rope around his hand, “Just to make sure you don't get lost,” then turned around.
When she was finished, Micah led her back to the chair in the shack and secured her once again.  Taking a step back he caressed her face then moved his hand towards the back of her head.  Slowly, he slipped his fingers up and pulled down the artful waterfall of curls that Rachel had created in her hair.  He chuckled low in his throat.  “You'll come around soon enough.”  Lifting a strand to his lips, he kissed it.  “Mmmm.  I could devour you.”  He opened his eyes and she was faced with the golden stare of his wolf.  Letting her hair go, he shuddered, whispering, “and I will...soon.”  
She squeezed her eyes closed, not wanting to see the madness staring at her.  She heard him back away, then the door opened and closed.  Then she was alone.
.-~*~-.
The pack room was crammed with bodies.  Will stood at one end, talking to Patrick, newly elevated Captain, as the scout reports filtered in.  Near the front, Miriah was talking with Emma as the two of them tried desperately to keep Chase calm.  Pacing nearby, Cayson was shoving his fingers through his hair in frustration and mumbled to himself.  The door opened and Jeff strolled in, making his way through the crowd and hopped up on the platform.  Raising his hands, he yelled above the din, “attention, everyone”
The volume dropped until there was quiet.  He let his hands drop to his side as he looked over the crowd.  “Thanks all for gathering so quickly.  All we know right now is that Carson is missing and that it appears that Micah has something to do with it.”  There was a lot of angry muttering and gasps of shock.  “Until we know more, I'm asking everyone to please keep close to home, don't go out alone.  Also, we are using the pack room as a headquarters, so if you don't have to be here, I would appreciate if you could stay away to avoid confusion.  Thank you again for your cooperation.”  He gave them a nod and a confident smile that he didn't feel, then jumped down from the dais, making his way to William.  “Any news?”
The beta shook his head.  “Her scent fades right outside the front door.  I have scouts still scouring the area but it’s like she just vanished into thin air.  I don't get it Jeff; it takes days for a wolf's scent to fully dissipate.  We should be able to follow her.”  
Jeff scrubbed his chin with his hand.  Looking around the room, his eyes fell on Molly sitting in the corner speaking quietly with Terry.  “Excuse me,” he grunted then walked through the people to her.  “Molly?”
She looked up and nodded to him.  “Yes, Alpha?” Her eyes were clear, bottomless and held a world of knowledge.  
He chewed his cheek a moment then just plunged in.  “I know this sounds a little weird, but I was curious if you knew of any reason why our scouts can't find Carson's scent.”  
Her brow wrinkled, the lines on her ancient face deepened.  
Terry blinked.  “No scent at all? That's really strange.”  
Jeff nodded.  “We have it in the house but just outside the door it's gone.  We can detect traces of older ones but nothing strong enough to have been since her abduction.  Nobody can figure it out – a wolf's scent stays for several days.  Her's just disappeared.”  
“Unless her wolf was somehow incapacitated” Terry mumbled.  “Scent is tied to the animal and not to the human half.”  
“Wolf's bane serum,” Molly declared with a nod.  “That has to be it.”  
“Of course.”  Terry nodded sagely.  “But it's been outlawed for what, 100 years or so?”
“Longer.  I was a child the last time it was used, so more like 150 years.”  Molly replied.
Jeff scratched his head as he watched the two of them talk back and forth.  “What is wolf's bane?”
Terry settled back.  “Wolf's bane is a very strong drug made from a specific unique plant only found in Europe.”  
Molly nodded.  “It was only used in the isolated occasion of a wolf going full feral.  It was the only way to subdue the beast and give the human side a chance to regain control.  Dosage had to be precise or both parts would succumb; too little and the wolf would kill the one administering the drug, too much was fatal.  There was a death of one from overdose when I was young.  Those kinds of accidents are the reason why the knowledge to create it was purged from the healers records.”
Jeff blew out a breath.  “I think we should keep this from Chase for the time being.  He's barely holding on as it is and I'm afraid this may push him over the edge.”  He glanced around the room and saw the healer pacing near the window, pausing every few seconds to look out.  “If we don't find her soon, I'm afraid he's going to go rogue.”  
Terry nodded and got up.  “Excuse me Alpha, Elder Healer,” he mumbled and made his way to his son.  
Jeff watched him go then turned back to Molly.  “So wolf's bane serum is the most likely culprit, meaning we probably won't be able to find her.”  He dropped into the chair next to the healer and tipped his head back against the wall, closing his eyes.  “An outlawed serum that supposedly nobody knows how to create, made from something found only in Europe, using a recipe I'm assuming is complicated.”  He opened an eye and looked at her.
“I've never seen the recipe as you call it.  But from the texts I've read, it takes years to master the formula.  Only an Elder Healer could produce it.”  Molly studied the gnarled knuckles of her hand.
Jeff nodded and sat quietly for a few minutes.  “So, what are the chances that Micah came across an old stockpile?”
Molly shook her head.  “200 year old wolf's bane would be useless as it loses potency within months of production.  If that's what he used, and I can't think of anything else it could be, someone would have to have made it for him recently.  So, the question is...”  
“Who made it?” Jeff finished.  “If we figure that out, maybe we can find out where she is.”  

CHAPTER 15

The door opened with a creak of old hinges sending goose bumps over her arms.  Blinking her eyes from the sudden flood of light that drenched the little shack Carson squinted then looked away when she saw it was just Micah coming back again.  He crossed the hard packed floor and squatted beside her, taking a canteen out and lifting it to her lips.  “Drink,” he commanded.  She pinched her lips tightly together and turned her face.  He snarled and locked the fingers of one hand in the thick mass of curls on her head.  “It's just water,” he growled then pressed the lip of the canteen against her mouth until she had to open to keep her lips from being cut by her teeth.  The water was tepid but slated her thirst.  Once he was sure she was done, he let her head go and capped the lid again.
“When are you going to let me go?” She asked.
He chuckled and looked through the window to the sky.  “Oh not for a couple more hours; the sun is still up.”  
Hope flared in her heart.  “You're going to let me go when the sun goes down?”
He laughed, slapping his knee with one palm.  “Well in a manner of speaking.  I may be just a dumb ole Enforcer, but even I know that you have to be caught under the moon for an imprint to take.  No, Princess, when I say let you go, it'll only be for the few minutes it takes for instinct to kick in.  When I catch you, you'll be forced to submit and then you'll be mine.  We'll go back to the pack and I'll be made beta as per the law.  They will have to accept me, they have no choice.  Even if Jeff takes it to the council, I happen to know they will uphold my claim.  Nice and neat.”  
Pulling out a small parcel from the bag hanging by the door, he opened it and the smell of meat tickled her nose.  Her wolf roused drowsily sniffing and she began to drool.  Her stomach growled loudly.  “Hungry, Princess?” He walked over and squatted next to her.  Tearing off a piece of the meat he held it to her lips.  “Cooked it myself.  Caught it too.  Normally I just have my dinner still warm from the chase but I know you don't prescribe to the natural way of life...  yet.”  
Against her better judgment, she took a bite and the succulent flavor of rabbit washed over her tongue.  Closing her eyes she almost moaned, it was so delicious and she was so hungry.  Chewing carefully she swallowed only to find another piece waiting.  When she had had her fill, she licked her lips and shook her head.  He chuckled and opened the canteen for her again, letting her get a good drink.  “See, I told you I will take care of you.”  
With her hunger sated, the wolf inside began to growl and pace wanting to take over.  Carson closed her eyes so that Micah wouldn't see the struggle going on inside.  Her efforts were a waste when she felt another sting in her thigh.  More serum.  Her animal immediately stilled and slid into unconsciousness.  Carson opened her eyes and sighed.  “Was that necessary?”
“Let's just call that an insurance policy.  You can't match me physically, but I don't know what a dreamer can do.  Best to keep your hands tied and your wolf asleep for now.”  He stood up again and tossed the empty syringe into a bucket.  
She had long ago abandoned trying to escape the ropes that held her tight.  Without her wolf's enhanced strength, all she was able to do was dig the bindings deeper into her wrists and ankles.  Bowing her head, her eyes locked on the dirty stained rag that had once been her bonding dress.  Tears pooled in her eyes when she thought about Chase and the life they should be sharing as bonded mates now.  She gritted her teeth, determination burning in her soul.  She would get back to him, some way, somehow.
.-~*~-.
The sun had sunk down until there was nothing left except a beautiful sunset painted across the sky.  Dejectedly, Cayson dragged his feet through the dust of the compound, head down, eyes unfocused.  Drawing a deep breath in, he let it out slowly, feeling like his heart was going to shatter.  Even his wolf was quiet, exhausted, curled in a ball in the back of his mind – they had been running through the forest for the past four hours looking for any sign of his sister.  He stopped when a wooden structure stood in his way.  Looking up he recognized Zandria's little cottage.  He didn't even question why he was there, but instead simply climbed the steps wearily and flopped down on the top step.
He smelled her before he heard her; she smelled of fresh homemade cinnamon bread and sunflowers.  Even as tired as he was, he looked up as Zandria stopped beside him and patted the wood beside him.  “Have a seat.”  
She hesitated a moment but then dropped to the step beside him.  She pulled one knee up and wrapped her arms around it and propped her chin on it.  Cayson stole a look at her and admitted to himself, for a human she was quite beautiful.  Her elfin face with those strange pale blue eyes, button nose and cupid's bow lips still bore the reminder of her attack.  She would most likely carry the faint line of white scars for the rest of her life.  But instead of distracting from her beauty it made her look mysterious.  He liked it.  He also liked that she had luscious curves in all the right places.  She possessed an hourglass figure that accented her full breasts and well rounded hips.  The tips of her long straight golden blonde hair just brushed the place that marked the start of her delicious, drool-able rear.  Inside his beast agreed.  She was petite without being delicate and Nature had surely broken the mold on her.
The oversized tee shirt she wore barely brushed the waistband of the capri jeans she was wearing.  The effect added to her allure and accentuated those curves.  Barefoot, he saw she had painted her toenails a soft pale pink.  He sighed again and thought about all the times she had pushed him away.  But this time, she had sought him out on her own, so he waited for her to make the first move.
Staring out over the compound they sat together in silence, listening to the songs of the frogs and cicadas until finally she broke it.  “Any luck,” she asked quietly.
The sound of her question was like silk to his ears, and her voice was just as beautiful as the rest of her.  It was soft and musical, soothing the senses like a balm.  He detected just a hint of an accent that he couldn't place.  He turned his head and openly stared at her as she continued to look out over the compound.  “So, you really can talk?” He teased her.
She giggled and nodded her head.  “I can.  I just prefer not to.”  
For a moment he thought surely the angels were singing.  Her voice was perfection and he wanted to sit right there and listen to her forever.  She could read the instructions on assembling a desk and he would happily hang on every word.  He sighed with a smile on his face.  “Why don't you talk more? You have a beautiful voice.”  
He watched the smile on her face dissolve.  “So I've been told,” she mumbled.  Releasing her leg, she pulled the other up and crossed them Indian style before changing the subject.  “What about your sister?  Is there any news?”
She was hiding something.  But, not wanting to push her when she was finally talking to him, he decided to let the matter drop - for now.  Instead, he reached down and grabbed a blade of grass.  Pulling it through his rough fingers, he shredded it into thin strands.  “Nothing yet“, he admitted dropping his shoulders gloomily.  “We've been looking for almost twenty four hours now and nothing.  It's like she's disappeared into thin air.  I would still be out there looking but Father made me come in and rest.  He says even wolves can't keep going indefinitely.”  His voice dropped to a bare whisper, “I just want her back home.”  He tossed the pieces of grass on the ground, staring at them for a few moments before continuing.  “As bad as it is for the family, I can't begin to imagine how horrible it must be for Chase.  He's barely holding on.”  
There was a deep inhalation.  He glanced over and saw indecision etched on her face as if she was warring with herself.  She had something on her mind, but the question was what?  Not wanting the spook her, he just sat there and gave her time to make her own decision.  Finally she spoke and the sound was so soft, he almost missed it.  
“I...  “ she began then stopped.  
He waited several minutes but whatever she was about to say wasn't forthcoming.  Finally, he reached a hand out and gently touched her arm.  “What is it Zandria?  Whatever it is you can tell me.”  
“No, it's nothing,” she murmured and started to get up.  
He stopped her.  “It's not ‘nothing’.  Something's on your mind, I can tell.”  He hooked a finger under her chin and lifted her face up.  He caught just the bare hint of the pale blue of her eyes focused on his chin before she looked away.  “And why don't you ever look at me? Are you afraid of me?”
She shook her head but wouldn't meet his gaze “I...  I have my reasons for that,” she whispered.  Taking another deep breath she began to twist her fingers nervously.  Then she took a huge breath, holding it for a moment then let it out slowly.  “Could you...  uh...  “ she started then threw her hands into her lap, balling the fingers into fists.  “Could you get your father to come here?” the words tumbled out.  “Please?”
“He's awful busy right now with Carson and Micah and all.  I don't think he'll come unless it's really important.”  
She chewed her lip, her eyes down on the ground.  “I...  I think...  I...  um.”  She fidgeted, using her toe to kick a pebble off the step.  “I think I can help you find her.”  
He jumped up and stared at her.  She cringed and drew herself into a ball.  “What do you mean? Do you know where she is?”
She shook her head.  “No, but I may be able to help some.”  
“How can you help?”  He arched one eyebrow quizzically.
“I can't explain it.  Please, do you want help or not?” she had become aggravated.  “'Cause if not, I'll go back in the house and just forget it.”  
He grabbed her hand.  “No, no.  We want any help we get.  Come on, I'll take you to him.”  
She pulled away and rubbed her palm on her jean's leg as if it were burned.  “No.  It's a...  a secret.  Please, go get him and bring him here; just your father and nobody else.  Please? I can't explain it, but don't tell anyone else.”  
“Um, if you are sure?”  
She nodded.  
Cayson shook his head in disbelief.  “Well okay.  I'll be right back.”  
By the time they had returned, the first stars began to peek thru the indigo canopy overhead.  Zandria couldn't see the stars or the mist that had started to wriggle through the trees, but she clearly heard the two wolves leap up the steps and knew immediately who they were.  
“My son says you may know where Carson is.”  
She swallowed and grimaced.  “It's not really that, but I may be able to tell you how to find her.”  She looked him in the face without flinching.
He looked at her, doubt clear on his face.  “How do you know?  Zandria, a lot of really strange things have been happening since you were found.  What do you have to do with it?”
She blanched.  “No, sir, I swear to you I don't have anything to do with it.  I just want to help.  You have all been so nice to me, getting me fixed up and letting me stay.  Carson has been really sweet and even Cayson...”  she stopped and colored brightly.  “I mean, I just want to do what I can.”  
“Very well.  What can you do?” Jeff asked incredulously.  
She seemed to shrink into herself.  “It's not really easy.  I...  well...“ She almost looked at Cayson but quickly let her eyes slide down his body to stare at the porch floor.  
Jeff grabbed her arms, “If you can help, then tell me how.  I have too much going on to play games!”
“Father,” the tone was low and unmistakable.  Cayson's wolf had risen near the surface and was watching him through Cayson's eyes.  Jeff dropped his hands and nodded, taking a deep breath and calming himself.  
She licked her lips then raised her gaze to the alpha again.  “I'm going to try and sing her.”  
The two men looked at each other and then to her.  “Sing to her,” Cayson asked incredulously.  “What does that mean?”
She licked her lips and nodded.  “I can do things, with my voice.  Give people comfort, help them heal, call to them from afar...”  
“Push them away?” A light had come on in Cayson's eyes.  “That's what you did to me the other day when I came to visit.”  
She nodded and kept her face down, a curtain of blond slipping from the headband she was wearing and concealing her face.  He was just about to ask her why when Jeff interrupted.  “I've never heard of this so please excuse my ignorance.  What do you need from us?  At this point, I would give anything a chance.”  
She raised her head and tucked the hair back into the headband.  Again she refused to look Cayson in the eyes and now he knew it was intentional.  He would get to the bottom of it but right now they had more important things to deal with.
“I need you to take me to the last place she was seen.”  She reached a hand out and placed it lightly on Jeff's arm.  “But outside.”  
He put a hand on hers and led her down the steps and across the compound until they stopped just outside his house, at the bottom of the porch steps.  She let go of his arm and murmured, “please give me a little room”
Cayson and Jeff took a step back.  The door opened and Miriah came out followed by Councilors Gretchen and Maggie.  Jeff put his finger to his lips and they stood just outside the door watching.
Zandria took a deep breath, her face down, her palms pressed together as if in prayer.  She opened her lips and what spilled forth almost knocked them down.  It was a song, beautiful, haunting, and longing, it pulled at their hearts and teased at their minds.  Each of them took a step forward as if the melody was examining them and found them wanting.  There were tears in their eyes as the sound continued to swim around them in gentle tendrils.
“Fatavoce,” Gretchen whispered awestruck.  “By the grace of Luna, a real Song Maiden!”
“What is a fatavoce?” Miriah leaned in whispering so as not to interrupt her.
“Exceedingly rare.  The archives have mentioned them, but more like a myth.”  Gretchen's eyes never left Zandria.
Maggie crossed her arms.  “She doesn't look like a myth to me.”  
Gretchen motioned for them to be quiet as Zandria continued to sing.  “Later,” she murmured.
The song continued to weave and curl around them, then slowly it expanded, slipping into the breeze and was flung over the compound.  Slowly, she swayed from side to side then rocked to and fro as if the song was a wave and she was caught helplessly in it.  She raised her arms shoulder level and pushed the song further away, her back arching gracefully, her head falling backwards to spill a waterfall of pale gold down her back.  Rising up on her tiptoes, she pushed the song forward again, her arms cupping in that direction, her head falling to the front again.  The song slipped from her lips, tempo turning urgent, and no matter how hard they strained to understand the words, the meaning slipped from their consciousness like sand through fingers.  The song continued for several moments and then she held one note, pure as crystal, as lovely as the breaking of dawn, her body trembled and then abruptly it was gone.  She collapsed to her knees, gasping great breaths of air as if she were drowning.  Cayson let out a strangled cry and fell to his knees beside her, his hands gently supporting her trembling body.  Raising her right hand straight forward, she gritted her teeth.  “That way, about five miles, that's where her resonance is.”  She dropped her arm as it if weighed a thousand pounds.  
Jeff took off at a lope, calling for wolves to join him as they phased and ran into the woods.  Back at the compound, Cayson's concerned face looked over Zandria.
“Hey?  Are you okay?”  he asked, worry making his voice thicken.  He cupped her chin and raised her face up.  
For the first time, she didn't shy away, didn't close her eyes or look aside.  This time, she faced him straight on.  
Thunder sounded in his head and he reeled backwards slightly.  His mouth flew open as those beautiful pale blue depths reached out and snagged him, pulling him headlong into them where he drowned in her soul.  
Our mate!
His wolf howled in joy, dancing and strutting back and forth with excitement.  She was his mate; the one that was created specifically for him.  Slowly he was aware of a burning sensation just over his heart.  Even without looking he knew what it was.  He had seen mating marks on other couples before including his sister and Chase.  He knew there would be a mark, dark red and pale white, resembling a fingerprint with whirls and lines, pulsing over his heart.  A mark that he knew was a perfect counter to one that now graced Zandria's fair skin in the exact same spot.  A mark that would never be duplicated - it was as unique as the fingerprints it so resembled.
“You...  you knew, didn't you.  That's why you wouldn't look at me, would never let me see your eyes,” he whispered.  “It's because it takes the eye to eye contact of two wolves to create the link between life mates.”  He frowned.  “But you're human.  I thought only wolves could be life mates.”  
She smiled weakly, “I knew it and I fought it for so long.  There's so much you don't know about me.  I felt your song.”  She frowned slightly.  “Cayson, I'm not exactly just a human.”  She swallowed and whispered, “so tired.  Please, it takes too much out of me to do that for such a long distance.  Please, we'll talk about this later.”  The pale blue orbs closed slowly and she fell against him, too exhausted to fight it any longer.  He sat in the dirt at the foot of the porch and cradled her body against his, rocking gently.
“I thought I had seen it all,” Gretchen mumbled softly.  “A dreamer, an empath and a fatavoce all in the same generation.”  She shook her head slowly.  
Miriah's eyes never left her son's form.  She could almost hear his wolf humming happily as he cradled her.  “You never told us what that is.  What's a fatavoce?”
“Fatavoce is a word from the old country; it means 'song maiden' because those that were blessed with the gift are always women, without exception.  They are considered a myth, a legend.  According to the stories, these women possess incredible power and can manipulate people and nature through the use of their voices.  You know a bit about the stream that dreamers use?  It's basically the essence of life that flows through every living thing.  A dreamer can move up and down that stream from present to past to future but are only allowed to view a small portion of it.  However, the flow is not just visual, it's also audible.”  She nodded towards the couple.  “For lack of a better way of putting it, Fatavoce are super dreamers, but they don't have to touch to enter the stream, and not only can they detect the stream, they can manipulate it and use it.”  
Miriah looked at the girl, “I wonder why she didn't tell anyone,” she whispered in awe.  
Gretchen licked her lips and curled her arms around her midsection.  “I imagine she didn't tell anyone because she's in hiding and the more she spoke, the more apt that someone could figure it out.  When I say they are powerful, I mean exceedingly powerful.  That girl could literally change someone's life or even the lives of several people – a whole pack.  It's happened in the past, or so they say.  According to legends, it was a fatavoce that destroyed the vampire race.  It almost destroyed our race as well.”  
Maggie drew in a deep breath.  “And we never knew.  A most remarkable human.”  
Gretchen chuckled.  “Fatavoce aren't human.  She's a wolf, a very special, very unusual, very different kind of one, but definitely a wolf.”  

CHAPTER 16

The limited light streaming through the tiny window had faded some time ago and Carson could just make out the dim twinkle of the first stars to dot the sky when the door opened again.  She cringed slightly as he strolled in and walked behind her chair.  Cutting the ropes free, he pulled them away and tossed them into the corner.  Her shoulders screamed in agony, muscles cramped from being tied in one position for far too long.  He took a step back and pointed towards the open door.  “There's your freedom.  Go ahead.”  He smirked at her and crossed his arms over his chest.  
She stared stupidly at him then at the door, slowly licking her dry lips.  “I can just go?” She narrowed her eyes.  “Just like that? You're going to just let me go?”
He nodded.  “Go ahead.  Just walk right out that door.”  
She coaxed her legs to stand even with pins and needles running up and down them.  Taking a step, she almost stumbled but caught herself at the last moment.  She took several steps towards the door then stopped with her eyes on him.  He grinned and waved her on with one hand.  
Rubbing her wrists, she took another couple of steps then gathering her nerves, shot out of the door and disappeared into the surrounding forest.  
Micah grinned ferociously watching as she ran out the door.  “Time to claim my mate,” he laughed to himself and cracked his neck.  Stretching his body to its limit, he threw his head back and howled, the sound deepening as it changed from human to animal.  With a bound, he was out the door.
Carson ran as fast as she could, given she was still in her human form.  Several attempts at reaching her beast were met with silence, so she continued on best as she could.  Though she had a wolf's stamina, human muscle was not created for long term exercise and she soon felt a stitch catch in her side.  Slowing for a bit, she looked around wildly, searching for some indication of where she was.  The kiss of autumn had taken a hold on the woods.  Everywhere she looked, brightly colored leaves fell to the waiting earth below.  Gold, brown and red, they rained down leaving skeletal arms behind.  She could tell this was an old forest.  All of the trees were tall, mostly hardwoods, their canopies towering far above atop thick wide trunks.  The undergrowth was sparse, little could thrive with the limited light that could make its way to the ground.  However, branches, roots and old vegetation coupled with a rapidly gathering mist filled the void making it hazardous to run.  The forest was familiar but foreign to her, meaning they were definitely not on pack lands, but probably in one of the surrounding forests.  
Suddenly she froze, her head snapping around to stare behind her.  The unmistakable cry of a hunting wolf sounded out over the forest.  “Crap crap crap” she mumbled, realization dawning on her.  This is exactly what he wanted; it was his own personal mate run staring her as the prize.  She reached down inside herself one last time, panic seizing her heart in a tight clamp.  Come on girl, I need you.  Please wake up!!  But it was no use, her wolf was still incapacitated.  “CRAP!” she screamed in frustration.  “Damn that serum and Micah Simpson as well,” she swore.  
Pushing away from a tree, she picked a direction and ran, hoping against hope it was the right way.  The occasional thorn bush slapped at her, leaving scratches and welts on her skin.  Looking up as she ran, she was able to make out the pale glow of the moon as it peeked through the trees, giving her a glimpse of the littered ground.  She was thankful for it for without her wolf's augmented sight, she was all but blind.
Even without her acute hearing she could tell something was running right for her; running fast.  She stumbled, falling to her knees then quickly scrambled back up ignoring her scraped shins.  She sprinted off again, plunging through the trees trying to stay as quiet as possible without sacrificing speed.  The thick trees finally thinned marginally and she found herself at the bottom of a small hill.  It was covered in thick brown grass and littered with sticks and  rocks.  Quickly, she clawed her way up it, hissing when her fingers found a rock and two nails bent back before breaking.  Sweat poured down her back and her hair hung limply, sticking to  skin.  Cresting the hill, she rolled over on top, laying on her back for a bit and gasped for breath.  Closing her eyes, she panted then froze, when there was a snap of a branch.  Quickly lurching to her feet, she crouched and peered down the hill.  Thirty yards back the way she had run, she spotted two glowing eyes staring at her through the gloom.  She took a cautious step back, keeping her eyes on his.  
Her heart dropped into her stomach and she whimpered.  One hand curled protectively to her chest, while the other reached behind her, feeling for something to use as a weapon.  Micah took a step forward, stalking her silently, his lips pulled back in a grin.  She began to shake, fear turning her blood, and the sweat running down her back, into ice.  A soft whispered, “no” slipped through her lips as she took another careful step backward.  
The beast never took his eyes off her but crouched low to the ground, stalking her silently.  She licked her lip and tasted the coppery of her blood.  She must have split her lip when she fell.  Damn, could her luck get any worse? She took another step back, her eyes still locked on his, trying to not show the fear that had her almost paralyzed.  Suddenly he threw his head back and howled and she startled.  It was like she had been poked with a stick.  Stumbling back, she tripped over an old log and landed hard on her butt.  Immediately, she jumped up, turned and ran again as fast as she could.  There was a crash behind her then she felt rather than heard the huge wolf as it topped the little hill.  Ahead of her she saw a little clearing with several boulders stacked in the middle and almost cried.  She had been wrong, they were on pack lands after all.  That had to be Make-Out Hill.  Throwing herself out of the ring of trees and into the clearing, her hand was almost on the rock when she was hit from the side and rolled over in the grass.  Blinking the stars out of her eyes, she looked up into twin pools of glowing amber.  
He had caught her.  
“Please no,” she whispered as she scrambled out from under him.  
He huffed then moved off of her.  It was obvious that he was toying with her.
She felt the tears begin to fall as she crawled back away from him.  “Please Micah don't do this,” she sobbed.  “It's not right.  Please don't.”  
Her back pressed against the boulders and slowly she used them to stand up again, keeping her face turned towards him.  He watched her impassively as she slowly made her way around them.  Her eyes darted wildly from side to side, frantically searching for the path that led back to the compound.  When she couldn't find it, it hit her; this wasn't their clearing after all.  She almost screamed in frustration.  Making her way to the edge of the mass, she turned and took off at a sprint once again, aiming for the woods.  After only a few steps, he again leaped upon her, this time on her back pushing her to the ground.  He wasn't playing this round.  As soon as her stomach hit the ground, she screamed in panic.  His jaws closed on the back of her neck and she howled bitterly.  
“NOOOOO!!!”
.-~*~-.
As soon as Jeff gathered all available Enforcers, they shifted and sprinted into the trees in the direction indicated by Zandria.  He had tried to talk Chase into staying behind, saying that it would be better if he waited in case she returned on her own, but he would have none of it.  He soon realized it was a lost cause and now the healer ran with the pack with single minded determination.  Having left their own lands behind, they continued to eat up the ground, running at full speed in the silent manner of their people on a hunt.  
Chase's wolf growled and put on a burst of speed.  Chase let him go, knowing at the moment he would be much better adapted to handle the situation than his human.  Giving over to his animal had been easy, much too easy in fact and a portion of Chase wondered if the beast would relinquish control back once they found her.  He would worry about that later;  now they must find his mate, and soon.  The longer it took, the less likely she would be found.
Pulling the air in through his nose, he sampled the scents; decaying vegetation, small game, his fellow pack members, but not her.  He growled softly.  Micah will pay for taking his mate, he'll pay with his life.  Some portion of his mind rebelled against the thought of shedding blood; he was a healer, a physician, but he suppressed it.  He knew without a doubt that he would gladly give up everything, his possessions, his career, his very life to ensure Carson was safe.  
Chase was thrown from his thoughts by a sharp yip ahead.  Silently, the pack instantly slowed to a walk, crouching and stealing through the scant underbrush.  Breaking through the tree line, they stood facing a small structure squatting in a clearing bathed in moonlight.  Every muscle of his body wanted to rush in, but he stayed back watching Will, Patrick and Ellis as they cautiously circled the building disappearing around the front.  There was a pregnant hush as the rest of the pack waited, and then they heard “all clear” from Will inside.  Chase raced to the front of the shack and shifted before walking in.  
There was a wooden chair, four legs digging in the hard packed earth floor, sitting in the middle of the single room.  All four walls were constructed of rough planks turned a dull grey with age and dust topped by a single filthy window perched under the eaves on one wall.  Cobwebs hung thickly in the corners, except for one that contained a single bucket and a small pile of cut ropes.  Chase marched over and picked up the coils and bringing them to his nose, inhaled deeply.  There was a hint of lilac and vanilla along with the thick cloying scent of sweat.  He growled.  “She was here.”  Tossing the ropes down, he glanced in the bucket and saw several syringes.  Reaching in he picked one up and looked at it with brows knitted.  
Patrick looked over his shoulder.  “That must be how he administered the wolf's bane ser...,” he stopped when he heard Jeff hiss followed by a whispered “Oh shit.”  
Chase's entire body began to tremble.  “That mongrel used wolf's bane on her?” His tone was low and menacing.  He whirled and glared at them.  “You knew and didn't tell me?”
Jeff composed himself but there was an undercurrent of barely suppressed anger.  “We knew,” he looked Chase straight in the eyes, not backing down even when the melted chocolate took on a golden glow.  “And this is why.  You are too close to losing it, Healer.  You get a hold on your wolf now or you'll be staying right here when we continue on.”  He continued to stare at him, pushing his authority until Chase regained control and force his beast back down.  Lowering his head slightly, he sighed, “Yes, Alpha.”  
Jeff clapped him on the shoulder.  “Good man.”  Walking back out the door, he split the pack up into groups of four with himself, Will and Patrick heading each one.  “Patrick you go north, I'll go south and Will take Chase and head east.  She can't have gotten far – I'm pretty sure that this is where she was … recently.”  Jeff didn't want to give out Zandria's secrets – that was her business and nobody's else.  “There's no scent trail, so she's in human form.  If you find anything, send up a howl.  Remember that Micah is wily and has been captain of the Enforcers for longer than some of you have been alive.  Be smart.  Don't try to not take him alone unless a life is in danger.  Just keep an eye on him and don't engage until everyone's there.  Okay, let's go.”  
As one, they all shifted, stretched a moment then bolted into the surrounding woods.  
CHAPTER 17

She didn't feel different – in her heart she still longed for Chase, feeling a rightness that screamed he was her life mate and she, his.  Inching a hand between her body and the ground to the mark on her chest, she could feel the swirls and lines still raised on her skin.  Closing her eyes she breathed a slight sigh of relief, even though the sharp pain of fangs sunk into the back of her neck.  Nothing had changed, she hadn't imprinted on Micah after all.  Perhaps it was because she had her true life mate or maybe imprinting didn't work for dreamers.  Then it hit her.  Imprinting only worked with wolves and hers was still asleep.  She suddenly felt very grateful for that damned serum.  Stay asleep honey, she thought to her animal.  You just keep on snoozing for a little while longer.
It seemed like an eternity before he unclenched his jaws and backed off from her.  Pressure relieved, she pushed herself up to her knees, and her head bowed as her thoughts whirred in her head.  He had said once she was imprinted, he would take her back to the pack.  If she could make him believe it had taken, once they were back in the grounds proper, she could get help.  It would be difficult but surely she could put forth a good performance and make him think she had imprinted even though she wasn't sure what one looked like.  But then, maybe neither did he.  Steeling herself, she forced her face in what she hoped was adoration and raised her head.
“Feeling better, my mate?” He asked.  He had shifted and was standing over her with a sardonic grin on his face.  It was all she could do to keep from shuddering in revulsion.  How had she ever thought he was handsome and sexy?  Now she could see he was manipulative, bitter and there was a hardness about those eyes that was anything but friendly.  This wouldn't have to just be a good performance, it would have to be Oscar worthy.
“My Beloved,” she whispered then forced herself to wrap her arms around his legs in a tight hug.  His scent filled her nostrils; it was rancid like old oil mixed with decaying trees.  Choking off the need to gag, she gulped air through her mouth and looked up at him, holding a tight rein on her revulsion.  Closing her eyes she tried to convince herself that it was Chase then nuzzled against his knee with her face.  She was never so thankful that he could manifest clothing with his shift than she was at that moment.
He dropped to the ground and pulled her into his arms, cradling her against his body, running his hands through her hair.  “See I told you it would all be okay.  Now you know you can trust me.  I'll take care of everything,” he murmured against her ear.  “Cold? You're shaking.”  
Her skin crawled wherever it touched his.  She swallowed back the bile that burned the back of her throat.  “A little chilled,” she lied.  “I wish I could have a nice shower and some clean clothes.  I'm so embarrassed that you see your mate looking such a mess.”  
He chuckled and hugged her against him.  “You look lovely” .
She stiffened slightly then made herself relax.  “Still I want to look presentable...  for you.”  she added hastily.  “Can we go home now? I want everyone to know about our bonding.”  
He pulled her back and searched her face, frowning slightly.  “Eager to be around others this soon? This is our bonding night; I thought for sure you would want me all to yourself for a while.  We'll go back in a couple of days, after...”  
“After?” she asked even as her stomach fell into her feet.
He laid her back on the grass bathed in the baleful gaze of the moon.  Slowly he ran his hands up her thigh and slipped it just passed the ragged hem of her torn dress.  She couldn't help it, she froze with a look of utter horror on her face.  His hand stopped and he narrowed his eyes suspiciously.  
“I...”  she swallowed, her mind racing to come up with a plausible excuse.  “It's just that I'm...  ah”
“Of course, you're a virgin.”  He chuckled and removed his hand.  “You're shy, unsure.  Forgive me, Love.  It's been a long time since this old wolf has been around innocence.”  He stood up and reached for her hand.  “Come, we'll go back to the cabin and I'll show you the joys of love, though I do prefer the outdoors.  No matter, it’ll wait for another time.  One of many, I’m sure.”  She put her hand in his, panic racing through her as she tried to find some way out of this.  
There was a rustle behind Micah followed by a howl.  She almost fell back to the ground from relief when she heard the low growl of a voice.  “She's not going anywhere with you.”  
Chase had found her.
Micah jumped, whirled around growling as three wolves appeared behind Chase and shifted into humans.  He moved in front of her, cutting her sight off from him.  “You're too late, she's imprinted on me.  Carson's mine!” He gloated.
She leaned to the side behind Micah's back and her breath caught in her throat at the stricken look on her mate's face.  He was staring at her, all but pleading with her to deny it.  Slowly she shook her head, her hand clamped over her mating mark throbbing on her skin.  Chase's hand shot to the reciprocating mark over his heart and he almost sagged in relief, closing his eyes, he whispered, “thank Luna.”  
The joy she felt was suddenly quenched as the hair on the back of her neck stood up.  Her gaze tore from Chase, and landed on the furious face of Micah staring at her.  Reaching over he grabbed her hand and pulled it aside, tearing the strap of her dress and causing the dirty fabric to fall exposing her mark to his eyes.  “You lying Bitch!” With a snarl he pulled his hand back and backhanded her face, sending her careening into the boulders, striking her head and slumping into a heap.  Stars flashed before her eyes and blackness threatened at the edges of her sight.  She reached one hand up and pressed against the back of her skull, pulling it away bright with sticky blood.  “Oh” she whispered then dropped her hand to the ground, too weary to hold it up.  Closing her eyes, she fought against the darkness.
“Carson!”
Micah turned and roared.  Chase was struggling, pulling, trying to get to her, held back by his pack mates.  The deep brown of his eyes had turned golden, glowing with light, his wolf just below the surface and snarling to get free.  “Back down, Doc.”  Will had both arms around the man's shoulder, muscles straining to restrain him.  “You move and he'll kill her,” he growled at him.”  The howl that escaped Chase's mouth tore through the clearing.
“Chase! Pull it back now.”  
The authoritative tone came from the right where Jeff and three more stepped out from the trees.  “I said pull back now,” he roared.  To the left four others shifted and stood quietly watching.
Chase snapped one last time towards Micah then leashed his wolf, forcing the brute back into his belly and slamming the door closed.  Our mate! He hurt her.  We need to get to her! The beast snarled.  Soon.  Wait for Jeff.  Wait for our alpha.  He thought towards him and finally felt the fury dissipate if only slightly.
“I’m fine,” he spoke bitterly.  “You can let me go.”  With a nod from Jeff, Will released him and took a step back.
Jeff turned his gaze to Micah.  “I'm so disappointed.  You turned rogue? Turned against your own people?”
Micah grinned wolfishly at him.  “You're disappointed?  I'm so surprised...  not”!  Crossing his arms over his chest he glared defiantly at his former alpha.  “This is all your fault, Jeff.”  He gestured behind him.  “She was to be mine.  The pack was to be MINE!” He snarled, “had you just finished the run, this would all be over.  She would be my mate and I'd be the beta not him,” he nodded towards Will standing quietly beside Chase.
Jeff saw the madness in Micah's eyes and marveled that he had been able to hide it for so long.  Perhaps the signs had always been there but they had all refused to see it.  Manna's words from the night of the mate run echoed in his head.  “There are some issues in your people, Jeff, and you need to rectify them.”  He felt a great sadness in his heart when he realized just how bad it truly was.  “Micah,”  he began.
“Not this time, Hennison.”  He turned towards Chase and narrowed his eyes.  “You think you have everything.  You come in here and steal her from me.”  
“She's my life mate not yours,” Chase began.
Micah roared, “She was to be MINE!” He whirled and glared at Jeff again.  “I issue a challenge,” he snarled.  “I challenge for Carson.  Chase Blackston has attempted to take my mate and I demand justice!”
“You're a rogue and cannot chall...,” Jeff started.
“I accept,” came the calm reply from Chase.  He took three steps closer and stood staring at Micah, his hands hanging loosely at his sides making fists.
“Chase, no!”
The words were soft but carried such heartfelt sorrow, it commanded their attention.  Everyone looked behind Micah to where Carson was struggling to pull herself up against the rocks.  Her hands shook and there was a thick smear of red across the tan boulders.  She swallowed, “please don't do this.”  
His eyes softened.  “I would rather face death than live another moment without you.”  Tearing his eyes away, he looked back at Jeff.  “I accept,” he stated again.
Jeff's shoulders drooped marginally.  Taking a deep breath and nodded.  “A challenge has been issued and accepted.  By the laws of our people, the one issuing the challenge specifies the time.”  
Micah's eyes never moved from his enemy.  “At dawn.”  
Turning to Chase, Jeff continued.  “The one being challenged specifies the location.”  He lowered his voice.  “Think carefully on this, Healer.  Carson is injured.”  
Chase was just about to say 'here' but stopped, nodding in understanding.  He knew he needed to get her back to the healer's hall.  Even with a wolf's ability of heal, head injuries were tricky at best and he was unsure if  she was still suppressed and what damage the serum had done to her system.  “In the commons,” he ground out.  
Micah nodded.  “Perfect.  The more who witness this, the less to question it later.  I'll be there at dawn.”  He looked back at Carson.  “Afterward, we’ll take up where we left off.  With him gone, that mark will fade and you’ll truly be mine.”  Then he shifted to his wolf and in an instant was swallowed up by the forest.  
Flying to his mate's side, Chase scooped her up, pulling her against him.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and laid her face against his shoulder, closing her eyes again.  He pressed a kiss to her forehead and turned around.  Jeff stopped him.  “Let me take her.  You'll need to conserve your strength.”  
Chase shook his head.  “No.  If this is the last few hours I have to be with her, I'm going to take every second of them,” he growled then took off at a run back towards the compound. 
CHAPTER 18

It had taken more than an hour to get back to the compound and another one to tend to Carson's head.  The professional that Chase was, analyzed the wounds, carefully cleaning them, but the mate in him was seething.  Luckily there didn't seem to be a concussion, but he had almost lost dominance of his wolf again when he slid his hand behind her neck, finding the bite mark and causing her to flinch in pain.  Furrowing his brows, he gently pulled her hair aside and stared at the puncture wounds on her neck, fury turning his vision to red.  “He's lucky your animal was still suppressed,” he growled.  “If he had forced you to imprint, I would have already torn him to pieces.”  
“I thought that was what happened,” she mumbled.
He finished cleaning the punctures and dressed them then pressed his lips to her shoulder in a tender kiss.  “How about now? Has the serum worn off?”
Carson concentrated, calling inside for her wolf.  She was there, awake and basking in the love of their mate.  She relaxed.  “Yes, she's there and pretty happy at the moment.”  
He chuckled.  “So is mine.”  He nuzzled her gently then pressed his lips to her cheek.  “Rest.”  He started to get up and her hand shot out grabbing his wrist.  
“Please not yet.”  
He sat back down, taking her hand in his.  “You want me to stay with you?”
She chewed her bottom lip and his wolf growled.  It was just so damned sexy when she did that.  Reaching over, he tugged her lip free with his thumb. “You keep that up and we won't make it to our bond night.”  He chuckled softly.
“Chase, I'm serious,” she began.
“So am I,” he retorted.  “Baby, you don't know what you do to me.”  
She sighed.  “Please, be serious for just a minute.  About the challenge...”  
He tucked her hand back under the cover and gently pressed her back into the pillow.  “We're not talking about this.  He challenged and I accepted.  Now get some rest.  I'm going to be right here in the next bed, okay?”
She growled.  “Chase, if you die,” she started.
He arched one perfect auburn eyebrow.  “So much for faith in your mate,” he teased her.
She shook her head, causing the stars to make another appearance.  Blinking her eyes a few times she tried again.  “Chase, please, just listen to me.”  When she was sure she had his attention she continued.  “Micah is very strong.  He's been captain of the Enforcers a long time, has been fighting and hunting a very long time.  He's over a hundred years old – that's a lifetime to build up experience, skills and hatred.”  Her voice trailed off.
He cupped her face in his palm again and smiled gentle.  “I'm going to be fine.  He may be older, but I have you to come home to.  That’s a mighty big incentive.  I wasn't about to let the challenge go unanswered.  This has to end now.  If I don't do this, he's going to keep thinking he can have you.  That's not going to happen, Carson.  Not now, not ever.  He's already tried once, I won’t allow a second.”  
“But, you're a healer and a challenge is...”  
“Sometimes to the death.  Yes, I know, Love.  I know I have to fight smarter than him.  I'm no match for him in strength or ability, but I think perhaps he's no match for me mentally.  If I can wear him down, stay focused, I can find a weakness and utilize it.  I don't want to take a life – I’ve sworn to uphold life.  But Carson, make no mistake about it.  I may be a healer, but I'm a wolf and you are my mate.  Between the two, there's no question.  I will do what I must.”  His eyes had grown hard and she shivered.
“If you die,” she whispered, “I'll die too.  I can't live without you.”  
“If I die you'll go on, Carson.  You'll survive and I want you to.  You have responsibilities to this pack that you can't ignore.  Especially, if I die, you'll have to watch out for our people.  If he becomes beta or Luna forbid, alpha, Jeff is going to need all the support he can get.  Promise me.  You will continue on.  PROMISE ME!”  His hands had curled into fists.  
The tears poured freely.  “I promise,” the words were so soft, if it hadn't been for his augmented senses, he wouldn’t' have heard her.  “For you, Chase.  Not for responsibilities or for pack, but for you and you alone.”  
“He leaned in and kissed her again.  “I plan on winning.  I plan on living a very long life with you at my side and half a dozen pups running us ragged.  I plan on watching our children grow old and find their mates and our grandchildren as well.  So don't count me out just yet.”  He smiled at her.  “Now sleep.  Dawn is still a couple of hours away.”  
She heard him crawl into the bed next to hers and turn over.  Within moments, he was asleep and snoring softly.  She closed her eyes and willed herself to relax but she was too keyed up.  What if he didn't survive the challenge?  How could she keep her promise to him and continue on? Shaking her head, she chastised herself for even contemplating him not winning.  Some mate she was – already showing no faith in him.  He would win, he had to.  Rolling over she pulled the thin blanket up under chin and listened to the sounds of her mate sleeping nearby and waited for the morning to come.
.-~*~-.
The dawn was imminent, bringing with it a sky fat and sullen with thick gray clouds hanging low, threatening to spill a torrent of rain at any moment.  A brisk wind blew through the alleyways created from the intersection of buildings and the commons.  Whirls of mini tornadoes danced across the grounds bringing with them a flurry of gold, brown and red leaves.  On the perimeter of the commons, stood a ring of wolves, men women and children, all huddled in groups waiting for the challenge to begin.  Soft whispers intermingled with the gusts of wind, nervous laughter and the shuffle of fidgeting feet.  A challenge was a huge event for werewolves, one of the few that would pull them from their warm beds just before dawn.  A hush settled over the assembled and the circle parted, allowing the tall form of the former captain of the Enforcers to enter, before closing behind him.  On the other side a similar breech had formed, spitting forth the pack's healer.  The two wolves approached one another, stopping ten feet apart, glaring at each other, hate radiating off them like mid-day heat from desert rocks.  To the east, the gloomy sky brightened marginally, signaling the start of another day.  
“A challenge has been issued and accepted.”  
The voice of Elder Councilor Carl rang out over the assembled.  Every eye turned to Jeff's porch where the entire council along with Jeff, Will and the object of the challenge, Carson stood.  “Micah Simpson has challenged Chase Blackston for mating rights to Carson Hennison.  The tradition of challenges date back to the beginnings of our race.  Only the strongest, most agile and cunning survived to become leaders and to mate producing another generation of  wolves.  In those days, every challenge ended only with the death of one of the combatants.  Today, we are more civilized and our laws, even on this serious matter reflect it.  Therefore, as it is decreed, the challenge ends only when one of the participants either dies or submits.”  
“There will be no submission,” snarled Micah.  “I believe in the old ways.  One of the two of us will not leave this ring alive.”  
Carl looked at Chase who quickly nodded.  “It’s to the death then.”  There was a hushed murmur circling the gathered and he waited until it quieted before continuing.  “As the Elder of this council, I declare the challenge to be legal and binding.  May the best wolf win.  BEGIN!”
The air shimmered as bits of clothing exploded and littered the commons.  In an instant, two wolves, one black, the other red, appeared and crouched, facing each other.  Lips peeled back from fangs as growls sounded in warning.  They warily circled each other, golden eyes locked, snarls and snaps the only sound to break the silence.  Suddenly Micah snarled and sprang into action.  Chase saw the attack coming and stepped out of the way at the last moment, twisting his head and snapping at the larger wolf as he moved past.  Micah was too fast though and Chase only pulled a few tufts of fur away, spitting them to the ground.  Once again they circled each other then Chase lunged forward and landed where the other wolf had just been standing.  Suddenly a howl broke his muzzle as pain lanced through his hind quarter.  Micah had struck and latched onto Chase's leg, sinking fangs deep into the muscle and barely missing the bone.  There was a scream from the porch followed by Jeff's bark for Carson to not move.  Chase pulled his leg but could not dislodge his attacker.  Thinking quickly, he instead bunched his muscles and pushed his leg deeper into his attacker's muzzle, relying on the gag reflex to force him to release.  The ploy worked and Micah's jaws opened marginally.  Chase yanked his leg free.
Carson watched from the porch as the two faced each other again, circling and growling.  Her heart all but stopped beating when Micah feinted to the left then leaped to the right pinning Chase under his heavy paws.  Chase twisted his body, barely avoiding the snapping jaws as they descended towards his neck.  She let out a held breath as he managed to roll out from under the bigger wolf and regain his feet.
“He's going to have to fight smarter if he has any chance,” murmured Jeff.  “Micah is too big, too accustomed to fighting to be beaten with brute strength.  Chase has to think, use his brain.”  
Carson nodded numbly, her eyes not leaving the two as they again circled each other.  “He knows, Poppa,” she whispered.
Once again, Micah feinted to the left but this time Chase didn't fall for it and instead, held his ground.  Micah snarled and bunched his muscles throwing his body at Chase and bowling him over.  He landed on his back, the larger wolf straddling over him, jaws snapping towards the vulnerable softness of his neck.  Pulling his back paws up, Chase dug claws into the tender underside and raked down.  Micah howled and lunged away from him, a trail of blood dripping into the hard packed dirt.  Chase flipped over, hobbling on three legs, his eyes never leaving Micah as they again circled each other.  The pool of blood dripping under Micah expanded and his legs became shaky.  His tongue lulled out of his mouth and he began to pant.  He whimpered softly.
Chase quit growling and let his fur settle back against his form.  Taking a step forward, the healer in him turned his attention to the bloody mess of Micah's stomach, analyzing it from sight already thinking of what needed to be done.
It was a trap.
Time stood still for Carson as she watched Micah spring again at Chase, slamming into him with the force of a bulldozer.  The two rolled over and over, kicking up dirt and leaves until the dust settled and she screamed.  Chase was lying on his side, his injured leg bent under his body, Micah's huge black form standing over his body with jaws clamped firmly around his throat.  He squeezed and blood welled up from the puncture wounds, thick and richly red, pooling on the ground under him.  He raised one paw feebly in an attempt to ward off the attack but let it fall to the ground.  Slowly the golden hue of his eyes dimmed as they closed and he lay still.
There was a scream, long and high pitched made of agony and loss, coming from the porch.  All the color had drained from Carson's face and she sagged heavily.  In a flash, Cayson jumped the steps and grabbed his sister, gently lowering her to the hard wood deck.  His voice echoed dimly, “Carson...  Carson are you alright.  CARSON!”
Micah let out a triumphant howl and Carson moaned.  It was over.  She retreated into her center and collapsed against her wolf, both of them howling their distress as the world receded from their conscious and they were alone in their misery.  He was gone.  Dead.  Her heart shattered in a billion pieces and dissolved into white hot torment.  She couldn't breathe, couldn't think.  What would she do without Chase? How could she survive knowing a part of her was forever lost and never to be returned? In that instant she knew - there was no doubt that she could never live through this.  The pain was too great, too strong and powerful.  Inside, she was already dead; her body just hadn't realized it yet.  But soon it would.  Soon she would join her love in death.  
CHAPTER 19

The scream that echoed through the compound tore at Chase's heart, but he forced himself to remain unmoving.  By a stroke of luck, when Micah clamped on his throat, he missed the arteries by less than a half inch and instead caught the thick muscles.  Micah squeezed a little harder, almost cutting off his air and he forced himself to remain limp beneath him.  It was taking every ounce of strength he possessed to keep his wolf quiet, to wait out the opportunity that he knew was coming.
Fight smarter not harder.
Finally, he felt the jaws relax, confident that Chase was dead, Micah threw his head back and howled his victory.  Suddenly, the supposedly lifeless body under him moved, flipping Micah over on his back and locking his own jaws on the soft tissues of his neck.  Unlike Micah, he didn't make a mistake in anatomy.  He tasted the thick arterial flow as it flooded his mouth, felt the thump of fear as is pulsed against his canines.  With a growl, he snapped his neck to the right and tore the flesh from Micah's neck, spitting it out on the ground beside him.  With wary eyes, he watched as the flow first spurt forth heavily then slowed to a trickle until finally stopping completely.  The glow faded from Micah's eyes until they became dull honey, his muzzle hanging open and tongue lolling out.  At once, Micah's body changed again to that of a human.  Chase approached him warily and examined the corpse, confident that he was dead, took a step back and gave in to the pleasure of his wolf, throwing his head back, he howled triumphantly.  Quickly he shifted into human and hobbled to the porch, the throng parting ahead of him, until he reached her side.  Cayson scooted back.  “She just fainted,” he whispered and Chase acknowledged.  Scooping her up in his arms, Chase cradled her against his bloody body murmuring endearments.  
“The challenge is completed and the law has been upheld.  Remove the corpse and disburse from the area.  It's finished.  “ Carl turned and retreated to Jeff's house, the rest of the council following behind.  
Chase heard the Elder's declaration and sagged with relief.  Someone put a blanket around his shoulders.  He heard, rather than saw the crowd hurry away from the commons until only he, Carson, Cayson, and Jeff remained.
“Doc,” Cayson spoke softly.  “You need to get inside.  It's getting colder”
Chase ignored them.  His fingers gently pushed a lock of her inky black hair behind her ear.  “Wake up beloved.  Let me see those beautiful green eyes.”  Pressing his lips to her cheek, he flinched at the bloody mark left behind.  
“Chase,” Jeff began.
“I know,” he acknowledged.  Pressing another kiss to her beautiful face, he allowed Cayson to pick her up out of his arms.  His eyes stayed glued to her as he slowly got to his feet.  Now that the adrenaline was no longer coursing through his body, he felt every bruise, scrape and wound in his body.  Looking down, he saw the odd swelling in his leg along with dark purple bruising.  “Fractured fibula,” he murmured.  
Jeff slid his arm around his waist, Chase's arm on his shoulders.  “Come on healer, let’s get you to Molly.”  
Looking over his shoulder to ensure that she was close by he nodded.  “Okay.”  Slowly they made their way to the healer's hall just as the first icy drops fell from the sky to wash the blood from the commons.
.-~*~-.
Carson opened her eyes and blinked in bewilderment.  She was obviously in the healer's hall but why? She heard the gentle murmur of Molly coming from the back and turned her head, blinking as objects came into focus.  Her eyes fell upon the next bed and the form of her mate laying still, a sheet pulled up to his neck, spots of blood staining the pristine white where four punctures sat in his skin.  Suddenly it all came back to her; the challenge, the vision of Micah standing over him, his maw clamped tightly on her beloved's neck, the light in his eyes beautiful eyes dimming.  Horror and pain like she had never felt in her life washed through her.  Instinctively, her wolf knew she would not be able to handle the pain.  The beast clawed at her insides insisting on taking control, to spare Carson the worse of the agony.  As much as she would like to sink into oblivion, she couldn't right now, so she pushed her back down.  Instead, she slipped out of the bed and took the few steps to where he was laid out, so peaceful and serene.  They must have known she would want to say goodbye to him, must have surmised that she needed closure.  Tears, fat and hot, streaked down her cheeks, landing ignored on her chest.  White hot torment tore at the shreds of her heart and a huge black hole opened in her soul.  She had lost him.  Throwing herself across his chest, she let the sobs come, spilling tears on his body, weeping and pouring the tattered remnants of her soul out.
“Shh Baby, shhh.  I'm alright.  It's all okay,” she heard him say and then felt a hand in her hair.  She screamed, took a step back, clutching her hand to her heart, eyes wide in fear.  His gorgeous eyes were open and looking at her, a smile on those sexy lips.  She blinked a couple of times thinking she had truly gone over the deep end after all.  Stumbling backward, she stopped as her butt hit her bed.  He chuckled softly.  “No, Love, I'm not a ghost.”  
Molly laughed and shook her head, reaching up and pulling the curtain closed to give them some privacy.  “Ten minutes Chase.  You need rest.”  
“Quit doctoring the doctor,” he called out good-naturedly then turned his eyes back to her, the corners crinkling with concern.  Tossing the sheet off he started to rise off the bed.  Her eyes flickered over his form, noticing an air cast covering his right leg and bandages wrapped around his neck.  “Come here baby.”  He held out his hands towards her.  
She flew into his arms, covering his face with kisses, her arms gently twining around his injured neck.  “How? I saw you die.  I saw him...”  
He shook his head gently.  “He didn’t have a good hold.  I think he was so overconfident that I wasn't a real threat he got sloppy.  I just waited my time until he made a mistake.”  
“Then he's...”  
His eyes clouded.  “Dead.”  He took a deep breath.  “He will never bother you again, Love.  Just like I promised you, I will always take care of you.”  He scooted over just a little on the narrow bed and gently pulled her up beside him, grimacing when he jostled his injured leg.  
“Let me down, your leg...”  
“Is healing quickly.  Wolves heal very fast you know.  In a day or two, I’ll be good as new.  But just the same, I think a little Carson TLC would be perfect.”  
She melted against his side, laying her head on his shoulder, her body pressed tightly to his.  She sighed in contentment, nuzzling, as his arms wrapped around her.  
That's how Molly found them a few minutes later, wrapped tightly around each other, sound asleep.  Smiling, she re-closed the curtain and walked away.

CHAPTER 20

The storm blew itself out around midnight and the next day dawned bright and clear, with a pure crystal blue that almost hurt the eyes to gaze at.  The temperature had dipped considerably causing little puffs of white with every breath.  The pack was in an uproar, working frantically to get everything ready, again, for Chase and Carson's bonding.  The two had discussed it and decided that they would rather go ahead and complete the ceremony now with the moon waning than to wait another month for the next full moon as was traditional.  Given the events of the past few days, the council had acquiesced and gave their blessing.
The clearing shone brightly lit by a hundred torches and a scattering of borrowed patio firepots to lend warmth.  Overhead, the stars twinkled brightly and the moon smiled down at the couple standing before their alpha, declaring their love and devotion to each other.  
Chase reached over and touched the gemstone broach shining softly from the pale blue dress she had borrowed from Rachel.  Shooting a smile at his soon to be brother in law, he nodded his thanks.  Cayson had found it sitting in the grass of the little clearing in the neighboring woods.  When he returned it to his sister, she had cried.
“You look so beautiful,” he whispered to her.  Then taking her hand, they turned to face Jeff.
Clearing his throat, Jeff began the ceremony.  “The life of a wolf is long and filled with danger, and for this reason Luna has given to us the gift of life mates.  A life mate is that perfect entity that was created to love and be loved by one specific wolf.  Many times, finding a mate takes a long time, perhaps years or even decades, not to weaken us but so that we are truly thankful for them when we find them.  Luna knows what she's doing.“
He smiled at them.  “Chase and Carson have found each other at a very young age and as such, will have a lifetime to spend together – a lifetime of love, joy, and happiness but also sadness, pain and heartache.  However, this is the intrinsic meaning behind our mates – when one is weak the other is strong.  When one is hurt the other nurtures.  When one cries, the other comforts.  It is nature's greatest wisdom that she has blessed our people with so great a gift.  Our pack is doubly blessed for not only do we have a strong couple, but one that individually retains strong gifts - a dreamer and a healer.  Together they will care and nurture our pack.  Together they will strengthen our people through their own gifts and later through their children.”  
He turned to Will who had pulled out a cord made of vines.  Taking the cord he held it up.  “This is the cord of bonding.  Carson's mother and Chase's sister harvested vines in the woods that were carefully woven into one strand.  Vines are used to represent the wild feral side of our nature.  That they are created by those women who are closest to our hearts represent the fact that wolves are pack animals nurtured by our females.  Our females are precious and give to us the beginning of our lives.  It is only fitting that they be the ones to give us over to our new lives.  This is a representative of our lives, two mingling into one, becoming stronger than the two individuals.”  He looked at Chase and nodded.  
Chase leaned over and kissed Carson's cheek; then taking a small knife, he cut a few locks of her hair and then handed the knife to her where she did the same to him.  They held the hair out in their palms between them.  Jeff took the strands and quickly knotted them into the weave of the cord then wrapped the cord around their hands, tying them together.  
“This is your life, bound closely in the strands of your past and the lives of your families.  It is not complete until you find your mate and they combine with you to make your life stronger.  This is a bond that cannot be untied but must be severed to be removed.  To sever a life is to remove it from this world.  So also will your bond be.  Now that your lives are bound, so shall your blood be bound.”  
They turned to face each other and she swept her hair away from her neck, craning it slightly.  He stepped forward.  “Our blood will be intermingled, our hearts bound and our lives forever more tied together.”  Then he allowed his wolf to surface enough to cause his canines to elongate.  Moving in closer, he inhaled her fragrance; lilacs, vanilla and sweet honey.  Carefully he closed his jaws over her neck where it met the shoulder, puncturing her skin enough that he could taste her blood; it was ambrosia, sweet and delicious.  She gasped as the sensation of their lives becoming entwined curled through her core.  Gently he removed his mouth and licked the drops of blood that welled to the surface.  
“Our blood will be intermingled, our hearts bound and our lives forever more tied together,” she whispered then standing on her tiptoes, sunk her own canines into the sweet flesh of his shoulder.  As she tasted his blood, the binding was complete, fusing their lives together inseparability until they could each feel each other nestled into their souls.  She licked the wound gently and pulled back, smiling at him tenderly, her eyes glossy with unshod tears.  
He raised his hand and cupped her cheek, running his thumb over her lips, removing a drop of blood that still remained.  “Forever,” he murmured.  
“Forever,” she responded.  
Then they kissed, unhurried, full of the love they carried for each other until they broke apart breathlessly to applause.  Raising their still bound hands high in the air Chase shouted “FOREVER!!”
.-~*~-.
The newly bonded couple had made their excuses shortly after midnight and slipped off from the revelry.  Stepping into the forest, they undressed and shifted, slipping into the night quietly.  Chase's leg was almost healed, and it felt good to be able to stretch it.  After a good run, they found themselves at the lake and shifting back, Carson dove into the chilly waters, surfacing with a gasp.  “Dear Luna, that is cold,” she said through chattering teeth.  
He laughed then dove in after her, swimming under the placid surface then wrapping a hand around her ankle, pulled her under.  Clamping his mouth on hers, he slid his tongue into her lips and tasted her.  Together they broke the surface, arms and legs tangled as their lips sought each other, kissing with a fevered passion.  He slid his hand into the wet length of her hair, knotting his fingers in the tresses.  The kiss broke and she moaned softly, her head falling back exposing her neck to him.  He groaned and kissed along the pale length to her shoulder and the still fresh mark still there.  “Exquisite,” he mumbled.  She shuddered as his breath slid over her wet skin, trailing kisses down.  With the new bond between them, she could feel what he felt, could sense his amazement and wonder at the knowledge that she was finally and truly his.  Her heart beat faster.
They made love on the banks of the Sapphire Lake as the moon watched over them.  Afterwards, they lay together, enjoying the sweet harmony of their love.
 “Oh wow,” she breathed.
He chuckled.  “That was just the first round.  Let's go home to a soft bed and we'll see how many rounds it takes before we both collapse in exhaustion.”  
“I like how you think, Dr.  Blackston,” she giggled softly.  “I love you.”  
“I aim to please, Mrs.  Blackston,” he rumbled.  “I love you too.”  
She kissed him and jumped up.  “Last one back has to go get our clothes,” she grinned and shifted, taking off towards his...  no their cabin.  
He laughed, “you little minx!” then shifted and bolted after her. 
CHAPTER 21

Carson sat on the porch, Indian style, a blanket wrapped around her naked form, as the last of the stars gave up the sky to the sun.  Closing her eyes, she felt the first waves of warmth beaming down upon her face.  
“And just what are you doing awake? I figured you would still be asleep?”  
She tipped her head back and smiled at her mate as he walked out of the cabin wearing only a pair of sweats slung low on his hips.  She opened the blanket.  “Watching the sunrise.  Come join me.”  
He stopped and gawked at her naked form, reaching down and adjusted himself.  “Baby, you need to be careful flashing all that around.  You make it difficult to breath...  stand...  walk...  think...”  
She grinned at him mischievously.  “Well if you don't want...”  She teased him gently and began to slowly close the blanket.
“Now where did you hear me say I didn't want?” He chuckled and slid in against her body, closing the blanket over them both.  Carefully he pulled her into his lap and tucked the edges of the blanket tightly around them.  “Mmm.  A guy could definitely get used to this.”  
“I intend on you getting very used to my body against yours.”  The words were a soft seductive promise that wrapped her even tighter around his heart.
He grinned and cupped her face, tilting it towards him.  Drawing her bottom lip into his, he gently sucked it.  Under her hip, she felt his arousal and broke the kiss.  “Breakfast,” she murmured.  “Don't start something that we won't have the time to properly finish.  We are already late as it is.”  
He sucked in a breath and growled.  “I know we promised your folks we'd come for breakfast but can't it wait till, say...  next month?”
The laugh that bubbled from her lips lifted his spirits and made his inner beast sit up and take notice.  Damn but she was sexy as all hell and she was his, all his.
“You get me for the rest of your life, Beloved.  Poppa wants us there for the council's breakfast.  They are leaving today and seeing how they were kind enough to travel all this way to see us bonded, we should at least be nice enough to convey our thanks in person.”  She nipped his lip again.  “I promise after they leave I'm all y...”  She stopped mid-sentence, her eyes glazed over and body becoming stiff as a board.  Eyes rolling back in her head she felt the tug of the dream as it captured her.  Surrendering to it, she let the stream pull her into the depths and merge with her consciousness.  Part of her could hear Chase as he called her name; dimly she was aware of him shaking her.  “Dream,” she whispered then locked him out of her concentration.
Normally she had to coax a dream into being, had to push herself into someone's stream.  However, on very rare occasions, a dream would push itself onto her.  It had happened only twice before to her, so it took her completely by surprise.  Looking around the stream, she wrinkled her brow and tried to ascertain whose stream had called her.  The images flickered through her mind quickly melting from one to the next.  She ignored them; they were inconsequential.  Looking deep into the stream she saw the approach of a particularly strong image.  Concentrating on it, the image steadied and expanded.  
She stood in the midst of a grouping of rough cabins, in a sort of common grounds, with several others standing in a rough circular pattern.  The clothing they wore consisted of long dresses covering from neck to feet or homespun shirts and trousers held up by suspenders.  “The past,” she murmured and turned her attention to the two wolves battling in the middle.  It was obvious this was a challenge, but for whom?
Her host looked up at a somewhat familiar looking woman standing beside them, a grim look upon her face.  She was watching the combatants unblinking as they tore the ground up, wincing occasionally.  They turned their attention back to the ring as one wolf, a huge brute well over five foot tall at the shoulders, sunk his jaws into the neck of the other one, twisting quickly and snapping it.  He took a step back and howled his triumph.  The woman next to her gasped and picked her up, hurrying away from the challenge ring.  The woman was her mother, the dead wolf, their father who had challenged for alpha and failed.  
She ran to a small cabin on the outskirts of the village, grabbing a bag and put it on her back.  Behind them she heard, “The traitor has been disposed of.  The laws have been satisfied.”  Mother stopped a second and grabbed her hand.  “No tears now.  We have to go before they find us.”  Shouldering the bag, she pulled her into the woods then picked her up and half shifted began to run.
The dream threw them out of the scene and she felt tears on her face.  She sympathized for the poor wolves that had lost a mate, father and home all in one day.  But the dream wasn't through with her; she was still immersed in the stream.  Waiting patiently as the images flew past her, faster and faster, none stopping, abruptly she found herself on a median and realized she was crossing the now and speeding into the future stream.  She braced herself knowing these images would not be as clear and would consist mostly of phantom, unsubstantial maybes.  Still there was a reason she was still here so she waited.
She crossed the median and plunged again into the stream.  Immediately, an image slammed into her and though it was hazy, it was clear enough for her to make out the formal dining room of her father's house that was used only for official events.  Concentrating again, she willed the host to look around and look at each person at the table.  At the head, her father had let Carl take the place of honor as Elder Councilor, opting to take the next seat to his right between Carl and the host.  Opposite, she could see Councilors Archie and Oliver as they talked softly.  She looked to her right two empty spots that would have been filled by herself and Chase – seems Chase had gotten his way after all.  Across from them and sitting next to her and her host, Cayson and his mate, Zandria.  She could feel her host wrinkle a brow trying to understand why a human had bonded with a wolf but shrugged it off.  The table was completed with Gretchen, oldest of the council, sitting at the foot of the table in the spot normally reserved for Mother as the alpha female.  The door opened and she saw her mother walk in carrying a tray heaping with eggs, sausage, bacon, ham, biscuits and the obligatory grits and gravy.  Jeff jumped up to help her take it but she shook her head.  “I have it,” she murmured and placed the tray on the table then taking a seat.  
She saw her host's hand reach for a fork and tapped lightly on a glass.  “Attention.”  
Carson realized at that moment she was sharing a stream with Maggie Watson, the final member of the council.  “Please, a moment of your time.”  
All eyes turned to them and she stood up.  
“I would like to propose a toast.  To the strength of Sapphire Lake Pack.”  
As one they lifted their glasses.  She lifted hers as well and smiled at them.  “May it never know another day of loss, of pain, or distress.  May it never feel the anguish of losing a child, a mate, a home, a father.  May it survive and thrive...”  She turned her attention to her left and looked at Jeff.  “...  and never feel the taint of a Hennison again!”
She drew a silver knife out of her dress pocket, wincing as the metal stung and burned her hand.  Quickly, she pulled it back and plunged it into the chest of the alpha.  The room became deathly quiet for a moment then screams erupted as she let the knife go, leaving a deep burn on her hand, pushing the chair back and fleeing out the door.  Quickly she shifted and bolted for the woods, leaving behind panic and screams that caressed her lupine ears like a bedtime lullaby.
She was thrown out of the stream and the dream, leaving her shaking and gasping for breath.  Chase was looking at her with panic in his eyes.  “Baby?” he whispered.  His voice cracked from the strain.
“She’s going to kill him!  We have to go.  We have to go right now.”  
She jumped up and ran into the cabin, pulling on the first thing she could find, a sweatshirt, slacks and a pair of mismatched shoes.
“Who...  Who is going to kill whom?”
“Councilor Maggie is going to kill Poppa.  I saw it in the dream.  Please we have to go stop it now.”  
He was already pulling his clothes on and grabbing her hand, pulled her out the door behind him. 
CHAPTER 22

Will was just waking and had walked out on his porch stretching, contemplating going for a run.  Looking behind him, he saw Amanda curled up asleep on the sofa.  She had gotten so much better since Cayson had found his mate and no longer had any interest in her.  True, he would have loved to have seen his daughter with a Hennison, but the events of that night had so affected her, throwing her into a coma that took nearly a week to wake from, he could understand her fear.  Oh well, it worked out better when nature took care of these things.  
Taking a step off the porch, he heard a crash and saw Chase and Carson run into the commons like they were being chased by a pack of demons.  Jumping off the porch he stopped them.  “Hey!  What's going on? Shouldn't you two be at the breakfast?”
Carson's face had drained of all color and her eyes were wide.  Immediately, he looked at the forest where they had just emerged, expecting … something to come crashing through, but nothing appeared.  
Turning back to them he furrowed his brow.  “What's going on here? What are you two running from?”
“She's going to kill him.”  Carson gasped then leaned over, bracing her hands on her knees.  Fear had sapped her strength.
“Who's going to kill who?”  Will scratched his head.  
Chase put an arm protectively around her waist.  “She had a dream, Will.  She saw Councilor Maggie Watson kill Jeff.”  
“Kill Jeff? Why in the world would she do that? Are you sure she didn't just have a nightmare?”  He frowned uncertainly
Carson stood up and grabbed Will's arm.  “It was a dream.  I was in her stream and I saw it.  She was driven from this pack as a child and has been waiting for revenge ever since.  I saw it Will.  She is planning on killing Poppa with a silver knife in her dress pocket.”  
He snarled and whirled, running to the alpha's house.  With a leap he cleared the steps and landed on the porch.  Turning the knob he raced inside, Chase and Carson close behind, then motioned them to be quiet.  He tiptoed to the door and they heard Maggie, starting her toast.
“Attention.  Please a moment of your time.”  
Carson hissed and started forward.  Chase pulled her back.
“Although the newly bonded couple decided to not join us, not that I can blame them for being young and so...  in love,” she paused, “I would like to propose a toast to them and to the strength of Sapphire Lake Pack.”  
“She’s going to do it,” Carson hissed.  “Right now she's putting her hand into her dress pocket and getting the knife.”  
“...  May it never know another day of loss, of pain, of distress...”  
Will snarled and burst through the door, startling everyone.  “Will? What's the meaning of this?” Jeff stood up and set his raised glass on the table.
Will marched over to Maggie and pulled her hand out of her pocket wrapped around the handle of a long blade.  “A silver knife, Councilor? What were you going to do with that?  Maybe thrust it into Jeff's chest?”
She screamed and yanked her hand out of his.  Turning towards Jeff she raised her hand back and prepared to plunge it into his chest.  Will roared, grabbed Jeff and pushed him out of the way.  The knife arched downward until it was buried to the hilt in Will's back.  He hissed then sagged against his alpha.  Cayson snarled and grabbed the woman.  Flipping the bloody blade out of her hands and pinning her arms behind her back he dragged her back out of the way.  Jeff caught the beta as he fell forward, gently lowering him to the ground.  “Somebody find Chase,” he yelled.
“I'm already here.”  Chase made his way to Will and knelt beside him.  Checking his vitals, the room held its collective breath.  Sucking in a deep breath, Chase closed his eyes and shook his head.  “I'm sorry, he's gone Jeff.”  
There was a gasp.  Jeff raised his eyes to Maggie.  “Why?”
“It was a Hennison, a filthy Hennison that killed my father, that forced us from our home – this home.  Your grandfather killed my father for challenging him for alpha of this pack.  He died and my mother and I were forced to run, to turn rogue without a home or family.  She died much too young and left me to this world alone.”  She narrowed her eyes.  “Then that damned mate run was supposed to fix everything.  Micah should have won.  He should have claimed Carson and secure the alpha position.  Finally my family was going to get back what it deserved.  My son was going to be alpha!”
She screamed hatred at them and kicked out.  Cayson held her tightly in his arms as she fought against him.  After several moments, Patrick burst in the door followed by Ellis and several other members of the Enforcers.  “Take her out of here,” Jeff growled and turned his attention back to the cooling form of his beta.  
“Hold her in the pack room.  I want to talk to her.”  Carl's eyes never left Will's body lying in a spreading pool of blood.  He reached out and touched Jeff's shoulder.  He opened his mouth to say something, but closed it and instead gave the alpha's shoulder a gentle squeeze.
Chase stood up and turned away, pulled a still shaking Carson in his arms.  Pressing a kiss to her forehead, he felt her tears wet the front of his shirt.  “Shh, baby,” he murmured softly.
“Will's dead.  Poor Amanda and Gemma, what will they do without him?” she croaked brokenly.
“Survive,”  he murmured.
.-~*~-.
The next evening, Sapphire Lake pack gathered again in the clearing.  Unlike the evening two days ago, this union was not in joy but rather the sadness of saying goodbye.  Solemn faces surrounded the pyre that had been erected, Will's prone body laid on top.  Carson stood with his daughters, their faces ashen and tear-stained.  
Gretchen stood before the pyre and addressed the masses.  “Tonight we come to say our goodbyes to a wolf, a friend, a father, a beta.  William Thistle was a good man, father of two beautiful girls and a protector of our people.  He gave his life so that evil would not win, that darkness would not take this world.  And though we may never fully understand why he was taken from us so young, we know that this world was made so much better by his presence.”  
The eulogies continued, people stepping forward to share their thoughts, anecdotes and memories of Will and all he had done.  Nearby, Gemma and Amanda stood stonily as words that were meant for comfort spoke of how great a wolf their father had been.  Afterward, they were given the honor of setting the wood to blaze, then stood by watching as it consumed his lifeless body.  When the fire was reduced to embers, Miriah and Carson gently guided them back to the village and into their house, getting them settled in for the night.
Carson stepped out on their porch and hugged herself.  “I feel so bad for them.  First their mom died when Gemma was born and now to lose their father.”  
Miriah slipped a hand around her daughter's waist.  “They've lost a father but we will always be here for them.  Pack takes care of pack.”  
She nodded.  “I know Mother, but I just can't help but think how horrible it would be if something happened to you or Poppa.  It makes my chest hurt just to think about it.”  
They took a step off the porch.  Miriah squeezed her daughter's hand.  “I know.  I have the same fears about you and Cayson.  It's part of who we are.  It's part of family.”  
Ellis appeared out of the shadows.  “Excuse me ladies.  Jeff sent me over to get you.  I need to escort you two back to your houses.”  
Miriah frowned.  “Why do we need an escort?”
He fidgeted slightly, rubbing his hand across his neck.  “While we were at the funeral, Maggie escaped.”  
CHAPTER 23

Sunlight streamed brightly through the window, casting its gaze on the still sleeping form of Carson.  She lay on her stomach, facing him with one arm thrown carelessly over her pillow.  Beside her, Chase lay propped up on his elbow, watching the soft rise and fall of her back.  Reaching over, he gently lifted one of the heavy ebony curls that lay across her cheek and tucked it tenderly behind her ear.  His heart swelled as he watched her peacefully sleeping.  This beautiful woman was so much more than he could have ever hoped for and though he knew he didn't deserve her love, he would do everything in his power to ensure he kept it.
His finger slowly slide along her bare arm, the gentle stroke making tingles flow through his nerves.  He smiled as he remembered their lovemaking last night after the funeral.  Since the bonding, they had taken time to explore each other slowly and tenderly.  Last night, however, they had attacked each other with an almost desperate fire that threatened to consume them.  His eyes glazed over and a smug grin lifted his lips as he recalled how she had growled at him, rolling over until she was on top.  They had loved long into the night until finally collapsing spent and sated into each other's arms just before dawn.
“That's some grin on your face.  What are you thinking, Dr.  Blackston?”  Her softly whisper interrupted his thoughts.
He leaned down and kissed her tenderly.  “Thinking about last night and again this morning.”  
She rolled over and stretched, reaching far above her head, causing the sheet to slide down her front, exposing her breasts and the red and white mating mark to his eyes.  He watched her appreciatively then leaned down kissing the place just over her left breast, his hand slipping under the sheet to splay on her flat stomach.
She sighed happily, clutching his hand in hers.  “I know what's on your mind, but you're going to have to wait.  It's almost noon and Poppa called this morning wanting to see us at one.”  
He growled and pulled her naked form against his.  “Jeff will have to wait,” he breathed into her ear.
She squealed and pretended to fight against him, but he wasn't fooled.  With a kiss, she stilled and with a touch, she was captured.  Pressing herself against him, she kissed him passionately, twining her fingers in his auburn hair.  When the kiss broke, she closed her eyes, tipping her head back and exposing her neck to him.  He growled softly, nipping at her chin before following the line of her neck to that place where her pulse thumped in time to his.  His bite mark, already healed to pale white scars beckoned to him and he closed his mouth over it.  Fangs slid from his gums as he again sunk them into her tender flesh.
Carson felt his bite and gasped.  Steeling her resolve, she gently pushed him.  “Chase, we really need to go,” she sighed softly.  
Reluctantly let her shoulder go.  Snarling softly he breathed into her ear, “do you really want to leave?”
“No.  I don't want to leave but we have to.  He said it was important and that it involved my capacity as dreamer for the pack.  It's my duty and I have to go.”  She searched his eyes and saw the desire burning for her.  She shivered.  “Please?”
He closed his eyes and fought to get himself under control.  “If you say we have to then I guess we do.”  He said evenly.
She nodded sadly.  “Poppa said it was important.  Otherwise, I would just ignore it.  We have to go.”  
He nodded and rolled over on his back, throwing his arm over his eyes and took several cleansing breaths, fighting the need to take her.  Quickly she slipped out of the bed, stepped carefully around the tangled covers and looked back at him.
The look he gave her almost sent her back to the bed with him.  She stared at him then pulled her bottom lip into her teeth and chewed gently.  He stood up with a growl and pulled it out, rubbing it with his thumb.  “If you don't stop doing that, I don't care what my alpha says, we aren't going anywhere for at least a day or two.”  
She shivered and tore her gaze from the golden brown eyes that burned into her soul.  Without another word, she slipped into the bathroom and closed the door.  A moment later he heard the shower start.  
He thought about her standing naked as the warm water sluiced over her delicious curves.  His crotch tightened and he heard his animal whine.  I want our mate.  Forget about the alpha.  I want our mate now.  Raking his fingers through his hair, he growled softly.  “You and me both buddy.”  
.-~*~-.
“This better be good, Jeff.  You do know we are on our honeymoon?”  Chase strolled into Jeff's office and fell onto the sofa, pulling Carson into his lap.  He glanced at the clock and noticed it was still ten minutes till one.  “See I told you we would be on time.”  He squeezed her tenderly.
Jeff huffed and arched an eyebrow.  “Yeah, I know you're on your honeymoon.  This is important.  The Council has called a meeting and insisted you both be here.  Be thankful I was able to stall till now.  They wanted to meet at eight this morning.”  
Chase snorted.  
“Thanks, Poppa,” Carson settled in her mate's lap.  “So what's the big meeting about?”
He shook his head.  “I'm not sure.  Probably they want to just clear everything up before leaving.”  
A gentle rap at the door was followed by it opening and admitting the remaining four members of the Council.  Carson slid off Chase's lap and sat beside him with her hand wrapped protectively in his.  There were a few murmured greetings and polite inquiries regarding health.  Once everyone found a seat and got comfortable, Councilor Carl stood up.
“I know you are all wondering why we've called you here today.”  He started.  His voice was calm and even, so unlike his normal manner.  Carson glanced at her mate.  He shrugged his shoulders slightly and they both looked back at the Elder.
Taking a deep breath, he let it out slowly.  “First off, we find ourselves in much the same situation that brought us here last summer.  Your pack, once again, has no beta.  We, the council, talked about this at length last night and have decided that we are going to appoint Chase as your new beta.”  
Carson's mouth flopped open.  Beside her he sat in shocked silence.  “I'm what?” he finally asked.
Gretchen snickered softly.  “You're the new beta, Chase.  You have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that you have the strength, will and intelligence to handle the position.”  
He shook his head disbelievingly.  “I can't.  I'm a healer and I have too many responsibilities.  People depend on me.  Thank you but I decline.”  
Carl's eyes had hardened.  “You will not decline, Blackston.  As for responsibilities and people depending on you, they will continue to do so in your new position.  The council has spoken.”  He slapped his hand on the desk.
He growled and shook his head.  “Molly can't handle the healing here alone...”  
“She's not going to.  We are going to move your father, Terry, here to help.”  Gretchen said quietly.  “Your sister, Emma, is fully capable to take care of Roanoke pack.”  
He sat back and couldn't help but smile.  Emma would be thrilled at this opportunity to take care of their pack and he could think of few he would rather see assume his position at Sapphire Lake than his own father.  “Very well.  But only until a more suitable candidate turns up.”  
The council stood as one.  “If you'll excuse us, we need to be getting back to our compound.  We need to start to work on finding someone to fill Maggie's place.”  Carl said.  
“I know the perfect person,” Chase grinned at them.  
“Who?” Gretchen asked.
“It's simple,” Chase replied.  “Molly.”  
EPILOGUE

The first birds of spring sang softly outside the Healer's hall as Chase worked on getting the last of the pack records into the computer.  Grumbling softly, he tossed another stack of files onto the growling pile marked completed and cupped his face in his hands.
“That bad?”
He looked up and smiled as his mate stood framed in the doorway.  “I'm a healer not an I.T.  Guru.”  Standing up he moved to the door and kissed her tenderly, resting one hand on the gentle swell of her belly.  “How are you feeling?”
“Better.  I think maybe I'll survive this whole pregnancy thing after all.”  
He laughed.  “Love, you are only in your first trimester.  Believe me it'll get worse before it gets better.”  
She groaned.  “Just remember our deal.  I take care of the first 9 months, you take the next.”  
He laughs and hugged her close.  “Deal.”  
Turning, he moved out of the way and pointed to the chair.  “Sit.”  
“Gladly.”  She sighed grateful and dropped into the chair.  “If I'm this miserable now, I'm going to be a nightmare when its time.”  
“I'll still love you, Baby” he grinned.
“Oh, I forgot to tell you.  I heard from Molly.  She's finally settling in with the Council and as she says, 'Getting them whipped in shape'.”  She chuckled.  “Poor Councilor Abernathy.  I don’t' think he knew what he was getting when they accepted her as a new member.”  
He leaned back.  “Did you tell her about the records we found?”
She nodded and then sighed.  “Poor Leo.  He had no idea that discovering Maggie Watson was actually Micah's mother, Margaret Simpson, would result in his death.  He deserved better than that.”  
“He did,” he agreed and smiled at her.
“Well I can't sit around all day.  I have a million things to do, including a trip into Roanoke with Mother to meet Emma for tea and baby shopping.”  She stood up and patted the tiny bump of her belly.  “Never can get too much shopping”
He groaned.  “The new nursery we're building on the cabin is going to be too small before we even get it done.  You do know that it’s not necessary to buy out every store for 100 miles around, don't you?”
“Of course I know.  But I prefer to be prepared.”  She took a step towards the door then stopped.  “Oh, I forgot to tell you.  Your father is over checking on Devon's son.”  
Chase groaned.  “Don't tell me he's been fighting again.”  
She laughed and nodded.  “Yep.  Only this time he picked on the wrong one.  Patrick's boy gave him several good knocks including a rather nasty slash on his thigh.  I hear it'll make a pretty impressive scar.  He's been trying to get Gemma's attention for months now.  That may very well do it.”  
He shook his head.  “Well, boys will be boys I suppose.”  
“And wolves will be wolves,” she retorted.  “Are you going to be late tonight?”
He looked at the desk with its slowly dwindling pile of papers.  “Don't worry.  I'll be ready to pamper your poor tired shopped out feet by the time you get home.  I think another few hours or so and I'll call it a night.”
She narrowed her eyes.  “You know this isn't your responsibility now.  Terry is our pack healer since the council elevated you to beta.  He should be the one doing all that.  You have other responsibilities.”  
“I know, Love.  I just want to finish getting these records entered.  I hate leaving anything half done.”  
“Well okay,” she tossed her hair over her shoulder, then tied it into a knot at the nape of her neck.  “Please don't forget the time.  My feet are already anticipating a nice massage, and I would like to go for a swim before bed.”  
He crossed the room and swept her up in his arms.  The gentle golden glow of his eyes fastened on and then plunged into the endless depths of hers.  His wolf was growling softly, a low rumble in his chest.  Leaning in he murmured.  “I'm already swimming.”  

The End


Dear Reader,
Thank you for reading Shattered Dreams, book one of Luna's Children.  I hope you enjoyed Chase and Carson's story.
For more information regarding the series, Luna's Children, please go to www.melissakayclarke.com or check out my Facebook page, www.facebook.com/Melissakayclarke
~ Melissa

Following is an excerpt from Broken Melody, book two of Luna's Children.

Broken Melody
Coming January 2014
¸¸.•*¨*•♫ ♬ ♪ ♩ ♪•*¨*•.¸¸
It was a beautiful day, the kind of day that was made for being outdoors in the sunshine.  Bright blue skies were dotted with white puffs of clouds and the wonderful heat of the sun beamed down in silent blessing.  A gentle wind slid down the hills and through the trees into the little valley were its inhabitants found any reason they could to enjoy the early break from the deep South summer.  The trees had burst forth with vibrant green leaves while underneath, a multitude of flower blossoms danced and swayed.
In the middle of the meadow, a young girl, no more than eight years old, crouched, giggling softly as her best friend, Tammy, called out numbers.  She flattened herself on the grass when she heard the girl call out, “Ready or not, here I come!” Several moments passed, Tammy thrashed noisily around in the tall grass until finally spied her prey.  She squealed, “I see you!” and ran in for the tag.  
The girl jumped up and bolted as fast as her little pudgy legs could go.  Reaching her hands out to touch the trunk designated as home base, she almost made it when she tripped and fell headlong into the tree.  There was a thump, followed by a burst of stars in her eyesight as her forehead made connection with the immovable object.  Carried by the momentum, she rolled into the tree and then slid off to the side.  She laid there a moment, blinking her eyes to clear the bursts of lights dancing in her vision.  Raising her hand up, she pressed it against her head and pulled it away bright red with blood.  Looking down, more  blood splattered across her shirt as well.
“Mumma is gonna get me,” she whimpered.
“Stupid freak! Didn't even know I was there because you can't see! You're just a human freak! A real wolf would have known and could see! You're just a Cur! Freak! Stupid!”
She felt the tears burn, threatening to run down her cheeks.  Through the blur, she could make out Jeremy, Lucas and Henry laughing and pointing at her.  Their cries of “Freak,” “Human,” and the most vile of all names, “Cur,” echoed in her ears.  Slowly she stood up and faced them, her hands clenched into fists at her side.  She glared at them.  These three had been bullying her for years, ever since the pack healer had figured out she was missing her inner wolf, the spirit that every werewolf had inside.  Her mumma always told her to ignore them, to not let them bother her, but they did.
Standing there, facing them as they continued to jeer at her, her anger burned hotter and hotter until her eyes began to glow, shifting from deep sapphire to sky blue.  Her hair blew back as if touched by the wind; her cheeks stained a bright pink.  Drawing a deep breath, she opened her lips and screamed as hard as she could at them.
“GO AWAY!!!!”
The world stopped and held its breath as she poured all the pain, hurt and frustration into her cry.  Once she had run out of wind, she staggered forward, her strength completely depleted and dropped to hands and knees.  Raising her head, she saw Tammy staring at her, wide-eyed, face pale white.  
They were alone.
“You made them disappear,” Tammy whispered.  “They're gone.”
Turning, Tammy ran back towards the village, screaming at the top of her lungs.  “She made them disappear!  She made them go away!  Zandria made them go away!”
¸¸.•*¨*•♫  ♪  ♪•*¨*•.¸¸
Gasping for breath, Zandria sat bolt upright in bed, one hand fumbling for the light switch beside her.  Sweat plastered her hair to her face and her heart thundered in her chest. The light tank and shorts she wore to bed were twisted around her torso as evidence of the tossing she had done.  Her covers lay in a heap on the floor.  Several moments passed before she was able to get her breathing under control and her pulse to steady. The nightmare, one of many that continuously haunted her, had felt as real as the day it had actually happened.
She jumped when she heard pounding on her front door.  Slipping out of bed, she slid her feet into her slippers and glancing at the oversized clock, squinting until she could make out the numbers.  Only one person would be beating her door down at two a.m.  Wiping her face with a tissue, she took a breath then opened the door.
“Zan? Are you alright? I felt you panicking,” Cayson's emerald green eyes fastened on her worriedly.  She turned away quickly.
Damn that gift of his that allowed him to pick up on emotions.  Just when she thought she had a good handle on hiding hers from him, she learned just how wrong she was.  It was getting harder to shield herself from him and the effort was taking a toll on her.  She knew without looking that there were dark circles under her eyes and the faint white scars that crossed her face would be standing out.  Wearily, she nodded.  “Just a nightmare,” she murmured.  “You didn't have to come all the way over here.
He chuckled and the sound sent little tingles through her body and her toes curled appreciatively.  Reaching down, he picked her up like she weighed nothing, stepped inside and closed the door with his foot.
“Put me down, please.” She pushed against the thick expanse of his muscled chest.  It was like trying to move a building. “Cayson, please?”
He grinned at her in that lopsided way that made her heart skip a beat, pressed a kiss to her forehead and gently set her down on her feet again.  
She took a step back and knuckled her fists on her hips.  “I don't recall inviting you into my house.”
One eyebrow shot up and he looked down at her.  “I didn't think I would have to wait for my mate to invite me in.”
“I'm not your ma...,” she began.  
He stopped her with a growled, “not yet.”
Zandria threw her hands up.  “How many times are we going to go through this? I've told you over and over, I'm not interested.  You are so stubborn!”
He snorted.  “I'm the stubborn one?” He pointed to a small round mark over her left breast, approximately two inches in diameter made of red and white swirls and lines resembling a fingerprint.  “That says differently.  That one and this one,” he touched his own mark, a mirror image to hers, “says we are mates.  Our hearts say it and so do our souls.  The only one refuting it is you.” 
“You don't understand,” she huffed and flopped on the sofa, pulling her legs up to sit Indian style.   Picking up one of the small brown pillows, she hugged it to herself with both arms.
Cayson folded his six foot five inch body up and sat beside her.  Even though she was plump, having curves where most wolves were all lean muscle, he dwarfed her, making her feel almost petite.  Reaching a hand out he cupped her face.  His touch sent electricity racing through her nerves to center in her chest.  “Then make me understand, Honey, because I really don't.  I know you can feel that, feel us.  Why do you fight it so hard?” 
His words were soft and beseeching, his beautiful face wrinkled in concern and just a touch of hurt.  Zandria's eyesight was failing and the room dim, but she knew every inch of that face and though she would like to ignore it, his pain tore at her heart.  Shoring up her defenses, she pulled her face out of his hand.  “I'm not fighting anything.  You think you want me and that I'm the right mate for you, but I'm not.  I'm not even a real wolf.”
He growled.  “We've had this conversation before.  I don't think it, I know it.  I spent four years thinking I was in love with Amanda Thistle, four years waiting for her to realize it too.  I was told that one day I would look into the eyes of my true mate and forget what Amanda looked like.  I didn't believe it then but now I do.  Zandria, I couldn't tell you the last time I saw her, what she was wearing or what she was doing, but I can recite to you everything about you going all the way back to the day you first arrived here.  I know what color hair band you wore last week.  I can tell you that your toes were painted pale pink for three days and you had a small spot on your pinky toe on your right foot.  The cutoff shorts you wore yesterday had one string that was twice as long as the others.  I notice everything about you.”  He leaned in and touched her knee.  “Everything about you interests me.  It interested me even before you finally let me look in your eyes!”
She swallowed and tried a different line of reasoning.  “But Amanda...”
“Wasn't my mate.  She knew it, her family knew it, my family knew it.  By Luna, everyone knew it.  Even my own wolf - he knew she wasn't right for me, for us, but he knows you are.  It's nature.  We are made for each other.”
She shook her head.  “Your wolf is wrong.  I don't have one.  I'm a freak, a human born to wolf parents.  I'm just a.. a..”  She swallowed then forced herself to say the hateful word.  “   a cur.”  She lowered her head hiding her face behind a curtain of blonde.  “I'm nothing,” she finished softly.
The tone of his voice steeled.  “You aren't 'nothing', and you damn well are not a cur.  Don't let me ever hear you call yourself such a filthy word again!” He took a breath and softened a bit when she flinched.  “You are a wolf.  Humans and wolves can't be life mates.  The link that forms between them is a doubled connection – human to human and animal to animal.  You are a wolf, a beautiful, wonderful, exciting one and you are my mate.  We are trying to find out more about your gift and maybe explain why your beast is repressed, but one thing I know as much as I know my own name, you definitely have one.  Maybe it's your gift? It's so special, there hasn't been one like you in centuries and we aren't sure what all it means.”
She looked up, tears welling in her eyes.  “I don't want to be special.  I want to be normal just like everyone else.  This isn't a gift, it's a curse and I hate it.  My whole life I've had to deal with it.  You don't know what I've gone through,” she spat out bitterly.
“Then tell me.  Zandria, let me in.  Let me help you.” Using his gift of empathy, he gently pushed love and sincerity through his hand on her knee.  She was hurting so badly, and he was totally locked out of her heart, unable to help her.  Just the thought of it felt like a dagger slicing through his chest.
She felt him in her mind, begging with her to share her pain with him.  She gasped and jumped up, breaking the contact.  “I..  I think you need to go.” She took a step back, tossed the pillow back onto the couch and pointed at the door.  
“Zan, please let me help.”
“You can't help.  Please go before I..  call the Enforcers.”  Her hands had begun to shake.  Looking into his eyes, she barely kept from falling into them again.  “Please,” she pleaded.  She looked  at him, the slight illumination from the moon shining through her window causing the tears to sparkle brightly in her eyes.   The sight of his Zandria, standing so boldly  with her lip trembling and eyes so full of pain broke him.
He sighed and got up.  Putting his hand on the knob, he turned back and gazed at her again.  He began to say something but with a wince, changed his mind.  Shaking his head sadly, he opened the door and walked out, closing it quietly behind him.  She watched him go and once she was sure he was out of hearing, dropped to the floor and threw her face into her hands, finally letting the floodgate down and bitterly weeping for the life she wanted but could never have; a life as Cayson's mate.  
