LOST & FOUND
Growing Pains, Book 1 


  by K.F. Breene



Website: http://kfbreene.com/
Blog: www.kfbreene.org
Facebook: www.facebook.com/authorKF
Twitter: @KFBreene


Copyright © 2013 by K.F. Breene
Smashwords Edition: September 2013


Other Titles by K.F. Breene

Skyline Series (Contemporary Romance)
Building Trouble, Book 1
Uneven Foundation, Book 2
Solid Ground, Book 3

Jessica Brodie Diaries (Contemporary Romance)
Back in the Saddle, Book 1 – FREE
Hanging On, Book 2
A Wild Ride, Book 3

Growing Pains (Contemporary Romance)
Lost and Found, Book 1 - FREE
Overcoming Fear, Book 2
Butterflies in Honey, Book 3

Darkness Series (Paranormal Romance)
Into the Darkness, Novella 1 - FREE
Braving the Elements, Novella 2
On a Razor’s Edge, Novella 3
Demons, Novella 4





“Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.”
--Jean de La Rochefoucauld




Lost and Found


Chapter One

Her hands were bound! 
She shouldn’t have made that joke at dinner. The one about large bodies making up for small intellect; she should’ve known it would get back to Jim. She hadn’t been talking about him, but it wouldn’t matter. Even if she explained that she and Clarissa had just been talking about riding horses, he would take it the wrong way.
Her breath came out in fast bursts but no air made it into her lungs. Something covered her eyes, the thick, rough material blinding her. 
She yanked at her hands frantically. Leather bit into her wrists, keeping her in place. He didn’t want her escaping this time. This wasn’t a sport, it was punishment.
“Ah, you’re awake,” his deep voice sounded from the far corner of the room. “You had a nice sleep. Must’ve been all the wine you drank.”
She bit her lip, knowing it wouldn’t do any good to explain she’d only had two glasses. He wouldn’t want to hear it. Fear gripped her in an icy claw.
 “Was it the wine that made you brave? Made you joke about me? Made you say I was rough?” 
The closet door closed with a soft click. Footsteps came toward her, slow and thoughtful. 
She thought back, wanting to explain. But she didn’t remember saying he was rough—why would she? That would make his temper flare. 
It meant he wanted a reason to get angry. Why? What had she done wrong?
“Well?” he demanded, closer now. She could hear the excitement in his voice.
Something rustled. A sort of swish. 
“Aren’t you going to answer me?”
The swish sounded again, right before blinding, consuming pain. She cried out, struggling against the bonds. Not caring that they were ripping into her skin. Trying to escape. 
It was a whip. He’d gotten a new toy.
“Please, Jim! I’m sorry! We were talking about horses!” she wailed.
“Horses? You’re saying I’m as dumb as a horse?”
Swish. 
A strip of skin on her leg erupted in searing, blinding agony. She whimpered, trying to scoot away, ignoring the biting pain in her wrists. 
“I don’t like when you joke, Krista. Or talk about me. You know this.”
“Yes, yes! I know. I’m sorry! I wasn’t talking about you! I promise!”
“Filthy, lying bitch!”
She screamed when the next blow fell, slicing into her stomach. The pain crawled up her body and out her limbs, taking over her mind. 
“Please,” she begged, the fabric over her eyes drenched from her tears. “I’m sorry! Please forgive me, Jim. I’m sorry! I’ll do anyth—“
The next strip fell across her breasts, making her skin blister in pain. Fear raked across her chest and sliced through her head. Words failed, doused in panic. She struggled, pulling at the ropes, feeling the blood trickle down her wrists. He might kill her. This time he might actually kill her.
“Please,” she whispered.
“You need to take your punishment, you lying bitch! Isn’t that right?”
She nodded mutely, past reason. If she complied, he’d let her go. He’d unbind her and apologize for what he’d done. He would stop hurting her and show his love again. Usually he treated her like a princess. All the girls were jealous that she’d gotten, and held on to, the hottest man in town when no one else could. 
She just had to get through this rough patch and he’d be nice to her again.
She bit her lip, trying not to whimper. She squeezed her eyes tight, acquiescing so he’d lose interest. She felt strong fingers wrap around her throat.

~*~*~*~

Krista’s eyes snapped open. Struggling against her bedcovers, she scrambled up, hands flying to her neck. Her breath came in fast, hoarse pants. Sweat covered her like a film.
The still room lay empty in the early light of a foggy July morning, the only sound the distant ocean waves crashing against the sand. Jim wasn’t here.
Standing, she waited for her nightmare to wash over her; for the panic to seep out of her skin.
She took a deep and cleansing breath, clearing her mind; a routine so practiced she’d become a pro. Another to let the residual fear dissipate. One more as she turned to look around her room two states away from the memory. 
Okay…
Another breath for good measure, rooting herself in the present.
It was time to start the day. 
Today was the first day of her new life. She’d already been living in San Francisco for a few months, but today she started her new job. A job that would put aside money troubles and past haunts. Today was the day she stepped through a doorway toward happiness and total independence. 
She strutted down the hallway with purpose—quietly, so as to not wake the roommates—and straight in for the shower, step one in the new “prepare for the work day” routine.
 “KRISTA!”
Her smiled turned brittle. Ben stood over the toilet sleepily.
“Gah! Sorry, Ben!” She threw the statement over her shoulder as she blindly stumbled out. 
“Door closed means someone’s in there, Krista,” Ben grumbled as he passed two seconds later, straining his sweatshirt over his Spiderman pajama bottoms. 
“Sorry Ben. New job starts today. I wasn’t really thinking...”
“Just… okay. Good luck. Please just knock, though. In the future. Hope your day goes well.” 
“Okay. Sorry!” Krista whisper-yelled at his retreating backside. His door closed with an audible click. 
Note to self in prepare-for-work-day routine: Knock first before opening bathroom door. 
Start of the day: take two!


Two hours later she was being led out of the elevator on the twelfth floor of her new employment; a small-scale advertising company reaching for large accounts to step up to the next level. Mr. Montgomery, her portly boss with a 1970’s mustache, walked straight towards a three-foot opening in a wall of cube. Turned out, cubes had been pulled apart to create a strange tunnel-type path through the middle. 
Weird.
“I had to petition for years to get this floor arranged with that gap,” Mr. Montgomery threw a thumb behind him as they emerged out the other side. “They used to have the backs of the cubes up against each other. I finally got through. Time is money! We shouldn’t have to walk all the way around.”
She disguised her grimace with a head nod.
Her new home lay across a busy thoroughfare in a darkened section of building with three other empty cubes. A glass window peeped out from behind a plant at the end of the small aisle against the wall—Mr. Montgomery’s office—making the back of her work area against the hallway beyond.
“Okay,” Mr. Montgomery gave an analytical glance around the area, looking over her desk. “The rest of our department is on the other side of my office, but as soon as Rachel leaves, you can move over if you want. It’s all ours—we just can’t hire anyone new until a big account comes through. Anyway, I’ll let you settle in. We’ll have a tour later on.”
Krista smiled at him, “Great!”
After another look, apparently just to make sure the cube planned to stay put, he nodded once, and then kind of shuffled away toward his office at the end of the hall. She stared after him for a moment, kind of at a loss. On one hand, what the hell just happened? How weird was that guy?
On the other hand, he’d been nearly that weird in the interview, and that was supposed to be his best behavior. Huh.
Shrugging, she thought, “Well, he’s Research, so that makes sense. Wait, does that make me weird…”
Yes, but would people notice?

A few hours into her day, Krista finished scrubbing her whole office and still hadn’t heard from her boss. To pass the time, she decided she’d find the amenities.
As she exited the break room, which was right down the hall, water in hand, she found the break room, grabbed a glass of water, and turned back when she caught the most delicious of scents. It smelled like a crisp, ocean breeze mixed with the most divine, mouth-watering cologne money could buy. She wanted to bottle it up and use it as an air freshener in her room.
Shrugging the thought away, Krista entered a copy alcove right across the way stuffed with office delights and whirling machines. The big commercial printer was active, and there was a hutch with note pads, staples, sticky notes, and—“Yay! Pens!”
Krista took a couple out of the box, found a pen holder, and happily turned to go pick a place on her desk where she could house her new treasures. As she stepped forward, eyes on her prize, she nearly bumped into a large expanse of chest. Backing up quickly while trying to contain the water within her cup, she looked up with an apology. 
 “Saaawww—” 
Shock caused a sudden hatching of butterflies to explode out of her mouth, mangling the rest of the word. The smell from earlier wrapped around her head, suffocating her brain. 
“What have we here?” said a silky voice with deep, masculine overtones. The man’s muscled body dominated her space.
Krista met green eyes so intense they looked Photoshopped. “I got some pens…”
Her hand stupidly raised her penholder to communicate via show-n-tell. She probably looked like a puppet in the hands of a drunk. 
A devilish grin lit up his face, frazzling every coherent thought except for one: You’re acting like a pre-teen that just saw her favorite boy band! Get it together!
 “I—uh…” She looked around pseudo-calmly for a prop. Settling on a piece of paper in the printer, she smashed her pens to her chest and grabbed it. 
“Just needed the fax. I mean printer. Printed piece. Of paper. No big deal.” She shrugged like an idiot.
This is not getting it together! 
Rallying, she said, “See?” She waved the somewhat crumpled white flag in his face.
As his smile grew in amusement, she gave up. Taking the coward’s way out, she dodged around him with the agility of a boxer, and blasted out into the hallway, splashing some poor woman passing by. She heard a deep syllable, but had no clue what shape it took. 
So, yes, then. People would absolutely notice she was just as weird as her boss. Question answered.
Back at her desk, glass a quarter full, she sat down with darting eyes. She sincerely hoped that man did not work on her floor. Also that she would never see him again. Also that she was able to get a picture snapped off because holy Lord he—
“Krista.”
“AHH!” 
Mr. Montgomery stood near the wall, opposite her doorway. The rest of the water was on her desk.
“Yes, it is nice and quiet in this department. I had the cubes positioned this way so as to block the noise from the rest of the company. They don’t seem to understand that we think in research, and don’t need the constant distraction of noise.”
Krista nodded emphatically—it was a perfect explanation for her giddiness.
“Yes, well, I thought I’d take you to see the rest of the company.” 
“Oh, great,” Krista said as she jumped up. Her hand, still slightly wet, hovered near her notepad and pen. 
Mr. Montgomery’s brow furrowed dangerously. 
Taking the cue, Krista left note taking devices behind.
 “You found the break room, already?” Mr. Montgomery asked as he stopped in front of the open doorway, obviously remembering the water all over her desk. A chorus of laughter floated out as Krista nodded. “Yes, well, most of the people that hang out in there are hopeless loafers. Waste of time.”
Before Krista could replace the bewilderment on her face from that comment, an older woman with a shock of dyed red hair emerged from the doorway. “Oh, James. I thought I heard your dulcet tones. Whadda treat.” Her cynical gaze slid over Krista. “And you have yet another employee to handle your enormous workload, when I can’t even stay fully staffed. Yes, now that’s fair.” 
With her nose in the air, the woman walked away, loathing on her face. 
Krista tried to shrink into her sweater like a turtle.
“Don’t mind her!” Mr. Montgomery said in a huff as he stared at the woman’s rigid back. “She’s just mad that they won’t hire someone to do all her work for her!”
He turned around, his own nose in the air to rival his apparent nemesis. He kick-started his plodding speed and trudged down the hall, seemingly uninterested as to whether Krista was following. It was not a great start to the tour.
When they finally walked through the last floor, Krista couldn’t say that she was sorry. Or that she’d learned anything useful.
“This is the sales floor,” Mr. Montgomery droned. “We work with them the most. They’re pushy for the most part. They don’t think anyone else besides them works.”
A smallish man shot out of one of the offices like a torpedo, heading in their general direction.
“Ah, speak of the devil. Here’s John, the junior VP of sales.”
The man, legs and arms pumping animatedly, focused on them. Seeing Mr. Montgomery, he slightly veered his trajectory, until his eyes slid past and hit Krista. He immediately swooped back and stopped right in front of them, hand out, eyes lit up. 
“Hello! My name’s John!”
Mr. Montgomery recoiled, taken aback by the amicable verbal assault. He recovered with a large sigh, and said, “John, meet Krista, our new researcher. We have high hopes for her. She—“
“Krista,” John boomed, cutting off Mr. Montgomery without so much as an apologetic flinch. “Nice to meet you. How do you find our company so far?”
“Well, it’s my first day, but so far it’s nice.” 
“Great! That’s great!” John gave an energetic punch with his voice. “What have you seen—“
“John!”
As one, they all turned toward the speaker, now coming out of the same office at a much slower, more purposeful pace. Krista’s jaw clenched. Why me?
“They want to know if I can go down ten percent on price if they opt for the package,” the newcomer said in a lackadaisical manner, powerful body strolling up with the graceful slide of a fencer. “I was thinking that’s more than satisfactory. If so I can close it today.”
 “Sure, sure. Get it done.” John waved his hand to shoo the man away.
 “James, who is this?” the salesman asked in a sophisticated, smooth voice.
She had a brief moment to wonder about her excessive sweating problem in embarrassing situations as Mr. Montgomery dryly said, “Hello, Sean. This is our newest employee: Krista Marshall. Krista, meet Sean McAdams. Sean is a salesman here at the company.”
Sean’s intense gaze never left her. “Hello.”
“Nice to meet you.” 
“Krista comes to us straight out of college,” Mr. Montgomery continued in a bored voice. “She received top marks in her class from a prestigious school in Washington. You were what, top twenty, Krista?”
“Top five percent,” she replied quietly, silently cursing him for embarrassing her. She was doing a good enough job on her own.
 “Yes, top five. A real dynamo!” 
And that was before he said dynamo…
Sean smiled like a cat toying with a brightly colored bug. “It’s a pleasure.” 
He studied her for a moment longer before nodding to John and turning away toward his office. 
“Oh, and Krista…“ Sean’s gaze found her again. “I believe you have something that belongs to me, but don’t worry about it. I reprinted it. You can shred your copy, if you don’t mind.”
Krista, realizing what he was talking about—what piece of paper she’d gotten off the printer that he was talking about—stared dumbly. He smiled and resumed his powerful stride into his office.
Oh yeah, people would notice that weird factor. Great.
“Well, Krista, you let me know if sales can do anything for you, okay?” John said earnestly, shaking her hand again.
Mr. Montgomery sighed and started walking away. 
“Sur—“Krista cut off, watching her boss plod down the hall. She looked back at John in despair. “Sorry, I gotta go.” 
“John likes everyone to go to him for anything,” Mr. Montgomery said as soon as she had caught up. John was still within hearing range. “But you try to get anything done, and he bars the way.”
All Krista could do was inwardly groan.	

When 5 o’clock rolled around, Krista couldn’t sprint out of work fast enough. She headed straight for happy hour with Kate and Jasmine, two friends from college who moved to San Francisco shortly after graduation. Krista had never thought to move, letting them escape to California unhindered, but when Jim had found her at a party, shortly after serving him a restraining order, and punched her in the face, she decided skipping town was the right, and only, way to play it.
Yes, he’d gone to jail—he took down another three people who got in the way, all of whom had pressed charges—but he’d get out eventually. Something as trivial as the law wouldn’t stop a man like Jim. Not being able to see out of one eye for a week drove that point home.
Krista spotted Kate in the corner sipping her drink. 
Twenty-six with long brown hair and large, luminous eyes, Kate had a dainty look, but a contrasting foul mouth. She was also pygmy short, which was funny when she started throwing out the f-bombs. Her one, self-proclaimed, greatest flaw was always falling in love with gay men. In her defense, it was an easy thing to do, especially in San Francisco. More than half the population of gay men had great style, excellent hygiene and unbelievable bodies, not to mention being intelligent, educated and cultured.
Kate was in love a lot.
 “Hey, Kate,” Krista said as she flung her handbag into the corner of the booth and crawled in.
Kate jumped, and then giggled. “You asshole,” she said by way of hello.
 “Did I grow, or is this pub fashioned after people your size?” Krista asked as she tried to straighten her legs under the table.
“Har har. How was your first day?”
“No, seriously. Is this not the smallest booth in the world? Let’s go to the bar.”
About then Jasmine showed up, looking like a painter. She was a tall girl and rail thin with a short bob and a cloudy disposition, but always managed to make things fun regardless. Or maybe she sought to up the fun factor since she thought everything was dismal.
Though all of them went to the same college with the same major, each of them landed in different fields. Jasmine was a designer of some sort and Kate ended up in product development. They all had jobs, though, so they didn’t complain too loudly. 
“Hi,” Jasmine said, sliding onto her own bar-stool.
 “So, Krista,” Kate said. “What about these embarrassing stories from the day you text about earlier?”
“Ooh, I love embarrassing stories!” Jasmine clapped happily, catching the eye of the older bartender and pointing to the tap of Harp.
Krista couldn’t help a grin. “I have a few. First off, my boss!”
Kate and Jasmine settled into their barstools expectantly as Krista unfolded the strange events of her first day. When she started talking about Mr. Montgomery and his various quirks, humiliation turned into hilarity. 
Finally Krista got to the most embarrassing story. 
“Wait,” Jasmine said as she bowed her head with a thoughtful expression. “You picked up a piece of paper, which you had heard print, in order to look normal? I don’t get it. Was he hideous or something?”
“Or creepy?” Kate asked as she leaned over her martini to get a good look at Krista’s face.
Krista cleared her throat and shrugged. Kate and Jasmine immediately honed in.
“He was hot, wasn’t he?” Jasmine accused with an evil smile.
Krista shrugged again, hating that her friends could read her so well.
“He must have been super fucking hot to make you lose your shit!” Kate chortled, matching Jasmine’s delight.
Krista kept the shrugs coming.
 “Seriously? He was that hot?” Jasmine asked with a quirked eyebrow.
Krista felt herself flush. “Okay, yes. He was hot, okay? He just surprised me, is all. He was in my space—I wasn’t all ga-ga over him, or anything! I know to steer clear of hot guys!”
“Womanizing guys,” Kate corrected.
“Same thing.” Jasmine waved the thought away. “Describe him!”
“Seriously, you guys. There’s nothing to describe. He was pleasant looking, he smelled good, and he surprised me in an enclosed space. It’s not like I’m great with people. He could’ve been anyone and I would’ve been a dweeb!”
“De-scr-ibe-him,” Jasmine enunciated.
Krista rolled her eyes. “Fine. He was over six feet—not much over, I don’t think. He had really green eyes—super green. Hard to look away from eyes. Stop looking at me like that!” Kate held up her hands as if to say there was no look. Krista continued with a red face. “He had blondish hair in kind of a spikey ‘do. He had these, like, noble-born features ….”
Jasmine shook her head to cut her off. “What does that even mean? Who do you know that’s noble?”
“Just…I don’t know…like, straight nose, chiseled jaw—like a guy a photographer would have a wet dream over.”
“Okay, so he was noble, fine. Body?” Jasmine asked with hungry eyes.
“Jaz, whoa, get laid already,” Kate said as she leaned away.
Jasmine huffed, “I need to. It’s been a while. But I loves me a good hot man.”
“Nice body,” Krista continued, thinking back. “Biceps, super broad shoulders—he was like, hulking in the entryway. Trim waist.”
“Dress?” 
“Suit,” Krista matched the girls’ smiles. She couldn’t help it. “Tailored, silk tie that matched his eyes…he looked good in it. He wore it like a second skin. He like…lounged in it, or something.” Krista shook her head, trying to calm the hatching butterflies in her stomach.
Like any girl, Krista also loved to look at hot guys, but this one had been different somehow. There was certain quality to him that made her act like a teenager with a crush. It hadn’t happened since she was a teenager with a crush. 
“So…he was super-hot and you freaked out,” Kate summed up. 
“Well, it wasn’t just that his face was perfect, you know? He was rugged and masculine, but so damn smooth he’d melt in your mouth.” Krista fanned herself, finally giving in with a bright smile, “He gives me fire-crotch just thinking about him.”
“Hah!” Jasmine pointed at her with victory. “I knew it!”
“So hit that, Romeo,” Kate laughed.
“She’s a chick. She’d be Juliet, dummy,” Jasmine said flippantly.
“Whatever. Same dumb play.”
“Yeah, right,” Krista mentally shrank back from the suggestion. “New job. He’s the kind of guy that everyone probably talks about.”
“Yeah, true. And if he doesn’t have a girlfriend, which he probably doesn’t, all he wants to do is sleep around and then talk about it. I hate man-sluts,” Jasmine pronounced, going back to her beer.
“Yeah,” Kate agreed into Krista’s nod, “But they sure are nice to look at!”
All the girls fell on the bar laughing. A truer statement had never been uttered. The three of them were worse than any man when it came to gawking. They’d all three turn and look, smiling appreciatively, and then walk away without bothering to say hello, having no time for the man. Heartache or a bad lay was rarely worth the nice face or body. 
Still…a girl could look!
 “But when are you going to get back out there?” Jasmine asked, as her knowing chuckles subsided.
These girls, to some extent—Kate more so than Jasmine—knew her history. They knew about the bad nights and the dark days. They knew her recovery from the scared, weak woman her ex-boyfriend Jim made. They were her support network most of the time, but sometimes, like now, they branched out and pushed.
Krista shrugged uncomfortably. Jasmine was right to push. Krista was young. She’d made some mistakes—one in particular—but she couldn’t let that dictate the rest of her life. She did need to move on. She needed to learn to trust again. She needed to find someone safe who wouldn’t jerk her around.
She just didn’t feel like starting today. She said as much.
“But you do need to, though,” Jasmine persisted in a quiet voice.
Krista sighed, tears springing to her eyes unbidden. “Jim got ahold of a Facebook account. He’s been messaging with threats.”
“What?” Kate yelled. “When did this happen? Why am I just hearing about this?”
Krista waved her away, desperate not to let Jim ruin her day. “It was bound to happen, right? Even when he was cheating on me, or…the other stuff…he was always possessive. He thought we were going to get married,” Krista snorted in derision. “It’s just a computer. He doesn’t know where I am.”
“What’d you do? Did you contact his parole officer?” Kate pushed with round eyes.
Krista shrugged. “He wasn’t breaking any laws. I closed all my social media accounts.”
“I never use that crap, anyway. You’re not missing anything,” Jasmine deflected.
“Well, me neither—hence us not knowing this first-hand, but… Shit.” Kate stared at her drink.
The girls stared at their drinks for a quiet moment, each reliving some memory from Jim they’d rather forget. After a second, Jasmine said, “What did that salesman say when you waved his paper in front of his face?” 
She could turn around on a dime, thank God. She steered the conversation back to safer waters.
After a deep breath, Krista said, “I didn’t hear what he said—I sprinted out of there too fast!”
“He wasn’t mad?”
“No. When I met him later, he was smiling about it. Definitely not mad.”
 “Oh my god…”  Jasmine had a somber look, like she’d just found out someone had just died. “He totally knows he makes you nervous!”
“Yup,” Krista said, peeling the label off her beer. “It was a print-out of some graphs for a sales presentation.”
“He works on the same floor?”
“No, thank God. He printed it from the art department. It had his name on it and everything. He had to go reprint.”
Jasmine started laughing.
“There’ll be no living with him now. You’re screwed,” Kate said as she shook her head.
“Yup.”




Chapter Two

Day two! 
Training day, which had only taken a couple hours of the morning, and consisted of a ridiculously quick job rundown by a mildly disgruntled employee. Krista had learned a couple things. One, stay away from someone in the department named Dan. He farted. 
When asked for elaboration, she was told by Rachel, the girl leaving, that she had to sit behind him and smell the funk all day. It was a medical thing, so not his fault, but still, that was a thing apparently.
Krista couldn’t stop a few stray giggles breaking free. What a thing to tell somebody!
Next, don’t talk to the art department, or Jacob, the IT Manager. Apparently Jacob read people’s email if they landed on his radar. Rachel didn’t have to tell Krista twice.
The final thing of note—no one talked to Research. Don’t take it personally, Krista was told, but just know that Research employees weren’t the social stars of the company.
That was all Krista had learned. Not a great start. But one thing was for certain, she fervently hoped Jacob wasn’t as hot as Sean.

Time passed quickly after that. In a new job, a person never really knew what they were doing for the first few months, and Krista was no exception. But the pace was slow, and the database her department used for all their statistical information on products was pretty easy to figure out. Soon Krista was churning out reports like a pro, turning them in exactly on time so as not to get a pink slip.
That had been something she wished Rachel would’ve hinted about. When to turn in a report! 
The first request for research Krista got, which was on toothpaste for an ad campaign coming up, saw her working like a beast, wanting to do her best work and impress her boss. With a satisfied smile, she had emailed her completed report a day early! She’d wanted to do jazz hands and shout, “Wacha wacha,” like Fozzie Bear. Why, was anyone’s guess.
A few minutes later Mr. Montgomery called her into his office. She could barely contain the strut she was so impressed with herself. That lasted until she appeared in his open doorway and saw the world-class scowl. 
“When was that information due, Miss Marshall?” he’d asked immediately.
“Oh, well, it wasn’t due until tomorrow but I thought you might want to check it over early…”
“We aren’t sprinters here. We take time to thoroughly review our work before turning it in. I suggest you get back to it.”
She didn’t bother to argue that out of the million flaws she possessed, one of them wasn’t lack of thoroughness. Her entire school career could attest to that fact, usually with grumbles from her other team-project members. The way he’d said thoroughly hinted that wasting time was better than allowing the rest of the company to know the department could handle more work.
“Right, good point!” She’d thrown him something barely closer to a smile than a grimace, and scampered out. It had been a bad start to her new job. One of them, anyway. 
It was a nice day in October, nearly four months after her start date, when Krista got to work in the usual, insufferable way via San Francisco’s public transportation. She had the schedule down now, though. Pretty simple, really. You showed up. If the train was there, you got on. If not, you waited. Once on, you hoped to hell it didn’t break down. 
After just adding carrots to her grocery list, and wiping residual fear and pain out of her head from her latest bad dream the night before, Krista walked into the break room with mug in hand. She slammed into something unexpected, and went careening off toward the wall.
Her lucky mug hit first, bouncing off and twirling through the air. The universe paused, waiting for the reaction of a breakable object falling toward a hard surface.
The crash drowned out Krista’s thoughts.
 “Oh no!” she said softly. “My lucky mug…”
Two large hands braced her, but she couldn’t focus; her brain started replaying all of the horrors of her first real job thus far. Things like her horrible first week where, in addition to getting lost constantly, she did most things wrong, and once actually walked in on a group of women gossiping about her. Then there was that fiasco with the guy in the art department, Tommy—she hadn’t seen that coming! He’d completely blindsided her asking to go for coffee, which followed with him getting a rejection so blunt she couldn’t sleep that night from guilt.
But seriously, he just kind of sprung it on her. She’d reacted more in fright than anything else. Then when she tried to apologize, they basically shooed her away. She went from a funny Research girl to a hated monster overnight. They didn’t even care that he found another girl within a couple weeks, Krista became enemy number one.
All this was egged on by the habitual nightmares of Jim she couldn’t shake even though she’d moved away from that old life. A broken lucky mug might as well be a funeral song. It was the symbol of good luck she got with each new venture; new semester, new job. She wasn’t all that superstitious but this one thing was law. She wouldn’t stand a chance. 
With glassy eyes, she bent to collect the two biggest pieces. Forlorn, with thick fingers, she tried to fit them together, remembering the last time she’d broken a lucky mug. She’d had to drop a class. It had been that bad!
Near tears, she barely recognized the presence kneel beside her. 
“Are you okay?” Sean’s voice rumbled gently. 
She looked up into his concerned Romanesque features. For the first time, she no longer cared if he was handsome. Or his fantastic smell. She’d landed in a crisis. 
“My lucky mug,” she pleaded. “I don’t think I can fix it.” 

~*~*~*~

Sean’s chest constricted strangely with Krista’s words. She looked like a fallen angel perched on her knees, holding the fragments of her blue mug in her outstretched hands. Her eyes were filled with desperation as they pleaded with him, begging for a different outcome than what she was experiencing.
If he wasn’t so drawn in by her despair, he’d be outright laughing. She couldn’t have picked an uglier mug if she’d tried. 
“We have plenty. We can have this cleaned up in a flash.” He bent over to scoop up the biggest pieces and stood, leaning towards the garbage can.
 “No!” 
He froze.
“You can’t throw them away!” 
“I don’t understand.” Sean looked from the pieces in his hand to those in hers. Cracking a smile, he said, “I don’t think it’ll hold coffee anymore.”
“It’s my lucky mug. If I have a test or get nervous or something, I have my lucky mug to comfort me. You can’t just throw it away. It’s a process. I know it sounds dumb…”
“And I broke it; your lucky mug.” 
Krista shrugged, sadness haunting her. “I was the one that ran into you.” 
The downtrodden look on her face pinched Sean’s insides, while the smell of her, lavender and mysterious femininity, tickled his nose. 
He’d seen this woman around a lot, noticing her gliding through hallways and getting printouts or making copies. He kept trying to catch her on her own, to get her to agree to an afterhours meet up. Unfortunately, when she saw him she either went sprinting in the opposite direction, or she stared at him mutely and made ready to leave immediately. He was sure it was because of the rumors and his track record, but she was a hot little number. Geeky as all hell, but there was an intelligence there that befuddled him. When she looked at a person, you could tell she was analyzing; working things out. She constantly had him intrigued and turned on at the same time. He wanted to sample the merchandise. 
He’d just stumbled on his chance.
“I’ll fix it,” he said quickly, taking the few fragments she held.
Her large round eyes met his. The connection sparked intensity, a rush of lust that had him hard immediately. He stepped closer. He needed to turn this feeling into sex; to get her to make a promise here that he could cash in later that night. 
Her hands tightened convulsively. Sweat beaded her brow. She was uncomfortable; struggling with their proximity. Wanting to get away, but drawn in despite it. He had an effect on her; she just didn’t want to give in to it.
And while usually a girl’s reluctance was like a hunt, the thrill of turning her initial rejection into begging to orgasm being the best high, suddenly Sean became aware that something about this was different. Krista wasn’t worried about the rumors the ladies told about him in the break room, or him not calling after they hooked up—something else was making her hesitate. Like a cloud hanging over her, something else was riding this scene. 
Sean’s insides pinched again, making him squirm uncomfortably for the second time. He backed off. 
 “Well, I’ll leave you to it then, if you’re sure you’re okay?” Sean murmured, keeping the fragments. The time wasn’t right, but the in was gold, and he wasn’t about to let that go.
Krista nodded mutely, staring at his hands containing the broken mug with baleful eyes. 
“Okay, then. See ya…”
As he walked up the corridor, letting the strange feelings of a moment ago dissipate, he couldn’t help a smug grin etching his face. He didn’t know what just happened, but he had the key to her chastity belt in his hands. The timing might not be good right now, but they worked together and he was a master. He’d get that afterhours meet up, he just needed to put a little effort into it.

*****

The tears of defeat were on their way, Krista could feel it.
As she entered her house, welcoming the familiar feel of her space, she immediately turned left toward her room. The day had tap-danced on her last nerves. Her future looked bleak within that department, she broke her lucky mug, and people didn’t like her solely because she was from the Research department. 
“Krista! Come in here a second.”
Krista let her head fall back and groaned. It was the last thing she needed.
Ben was in the living room, standing in a murder scene, staring at a reddish mess of canvas. Clear plastic covered ceiling to floor in large swoops. Purple sheets protected furniture. Green sheets protected lamps and tables. The only area left uncovered was the ceiling itself.
 “Hi-ya, Ben. Are you plotting to kill me?”
Ben was wearing goggles and white coveralls smeared with paint. He turned toward her, a brush dripping red paint onto his runners.
He lifted the goggles to his head and looked around. “Oh, ha. I didn’t realize it looked like a murder scene. Wait!”
Ben turned back to his canvas, on the brink of some great epiphany. Krista waited patiently. There was no point in rushing him when he was like this. The guy had more creativity than Krista knew existed. He could use that creativity for graphic design, which was his profession, or art school, which was his daytime activity, but also for fixing things, like the sink or a lopsided table. He could rig up a contraption to keep a car wheel on if he really put his mind to it. 
He was also wicked smart. He knew things that normal people had to look up on their smartphone. If he could be persuaded to go to Pub Trivia Night, his team always won. Always. Kate and Jasmine badgered him to go constantly. 
Sometimes the guy came out with things, as random thoughts, that made Krista feel like a first-grader talking to a college professor. His intelligence would almost be more manageable if he rubbed her face it in. But no, he remained an anomaly because he was also the sweetest guy alive. His quirks had to be borne and dealt with, because in turn, he would drop everything for a friend.
So now, Krista found herself staving off her crying session to stand in a living room, dodging a flying paint brush, just so Ben could work on his painting.
Abruptly Ben turned toward her, his hands on his hips, the red from the paint brush bleeding down his leg.
“How was your day?” he asked analytically.
“Well, uh…”
“I’m sorry, that was brusque.” His voice softened, “How was your day?” 
He wasn’t asking to be supportive, he was asking to solve some weird puzzle he knew existed. It made her nervous. “It was fine...”
He stared at her, his mental gears turning. She knew that look. Either she could just tell him now, or he’d follow her around and make her tell him later. Sweet, but also pushy when he was working on something.
 “Well, actually, it was awful.” Krista walked over to the dining room, which was just across the way, and dumped herself into a chair. “Probably the worst day in a series of bad days, dating back months. Seriously bad.” 
“I knew it!” Ben exclaimed, looking back at his large abstract painting. He turned back just as quickly, his excitement melted down into a look of concern. “How horrible of me. Are you okay? I didn’t mean to be excited for your—“
Apparently Krista wasn’t the only socially awkward person around, which is why they got along splendidly. She cut him off by swiping her hand through the air. 
“I know, I know. You care, blah blah. What is it that you think you know? Are you clairvoyant, now?”
“Krista,” Ben took a step toward her, his feet approaching the end of the painter’s canvas. He looked up in frustration. “I do care. Do you need a hug?”
Krista started laughing, she couldn’t help it. Her day was bad, and things weren’t going well, but admittedly, she was being a bit overdramatic. She’d been through worse problems in her life; she’d figure this out. It just took Ben’s over-anxious concern to shed light on it.
She changed the subject. “You know, Abbey is going to kill you if she sees her living room looking like this.” 
Abbey was the other roommate. She was the touchy one; prone to bursts of anger and anxious about her stuff. She was also the master tenant, which made ignoring her impossible, since 90% of the stuff in the house was hers and she could kick them out if she wanted.
A great part of San Francisco was rent-controlled, but even still, it wasn’t what most young people—or any people, for that matter—called affordable housing. Often one person would take on the contract, responsible for the rent and the responsibility of dealing directly with the landlord, then take on roommates to help pay the rent, ensuring rent control kept everything affordable. It was how Krista found the place; she’d seen the ad for a third roommate on Craigslist, interviewed, and been accepted.
Ben had been a great addition to her life. Abbey, on the other hand, she avoided at all costs.
“This is important,” Ben said, not to be deterred from his painting. “I know she’ll hound me about it, but I need to do this. I need to put this on canvas.”
“What on canvas?”
 “I had a dream last night that the two of us—“
“Oh my god, did you have a sex dream about me, Ben?” Krista interrupted with an evil smirk. 
As expected, Ben turned a furious shade of red. “Krista, gross. That’s—I don’t—“
Krista laughed. “Okay, okay, go on.”
Ben, still flustered, cleared his throat and continued, his hands finding his hips. “It was this really strange dream. One of the strangest I’ve ever had actually. Potent. Extremely potent. You were present, but not always corporeal. As if the whole episode was coated in your aura. It was frightening in some places, knowing you needed my help, but me not able to find you.”
Ben gave her that anxious look again, checking the edge of the tarp to make sure he couldn’t get a little closer without dribbling paint on the floor to administer that hug. 
“Go on,” Krista prodded, a strange unease in her stomach.
Ben’s eyes unfocused as he thought back. “Well, the whole dream landscape was saturated with your emotion. That’s all it was, really. Strong, turbulent emotion. The emotion came across in colors. The beginning was pastels mostly. Hope. Yellows and oranges later. It was bright and flowing. But hope started to fade. Yellows and oranges became reds and pinks. Hue changes. Pastels became bold reds. Blood reds. Maroon. Burgundy. The colors started to multiply, ‘round and ‘round, swirling.” His hands were shaping an invisible swirling ball between facing palms. “The color turned muddy brown. Mud made with red clay, though. Reddish tinged. That’s what everything became. As if a red filter was placed over the landscaping.”
Ben’s eyes sought her, checking to make sure she was following. She wasn’t, since she didn’t speak art, but she nodded anyway.
“Next came pulses. A deep current ran beneath us. This was when you became afraid. Apprehensive. When you needed the most help, but were unreachable. A new color now. Blue. Soft blue at first. Translucent. Then the color got deeper. The current stronger. The red filter slashed with blues and purples. Anger now. Then sadness. This is when I start losing the themes.”
He turned back to his painting, Krista forgotten for the moment, working things out. He scratched his head with the hand that still held the paint brush. He’d have a job washing his hair.
“This was when you were corporeal. When you were warning me. It’s when the most enormous waves I have ever seen emerged. Suddenly we were on a beach and waves were coming in as normal. But you kept warning me. Telling me not to go too close, because a big one could come in at any moment. I remember being confused at the warning. Wanting to play, but you kept holding me back.”
Ben turned to her, painting forgotten. His eyes were huge and haunted. “Krista, those waves—the fear was worse than any nightmare I can remember having. They blotted out the sky. We could see them building. Coming after us. You nearly dragged me, trying to get me to run. But the undertow was sucking us back. It was—I was terrified. And then—I remember this very clearly—you turned to me, grabbed me by the arms, and said, ‘We will be overtaken. When I say, hold your breath, and hope we can breathe underwater this time.’ That’s when I woke up.”
Krista stared at him in mute horror. 
“You’ve had those wave dreams before, haven’t you?” Ben asked soberly.
“I think you really are clairvoyant, Ben. Holy hell.”
“But you’ve had those wave dreams?”
She nodded. “Lately, as a matter of fact. I don’t usually go under anymore. They started after I found out what Jim really was. What I’d got myself into.”
Ben’s brow furrowed. “Jim?”
Oh, yeah. She hadn’t told Ben why she’d left Seattle. The real reason. She’d always just said she needed a change of venue, never hinting that there was a reason behind it.
And then she was purging. 
She told Ben about her job, and that first week. Then her mug. Also about what happened the last time she lost a lucky mug. Then, because she had opened the vault, and it was already on the table, and maybe, too, because Ben was hanging on her every word as if she was giving directions to a pile of gold, she just went ahead and told him the broad strokes about why she left Seattle. Miraculously, she didn’t cry once.
When she was done, Ben was nodding with a furrowed brow. “That makes sense. What about the ocean part, though? Where does that fit in?”
“I told you—the waves started with Jim.”
“No, not the waves. The blues. The deep current under everything. The waves were strong emotion. That makes sense. But it wasn’t a past…situation. It was present. This was all very present. Very now. There was ocean.” He was looking at her as if he wanted to unhinge her head and have a look instead.
“Ben, you are under the impression this relates to me simply because I was in it.”
He shook his head as he crossed his arms across his chest. The red on the brush was drying, but still managed to smear his coveralls. “Oh no, Krista, not only that. I am quite perceptive with emotional nuances. I am like a woman in that respect. I draw off it for my art. I hone in on it, you might say. You’ve been … turbulent lately. I’ve paid more attention than normal. I apologize, but it is great art.”
“That, umm, seems like a violation of privacy? Maybe? Pirating emotion, perhaps?”
“You never said, how was your day?”
“It was bad.”
“Oh yes, that’s right. You did say. I’m afraid I just botched that again. I’m sorry.”
Krista shook her head and heaved herself out of the chair. She approached the canvas, warning Ben with a finger that terrible things would happen if he hugged her with paint all over him. They turned toward it together.
It was a large rectangle half-covered in every shade of red that could be created. The strokes were broad and bold. Thick layers coated, piling on top of each other. Yellow and orange—what Ben had called hope—were under that, creating a background layer. It looked like a kid had found a bunch of finger paints and went wild.
“And that dream, with the waves and beach and stuff, is what you are drawing?”
Ben nodded, looking at the canvas with a crease between his eyebrows. “Painting, yes.”
“Huh.” 
“I am not quite getting the emotion of it. I’m missing a very important piece. Your background helps—I’ll incorporate that—but I’m still missing something.”
She didn’t feel like asking how he planned to incorporate anything with the expectation that people would know what it was, so she said, “Hmm.”
“Ocean. Why ocean?” Ben asked himself thoughtfully, turning to gaze at her in thought.
“Well…we are right next to it. Maybe because you hear it?”
“I thought of that, but no. That’s not it.”
“I run by it? I like it?” 
Ben turned back to his easel. “I don’t think that’s it. There is something else taking your concentration.”
“Well…” Strangely perplexed, even though this was more than just a bit illogical, Krista leaned in to look at the assortment of reds. “My job is taking its toll.”
Ben shook his head. 
“Well… Oh! I just made up with a guy that originally asked me out and I turned down. I was a bitch about it—I didn’t mean to be. He kind of sur--”
Ben threw his hands up in exasperation. “Ben! How could you miss that?” He turned to Krista with an expression that said he thought himself the stupidest person on the face of the plant. “A man! I didn’t even think of that! You definitely tend to spend a lot of your time in sexual overtones.”
“Are you calling me a slut?” Krista asked with a cackle.
“Not the time for hysterics,” Ben said, waving away her jest. 
Hysterics? She thought sourly.
“Hmmmm.” Ben took on a look of inward contemplation. He turned back to the easel. Krista followed his gaze and still saw the same random brush strokes of red.
“Anyway,” Krista started to wander away. “Not much on the man front, I’m afraid. I do need to start dating again, though.”
“Uh huh. Hmm. I might have to use my imagination on that one.”
“Okay, then. Let me know if you ever figure me out. I’ll pass the code along.”
If Ben heard her, he didn’t show it.
As she was halfway to the kitchen she heard the front door open.
Oh shit! Abbey’s home!
Krista ran back to Ben. “Ben, Abbey’s home! You need to cart this off to your room!”
Ben shook his head, still staring at the canvas. “Not this time, Krista. I need space for this one. This is finals material.”
“But Ben—“
“I’ll handle her, Krista. It is a buyer’s market out there. Past school starting. There is no one to take my place. She won’t kick me out. Not this time of year. She is insane, but when it comes to roommates, she’s been in the city too long to be stupid about it.”
“What the fuck has happened to my living room!”
Krista turned around slowly. Sure enough, Abbey the Horrible had shown up on scene. She was a Goth girl back in her distant youth, but hadn’t quite given it up completely. She was thirty-eight, often wore black clothes, but stopped with the black lipstick and nail polish when she hit thirty. She always looked like she was sniffing poo, and that was a thing she probably wouldn’t grow out of.
Ben turned to Abbey, looked her straight in the face, and said, “Abbey, I appreciate your territorialism, and I wouldn’t dare upset your balance, but I need all the space and concentration I can get to work on this piece. It is extremely important to me. If I mess anything up, I will be happy to pay for it. Now please, go away.”
Ben, who usually bowed his head and found somewhere else to be, standing up to Abbey, who was definitely a bully growing up who stole lunch money from kids like Ben, was so foreign, so totally absurd, that both Krista and Abbey stood speechless. 
Ben turned back to his painting. “Now, if you two will excuse me, I have a masterpiece to put together.”
Krista hightailed it to her room. If Abbey exploded, she wanted to be somewhere else. If Abbey didn’t, she’d probably perch at the dining room table and watch Ben, making sure he didn’t mess anything up. Krista didn’t want to be an ingredient in that mixing bowl.


The next day, Krista got to her desk at one minute to eight. The stupid Muni had broken down in the tunnel and she had to nearly run in. As she dropped her handbag in the usual spot she froze. Her lucky mug sat in the middle of the clean desk, somehow back in one piece! 
Tentatively, not believing her eyes, she leaned closer. It was then that she saw the cracks, small pock marks and fissure lines where it’d broken.
Next to the mug was a note. A neat but lazy hand scrawled, 

“It was the best I could do. Please use this  to buy a new one. –Sean.” 

The arrow was pointing toward a Starbucks gift card.
“What the—“
She poked her head outside the cube, saw the usual nothing, and stepped back in. 
“—hell?”
It was a really sweet gesture. He must have gone home and spent time gluing the mug back together. Not many men would put in the time or effort. 
Damn. The guy was good, she’d say that much. He was on par with the best there was, Krista was sure of it. There probably wasn’t a woman alive he couldn’t get if he really tried.
Krista picked up the gift card. Too bad it was Starbucks. She was a Seattle girl, born and raised. Seattle’s Best Coffee was the coffee for her, and since Starbucks, the sell-out, had bought them out, Starbucks was the enemy. She would settle for a local San Francisco company, or free work coffee, but she would not set foot in a Starbucks. She had to draw the line somewhere, take some kind of stand in something. Everyone had their thing. Starbucks was hers. 
She clutched the card. She couldn’t throw a gift away, and she couldn’t give it to someone else in the company because it’d look really bad if Sean found out. She could take it home to Ben, but he had an anti-Starbucks rule, also, even though his was for other reasons. He had tried to explain, once, but it had something to do with politics and rainforests and hippy stuff—she stopped listening when he got passionate. Everyone had their thing, but a person didn’t need to go spreading the insanity around. She had plenty of her own.
 In the end, Sean did fix her mug. And she probably owed him an explanation why she couldn’t accept his peace-keeping offer—if that’s what a womanizer called bribery. 
Well, crap. She had to return it. Sean could at least make use of it. No sense wasting twenty bucks.
With a sigh that made Mr. Montgomery look like an amateur, she jumped up, card in hand, and set out. She’d head straight into the lion’s den. She’d hold up her head, put all her logic defenses on red alert, and hope he didn’t smell good enough to lick.
On the way down her heart was in her throat and the base of her spine was tingling. If she was a prisoner, she’d hear the steady beat of drums as she walked toward a firing squad.
This is pure stupid! This is what he’s after. 
He was backing her in a corner with this one. It was a good play. Dang it!
Willing herself forward, she exited the elevator. If she lost focus now, he’d have her. She couldn’t deny her interest. Hell, no woman in the company even tried to deny interest—unless they’d already been burned. But unlike the others, she could deny the desire to make more out of it. She could deny the need for a date. She could deny the craving for sweet talk. And she would deny it. She absolutely would!
In front of the closed office door now. 
Why am I so nervous? I survived Jim behind closed doors—I can survive this guy!
She knocked.
The door opened with a swirl of musk and sea breeze, Sean’s signature smell. No cologne today, thank the Lord. It was all Sean. 
He still smells like heaven.
The look of surprised pleasure crossing his handsome face did not help the situation.
 “Hi,” he said, glancing behind her. Not seeing who he was expecting, vivid green eyes settled on hers as he quickly relaxed, leaning against the door frame and letting his lips curl into a small smile. 
“What brings you down here?” His voice was as close to a sexy purr as a masculine man could articulate. 
Her legs started tingling and her brain stuck to the side of her skull. She could barely hear over the pounding of her heart. All she could think was, ABORT, ABORT, ABORT! Get the hell out of there! You’re no match for him!!! Save yourself while you can!
Then a new, more terrifying thought occurred to her. Did she remember deodorant that morning? Because she was sweating like a trucker and it would be a mite embarrassing if she’d forgotten deodorant. 
 “Uh, hi,” she stammered. She shifted her weight to her right foot. That felt weird, so she shifted back. He smiled devilishly. “I got your mug—my mug. Thanks.” 
 “Oh, no problem. Thought I could try and at least put it back together so you could give it a proper burial.”
“I put it on my shelf. But um…I can’t accept this.” She held out the gift card matter-of-factly, trying to ignore the slow unraveling of her nerves. She didn’t have much time before her clothes fell off by themselves.

~*~*~*~

Sean’s eyes flicked to Krista’s hand and back to her eyes. He didn’t care about the card. He didn’t care about the mug. He wanted to know what caused her to be so sad the other day. He wanted to know why he made her nervous. He wanted her. Bad. 
He kept his tone cool, though. She’d run out of there faster than the roadrunner if she caught his arousal. For some reason, she seemed to be genuinely surprised when people thought she was beautiful. Or sexy. How could a woman, looking like she did, moving as if the world was a giant water bed, not know what she did to the opposite sex? It was the strangest thing.
Right now, he had to get his toehold before John came down and broke up the party. Sean had a promise to collect.
“It’s only $20. Least I could do.” 
“No, I mean, I can’t accept Starbucks.”
Sean’s head tilted and his brow furrowed. He didn’t say anything.
“I am a Seattle girl,” Krista went on, trying unsuccessfully to hide a small tremor in her voice. His balls tightened hopefully. “Starbucks is the enemy. Can’t set foot inside one. Can’t do that to Seattle’s Best coffee.”
Sean’s face lit up in understanding, then fell again in confusion as Krista cocked her head marginally to the side, closer to her shoulder. He could’ve sworn she sniffed, as if smelling her armpit on the sly. 
Did people really do that in public?
Chuckles bubbled out at her absurdity, his smile burned brighter. “Got it. How could I be so insensitive?”
Krista let out a bark of laughter. “My question exactly. Anyway, I thought I’d return it so you can use it.”
“That would still be setting foot inside Starbucks…”
“Right.” Sean smiled and took the gift card hesitantly, his finger brushing her thumb. Sparklers went at the base of his groin. It was like Fourth of June and his dick wanted to celebrate. 
 “Okay, well...” Krista let the words trail, the usual dazed fear crossing her face. Instead of finishing whatever she started to say, mouth open, she turned abruptly.
Sean stepped forward, realizing he was losing her! “Krista--”
By the miracle of angels, she stopped. And turned, a curious expression on her face. It looked like she was dreading what he’d say next, but dying to hear it. Now was the time. 
He opened his mouth to take a chance, when the elevator chimed and John came barreling out. Sean could have cursed in his frustration. Instead, in the defeat of the moment, he said, “Have a good day.”
Krista’s brow crumpled for a brief second before she caught sight of John heading up the hall. When she turned back she was speculative.
She’d look like a million dollars in my shirt with a sleepy smile and tousled hair. Sean thought.
“Sure,” was all she said before she was striding toward the elevator. 
John, ever the creep, turned his head and caught a look at her butt. “Sean. What’d she want?”
“Here,” Sean handed John the gift card. “I dropped this in the break room and she was returning it. I don’t drink Starbucks, though. All yours.”
“Of course you do. We were there yesterday.”
“I didn’t say I’ve never drank Starbucks. I gave it up.”
“When? Since yesterday?”
“Since this morning. C’mon, let’s see those numbers.”




Chapter Three

The next morning brought with it another present on Krista’s desk. This time it was a gift card for Peet’s Coffee. The note said,

 “Maybe Seattle’s Best won’t be offended with another specialty coffee retailer. –Sean”

She had seen Peet’s, but hadn’t tried it. Unlike Starbucks—the enemy!—she wanted to try a cup, see what they had to offer, but she hadn’t bothered to spend the money with free, and decent, work coffee. With donated money, though, why not?
She decided she’d take her lunch break, wander into one, find a mug, and try some coffee. Problem was, lunch wasn’t for another four to five hours. It would seem like longer, too, because the report due tomorrow was already done. All she had to do was sit at her desk, staring, waiting for a work stork to drop another project.
Actually, to hell with it. Who would tell on her, Mr. Montgomery’s assistant Larry? He never came her way. Not ever. He’d walk around the perimeter of Heaven if it meant avoiding her. He avoided everyone, it was true, but it was a complex with her. She had a feeling it had something to do with her always saying hi, no matter the scowl. He hated being talked to. Hated people in general. Such a queer department in which she found herself.
The day was sunny but breezy. In San Francisco, the nicest time of year started now, in the fall. It was apparently called the Indian summer. The fog cleared up, for the most part, and the sun shone bright and sometimes hot. It was proper California weather and Krista loved it.
She hadn’t gone far before she saw a small Peet’s Coffee shop. It was still busy, the morning rush in the Financial District lasting until about ten, but the line wasn’t atrocious. She figured she’d skirt around it and find a mug.
Narrowly avoiding a kamikaze caffeine attack nearly sprinting for the line, she found the stand of mugs and bee-lined. 
“Oh! They’re nice,” she noted to no one in particular.
A man in a black suit with a pink tie looked at her like she might be a crazy homeless woman. Seeing she was dressed in business attire, he only marginally shifted away. 
She did a sweep with her eyes and found one right off the bat. It nearly jumped into her hand it was so perfect. It was bigger than the one from work—God rest its porcelain soul—and more artfully decorated. It looked a little like the old stone one might see in a winery in Italy. It had earth-colored designs that were understated but gave the mug that little extra something. 
To Krista, it was love at first sight. She hugged it to her and vowed not to break it. 
She paid for the mug but still had about $10 left on the gift card, so she got two regular coffees; it was still a super sweet gesture, twice in a row. She knew Sean never added sugar, and only occasionally added creamer—she hated that she knew this—so she left his black. Assuming the coffee was good, she was taking a risk with that one, she left hers black as well so she could taste it. If it tasted like burnt ass, she could always get cream and sugar from the break room.
Once again she found Sean’s office, but this time her heart wasn’t beating out of control. There were butterflies, but not the kind that threatened to purge her breakfast bar. She was doing okay.
When she got there, all her defenses up again, she realized he wasn’t in. 
Purposely not looking around like the stalker she’d become in the last 24 hours, she put the coffee on his desk and wrote a note saying thanks, with portrait of her new mug. Ben would not be proud of her efforts. Then, for the sport of it, she also noted directions to the microwave for his soon–to-be-cold coffee. 
She snorted to herself. She was hilarious, no two ways about it.
Although, if he didn’t get the humor, he’d think she was calling him dumb. So then…either she was hilarious or a bitch… 
Story of her life.

The next day she only saw Sean from a distance. He spared her a glance as he chatted to some art person about a brightly colored poster board. The day after was the same, getting a glimpse of him as the elevator doors closed. That time she allowed herself a small smile in greeting. A few more meetings and the smile got bigger. A few more after that and the words flowed more easily. He was chatty and cordial, easily engaging her in conversation and keeping her interest. And while occasionally he looked at her with an intensity that made her squeamish, usually he kept it light and playful. In the safe zone. 
There were two problems, though. One was that she didn’t completely trust herself around him. He drew her in a way she’d never experienced before. Like light to a black hole, she couldn’t resist letting her attentions get sucked in. Her stomach exploded in butterflies every time she saw him, and her spine tingled pleasantly. While this was a great thing in movies and stories, with Sean, it was a very, very bad thing. She knew this because of the second problem. The man was constantly the subject of gossip.
Women often chatted about his past conquests, whether in work or out. He’d dated a few girls around the office, it was said, getting them into bed almost immediately, and just as quickly stepping away and leaving them hanging. While Krista hadn’t seen proof, most girls got sucked in by the effervescent salesman. Krista wasn’t the only one. She wasn’t special.
A few months went by in that way; she chatted with Sean, and she allowed herself to laugh and loosen up, but she tried to maintain distance. She did not want to get taken for a fool. She didn’t want to end up like the other girls, and she wanted to steer clear of the rumor mill.
Arriving at 7:15 a.m. on a chilly Friday in early December, Krista grabbed her mug and headed to the break room. She was a bit early to see Sean, or anyone else, but she couldn’t wait like she usually might just to catch a snippet of his conversation. She was dead tired from watching Ben work on that blasted painting. 
She couldn’t help it; watching him work was kind of funny. The kid really got into it. It was like a modern dance. He used his whole body to portray whatever thought or feeling was going through his head, and then furiously put paint to canvas. He had colors and brushes everywhere. He had Abbey nearly foaming at the mouth. But he would finish the painting or be damned. He’d basically told Abbey so. And since he was right about the roommate situation, Abbey sat and took it.
As Krista crossed the threshold of the break room, lost in her own world, she realized there was already someone in there. It was when she was ten feet away that a bucket of cold water overturned atop her head.
Sean was standing in front of the coffee pot with a girl from Accounting. The girl was pretty-ish in an overdone sort of way, and she was enthralled. She stood with her body slightly bent toward him, allowing him visible access down her shirt. The way his body leaned into her, and the minimal space between them, it was clear he was taking her up on her offer. Their faces were only inches apart, their lips too close for even the best of friends.
As Krista stood and stared, dumb-founded, he reached his hand up to trace her jaw, then let it fall to her heaving chest. Krista watched in horror, like a car accident in progress, as he lightly traced the outside of her boob. 
A thrill of pain consumed her. She remembered that lust-filled look; she saw it on Jim often when he checked out other girls right in front of her. There was no interest, no soft light of intimacy, no sharing of mutual respect. Last night Sean got a piece of ass, and the morning after he was making the most of it, possibly putting this chick in his pocket for a booty call at a later date.
Krista’s heart dropped. She couldn’t say why a pallor settled over her, but as Sean leaned in, letting his lips graze against the woman’s ear, Krista couldn’t help the sick feeling that twisted her stomach.
Thanks for the proof, buck-o. Not a moment too soon.
Wanting to get her coffee and get out of there, Krista cleared her throat behind them. 
Sean’s head snapped up, caught her eyes, and then he jumped away from the woman, a guilty expression crossing his face before his features smoothed over. His latest conquest, on the other hand, superhumanly shot spears at Krista out of her eyes. Then she made a show of taking her sweet time, not politely getting out of Krista’s way.
 “What have we here?” 
Krista spun around, not expecting company from behind since the main attack was head-on.
A guy in his early thirties was standing at the mouth of the break room holding a coffee mug in one hand and a keyboard in the other. He had a brown crew-cut that bespoke the armed forces, and brown eyes. He was fairly average-looking. 
He was taking in the scene, much as Krista had done a second before. He had a sneer as he said, “Ah, I see you two found each other. How nice. Drunken night?”
Sean leaned against the wall, sparing another guilty look in Krista’s direction before catching himself and turning to the newcomer with nonchalance.  “Jacob, what brings you out of your hole? I thought IT had coffee behind lock and key?”
Oh no, Jacob! Rachel’s warnings came back to Krista in a flash. She was to not attract his attention in either a positive, or negative, light. Basically, she needed to be courteous, but forgettable.
Which would be easy for most people, but given Krista’s innate ability to mortify herself when she got nervous or came under pressure, the prospects were worrying.
 “I don’t believe I’ve met you.” Jacob had turned toward Krista with a confident smile.
“Oh, hi, I’m Krista. I’m in—“
“Research, yes. I authorized your log-in. Nice to meet you. I’m Jacob. IT manager.” He stepped forward to shake hands, nearly clubbing her with the keyboard.
Krista jumped backward and felt Sean’s hand on her lower back, keeping her from hitting the coffee pot. She ignored the tingle from his touch and shied away immediately.
 “Sorry about that!” Jacob laughed. “I was just up here to change out a keyboard. Thought I’d stop in for some second-rate coffee on my way back down.”
“I’ll see ya later, Sean… Or were you heading out?” The girl from Accounting moved to exit the room. It was clear she wanted Sean to follow her.
“Sure, Theresa,” Sean said smoothly, staying where he was and looking at Jacob.
Jacob sneered at Theresa in a knowing way, having her hurrying from the room. He then looked back at Krista expectantly.
 Apparently dialogue was in order.
Trying to stay in the gray zone, she complied with, “You have better coffee than this?” She laughed and rolled her eyes. Hopefully he realized she was being sarcastic.
“Hah! Way better. We have Starbucks brewing downstairs. This stuff is crap!”
“Then why do you drink it?” Sean asked dryly, taking a sip of his own coffee as he lounged against the wall.
Jacob pretended to ignore him, but after a moment found he was unable. “When I am in the area I stop in. My fuel is caffeine, beggars can’t be choosers when you need a top-up.”
Krista smiled. She needed to get moving and get out. “Or when it’s free, which is why I’m here.” She moved toward the coffee pot, ignoring Sean as she neared. 
Jacob got in behind her, so close she felt his keyboard nudge her lower back. 
“Little close to the female staff, huh, Jacob?” Sean asked with warning in his voice.
Krista barely put two drops in her cup before she fled to the creamer station. Leaving the two men in a stare-off, she tore lids of creamer as fast as possible.
 “It’s Jacob that has to watch out,” she said, reaching for casual to hide her urgency to leave. “My keyboard is all dirty and disgusting. If he’s not careful, I’ll pull a snatch-and-run with the clean one he’s got under his arm.”
 Jacob turned to her with a smile. “Yours is dirty, huh?” 
“Way dirty, yeah. I tried to clean it, but there is only so much Clorox wipes can do with dirt and grime from years of servitude. Anyway, I’ll see you two around.”
She made a hasty exit as Sean said, “Creamer, Krista.”
She looked back at the creamer station and realized she’d opened the containers but left them sitting on the counter like a complete boob. She let out a loud sigh, turned around with surprising agility for the size heels she was wearing, grabbed the opened containers, and got outta there. 
Thank God the girls would be heading to her house later that night to view Ben’s painting, because she had a feeling she’d need a drink after the day’s end.

~*~*~*~

Text from Kate:
Where the fek r u? Weve ben here 20 min???

Text back from Krista:
walking from 25th. Where f-ing train dropped us!!!

Text from Kate:
Serves u rite 4 still livg on L line beotch

Text from Krista:
Not helping. C u in a while.

When Krista finally walked in, warm despite the mild chill from the air—turned out San Francisco was sixty degrees at nearly all times of the year, including winter, so her Seattle jackets were overkill—Ben, Jasmine and Kate were all sitting around the dining room table drinking a glass of wine.
“Hey guys,” Krista said, dropping her stuff on the floor.
“Abbey’s home,” Ben warned.
Krista gave a body consuming sigh of aggravation. She picked up her stuff and marched it into her room where she dropped it in the middle of the floor. She didn’t feel like getting bitched at. Ben’s “piece” was taking its toll on Abbey’s nerves. If this place wasn’t so reasonably priced for how big it was, she would move in an instant.
Also, it would help if she had some money to spare.
Back out, a glass of red wine waiting for her, she sat with a relaxing sigh and reached for it.
“What are you, Princess Sighs-A-Lot?” Jasmine asked, eyeing her from across the table.
“I think I’ve picked it up from my boss…“
“That jerk guy?” Kate asked.
“Yeah. He sighs a million times a day. Every time he opens his email, or looks at work, or looks at a cup of coffee for crying out loud—sigh. Always with the sighs. It rubs off.”
“Better than the double chin,” Jasmine said, taking a sip. 
“True. How is work with you girls?” Krista asked, feeling so much better about her day now that she was home, with friends, and relaxing with a glass of vino. A girl had to look forward to the little things.
“Eh,” Kate said dismissively. “It’s work. I wouldn’t mind a change, but no one’s hiring.”
“Yeah.” Jasmine nodded. “It’s better than school in that I have a little money. It’s worse in that it takes up all my free time. So, I’m par for the course.”
“Oh—Kris,” Kate said, sitting upright. “I totally forgot to tell you. I can’t go to your Christmas party after all. My fucking mother wants me home for Christmas since I missed Thanksgiving.”
“Shoot!” Krista sighed yet again.
“That’s going to get old,” Jasmine reflected.
“It’s already old and I’m the one doing it. That sucks, Kate. Jaz, can you come?”
“Nope. I’ll be washing my hair.”
“Cute. Ben?”
“I really admire you, Krista, but I really don’t like those things. Sorry!”
“Ugh! You guys are all a bunch of hoboes! Well, it’s settled then, no way am I going.”
“Why?” Kate asked the same time as Jasmine said, “Don’t blame ya.”
“I’m not going to turn up to a party where no one will talk to me. How ridiculous would I feel?”
“What about that friend of yours. What’s his name…Johnny or something?” Kate asked.
“Tommy. He’s bringing his girlfriend. He’ll be talking to her all night and she won’t let me join the group because I’m a single chick.”
“Probably jealous of your cans, too,” Jasmine said.
“Dang it. I wanted to see Sean dressed up.”
“He’s going?” Jasmine perked up. She’d started seeing someone, so she wasn’t as horny, but she also was starting to get irritated by him already. It wouldn’t last much longer. Constantly dreaming of something better, she always wanted to hear the latest in the Sean files.
“Yeah, I guess he always goes. Has to schmooze. Find a girl to take home then dump. You know the story.”
“Wow, Bitter Betty, did he shit in your coffee this morning or something?” Kate asked with a smirk. 
Kate, unlike Jasmine, wasn’t all that thrilled Krista still talked to a man wanting nothing more than a roll in the hay. Kate and Jasmine were always two sides about everything. They were the devil and angel on Krista’s shoulders, except they usually took turns wearing the different hats of good and evil.
“I walked in on him feeling up some chick from Accounting.”
Kate’s look turned serious. “You didn’t fall for him did you? Because you know you can’t do that, Kris. You know—“
“No, I didn’t fall for him,” Krista said defensively, shifting in her seat. “I’m not quite that stupid. I just…he’s just…it’s just nice talking to him. I couldn’t find anything that made me believe all the rumors. Until today.”
“Besides always trying to fuck you?” Kate got slightly more dirty-mouthed when she was riled up, which was saying something, because she was plenty filthy in the normal course of her day. 
 “Who is this?” Ben asked quietly.
Krista rolled her eyes. “A guy I work with. He’s always after—“
“Her pussy,” Kate interjected.
“Kate, you know I hate that word!” Krista said with spite.
“That’s why I used it. I can see you losing sight of yourself with him. As I sit here, I can see it as you talk about him. He’s no good. Do I have to remind you that Jim was exactly the same way in the beginning? Attractive and clever and dashing?”
“No—“
“Because he was Krista. Jim could charm a woman out of her house if he wanted to. He was sweet and chatty and was completely focused on you and only you. Remember?”
“Yes,” Krista said sullenly, sinking into herself.
“And what happened when you finally gave in? When you decided that this time, this time, he was actually what he seemed?”
“But, in my defense, he had been into me.”
“He started abusing you, Krista! That’s what happened then! Cheating on you, hitting you, messing with your head—”
“What?” Ben sat forward, alarmed.
“Yes, Ben,” Kate said, not taking her eyes off Krista shrinking in her chair. “Krista, against her own better judgment, gave in to her ex-boyfriend Jim because he was so delightful. So handsome—“
“You thought he was, too,” Jasmine threw in. “You’re being harsh.”
“Yes, Jaz, I did. We all did. I’m not blaming Krista for Jim. We were all fooled with him. No one saw that coming. We were all young and inexperienced. 
“But I’m not fooled with Sean. I’m not a Bambi-eyed jackass anymore. I’ve seen through the rabbit hole with guys like him, and yes, very few are Jim’s caliber of fucked up, but still, I know what waits for Krista with a guy like Sean. She is only getting her life back together. She is only now, after nearly a year, starting to poke her head out of her turtle shell and realizing how strong of a woman she is. She is only now starting to joke again, for fuck’s sake! I-will-not-let-another-womanizing-fuck-head-asshole-mess-that-up-for-her!”
 “Well, despite my moment of insanity, Kate,” Krista said, wiping a tear from her eye. “Sean is a floozy, I got proof today, and I am back on course.”
“So there,” Jasmine said with a nod.
“I knew a man was your ocean,” Ben said pensively.
“What?” Kate and Jasmine asked together, thinking, quite rightly, that Ben was half cracked.
“Shall we?” Krista stood and turned toward the painting.
“Yes.” Ben got up, too. “I did guess on a few things, but it looks like I guessed right. I embellished a little, but it appears I really didn’t, so all-in-all, I think I just about hit the mark. I’d like to meet the Ocean, of course. I could do a couple touch-ups to really bring it three-dimensional.”
“No.”
“I’d like to meet the Ocean myself,” Jasmine said with a wicked grin. “I don’t mind using him for a night. I never have to see him again.”
“Take one down, pass it around…” Kate sang.
“Yes, okay,” Ben said, trying to tune out the feminine brigade behind him.
In the living room, amid the painting and all the plastic sheets, the crew of four gathered around the painting, currently covered with a faded black sheet.
“You need new sheets, Ben. Not that I’m commenting,” Jasmine observed dryly.
“Ah…okay. So, what I need from all of you are your thoughts. More aptly speaking, your emotions when it comes to looking at the piece. If there are any, of course. Okay.”
Ben carefully removed the sheet off of a fury of color. 
“Oh!” Kate said, staring wide-eyed.
Krista had thought there would be primarily reds and blues, and technically it probably was, but to the eye, it was so much more. While it was every bit the abstract painting Ben had set out for, she saw the shapes he’d envisioned. There were the swirls of yellow and orange—hope. There was the anger and uncertainty and whatever else he’d said was red. The waves and currents and undertow in blues. In the middle, where the most yellow and orange could be found zinging through the canvas, was a clash of the blue and red, turning the colors violet, indigo, magenta and pink. 
It. Was. Sensational!
Jasmine had her head cocked, analyzing. She was the most artsy of the three of them. If there was anything constructive to say, she was the one it would come from.
 “So,” Ben said, watching faces. “Thoughts?”
“What’s the title?” Jasmine asked as she crossed her arms, a speculative look on her face. 
“Lost and Found,” Ben replied, looking at the painting.
“It’s…cool.” Kate ventured.
“I like what you’ve done with the colors. The conflict. To me it portrays a battle. A war.”
“I see that,” Kate nodded. “Kinda. But also…you know…like anger. Right? Or…fear? Hope?”
“You’re just throwing out words, now.” Krista grinned and rolled her eyes.
“Fuck off, I see that! Kinda… Feel it, maybe? Art is confusing.”
 “There is so much movement,” Jasmine continued, moving her hands in the air over the colors. “It’s all over the place. My eye wants to go everywhere at once, but it always comes back to the struggle in the middle. Why Lost and Found?”
Ben was still looking at the canvas. “A soul. One lost soul, searching. Wandering in this corporeal world through a timeless scope. A—“
“Stop right there…” Jasmine held up her hand, “too heavy for a weekend painter. Well, it rocks, so good work.”
“The subject is Krista. I should mention that,” Ben said, turning to watch reactions.
“Krista?” Kate said, leaning closer to the painting.
“He had a dream that he thinks was about my life,” Krista explained.
“Not about your life, but about your current struggle,” Ben clarified.
“Whatever.”
“Lost and Found, huh? Hmm. I can see that,” Jasmine reflected.
“What, that I’m lost, or that I’m found?” Krista put her hands on her hips. This was all tomfoolery in her opinion. All she saw was a really cool blast of color.
“Your brain is lost, that’s for sure,” Kate said, tilting her head as she kept looking at the painting. “I really like it; I can’t stop looking at it, but I don’t think I see the deeper meaning here. And I certainly don’t see anything to do with Krista. But…I agree, it rocks. Good work, Ben.”
“That’s it?” Ben asked.
“What do you want from us?” Kate replied. “We’re stat brats. We’re not brush jockeys.”
“I guess I thought you were more opinionated.”
“About certain things, surely,” Kate said, leading the brigade back to the living room. “HEY!”
Everyone jumped then froze, each in a different squat about ready to sit.
“Speed dating!” Kate boomed.
“No,” Krista said immediately.
“Sure.” Jasmine shrugged.
Ben stayed silent, probably thinking he wasn’t included in Kate’s new big scheme, or maybe not as able to keep up with her quick 180’s.
“YES! Speed dating. We’re all single—or will be soon. We all need a man or woman. Speed dating.”
“Oh! Jasmine,” Ben said with a smile. “I wasn’t aware you were a lesbian. You know, I have a good friend that—“
Ben was cut off by Kate cackling. When the laughter died down, Jasmine said, “I like men, Ben. Kate will be dragging you along with us.”
“Oh, no,” Ben said, sitting back with a polite shake of his head. “Thank you, Kate. But no. That isn’t really my scene.”
“Ben, come off it,” Jasmine exclaimed. “It isn’t any of our scenes. It’s another one of Kate’s great ideas—“
“It is a great idea!” Kate threw in.
“--and she’ll keep bugging us until we give in. Don’t try to fight it.”
Ben looked at Krista, close to panic. 
“Sorry, Ben.” Krista shook her head. “Jasmine’s right. We’ll all have to go.”
“You guys, this is a great idea!”
Kate was drowned out by collective groans.




Chapter Four

The dating game totally sucked! Krista hated it.
The other thing she hated was one night stands. But in an attempt to sink or swim, she’d had a bunch of tequila Saturday night and brought a friend of Jasmine’s home. She was rewarded with sloppy kisses, one brief panic attack, and a bad lay. She wasn’t even remotely satisfied. 
It was necessary, though. It was the first sexual encounter since Jim, and another step away from his hold over her. She’d confronted some of her fears, and she had to be honest, doing it drunk and with a man you would never see again if you didn’t want to—which she didn’t, since she was mortified—was a bonus. But that was the weekend. Now, Monday morning, she felt a little trashy and a lot insecure. This return to powerful, blasé Krista would take some getting used to.
Krista dropped her stuff under her cube desk, grabbed her mug and trudged into the break room, not caring if she saw Sean or Satan. Preferably didn’t want to see God, though—probably couldn’t face that guy just yet. As she passed through the door, she ran straight into someone and bounced off. 
Instincts said to brace herself with her hands outstretched. Memory said do no such thing. To heroically protect her mug, she let her face take the fall, slamming her cheek into wall. Before she could rebound and head toward the floor, probably continuing her heroic rampage and breaking her face this time, she was grabbed from behind. 
 “Jesus, Krista, are you all right?” Sean held her for a brief second, cradling her body within his, before gently easing her to the wall so she could settle in a soft landing.
All she could think to say, as her brain started to buzz with the delicious proximity, was “Please don’t say the Lord’s name in vain around me right now. He might throw a thunderbolt.”
A confused smile blossomed on Sean’s face. “Did you not see the wall coming?”
“You’d feel pretty stupid right now if I was a clumsy girl and often used my face as a doorstop.”
“I might, yes. But it’d still be funny.”
“Probably.” 
“You’re not a clumsy girl, then?” Sean was leaning close, suffocating her pleasantly with that special elixir of his. His body was so warm, and large. He was wearing a dress shirt today, which was snug around his chest and biceps. He was filled out in all the right places.
If she didn’t put some distance between them, she was liable to do something crazy, like grab his crotch. “Please step away, you are using all my air.” 
Sean chuckled, putting a hand to the wall by her face and easing himself backward. “Seriously, though, all joking aside, are you okay? Your cheek bone is turning red.”
“Does it still look like the other one?”
Sean’s eyes went back and forth across her face, comparing. Only twice did they dip to her lips, probably checking for a fat lip. “It is red with scuff marks, so no. But it is still shaped like the other one, so not broken.”
 “Well, then, when people ask how I got bruised, I’ll say you hit me.” A shock of terror stopped her heart. A memory flash of a large fist toward her face blotted out her vision. 
It wasn’t funny yet. It probably wouldn’t ever be funny again.
 She lost her humor and changed gears quickly. “Anyway, I need coffee. I had a weekend.”

~*~*~*~

Sean watched as Krista’s face shut down. Sarcastic comicality dissolved into fear, then resignation. It had been something she said… 
As he replayed the scene, it dawned on him. Cold fingers clutched his gut. 
“I’d never hit a woman, Krista,” he said quietly.
Her step hitched and her body bowed a little. She glanced at him, mouse-like. 
 “It’s not all about you, McAdams. Get a grip,” she said in a wispy voice playing at being strong. She took a deep breath, trying to claw her way back from whatever dark place that comment had taken her. It didn’t take a genius to figure it out. She’d been hit. By a man. A father, maybe. Or an ex-boyfriend.
Without warning, something deep and forgotten raised its ugly head. Anger boiled, rising to the surface. Seeing her hurting, afraid…he could barely breathe for wanting to ease that pain. He wanted to meet that guy, whoever it was, and put some manners into him. Make him pay for what he’d done to her; make sure that guy didn’t ever to it to another woman again.
“Does no one in this company know how to make coffee?” she was saying, reaching for an open bag.
Sean pulled himself together, took his own deep breath. Stilled his overwhelming emotions and tucked them back inside. 
“So, you had a weekend?” he asked, willing humor to cover the uncomfortable place he found himself. 
“Eh! I went speed dating, of all things.” Krista put her head in her hand. “Kate’s idea.”
“And Kate is…your friend?”
Krista turned and gave him a flat stare, her eyes on fire. “Bloody good show, Captain Obvious, you’ve solved the riddle.”
The dark cloud over their moods dissolved instantly. Sean barked out laughter, unused to seeing this side of the nerdy research girl. He wondered if anyone in the company had. He bet not. He would’ve heard about it. They liked to gossip about her as much as him. 
 “And how’d it go?”
“Well, I met fifty wankers…” She ripped the bag open. “No, that’s not true. I met about forty-five wankers, and five decent fellows. One I quite liked. The others were door stops.” 
She scooped the coffee into the machine and hit the “Start” button. She took her full cup and crossed to the creamer station. Sean took up her position, but instead of using the last dredges in the pot, something he usually would have done to move his morning along, he poured it down the sink and waited for the next batch in order to hang around longer.
“So you met five keepers, then. That’s not bad,” Sean said as he lounged against the wall.
Creamer in hand, Krista lounged as well. “Not keepers, no. Five guys that weren’t awful. One keeper. Just one. And he--”
“Oh, Sean!” 
Sean and Krista both looked toward the entrance of the break room where the worst possible gossip was hurrying forward. 
“Good morning, Cindy,” Sean muttered, hating the interruption.
She smiled at him and batted her eyelashes, late on noticing Krista. When she did, she looked at the other woman, then back to him, suggestion taking over her features. “Oh, am I interrupting something?”
“Well that depends. Are you planning to steal all the creamer?” Krista asked with a voice that sounded like honey poured over razor blades.
Cindy made a sound like, “Wwu..?”
Krista continued to stare at her like she’d asked a logical question. 
“Oh, well…Uh, no, of course not!” 
“Then no, you won’t be interrupting my morning ritual of making coffee. Anyway, Sean, like I was saying—or are you bored?”
“Fire away.” 
“Right.” Krista got a sugar packet and shook it within an inch of its life. “Like I was saying, I liked one of the five, right? And guess which one of the five didn’t call?”
Sean raised his eyebrows.
“Exactly. The one I liked. He was hot and laid back and cool. He didn’t call. Of course he didn’t. But the others—oh they called lots. I had to return a call on each one to get them to stop freaking calling me! So then I tried to say I didn’t want to go out with them, right? And they asked why I gave them the envelope. It was a good point, so now I have freaking four dates in the next two weeks with guys I don’t want to talk to. Did I mention I hate first dates?”
Krista stared accusingly at Sean.
“Well, dear, how will you ever meet someone? You’re single, I take it?”
Krista looked at Cindy with that flat stare again, daring her to interrupt their conversation one more time. After Cindy was fidgeting nervously, Krista turned back to Sean. 
“So now I have to go on these dates, sit at some restaurant awkwardly, listen to them as they nonstop talk about their lives, and pretend to be having a good time because I’m too nice to say how uncomfortable I am! Urg!”
“Then why did you go in the first place?” Sean asked, inwardly smiling at Cindy’s discomfort.
“You try saying no to Kate! But I did meet Paul. He was at the bar directly after to shoot the shi—ah, to chat. He didn’t do the speed dating thing, but his friends did, so that’s how we all kinda met. Kate and Jasmine wanted to hook up with the friends…“
“Together?” Cindy exclaimed.
“Cindy, my dear, you watch too much porn,” Krista said as she stirred her coffee. “Anyway, he’s okay. Paul, I mean. Really sweet. I should’ve just hung out with him that evening, but we had to rush off to meet Jasmine’s friends—” She grimaced, sighed and shook her head all at the same time. “Ah life, it sucks, yes? Well, anyway, I’ll catch you all later.” 
Without further ado, Krista trudged out with her coffee in hand and her cheek bright red.
“What’s got into her?” Cindy asked indignantly.
“She had a bad weekend,” Sean explained, still feeling as light as a balloon. If he didn’t already want her, he would now. He loved sassy women.
When Sean got back to his desk, he had an email from Krista.

Hi Sean,

What can I say, I’m an a-hole. Sorry about the tirade. Always be wary when I’ve had a bad weekend full of tequila and bad lays. I can be a cranky S.O.B. 
P.S. I don’t plan to apologize to Cindy. I hope you did damage control. You’re good at that sort of thing. 

Bad lays? So she wasn’t so saintly after all. 
The next email was from John. Reading it with a hard-on just felt wrong.

~*~*~*~

Krista was working on her first real project, which would turn into her first real, honest-to-God presentation. She’d been at it for a half hour and already come up against a brick wall.  
Her boss had emailed her the subject, which was a type of sports drink, and noted that if she had any questions, she should “go ahead and ask sales directly.” In other words, don’t bother him; it’s none of his business.
Not afraid of forging ahead without a support system, or dead weight, depending on how one looked at it, the first thing she’d done was research sports drinks in the company’s giant database. That yielded a ton of information, way too much for any one presentation. The topic had to be narrowed down somewhat. And while she had read the email 800 times, there was nothing in it to help.
So here she was, halfway into a bad day, also halfway into her first real assignment, and already with questions. It was probably a departmental record.
She sent an email to the general Sales account, having no one specific listed in her email, asking for some specific information. It would take a second for the email to be routed, so she headed to the other side of the floor to get a soda. By the time she got back, she had a message in her inbox. She nearly peed herself. 
It was from Sean.
 He must not have realized he wasn’t supposed to respond to her last email, and was now trying to glean some more of her private info while the vault was open. When her eyes skimmed lower, her heart froze. Even worse still. 

Dear Krista,
I received your email from the main Sales email account. In future, please contact me directly with any questions about this presentation.  
Attached you will find specific parameters and demographics I would like to encompass within this presentation. If you have any problems with the guidelines, please notify me immediately. I am excited to be working with you on this campaign.
Best regards,
Sean McAdams

Before she could open the attachment, she got another email.

Dear Krista,
On hindsight, I am not sure how thorough James was about protocol for getting a presentation approved. He will need to sign off on any final content. He will then forward it to Sales for our viewing pleasure, but will not give us time to work with the Researcher on format. 
As a special favor to me, I wondered if you might send me a copy of your presentation when you send it to him? I can then have more time to look it over. I would greatly appreciate it.
Thanks a million!
-Sean

She couldn’t help but notice how formal the first email was, and how loose the second was. It was like he sent the first email without looking at who the researcher was, then realized it was her and tried to use his influence to call out a favor. If he didn’t use her name in the first email, she would have paid it no more mind. As it was, it seemed like there was a tiny bit of manipulation going on. 
On the other hand, Sean could help, whereas Mr. Montgomery wouldn’t. Being that Sean was the best salesman in the company, his critical eye was as good as getting a private lesson directly from the teacher. She just had to make sure he was always out in public, and therefore responsible for his actions. She really didn’t want her first real presentation marred by a sexual harassment suit. Or a kick to the groin.

~*~*~*~

Four full work days of complete focus later, Krista sat back and looked at her finished report. She’d done two edits and two final checks, and now it was ready to be sent. 
The presentation wasn’t for another two weeks, so she didn’t have to work so diligently, but she had little else to do and a lot she didn’t want to think about—like the latest date and his love of birds--so she worked on it almost exclusively. She wasn’t hammering it out like normal, either. She took her time, learned the software, did some Photoshop, and tinkered with the visuals. She wanted it to pass her personal inspection before it went out to the powers that be. And she had exacting standards.
In the end, despite her aversions to Sean, she did care what he thought. Obviously he was doing something right in his professional career to be where he was. Logically, she should listen to his every word so some of his success might rub off. 
In truth, though, she wanted to stand out. She wanted to prove she was better than the sleaze-buckets he took home. That she was worth something, that she was more than just tits and ass. She wanted respect, damn it. R-E-S-P-E-C-T!
I’m dumb.
When she was finished, she paused in her fifth rendition of Aretha Franklin’s song. To help Sean, or not to help Sean. The power was in her hands.
Who was she kidding? Sometimes she was bitchy, but overall she wasn’t a bitch. Or spiteful. 

Hi Sean,
Per your request, here is a copy of my presentation. It was sent to Mr. Montgomery earlier today. I would appreciate it if you didn’t mention that I sent it to you directly—he gets touchy about that sort of thing.
Any feedback you could give would be greatly appreciated. 
Thanks for your time.
Krista

Faster than a flash, she received back:

Dear Krista,
Understood.
-Sean

She stared at the screen for a minute, looked away, and then looked back at the email just in case she missed part of the message. 
No, she was right the first time--it was a pretty simple message. 
It was the simplicity that was misleading. Did he understand she was going out on a limb for him? If so, where was the gratitude? What did he think about it being her first presentation? Did that worry him? Did he have confidence in her? There was so much more going on than “understood” could portray. 
Could he have at least given her a sentence so that she could read into it a bit more? Cripes, she had nothing else to do, dissecting his code like she was in high school would have at least passed the hours.
And while she was on the “I hate Sean” bandwagon, why bother with the Dear Krista shenanigans? And why sign his name? The email said who the sender was; she didn’t need him to double up the info.
She sighed, loudly, and leaned back in her chair. Then she went for coffee. Her friend Peet was always willing to lend an ear while selling his wares.

The next day there was an email waiting in her inbox. Thankfully it was from Sean. Thankfully because she had slept horribly worried that he would accidently, or not accidentally, tell Mr. Montgomery that she sent it directly to him. She would get in serious trouble if her boss found out. 


Krista—
Fantastic work! You get a gold star for this. And thanks for breaking protocol sending it ahead of time—your secret is safe with me. Any problems and don’t hesitate to say I strong-armed you.
I have noted some minor changes that would help on a macro level. As soon as James sends me his version (which I doubt will have any changes), I will send these changes to him so we are all on the same page. I will not mention you already received these notes.
 I also have some art mock-ups. If you wanted to pop by my office I could briefly show you what we are looking at in terms of overall feel. It would help you to know how you fit into the overall layout. Please let me know if you have time for this.
Thanks again on such a thorough job. I knew I would be in safe hands.  
-Sean

Well, now, that’s more like it!
Krista smiled to herself. Her worry had been stupid. Of course Sean would understand! Thank God!
She got to work right away on his notes, which were both insightful and easy to change, then got her mug and headed down to meet him with a bounce in her step. It wasn’t until she stepped out of the elevator that she paused. That she realized where she was going. Alone.
Her stomach filled with butterflies and her fist tightened on her lucky mug. 
“This is not a big deal,” she whispered to herself. 
Taking a big breath, stepping out of the line of fire into a fake, bushy plant, which was only weird if she got caught, she took stock of her situation. She was here for business. She was not here to meet him in some kind of intimate tryst. He was funny and nice to talk to, but so were a million people. His handsome face and freaking god-like body just meant he was bad news to boot. No mystery there. She’d already catalogued that fact.
So why the hell was that open door beckoning her closer, the pull of the charismatic salesman moving her feet as if she was in a lovesick daze. It was so freaking unfair. 
With a big sigh, face a stern mask of determination, she stepped out from behind the bushy plant, then apologized profusely to the passing woman who jumped and screeched at the Research girl materializing out of thin air. 
Back on track, Krista marched down the hallway, eyes trained on the battlefield, ready to keep her wits about her, hands to herself, and not grab any crotches in an act of sexual starvation. As she stepped up to the gaping door, hand in the act of knocking, she heard a female voice float out into the hallway. Then laughter. 
Her gut pinched in worry. She really, really didn’t want to walk in on some sort of office sexual fantasy being acted out by Sean and his squeeze of the day.
She poked her head in slowly, eyes squinting just in case they had to close quickly, and saw a woman leaning heavily over the desk, half her large chest spilling out of her top and onto the wood. Sean’s green eyes seemed to glow in the bright, fluorescent light as they glanced at the cleavage show, a slick, predator-like expression dominating his face. 
Her stomach seized up. Instead of the hurt she feared, her determination hardened. This clown wasn’t worth her emotional rollercoaster, and she was tired of him getting his way. Really, did these women not have any self-respect? 
Rolling her eyes, Krista continued her knock, sighing when Sean’s head snapped up and his hungry expression turned into a mask of guilt.
“Sorry to disturb you,” Krista said coolly, irritation firing on all cylinders. “I just wanted to look at the art mock-ups. Should I come back later?” She glanced at the busty girl who was surprisingly not cute.
It was official. This guy would literally screw anything. No offense Miss Boob-N-Plenty.
“Not at all, Krista. Please, come in,” Sean answered cordially.
The girl, a member of Marketing, gave Krista a look that said she should watch her back or her desk might catch fire with her tied to it. “Okay, Sean, well I’ll chat with you tonight.” Mt. Bust slowly crossed to the door, then made a show of waiting for Krista to get out of her way.
“Ole,” Krista said without thinking. She looked up at Sean with a “Don’t you dare comment” look. Wisely, he caught it and erased his smile. 
After Krista finally stepped into the room, Sean said, “Sorry about that. She was just visiting.” 
He looked like he needed Krista to understand something. Male urges? Helplessness in the face of nipples? Unwilling participant in a love affair but unable to say no for fear of life? Whatever it was, she wasn’t buying.
“No problem. Could I just see the mock-ups?”
“Of course.” Sean smoothly exited his chair, raising a hand to beckon her over. 
Krista stayed right where she was. She knew what happened to raw meat when it wandered into the lion’s den.
“They are on discs,” Sean explained patiently, “so you have to view them from my computer.” His face was perfectly blank. 
Have you ever heard of a flash drive?
Defeated but still rigid, Krista crossed the space, taking the path on the far side of the desk to get to the chair. It meant she had to awkwardly climb over a garbage can and recycling bin, half leaning on the desk so as not to crawl through a plant, but she did not have to pass within inches of an incredibly attractive, though exceedingly sleazy, salesman.
As she sank into the overstuffed leather chair it went cush. “Oh holy hell, this is a nice chair. Sorry about the language.”
A smile flickering up his face, Sean said, “Can’t complain.” 
He took two slow steps to her side, leaned over her, his solid bicep inches from her face, and worked the mouse, bringing up the presentation. A buzzing filled Krista’s head as she tried to ignore the heat radiating off that exquisite body. She took a deep breath, not hearing whatever was drumming out of his muscular chest next to her ear. His special elixir dizzied her, made her want to lean in, connecting her skin with his.
“There you go.” That smooth masculine tone tickled her ears and groin at the same time, making her break out in a sweat and shiver.
“Hmmmm?”
Sean’s face angled down to hers, wondering if she understood.
Oh, she understood alright. She was about to go down the wrong road if he kept standing there, that’s what she understood. She didn’t need to add sexual harassment to her list of accolades.
“Yup, all good here. No problem. Please step away.”
With a confused chuckle, Sean did exactly that, eating her alive with his intense gaze.
Shaking her head, reaching for control, she reached for the mouse as she cleared her throat. “Do you have a pen and notepaper? I’d like to take some notes. Me memory no so good.” 
Sean chuckled. “Sure.” 
 “Jeez, you get all the nice office stuff,” Krista noticed through a foggy head. “I get crappy plastic pens with no grip, a crappy mouse, a used, dirty keyboard—well, until it was replaced…”
“Replaced?”
“Oh, yeah. I guess the main-cheese in IT thought he’d do me a favor. Not that I’m complaining.”
“Jacob?”
“The one and only. I think Research freaks him out, though. He hasn’t come back, thank God. I only need so much leering in my lifetime.”
Sean chuckled again. “It’s who you know, though sometimes the cost isn’t worth the end result.” 
He had that right. 
He paused for a minute before he moved to the visitor chairs facing the desk. “Are you wearing a new scent?”
“What?”
“Your perfume. New?”
“Oh, yeah. My friend Kate gave it to me. Well, not true. She left it at my house and I failed to return it.”
“Finders keepers.”
She laughed. “Exactly.” 
When the slide show came up she had a good look. The art portion wasn’t all that exciting, but looked way different than her presentation. The colors, for starters, clashed with her colors. They looked like two different presentations altogether. If what she was looking at was set in stone, she needed to redo her whole design format.
That would mean she wasted a ton of time on this! It was short-sighted on Sean’s part to wait this long before letting her know.
“Is this what you’re going with? Final, final?” she asked, irritation seeping back into her voice.
Sean sat in the visitor chair, eyes glued to her face. “Yes. There might be one or two changes, but they would be minimal.”
“Just a curiosity, has Mr. Montgomery seen this?”
Sean’s head tilted. “No. Why would he?”
“To check it against my stuff?”
He shook his head, clearly not understanding what she was rambling about. It seemed like no one in the company cared about efficiency. Everyone worked independently of each other, thus making the project roll around in circles. It affronted Krista’s organized nature. 
She shrugged and let it go. She was too new to raise those kinds of questions to the top salesman. She also doubted Mr. Montgomery would care about the work of other departments. His personality clashed, why shouldn’t his colors?
“Okay, got it.” She leaned forward with the intent to get up, but her butt had fallen in love with soft, supple leather. She couldn’t stop herself from leaning back, instead. 
Sean, still watching her intently—here’s another word, staring—took her cue and settled a little more firmly in his own, much less comfortable, chair.
 “Sorry.” She sighed, wiggling her butt. “It’s just… this freaking chair has a hold on me and doesn’t want to let go.”
“Then I’m jealous of the chair,” Sean whispered. 
The words wound their way through the air like silk, curling under her skin, stroking her in all the right places. He sounded so sincere. As a woman listening to a man she found startlingly attractive, she wanted to believe.
Like Theresa believed. Like the Boob Market from a moment ago believed.
Krista was out of the chair as if on springs, climbing over the garbage can like an explorer running from a raging elephant. She didn’t even care about the gossip end of it anymore. She was more concerned with not falling for that old bullshit. She was better than that. She deserved better.
“Krista…” Sean stood quickly, partially blocking her way.
“Excusez-moi.” She didn’t meet his eyes. Instead she drank in the sight of his large expanse of shoulder. The air was stuffed with unsaid words as he slowly stepped aside.
“Your mug,” he said softly. He sounded forlorn. He sounded like he had been unfairly tried; guilty until proven innocent.
Yeah right, dude. You own the world but you’re oppressed? Such a douche.
Her mug, though, was serious business. In a twirl of locomotion, she snatched her mug off the desk, but didn’t account for her shaky grip. It jumped ship and fell toward the floor. 
“Oh God no! I am such a complete moron!” 
She dove head first after it, already having bruised half her face, and now not caring if the other side matched or not. She could not break another lucky mug. Not two in the same job. It would be doomsday for sure. 
In a struggle of life-and-death, the mug bounced once, spilled its contents, and then came to a rest under Sean’s desk in one piece. She sighed hugely in relief, her head and shoulders uncomfortably wedged between wood and chair.
My mugs try to commit suicide in Sean’s presence. Don’t think I don’t notice!
“Crap, Sean, I’m so sorry! Let me clean it up.” 
“No, no, it’s fine. Really Krista…” Sean was trying not to laugh. He was also looking at her in bewildered shock. 
Apparently he didn’t believe her when she said her mug was important. If he did, he would have known that of course she would dive under the desk to save it! Small price to pay for job longevity.
He put a large, warm hand on her shoulder to prevent her sprinting out of the office in search of paper towels. The shock of it was so intense she stopped moving in wonder. She felt a zing of electric current slide up and down the middle of her body, tingling off her rib cage, sizzling down her thighs, and alighting all her pleasure sensors one at a time as if they were light switches being turned on. It was like touching a live wire, but instead of being painfully electrocuted, she was injected with adrenaline.
She did look up then. His eyes were soft with immeasurable depth. Looking into them was looking to the center of his soul. He returned her look, deeply. Wanting the connection. Wanting to be close to her. 
He brought his hand up, needing to touch her. Needing to know this intimacy was shared. But the horror, surely represented on her face, stilled his movement. She didn’t want this. She couldn’t want it. She didn’t want to take a chance and be let down, because he would let her down. She didn’t need Jim’s example to know that, she had proof all around the company.
 “I’ll clean it up. Let me grab your mug,” Sean said softly, ruffling her hair with his breath.
She wanted to give in. Right then, she wanted to stop being on the defensive. But if one didn’t learn from the past, one was a nincompoop. It was too soon to get hurt again. 
Thankfully, he was moving away, allowing her a second to regroup. 
 “Got it!” she said, holding up her coffee-stained arm with a mug attached to the end. “It’s okay.”
Sean was shaking his head sadly. Quietly he said, “You and that mug.”
“Yeah, well, we all have our crutch.” 
“Yes we do.”
“Sorry again. I have to go.” She nearly ran out of the office. 
Sean let her go.




Chapter Five

Krista woke up with a jolt. Today was the day. She was unprepared!
No she wasn’t. She was prepared. She could do this.
She got out of bed two seconds before her alarm clock blared. Lunging for it, she slapped it off and straightened up.
“I can do this today.” 
She was answered with the sound of rolling waves. Good enough.
She took special care with getting dressed. She applied makeup and did her hair. It sounded like a routine, but for the past few months she had barely bothered. It wasn’t the thing to be all made-up when you went to work anymore, just like it wasn’t the thing for guys to shave every day. The trend was laziness, and Krista was onboard. 
Except for today. Today was special. She had people to impress today. She would give her presentation!
“Oh God, I’m nervous!” Krista took a second away from liquid eyeliner to hold her stomach and take a breath.
“Krista, are you almost done?” 
Ben was huddled outside the door in X-Men pajamas, squeezing himself for warmth with dark circles under his eyes. 
“What are you doing up so early?”
“I have a meeting with my group before class. I have to get the bus all the way to Fisherman’s Wharf area.”
“Oh, that sucks. Uh, I am nearly done. Can you wait ten minutes?”
“’Kay.” Ben trudged back to his room.
Krista finished up and got on her way. The meeting wasn’t until 10 o’clock, so she wasn’t worried about Muni running late. In the office she put all her stuff down, stowed her laptop so if someone were brave enough to enter Research, they wouldn’t steal it, and got her mug. Coffee, then practice, then show time!
Butterflies had turned carnivorous. They were eating her stomach lining!
Sean was absent, which was great since she hadn’t seen him since that day in his office, so she filled up her cup and headed to the creamer station. She thought she might use extra cream and sugar for a little kick.
“Good morning.” The absence had been too good to be true. Sean sauntered in, looking confident, looking like he hadn’t a care in the world. He probably didn’t. He’d done so many presentations they were probably old news. 
“Mernin,” Krista replied.
“I haven’t seen you in a while.”
“Yeah, I’ve been grabbing some Peet’s on the way in. Muni has been spotty lately.”
“Ignoring your lucky mug? I’m surprised.” His statement was easygoing and friendly, but underneath, if she wasn’t mistaken, there was an edge of wariness.
“Oh no, I pour the coffee into my mug when I get in. It sees plenty of action.”
Sean nodded, not quite laughing. She could feel his eyes focused on her like a spotlight. She turned into the fixed gaze.
“Are you ready for today?” he asked.
“Yes, I am completely prepared and ready to go.” She felt formal, she sounded formal, and she hoped that when the presentation came around, she portrayed formal.
“Ready to go, huh?” Sean repeated with a hint of animalistic hunger.
One thing she didn’t need today was this old song-and-dance. She excused herself and headed out. He had nothing to offer her when he was pulling womanizer.
“Krista.” 
She closed her eyes against the soft lick on the inside of her brain. No matter how much she distanced him, he still had an effect on her. It was probably the most frustrating thing about him.
He was looking at her with a focused, piercing gaze. It was like he suddenly switched off the bullshit and a machine stepped in. There was no angle now, especially not a faux-romance one. “I wasn’t kidding when I said this was a big account. A very important account. To me. So if you need anything, any help or even just a second opinion to springboard some ideas, please call me this morning without hesitation.”
He sounded normal. And helpful. And polite. His voice was velvet with a hint of deep gravel, exfoliating her nerves, but in a good way. It made her feel more confident. Less alone. 
“I am pretty set, Sean, but thanks.” 
“Anything at all, Krista, I’m here, okay? I know you’re inexperienced, but you have a team supporting you today, so we’ll catch you if you stutter. Don’t be nervous.”
Krista took a big breath and smiled. “Good pep talk, coach. I needed that.”
Sean smiled, too. “I could tell.”
Back at her desk, Krista looked at her materials. She went over her slides again. She reviewed and reviewed until she was ready. More than ready. She was eager.
That’s going a bit far.
Ready. She was ready.
When it was time, she grabbed her laptop, her lucky mug, and headed up to conference room C. The smallest one. Why Sean, the best salesman, was heading a sales pitch for a tiny, weak company, when everyone important—including the rest of Research—was working on Dell, Krista couldn’t even guess. It probably had something to do with the Cosmos laughing at her.
Regardless, it was experience and that’s what she needed. 
Up at the conference room, with weak legs and a tingling, nearly churning stomach, she poked her head in the door. Sean was standing with two women and a man, reviewing pictures on a large billboard. 
“Can I help you?” 
Krista jumped and spilled the contents in her mug. Luckily, it was water. She had been worried about being too wired with coffee so she switched it up.
She turned as she stepped into the room. A smallish man wearing an off-the-rack suit, probably from the Men’s Warehouse, was addressing her. He had gelled hair, a wide, flat nose, a goatee, and a sparkling, giant gold watch. Krista wondered if he was a car salesman before this job.
“I’m Research. Krista, I mean. From Research. I’m supposed to be here.”
Lame.
“Krista…” It was Sean. She turned to him gratefully. The intensity of the car salesman’s gaze was disconcerting. “Just the person I was looking for. Would you mind walking me through what you plan to go over?”
“Uh…” She glanced back at the other salesman, wondering if she should say something. He quickly shifted his gaze from her butt to her face. 
That question answered, Krista shuffled into the room quickly. Sean stepped behind her, cutting off the eye-line of the other yahoo. It was a bad start and certainly not the professionalism she expected.
Letting it drift away, she set up her computer at a far table, butt to the wall, before looking back up at Sean. She could tell her mouth was a thin line of disapproval, but she was angry and disgusted, so there wasn’t much to be done.
“Your slides?” Sean prompted, looking fixedly into her eyes.
Krista cleared her throat and tucked a flyaway strand of hair behind her ear. “I thought you approved the slides?” 
“I did, yes. The slides were artfully done. I was just wondering about your delivery?” 
Krista swallowed nervously, hesitating to make sure her voice would stay steady and unaffected. He took the pause for suspicion. 
Smoothly, he said, “I just want to make sure we are all presenting as a team. I’ve already talked with everyone else, and I want to be the glue between your faction and the art people. It makes for a more cohesive presentation, don’t you think?”
God she was inexperienced, and she was doing a poor job of hiding it. She felt like she was about to throw up, but she nodded as if trying to say, Yes, of course, that sounds about right. “Oh, sure.”
She angled her laptop toward him and stepped to the right, allowing him to step closer and view the screen. She opened up the presentation and put it on slide show mode. Before she could begin, he said, “You changed some of the colors.” 
He scooted in closer, hitting her with those vivid, sparkling eyes, so confident, a question in his look. Krista’s nervousness combined with butterflies at his proximity quickly derailed her already fragile concentration.
“Would you like to sit on my lap?” she blurted. 
“Oh. Excuse me.” He took a half-step away with a devilishly handsome grin, swirling his unique scent around her head.
It was a smell you couldn’t buy. He smelled like the beach at sunset on a mild summer day. A proper beach. With beautiful people and cresting waves. A Hawaiian beach, maybe. Or Mexico. Somewhere warm and lovely. Get her a Mai Tai and a beach chair and she was home.
She distractedly waved her hand in front of her face to clear the air. She needed fresh air. 
“Not much I can do about the stink,” Sean said casually.
She could feel a smile working its way up her face as she looked at him with wide eyes. “Well, we can’t all be perfect.” She couldn’t help but laugh. 
He laughed with her and leaned a little more comfortably against the table. 
“Okay.” She sighed. Then flinched. 
“You okay?”
“Oh. Yeah. Mr. Montgomery has a ba—uh, habit of sighing all the time. For some reason I’ve picked it up, but my friend told me she’d give me a Thump Bird the next time she caught me doing it, so I’ve been trying to stop.” 
“I noticed that about him. It drives John crazy. What’s a Thump Bird?”
Krista’s face went red. “Oh, it’s a…well…” 
She looked around the room, making sure no one was watching. When she saw that they were all engrossed in poster boards or idle chit-chat, she touched her middle finger to her thumb like she was doing an “A-OK” sign gesture, but with her middle finger. The other fingers were out as straight as possible. She made like her hand was a bird, flying, her fingers wings, bobbing as if in the air. She lost her nerve before she made the traditional Thump Bird sound, and then collapsed in a fit of giggles.
“I can’t do it. If you ever meet Jasmine have her show you. Eventually you get flicked in the head. It doesn’t hurt per se, but she does it when you least expect it. You sit there wondering what that weird sound is… then bang--Thump Bird.” 
Sean was looking at her with a lopsided smile. It was as if he couldn’t believe she could be so silly, and the realization made him wonder if she was an alien. 
She regained her composure immediately. “Anyway, strange anecdotes aside…” She waited for him to shift back toward the computer. When it didn’t happen, she looked up to see what the holdup was. 
Turned out it was her. He was studying her, his face intent, hunger evident in his eyes, but not the kind she usually saw. This time it was a softer craving. It wasn’t sexually based. It was something else…
Her head filled with buzzing. She nearly picked up her pen, treated it like a stake, and stabbed him in the chest. It would end this slow torture once and for all. 
So would sex.  
“REGARDING THE PRESENTATION!” She yelled to block out that last, damning thought.
The whole room turned to her. 
“Sorry to interrupt, everyone. Sorry about that. I was just joking around over here. Hah hah…”
Sean’s look had turned piercing, half in frustration, half in boyish amusement.
When everyone turned away—after making a show of rolling their eyes at the inexperienced idiot in the corner—she turned back to Sean in a brusque manner. “Focus, please, Sean. This is my first presentation to a real client and I want to do well.”
He did sober then, finally. “I’m sorry. Yes, please continue.”
Another sigh followed by a wince and a guilty look at Sean, and she got back on course.
 “I did change the colors, yes. The art people’s stuff clashed with mine, as you saw, so I changed it to something that would add contrast, but still worked within their color schemes.”
She moved to the first topic slide, but before she could explain her desired approach he asked, “Who helped you with this?”
“--what?”
He took a step away from her and that business look of his was back. “Did you make that decision on your own? About the colors, I mean?” His voice was quieter. It rumbled deep in his chest.
“Yes? Why? I thought you showed me the art stuff so I could mesh the two…?”
“Yes, of course,” his eyes bored into hers unwaveringly. “I’m just not used to your department thinking about the overall presentation. Usually they’re more concerned with the numbers and less concerned with the appearance.” He paused as dawning struck, “That’s why you asked if James had seen it when I showed you the art mock-ups.”
“Um, yeah?” She sounded like a valley girl. “I mean…yes. I thought someone would’ve told me the color scheme before I did all the work. It’s the same presentation so it should look similar. Right?” She could feel her face flush in uncertainty. She also wondered if anyone had noticed the large “Student Driver” sign around her neck.
“Yes, exactly,” Sean looked back at the computer. 
Krista had worked on Sean’s notes without hesitation or problem, which would have irked Mr. Montgomery had he known. Sales often gave critique to Research, but Research wasn’t obligated to follow it unless it came from John or higher. Sean just sidestepped that need since Krista had already agreed.
The problem hadn’t been with Sean’s notes, though; the problem was with her presentation versus that of art. Art people could do art … obviously. And while Krista could make a numerical presentation look nice with graphs and pictures, she was hard pressed to come up with a matching cohesive color scheme to match some else’s. That was what Ben was for. 
She had asked Ben, very nicely, to help her put it all together. Even though her being extra nice made him nervous, he had looked through it once, played around for ten minutes, and turned the computer back to her with exactly what she was going for. Then, because he wasn’t satisfied with the job he had done, regardless of Krista’s heartfelt praise, he had her explain the art side and what she was going for numerically, and went at it again. 
He’d hunched over the computer for another fifteen minutes, a look of concentration on his face, before he showed her a finished project just shy of miraculous. It was easily better than what she remembered of the art stuff. The colors weren’t the same, but were cohesive because they contrasted perfectly. 
Ben explained something about a color wheel or palette or something, but it was Greek to Krista. All she knew was that the slides had a distinct “pop” that pleased the eye and also highlighted her graphs and bullet points. Sean apparently thought so, too, since he was devouring the first slide with a critical eye.
While Sean was distracted, Krista jumped quickly into an explanation of the slides. It turned out she had practiced enough to get through it in front of Sean without a hitch. He asked a couple of insightful questions, but mostly let her explain the ins and outs of what she’d previously devised.  When she was finished she backed away from him—he’d moved too close again and it was causing a weird humming in her body—and waited for any questions.
“Okay,” he looked up at her. His eye contact lingered a little too long before he said, “I have what I need. Thanks.”
Sean walked away with his head bowed over his notes, thoughtfully tapping the side of his notepad. He paused in front of the other salesman, then straightened up, his voice a low murmur. That was about the time Mr. Sleazy-O looked up and caught her eye. With a pronounced grimace, she tore her eyes away, now intently focused on her fingernail. She was careful to keep her butt pointed at the wall.
 “Okay, everyone.” 
The tone change dragged Krista’s eyes upwards.
The transformation nearly took Krista’s breath away. Sean stood in the middle of the room, straight and broad, owning his body and the space around it. He seemed taller, somehow; superior. He was radiating authority as he moved, drawing eyes to him as though they were attached to a fishing lure and being reeled in. 
With the last swing of his shoulders, he planted his feet in a power position and faced his staff. Without being able to help it, unable to ignore the swelling of her groin and the desperation to be touched, Krista’s eyes raked down his body. Wanting him inside her. Wanting to surrender to him so badly she broke out in a sweat.
It was at that moment Sean’s eyes swiveled to her, taking in the last of his troops before giving direction. When his eyes connected with hers, he hesitated for a brief second, his eyes widening ever so slightly. He couldn’t pause long, though, with all eyes on him. 
“Let’s all gather near Krista,” he said waveringly, his voice wistful, lacking the control his body showed. His brow knit in confusion for a brief second before he tore his eyes away from hers. 
“On that desk,” his voice got stronger, calmly commanding.  “Please have everything organized and squared away. I’ll bring them in. Yes?” 
Seeing that they would all comply, Sean and the other salesman left to receive the clients.
Krista made herself small, huddled against the wall, as the three other team members headed her way. The first to reach her was a middle-aged woman with long, graying hair. She had large, red glasses and a frumpy brown suit. Krista couldn’t help but stare at her shoes, which were those plain, glossy black tennis shoes that nurses wore. Why she thought those shoes, worn with a suit, still classified her outfit as business attire Krista did not know, but this woman did not seem to care about it in the slightest. She swung four loose poster boards, covered in font and graphics, onto the desk.
Next came her sister-at-arms, the other marketing person. She was also middle-aged, also had a frumpy suit, but was at least wearing something resembling proper shoes. They were open-toed, though. Through the hole poked out a large, unpainted, yellowing toenail. Krista shuddered, looking up immediately.
Finally came a well-groomed guy in a feminine suit. He was possibly in his late thirties, but he was Filipino, so he could have been 100 for all his perfect skin would show it. He had a laptop so Krista figured he would demonstrate the art mock-ups she had seen in Sean’s office.
And there they were, a rag-tag team of four, each completely different from the other, except for the Ronald McDonald sisters. The only thing that made them better than Research was that they didn’t stink.
 “He is so cute, isn’t he?” The man was saying, turning on his computer.
“Yes!” the lady with giant red glasses said. Her glasses actually matched the suit of the other frumpy marketing person. “All the girls rave about him! He is a little too young for me, though. He could be my son!” She laughed in a high-pitched twitter that crawled under Krista’s skin and laid eggs.
“I heard he was dating a girl from Development. Apparently he is a wonder in the sack,” the man said conspiratorially. 
“Oh, Roger, stop it!” said Glasses.
“I heard the same thing.” This from Red Suit. She fanned herself with an open mouth, apparently trying to feign some sort of sexy pose with her hip stuck out and her chest popped up. It was gross. 
Normally Krista wouldn’t be so detail-orientated in her judgments, but this was a presentation. Could they not pull out, or buy, a better suit? Did the guy, whose suit was professional, even though it was made for women, need to wear bright pink loafers? Where did he even find bright pink loafers? 
It occurred to her that Dell must have taken all the best, most experienced employees, leaving the rag-tag team for this account. She wondered again why Sean was mixed up in it. He would’ve been better hitting heavy with the big boys. Surely they wanted their best salesman to close the deal with a big account?
The gossip was interrupted by loud guffaws. Sean was leading in the clients. 
They were all white, middle-aged men with big stomachs and balding heads. Sean led them, still laughing, to seats around the oblong table. They sat and stowed their briefcases before they looked up and glanced at the crew in the corner. Krista got another flutter of nervousness. 
Oh God, I should have peed before I came up here.
The two marketing ladies and the guy seemed bored with the proceedings. They barely looked at the clients. Instead, they murmured to each other and fiddled with their props. But then, they didn’t have to use el bano. Nervous pee was seriously the worst. Besides peeing one’s pants, obviously.
From a seat at the end of the table, Sean started talking about a new approach he was working on that would reach a younger audience. Words didn’t matter. Sean was spellbinding. His charisma lit up the room, drawing all eyes to him as he outlined the company’s plan. The clients were focused, nodding, agreeing with him on all points. 
When he was done dazzling his audience, Sean introduced the first creative person, who was to lead off the campaign. As Glasses made her slow way to the presentation area, Sean jumped up to help her with her images, talking with the clients about a new spin on graphics. The other salesman sat down one seat away from a client sporting a fantastic comb-over, letting Sean work his magic. He certainly didn’t need any help.
Judging by the graphics, which looked out of date but not hip and vintage, Krista thought Sean was blowing smoke about a new spin. She hoped the clients didn’t share that view.
Glasses faced the clients with a vague look in her eyes, and began talking in a medium-paced monotone. Her voice barely rose and fell with beginnings and endings of sentences. She might’ve been making a point, or beginning a new idea—no one knew, because she was so droning and boring that it was painful to actually listen to her words.
Sean stepped in immediately, adding dramatic pauses and a dynamic to the delivery based on when he emphasized her information. He was the glitter to her club scene. The cross to her savior. He was the only reason the clients weren’t already leaving.
The hilarious part was that Glasses was missing all of this. She stood with the same pose, droning on, seemingly unaware of her surroundings. She was perfectly still except for her mouth. Worse, she wasn’t even looking vaguely at the clients anymore, she was honest-to-God staring out the window, probably wishing she were somewhere else. It was like she was a film; whenever Sean wanted to interrupt, he pushed pause. Then, when he hit play again, she seamlessly continued as though no time had gone by. It was spectacular only because it was so weird. Forget her dress code choices; she was so far removed from professional Krista wasn’t sure how she still had a job.
After an eternity, Glasses stopped talking. She gave Sean a brief glance, then turned to grab her stuff. That was it. All done.
Krista stifled a giggle. So. Weird. How did Sean deal with these people on a regular basis? 
Next up was Red Suit. Sean carried her boards and got a grin and thank you for doing so. She stood in front of the clients, got introduced by Sean just as Glasses had, and started up the engines. Red Suit—Krista liked that name better than Betty—at least looked at the clients when she spoke. She wasn’t much better in her delivery, but she smiled a couple times and shifted every once in a while. Sean still had to help. He still had to dance around her words and brief pauses, basically giving the presentation for her. 
If Krista were the client, she would definitely think this was rinky-dink. She’d say no just because they didn’t have it together. But these guys were apparently still listening, not bothering to look at Red Suit, just waiting for Sean to tell them what they needed to know.
Too soon it was over. Which meant…her turn.
As Sean carried the boards back, he glanced at her in anticipation, expecting her to head up front. Since she only had her laptop, and didn’t need help carrying that, she excused herself around Pink Shoes and headed to the podium where she quickly plugged in her computer and made sure everything was displayed properly on the large screen behind her. 
Show time!
Krista exhaled all the wind out of her body with a half-controlled release of tension. With the small plastic remote in a white-knuckled grip, she turned to the clients with a smile. 
Sean was off to the side, lazily leaning back against a cabinet with his legs crossed and arms in a pose of relaxation. He went from participant to audience. As his gaze slid over her body, she felt like she should have a pole instead of a laptop. It was disgusting and discontenting at the same time. 
Trying not to be daunted, she lifted her chin as she met his eyes, silently asking if he was going to introduce her. He looked back with a closed-off expression that spoke volumes. She was on her own.
So be it. 
Turning to the panel, ignoring the rising panic of stage fright, she brought up her first slide with a click of the remote. “Hello, my name is Krista Marshall, and I’ll be walking you through some numbers and research that support our ideas for this campaign.”
Besides the guy with his greasy, black comb-over, there were two other guys. One was average looking with brown, fluffy hair and stubble on his chin, and the other was older with salt-and-pepper hair and a suit jacket that didn’t quite fit.
Fat man in a little coat…
Krista smiled animatedly to hide the anger and borderline humiliation at the looks from Sean and the other creepy sales guy, who was taking this opportunity to molest her with his eyes. 
Luckily, instead of acting like the two guys who were supposed to be on the same team as Krista, the clients all wore respectful expressions, each looking her in the eyes. Slightly relieved, she breathed out a smile-encrusted sigh and let her mannerisms relax as she started her lecture on numbers, figures, and all things boring in the marketing world.
Throughout the slides she paid each man equal attention, choosing her own pace to match their interest level. She rarely had to speed up, because their attention never wavered. They were focused and interested, nodding politely with each point she made and returning her smile when she gave one. Well, two of them did. The third was straight-faced, but still maintaining focus. He looked back and forth between her and the slides, occasionally writing something down. 
At the end of her lecture she paused and asked for questions. The man who hadn’t smiled, Mr. Comb-over, asked, “I noticed all your figures rotate around a demographic slightly older. Do you have anything that hits a little closer to what we’re going for?”
Good question.
She had no idea.
She looked at Sean, expecting him to jump in. On average, her company didn’t go after a younger crowd. From what she’d seen while looking through historical information in their giant database, the company didn’t have as much experience marketing to that demographic. Based on the fact that this younger crowd was Sean’s idea, and because he didn’t tell her anything about it, she had absolutely no idea how he hoped to succeed. 
And apparently he wasn’t planning on enlightening her or the clients, because he stood there, staring at her. No change in posture except for being slightly more rigid. Not very helpful.
Fine, if he wants me to do his job, he can eat the repercussions.
She put on a confident expression that she had perfected in college in order to hide the complete bullshit she spewed at a professor, and lied. “To date, with this type of product, we’ve been working mostly in the twenty-five to thirty-five demographic.” She used a cool, level voice. She was desperately trying to hide the crippling lack of knowledge. “Now, however, that market has changed, and we’ll be using our cutting edge approach to graphics, advertising niches, and already established connections in the sports world to aim lower. Aim for a younger crowd. We already do this with a number of our other products, so it is just a matter of tweaking our system, integrating your product, revamping the look, and inundating all those impressionable young minds with our message.” She smiled brightly as she said the last few words, aiming for humor to cover the tide of rabble that fell in clumps out of her mouth.
 The man nodded once and looked toward Sean. The other two men were still gazing at her. So was Creep-O salesman. She was starting to feel a little self-conscious about the whole situation.  
“Great,” Sean said, pushing away from the wall. The other sales guy stood up and conferred with Sean for a second before Sean sprang into action, no longer sparing her a glance. 
Krista figured her time was up, and that she should exit the podium, when Sean introduced the art guy. With a ragged sigh, she grabbed her computer and headed toward the table where the rest of her team waited. Before she made it, she was intercepted by Creep-O. Confusedly, she let him usher her out of the room, making sure he didn’t touch any part of her person. 
Once outside, the guy said, “Great work Kristie. Really good stuff. You’re excused.” He turned to go back inside.
Kristie? “But… what if they have questions?” 
He closed the door again. “We’ll handle it. You’ve done enough. Thanks.”
And just like that he briskly walked back into the conference room, leaving her standing in the hallway alone, clutching her computer. She was the geek who was laughed out of the cafeteria by the cool kids. First the loser that has to sit on her own, now the unwanted geek. 
The bitch of it was, she was a cool kid in school, and was always nice to the geeks. She did not deserve this karma. 
With teary eyes she slowly walked back to her desk, everything she did and said tumbling through her mind. She came to one conclusion:  She should have waited for Sean to answer that question. Obviously she messed up there. She’d done her presentation for the clients exactly how she’d gone over it with Sean. If there were any problems, he would have pointed it out then. It had to be that question. That was the only missing link!
And what was with the sexual overtones? What was with staring her down like she was supposed to take off her clothes and dance around for dollar bills? That wasn’t professional, it wasn’t cool, and it made her so angry and frustrated she wanted to find where he lived and set fire to his bushes. She hadn’t deserved that. No one deserved that. This wasn’t 1940. There were rules against that behavior in the workforce!
Krista’s anger, once ignited, now fumed. If Sean hadn’t been daydreaming about the best way to get her into bed, maybe he would have done his job and answered that question so she didn’t have to make something up. Maybe this was exactly how he got ahead. He made sure everything was ready and foolproof then waited for the right moment to let an up-and-comer hang themselves.
Krista’s resolve crackled. She did not quit. Not for her own mistakes, and certainly not those of others. She wouldn’t go down without a fight for this. If her boss talked to her about it, she would tell him exactly how it all played out. It wasn’t her fault she had to step in and do Sales’ job! And she knew that Mr. Montgomery, despite his faults, would have her back on this one!
If only she could pin sexual harassment on them, too. She’d have to think about that. Assholes!
The remainder of the day was a blur. The rest of her department was working on the thing for Dell, so they weren’t around, and she didn’t hear a peep from her so-called team about the presentation. All she did, then, was stew. Stew, and plot revenge.

When 5:00 rolled around Krista was seething. She shut down her computer and headed out with a scowl. 
She walked the three blocks to the pub where she would meet the girls for Friday happy hour. She’d been there before a few times, and every time Kate had gotten there first she chose to sit in the miniature booths. Usually Krista would sit there until Jasmine came in, then they would all move to the bar. This time, however, Krista went straight to the bar.
“I’m over here,” Kate called from behind her.
“I know that. I saw you. But we are going to end up at the bar anyway, so I’m heading there now.”
“Wow,” Kate said as she changed locations. “You’re in a mood.”
 “My day sucked!” Without further ado, Krista launched into an account of the specifics, starting when she got to the conference room, ending with why she thought it had to be that last question. Kate listened without saying a word until she had finished, then finished her beer and looked for the bartender.
“Well?” Krista prompted. Sometimes Kate had A.D.D.
“Are you sure it wasn’t something in the presentation itself?”
“Like what?”
“Fuck, I dunno. Are you sure you didn’t miss a slide or say some numbers wrong?”
“Even if I did, no one noticed, so it couldn’t have been a deal breaker.”
“And you’re sure you answered that question how you told me you answered it?”
“Not verbatim, but something like that. I know as much now as I did then, so the content is the same.”
“Well, I think that answer was fine, so I can’t see how that was it.”
“What else could it be?”
“This was that Sean guy?”
“Yeah.”
“Does he still want you?”
“He wants all women. He doesn’t want me any more than any other piece of ass in the company. Maybe less, actually. What does that have to do with it?”
“Maybe he’s pissed because you won’t fuck’im, and this is how he’s taking it out on you.”
A cold shiver went down Krista’s spine. He hadn’t actually asked her out, but he definitely wanted the poo-nanny. He wasn’t shy about that fact. 
“Hmmm,” Kate said over Krista’s mental panic. “If it’s not that, I’ll be buggered, I have no idea.”
“I really did want that promotion, though.” Krista was promised a promotion and a raise if her first presentation went well. It was apparently how it was done in Research for new people. The promotion was a minor title change, and the raise was like half a percent or something stupid, but it was a much-needed start.
“Where the hell is Jasmine?” Kate asked, easily distracted on a Friday.
Kate got out her phone to text her as Krista ordered a beer for both of them.
Half an hour later Jasmine finally showed up, again looking like a painter. It seemed like these days she was doing more painting than numbers—it wasn’t her choice, and it wasn’t sitting all that well. She had started half-heartedly looking for another job.
At Kate’s behest, Krista retold the story to Jasmine, who listened intently, asking questions throughout, until the end. She then asked questions much like those Kate had asked. Krista gave the same answers.
“Then I just don’t know, you know? You’ll just have to ask,” Jasmine surmised.
“You think I should ask?” Krista directed the question to Kate. Jasmine tended to be the most truthful person on the face of the planet. If you asked her something, she would generally give you an honest answer. Often times it was a breath of fresh air because you really knew where you stood with her. Sometimes it was a curse because it turned out you really didn’t want the answer you were given.
Kate looked at Jasmine in thought. “I think you have to. If it turns out you totally fucked up…well, at least you’ll know for next time. If that bastard doesn’t have a good reason for you falling on your face—well, I don’t know. We’ll have to plan that next step when we get there.”
“But what I am supposed to say?” Krista whined. “Hey Sean, how’s it going? Say, why did you kick me out of the meeting?”
“Yes, that is exactly what you say.” Jasmine nodded.
“No way, I’ll sound stupid.”
“Why would you sound stupid? Did he tell you beforehand he was going to have you leave after your thing?” Jasmine asked logically.
“No…”
 “And did he give you any sort of explanation, anything at all, as he was doing it?”
“The Creep-O salesman did it.”
“Then why is it stupid to ask?”
“I don’t know,” Krista said petulantly, looking at her beer. “Because I don’t want to.”
“Well, then…”
The girls went back and forth on that idea for another couple minutes before Krista was resigned that come Monday, she was going to confront the problem. 
She now had the whole weekend to fret about Monday. 




Chapter Six

Sean sat at his desk, reviewing some numbers for Dell. He wasn’t actually on the account, but John wanted him up to date in case they were having a hard time pulling it off. It put extra work on Sean’s desk, but he wanted his name on all the big accounts, so he agreed to it without a struggle.
At five past five John came barreling in, his suit jacket long gone and looking harried. “Why didn’t you call when you got back to your desk?”
Sean put down the spreadsheets and leaned back in his chair. John was the most extreme micro-manager Sean had ever worked for. It was almost laughable, and also intensely annoying. 
“I knew you’d come down about now anyway. I figured I’d just wait.”
“I like to know things as they happen. I need to be in the loop. You know that.”
“You just got out of Dell.”
John grunted. He was deciding if it was worth the fight. Finally he did a quick pace and switched to the next plan of attack. “How’d it go?”
“We’re in. I could have sold it by myself.”
John did an air pump then smoothed his greased back hair. “Good! Good. We’re in! That’s great news. What was the final number?”
“We are fifteen percent over what we hoped to get.”
“Fifteen percent, huh? Wait—over?”
“Exactly. With just me sitting in a room, I could have sold it for our original price. That Research girl came in, though, and threw them numbers and figures and spreadsheets—she had them eating out of her hand. There was no negotiation.”
“No shit, huh? Krista, you mean? The hot little blond?”
“Yes.” Sean didn’t like the look in John’s eye when he talked about Krista. John was exactly the man Krista thought Sean was. He was sleazy and nasty and talked about women like they were animals. He disgusted Sean at every juncture, but he also thought Sean was the same caliber. He thought they were bosom buddies—the “hit it and quit it” type of guys who would never settle down. They’d live life free and go down on a motorcycle somewhere in Tucson, or some other stupid cliché John saw in a movie. Sean sold the image because…well, he needed John on his side to get that Junior VP title. He sold it, but he didn’t like to hear it.
“You’re sure they’ll be bought out?” Sean asked, easily changing direction. It wasn’t hard—John had the attention span of a moth.
“Oh, yeah. They’re starting now. You need to get in position to jump in. We’ve gotta get your team assembled. Who’ve you got in mind?”
“Ray, Judy, Marcus and Krista.”
“Just three staffers and a Sales?” 
“That’s all we need so far. I have faith that those four will get the job done to get us in position. After that, we’ll see.”
John grabbed a chair, pulled it two feet to the left so he was sitting directly in front of Sean on the other side of the desk, and sat down in a whoosh. “Judy is a yes. We’ll pull her off Dell. She’s exactly the experience level you need.”
Sean nodded. 
“Marcus, though… He has one bad idea for every good idea. No, I’m not buyin’ it—what about Rachelle?”
Sean shook his head and leaned back. Negotiations had begun. Sean would get his way, though. Of that he had no doubt.
“Rachelle is obsessed with me. I can’t have that distraction with a team member. Marcus has one mediocre idea for every five brilliant ideas. We just can’t find a way to get numbers on those ideas—yet. But he’s gold. He’s what I need.”
“A brilliant idea unexplored might as well be a bad idea. What about Tommy?”
Sean shook his head again. “Tommy is great with color and design, but we have Judy for that, who is better. We need an idea man. We need someone who gives us something unique. Our big fish will want something no one else can give them. That’s the only way they’ll look at someone as small as us.”
“Okay, but Marcus will need someone in Research to get info on those unique ideas. And Krista is a definite no. She’s hot, don’t get me wrong. Sexy as all hell. I’ve been trying to figure out where she hangs out so I can meet up with her, but she is brand new. She has absolutely no experience. None with our company, and none from anywhere else. She’s small potatoes. Plus, she’s a chick that likes dick—you’d have the same problem as Rachelle.”
Sean steepled his fingers, ignoring the language. “She is good at what she does. Based on today, I’d even say great at what she does. She’s smarter than the rest of her department, a harder worker, more insightful, and she can charm any client, man or woman. You should have seen how those men watched her; she had them hypnotized.”
“You’ve never met Tory, but let me assure you, he won’t be transfixed by a nymph, no matter how pretty, and he won’t go starry-eyed, no matter how sexy. Plus, she won’t work all that hard when you get tired of screwing her.”
Sean shifted position. “She won’t let me anywhere near her. I throw her a line, she runs the other direction. I guarantee she won’t let her job suffer because of a man. Much as it pains me to say.”
John leaned back with a sly grin. “So, you can’t get in her pants, huh? She’s too hot for you—that’s obvious—but you have a way. I thought if anyone could close the deal, you could. But she’s outta your reach, huh? How’s that taste?”
Not great. She was out of his reach. Out of his reach and out of his league, but for all that, he was a man. Men didn’t give up, their egos wouldn’t allow it. He should know, he was all kinds of proof. Plus, he still made her nervous. In a good way, though she didn’t agree. She liked him. Or at least was affected by him. One day she’d let her guard slip and give him a chance. He just had to keep close to make sure that happened.
To John though, he still had to play the game. “No one is out of my league.”
John laughed and stood up. “Well, bring Marcus on, but have someone pulling back up just in case his ideas don’t pan out. Make sure someone can step in immediately, if needed.”
“Not many people are going to want to do the extra work.”
“To work with you they will. I’m sure you already have someone in mind.”
“Two people. I’ll just have to smile a little more.”
“Then do it.”
“But I want Krista.”
“So do I. Under me butt-assed naked. But this is work and we need someone who knows the job.”
“Look, I’ll tell ya what …” Sean was about to gamble. He hated gambling. It was too unpredictable. He liked to be sure of the outcome before he put his neck out. It was why he hadn’t asked Krista out yet. He didn’t like when people said no. “I pissed her off today. She’s going to take it all kinds of wrong—“
“What’d you do?” John sat down again, his grin back. The guy couldn’t sit still.
Sean shrugged. “There’s a list, actually. All in the best interest of the presentation, but I doubt she’ll see it that way. Anyway, because I know she cares about her work, and her job, and how she is received, I bet you she’ll be in here Monday to bitch me out.”
“The way I hear it, when she gets in a foul mood she bitches everyone out.”
Sean laughed. It was true. He’d witnessed it a couple times when she’d had a bad date, or James Montgomery was being particularly stodgy. In the early morning she let her bad moods get away from her. Sean loved watching the fireworks. She could make the old ladies scurry out with a look. 
“True, but she does it in the break room. I bet she’ll seek me out to yell at me.”
“What if she catches you in the break room?”
“She’ll probably try, so I’ll come straight here.”
John looked at Sean for a while, weighing. Unlike Sean, John lived to gamble. He was in high-roller status in three different casinos in Las Vegas. You had to know your mark.
Finally John jumped up with a nod. “Fine. But she has to come down, to this office, in person, before 12 o’clock. She does that, to bitch you out, mind, not to flirt, and you can have her. But…” John raised his finger in warning, “If she does a shitty job, for any reason, she’s out. She’s off the team and I’ll find someone else to take her place.”
Sean stood and shook John’s hand. “Deal. I’ll enjoy proving you wrong.”
“Yeah, right,” John said, leaving the office.
Sean hoped he knew Krista as well as he thought he did. He didn’t want to hire in, and he sure didn’t want to use someone else from Research.

~*~*~*~

The high-pitched wail of her alarm clock seeped through the fog of her dreams. She came slowly awake, her head feeling thick and sluggish. She opened her eyes miserably, hating that morning had come so early. Also hating what the day would bring. She knew she’d have to confront Sean in a few hours. She’d known it all weekend. She had an ulcer from worrying about it. She’d also had too much wine last night, fretting about it.
As if the day wasn’t going to be hard enough, now she would have to face it hung over. She was an idiot.
She closed her eyes again, desperately wishing away the headache that was pounding on the inside of her too-tight skull. She needed Tylenol. And water. And to call in sick.
Sighing loudly, she lugged herself up. It was going to be a long, long day.
Unless she got fired. Then it would be a long, long week.
She had a slow morning of misery getting ready. She didn’t put much flair into her appearance even though she probably should have. She just couldn’t care that much—she hurt too badly. The wine residue was holding her prisoner. 
On the large, old, shabby train headed to work, the announcer informed everyone that the doors were on the fritz. The Muni was at a full stop, on the tracks, and they were advised that they could either wait for a Muni crew to fix it, or disembark and catch another train. The crew in this establishment was neither fast nor competent, so like most of the other disgruntled morning commuters, Krista lumbered off, half thinking she might throw up, and sought out another ride to work. 
The day was sublime with soft sunshine, a cool ocean breeze that tickled her face, and a lovely hint of spring. It was too bad the sunshine made her head pound, because she would’ve really liked to enjoy the brisk morning.
The pack of commuters trudged into the West Portal station where they would wait in a tightly packed horde for another train to come. They stood in a big glob, occasionally being jostled as people vied for better positioning. As the next train pulled up, people started to crowd in. That was when the foul play started.
As Krista stood, feeling miserable, waiting patiently for the hopefully working doors to open, some old Asian man, probably half her height, came barreling through, pushing her to the side and throwing her an elbow to keep her there. Once he had the advantage, he stepped in front of her. She didn’t have time to be indignant. He saw another opening and pounced, knocking a man as he’d done Krista. The man didn’t move nearly as far, but the old dude didn’t need a big opening. He stepped in front of yet another waiting patron, working his way to the very front.
Krista didn’t have the energy to be put out about it.
Then the doors opened. She’d thought waiting in a tightly packed group of people, with all the different scents and odors, was bad. As it turned out, it was heaven compared to the press she went into as everyone waiting started to squeeze through the door. Arms, elbows, briefcases and bags surged through the narrow passageway into any opening a body could fit. Krista felt like she was a napkin in a washing machine.
What was worse than a hangover? A hangover in a stuffy, enclosed space with a crowd of people. Krista spent the entire ride doing her best not to throw up on the business man she was facing. He was taller, so at least she would have gotten his chest instead of his face, but it definitely would have ruined his day, not to mention his expensive-looking suit. 
She hoped he couldn’t smell the wine from the night before.
Miraculously, she walked into work on time. It was a good thing, because there was no way she was hurrying today. No running. She wouldn’t even bother with a brisk walk. Basically, a zombie-lurch was as much as she could do without kneeling over and giving up on life in the middle of the sidewalk. 
She dumped her crap next to her chair and headed toward the break room for coffee. She didn’t give a damn about seeing Sean today. She had to eventually anyway, so why not when she was in the worst mood to date? 
There were two people present when Krista made the entrance into the break room. They looked up when she walked in, which meant they were probably gossiping. When they didn’t continue talking, it probably meant they were gossiping about her. She didn’t care.
She stopped behind the one with tight curls on the top of her head in an ugly hair thing.
 “Nice clip,” she said, being nasty but hiding it behind the compliment. Basically, that was her kicking the dog.
The woman—she was from Client Retention—gave her a weird look and shuffled out of her way with her cup half full. The two ladies left shortly after. Krista didn’t care.
She got her java and skulked back to her cube with a raging headache. She had no phone messages and no emails, so if she was getting fired, the meeting wasn’t scheduled yet. Mr. Montgomery wasn’t in yet, either—she did a drive by and a quick glance—so she couldn’t enact the scowl-meter. She was flying blind. And in pain.

~*~*~*~

Sean sat at his desk facing Ray. She had till twelve. God he hoped he’d been right. He needed her. Their personal history aside, she had the potential to be a rock star. The presentation she put together was top quality material. The delivery was even better. And that was her first one! She was executive material. Undiscovered executive material. He could mold her like play dough. Marcus, too. They were both gifted and bright—if they could do what Sean suspected, they’d get the account and take it to market, no question.
“The woman you are expecting is the one you’ve been speaking of?” Ray asked in a mild voice.
Ray was a good friend. A longtime friend. He was the guy who had gotten Sean into sales. He was the one who looked at Sean like Sean was looking at Marcus and Krista. Sean was a rock star with Ray at his back, which was why he insisted to John that if he got the account, he needed Ray to lock it down.
It just so happened there was an opening for Sales anyway. Perfect timing.
“Yes. Now I wish I hadn’t. You’ll be surprised. I doubt she’s what you’ve envisioned.”
“She has to be special to catch your eye.”
“Catch it and hold it. That’s not why I want her on this team, though.”
“You’ve said.”
“I just want to make that clear. And try not to speak of her to others. She isn’t well liked by the women of this company.”
“I thought you said she was sweet.”
“She is, but she’s also beautiful, if a bit nerdy. I’ve not met one woman that wasn’t jealous. Plus, she’s in Research. She never had a chance.”
“Research is…not well liked?”
Sean smiled. “Indescribable. You have to experience it firsthand. I don’t want to ruin the surprise. I’ll take you to meet the department head after we talk to Krista.”
“And you’re sure she’ll come?”
Sean sighed and fidgeted. “No, I’m not. I’m not sure. And if she does, I’m not sure she’ll do it by twelve o’clock.”
“What happens if she doesn’t?”
“We’re sunk, probably. I am banking on Krista being able to work with Marcus. I have a feeling about it. She’s insightful. If anyone can crack his code, she will. She’ll find a way. She’ll sit and stew over it until she comes up with something. She hates failing worse than me, I think. If we don’t get her, and Marcus gets a run-of-the-mill researcher… he’ll be useless. It’ll all fall apart.”
“So we better hope she shows in time.”
“Yes.”

~*~*~*~

“Well, I have to do it sometime—might as well do it now,” Krista said to her Lucky Mug. “Even though I don’t wanna.”
Mustering her resolve, she gathered up her notebook and pen, and headed toward Sean’s office. If she had to go to Mr. Montgomery with her grievances, she needed to know how to thoroughly dissect Sean’s arguments to better her side of things. She knew how to debate. Hopefully better than Sean. 
En route she worked on an image of health. She didn’t want to look as ragged as she felt. It wasn’t easy. She felt like the smell of puke. Not the look of it, not the actual stuff, but the smell of it. That was as bad as it got. That stuff lingers!
On the right floor, she walked to the office and angled herself in such a way that she could look through the window. Maybe he wouldn’t be there. Maybe he’d gotten hit by a car over the weekend was on bed rest.
His shades were drawn. 
Merde! Still flying blind. Still in pain.
She slowly walked closer to the open door. She had a death grip on her Lucky Mug, hoping it would act as a shield to ward off evil spirits. As she neared, she heard subdued male voices. 
With a flash of genius, she gingerly stuck her head in the doorway with her hand poised to knock. This way, she could eavesdrop for a second before actually going through with announcing herself. If foul winds blew, she would abandon ship immediately. If she was caught, she would glance to her hand as if to say, “Oh, hello, I was just about to knock.”
Before she could get her eavesdropping plan into action, however, Sean glanced up from his perch on the edge of his desk, and caught her. She nearly yelled, “AH!” like when you’re about to sneak up on someone and they turned around at the last second and caught you in the act. 
Here she was, in the snake pit. It was scary. She couldn’t bring herself to actually cross the threshold into worse things. It was against nature.
She noticed that Sean didn’t look surprised to see her. As his eyes lit on her face, she saw a flicker of recognition before he turned back to his conversation and waved her in. It didn’t bode well.
 “Krista. Come in. Please,” Sean said smoothly. 
She inched into the office, suddenly deciding she didn’t want to confront him. She wanted to hide. But she realized at the same time that it was too late for those types of decisions.
She made her way in and saw that he was talking to a man she didn’t recognize. The man was in his early forties, slightly overweight, and had a mellow and gentle face. He was not especially attractive, his ring said married, and he was dressed in a suit that probably came from yesteryear. In essence, he was Sean’s exact opposite.
“Sit, please, Krista,” Sean said again as he opened his body to include her and the stranger both. “I had hoped to talk with you.”
Krista knew in a theoretical sort of way that she needed to assert herself. She’d read that somewhere—the person in control was the one who set the tone. This was her grievance, so she needed to set the bar.
“Great, Sean. I actually wanted to have a word with you, also,” she said brusquely, swallowing back her up-chuck reflex. 
Butterflies and wine did not mix. World’s worst combo. 
Sean quirked an eyebrow. “Well, by all means, please.” 
Was that a smirk he was trying to hide? That wasn’t what she was going for.
“Let the records show that it is 8:01 a.m,” Sean said to the stranger. The stranger nodded.
Krista was befuddled. “Whhhaaaaiiiieeeee?”
Sean was definitely trying not to smile. “Was that a what, or a why?”
Krista shook her head. This was off to a bad start. Unfortunately, she couldn’t sprint out now. “Never mind.”
Sean nodded and got up to move around his desk. It was probably another power play, but Krista had no idea what to do to counter it. She couldn’t very well tell him not to sit in his own chair in his own office. 
She decided to ignore it. Instead, she noticed his agile body was perfectly outlined in Dockers and a button-down shirt. She was hypnotized by his butt for exactly the five seconds it was in view.
Coming out of her visual coma, she planted her feet in her own power position with death grip on her lucky mug. She was ready to battle. He would be a worthy adversary, but mama didn’t raise no chump. Hot or not, dressed like royalty or not, she would not let him bowl her over. 
Inner pep-talk completed, she looked at the stranger sitting in one of the two visitor chairs. The power struggle didn’t seem to faze him; he was looking at her good-naturedly. It was slightly unsettling.
“Oh, don’t mind Ray. He’s my partner in crime. We’re working as a team now, so everything we do will mirror each other,” Sean said this as his masculine fingers steepled in front of his face. He lounged back lazily in his cushy leather chair, elbows resting on the armrests. His eyes were a murky green from the harsh light overhead. They pinned her to her spot.
Suddenly the power struggle seemed a little one-sided… 
 “Uh…well, I had hoped to discuss the meeting on Friday. The presentation, I mean,” She said hesitantly, hoping the stranger, which must be a new hire, would get the clue and take off.
“Sure. Fire away,” Sean replied, not taking the hint. She had a feeling he knew exactly what she was getting at, and wasn’t planning on taking the bait.
So be it. Witnesses were good.
“Right. I was wondering why I was ushered out of the conference room before the meeting was done?”
“You were no longer needed.” It came out as a friendly, matter-of-fact statement.
This blasé attitude had her backpedaling. She wasn’t sure if she should be mad, or understanding. 
She chose mad. Otherwise, what was she doing there?  She’d look pretty stupid if she gave up already.
“They might have wanted to ask me more questions,” she persisted with a hint of sauce in her voice. Only a hint, though, just in case she was in the wrong.
“I didn’t want them dwelling on the fact that we didn’t have any field research in the demographic. You leaving made it easier to talk around that fact.”
Good point. Crap. Her brain worked furiously to come up with more reasons. She was looking a teensy bit foolish at the moment. “But…I was the only one who was asked to leave. Surely that looked odd.” She barely kept the question out of her voice.
“I made an excuse for you.”
She was suddenly feeling like a pawn in a game of chess. This guy might be out of her league just a little—hell, who was she fooling, a ton! 
She gritted her teeth and steeled her determination. She hardened her voice in a last-ditch effort and laid it all out there. “You see, I was under the impression that we were united as a team. We were presenting in a unified front. But I had to introduce myself. Yet I wasn’t told that would be the protocol, which made me look stupid. Then at the end I had to answer a question with a made-up answer because you didn’t step up. We were a team going in, but then you fed me to the wolves.”
“More like a pack of hyenas.”
…………..? Krista blinked a half dozen times.
Sean picked up the phone and started dialing. This was another power play tactic, she was sure of it. They were in the middle of a serious conversation, but he would render her unimportant by doing other things. In other words, she didn’t have his undivided attention. The sneaky bastard.
Whatever, she could play this game, too. In fact, a break from critical thinking was welcomed, her head was pounding. She put her lucky mug on the desk and leaned back, mirroring the guy next to her, and waited patiently for Sean to get off the phone. 
“Hyenas, not wolves.” He said into the receiver. It took her a minute to realize he was talking to her. “They weren’t smart enough to be wolves. Hello, John?”
It felt like cold water was splashed in her face. Sean was calling his boss. That couldn’t be good.
She nearly grabbed her lucky mug in panic, but that would lose the power struggle—assuming she had any power to begin with. Instead, she pretended like nothing was amiss and leaned back in her chair. For good measure, she crossed one leg over the other. 
She used the down-time to pretend her head wasn’t exploding, and that she didn’t need to throw up. She thought of the beach, then her bed. She tried her best to emulate a breezy life, cutting out this office and her overwhelming urge to bury her head in her shirt and hope it’d all just go away. Maintaining any degree of normalcy was made that much harder, though, with the guy next to her and his friendly smile. He looked worried.
“Yeah,” Sean was saying, “I have Krista in my office.” He looked up at her. His eyes sparkled burnished-green fire as they caught the light. A surge of heat erupted in her groin, scurrying the butterflies in her stomach.
Oh God, please don’t throw up!
That guy next to her eyeballed her again. Did he realize how exasperating that was? She was concentrating on not throwing up. She didn’t have time to focus on his judgments!
 “Do you have a minute?” Sean was saying, as he continued to look at her. “...Yeah, Krista from Research is--….Yeah, she came first thi--…Yeah…Great.” 
He hung up the phone and leaned back in his chair. His gaze flickered to her lucky mug, then to Ray. “Ray, would you mind getting John a chair? He won’t use it, but the pretense is always nice.”
“No problem,” Ray said as he left the office, closing the door on his way out. That was the wrong decision for air flow. Now she was in a medium-sized room with warm air and Sean’s stinky scent. Usually, she loved the smell. Today, smell of any kind was an enemy.
She gulped, but did her best to remain calm and unaffected. She grabbed her mug and took a sip. Cold coffee. That did not help her queasy stomach.
She took a deep breath and pretended she wasn’t sweating. This whole situation was going completely pear-shaped.
“In response to your question,” Sean said, still leaning back in his chair, his eyes following the progression of the mug. “I didn’t want you in the room to distract our clients. Two of them didn’t hear a word from your mouth or notice a line from your power-point presentation. The other one only caught the broad strokes.”
“Yeah, I know the information is boring,” she said, fanning herself, eyeing the trash can again, “but it was all I had to work with. Our department is the facts, not the visual stimulation.”
“Oh, you provided ample stimulation, just not in the direction that was conducive to the meeting.” He had a mouthwatering, devilish grin on his face behind his steeped fingers. His bemused eyes willed her to share the joke. Unfortunately, she didn’t think that kind of humor was funny.
At least not when he said it.
“Okay, well that may be true, through no fault of mine since I was appropriately dressed, but that one client did pay attention and asked a question that I had no business answering. You should have answered it.”
“But he asked you.”
“It wasn’t a question for me, as you well know, Jingle-Jangle. You’re a good enough salesman to know your role.”
 “Jingle--?” Sean shook his head with a smile, then got serious. That focused look was back. “Yes, I am. And do.” 
To her undying relief, he reached back and switched on the fan before he continued.  “My role is to get that sale. To get that account. Your role is to help me do that. The question was asked of you. I thought you could handle answering it without being mothered or treated like a puppet.”
“But isn’t that just what you did? Treat me like a puppet?”
Sean unexpectedly gave that uninhibited laugh she loved, the one that hinted of another guy, a carefree guy she’d like to know. Her heart started pounding again. She looked away from his sparkling green eyes as her breath ran short.
“Touché,” he said quietly, reeling her eyes back to him.
She had enough time to recognize a look of hunger, and feel a worrying surge of desire, before she was saved by Ray opening the door with a chair. John was right behind him. 
Krista didn’t bother masking the loud sigh of relief. 
John came in to perch on the desk on Krista’s side of the office, all his attention on her. Ray closed the door and took a seat, moving his chair away from her a little, and Sean leaned back. Krista was suddenly extremely nervous. John usually didn’t have this effect on her, but usually she wasn’t worried about being fired, either. 
She put her mug on the desk so her sudden onslaught of Parkinson’s didn’t upset her cold coffee.
She’d learned a thing or two about John since her eavesdropping sessions in the break room began. The topics most often talked about were his fast cars, fast women, and the ridiculous fact that he tried to pretend he was twenty. He hated when people used Mister with him. He wanted people to call him by his first name, or a nickname of some sort. He thought he was Superman. Also that he would live forever. He may, or may not, have dated someone in IT. It was hard to pinpoint because, unlike Sean, the guy was good at keeping his romantic life away from his work life. 
“Krista,” he said. “I haven’t had the opportunity to talk with James yet, so this is just a conversation based on intent.”
She decided he couldn’t very well fire her without permission. That was good news. It also meant she had a window of time before anything was set in stone in which to talk to Mr. Montgomery herself. She had insurance.
John leaned toward her a little, his eyes glued to hers. She got the impression he was trying to intimidate her.
 “Sean filled me in about the presentation on Friday. As you know, our big fish right now is Dell. But Sean’s presentation was very important. Not because of the three men that showed up. Not even because of the company they served. No. It was important because they might get bought out. The company buying is what’s important. I got wind of it from a buddy of mine who drank too much scotch at a barbecue. Now, Krista that is top secret information.”
John stopped talking and stared at her for a second, willing her to digest that tidbit. Her brain was covered with wine film so she was having a hard time focusing while looking at his muddy brown peepers. She tried super hard to look like she was still paying attention, but all she could focus on successfully was the cool air from the fan. 
“Now,” John continued, sitting back fully on the desk, making himself a little more comfortable, and trying to make her more comfortable in the process. It wasn’t working. “As I said, Sean here has filled me in on the presentation. He showed me the slides you created. He also painted a visual picture for me. I require this with any big goings-on of course. Sean filled me in on how you answered that last question…”
Krista felt her face flush. She needed to defend herself, but she was talking to the Junior VP. What was she going to say? Well, sir, I didn’t know what I was talking about, so I used some bullshit answer instead of asking for help? She could then grab a pen and sign her pink slip.
With a rush of movement, John was up from the desk and pacing around the small office.
“Incredible work!” he said in a booming voice.
The unexpected movement startled her and, embarrassingly, she jumped and looked around wildly. Ray barely stifled a laugh. 
“We haven’t had someone from your department with any real forward thinking since I’ve worked here,” John said unnecessarily loudly. “Numbers people mostly. No one we wanted in front of clients for too long, at any rate. Boring, most of them. That is also top secret information.”
John perched on the desk again, dangerously close to Krista’s lucky mug, and leaned toward her. She could see ideas flowing behind his eyes, but couldn’t focus on anything but her mug. 
“You, on the other hand, are a natural. If you weren’t so valuable to me in Research I would move you to sales immediately. You seem to really have a knack for getting the clients’ attention.
“Now,” and here John leaned back and scrutinized Sean, his butt rocking her mug. “Part of that was youth and beauty—please don’t take that the wrong way, Krista.” He turned back to her. The guy was all over the place. And her mug was paying the price. Currently it wobbled toward the edge of the desk. 
John didn’t seem to notice. 
“Those clients weren’t the most advanced or experienced, and they apparently had trouble focusing on your data with your…charisma taking precedence. But besides youth and beauty and the inability of those particular clients to focus professionally, I think we have a winner in you. Your slides fit perfectly with the theme of our presentation, your answer was right on, even though Sean assures me he didn’t coach you, and you presented the information with insight and exuberance. Most importantly, you presented the information in a way normal people can understand. That is something we’ve been having problems with when it comes to some of your fellow Research representatives…”
Krista was being blindsided. This wasn’t what she had in mind for today at all. She thought she would be struggling to get heard and clutching onto the door so they couldn’t throw her out. 
“So,” John boomed as he once again got up and paced the floor. Her mug was pushed closer to the edge of the desk. She reached for it casually, but John swiveled toward her and cut off her grab. 
“And here is what I need to talk to James about. We need you on our team. This is very hush, hush, mind you, Krista. You can’t breathe a word.” John kneeled next to her and started to talk quietly. Before she knew what she was doing, she leaned away as far as she could. “We are going after bigger fish than Dell, and that little presentation for a vastly unknown company is the doorway into a larger, much more promising portal in the great unknown.”
She had a sneaking suspicion John was drunk. The man was talking nonsense. Before she could contemplate further, he jumped up, pacing back and forth. She couldn’t tear her eyes away from the animated movement. He changed direction constantly; sitting standing, kneeling, standing again, pacing. Possibly too coordinated for booze. Drugs came to mind.
 “Sean is going to head up this exploration, and he needs a solid, round-the-clock group to help him chart foreign territories. His goal is to land us that big fish. The biggest fish. I want you on our team to do it. The problem is that you are not in our department, and not subject to my demands. This is why I need to get James on my side, which is not easy. Not easy at all. He doesn’t like change, and he doesn’t like demands. It will be tricky, but in this I must get what I want because Sean must get what he wants. Do you understand? Are you on board?”
John moved to stand directly behind her. Given the opportunity, and the silence so she could do something other than process the babble coming out of his mouth, she went for her mug. In a shock of dread, she realized her mug was no longer hugging the edge of the desk. She did a quick sweep of the ground, but saw nothing. Now wasn’t the time to dive under the desk. Not for her, anyway. Sean could, though, the dog. 
In desperation, she looked at him, and noticed he was trying to keep his face blank, but a boyish, lopsided smile made him look irresistible. Her mug was sitting in front of him, safe.
She breathed a sigh of relief as John came and sat in front of her again. She belatedly realized she hadn’t answered his question.
“Well, Krista? How about it?”
 “Uh, sure, yeah. I mean, if my boss, uh, James, says it’s okay. Whatever you guys think is best…” She stammered.
Relief briefly crossed Sean’s face as he looked up at John.
“Great!” John said as he smacked his hand on the back of her chair. She jumped again with a squeak.
“Okay, Sean,” John said as he turned toward the door. “I’ll let you finish up here. I’ll talk to you after I talk to James.”
With that John was gone from the room. Ray closed the door, then returned to his seat next to Krista, moving his chair closer again.
She noticed Sean hadn’t taken his eyes off of her. 
“So, does that answer your questions?” he asked, his eyes boring into hers.
When it came to power plays, she was a novice. “Um. I guess.”
“Great. Look, I need to go over some things with you about my style, how I sell, and what will be expected of you within that parameter. My style isn’t for everybody. I use everything I’ve got.”
The way that last part came out, he could have been talking about using slides and graphs. He wasn’t, though. He meant selling himself. Selling her. Using her for office prostitution. She didn’t graduate with honors so she could be used for tits and ass, thank you very much. 
I wanna go home.
Sean must have seen her body coil, but he didn’t try to take it back. Instead, he forged ahead, “I use image, personality, quirks—anything at my disposal. Take Ray, there.”
She looked at Ray, who she realized still hadn’t spoken throughout this whole botched disgruntled situation. He looked back, highly entertained.
“He’s not young, not single, doesn’t drive a fast car, doesn’t cheat, has kids, goes to the “Y,” has a mortgage, is stable…Ray is absurdly normal. He is what the American Dream turns you into. Hell, his kids play sports that all kids play. One’s in little league, one’s in soccer. He’s got kids covered.
“Ray is my front man for a certain client demographic. He gets to people I can’t reach. And while we are on the subject, let’s talk about me. I use my face, my body, even the way I talk to influence people. An older woman needs to feel sexy again, I am your man. A guy needs a buddy on the golf course, no problem. It is a game we play in sales. 
“John knows that game better than anyone. He talked circles around you just now. He had you so confused you forgot you should ask questions. He never let you get a moment’s pause to think. You forgot about being pissed about Friday. You forgot about your suicidal mug for a moment, although surprisingly not very long, and you forgot you hated me. You forgot you are looking for another job, and agreed to go along with his half-cocked plan.”
“I am not looking for another job,” she said in surprise. Was that the latest rumor?
Sean’s face lit up in a large smile and he looked at Ray. “See Ray, I told you she hated me.”
Oops. “I don’t—“
“It’s okay, Krista,” Ray said in a gentle voice, turning his eyes to her. They were a deep, but soft chestnut. “I would encourage most young women to hate him. But he does know his stuff.”
  She had the distinct feeling she was being played again. In fact, she knew she was. “Look, guys, I already agreed I would be on your team. If you’re under the impression I’m going to do a strip tease for clients, then you found the wrong girl. If you stare at me like a hunk of flesh in a presentation again, I’ll walk out. But if you can get me moving up the corporate ladder, I will do whatever is in my professional power to make it happen.”
“What pissed you off most about Friday?” Sean asked, not to be deterred from her obvious desire to wrap this up.
She sighed loudly. She was hesitant to answer for reasons she couldn’t explain. It probably had something to do with Sean playing her like a violin. And while she had to admit that being said violin, especially while horizontal in some place private, was appealing, she had to regain the upper hand somehow.
“Okay, let’s take a break,” Sean said into her lengthy pause as the phone started ringing. He let it ring out as he got up from his chair. “Krista, go do whatever it is you Researchers do. When John arranges everything, I’ll give you a call and we’ll go over specifics.”
Finally! 
 She stood up. Sean opened the door for her and stayed there, holding the handle as she walked out, his body mere inches from hers. 
As she passed he whispered into her ear, “And nurse that hangover.”
When she turned to him in surprise, she could feel his warm breath on her face. He smelled like coffee and spearmint with that underlying scent of musty man-smell. She pictured herself on a warm beach with the sun beating down and waves curling around her ankles. Her body wanted to lean into him and grab some of that heat. She wanted to feel if his chest was as hard as it looked. 
Her brain, however, sounded an alarm and tried to steer clear. The result was her flinching back, losing balance, and crashing against the doorframe on her way out. 
He chuckled quietly as he closed the door. 




Chapter Seven

Sean returned to his chair. “Eight-oh-one. Impressive.”
“She left her mug.” Ray pointed to the desk. “Should I go stop her?”
Sean smiled. “No. I want to keep it hostage. I want to see if she comes back for it.”
Ray was quiet for a minute. Then he said, “I don’t think those types of games will work with that young woman.”
Ray was one of the few men who could put manners back into Sean. It was why Sean kept Ray close. He constantly needed a reminder that life was more than a false bravado.
“You’re right. They don’t. But still, I’m curious.”
“You were right—she’s a very pretty young lady.”
Sean nodded. “Out of my league.”
Ray crossed his ankle over his knee. “I don’t know about out of your league, but she seems slow to trust, and you are usually…less than trustworthy with women. I think you two are at an impasse.”
Sean sighed. He knew it, but he didn’t want to hear it. “She’s in, though. She’s on the team. I just have to make sure she gives her full potential. She wasn’t as opinionated today as I thought she’d be. I didn’t think she’d give in so easily.”
“She wasn’t feeling that well.”
“Another thing—she had an important meeting today and she overdoes it last night. That doesn’t bode well.”
Ray shifted. “Sean, I think you are forgetting—that young woman has absolutely no experience in a professional setting. She feels like she was abused in the meeting on Friday. It takes real courage to confront a man on that sorta thing. Real courage. Especially a man with your … social standing. She is confronting someone she thinks sexually harassed her, if what you say is true, who also happens to be the best salesman in the company. She probably had a glass of wine to cool her nerves last night, and overdid it. She is just out of college—give her a break.”
Sean shook his head. “Well, we’ll see how it goes.”
“That’s all you can do. Now, I would like a cup of coffee, and to meet this Research department I hear so much about. I want to see what else you have to work with.”
Sean laughed and stood. “Don’t trust that I want Krista for her Research ability?”
Ray just smiled. He knew Sean too well.

~*~*~*~

The next day Krista landed in early and refreshed. Her hangover was long gone, she got up on time, and she dressed in spiffy business casual and took more time on hair and makeup than a standard business day. She was ready to hear about that job with Sean, and she didn’t want all the Sales people to think it standard that she looked half-dead. 
Another factor for dressing to impress was that she really wanted her lucky mug back. She might have to plan a seduction, and a girl had to look decent when throwing the boobs around. 
In reality, though, she hoped it would be on her desk when she got in. 
It wasn’t.
She went into the break room at Sean’s normal time, but he didn’t show. Nor did he leave it in the cabinet. She clamped down on the worry that he was holding it hostage, and also that he wanted her to go get it. By now that guy knew what that mug was to her, and likewise he knew she would be missing it.
If he was trying for the upper hand, he was barking up the wrong stripper pole. If he withheld it too long, Krista would send one of his admirers to get it. There were no shortage of those, and they would do next to anything for an excuse to flaunt their ridiculousness.
She’d choose an ugly one, too. Preferably one that talked too much. She already had three people in mind.
It was a mug-less mid-day before Mr. Montgomery walked into her cube with a sigh. 
“Krista? How are you?” He looked around her area. He always seemed surprised when he saw her. It was like he forgot he hired her until he actually saw her face. He also seemed to avoid eye contact at all costs.
“Oh, hi Mr. Montgomery,” she said, turning her chair to face him. She was still too new to ignore him like everyone else. 
“I heard you had a good presentation,” he nodded as he stared at her computer. 
“I seemed to. I gave my speech pretty flawlessly. Sean had me answer a question at the end, and then I was done. So it was a successful overall, I think.”
“Yeah, I heard. Listen, I was talking to Mr. Susan and he seemed to think you would work well on some sales team or other.”
“Mr. Susan?” 
“John Susan.”
Oh, holy God. John’s last name was Susan? It reminded her of Johnny Cash’s song, Boy Named Sue. How embarrassing! She’d want to be called John if that was her last name, too.
If her boss were cool, she would share that hilarious thought process. She looked up at Mr. Montgomery in expectation, then said, “Oh.”
“Yeah, he said something about working with that Sean on some project for the company? Did he mention that to you?”
This was dicey. Krista didn’t want Mr. Montgomery to think she was in league with the enemy, which was Sales, but she also liked the prospect of working with younger, livelier people, so she wanted to give this idea a shot. She just didn’t know how to work with John to get Mr. Montgomery to agree. 
She chose the “Sales-sucks-and-I-am-a-woman-therefore-I-have-a-small-brain” approach.
“I went to talk to Sean about the presentation because I hadn’t heard how it went--no one called me after.” She gave a sigh and rolled her eyes, playing up Mr. Montgomery’s bitterness. As hoped, he also sighed and leaned more comfortably on the wall.
“Sean said I did okay,” she continued, “then John, ah, Mr. Susan came in and said I did a good job and talked about some ideas, but he wasn’t making all that much sense. He moved around a lot, so I just kind of smiled and nodded. Maybe that was what he was talking about?”
Playing dumb was easy for a blond girl—no one thought they had a brain in the first place. Some people played the race card, others the glass ceiling issue—Krista played the idiot factor, and it worked better than any other excuse. Granted, she couldn’t use it in her favor as often, but when she could, it was the golden ticket with no raised eyebrows. 
“He does talk fast, yeah. You have to really keep up to make sense of him. I’ve been here fifteen years and I am just now getting a handle on his tactics.” Mr. Montgomery shook his head then went on. “Well, I hesitate to loan out our newest star, but Mr. Susan has made it perfectly clear that he will personally block any attempts I make to give you that promotion if I don’t give in.”
“Oh.” She didn’t have to reach far to sound deflated. “Well, I don’t really want to be a salesman. It isn’t the job I signed on for.”
“Oh I agree, yes,” he said, now looking at a framed picture of her and a friend from college. “But you would still be working for me. You would just be working on one specific project with some team Mr. Susan put together.”
“Oh. Well, that wouldn’t be so bad, then, I guess.” She sounded more hopeful, but still nonchalant. Maybe she should have been in sales. 
“Yeah. That’s what I was thinking. Yeah. Hmmm. Well, I’ll see what Mr. Susan will do for you in terms of what I already promised.”
That was one good thing about Mr. Montgomery—he always tried to get something out of the company. It didn’t matter if it was for himself or his crew, it didn’t matter if it was money or a new microwave for the break room; if there was a chance he could get the company to spend money, he would drop everything and pursue it.
He muttered something else she didn’t catch, probably “Yeah,” his favorite catch phrase, and wandered away. She just shook her head and went back to her work. It was out of her hands now.

The day after Krista had just finished a report that was supposed to take her all day, and was about to step out for a late lunch, when the phone rang from conference room B. It was true that she was a fast worker, but these deadlines were ridiculous! If they didn’t have the giant database with pre-completed reports, she might understand, but as it was, the amount of time she wasted emailing her friends and shopping online was staggering. In order to have work all day, or most of the day, anyway, she would have to work at a snail’s pace. 
She grabbed the phone, thinking about restaurant choices, and said, “Research, Krista speaking.”
“Krista.” Her mind snapped away from sandwiches and clung to the plastic earpiece pressed painfully against her head. She couldn’t help it, she loved the way Sean said her name. The nuance of it. The tone. It was like he reached through the phone and licked her ear.
She was going to get in so much trouble from Kate.
She decided not to give him the satisfaction of recognition. Plus, he was on speaker. Lord only knew who was listening in. “Yes?” 
“This is Sean.” He paused, and when she didn’t fill the space—maybe she was taking the failure to recognize a little far—he said, “McAdams.”
“Oh yes, hi.”
“You’ve been successfully assigned to my team. Could you please come up to conference room B? I would like to speak with you.”
Krista had a rush of pleasure before she could stop herself. She pushed it down fiercely.
“Oh, sure. Do I need to bring anything besides a notepad?” 
“Just your winning personality.”
Trying not to roll her eyes, she hung up. Then tried to control her elation as she made her way upstairs. She told herself, over and over, that she was excited to see her lucky mug, and that was it. As she walked in, excitement unfurling from her gut, she looked around at five faces, one being extremely gorgeous in another perfectly fitting suit that hopefully had her mug. 
She met Sean’s clear green gaze as he glanced up at her, did a once over on her body, and returned to the report he was working on. Excitement turned to uncertainty as three sets of eyes settled on her, judgment plain on their faces.
“Great,” Ray said as he stood and walked toward the front of the room. His wasn’t one of the three. “Krista, I’ll get you some water.”
“Um, thank you.” She swallowed and sat in the chair closest to the entrance. It took her half a second to realize she should’ve sat closer to everyone else. She wasn’t doing a great job of closing the gap the stigma of her department had opened.
“Krista,” Sean began, looking up and leaning back in his chair, “let me introduce you around. You know Ray, of course.” Ray gave her a nod as he handed her a glass of water—in her lucky mug! She beamed at him. He smiled back sheepishly. He obviously didn’t know what her lucky mug meant to her. It was killing her that Sean had it imprisoned. 
Ray sat down a few seats away from Sean.
Sean didn’t pause for the exchange, though the humor in his eyes said he recognized it. “This is Judy, the manager from the Art Department.” He nodded to an older woman with impeccable style and dress. She looked like she made gobs of money while still seeming homely. She seemed stable and motherly while also being cutting edge. Krista wouldn’t have thought the crisscross in image possible, but there she was.
“She has been working with the company for five years and has assisted on various accounts. Before us she worked with many large companies through her impressive employment history. She brings extensive knowledge of their wants and needs artistically. In addition, she still teaches in the field, and has her finger on the pulse of art technology.
“Next to her is Marcus.” Marcus was a strikingly handsome black guy. He looked at Krista and nodded. He was wearing jeans and a tee-shirt and promoted utter relaxation in his regard and demeanor. Krista felt relaxed just looking at him, which was hard to do because everyone was still assessing her. 
“Marcus is a whiz kid at reaching various audiences and demographics. He has worked with companies such as Apple, Coke, McDonald’s and Wal-Mart. You give him a desired pool of people, Marcus will give you a way to reach that pool easily and effectively. He is an underused star in this company... until now.”
Sean smiled at Marcus and Marcus’s eyes glittered. Krista could see his head whirling with ideas even as she looked at him. Either that, or it was the swirls of crazy. He was from art, after all.
“And last, but certainly not least, is our secret weapon.” His eyes turned intense as they peered at a cute, bubbly blond girl. She looked about Krista’s age or a little older, had bobbed, stylish hair, giant brown eyes, and was tall and slim. In short, she was a knock out. 
She looked back at him with flirtatious desire and utter confidence. She even batted her eyes! High maintenance, definitely. She would be a match for Sean, though. She was certainly the type of woman Krista imaged he’d choose.
“This is Monica Devine.” The way he said her last name, as if it were a comment rather than a name, made Krista wonder if they were doing it. He was all drippy with lust and desiring eyes and creepy sex-filled gooeyness. It was gross. If they weren’t bumping uglies yet, it wouldn’t take long. 
Krista got a pang of jealousy before she clamped down on that ridiculous emotion. Utterly absurd! He was welcome to her. And she to him. They seemed like they’d play the same game—a game Krista had absolutely no interest in playing. And it wasn’t because she was terrible at it!
 “Monica is our part-time team member—I wasn’t able to get her full time.” He actually pouted as he said it. It wasn’t cute. “She is our party planning specialist. We are going to need to sidle up to this client without our intentions known. Right now that is through an independent company that we hope will be bought out. That’ll get our foot in the door. If that fails we’ll go for plan B. But, Miss Devine will be throwing casual parties that will make communication not only possible, but easy.”
Sean smiled in a sleazy sort of way. Monica smiled back in a flirty care-free way as she turned her eyes on Krista, who was unimpressed with the whole scene. To be polite, she nodded hello as she turned her eyes back to Sean.
Sean followed Monica’s eyes…to Krista. “And this is Krista. She is fairly new with this company and comes from Marketing Research.”
There was a small groan from the group. Sean smiled. “Now, now, we need market research like a baby needs milk. Anyway, this is our team. I have high hopes for us.”
Sean turned to Ray to ask him to pass out their first assignments. Krista couldn’t help but feel like an outcast already. She got a crappy introduction, she was still getting stared at fairly constantly, she got groaned at, and she was quickly discarded as Sean moved on to other business. It didn’t look like this was a step-up. More like a step sideways.
Add that to the fact that she would have to deal with Sean more, and the attraction, and the constant desire to smile and then strip—she wasn’t sure she made the wisest decision. She could not afford to unravel. She was supposed to be growing up, getting stronger, and really coming into her own. With that clown around all the time, she would find life a constant struggle. 
She, again, wished fervently for an easy life. Was that so hard?

~*~*~*~

On the other side of the table, Sean saw Krista sullenly listening to Ray go over the information she came up with in barely contained resentment. He shouldn’t be doing it--Ray had warned him against it--but Sean needed to test her a little. He wanted to see how she would handle Ray giving her presentation. He also wanted to keep her a mystery. So far the rest of the company, including Ray and John, thought he’d picked the new Researcher because of her looks. They thought Sean wanted an excuse to work her into his bed.
And yes, that thought had crossed his mind. But this decision was solely based on what he knew she was capable of. He would let people talk now, because it would make Krista look better when they had to eat their words. And Sean was positive they would. Ray, an experienced salesman, and even after having practiced the presentation a few times, was still stumbling over some of her information. 
She was also looking good today; professional. Ray must have been right about the state of her yesterday. She’d felt she’d bit off more than she could chew. Today, though, she was fresh, well dressed, and eager to prove herself. It was what Sean needed.
Next thing he needed was to get her to trust him. They would have a hard time working together if she didn’t want to be in the same room. 




Chapter Eight

When Ray was through doing a hack job on Krista’s material, Sean told everyone they’d receive further information the following day via email. They were dismissed.
“Krista, stay behind, please,” Sean said as everyone else headed toward the door. Monica looked at her with daggers in her eyes.
Krista turned back to Sean, who was still sitting in his chair. He was leaning back, his arms folded over his chest, his biceps bulging in the confinement of his jacket. 
“Sit, please.” Long shadows from the afternoon sun played across Sean’s strong features, glinting across his eyes. He had a bemused expression that gave Krista the feeling he was toying with her. 
She just didn’t know why. Or how. Or what to do to get the upper hand.
Krista organized everything in front of her, still disheartened by the meeting, in an attempt to avoid Sean’s eye contact. She needed to find the best way to tell him she’d made a mistake—this group wasn’t for her.
When she had nothing left to move around, and he still hadn’t said a word, she reached for her mug. The silence stretched. Getting awkward.
Finally, defiantly, she met his eyes. 
Strikingly green. Fiery. Hungry. The silence lengthened as she watched him, watching her. The atoms in the room sped up. The electricity crackled. Krista felt a fresh burst of sweat under her armpits.
“We need to clear the air if we’re going to work together,” Sean finally said with all traces of flirt gone. He was somber and sophisticated. The atoms started racing around even faster. Krista was doing everything she could not to fan herself.
She nodded, not trusting her voice. 
“I think it best you get whatever answers you need. So ask. Please.”
Krista shrugged petulantly. Her brain, past realizing how hungry it was, was starting to short circuit. She couldn’t think clearly through the fuzz. 
After a lengthy pause, in which Krista couldn’t get her thoughts clear enough to say anything, Sean asked, “Are you okay?”
“What? Oh, I didn’t get anything to eat for lunch and my body doesn’t do all that well with low blood sugar. No big deal. Uh... let’s see...” She tried desperately to stay on topic, but her stupid brain was jackknifing.
Sean jumped up gracefully. “Easily remedied. Come with me, please.”
She never really noticed how polite he was, even when giving commands. Guy said please more than anyone else she knew. 
How had she missed that?
Why did it matter?
Without realizing it, she was following him out through the rows of empty conference rooms to the elevator. He pushed the button for her floor. When the doors opened, he gestured for her to go ahead of him. 
“I didn’t bring a lunch--I have to go grab something,” she said, not leaving the elevator when the doors opened again.
“I figured. Grab your purse and we’ll go.” 
“I have money on me.”
“Humor me.”
Krista shrugged and headed toward her cube, him following behind. She noticed bored eyes looking up, as usual, but this time they stayed up as they saw Sean. With her.
She needed to tell him she was pulling out. This was a bad situation for her. First the gossip in the break room, then the terrible intro, followed by Ray’s hack job, now the cube tabloid circuit. This was not the way she wanted to branch out her resume.
At her cube she grabbed her purse and turned back, coming face-to-face with a pair of seductive, penetrating eyes.
“Oh!” she breathed as she looked up, his mouth mere inches from hers. She could smell the ocean/musk of his body and the fabric softener of his shirt. The heat radiating from him fell around her in waves. His chest was so close, she could just lean in and—
Don’t touch his pecs!

~*~*~*~

Krista flinched backward. 
Sean examined with a hunger he couldn’t remember.  He looked down at her, watching her within her space, surrounded by all her knick-knacks and pictures of her and her friends, and nearly reached for her. He couldn’t remember ever feeling so strongly. He wanted her with raw ferocity. 
“I think I m-made a mis-stake,” Krista stammered, backing as far into her cube, and away from him, as she could go.
She was flushed and jittery, which meant she was thinking the same thoughts he was. Sean nearly took a step to close the distance.
“With what?” Sean asked slowly, looking at her breasts, then her mouth, then down to her bare legs.
“This group. Your team. I wasn’t feeling great yesterday—I didn’t have all the info. But now, after meeting everyone, and seeing how th-things run…I think I made a mistake. I think I’ll respectfully decline the opportunity.”
It took Sean a minute to understand her words, but as soon as he did, he took an immediate step back. The haze that had settled on his mind cleared instantly. He had been worried about getting her to trust him, and then he leans into her space like a goon. It wasn’t like him, especially not when business was on the line. This lack of self-control was a foreign thing. He didn’t usually have to try so hard to keep a level head.
He physically backpedaled even as he verbally did. “I’m sorry. Please, I’m so sorry about that.”
“No, it’s fine. Seriously, it’s not that big a deal, but—“
“No, Krista…” Sean’s back bumped the wall opposite her cube. He couldn’t get any farther away and still see her. “Look, that was unprofessional just then. That was my fault. That’s not how things would run. Please. I need you on the team. You were a conscious choice based off of performance. Solely performance. Please don’t assume—please give me one more chance.”
Krista hesitated. She was fighting with something, he could see it. He pushed his advantage.
“If we land this account, Krista, it would look great on your résumé . They are a giant company. They are well-known. You won’t get another chance like this where you are. Please, I can be an ass—I know this about myself—but I’ll try harder. I’ll steer clear of you in everything that isn’t strictly work related. Please. I need you for this account.”

~*~*~*~*~

Krista took stock of the situation. She thought about what he’d said. About her own issues. She still wanted to say no, but it was solely because of Sean. The rest of the job sounded pretty good. It sounded like there would be a challenge. It also gave her the chance to work in a real team. 
But she would have to fight the desire with Sean constantly. 
She laughed to ease the tension, still undecided, and deflected: “That’s where Mr. Montgomery always stands when he talks to me.”
Sean looked around him, then back at her. He was still as serious as a heart attack. 
Krista sighed in thought. “Okay,” she looked back up at Sean, so serious, hands at his sides, palms pushed against the walls along with his back, flattening himself to be farther away. He meant it—he wanted her in a work capacity. For this, at least. “You get one more chance.”
Relief flooded his expression. 
She threw her pointer finger at him. “But you are on probation.” 
Sean sighed hugely, “I am sorry about that, Krista. I—there’s no excuse.”
“You’ll probably get a Thump-Bird if you keep going with the sighing. Anyway, I need to eat.”
“Of course. Shut down your computer and we’ll go.”
“It’s only 3:30. We’ll be back, right?”
“Why bother? Shut it down. You’re on my schedule now,” he said it softly, careful to stay near the far wall.
On one hand, was the second chance a good idea? On the other hand, she got to get out early. 
Early it was. 
She shifted gears quickly and emailed in her report. The deadline was five, so if she wasn’t coming back, she had to send it before she left. Hopefully Fatty isn’t pissed I’m sending it a couple hours early. 
Just in case, she put in a note explaining, in so many words, that it was all Sean’s fault. If she could have electronically sent an eye roll, she would have. It would have helped her cause.
There were no messages on her phone, so she shut everything down and grabbed her handbag and jacket. She turned back to Sean, who had a puzzled expression on his face. The expression immediately cleared as he stepped further away to let her by.
When they were in the elevator, with a man who said ”Hi,” to Sean briefly, then looked at Krista in interest, Sean said, “Sorry to intrude, but why are you worried about sending in your report early?”
“What?” How did he know that? She didn’t write that in the email—or did she? Did he read the bit about it totally being his fault?
As if in answer to her mental freaking out, he continued with, “Sorry, but I couldn’t help but hear you muttering. Do you not like turning things in early?”
“Oh, uh, no.” What else did I mutter?? “Mr. Montgomery doesn’t like things before deadline. He’s afraid he’ll lose them.”
Sean was quiet for a minute as the guy hit his desired floor and exited. Another couple of people got in, said ”Hi,” to Sean, ignored her, and then started talking about their work for the Dell account.
Sean said, “Why doesn’t James just turn it in instead of hold onto it?”
Krista shrugged. “Million-dollar question. If I wasn’t afraid of that scowl of his, I’d ask.”
“So you finish your work right on time to keep him happy?”
“No, I finish really early because the deadlines are too long, and then hold on to it until the last minute. That report was due by the end of the day. Ordinarily I would wait until 4:50 or so. Hopefully he won’t be too mad. But I am fully prepared to blame you if he is.” There. She admitted it.
Sean laughed as they reached the lobby. “Understood.”
Once out of the building, Krista let Sean lead. He had a lunch spot in mind, and since she needed suggestions on good places to eat, she didn’t say anything. 
He didn’t say much, either, as they walked, probably thinking about their episode earlier. She couldn’t help but notice his walk, though. He walked with purposeful, powerful strides, eating up the ground easily with each step. He held back for her, because though she was normally a fast walker, her four-inch heels weren’t conducive to sprinting. His body moved with the symmetry of an athlete. Nothing was out of place when he moved. 
Once they got to the restaurant, Krista’s stomach felt like it was imploding she was so hungry. When they walked in she realized that it was an Irish pub, but a different one than she was in last week with the girls. The bar was long, covering the entire right side of the restaurant. Aside from a walkway along the bar, the rest of the space had tables and chairs, with three booths in the back left corner. At the back of the restaurant was a large kitchen with cooks busily getting orders out. 
Instead of sitting at a table, and there were more than a few available, Sean led her to the far end of the bar. They took two stools and settled in.
“The waitress is completely indifferent,” Sean said, folding his hands in front of him patiently.  “The bar has much quicker service.”
“Why come here if the service is bad?” Krista said, looking around. 
There were two waitresses in their mid-thirties moving around the tables. Krista couldn’t tell their indifference by looking at them. In fact, they seemed to gab to their patrons as they took orders, asking if everything was alright, and moving on. They weren’t bustling by any means, but they didn’t look lazy, either. The place was large—she could imagine the waitresses having their work cut out for them if the place got packed. 
In the awkward hours between lunch and dinner, most restaurants and bars in the financial district were slow. There weren’t many tourists this far from downtown to fill the off-hour void of the workforce. This restaurant, however, was still humming. It had a used, worked-in sort of feeling, lacking the gloss and shine of the other Irish pub she’d been in last Friday, but people seemed all the more relaxed for it. It wasn’t pretentious, but it wasn’t dirty. It fit somewhere in between. Krista felt comfortable here. And judging by how relaxed Sean was, leaning idly against the bar, he was, too.
“It isn’t that the service is bad.” Sean said, looking around. “Just indifferent. Sometimes that means you’re left to your own devices a little too long. At the bar you generally get what you need as you need it.”
Just as he said this the bartender showed up. She was a middle-aged woman with a pleasant, laid back look. “What’ll ye have?” She asked with an Irish accent. 
 “I’ll have a Guinness and a menu, please.” Sean looked at Krista. He was still feeling uncomfortable with the scene earlier. The scene he had made.
She figured she’d let him stew in it for a while. “Uh, I guess I’ll try a Guinness as well, and a menu also. Please.” 
The bartender nodded once, put some menus within reach, and wandered away, making a joke with a guy down the way. Indifferent made sense. Polite indifference.
“Have you ever had Guinness?” Sean asked with a bemused grin. He was bemused a lot. Was it just her or life in general?
She hoped it was life. She was damn funny, sure, but she didn’t think of herself as all that confusing. 
“I mostly drink Guinness when in Ireland and England,” she explained, making an effort to turn off her mental dialogue. “Not so much anywhere else.”
“You travel there often?”
“Which? To Ireland or England?”
“Either. Both.”
“I haven’t gone anywhere in a couple years, but when headed to Europe I tend to spend some time in England. It isn’t that I love it—I mean, I like it—but travel out of Gatwick to most anywhere in Europe is crazy easy. Oh, and I understand the language.”
Sean laughed that deep, throaty laugh of his. “Knowing what people are saying is a decided advantage, yes. Have you traveled anywhere else?”
“Oh yes. I took a year off school, much to my parents’ chagrin, to travel around Europe. Besides that I’ve been to a few other places.”
“Like where?” 
Sean had his full attention on her. He seemed calm and relaxed. For the first time, he seemed completely, utterly normal. Human. Not a God, or a supermodel, and certainly not a womanizer. He seemed interested in nothing more than friendly conversation. They could’ve been two friends, meeting up for lunch and a chat. Two people with no drama, no sordid work history, and no sexual office tension. Regardless of Krista’s wishes, she could feel her guard slipping even more, and instead of his sexual attraction, she admired his exquisite beauty. 
His eyes were radiant and intelligent, currently sparkling a brilliant shade of green. His straight, perfect nose ended above a full set of defined lips that looked sensual. And kissable. 
She rushed into her answer to get her brain back on track. “I’ve been to many places in South America, to Canada, to most of the U.S., including Alaska, um, Mexico, ah...let’s see...Egypt--”
“Egypt?” Sean interrupted. 
“Yes. I went there about four years ago.”
“I’ve never been. How was it?”
The bartender showed up with their beers. Krista belatedly realized she should have looked at the menu. 
“Now.” The bartender said it in a way that meant “there ya go” as she put their beers in front of them. She leaned against the counter casually and asked, “Do ye know what ye want?”
Sean said, “I’ll have the burger, please. Medium.” The bartender nodded and looked at Krista.
“Oh God, um…” She scanned words quickly, then just picked the first thing that looked half-way decent. “French dip.”
The bartender nodded again, put the menus away and headed off.
Krista’s stomach gave a loud rumble. With an embarrassed grin, she clutched it. Sean smiled, his eyes crinkling in the corners.
“It was great,” she went on, “one of my favorite places because of the art history, but one of my least favorite places for trying to fit in.”
Sean laughed. “I can imagine. Tell me, did you get to see the Great Pyramids and go in one?”
“I saw them, but didn’t go in. I was with a group and we had a guide, so we went in a different pyramid that didn’t have lights. It smelled like pee.”
“Oh, smelled like the BART station, you mean?”
“Exactly,” she laughed. “Have you traveled at all?”
He nodded, his eyes getting distant. “I have, yes. I’ve hit all the places you have, except Egypt, of course. Australia, China and Japan, and parts of Africa.”
“I’ve always wanted to go on an African safari.”
“Have you? It’s dangerous.”
“I know. It’s wild and raw, and therefore, real. I want to see an elephant so bad it hurts. I’ve watched enough documentaries and nature programs to know how dangerous they are, but I just can’t help it. They are so majestic.”
Krista paused as Sean took a sip of his Guinness. Into the silence she said, “And I want to marry an Australian.”
Sean choked into his beer and put the glass down in a hurry. Krista gave his large back a slap, clearly helping. The way he jerked forward against the bar, choking a little harder, he thought she clearly wasn’t.
“You alright?” she asked in laughter. 
He chuckled, “Just so happens I’m Australian.”
 “Uh huh. I am younger than you, yes, but I wasn’t born yesterday.”
 “Honest,” he raised his hand as if to say ‘Scout’s honor.’ “My parents are from Australia. I am first generation American.”
 “You just said it—you’re American. Doesn’t count. You don’t have the accent.”
“Oh. In order to count I need the accent?”
“Exactly.”
“Pity.” There were layers to that word, and Krista didn’t want to know any of them.
Thankfully, the food showed up right before it got awkward. On Krista’s plate sat a large sandwich stuffed with thick slices of red meat. Beside it was a small cup of au jus. The rest of the plate was filled with fries.
“Wow,” she said, not knowing where to start. “This is manly.”
Sean looked over at her, just about to bite into his giant burger. “What? The food?”
“Yeah. Meat. Bread. Fries. Enough food for two meals. Manly. Let’s hope it tastes womanly.”
“You don’t think men know what good food tastes like?”
Krista smirked, “Let’s see.”
Sean took a big bite. Krista picked up her large sandwich, thankfully cut in half by the kitchen, and took a Krista-sized bite. She got mostly bread.
“It won’t taste womanly if you eat like a chick,” Sean said with a smirk.
“I am trying to maintain some decorum.”
“How’s this for decorum—I was in Ireland shortly after they stopped smoking in the bars. It was a wonderful thing for the most part. Before that, you’d get home from the pub and smell like an ashtray. You had to wash your clothes every day, which isn’t easy when traveling. After the ban went into effect, though, the old guys would sit and drink their Guinness, as usual, but without the smell of cigarettes in the air, they filled the bar with their farts instead. It wasn’t pretty.”
Krista put her sandwich down, choking. “Why did you just tell me that?”
Sean started laughing, “So you’d know that a pub is no place for decorum. Take a bite. A big one. No one’s looking.”
“This is a work lunch.”
“And?”
“And…fine. You want to sit next to a sloppy mess? So be it!” Just to make a mockery of the scene, Krista dipped her sandwich in the au jus and took a mouthful. 
Sean watched for a minute, then took a mouthful as well. When he was chewing, he said, “Goorrd?”
“Huuumm?”
They both started laughing, taking a sip of their beer so as not to choke. When they’d both finished, Sean said, “Well?”
“Good. Really good. Quality bread and quality meat. This place is a keeper.”
Sean nodded, “Yeah, food here is consistently good. The bar is consistently full, and the waitresses are consistently unimpressed.”
Krista laughed as she scarfed down most of her sandwich—she’d been starving.  There wasn’t much conversation as they finished up and the plates were taken away. She was about halfway through her Guinness, Sean on to his second. 
“So… Fatty?” Sean asked as he looked at his beer. He was trying to hide a smile.
“I didn’t think that comment was out loud.”
“I snooped, too. Blaming me for turning in a report early, huh? Excuse me for saying, but your department is…backwards.”
“You didn’t already know that?”
“I did. In theory. I took Ray to meet Mr. Montgomery. It was…funny. Ray is probably the most polite guy I know. He doesn’t like saying negative things. He was hard pressed to say anything at all concerning James. He was flabbergasted.”
“I’ll bet. Did he meet the others?”
“Briefly. I didn’t want to scare him too badly.”
“Well, usually I call him Mr. Montgomery, but when he is being an ass, or stubborn or whatever, I call him Fatty. It’s what the girl who trained me always called him.”
“Ah.” He laughed and bowed his head. After a moment, his grin faded. “Right. Business.” Suddenly everything changed. His focus was razor-sharp, his mannerisms were fluid but honed, and his eyes probed her with intensity.




Chapter Nine

“You are disgruntled and you don’t trust me. First, let’s go over why you are disgruntled.”
“Uh …” Krista had to downshift. She leaned forward on the bar, collected her thoughts, and then paused. Yeah, she was disgruntled, but she didn’t really want to air her dirty laundry in a public forum. 
Sean waited patiently. He wanted her to take the first step. 
“It’s growing into kind of a long list,” she stalled.
He nodded once. No surprise in his countenance. Apparently he wasn’t daunted. “Just start at the beginning, then.”
Well, here goes…
“Okay, well, firstly the presentation was a shambles.”
“How so?”
“How so? You rudely didn’t introduce me. Then you and your lackey sat back and admired the view like a couple’a sleazeballs. You didn’t even hide the fact that you were looking at all the available skin rather than focusing on, oh I don’t know, the presentation I was doing? Then you made me answer a question you knew very well you should have been answering. Finally, adding insult to injury, or at least insult to grievance, you ushered me out halfway through the meeting. I looked like a useless stat rat to the clients, never mind the rest of the team that already hated me. You would have never done that to my boss!”
She marveled at how quickly she’d gotten riled up. Since she was on a roll, she was about to go on when Sean held up his hand to stop her. 
 “I didn’t realize your list was so well organized,” Sean said pensively. “Why didn’t you throw this at me yesterday?”
“I was really, really hung over yesterday.”
“Did you get in and decide to talk to me, or was it something you’d planned?”
“I’d decided I had to on Friday—not true. My friends decided I had to on Friday, and after I couldn’t find a reason to disagree, I had to jump on board. It was a long weekend.”
“Well, hopefully after today you’ll know that you shouldn’t be worried or nervous to speak with me. We are a team now. If you have any problems, any at all, I want you to feel comfortable coming to me. Or at the very least, Ray.”
“Hopefully after today you’ll know that there is a certain way, a professional way, that I expect to be treated, and I will not tolerate anything else.”
“Touché. Okay. Let me hit your first points before we move on.”
“Thinking I’ll forget the rest of my grievances?” Krista smiled.
“Yesterday I would have said yes. Now…I’ll make sure you’re hung over when I try to get one over on you.”
“Hmm.”
 “Well, first, you’re right on all counts, and if you weren’t...ah, irritated by these issues, it would prove to me that you didn’t care all that much about your work. Your boss wouldn’t have minded my not introducing him, or being asked to leave early. Actually, he would have thanked me for the latter. 
“I would apologize for playing you false, but I won’t, because I wouldn’t really mean it. I didn’t introduce you because I wanted to show you as your own sector. Your department is always set aside from the rest of the company, just like most of the financial sector and occasionally IT. The difference is finance and IT don’t interact with clients. They do their own thing, and we do our own thing. The presidents and VP’s bring it all together. Your department, though, is greatly needed, but also greatly feared ...” He paused to think how to go on. 
“Feared?”
Sean nodded, “Greatly feared because the presentations are dry and usually miss the mark. The presenters themselves are terrible at communicating with anything but robots. It just doesn’t work for our clients. Which are human, by the way.”
She ignored that last dig. On the humor circuit, he could do better.
Krista’s Guinness showed up, along with another for Sean. She looked at him with raised eyebrows. He caught the look. “I can drink a lot of Guinness. My grandparents are Irish bar owners. I’ve spent a lot of time in the pub shooting the shit and drinking Guinness. Anyway--”
“Wait...” she held up a hand to stop the proceedings. “You are American. Your parents are Australian. But your grandparents are Irish?”
“Uh...yeah, so my dad was first generation Australian. His parents were born in Ireland, but met while they were each traveling in Australia, stayed until my dad was 18, then went back to Ireland. My dad stayed and met my mom. She is 100% Australian. My dad got a job offer in the U.S., my mom followed. I came later. We are still close to both sets of grandparents.”
“Ah. Colorful ethnic tree.”
“Anyway, where was I...ah yes, your unfortunate department. If it had been anyone else, I would have treated your presentation like I did all the others--which is to say, keep it flowing and keep the clients interested. They were men, though, and you a young, attractive, well-groomed woman. Interest wasn’t a problem.”
Krista let what he said float over her awareness. It wasn’t why they were here. She was in deep enough; she didn’t need the sweet talking.
She rebutted with, “Okay, why did you play up the sex part? That was a form of sexual harassment as well as disrespectful, discourteous to a fellow associate and completely harmful to my reputation as a statistician. And, in case you were wondering, I don’t need any negative help with my reputation as a statistician.”
Sean had that devilishly handsome grin on his face. “Yes, I realize you don’t need any help with your reputation. Anyone who has worked with your department, or got caught at a Christmas party talking to one of them, knows to steer clear. But, yes, all those things it was, yes. Including a dick move about your reputation. I told you in the beginning, I will use a person for all they’ve got. Those men, save one, weren’t smart enough to follow what you were saying. By being belligerent in our appreciation of your looks, the two idiots could just watch you and feel like one of the boys. That left the smartest of the group to follow along. And he had to sidestep all the land mines you were throwing at him--smiles, sultry voice, feminine movements--to keep focused. ”
Okay, that time it was a little harder to let the appreciative comments float over her head. She went a furious shade of red. 
Sean tried to stifle a laugh. “Please believe that if those guys were gay men or women, I would’ve been giving that presentation right beside you while finding ways to take off my jacket. It isn’t pretty, but neither are sales.” 
Her imagination flared at the mention of him taking off his jacket. She groped for the emergency brake as she said, “Fine, but then the smart one showed he could follow along and asked a poignant question.”

Sean’s eyes clouded over as he regarded her, his face losing all trace of humor. “Yes, I didn’t expect that.” She could tell he didn’t like when things happened he wasn’t anticipating. “Your information was solid, your skills as a presenter top notch, and your look distracting--I didn’t think he would pay such close attention. Or at least, I didn’t think he would ask a question until after you’d walked off the platform. Then that question. I’ll be honest, Krista, it blindsided me. It highlighted exactly what I was trying to hide.”
“Then why did you get me to answer it instead of saving the day?”
“Are you questioning my hero antics?” He laughed, humor restored. “I set you up as an independent sector, remember? He asked you. It was a research question. If I jumped in, it would have discredited you. They possibly would’ve looked harder at your material. Maybe punched holes in your presentation. Talk about reputation going down the drain, huh?”
Krista scoffed and he smiled at her, his eyes glittering green. 
“But how did you know I wouldn’t ruin everything? I mean, my boss or anyone in my department would’ve agreed with what that guy said, then given a factual rundown on how the information was correct, if not necessarily relevant.”
Sean rolled his eyes, “If you were anyone else in your department, you would not have been left on your own. I already went over that with you. No one outside your department trusts your department--in front of clients, I mean. Information is always solid, of course.”
“You didn’t answer the question.”
He sighed. “Well, I was hoping for the best. I was trying to figure out what to say when you f-ed up--excuse my candor. Luckily for me, you had the presence of mind to lie. Thank you for that, by the way. It’s what solidified you on my team. Otherwise I was going to hire in.”
“What, my ability to lie?” 
Sean leaned back and laughed. He half-turned to her and she got the impression he wanted to ruffle her hair like a twelve-year-old boy. 
“Your ability to go with the flow,” he explained.
Here she was, dwelling on that dang question all weekend, and now she learned it was potentially the doorway to a better career path. Potentially. The verdict was still out if she could work with Sean.
She went on, pressing the point, wanting to know why he wanted her on his team. Looks, or something else? This was his time to prove it. “Okay, you said if I was anyone but me you would’ve acted differently. How’d you know my work? That was my first real presentation.”
“By your presence of mind in your slides and how you went over it before the meeting. Also from the report of yours I looked at a few months ago when you knocked me over like a linebacker.”
“Okay, I think you’re remembering that incorrectly. You knocked me over, remember? Plus you were the reason for a broken lucky mug. And for a near black eye …”
“I’m not apologizing for that lucky mug—that thing was the pits. Very ugly.”
“What? How dare you insult its memory!”
Sean laughed again, resting his forearms on the bar. “And I already apologized for the near black eye. And you barreled into me. It wasn’t my fault you couldn’t stand on your own two stilettos.”
“Well, fine. History of you ambushing me aside, are you saying you made a split-second judgment right before show time? You think you’re that good a judge of talent?”
“Absolutely.”
“Well then, I feel inclined to tell you, I had help with those slides.”
Sean’s brows furrowed. “I thought you said--”
“I lied.”
“I see. Expert liar.” He didn’t sound impressed.
“Expert flow go’er. My roommate helped me on the color scheme and did a few layout fixes. I needed it to look better, you know, but I’m a novice with art.” Sean still looked miffed. “But, he’s not company related, so it counts as me, right? Not really a lie.”
“What about the actual wording of the presentation? And the material?” 
“Oh, all me. My roommate is a genius art guy. Numbers are my territory. I help him balance his checkbook, he helps me with color and placement. Easy for him, easy for me.”
“He’s an expert art guy and you’re an expert math girl?”
Krista shrugged.
“When can I meet your roommate?” Sean could pivot on a dime. 
She must have blinked a hundred times in two seconds before she stuttered, “Uh… he has a job.” 
“When can I meet your roommate?”
“Let’s put that on the table for further discussion.”
Sean looked at her with that bemused expression again before conceding. “Fair enough. Next grievance.”
“Ushering me out of the room.”
“That wasn’t planned in the beginning. I‘d hoped to keep you close as a top quality distraction throughout. But with that answer ... you showed you were a step above everyone else. Excepting me, of course.”
“Oh, of course,” Krista said sarcastically.
He continued with a smile. “I didn’t want them wondering why someone smart, and probably high-powered despite her age, was hanging around in the back of the room with...the others. After you left I told them you had to get to another meeting and you were on borrowed time. I did make you look good in the end. Give me a little credit at least.”
“Hmmph.”
“Next?”
She’d finished her second Guinness. Based on the fact that the food was still settling but the Guinness was flowing like water, Krista was already starting to feel a little tipsy. If she didn’t slow down so the protein could block alcohol absorption, she would seek out Sean’s bedroom and her pants would fall off of their own free will.
“Um, okay,” she forged on, face red again, “Why didn’t you tell the others my role in Friday’s meeting? I mean, you had Ray give a piss-poor rendition of my information when I was sitting two seats from the guy.”
“Piss-poor?” Sean was looking at her with a smirk.
“Don’t tell him that, but yeah. There were holes everywhere.”
“What, did you memorize it?”
Krista stopped, her glass halfway to her mouth, in order to give Sean a look that said he was smarter than that. When he still seemed dense, she said, “I researched it, wrote it, then formatted it…twice. I know the information in it. Don’t insult me.”
Sean laughed and gave her a pat on the back. 
 “I just don’t understand why you didn’t tell everyone I was the one who researched the info,” she pushed.
“I did.”
“I only use my hair color when there is an actual advantage to looking stupid. I suggest you revise your answer.”
Sean laughed again, this time putting a large hand on her shoulder as he did so. His hand was warm and comfortable. She suddenly wanted it between her legs.
She sputtered into her glass and put the Guinness down immediately. Things were going A.W.O.L.! She had to calm-the-hell-down! Alcohol was making her decision-making process take a complete back seat to her need to get laid. It. Was. Not. Good!
“I’m still not sure why I did that, to be honest …” Sean paused as he looked at her, his eyes roaming her face. A second later he cleared his throat, shaking his head slightly, before going back to leaning on the bar as he said, “It was a last-minute decision that seemed right. Ray disagreed, but…I think I might leave you as the secret weapon for a while. They all have to work with you, so they’ll figure out you’re likable sooner or later. Until then, hopefully they’ll trip up somewhere and I’ll hear what’s going on behind the scenes.”
“Trip up, how?”
“Cut corners when the boss isn’t looking. Slack off when they think they can get away with it.”
“What makes you think I’d rat on my co-workers?” Because I won’t.
Sean slowly turned to her with his whole body. He leaned in slightly, his smell wrapping around her head dizzyingly, and said, in a soft, intimate voice, “By me taking very good care of you. I know how to inspire loyalty.” 
Krista tilted her head at the change. He had always been trying to get in her pants, but she’d never heard him talk this sleazy before. To anybody. It was such a turn-off that she actually thanked him for the answer. It might as well have been cold water he dumped over her head.
“Yeah, okay, look,” she said with renewed confidence. She turned her body straight toward the bar, answering his body language with her own. “Here’s the thing. If you’re going to keep up the sexual innuendos, I don’t think I’ll be able to work with you. I certainly won’t be on your side. I’m hoping working with you is beneficial to me, but if you keep it up I’ll hate it. I would rather take my chances on my own if that’s my only choice.”
Sean’s head snapped up and he met her eyes. There was no boyish humor or sultry heat in his look. Not now. He was reading her; checking to see if she was serious. Amazingly, he seemed to think his sideshow act was irresistible. The ego on the man was astounding! If it could be compared to an iceberg, it would sink the Titanic all over again. 
When he met unflinching resolve, his confidence shattered. His eyebrows drooped, like a scared twenty-something playing at being a businessman rather than a powerful player on his way to the top. His shoulders hunched as he turned back to his beer, his humor completely dried up. 
It was freaking deserved, but now she felt like a huge bitch! It went against everything she had known about him thus far, but he looked forlorn. Plus, she had to work with the guy—maybe—she didn’t need to create an enemy, especially one as powerful as he was. 
“Sean, I--”
“You are going to have to bear with me on that point,” he said, cutting her off as he turned to her. His face was unreadable. “Sometimes it is habit. Most times, I should say. Just as most times it is habit to play the big, egocentric young guy amongst all the top execs. Dress the part, you know? But I’ll work on it. Give me some patience, and I’ll work on it. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to use the chastised little boys’ room.”
He gave her an adorable, lopsided but insecure smile before he headed off to the restroom. It was genuine. What he was feeling right then was legit. Her heart squished as it sank into her boots. It wasn’t fair—he did deserve it. But still…meh!
When he came back, he seemed in better spirits. “You know,” he started off, “just because you won’t let me seduce you, doesn’t mean I won’t seduce others in your presence.”
An-nd, he was back.
“I couldn’t give two rats about others,” Krista said with a smile, feeling the guilt slip away. “I’m looking after number one, here. Oh, and should you ever run into my friends, they count, too. We are all cynical bitches, so I doubt you would have any effect, but all the same.”
“Ah, so it’s the cynical bitches that are impervious to my charms?”
“Exactly.”
“Got it.”
“But I should warn you, you should stop peeing in the company pool.”
“Look--” he looked into the mystical waters of his beer. “I’ll make you a deal. You keep out of my sex life, and I’ll keep out of yours. Okay?”
Krista nodded. She’d deserved that. “Deal.”
They shook on it. Krista felt like she’d just made a pact with the devil. They’d see how this would go. In theory, she could relax around the guy. If he wasn’t trying to get her into bed, then she wouldn’t have to constantly have defenses from following him like a mouse to a flute. Then again, he would stop trying to seduce her. Hot guys trying to seduce a girl always gave her a confidence boost. 
No-win situation on that one.
“You know...” she said, wanting to change subjects. “If you’d just told me where the weaknesses were, I could’ve easily danced around those issues. On the presentation, I mean. That guy would’ve never even seen it.”
Sean’s business look was back. “How would you have done that? I mean, besides lie and change data?”
“Haven’t you ever heard of companies showing this result or that result for some study, then another group does the same study but with different parameters and finds a totally different result? All I would’ve done was add vagueness in the right places, and accentuated what would help the cause. Easy.”
“What if you were up against someone who speaks your language, like your boss?”
“If he was to catch it, and by catch it, I mean see that it could be refined and want more information, I would have to give it verbally in a meeting. Verbal recital leaves something to the imagination.”
“Okay, but what if someone smarter than you was asking the questions?”
“Are you implying that I am not functioning on genius level?”
“Forgive me, this is all theory.”
Krista smiled, “Someone smarter would be used to thinking everyone like me is an idiot. They would cut me some slack and assume I didn’t highlight the right data like the idiot I was/am …You know what I mean.”
“Okay ... what if you were up against you?”
“Ah. Some cynical bitch who knew all the tricks because that was the quickest way to get an ‘A’ in school, and who was only a math geek because it paid more than a hair and makeup specialist?”
Sean chuckled as he studied her, “Exactly.”
“Then I would be well buggered, I think. I would be as up front as I could, as truthful as I could, and we would have to use all your sales know-how when we were told to get them a report with better findings. It’s all about parameters and the way it is divulged.”
“Good answer. Unexpectedly good answer. I am suddenly extremely glad I found you for this team. I think you could do quite well in sales if you really wanted to.”
“If I really wanted to.”
“And you don’t?”
“Correct, sir.”
“Duly noted, senator. What’s next on the grudge list?”
 “That’s it. Sexual part was the biggest gripe.”
“That’s it? There’s nothing else? Nothing else that you might’ve been promised or expecting, but since this change, haven’t heard anything about? Nothing like that?”
“Uh ...” she wracked her brain. “Oh. Promotion? Pay raise? Respect?”
“Just so. Do you no longer need those things?”
“Mr. Montgomery said he would work that into the deal with being on your team. Well, all except the respect part ...”
“Mr. Fatty, as you call him, has about as much clout as you do. And forgive me, but that is about, uh … none.”
She felt her face turn red at the nickname, “So umm, that’s bad news then.”
Sean laughed again, undoing the buttons on his coat. “It would be bad news … if you weren’t paired with the top salesman who does have clout. Stop by my office tomorrow morning and I will go over the specifics.”
“Nice doing business with you Mr. McAdams—no, wait; don’t take off your coat!”
Sean froze with his suit jacket half off. She could make out his meaty shoulders and the stronger man smell. His deodorant was working, but he was probably under the impression that if he kept the jacket, it wouldn’t last for long. He was probably right, but ...holy Lord, she didn’t know if she was strong enough to sit this close to the guy and not…do something.
He looked at her in confusion, wondering what the problem was. He didn’t suspect her, thank God.
“I was just going to say…you might get ketchup on it.”
Sean looked at the bar.
“See?” Krista pointed to a tiny droplet of red thickness. It was a terrible cover. 
Sean followed her finger, saw the offending substance, and looked back at her, still confused. Then a beautiful smile lit up his face. He’d guessed the problem.
“I’m roasting, Miss Marshall. I have to. Shall I get a glass of cold shower for you?” Sean finished removing his damned jacket, his smile turning devious.
“Cold shower?” Krista scoffed, getting a freaking grip! “Hardly. What’s that jacket worth? I just figured you wouldn’t want to smear it on the bar and drape it over a nasty chair.”
Sean paused again, his eyes surveying the scene. He’d fallen for it—the jacket must have been worth a pretty penny because she was no actress. In the meantime, there were those arms. And that chest. Luckily it was all still contained in a long-sleeved shirt, but now it was Krista’s deodorant that was under pressure.
“Getting back to what we were saying, we have a lot more business to do yet, Miss Marshall,” Sean said, placing his jacket on the back of his seat with care. “You think you’re working hard now? Wait until we get into the thick of it.”
“I don’t.”
“What’s that?”
“I don’t think I’m working hard now. All I had to do today was a report on sports cars. I had the whole day to do it. It took me four hours from start to finish, and that was with lengthy email pauses and shopping sprees in between. I am earning money, yes, but the internet shopping is killing me!”
Sean’s eyebrows shot up to his hair line as he looked at her. She shook her head at him and said, “Before you pat me on the back, you should know my department’s best kept secret. And if you hope to have my loyalty, you will keep this a secret from everyone--John included. John especially I should say.”
Krista gave him a stern look. He gazed back, deciding if he wanted to put himself in this pot of hot water. Actually, he was probably wondering if he could find out the secret with that tip alone.
Apparently deciding he’d have to hear it from her, or seduce Trisha, he nodded for her to go on.
“We have excellent catalogers. Excellent. Always have had, actually. As far as I can see, anything our company has ever worked on has been stored in the archives. When electronic cataloging became available, all paper copies were uploaded. Most companies wouldn’t bother. The time and manpower it takes to do that sort of thing is usually not worth it. Ours apparently thought it was worth it, very much so.”
“So...what you’re saying is, all your department has to do in most situations is just search for the information then write it down?”
“Not even write it down most times. Pull up an old report, presentation, slide show, how about a speech? It’s probably in there. I gave my presentation slides from Friday to the catalogers. They’ve been stored for future reference.”
“But you did the slides on your own?”
“I looked up all the information for that topic in our databases, and created a report on historical information. The report was mine, but the information was from the past. Thinking on it now, I probably gave you shitty information—please excuse the language. I should have balanced our company’s information with other research. But…shit, sorry. There’s no excuse. I screwed up.”
Sean was looking at her with a mystified expression. “You… no. You didn’t screw up. That you thought of it at all—because I sure didn’t, is something. Incorporate that work ethic into this next chunk of research. Don’t worry about what you just did, though. That went over perfectly. But this database…it’s for the company?”
“What do you mean?”
“Reference information. Is it available across all departments?”
“Um...I don’t know, actually. Apparently not Sales, since you don’t know about it. But we would certainly have information on all clients we’ve worked for. But how we got those clients, I don’t know. We probably have a similar cataloging situation for the art department. I couldn’t imagine they would throw away designs. I would think the company would want to keep those for future contemplation, but I don’t have access to those systems.”
“What if you did?”
“Well...uh, I don’t need it. I just need numbers.”
“Now you just need numbers. But you have an eye for art. You also have a desire to use info in a new format. If you had access to art files, you could combine that with what you have, and go from there.”
“Not following.”
Sean’s head was visibly whirling, but Krista couldn’t tell in which direction. The guy was Morse code to a deaf person.
“No. Hmmm. I’ll have to think about this. But I will get you access. Count on that.”
“Oh good,” she said sarcastically. “I shouldn’t have mentioned it.”
“No. You shouldn’t have. Because now I am going to want all kinds of historical information on anything and everything to do with our big fish. Everything. And reports, graphs, summarized… I don’t know…” He was using his hands in wild circular motions with an air of excitement. “…lists. You just gave yourself a load of extra work, Marshall. A load of extra work.”
They passed into silence for a while, each sipping their beers. Krista checked the time and saw that it was 5:30 p.m. Workday was over by a half hour. The bar was starting to get crowded again for the after-work crew.
“Somewhere to be?” Sean asked, glancing over.
“Nope. Apparently I’m not very popular. You?”
“Here, getting to know my team.”
“Hmmm. Speaking of team--I thought you said Monica was your secret weapon?”
Sean softly sighed.  
“You’re so going to get a Thump-Bird,” Krista said as she lifted her glass.
Sean snickered, “At least then I’d see what it was.”
“True. About Monica Devine…”
“For a secret weapon to be effective, it must be kept secret.”
“Which, Dr. Watson, rules her out.”
Sean nodded once, still looking into his beer. “Just so.”
“Then why did you call her a secret weapon?”
He half-turned to her, “Because she needs that distinction to function at her best. She needs to be singled out and put above everyone else. And I care to make that effort, before you ask, because she is excellent at her job, and when I need her, I don’t want to have to go through her manager to get her. I want her willingness, which means sucking up.”
Krista really, really wanted to ask about his personal history with her. What else did sucking up mean in his book? Where did the game lead that he was playing with her? But now she couldn’t ask because of their new deal. He was being so down-to-earth, so raw; she didn’t want to upset their newly formed comfort level.
Krista swallowed down the question, along with more Guinness.
“Okay then, this moves us to Mr. Ray Man. Is he your real secret weapon?” she asked.
“Ray Man. Ha! Good one. No. I wouldn’t call him a secret weapon, no.” Sean was still halfway turned to her, and now he turned his head fully to make up that last bit. He looked into her eyes, reading her again, searching for something. After another beat he said, “You entrusted me with a secret. I will now entrust you with one. You tell mine, or let your lips get loose, well then ...” He let the end of the comment float off into the air.
“Sounds fair,” she shrugged, intrigued. 
He smiled with warmth, his eyes infused with a softness Krista hadn’t seen before. “Ray Man, as you call him, is my crutch. You have your mug, I have Ray.”
“Wait…” Krista looked at Sean hard. Analyzed. Referred back to what she’d already known about him. Looked again. “You’re--are you gay?”
Sean laughed, “Ah, no. I do believe I have a reputation, earned, to the contrary…”
Yikes. That was definitely a straight man response. It was a womanizer response, actually—you didn’t get straighter than that. And not in a good way.
“Okay then, not following.”
“He was my mentor at the first company I worked for. Acting pays worse than hair and makeup for most of us.”
“You were an actor?” she giggled.
“Funny, is it? Hmm.” Sean turned back to his beer. Krista realized with one part horror and two parts gratitude that they had two more in front of them. This was the point that she either went crazy, or stopped.
She should definitely stop.
 “Sorry. No, not funny.” She said, giggling some more. “Absolutely the least funny thing I have ever heard. Damn droll, really.”
“Hmmm.”
“Okay, okay. So you were an actor. Did you go to college?”
“I did. Majored in business. Minored in acting. Went on to an MBA while still acting on the side.”
Krista started laughing again. She couldn’t help it. “Didn’t the other actors think you were selling out or something? Those two don’t really go hand in hand, you know?”
“They thought I would never make it because I had a fall back.”
“And they were right?”
“They were. They are also all working crappy, dead-end jobs in the poor house. I intend to have the last laugh on this one.”
“Oh ho ho. Well. Remind me not to give you a reason to hold a grudge.”
His kissable lips curved upwards as he reached for his Guinness.
“Okay, fine, you moved on from acting. When did you meet Ray?”
“I never said I moved on, but I met Ray at the first company I worked for out of college. The job was just to pay the bills while trying to make way as an actor.”
“Uh huh--wait. You still act?”
“Do you still do hair and makeup?”
“Yeah. Mine. No one pays me for it.”
“You don’t do it for your friends?”
“Okay. Yes, I do. But still, they don’t pay me for it.”
“Well, I don’t get paid for the little I do, either.” He made a funny gesture with his head that was apparently aimed at mimicking her. 
“So...you act for your friends?” She giggled again.
“You seem to giggle a lot for a sarcastic bitch, you know?”
“We’ll get back to that. We are still on you. No pun intended.”
“Mind in the gutter, Marshall! And you were worried about me?” He huffed then sighed. “I act for various small house productions that hold public auditions and generally don’t pay, all right? If they do pay, I only accept the bare minimum the union mandates, and then I donate the money back to the theater house or school--whichever it is.”
“Huh. Interesting.”
“That is not the secret I was entrusting you with.”
“Yes, but it’s probably a better one then the other one. This is outstanding gossip. Nobody knows this little nugget, I bet.”
“And will they?” The way he said it gave her pause. It was like he was grudgingly putting a small slice of his vulnerability in her hands.
“Well, here’s the thing.” She was willing to bargain. “I am eventually going to make a huge ass of myself. Maybe tonight. Maybe a month from now. Maybe in a year. No, it won’t take an entire year ... Anyway, I will undoubtedly make a huge ass of myself. I will keep your gossip to myself if you keep my gossip to yourself. You tell everyone what a dumb-ass I am, well then ...” She let the sentence hang like he did. 
“How will I know what’s gossip, and what is your usual behavior?”
“Yeah, good point. I’ll tell you. A nugget for a nugget.”
“Deal.”
They lapsed into silence as Krista waited for him to continue. He didn’t.
“Oh no. I still haven’t gotten the first nugget. Ray Man. First job. Spill,Señor.”
 “I was hoping you weren’t following the conversation anymore.”
“I can function rather well in drunk time, thank you very much. I am not so long out of college, after all.”
“True. Okay, well, Ray was my mentor, as I said. I got the job to make some money while I looked for acting gigs. Ray taught me how to sell; what to say, how to make a buck.”
“‘N’ all that jazz.”
“Yes, all that jazz. He is a great salesman. He taught me to be a great salesman. After I got tired of being rejected and poor in the acting community, I decided to pay more attention to Ray. I learn fast.”
“And well, I imagine.” Her brain strayed to Pink Shoes discussing rumors of Sean in bed. She could imagine those strong shoulders over her; his long, hard body pressing her down into the soft mattress. 
“You all right?” 
Krista jumped, and then punched him in reflex. Then froze. 
Sean smiled and grabbed his arm at the same time. “Ouch—what was that for?”




Chapter Ten

Sean watched as Krista’s face drained of color. She looked up at him with giant eyes, seemingly waiting for a reaction. Not sure what was happening, just that impulse said she needed soothing, he reached out to put a comforting hand on her shoulder.
Then it happened. 
She flinched mightily, shrinking back until she had sunk in on herself, curling herself into as much of a ball as she could while still staying on the bar stool. 
“I’m sorry—are you okay?” Sean asked quickly, not sure what to do. 
“Excuse me, I—I have to use the restroom.” And she was gone, hurrying away with tears in her eyes.
Sean stared after her. Someone had done a number on that girl. He’d never seen a woman her age look so scared. What the hell had happened in her past to make such a strong woman tear up at a playful punch? Was it parents, or a boyfriend? Whatever it was, it was serious. 
Sean wished he knew her friends. He wanted to know more about this. He wanted to help if he could. She was worth it. Even if he never got that date, she was a good person. She didn’t deserve this baggage, whatever it was.
He wanted the address of this guy. He also realized that he needed to stay the hell away from her. She didn’t need whatever baggage she had, and she certainly didn’t need any of his. And Sean had plenty of his own.
When Krista got back she was under control, but apologetic. Her eyes stayed downcast as she climbed back onto her stool. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have hit you.”
Sean shrugged, slightly uncomfortable. He wanted to joke with her about it. A five-foot-nothing woman of her size hitting him—yeah, she couldn’t hurt him with a baseball bat. But he didn’t think she’d understand joking about it. He played it safe.
“I forgive you.”

~*~*~*~

Krista took a big, steadying breath. The last time she had hit a man playfully it had been Jim. They’d been at his house with no one else home. He’d hit her back. It was on the arm, but she couldn’t wear a short-sleeved shirt for two weeks. The bruise looked like it had been painted on. 
Krista nodded. “Sorry. Anyway, um…”
“I was saying that I learn well. From Ray Man.”
The name had her solemn expression softening. She took another large, cleansing breath. “Right.”
“I started helping him make sales. Then I started making them on my own. Then… I surpassed the teacher.”  
Sean had an incredibly soft expression on his face, but he wasn’t pushing her. He wasn’t asking for her secrets. 
“He wasn’t pissed about that?” She asked thankfully.
 “You’ll see with Ray. His ambition only goes so far. He sells to make a living for his family. He works to live, and lives for his family. I don’t have a family, so I work to live, and live to achieve.”
“Material boy.” 
Sean’s smile was out of the blue. “I still have my passion, it just doesn’t pay the bills.”
“So then, you got a job with our company?”
“Oh, no. No, I worked for two others after the one with Ray. The job directly after I did pretty well. I made Senior Sales Associate all on my own. But the guys I was working with were real salesmen, what everyone thinks of as real salesmen, anyway. They lived for it. They were manifestations of it. They weren’t my kind of guys.”
“Testosterone freaks.”
Sean looked at her in surprise, then leaned back and started laughing. A few other people looked over with smiles.
“Yes. Exactly!”
“But you are plenty testosterone-y. Man’s man and all that.” 
“I can be when I need to be, yes. I mean, I’m not effeminate or anything. Opposite of that. I like being a man and all that, but...a different sort, I guess you’d say? Not sure how to explain.”
Was he flustered? Krista grinned, back onto the path of comfortable. She’d have nightmares, though. Whenever she had a flashback like that, she had nightmares. But Sean was making the moment easy. He wasn’t asking questions to fill his curiosity, and he wasn’t smothering her. He was cautious, she could read that, but he was floating beside her, keeping her relaxed. It helped so much she wanted to break down all over again.
He noticed her grin and said quietly, “Shut up.”
She laughed then. She couldn’t help it. Straight men hated saying anything that even remotely made them sound gay. Bunch of dummies. 
 “I got it. Go on.” 
“O-kay. Well, I moved on again--a different company with a higher pay bracket. I realized at this time that not only did I like making money, and want to climb higher--because, after all, what else am I working for besides money, right?”
“Correct, sir. Money makes the world turn, n’ all that.”
“Uh, yes. Well, there was an opening so I let Ray know about it. Ray applied for it because it was more money than he was making without a lot more responsibility, or hours. He got it with some help from me. We worked on a couple projects together and I realized we made a dynamic team. Plus, it was good to work with someone who was more my speed.”
“You always share a higher level of trust with someone who pops your cherry.”
Sean choked into his beer. “What?”
“Your sales cherry. Your mentor. You trust him—I get it.”
“Good Christ, Krista—and you were worried about me being too sexual?”
“No, I was worried about you being sexually cajoling. Nothing about sex in general. I’m not a prude.”
Sean’s pupils dilated as they held hers. “Right,” Sean said quickly, looking away. “Anyway, we learned to be the best sales team in the company. I moved up the ladder, he moved up with me. I moved to this company, made my way and gained my stripes, and just recently brought him with me.”
“So ... you are the young, hot-headed hell raiser. The guy who gets his man regardless of the obstacles. Ray is the level-headed father figure who keeps you in line, but in the end helps you get your guy?”
“This isn’t a police show, Marshall,” Sean laughed in his rich baritone. “But kind of, yes. The people I can’t reach, he usually can.”
“Good cop, bad cop. Okay, I get that. Why is that a secret?”
“It is a secret because I am not nearly as good without him. He is my crutch, plain and simple.”
“I don’t think that’s true at all, but I do think he is the one who makes the work less dismal.”
“You are perceptive.”
“As Helen Keller, yeah. I have my moments.”
Krista’s phone beeped with a text message. Being a solid member of the technology social network, she dove into her bag to see who it was. As soon as she saw the name she threw her phone back with a hair too much force.
“Not looking forward to that text?” Sean asked casually. 
She rolled her eyes. “Okay, remember when I was ranting about that speed dating thing?”
“The whole company remembers it, but go on.”
“What do you mean?”
“You scared Cindy out of the room. Did you not think she would tell everyone?”
Krista got a distant look in her eyes as she remembered back. “Oh yeah. Well, to hell with her. She’s a bitch. She single-handedly made Joanna qui—um…“
Joanna had been the girl Sean took home from the Christmas party. At least, that had been the rumor.
“I know what she did to Joanna. I also know you didn’t join in on that.”
“Uh…”
“I didn’t sleep with her. It isn’t gentlemanly of me to say it, but we both tried to set the record straight, so I don’t think she would mind. You were never in the gossip circles, so you never got to hear.”
“Uh…” Krista had no right to that information. She couldn’t even verify it, because Joanna got the hell outta Dodge when everyone came down on her. Plus, if that was true, then for that one time Sean did the right thing, there were a great many he didn’t. Krista had personally witnessed the morning after, and personally heard a chick or two crying in the bathroom. It didn’t change anything.
Sean was staring at her, though, awaiting confirmation. Like a dog that sat on command, he wanted to know his good work was noticed. That ego of his—it was out of this world.
“Well, that’s something,” she said unconcernedly. Sean went back to his beer. “Anywho, be that as it may, Cindy is a bitch.”
Sean nodded.
“Anyway—oh man, she told everyone I went speed dating?”
“Yup.”
“Said I couldn’t get a man the traditional way so I had to do it the new age way, or something stupid like that, right?”
“In so many words, yes. How did you know?” Sean looked at her suspiciously.
“I was in high school, Sean. This is classic girl clique crap. Oh man, if I wanted to, I could totally—yeah, I’m going to. Wait, no I can’t—WAIT! I can!” Krista was definitely buzzed now. And riled up.
Instead of telling her to quiet down, or shut up, as Kate and Jaz might, Sean had that bemused expression again.
“Sorry,” she whispered. “I just really want to take that bitch to the cleaners. I only have one friend, though. Tommy. He’s shit for this kind of thing.”
“Wait until Marcus befriends you. You’ll have a lot more options.”
“Marcus?—Oh, that hot guy on our team?”
“Uh…the…” 
“Just say yes. You know he’s hot.”
“I will not be admitting it.”
“Whatever. He’s a gossip, is he?”
“The biggest.”
“Hmmm. Okay. Operation Cindy-is-going-down is in the works.”
“She’s had rumors spread about her before, you know,” Sean warned. “She wasn’t the one who came out on bottom.”
“She never went up against the Prom Queen, now did she? I know my way around girl-reputation-espionage. Not happily—I regret most of it, but she deserves it.”
“True. So about speed dating.”
“Oh right. So yeah …” Krista told him about meeting Paul and how he got her number. They’d gone out about a week after, to a movie and dinner. Since then, they’d kept up the dating game, trying to get to know each other. She wanted to fall in love and get over her trust issues and fears. Paul was a steady, safe approach to that dream, and she wanted it to work out.
“And this Ben is …”
“My roommate.”
“Who helped you with the presentation?”
“One track mind, jeez. Also correct.”
“Well, then the dates must have been okay.”
Krista hesitated. Sean wanted the dirt. He wanted her personal dating history. Krista could understand why—who didn’t want gossip?—but she didn’t want to share her personal life with this man. He was too close as it was. 
On that note, Krista decided it was probably time to call it a day. All she was going to do was get drunker and start revealing things she would rather not have a work person know. What’s worse, this road would lead her to the ex-boyfriend. For the second time. That was a scab she didn’t want picked. 
She finished her beer and shook her head when the bartender walked by. Sean followed suit. Apparently he was just as eager to leave his personal life out of his work life. Good news.
They waited for the bill with various forms of small talk, neither wanting to divulge too much classified information, but having a hard time thinking of anything else. When the bill came, and before Krista could reach for it, Sean had his credit card down and was pushing it toward the end of the bar.
“You don’t need to cover the whole thing,” she said, reaching the now-great distance over his large arm to recover the check.
Sean shook his head and put his hand slowly, and hesitantly, on her shoulder to stop her reach. A blaze of warmth flashed into her arm from his soft touch. The heat turned into liquid fire as it raced through her veins. She felt a rush--like she was awake for the first time in a long time. The clouds parted and spring flowers bloomed. She made an “Oh!” sound as she turned to him, expecting him to be as mystified as she was. 
He was smiling at her with perfect composure, his gorgeous features alight in good humor.  His body was at ease on the bar stool, drawing looks from all the women in line of sight. His effortless beauty radiated his strong body in repose. Krista wanted to run her hand up his shoulder and feel more of the molten heat. She wanted skin contact. Intimate skin contact in which to explore that feeling.
Seeing her frazzled, searching look, Sean’s brow furrowed. “What’s wrong? You okay?”  
“Kate is going to be so pissed at me.”
“For what?” Sean glanced around the bar, trying to identify the problem.
“What? Doesn’t matter. Uh, but I can pay for half of that.”
“Do you drink much?” Sean asked as the check was whisked away. 
She watched it go, aware Sean was watching her quizzically. She turned to him. “Do you ever get the feeling that the cosmos is playing one giant joke on you?”
The quizzical look continued its path into baffled. 
“I can usually hold my liquor, yes. Just—I don’t know. No excuse for me.”
“I take it this is not the embarrassing moment I should keep to myself?”
“This? Oh God no. No, this is normal embarrassing behavior. Were you even there for my first week?”
Sean sniffed, because yes, he certainly was, “Got it.” 
The check came back and Sean signed for it and gracefully got off the stool. He looked untouched by the Guinness.
Krista slid off haphazardly. Her toe got stuck in the leg of the stool and she stumbled into the bar. She caught and steadied herself, keeping clear of Sean’s attempt to help. “Seriously—I got it.”
He smiled, his eyes turning an intoxicating violet in the failing light. He obviously wasn’t convinced. 
“Can you get home okay?” he asked as he held the door open for her to leave the bar. 
“Oh, thank you,” she said as she went through. “How old are you?” she blurted.
“Why? Doing a profile on me or something?”
“Yeah, right. No, I was just thinking that guys my age don’t hold doors open, then wondering if you are perhaps not my age, which would still prove me right.”
“You always like to be right.”
“Yes. So I am twenty-five. Are you my age,,,uh…ish?”
“I am old enough to know to hold a door open for a lady. But then, I saw a twelve-year-old doing it last week, so that doesn’t mean much.”
“Well… okay. Regardless, no, I don’t need help. Yes, I mean, I’ll be okay to get home.” She realized too late that he didn’t offer to help. Also that she sounded ridiculous.
“Do you take BART?” he asked, less than convinced she was okay by herself.
“No, freaking Muni. The dredges of the transportation world.”
They walked in silence for a minute, both heading toward the train station. 
“Where are you headed?” she asked him.
“I need to send an email or two before I shut down for the day.”
“Uh, but...” It dawned on her that he was walking her to the train station to make sure she got there all right. He had the manners of a gentleman from the 1800s rather than a skirt-chaser in his late twenties. She said as much.
He laughed in that carefree way of his. “My mother always said, ‘You can only get respect if you show respect.’”
“Yes but, it seems as though you aren’t respecting my ability to get home okay.”
“It does seem that way, yes. However, showing ladies respect is making sure they get where they are going safely.”
“That seems like a stretch.”
“Okay, how about I enjoy your company and don’t want to part with you quite yet?”
“Nope. Still not buyin’ it.”
“Tough sell. Okay you got me—I have a feeling that if I weren’t here, you’d end up flat on your face in the gutter, and I would have to find a new Marketing Researcher to work on my team. His name might be Larry.”
“Oh man! Not that guy! He stinks. But yeah, that sounds more like it.” 
They reached the train station.
“I made it,” she informed him with a smile.
He couldn’t help but stand mystified at her for some reason. Then he sported a goofy smile.
Finally, he nodded.  “Thank God for me, huh?” 
Sean winked and turned to walk back toward the office. “Oh, and remember to stop by my office tomorrow morning,” he yelled over his shoulder.
“What no ‘please’?”
“Don’t deserve it,” he called. 
Krista could hear the smile in his voice. She watched him walk away for a minute, admiring his carefree saunter with his long, graceful steps. Then she turned to go home.

~*~*~*~

Sean walked into his house and paused. It suddenly felt empty. He put his stuff on the counter, as he usually did, and headed for the fridge. Cold beer in hand, the next place of interest was the couch and the sports channel.
He couldn’t get his impromptu late afternoon lunch out of his head.
Krista was so laid back. So down-to-earth. She was calm and normal, but unique. She was interesting and intelligent. The things that whirled around in that head of hers had him mystified half the time. Despite that, she challenged him in a fun way. Coaxed him to step out of his business suit and laugh about the small things. It was refreshing.
She was so out of his league. 
As the images flicked through the TV screen, Sean couldn’t help but feel the quiet of the house descend. It wasn’t a giant residence, three bedroom, but for one guy who tried to never be home, it was too big. Too much empty space. 
As he always did when he got twinges of loneliness, he reached for his phone. Then he hesitated. He wasn’t in the mood for a booty call. He had a few women to choose from, all eager and willing, but they were dense and unsatisfying in every way. All they were good for was a warm body, and that wasn’t good enough. At least not tonight.
Putting the phone down, he settled more firmly on the couch, a strange melancholy overcoming him. Drowning him.




Chapter Eleven

The next morning Krista was refreshed and energized. She barely noticed the pulsing white blanket of thick San Francisco fog. The clunky, dismembered train and its hard seats didn’t get her down, either. Even her newly coiffed hair immediately frizzing didn’t bother her in the least. She was flying today!
She’d been seeing Paul over the last few months. They’d been going strong with dates and hanging out now and again. It was a slow, mild way back into dating and trust. Paul was nice, no two ways about it. He wasn’t prone to outbursts of anger, he always thought of her first—well, often he thought of her first—and he listened when she spoke. 
Krista had really tried to get out of her own way, quit second-guessing the reasons he was being sweet, and give in. She wanted to love him. She wanted to make it a thing with him. The problem was that, while he was certainly attractive, she was having a hard time with chemistry. They could talk and laugh, but…there was something missing. Thinking it was her fault, she talked to him about it, giving him a rundown of her current emotional state and difficulty trusting. 
He said he was content to be a booty call. Krista couldn’t tell if he was joking, which was a bit unsettling because that wasn’t really what she was after…
Regardless, last night she’d had to work out some lust issues, and they totally went for it. She came hard and fast. So did Paul.
When her alarm started singing at the usual time, she gave it a tap and was up to start her day. Thank goodness for sex and small miracles. 
She walked in the building with a bounce in her step and a jingle in her jangle. She felt great. She was excited to start the day with a new assignment—hopefully that gave her plenty to do. 
She needed to see Sean but she also needed coffee. Being that it was his usual time for the break room, she headed there first. He wasn’t there, but a mystified Cindy was. She apparently didn’t understand why she was getting a smiling hello. By the “sniffing-shit” look on her ugly mug, she didn’t trust Krista’s good mood.
As well she shouldn’t. 
As soon as Krista could, she planned on befriending Marcus and figuring out a way to get Cindy back for being such a fat cow. Now, however, she had more pressing things to think about.
 Like a new opportunity!
Sean was at his desk with his perfect suit in place, his perfect hair just slightly disheveled, and a pair of perfect bags under his eyes. That was about when the record needle screeched off its perfect track. 
On closer inspection, it looked like a ghost haunted him. He had a five-o’clock shadow and a wildness about his eyes that wasn’t there yesterday. 
Krista gingerly knocked on the partially open door.
 He looked up. 
Krista was struck by a blast of unresolved desperation. It looked like something was eating away at him. His workload, which was currently stacked on all available space on his desk, probably had something to do with it.
“Hey Krista, how they hangin’?” Sean asked as he shuffled some papers and sat back tiredly. 
Did he think she was his new buddy from the gym or something? 
She figured if he wanted to paint her with a pair of balls, she would play it up like they were magnificent balls indeed.  “Hi-ya Sean. They’re hangin’ low, down to the flo’.” 
“What’s up?” He didn’t even give her a smirk. She wondered if his boss shat on his desk last night. Clean up would put anyone in a bad mood.
“Well, O-Captain-my-Captain, you said to report to you first thing in the morning. Here I am.”
“Oh right. Yes, please follow me.” Sean got up, waited distractedly for her to get up, and gestured for her to lead him out of the office. Once out, he took over the leadership role and headed up two floors, and then to the right. He stopped in front of an office about the size of the one he currently occupied. It had a new, ornate desk, two chairs in front of it, and a plush leather chair behind. There was a plant in the corner, two file cabinets, and one window to look out onto the floor. 
Krista looked around confusedly. Sean waited patiently, looking the office over. A computer was already set up with two flat screen monitors and newish office supplies, all arranged on the desk, waiting to be used.
“Umm, what’s happening?” Krista asked, staring at the shiny surface of the desk. She had expected to sign some papers. Or maybe get her assignment with the promotion and raise to follow later. What she saw was a deserted office.
Sean looked at her in a dazed sort of way. She could see the tiredness draining his energy. 
“There wasn’t anything suitable near your department. With enough privacy. John wants what we do kept in the strictest of confidence.” 
“But…wait…are you trying to say I get to work here?” She turned to him suddenly, making him back up. “Do I get an office? Are you saying I get an office? Do I get to work here? With a door? Sean, tell me you are kidding. Tell me right now that you are kidding or else I might try to click my heels!”
Despite Sean’s attempt to be grumpy, a twinkle infused his troubled eyes and the corner of his lips lifted. “Yes. Will it work?” 
“Oh my god! Yes!” She gushed. With a ten-gallon smile, she nearly threw herself at him for a hug just as big. Obviously, she refrained. Randomly hugging bosses was probably not the model of professional behavior. 
“Yay! Thank you!” She moved through the office as if she was born to it. Behind her desk, she sat in her new seat. It was cush, just like Sean’s. 
“Did you hear that?” she asked, bobbing in the chair a little.
Sean’s brow furrowed and he looked around. “What’s that? Something wrong?” His tired eyes turned back to her.
“Listen.” She couldn’t help her goofy smile as she crouched halfway out of her chair, put her hands out to the side elegantly, and sat down again with the cush.
“Oh, man. This chair is so nice!” She swiveled like a five-year-old as she checked out her surroundings. Sean, perking up at her pleasure, fully entered the office and sat in the visitor chair with a lopsided grin.
“So it works?”
“Does it work? Wait—“Krista jumped up, ran to the door, and closed it. “I have a door, Sean! An office and a door! Does it work—what a dumb question! Definitely!”
He regarded her for a moment longer. She gazed back with a beaming smile, waiting for her good mood to seep into his tired and cranky visage. Instead, as he took her in, his brow knit and he became distracted.
“All right,” he smoothed his trousers over his knees. “I will be moving up here eventually as well. They’re making a corner office ready for me. For now, I’ll stay put. Good?”
“Aye, aye, Captain.”
“Great,” he got up and made ready to leave. “Anything else?” 
“Um, well, what am I supposed to work on? And do I take orders directly from you, or does Mr. Montgomery still dictate my time? I don’t have to deal with Dan crop dusting me anymore!”
Sean’s mental path visibly stuttered. Halfway through whatever he planned to say, he paused with a wrinkled nose. “Crop dusting?”
Krista, swiveling in her chair, had her eyes on the comfortable arm rests when she answered. “Yeah, you know, walking by while farting. Office crop dusting they call it.” She glanced up. Seeing his look of hopeless confusion, she explained, “You know, when people walk through the office while letting out a silent but deadly one? They spread it out so no one knows who did it…” She raised her eyebrows, mostly unbelieving he didn’t know of this practice.
A weird, lopsided grin crawled up the right side of his face while his eyebrows were doing floppy, funny things. She had a feeling he couldn’t believe someone could be as outlandish as she was. The guy needed to get out more!
“Well,” she continued, unperturbed, “that’s what Dan always did. When he had particularly bad gas days, he’d do walk-throughs and sorta…sprinkle the fart. Crop dusting! I don’t have to hear him fart anymore! Oh, this is the best day!”
Sean couldn’t help but chuckle. Sobering once again, he said, “You have a list in your email of what I would like you to work on. As for bosses…well, James is technically your boss. For now I am your Team Leader. You listen to me, do as I do, work on what I say, and we land our guy. After that the sales team will return you, hopefully unharmed, to Mr. Montgomery.”
The gorgeous smirk was there, but his eyes were still distracted and haunted. Dude needed to get some sleep. Maybe he kept on drinking. Hangovers had a way of making even the most gorgeous people look ugly. Well, in his case, maybe not ugly, but definitely not as hot.
“You okay?” she almost regretted asking. One lunch didn’t make them friends. In fact, if they were magnets, the sides pointed at each other at the moment would’ve had a repelling effect. There was too much attraction there for it to be any other way.
Still, he was obviously struggling.
He looked at her intently, deciding if he would share his troubles, or not. After a moment, he chose not. “No, I’m good. Didn’t sleep as well as I could’ve.”
Krista nodded in sympathy. She hated those nights. Well, actually, she loved those nights because they were usually drunken bouts of fun. It was the mornings she hated something fierce.
He nodded once and was off.
As Krista looked around her office, one thing was immediately clear: working for Sean had its perks. So far, it was definitely worth the sexual frustration. Especially with their new deal. Hopefully it stayed that way.
As promised, there was an email from Sean in her inbox. 

Dear Krista,

Please see attached. Start working on the material requested ASAP. If you have any questions, please come to me or Ray immediately. I will be contacting you in the future to arrange a meeting with your findings. Until that time, please assume that you are to continue gathering information. More is better than less.
Welcome to the team.

Regards,
Sean McAdams 

Okay.
She opened the attachment. She was greeted with a Word document filled with numbered informational needs. The page was full. There weren’t that many numbers—six in all, but each piece of information requested had about five sub-pieces. It was madness!
Before she decided to be overwhelmed, she looked at number one. One step at a time. Usually it was a lot easier, went a lot faster, when a girl just started at the beginning and soldiered through it. There was no need to feel like she couldn’t do the job.
Not yet.
She was to pull all the information on jewelry from the company’s database. She was to print out and put together everything—everything was specified—she could possibly find. And organize it for Sean and Ray’s viewing pleasure. In addition to organized, it should be user-friendly, meaning no overbearing math stuff. 
Just to see what she was up against, she did a quick, broad search. It yielded a crap load of information. Seriously, a crap load!
“Feck.” Moving on.
Next she was to deduce trends influenced by fashion, economy, social status, global influences, and anything else she could possibly think of. Within each trend she needed markets and demographics by region, by world economy, by freakin’ Popeye’s treasure map if it was available.
Next was the list of visual aids. A graph was the least of her worries in this section. She was told to get creative, and above all, make it look aesthetically pleasing to people who were not math geeks. He actually said “math geeks” too. 
Ass…
“Okay, sure.” Next!
After she got all that information from the system, she was to head to the library. She needed anything new that might’ve been overlooked in the past. She was to ferret out trends within trends that might have been marketing-inspired. 
Basically, she was to have the largest, best organized mountain of information in all eternity solely focused on jewelry.
Then…
Then she was to refine everything by sapphires, blue and black. Quality, size, what type of jewelry—everything down to what type of store sold it to what type of person. 
That was all number one.
Krista took a big, lung-filling, solid breath. She read the list again.
Took out a tab of paper to scrawl down some notes and a plan of attack.
Got overwhelmed. 
In that order…
And then, to stop herself from crying in frustration—which was a huge flaw of hers—she glanced up with the intent at swearing into the open space, and noticed a looming, male figure over her.
“Ay!”
After her heart rate slowed she realized that the looming figure was merely leaning against the door jamb, and was now laughing at her for yelling at him in surprise.
It was Jacob.
She almost yelled again.
“I came to check in on your setup,” Jacob said, strolling into the office.
“Oh,” she’d just found a drawback to the office. “It’s great. I haven’t been here long, but I can log in and everything.”
“Great,” he sat in a visitor chair.
 “I was just reading a list from Sean McAdams about the freaking mountain of work he expects me to do right out of the gate!”
A.K.A. Get out.
“I heard he expects a great deal when he works with someone. Everyone’s a bit surprised he picked you—you being so inexperienced and all—“
She needed to nip that in the bud right quick.
“And I’m sure there are plenty of rumors as to why he picked me, me being so young and inexperienced. I’d expect that from the gossiping Golden Girls of this company, but you, Jacob?” Krista gave her best conspiratorial smile and huffed as she shook her head. Hopefully he would take the bait.
He did.
“Of course they would say that, yes. You have to expect that sort of thing from a bunch of deadbeat old women, don’t you?”
Krista just shook her head in dismay as she looked back at her email.
Look at how busy I am, Jacob. Too busy for the likes of you!
“I saw that report you cataloged, though,” Jacob went on. “I head all of IT, of course, so I make sure the catalogers are doing their job. Yeah, that was quality stuff. All original design. Looks like you got a leg up on the rest of those Research yuppies.”
“Well, I don’t know about that, but since they were all working on Dell, I was the obvious one for the job.”
“Don’t trust that McAdams, though. He has a reputation…”
So do you.
“I haven’t yet. I don’t intend to start now.” 
Jacob laughed, “Yeah, you’re a smart one, alright. What are you doing after work?”
She needed to tread lightly here. She didn’t need a stalker. “Oh, my boyfriend is taking me out to dinner.”
“Oh? Oh right. I was going to say we should go for drinks …”
“I can ask if he wants to do that first?” She gave a completely fake, hopeful smile.
Jacob waved it away. “Ah no, that’s alright. Next time. Anyway—I’ll be off.” 
Krista bobbed her head, “Alright. Thanks for stopping by. See ya.”
She waited until Jacob was out of sight before she sighed in relief. That was nearly tragic. 
She looked back at the list, at her notes, then sat back and pushed away the adrenaline that always came when she realized what she was facing was way over her head. She let her brain clear. 
I can do this.
Sean was not kidding when he said he was going to give her a crap load of work. But this…this was a bit ridiculous. 
Well, she’d asked for a challenge, and he was giving it to her. He apparently thought she could do it. No one else in the company did. She intended to prove him right.
She ignored everything past the first number. She figured it would just sink her dinghy, which was currently barely floating anyway. She had to get underway with the first requirement before she looked on.
“Okay, here we go.”
She got another cup of coffee, loaded it with creamer, ignored the gossip in the break room as she did so, and started to row in her cushy office chair. Her paddles were search engines, her boat was her new office, and the churning seas were vast quantities of data she couldn’t believe she would ever be able to tame.
The metaphors were just a means to stall.

That Friday rolled around in a numerical fog. Krista had been working long hours, eating lunch while staring at her computer or on the way to the library, and finally, finally making some real progress. Because of that, she felt like she could leave mostly on time without feeling guilty, having used all her resources in efficiency to really chew out a chunk of the list she was given.
She wondered, not for the first time, how everyone else was faring.
The girls had selected a new bar for that week’s Happy Hour. It was only two blocks away so they would barely notice that she was a tiny bit late. She walked in and spotted them immediately. It was the loud F-bomb that gave them away, of course. A couple tourists with San Francisco sweaters, large cameras and red knees smirked. 
Krista headed over and climbed up onto a stool, looking for the bartender immediately.
“What the fuck took you so long?” Kate asked.
“Worked a bit over.”
“This whole week you’ve been working your ass off. What gives?” 
Krista ordered a Guinness. She was curious to see if it was as good as that place on Monday. Krista had almost suggested they go there, but she was afraid she’d see Sean, so she didn’t bother.
“It’s the penance for the promotion. More pay, an office—yay—but also a crap load more work.” 
Krista hadn’t asked about the money, because she was an amateur, but luckily Sean was a man of his word. She got about a ten percent increase. Then did a happy dance in her new office!
“Yeah, so…I was right, then.” Kate laughed.
“Exactly.”
“Seriously, Krista, you just missed the hottest guy,” Jasmine said. “He was all business and serious or whatever, not our type obviously, but God-damned good looking. I bet he could beat out your office guy.”
“I agree,” Kate said. Her tone changed. “He was with this cute broad, though.”
“So? Doesn’t hurt to stare,” Jasmine retorted.
“Speaking of hot guys, whatever happened with that hot guy that fucked you over?” Kate asked as she sipped her fruity cocktail.
“Do you never pay attention when I talk to you?” Krista said, mentally dodging Kate’s F-bombs. “He’s the reason for the pay raise and new office, remember?”
“Oooooooh, yeah.”
 “Definitely not,” Krista replied, taking a sip of her Guinness. It wasn’t nearly as good as the one in the other place. Apparently it was necessary to pick and choose where to drink the Guinness. If it wasn’t poured enough it ended up tasting like burnt ass.
“What about Paul?” Jasmine asked while looking around the bar.
“Yeah, hey! Why do you never mention him?” Kate asked in confusion. “It seems like we always have to ask. Which we then forget about. Which then makes him slip through the cracks…”
Krista shrugged, “Saw him earlier in the week. I had ‘the talk’ with him.”
“What kinda tawk, dawlin?” Kate asked in some kind of New York accent.
“The same one as the last time. ‘I just want to keep it light and easy’ kind of talk. I definitely like him more, it’s just…”
Krista blew out a frustrated breath.
“Someone always winds up at the bottom of the shit heap with those types of things. Just be careful, you know?” Kate commented.
“Yeah,” Jasmine intoned, “someone always falls. Always. Usually the gal.”
“I thought Paul was the one getting a bit too serious,” Krista replied. “I’m just not quite there yet.”
“Well, he was always the chick in that affair anyway.” Jasmine shrugged as if that was common knowledge.
“Doesn’t matta, dawlin--”
“Enough with that damn accent. You suck!” Jasmine gave Kate a little shove.
“--someone’s always gonna fawl.” Kate never really listened.
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” Krista said, “It seems—”
“Krista…”
Krista jerked ramrod straight. Cold water trickled down her spine at the same time her sexy-systems started to purr. She turned slowly, noticing Jasmine staring with wide eyes.
There stood Sean, suit jacket taken off revealing a white dress shirt. His tie was removed and his collar loose, allowing his shoulders and arms to be on display. And the pecs…
Krista involuntarily gulped, “Hi Sean.”
Sean regarded Krista for a beat, then looked past her to Kate and Jasmine. When his eyes returned to her, he was clearly asking to be introduced.
 I don’t wanna, would probably sound lame.
“Sean, this is Kate,” Krista motioned to her friend, currently frozen with her glass halfway to her mouth. “And Jasmine.” Who still had wide eyes. “Girls, we aren’t playing freeze tag. Also, this is Sean, my current…uh, kinda-boss.”
Sean smiled his most charming smile, causing Jasmine to blink. “It’s nice to meet you ladies. I’ve heard a lot about you. Jasmine,” she blinked again, “I believe you do a Thump-Bird I have been wondering about.”
“Why are you here?” Krista asked, ignoring her friends, who were currently making asses of themselves. And her.
Sean leaned against the bar. It was clear he wanted to sit down. It was also clear he would wait to be invited. Call her rude, but Krista did not want to invite him. She didn’t need work and social life intermingling. Not with this guy.
“I just finished a meeting,” he replied. “I was about to leave when I saw you.”
“Oh, a work meeting,” Kate unfroze. It was clear she thought it was a different kind of meeting.
A brief look of surprise flitted across Sean’s face. He straightened up slightly—he no longer wanted to hang around, it seemed. 
“Yes,” he said easily, turning his focus back to Krista. “How is the office? Have you settled in?” 
Krista relaxed. Talking about work was fine. That was common ground. 
“My chair has my butt print in it,” she laughed. “You weren’t kidding when you said I’d be busy.”
“Have you made any headway?”
Krista sighed, her mind drifting back to the lengthy list sitting on her desk. With her mind distracted and overwhelmed, she missed the mouth-made sound of a helicopter crossed with a pair of giant wings.
She didn’t miss the feeling of getting flicked in the head by Jasmine.
“Damn it, Jaz!” Krista yelled, ducking to avoid further Thump-Birds and rubbing the sore spot on the side of her head. “I’m talking to my freaking boss!”
Sean was laughing. He had one hand braced on the bar, the other clutching his chest. The girls were back to staring.
To Jasmine he said, “It’s okay, I’m not really her boss. But thank you for the demonstration.”
“I told her to stop that sighing,” Jasmine said, coming back to reality. Star-struck never lasted long with those girls.
“Anyway,” Krista said, giving Jasmine a dirty look. “I am working on it. You want a lot of info, so it’ll take time.”
Sean was still smiling. “You have time. Doing a good job is most important, so take the time you need to be thorough. Just let me know if you get overwhelmed.”
“If she gets overwhelmed?” Kate said, laughing. “Just look at her. If she gets any more wound up, she’ll go suicide bomber on you.”
“Don’t embarrass me, Kate.”
Sean dropped the fun and honed in on Krista with his business look. Jasmine gave an “oh my” as he said, “Don’t panic, Krista. We have plenty of time. We are in a marathon on this one, not a sprint. I’m not looking for miracles. If you need help with any of it, just let me know and I’ll do whatever I can to help, okay? We’re a team now--we work as a team. Everyone needs to count on everyone else. We won’t let you fall.”
“Good pep talk,” Kate commented, nodding.
“Yeah, it usually works,” Krista answered. She was flushed and embarrassed. As such, she excused herself to the restroom.

~*~*~*~

Sean semi-awkwardly stood in Krista’s wake, trying not to watch the sway of her hips as she strode away. He didn’t want to leave without saying good-bye, but he didn’t want to stay with her two friends. Krista had obviously been talking about him, and it didn’t seem positive. Her friends were loyal; they would take him to the cleaners. It spoke well of all of them, but still.
“Krista is a hard worker,” Kate stated when Krista was out of earshot.
Jasmine nodded.
“We were with her in school,” Kate continued. “She worked best when left alone. Give her a goal and a deadline, and stand back. If you don’t rein her in, she’ll go way beyond your expectations. It sounds like that’s what you’re after.”
“Yeah,” Jasmine said, nodding. “And don’t try to play tough guy with her. She’ll just shrink. Give her constructive criticism in a matter-of-fact way and she’ll work harder. Be pushy and angry, she’ll shut down.”
“Oh yeah,” Kate spoke up again, eyes lit up with memories, “and don’t put her with others unless you want her to take over the whole group. She is the worst kind of overachiever you will ever meet. Seriously. She’ll push everyone else around to make sure she gets an A. Or, you know, whatever the goal is.”
“I hated working with her in groups,” Jasmine declared.
“That’s only because she made you work harder,” Kate reflected, apparently forgetting entirely about Sean.
“Yeah because she made me work harder! I was happy as a B student.”
“I stuck to her butt like glue! She did more work and I still got an A. Win-win!”
“User.”
“Pusher.”
“How am I a pusher?” 
 “What are you girls arguing about?” Krista said, showing up on scene. 
Sean hadn’t seen her approach, what with the bickering going on with her two friends. They were a trip. Fun, down-to-earth, and brazen. 
He caught Krista’s eye as she came around the bar. And held it, trapping her within it. Or being trapped, it was hard to say. “They were just telling me …”
Kate shot Sean a warning look. 
“Oh, giving him cheat sheets to make me work harder?” Krista asked with a smirk, sitting down.
Sean inhaled Krista’s scent; fresh and clean and woman. He loved the way she swished her hair unconsciously when she was nervous. It was one of her biggest tells.
“I have to run,” Sean said, wanting to get away before her friends got out their pitchforks and started chasing him.
“Okay,” Krista said, smiling. “See you Monday.”
Sean nodded, gobbling down that gaze, wanting to stay, or wanting her to go with him. He risked a glance to her two friends, realized either of those options were impossible, said good-bye, and was off.

~*~*~*~

Kate and Jasmine stared after him.
“Steer fucking clear, Krista,” Kate warned. “That one is way, way too good at the game. He plays it in his sleep.”
“Yup.” It was all Krista needed to say.
“But my-oh-my,” Jasmine’s eyes had followed his progress out of the bar, “I get why you keep getting sucked in. He’s hot!” Jasmine said the last word in a sing-song voice.
“Yeah. He’s probably the devil,” Kate reflected somberly.
“Yup.”




Chapter Twelve

By the end of the next week Krista had everything researched, organized, graphed, cataloged, compartmentalized, and stuffed in every nook and cranny she could find. There was a method to her stockpile, but she was worried it would only be decipherable to her. There was nothing for it, though, she had to move on. She had a crap load more work to do and no idea when it was due.
Note to self: in future, ask for a specific deadline.
She had not seen hide nor hair of anyone from her team, which included her handsome and fearless leader. She would’ve liked to know how she was doing so far, but worried he’d tell her she hadn’t done enough, and she had most of the list still to do. 
She had to move on.
Next up on the grudge-list, A.K.A. Number Two, was asking Marcus for new research ideas. She took that to mean new directions in which to get numbers. Or maybe the viability of the new ideas? Sean had been a little vague, which, in his book, meant he thought it obvious. 
Hopefully after meeting Marcus she would find it equally so.
As she walked into the art department, she looked around for Tommy. Since he worked near the entrance, she spotted him immediately and went over. He was hunched over his computer, deep in concentration.
“Hey, Tommy.”
He jumped about a foot. When he saw who it was he sat back and smiled, followed by rubbing his eyes. “Hi, Krista. Haven’t seen you in a while.”
“Yeah, I am a floor up now.”
“I heard. New office!”
“I know!” She giggled happily. “I’m so excited! Been working my ass off, though.”
“You’re not being mistreated are you?” Tommy asked seriously. 
She knew he was talking about Sean, and therefore didn’t mean much of anything besides being hit on or similar, but she didn’t like the way he asked. She didn’t like what those words had meant a couple short years ago. 
“Well,” she said, trying to brush it off, “if you count that I have so much work it is nearly giving me hives, then yes, definitely mistreatment!”
Tommy laughed. “Yeah, I hear McAdams is a grueling boss.”
“You got that right. Speaking of, do you know where Marcus sits? I am now supposed to pick his brain. I think. I’m not really sure.”
She got directions deep into the art department, where not many Research people went. For a reason. As she walked, clutching her pen and paper, she entered into a chaos against which her brain tried to rebel. 
People were everywhere, talking and laughing and yelling. Paper was strewn all over desks of all different colors and sizes. Some desks had paper over their keyboards, crawling up their screens. One person was singing at the top of her lungs. When she finished, three other people clapped. It might as well have been a theater production of “Cats”. Krista wanted to turn around and run.
Keeping composure, barely, she noticed people looking her way. A couple people made eye contact and smiled a welcome, which she returned nervously as she continued to make her way to the back where Marcus sat.
This better not be a joke Tommy thinks is hilarious. Marcus had better be sitting way back here!
As she rounded a makeshift green wall of fake plants, she heard his voice chatting on the phone about the kind of dog food his Lab ate. Krista let the wave of irritation flow past her at his lack of diligence—just because she was an over-achieving work horse didn’t mean everyone else had to be. 
She smoothed over her scowl and replaced it with a half-smile as she neared. The last thing she needed was people to have proof she was a typical Research a-hole.
She got to his desk and noticed the similar state of chaos as the rest of the department. There were pictures strewn about of rings, necklaces and various other pieces of jewelry. The pictures ranged from the early ’60s to present day. There were sapphires mixed in, and she knew this must be the same type of thing she was working on. That at least made her feel better. She knew now that she didn’t get any more work than anyone else on the team. She just worked harder at finishing it.
Marcus saw her and raised his eyebrows in surprise. He finished up his conversation with, “I gotta go, babe, ciao.” 
When he hung up the phone he leaned forward on his desk and smiled a welcome. “Well, if it isn’t our team geek! How are you faring?”
If said with disdain, Krista would’ve immediately taken offense. The way he greeted her, however, was kind and inclusive. It was easy and friendly. Krista relaxed as much as she possibly could through her desperate need to organize his desk.
“Hey Marcus, how are you?”
“I’m great, mama. Good as can be. How are you doing with the tidal wave of work that young stud has dumped on us?”
It suddenly occurred to her that Marcus might be gay. He didn’t affect the gay speech so common in San Francisco, he wasn’t in any way effeminate, and he didn’t have that “swish” of movement that she had seen so frequently among gay men. All the same, her gay-dar went off. It was quiet, but it was there.
She didn’t dare ask. She’d offered to hook someone up once, only to get a mean scowl. Some men were affronted by that question. 
“I am through step one,” Krista shook her head and huffed. He laughed in commissary. 
“So what brings you to the Dark Hub?” He leaned back and gestured around him. This guy was the most relaxed guy she had ever met. Ever! She relaxed that much more, itching to sweep the paper in front of her into a pile. 
“Well, you, sir, are step two.” She lightly brushed a page toward another that looked similar. Obviously they belonged together; she just had to help Marcus see it.
 “Am I?” Marcus said in surprise, easily ignoring her hint. 
She tried to concentrate on him instead of his desk. “You are indeed. I did a bunch of research on everything jewelry, and now I am to report to you about new directions to travel.”
“Well then, I shall whirl you around like Dorothy and send you down the yellow brick road.” He turned to his computer and pulled up some spreadsheets. 
Cue: avalanche.
The next half hour was her taking quick and fierce notes as he rattled on about this market and that niche, this idea and that scheme. He talked with his hands and stared out at distance ideas. It didn’t seem like he intended to be taken seriously, so he was spouting off anything that came to his head, realistic or not.
 “Wouldn’t it be nice to get our little fingers in here and do this?” He’d ask whimsically. 
Krista assumed that meant she was supposed to find out if it was statistically plausible, so she tried to outline that idea as quickly as possible before he went on to the next, “I wish we could…” or “Wouldn’t it be nice…” or “I was thinking…” 
After his creative genius was expired for the first pass, Krista stiffly straightened from her crouch and returned his pen. He looked at her like he forgot she was there.
“Now what do you do, geek girl?” he asked, leaning forward again with a pleasant smile. 
It occurred to her that no one knew what Research did—besides frown and say weird things. 
She smiled. “Now I turn your gum-drop dreams into reality, Prince Marcus.”
He laughed. “What? A sense of humor? No wonder that young stud loves you!” 
An explosion went off in Krista’s mid-section. She squelched it immediately.  The last thing she needed was to get lovesick over a womanizing playboy in front of the biggest gossip in the company. She was not looking for career suicide.
“Well, I’ve always wanted my personal fairy Godmother.” He waved an imaginary magic wand and did something akin to giving her pixie dust. His phone rang during her dusting and he stopped to pick it up with a “Marcus at your service.” 
Krista gratefully took that as her cue to get out of the weird world of overly creative people, and hustled back toward her desk. On the way out she got some odd looks, and realized she had probably mussed her hair while thinking about Marcus’s unreasonable whims. That, or she had ink on her face. Or both. It was a bad habit, but running her fingers through her hair, or holding her chin, made her feel like she was getting the brain juice flowing. She always walked away with a plan and in need of a comb.
Back at her office she put her desk into order, even though it didn’t need it, and then put her notes into some sort of order so she could look them over. She typed them up, adding all the detail she could remember, then stared at the screen. 
Her music was some fast beats, and she thought they might be distracting her, so she changed it to soft sounds. It didn’t help.
The list was worse than Sean’s because it was so abstract. The ideas were just short of genius, but way too deep in the land of creativity for her to turn into something she could research. The barrier was just too high. 
Crap.
An hour later she was still staring at her computer screen. She had shaken her head a couple times, did a couple doodles of ideas that didn’t pan out, but largely she hadn’t so much as changed position. She had no idea how she was going to accomplish this.
But she knew achieving those ideas was the key to their breaking ground and possibly making the marketing hall of fame with whatever elusive client they were chasing. She had to fulfill her end of the Marcus/Krista team. She just wished she was smarter.
Fuck!
In a blind panic, she printed out all the notes and headed home. On the train she continued to stare. Then walking to her house. Then sitting at the table. It was like trying to decipher Sanskrit.
Finally Ben tapped her on the shoulder. She looked up and met a confused expression.
“Are you hurt?” he asked.
“What? Why? What are you talking about?” She looked at her extremities for blood.
“Well, your hair looks like you just woke up, you have ink all over your face, and you might as well be drooling while staring at white paper. This isn’t like you.”
“Oh. I am trying to find a way into the creative genius of a guy at work so I can do some field research on his ideas. His ideas are just so out there that I can’t find a logical basis to take off from.”
Krista was starting to get teary-eyed, which was the first sign of defeat. She hated failure. No, not hated; she was terrified of it. In school she rarely ever got less than an A-. She worked her ass off to make sure she did well. Overachiever didn’t even begin to describe it, it was a complex.
But no matter how hard she worked, every once in a while there was something she just couldn’t grasp. In school it had been woodworking. No matter what she did, she just couldn’t get it. Every time she went to that class she felt like one of the dumb kids. 
For a change of pace, actually, it was the dumb kids from her academic classes who were the ones excelling. The tables were solidly turned. She’d been glad she helped them when they needed it in academics, because when she hit woodworking, her fellow book-smart students all failed miserably where she had mountains of much-needed, reciprocated aid. 
 Ben’s face turned to one of desperation as he saw her close to tears. Like all men she knew, Ben could not handle when a woman cried. He quickly sat down next to her and looked at the paper she was stewing over.
“Hmmm, I don’t know much about marketing, and I know nothing about jewelry, but maybe I can help you bridge the gap between art brain and logic brain?”
“But you have art brain.”
“I’ve learned to work with business types like you. I just imagine I am the most boring, white-and-black person on earth, and try to condense my thoughts appropriately.” He smiled, trying to cheer her up. She really wished it was working.
“What do you mean ‘white-and-black’?”
“Devoid of all gray matter,” Ben said with a mousy smile. 
She really did love this guy. He was so sweet and good. So opposite of her.
“Okay,” she agreed weakly.
“Okay.” Ben pulled his chair closer so they could look at the notes together. “Why don’t you take me through these notes?”
“Well, maybe it would be better if I take you through the notes that actually came from his mouth?”
“Oh yes, that would be much better, yes. The horse’s mouth, as it were.”
Krista pulled her scribbled notes from her handbag and laid them out in front of Ben.
Ben squinted, eyes scanning the pages. “Well, maybe you should read them out loud so we can both look over them?”
“In other words, my writing looks like something a five-year-old would do?”
Ben just smiled encouragingly, which meant that it was exactly what he was thinking but too nice to say.
With their heads together, the two spent the next two hours going over the notes from Marcus, then what Krista thought they meant. It turned out she had it all wrong. From the first word out of Marcus’s mouth, she was not on his wavelength. Her brain was too organized and logical. Marcus was too haphazard and creative.
Ben was the perfect combination of both, thank freaking God! He literally spent two hours saving her ass. She had no idea how she was going to thank him, but she would, and it would be spectacular. Possibly expensive.
The next day she showed up to work early to get started on Marcus’s real ideas; the ideas Ben translated. It was totally doable once she had the decoder ring in place. 
She flew through the company databases and that of the library both. She even took to the streets looking for newspapers, magazines, and sometimes crowd watching for a new take on data collecting. Real stat style!
She needed a TV show about this stuff!
Once she had a good start, she catalogued, organized, graphed and once again stuffed data into nooks and crannies. She kept a stockpile of things that still didn’t make sense, and just chugged away at the new onslaught of data that did.
Finally hitting a roadblock, she headed back down to the land of the Dark Hub. Marcus was at his desk, talking on the phone once again, this time to someone about this new style of shoe that was making a comeback in today’s market. It sounded legit and work-related until he said that that was a perfect reason for him to own a pair. Making a comeback meant he would be the forerunner in fashion!
Half of her wanted to roll her eyes. That was the half that was working. The half that was female, with a life, wanted to listen in. It was a great idea. She might need a pair.
 As before, he saw her and said he would talk to the person on the phone another time. 
“My favorite geek girl! How is it going in the land of Nod?”
“It’s going. Slowly, steadily, but grindingly going.”
“I hear they got you out of that stuffy math hole and put you in your own office?”
Apparently, this marketing genius had been checking up on her. That was probably bad news.
“Yeah. I went from a bunch of anti-social people to no one at all. I’m not sure which is better.”
“On your own, darling, of course. At least now you can sing and talk to yourself in peace.”
The record screeched off the track in her head. Firstly, had she been singing and talking to herself?
Judge’s ruling? Yes, she probably had.
Next question: Was he spying, or was someone else checking up on her? She hadn’t seen Jacob in a while. That was a sobering thought. 
Or was he getting the information from his old Research chums? Which meant she was loud enough that they all heard her at the other end of their department. All good questions. All also very daunting.
Rather than ask about it, she played it cool. No reason to get worked up that her embarrassing little quirk was common knowledge. If she let on that she was disturbed, then she would look guilty or paranoid. Which she was, but that was a secret.
“Definitely, but it was always nice to get a good chorus going. Now I have to carry it all myself!” She feigned being put out. 
Marcus laughed in glee. “Girl, you just bring it down here and I’ll give you a little bass when you need it!” 
Okay, business time; Krista was getting antsy. She still had a mound of work to get to. The problem was, talking shop seemed so taboo when dealing with Marcus that Krista thought she better ease into it with a little “Office Space” humor. 
She really hoped he’d seen the movie, or else this would be more embarrassing than singing to herself… 
“Will do. Say, listen, I need to talk to you about your TPS reports…”
As hoped, Marcus leaned back in his chair and guffawed. He slapped his desk and wiped a fake tear from his eye. “A woman after my own heart. I LOVE that movie. LOVE it. Okay, little Miss Workaholic, what can I do for you?”
“Okay, well I‘ve gone about as far as possible on your ‘wouldn’t it be nice …’ list. I’ve hit a couple snags.”
“Just a couple? Most of the stuff I come up with isn’t even remotely doable. But it’s nice to know you’re trying, math-geek mine.”
“I wouldn’t be a proper Fairy Godmother if I didn’t work the impossible, right? Okay, the thing is that the last couple ideas might be doable, but it’s lost in the translation. I am going to need you to go over it again.”
“No problemo. Only thing is, I spit out new ideas so often that I lose track of the old ones.”
“Just call me a spittoon. Said spittoon knows how to write things down and keep track of them.” She pointedly looked at his paper-strewn desk. He just shrugged. “So I will read back what I have, hopefully spark your mental pistons, and you just let it rip again. Will that work?”
“Yes, ma’am. Fire away!” He actually sounded impressed that this could be done. The guy didn’t write down much, it seemed.
Krista read back her notes exactly as she had written them down, daring to push a couple pieces of paper toward a couple others that were similar. When she’d gotten the idea out, and had found some clear desk, which helped her mental state, Marcus’s eyes lit up with remembrance. 
“Yes!” he said enthusiastically. “That was a good idea. Wouldn’t it be nice if we could do that, but …”
Krista was ready this time. She took notes frantically, trying to catch every last word he spit out that might help the translation factor. They went on to the next idea, then the next. There were four in all, and by the time they reached the fourth she was completely done in.
She straightened painfully from her crouch. 
“No more,” she shook her head and held up her hands. “No more of your insanity. My geek brain can’t handle such an extended tour into your art brain. It gives me a headache.”
Marcus sobered for a moment as he looked up at her. “You’re really working on making these ideas happen, huh?”
Krista’s confusion seeped into her features. Distractedly, she picked up a few stray pens and pencils and put them in a holder. “Uh, yeah. Why? Is that wrong?”
“From what I understand, no. I just haven’t seen it happen before. Your kind doesn’t really communicate well with my kind. Mine can never seem to get our goals across to yours, and yours never seems able to focus our creative direction with your pencils and notepads.”
She straightened the pile of printed pictures at the edge of his desk. “Oh. Well, in truth, I’m not so much ‘my kind’ as the normal gal, but no, I still don’t have the foggiest as to what you’re talking about most of the time. Actually, it all sounds great when I hear it from your mouth, makes perfect sense when you say it, but it just isn’t the kind of thing I can turn into a search and destroy mission, you know? Too much chaos.”
“Then why bother with all the notes if you can’t get the end result?”
“I said it was all Greek to me. Just so happens I have a roommate who speaks art and logic. He is my decoder ring for all this hogwash.” She nodded toward her notes before straightening a framed photograph.
Marcus had his smile back, “Cheater.”
Krista stepped forward slightly with a smile. She helped another couple loose papers find their home as she said, “Cheat to win, Marcus ol’ boy. Cheat to win.”
With that she left the Hub, her mind whirling in confusion. She decided just to cut out early, get some of Ben’s favorite takeout, and offer a bribe for the latest round of much-needed help. 
As she rounded the green wall of plants, she heard, “When did that woman find time to clean my desk? She’s a genie. Julie—this is magical, come look at how clean my desk is!”




Chapter Thirteen

Sean looked up as Ray walked in. “Just got off the phone with Marcus,” he said by way of greeting.
Ray took a seat. “And?” 
Sean leaned back and rubbed his eyes. “It seems our Researcher has been down for her second round of question-answer segments.”
“Oh? She was able to get all the information for the first installment?”
“I don’t know. She hasn’t checked in. I think she’s waiting for me to call a meeting with her. I told her to continue working until I did.”
“She hasn’t checked in?” Ray’s placid face was mildly skeptical. It meant he thought Sean was making a mistake.
Sean held up his hands. “I know what you’re thinking. I am checking in with everyone else who is experienced, why not her?”
Ray didn’t even bother to nod.
“Because her friends say this is how she works best. Also because when she was under James Montgomery, she still churned out incredibly thorough, well-thought-out reports.”
“But that is a lot of information to cover in two weeks.”
“She’s been working late almost every night.”
“Still, Sean. You should probably check in with her. It is a huge gamble on someone of her caliber.”
Sean clenched his jaw. Ray still thought Sean wanted her on the team to get close to her. He had absolutely no faith Krista was above the rest in her job performance. It galled Sean to anger, but he knew better than to show it. Ray had been around a while. He knew what he was talking about. This one time, he was wrong. Sean knew he was wrong, but he had no proof. Not yet. 
“Krista is like a wild fire,” Sean tempered. “Give her a spark, fuel and a lot of open space, and she’ll burn brightly. Give her a chance.”
“You are the one giving her a chance. I am the one saying—moderation. Just check in. See what she’s got so far.”
Sean let the frustration get to him. “I know you mean well, but I know what I’m doing. I trust her. If she had a problem, she would ask. Her asking Marcus, twice, for information—actually breaking through his ideas, from what he is telling me—shows me she’s got it. I’m going to stand back and let her work. If it was about getting her naked, I would check on her constantly.”
Ray flinched back. He wasn’t the type of guy to hear that kind of sentiment. He then shook his head. “You always bet on a sure thing. Bet me she will give you what you’re looking for.”
“$100” Sean said without having to think. “$100 that she gives me what I’m looking for, and you know my expectations are high.”
“Done.”
Sean nodded and looked back at his notes. “She’s working on four of Marcus’s ideas. He says she’s got her roommate helping break them down.”
“Break them down?”
“Apparently she doesn’t understand Marcus enough to know what to research, in so many words. This roommate takes her notes, translates them for her, and she works on the research. He’s the middle man.”
“Sounds like an important asset.”
Sean looked up at Ray. “Yes, he does. If I am not mistaken, he was the genius behind her layout and colors for the presentation.”
Ray held Sean’s eye contact. “I don’t mean to push, but when do you plan to check in on her?”
Sean glanced at his calendar. “Two more weeks. We’ll all meet then. We’ll all go over it together.”
Ray just shook his head. Sean knew what he was thinking: It was a long time to let someone go unchecked. She could be doing anything up there all alone. Or nothing, which was Ray’s worry. But Sean took what her friends said to heart. They knew her best, and they were in complete agreement. He had to start trusting sometime. He’d stay the course. 

~*~*~*~

When Krista got home, Ben was actually there waiting for her. He had her favorite dessert in hand—chocolate lava cake. 
“Ben.”
“Hi Krista.” 
He noticed the takeout. A small smile appeared on his face. “We have dinner and dessert it seems.”
They ate immediately since they were both starved, opening a bottle of wine and watching “The Big Bang Theory” reruns. After they were both sufficiently stuffed, they got to business. 
It seemed Ben had cleaned his room and found a stack of bills. While Krista worked, Ben set to deciphering the latest batch of Marcus gibberish. When they were both done, Krista told him what he would need to spend to cover the bills, and what his new monthly and daily budget needed to be.
“Great, thanks Krista!” He sounded so relieved. Apparently being in debt stressed the poor guy out something awful. She knew how he felt.
“Shall we get some dessert and go over ideas a la Marcus?”
“Let’s.” 
With a mouth full of lava cake, Ben explained what Marcus was probably going for. Krista made further adjustments to the explanation to encompass what was actually doable, which, surprisingly, was quite a lot. When they were done, full, and half drunk, Ben said, “But, and this comes from just working off of these ideas, but what if you merged these two ideas?” He pointed at two numbered items on the list.
“What do you mean?”
“Well, hit this younger market through this program…thing he is talking about here,” Ben stabbed at idea number two, “and let it spill over, or whatever, into this other, older market program … uh … thing. Or vice versa—whichever works best, I guess. That way you can hit two birds with one stone. You know, because the subject matter is the same, right?”
“Huh.” His explanation was a little weird, but she kind of got what he meant. “Er. Yeah, I see. I think. Well, I mean, not really, but I can get data on it.”
They talked for a while longer, drank the rest of the bottle, and then got chased to their individual rooms when Abbey came home with some guy. Krista made sure to put in her earplugs when she went to bed. That woman was the loudest in sex history. It was a wonder that she wasn’t embarrassed by it! For that matter, how could the men stand it?  She would make porn stars roll their eyes!

In her office the next morning she sipped her coffee and looked over the transcribed ideas. She had been avoiding the break room like the plague ever since she walked in and all conversation stopped. It was three women obviously gossiping, and when they didn’t pick up their conversation during her coffee gathering, Krista figured she was the topic du jour.
The other weird thing was that Jacob had left an old coffee pot in her office with a note that said,
We don’t need it anymore. You might use it so you can avoid the Golden Girls. –Jake

She’d sent him an email thanking him profusely, and now only went to the break room to see Tommy, or to get creamer and sugar. Thankfully, the ruse with the boyfriend worked—Jacob hadn’t been bothering her at all. He’d asked her to drinks one other time, but after she’d said she had to check with the other half, he dropped his interest.
Now, in her office, as she sipped her tasty, safe coffee, she tried to pay attention to who was walking around outside the office. She wanted to know who was spying on her…which lasted about as long as it took to hit a snag with Marcus’s rationale, and then she blacked out into the world of numbers and research until she heard a distinct sound. It took her a minute before she stopped and listened, finally realizing that the sound was a knock.
Marcus was standing in the doorway in blue jeans and a navy, form-fitting shirt, laughing at her.
“Geek Girl, you are completely lost in your geek world.”
She sighed and turned her music down, “Was I singing?”
“Yes. Nice voice, actually.” He sat in one of her visitor chairs.
“What’s up?”
“Curiosity brings me.”
“Oh? Well, my favorite flower is the red tulip.”
“Is it? Mine is the sunflower.”
“Hmm, yes. I’m glad we had this chat.”
“Can’t get rid of me that easy, Geek Girl. Did you work out my ideas from yesterday?”
“With help, yes.”
“Who is this magical translator you have?”
“It’s a secret.”
“Why?”
“Because it sounds better than just saying ‘my roommate.’”
“Yes it does. Well, I have some more ideas if you want them.”
“Honestly, no, I don’t. I will write them down, but I need a break from your art ridiculousness for a while. I’m still working on your last set of rabble.”
“Do you think they are doable? That’s what you said, right? You were working out a way to do them?” The hope in Marcus’s voice rang through his words.
“Oh no—don’t go putting words in my mouth. No way. I said I could get information on them. Some of the information is less than strategic, but I am getting everything I can from everywhere I can. It will be up to Sean whether they are doable or not.”
“Ah yes, the young stud. Ball breaker, that one. Like a dog on a bone.”
That was odd—she hadn’t heard a peep. She wondered if they just put her up into a floor with empty offices to die. 
But then, she had incredible focus and a great work ethic. Marcus on the other hand…
“I am still on step two,” Krista continued, “which is you. And if you don’t stop giving me gibberish to unravel then hunt down, I’ll never get to step three.”
“How many steps do you have?”
“Six, I think, but I didn’t read past three. That is about when the aneurism kicked in.”
Marcus laughed, his white teeth flashing in his dark, striking face. The guy was good-looking. Almost a Sean. Taller, though, with a thinner frame, and ten times more style. His style was subtle. Refined. He was not over-the-top trendy, but he always fit in, and always looked good. Either he got the ladies or the guys—she still wasn’t sure of his sexual orientation. He wasn’t the subject of constant gossip, or much gossip at all, actually, which was another vote for gay. The ladies wouldn’t watch his every move if they didn’t have a shot in hell of getting him, or even getting laid.
“Good. I’m glad I’m not the only one,” Marcus said, getting up. “Alright, beautiful, I’ll leave you to your numbers. Don’t be a stranger. The Dark Hub isn’t only there for work!”
“You know, if you fixed that light bulb, it wouldn’t always be so dark.”
“Who said the bulb was broken?” With that, he sauntered off in his lazy lope through the mostly vacant offices. 
Krista vaguely wondered why the company had all this space if they weren’t using it. Certainly they could fit her a million different places. Sean, too, when they finally got around to moving him. Maybe they wanted to fill this floor, and they needed this big, elusive account to do it?
Whatever. Not her problem. The rest of these ideas, however, were.
She turned her music back up and lost herself yet again to the fog of numbers.

The next couple weeks passed quickly. Krista was making great strides on the ideas she got from Marcus. There hadn’t been much of anything in the company databases for them, which she took as a good sign, so she got all her info from the library and out in life. Once done, she reviewed all the original data and did some changes and fixes that made them easier to understand and more accessible to non-Geeks. She even put together a table of contents in case it was needed. It was overkill, but Sean asked for thorough, so he couldn’t really yell at her if she gave it to him.
On Thursday evening she got an email from Sean addressed to everyone on his team. Instead of immediately hitting delete out of pure fear, she opened it. He wanted to see what they’d gotten so far. The day had come. She was not ready for it.
She was desperately scared he would see all her work, get a disappointed look on his handsome face, and tell her she had wasted a month of his time on frivolous research. Or that she completely missed the point of his list. Or that she shouldn’t have been bothering Marcus after all. 
A list of possible reasons she would be fired shot through her head. It also fueled her fire. 
She worked like a demon to get all her things together and glossed up. 
The other was…she’d missed him. Which was bad. But he was funny and fun, witty and intelligent—he was on his way to becoming a friend, and she didn’t realize it until he stopped coming around.
Kate was going to punch her in the mouth really, really hard!  
Turning her attention back to work, she was suddenly overly glad she’d done the table of contents! Otherwise she might have wasted time trying to find her way through all the information again. The bad news was, even with the table of contents, it was still just a stack of papers--well organized papers--but a stack nonetheless. She needed something a little more dynamic. 
Once again, she headed down to Marcus.
The marketing and art department was abuzz. More so than usual. People were smiling but tense, calling off directions across the room. Someone needed some ten stock white something or other. Someone else needed those slides pronto, darling, yesterday! They worked like an anthill after it saw a boot. Complete chaos to the passerby, but probably some hidden rhythm in there somewhere. Being that Krista had heard Dell mentioned a couple times, she figured it must be presentation day.
Krista kept walking as she made her way back to the Dark Hub. As she rounded the wall of plants, she didn’t hear Marcus on the phone for once. This time he was there, quietly sitting in his chair, his nose inches from his computer.
“Hey,” she said as she walked up.
Marcus looked up distractedly. “No more ideas. I gotta get this crap for Sean’s meeting.”
“Yeah I know. I am at the same point. I need to put my stuff into a nice format. A binder isn’t going to cut it.”
Marcus leaned back. It was the first time a small amount of stress showed under his calm exterior. “What kind of format?”
“I was thinking some kind of book?”
“Hmmm.” Marcus bent over a sticky note. He scribbled something then offered it to her. “Take that to Phyllis in Art. She’ll hook you up. Now scoot, I’m a busy little boy.” 
He turned back to his computer as Krista hurried out. Then went straight to Tommy for directions—he wasn’t there.
“Merde!”
“Hey baby cakes, what’d’ya need?” It was some young hipster art person Krista had never seen before. She had black, holey skinny jeans, wild, spiky hair, tattoos everywhere, and bright pink lipstick.
“Uh…Phyllis? In Art?”
“Oh right, sure. You from IT?”
“No, um, Research?”
The girl’s eyes lit up. “Oh wow, Research, huh? You seem normal, though.” She laughed as she led the way. “I heard everyone from Research was a whack-job.”
“They are, but you didn’t hear it from me. I’m working on Sean McAdams’ thing so I was able to get out for a brief time.”
“Oh! You’re Krista Marshall!” The girl looked at her again. “Right. Marcus talks about you all the time. He’s excited to see what you can do. Not often someone from Research works so closely with one of our own!”
“It hasn’t been easy, I can assure you. My brain is wired differently. But we’re making do. I think we have some good stuff.”
“Well cool. I hope to see it some time. There’s Phyllis, right through there…”  She pointed through a doorway into a land of paper and machines.
“Oh great, thanks,” Krista said, not wanting to go through into more chaos. And probably gossip.
She got a pat on the back and laughter as her tour guide wandered away. She seemed friendly. Krista should have gotten her name.
Phyllis had a desk that made up a quad, two people side-by-side, facing the other two. It was hard to decipher whose work was what. Where one desk ended and the other began it was completely covered in a mass of color and art supplies.
As Krista reached the quad, she looked down at the post-it. Marcus had written, “This is Geek Girl. Help her. Luv U. M” 
If she’d any doubt she had been talked about, she didn’t anymore.
Krista walked up slowly to Phyllis’s desk, sticky clutched in her hand like a hall pass. Phyllis was a thirty-something woman with a haircut that looked like she went through a wind storm and cut it without combing it out first. As Krista reached the desk and slowed further, feeling a little like a creep, Phyllis and the three others all looked up. 
Krista froze, like a rabbit in the middle of a wolf pack. “Phyllis?” she asked hesitantly.
“Yeah doll?” 
Even though the two women had never met, they had seen each other around plenty. Phyllis was a regular at the watering hole.
“Uh, hi. Um, Marcus said to talk to you?” She held out the note, seeing the others in the quad craning their necks to try and see what it said. 
“Oh right. ‘Course, yeah. What can I help you with?” 
Before Krista could answer, Phyllis turned to her chums and said, “It’s not often we get a Research person this far into the art department, you know? They’re usually all freaked out that we’ll kidnap’em or somethin’!” 
They all laughed uproariously. Krista chuckled to be part of the group, but was secretly wondering if she would make it out alive. Odds weren’t looking good.
 When the laughter died down, Krista said, “Well, Sean is calling a meeting and I need to get my material looking good. I was thinking--”
“Oh-oo Sean!” one of the quad interrupted. She was a portly girl with a high pony tail and a hooked beak for a nose.
“I know!” Phyllis said with an exaggerated hand movement half circling around her head. “I begged Marcus to get me on that team! Begged him. I’m serious! Bu-egged.”
“I hear Sean picked his own crew.” It was a twenty-something alternative-looking girl with dreads and a sleeve of tattoos. She was loudly chewing and popping her gum. She couldn’t be more irritating if she tried. And if Krista told her that, she would’ve tried. 
“Well, I heard Sean beat out that guy Ray for a promotion at an old company.”  This from a young girl with large glasses, limp, greasy hair and a splatter of freckles. “He’s doing the guy a favor by getting him hired here. Kinda nice of Sean.” 
Phyllis and tattoo girl started laughing at her. 
“Are you still hung up on him?” Phyllis asked. 
“Sean talked to her at the Christmas party last year,” Tattoo girl yelled across the tables, “and she’s been into him ever since!”
“Shut up!” Glasses said. “I just think he gets a bad rap is all. He was a gentleman to me!”
“He was just trying to get in your pants. He ain’t no gentleman,” tattoo girl spat vehemently.
Phyllis got up and waved them away. “C’mon doll. Let’s see what you need.”
As they left the group arguing amongst themselves, Phyllis said, “Jodi went home with him after one of the events. Or wait...” Phyllis stopped walking and tilted her head. “No, I have that wrong.” She started walking again. She put a hand on Krista’s arm to steer her around some crazy-looking machine with a bunch of arms. It looked like something out of a Tim Burton movie. 
“He went home to her house. He was half tossed. She won’t admit it, but she was sober as a judge. I have a feeling she lured him, but that’s neither here nor there. The next morning he apparently got up at the crack of dawn and left. No goodbye or nothing! Not that I completely believe that. I’m sure he said something. He probably had to saw his arm off to leave.” Phyllis laughed, steering Krista around a corner.
“Anyway, she’s hated him ever since. I mean, really, that man could get any girl. Why would he waste his time with her, right?” They turned another corner, getting closer to the mouth of the art department the whole time.
Just as Krista was about to nod, to go with the flow, she realized that question was a trap. Phyllis was stating the obvious, yes, but if Krista agreed she would all but sprint back to tattoo girl—Jodi—and say Krista called her ugly. Also that Sean was too good for her. 
Krista almost inadvertently made her first enemy. No good! Phyllis was a dirty snake.
Instead of taking the bait, Krista said, “Well, it’s never a good thing when a guy leaves really early, that’s for sure. But I haven’t heard anything about it.”
“Well, it was big drama down here! People down here either love him or hate him. Half the floor are trying to bed him, half want nothing to do with him. Guys included, and Sean ain’t gay. Far as I know...” 
“No idea. I’ve really only talked to him about this team thing that Marcus is on.”
Phyllis deflated. Krista wasn’t winning any points with her, for which she was thankful. 
“Okay, doll, what did you have in mind?” 
They stopped in front of some art station. It had different types of paper strewn across all available surface, and teemed with supplies, small machines, and a bunch of crap Krista couldn’t even identify. 
She had a wild impulse to start cleaning. How anyone could work in this mayhem was disturbing.
“Um. Well, I have all this information in stacks of paper and I was wondering if I can put it in a book? Or something.”
“Hmmm. That’s possible, um hum. Why don’t you run and get your stuff and I’ll set the machine up.”
Krista nodded and tore outta there. Her brain was a whirl of how she wanted everything to look. She was at her desk and back in record time, gingerly holding all her stacks to keep them in order. They were in binders, but if she dropped one, or God forbid the whole lot, they burst open… Krista did not need her stuff looking like the desks in the art department. 
As she appeared behind the station, Phyllis gave a small jump. “Didn’t see you comin’!” She twittered as she finished moving things around and flipping switches.
“Okay,” she said, turning to look at Krista’s stuff. “Oh my. You’ve been busy. Okay, let me show you how this works.”
“How—uh, how the machine works?”
“Well, yes. You didn’t think I was going to do it all for you, did you? I got a million things to do!”
“Oh right, of course. Sorry, I just thought someone did this normally. I don’t really know how the art department works.”
She laughed and patted Krista’s shoulder. “Of course not. I’m surprised you haven’t run out screaming by now. Every once in a while a Research person has to spend time in here and they always leave with scowls!”
Crap! She was about to be lumped in with the rest of the stuffy people from her department! 
Thinking quick she said, “Oh, hah hah, it’s not that bad. Big machines, though. Well, we’ll see what happens. I just hope I don’t completely screw the pooch.” She inched forward, trying to look like she was eager to learn. 
Phyllis laughed again, then began going through how to work the machine. She pointed out levers, talked about buttons, gave one example, then patted Krista on the back and walked away. 
Krista stared at the machine for a long moment. She probably should have written something down…
There was only one thing to do. She fished out her phone and dialed without thinking.
“Hello? Krista?” Ben’s voice was a barely contained frenzy.
“Hi Ben, yeah it’s me. Tell me I haven’t interrupted anything.”
“Freaking Muni dumped me off in no-man’s-land and said the bus was out of service. Damn it!” 
Ben saying “freaking” and “damn” meant he was really riled up. It took a lot for that guy to get on edge. But then, Muni could give Mother Theresa something to swear about.
“Do you have a second?”
“I have a million seconds. I have to wait with a bus load of people for the next full bus to come along and try to squeeze onto that bus. I had a seat, too.” He let out an exasperated and enraged sigh. 
“Well then, good timing, as it were.”
“I guess. What’s up?”
“Okay, I am standing in front of some binding machine. Some giant art book machine...thing. It has levers and buttons and I am completely lost. Tell me you have worked on one of these.”
“You are in luck. I worked on a binding machine for a time last year. It was an extra course I dropped halfway through. I thought it would be fun but it turned out just a lot of work. We mostly worked on a printing press, which was neat because--”
“Ben. Focus.”
“Oh right, sorry. Okay, tell me what you are looking at and maybe I can help.”
She did. She tried to tell him as much as she remembered about the levers and buttons. She told him the model and what it looked like. It turned out this machine was a low quality model. Being that he had worked on a top quality model at the expensive art school he went to, he had to dumb himself down to help out, but he knew enough to get her going. He then had to go because a bus was coming and he needed to shove his way on. He didn’t want to be late for his class.
She’d written stuff down that time, but she was about as good at machinery as she had been at wood shop. Not. A. Clue.
She very nearly gave up. The only thing that kept her going, that convinced her that binders wouldn’t cut it, was having a department full of crazy, smirking art people thinking they were better than Research. She’d be damned if some messy-desked morons were gonna show her up!
Plus, she didn’t give two rats about this department’s budget. If they thought leaving someone unattended on their machine was acceptable, then Krista would waste a bunch of their expensive paper without feeling bad.
So there!
She hit some buttons, pulled some levers, and half expected a gum drop to fall out of the chute. Instead, it was a marred piece of purple paper. She gave a couple more tries, almost figured it out, and then decided she might as well give it a try. Sean would have to forgive her.
Plus, she had it all in soft copy—she’d just hand him the flash drive if this all went pear-shaped. 
After an hour and a lot of ruined, expensive paper, she had her first binding done and it looked really good! Totally better than binders! The second binding looked even better, and the third had her owning that machine with a smirk that the art department could draw then frame. 
Suck it!
She worked late into that night, trying to get everything done and looking good. It wasn’t just about the material, it was about presentation. She wanted to wow everyone. She wanted them to realize that she deserved a spot on the team, and even though she didn’t have much experience, she learned fast.
She hoped that’s what she would portray anyway. Otherwise she would hand in a pile of useless, expensive garbage that was overkill in the wrong way. 
That would really, really ruin her day.
 As she made her way out of the dark art department, she noticed a light on from the dark hub. It looked like Marcus was cramming for the meeting tomorrow. At least she wasn’t alone.




Chapter Fourteen

It was Friday morning and a horrid thought struck Krista as she swung her bag under her desk. What if Sean expected me to be through all my steps by now? 
In a panic, she called Marcus.
“Geek girl! All set for the big meeting? I hear even Monica is going to be at this one.”
The loudest sound in the quiet office was her gulping. “That’s what I wanted to ask you about. How far along are you on your list from Sean?”
“Geek girl, are you stressed out? You sound stressed out. Just relax, honey.” He drew out “relax” like the caterpillar in Alice in Wonderland.
“I know, but it’s just that… what if I misunderstood something? And I only got through step two on the list. I mean, we’ve had a month, so I probably should be further along, you know?”
“I think most everyone else is still on the first couple as well, so you have nothing to worry about. We are just doing preliminary stuff. Hell, we don’t even have the account yet. None of this matters yet. Relax.” Again with the caterpillar.
She forgot about the account part. That was certainly true. She let her muscles ease a fraction. 
“Let’s go for a drink, calm you down,” Marcus suggested.
“No way. I need a clear head for all this stuff. Art people think better buzzed, not math people. After maybe.”
“It’s a date. See you at the meeting.”
Click.
Krista took the piece of black plastic away from her ear and looked at it like it was a piece of abstract art. 
Did I just agree to meet up with him?
She had. She had just agreed to meet for drinks with the biggest gossip in the company. Granted, he wasn’t a vindictive A-hole like Cindy, but still, he seemed to know everything about everyone. If he was trying to glean information, drinks were a sure way to do so.
Although, if she made friends with him he might help her sabotage Cindy.
Hmmm, that has possibilities.
She would have to disappoint the girls. No way did she want work and personal life merging yet, if ever.
She spent the next few hours making sure she knew every inch of her material. If there were questions, she needed to be ready with a viable and, most importantly, correct answer. Guessing on her own information would make her look dopey.
When she was ready she stacked all her bound information together and headed to Conference Room B. It was time to meet her doom.
As she walked through the door she saw Judy, the Art Manager, first since she was sitting in the middle of the long, oblong table. Ray was on the other side on the left. Krista was the third person to walk in. 
Deciding that the Marketing department was too close to the Art department in tasks, and she’d had just about enough of Art department people, she sat on the other side of Ray. He had always made her comfortable, except when he was looking at her worriedly, and after hearing Sean talk about him she had a new respect for him. Plus, he wasn’t from the Art department. Enough said.
She put her materials off to the side, away from the rest of the table, in a thick pile. It was a sizable stack. Nearly an entire rainforest went into making the thing. The amount of rivers that got polluted just to make the pages eggshell white was probably suicide-inspiring for Green people. All Krista knew was that she was left to her own devices, and her stuff looked good. She’d deal with earth karma when the time came.
Next in: none other than the relaxed, and currently strolling, Marcus. He might have stayed late, but if he was nervous about last minute jobs, he didn’t show it. All he carried was a few pieces of paper. He was the idea guy, though, so Krista wasn’t alarmed she’d gone way overboard. Not yet.
He scanned the room when he walked in, winked at Ray and gave Krista a smile as he settled next to Judy. It made her feel marginally better…until she saw Sean approach.
In a fog of sudden fear she wouldn’t live up to his expectations, she watched his graceful walk bring him through the glass doors, his large shoulders swaying opposite his purposeful stride. He was wearing a crisp white shirt with the outline of a wife-beater underneath. His dirty blond hair was in a styled messy look that completely set off his strong jaw. He was in a pair of tan Dockers that showed off his shapely thighs.
It had been a month. One month. How the hell had she forgotten how oh-my-God hot this guy was? How was that possible? How did the bastard look so good?
Just…what the hell? What had she done to God that He had to punish her with eye-candy this hot that she couldn’t touch? And why the hell was God so good at holding a grudge?
As he neared the table he glanced around the room and met Krista’s eyes. It was like a candle left unattended in the Art department. Her body ignited fast and hot, tingling heat through her nerves and limbs, spreading from end-to-end as if the paper was sprinkled with gasoline. Her face flushed and her pupils dilated. She wanted to look away but couldn’t.
She also wanted to scale the table and take a running leap onto his body. 
 “Good afternoon, everyone,” Sean said as he pulled his eyes away from Krista and gave everyone else a scan. 
Krista noticed the slight red hue in Sean’s cheeks two seconds before she could see Ray looking at her out of the corner of her eye. It was a quiet glance, but he was trying to read her, and disconcerting her in the process. She sobered immediately.
Krista reeled in her urges as if they were fishing line, strapped on her chastity belt, and finally noticed that Sean had not walked in alone. Not at all. He’d come in, arm brushing arm, with Monica.
Well, if that doesn’t ruin my mood... 
Jealousy reared its ugly head, before she turned away and focused on her material. Sean was off-limits, and Monica was welcome to him. Krista did not need boy-drama at work. In fact, she didn’t need boy-drama ever again. 
She just wished her body would be in line with her brain on that one! 
Sean sat across from Ray. Monica sat next to Sean, angled toward Marcus and Judy, trying to put her back to Krista. Krista was, again, the furthest away from everyone else at the table.
“Thanks for joining us,” Sean started, looking to Ray. “We have some great things in the works.” Ray slid him a leather portfolio, which Sean opened and scanned. It must have had the notes for the meeting.
“First, does everyone remember the team members?” Sean looked around the table, avoiding Krista’s eyes. 
“Who is the…ah, Research girl again?” Monica asked in a loud, clear voice. She looked at Krista with a composed face. This call out was girl code for, “I know you, but you aren’t important enough to care about.” 
Krista glanced at Marcus, who rolled his eyes and smiled while leaning back and crossing one leg over the other. 
 “For those who don’t remember our first meeting, when she was a participant,” Sean said, apparently having missed the obvious scorn she’d used, “Krista is handling our research for this project. We haven’t had a chance to see what she’s been able to uncover for us, but I have all the faith she has found some great things. We’ll check into that a little later.”
Fear spread its ugly claws through Krista’s body and started raking across her midsection. She hated this suspense—especially when it really mattered. It was like the time when she had to get a B average in a course just to advance to the next course. There were huge stakes, not to mention money, invested, and she struggled the whole time.
Granted, she’d gotten the highest grade in the class, but that was school. This was work. Work didn’t have an outline and sample tests.
“First let’s talk to Monica,” Sean was saying. “We don’t want to take up too much of her valuable time.” Sean turned his eyes to her, the shade of green so vibrant and pure Krista was sure she’d never seen a pair as stunning. He had a flirty smile playing around those full, luscious lips.
Monica laughed a flirty laugh and looked around the room, avoiding Krista and Ray. “The time spent is worth it.” She gave a quick glance to Sean. Wasn’t hard to catch that double meaning. “We are getting our first chance to mingle with our hopeful client. It will be a fundraiser. I am organizing a dinner party held at a prominent winery in Napa. It will be fancy, though not black tie, and feature food and wine. There will be ample time to mingle so our star salesman has a chance to meet and impress some of the representatives of our target company.”
Krista rolled her eyes at the obvious flattery.
“I’ve been working with Monica on the details, and this party is shaping up to be a stately affair,” Sean said as he looked intently at Monica. Her eyes twinkled and she tried a pretty giggle that didn’t work to her benefit. “Remember, it is a fundraiser, so our executives will be there to represent our company. My team, however, will be there, also. Getting in with the client is goal number one.”
Everyone nodded mutely.
“Ray,” Sean went on, “you are in charge of transportation. We won’t be inviting dates in order to leave ourselves completely open. If someone asks why you didn’t bring someone, make up something reasonable. I don’t care what.
“You’ll be sporadically placed in tables. The seating is assigned at the event, so I’ll go over with each of you who your target is. You are to engage them, but stay friendly and distant. You’ll make an impression, but you will leave it at that. We don’t want to push our luck. We want to stay completely under the radar here.”
Krista couldn’t help but thinking it all sounded like some top-secret mission. Well, it sounded ridiculous was how it sounded. But whatever, Krista was research, they wouldn’t put her with anyone of note, so she could just enjoy the free food and wine. She’d never been to Napa, any reason was a good one as far as she was concerned. 
Sean talked longer about things they might bring up, things to shy away from, and on and on. Krista looked at him because he was speaking and he was gorgeous, but she didn’t hear much of the sermon. 
I wonder if Ben plans to eat that cream puff? I’m hungry.
Krista belatedly noticed Sean had stopped talking. She realized this because he spared her a glance that begged to know why she was staring at him. 
She jumped like a hot poker stabbed her and looked around. Monica was up and talking about decorations or something with Marcus. Ray was talking to a distracted Sean about a limo. Judy was going over some note, probably thinking about her end of the needed material.
Krista nearly stood up, wondering if this was the end of the meeting. It would be prolonging the torture if it was, but avoiding the judgment, too. It was hard to say which was worse.
Monica gave Sean a scorching look across the office, before she said good-bye to everyone but Krista and Ray, and made her way out of the office. 
“I’m glad I’m not the only one ignored anymore,” Krista muttered to herself.
She heard Ray, who had regained his seat, snort.
“Alright everyone, let’s move on,” Sean said in a voice that carried across the room. It wasn’t hard, the room was small, but Krista had a feeling that was his theater voice. 
She smirked. 
He’d unfortunately chosen that moment to glance at her, and seeing her expression, did a double-take. It took him two seconds to place what she thought was funny, then he turned crimson for the second time that afternoon.
“Okay, let’s go over where we are. As you know, the client we have is happy with the art mock-ups, and is going ahead with that. Judy has handled that side of things marvelously.
“As far as we know, their company has been approached with a buy-out, but details are still being worked out. It is looking good, though, so that means the work we do now will set us up effectively. If we do a thorough enough job now, it will greatly minimize the work to come. It will also put us in position for immediate campaign ideas. To that end, I would like to benchmark where we all are now, and provide notes. Then we’ll talk about the next steps. Judy, why don’t you lead us off?”
Judy passed around printed images of art featuring jewelry and sapphires. As they reached Krista, she had the distinct feeling of déjà vu. While these pictures weren’t in her material, she was sure she’d seen them before. It took her a second to realize it had been from Marcus’s desk, which meant either Judy had furnished these to him, or they’d come from the same company catalog of art and marketing information. 
As Judy talked about the various pictures and what she was going for, Krista noticed Sean glancing at her. He was obviously wondering where these had come from. He was looking at her because it had been one of the items she had yet to get to!
The claw of fear did another pass. It didn’t help that the air conditioning was too low and her body was on a personal mission to sweat through her blouse.
Judy’s pictures done, Sean said a few words about good work, as always, and moved on to Marcus. Marcus started talking about marketing crap that made about as much sense as fog in summer in California. A bunch of hogwash, Krista was sure.
 To illustrate his points, he passed around some art Judy helped him with. It was the same type of thing Judy had passed around already. These two were trying to create new ideas from old crap, and obviously working together so they could share the load.
Krista wondered if perhaps cataloging all the old stuff wasn’t a hindrance more than a help. She also wondered how Sean hoped to land a high-profile account with this type of information to work off of. Krista couldn’t imagine it was near good enough, and it was a shame, because Marcus seemed to have some pretty good ideas. Even Ben thought so, and he didn’t know anything about nothing.
 “Great,” Sean said, turning to Krista. He held her eyes for a moment before saying, “You’re up. What have you done with a month?”
Krista nearly threw up. She’d had a whole month and she’d only done the first two numbers. Sean was obviously bracing himself for bad news.
“Relax,” Marcus said from across the table in his caterpillar voice.
Krista jumped, looked at Marcus with panicked eyes, then turned and grabbed the first book off her stack.
“Um. Okay. Well,” Krista cleared her throat and looked at Judy, who was looking back with a reassuring smile. Krista plunged on, “Sean gave me a list of things he was looking for. The list ranged from a general, broad history of the whole genre, to a narrowed scope of just sapphires. I then broke that down further into sapphires within the piece and type of jewelry. Then he wanted that information across the country, also the world, various markets, niches, regions, you name it, he wanted it.” 
Krista stood and passed around the first couple books. Each book was well executed, probably half the size of a textbook, and had plentiful graphs and images in it. Once Krista had given them out, she sat back down. This section, which was Sean’s item number one, yielded three books. Judy, thinking that Krista had made a book for each person, presentation-style, looked at Krista to see why she didn’t get one.
“Oh, ahhh, each of those is part of the whole. There was too much information for everyone to get their own. So there are three parts. Ray has the first, Sean the second, and Marcus the third. I would have done one book, or two, but I didn’t really know how to work the machine and couldn’t get it to bind any more than that at a time. Plus, we really only need one set. I have everything saved electronically.”
Sean’s eyes snapped up from the information in front of him. He looked from his book to the others. When his eyes hit Krista’s they were wide with disbelief. 
Judy, not caring about quantity, scooted over to Marcus to look over his shoulder. He immediately passed it to her, who scanned a few pages and gave up. They probably didn’t know what the hell any of it meant.
It was Krista’s turn to confuse the art people. Hah! She would remember to throw that in Marcus’ face. 
If she didn’t get fired first.
“This is really good work, Krista,” Ray said to no one in particular, bringing her back to Earth. He was herding her focus like a sheep dog. He probably had a teenager. “Where did you get all this info?”
“Well, I looked at historical information first and got some broad stuff there. There was a lot there, but selective, you know? So I took to the library and pulled the rest.” She knew Ray knew what Sean knew, even if Sean said he wouldn’t tell anyone. Krista was not so naïve to think it was an honest secret. She also wanted to get across to Sean the type of information the others had, and how it ranked in the grand scheme of things.
 “You have a library card?” Judy said with a chuckle.
“Geek Girl,” Marcus said with a smile, passing his book to Ray.
“Cheap books,” Krista retorted. “As in free. I have a lot of time to read on Muni, especially when I am trapped in a tunnel.”
Sean was now devouring the information in front of him. He glanced at everything in his book and then looked at Ray. Ray passed him the first book in the set, which was opened to the table of contents. Sean scanned it immediately. 
“Geek Girl, you are making Judy and I look bad,” Marcus said disapprovingly, leaning back with a smile.
Sean glanced at Marcus, then shaking his head, looked at Krista with drunken, overwhelmed eyes. 
Fear stabbed her again. It was a lot of information. Maybe she spent too much time on it? Maybe she spent too much time organizing it? Maybe she should’ve been watching Sean’s back with the art stuff?
She was on the edge, wondering which way the wind blew when Sean said, “Good work, Krista. This will be invaluable. It will also help us make contact with light comments.” 
It sounded good, but his face was still blank as he looked through the information. Ray had the third book and was looking through it, slightly shaking his head. It sounded good, but the actions didn’t match.
Krista hated this. She hated having no idea where she stood. Her first real assignment with her first real job for a boss she really wanted to impress, and it was heads or tails if she totally messed up and wasted everyone’s time.
And that was just step one. She still had to show step two, which was an even bigger gamble.
Sean interrupted her self-loathing, still looking through the material, with, “Okay, everyone, let’s convene for now and we’ll meet back after I can process all this information.” 
 “Wait…” Krista grabbed the remaining stack.
Sean looked up with a light scowl. Everyone paused in their various stances, except for Marcus who was always lounging. He had a hopeful look, though. He wanted to know what the rest of the information was. Namely, he wanted to see what she did with his ideas.
“Um, that was just the first part of the list that Sean gave?” Sean’s scowl got slightly more pronounced. Krista hurried on. “I got a good way through the second one with Marcus’s help?” 
Stop rounding off sentences with a question! You sound dumb and green!
“Yes,” Marcus settled back with his hands behind his head, his arms out to the side like wings. He was like a little boy about ready to see if his new model airplane would fly.
Krista passed out the remaining books. “Okay, well first, you should all know that Marcus and I speak a different language. He speaks in high-art, and I speak in normal person…”
“There was nothing normal in those books you passed around.” Marcus cut her off.
“Okay, well, affluent math, then. So when I went to get Marcus’s ideas, which I think was Sean’s big practical joke to torture me…” Marcus and Judy both laughed. Sean was looking at her blank-faced. She hurried on, “I wrote down a bunch of genius crap that I then stared at for a couple hours before realizing there was no way in hell—excuse my language—that I could turn it into logical, statistical research. It was all gibberish as far as I could tell.”
Marcus and Judy both laughed again, but Sean and Ray wore very similar masks of confusion.
“So I took his notes to someone who could speak both our languages, and asked for help. What I got was something I could work with. Now, before you look at these, please know that this is my interpretation of Marcus’s ideas turned into research. I made no decisions beyond that. If the ideas are stupid and not worth pursuing based on numbers, blame Marcus.” 
“Wouldn’t be the first time!” Judy laughed. 
“Why four smaller books rather than three?” Ray asked. “Did you do these before you figured out the machine?”
Krista smiled. Ray had a sense of humor it seemed. 
“There are four ideas turned into research. I figured I would just break them down that way. The other collection, we’ll call number one, was a solid mass of information.” 
Ray nodded as each person delved into their book. Each book was a little different, and each covered a different amount of terrain. They had graphs and, what Marcus and Judy latched on to, art. There were even photographs from when she people-watched. If the team missed her over-achiever status thus far, they were currently getting a rude awakening.
Plus, working on the whole idea was kind of fun. She got to do more than just work with statistical stuff—taking pictures and working with graphics was a great way to exercise the other half of the brain.
Krista was watching Judy and Marcus laugh about the perfection of one of the photos when she felt eyes boring into her. They were Sean’s. Their look was unreadable, as was his face, but his focus was acute. 
Krista flushed and fidgeted, not sure what to make of the stare; not sure if it was good or bad or lust based. 
 “Too much? Did I waste too much time on this stuff?” Krista asked with a grimace.
Sean remained mute for a moment, his stare acute. When he was done trying to shoplift her grocery list, his eyes pivoted to Ray. Before either said anything, Marcus said, “Hey Krista, what is this one?”
It was a picture of a little girl at the beach with her mother’s bracelet. The bracelet was ugly and cheap, which was probably why the mother allowed the child to have it in the first place, but Krista thought the idea of it worked. 
“Oh, well, you know that idea where you wanted to create some sort of collectable jewelry for kids? Kind of like those charm bracelets, but more for special occasions? You know, so that they could hold onto it through the years?”
“Yeah, but—“
“Well,” she said interrupting him, “the idea to market heirlooms was so similar, and you were hitting the very young and the very old, I—and my secret helper—thought maybe we could combine that. You know, a keepsake you get as you grow that you could then pass on? Something like that? It, ah, sounded good at the time.
“Anyway, I looked up info for the individual thing, then did some comparing numbers for the overall deal. I don’t know what you all aim for or whatever, but the overall deal seemed cool to me, so I went out and tried to find some people who might buy into that. That picture was cute and fitting, don’t you think?”
Sean’s expression changed. Now he looked at her like she’d just sprouted a third eye. It put her into defensive mode. “I mean, it’s not my job, I know, so I did both of Marcus’s original suggestions, but thought I might just throw that in for spice. It really didn’t take much more time. Just a few extra photo sessions, which was on my own time anyway, so…” 
She was shrinking under Sean’s heated gaze. She’d gone overboard. Definitely overboard. This was the kind of thing she should have done after she got some direction. She should have kept it generic until they landed the account!
“I told you I was a genius,” Marcus said to Judy, who laughed at him and grabbed the photographs. 
“I have to tell you, Krista, these photos aren’t half bad. I like how you captured life. You are no Ansel Adams, but these are great. I can work off these,” Judy said, giving them her technical “art” eye.
Well, at least someone liked it.
Sean was doing some sort of silent exchange with Ray, then he looked back at Krista. His face seemed a little hostile.
“I assume that is all you have?” Sean asked in a flat voice.
“Uh, yeah.” She had had a month, and she had a world of information on things that they might never, ever need. She only got to a quarter of the list he gave her when she probably should have gotten a little bit on every point.
Shit.
Sean nodded, “Okay, gang, leave those here with me, plus what you have, and I’ll look over everything. Ray will be in touch about the event. It is mandatory that everyone go, so make it work.”
Everyone stood up to leave.
“Not you, Krista.” Sean had his hands clasped on the table, staring at her with a firm, unreadable expression. Ray hadn’t gotten up, either.
Krista froze. She gave a scared glance at Marcus with a plea of help. He got it and smiled. 
“Relax,” he mouthed, giving her a Cheshire Cat smile as he drifted out of the room with Judy.

~*~*~*~

“I told you!” Marcus exclaimed when they were out of earshot. He was still high from the effulgence that was the young stud. If only that man had been born gay, Marcus and he would’ve made the best pair. For about two seconds, then they’d have an open relationship, naturally, until they got old.
“You did not tell me that girl was such a workhorse!” Judy nearly yelled back. “She made us look like slackers.”
“I wasn’t talking about that, but yes I did tell you, dearest. It was right after I noticed her fabulous red pumps, remember? I said she was getting all her work done in style, much unlike myself. Work done, I mean. I always maintain style, of course.”
“Getting all her work done doesn’t mean coming up with the entire presentation—art, marketing and research combined—in one month, Marcus! Sean is probably wondering what he needs me for—she did all the images already!”
“Relax, honey; you are still the most experienced. Sean needs you. But he wants that little geeky blond! Did you see the way he was drooling over her? He was ready to gobble her up!”
“Who, Monica? They’re just trying to out-sleaze each other. I don’t care to pay attention to that.”
Marcus stopped her with a hand on her arm as they got out of the elevator. “Woman, I am starting to think you are blind. Not that old tramp! I heard she had a drunken night with John two years ago. Any woman that hates herself enough to sleep with John is trash and—“
“And he isn’t?” Judy interrupted indignantly, starting to walk again. She now had a lot of work to do, thanks to that young workaholic. It was too bad she was sweet in a sarcastic kind of way because Judy would love to hate her. 
“My darling, you seem stressed. I am not sure if you noticed, but Mr. Boss wasn’t expecting so much work out of that darling nerd. Yes, you should probably work a teensy-bit harder, but there is no reason to trot back to your desk.”
Judy just shook her head.
“Anyway, as I was saying. That young stud has his head so far up Geek Girl’s skirt he has truly lost his way. I absolutely love watching it!”
“You think so? I didn’t notice anything.”
“You didn’t see him going three shades of red every time he looked at her?”
“Oh God, Marcus, you want to gossip so badly you make it up. I swear.” Judy walked quickly back to her desk, intent on emailing Krista immediately so as to start fiddling with Marcus’s ideas. She didn’t care what Marcus said, she needed to get her stuff in gear if she wanted to stay on this presentation.




Chapter Fifteen

Krista waited as Ray gathered up all the information.
When everyone was gone and the door closed, Sean said, “That took you a month?”
“Um. Yes?” she said in a small voice. And then she started babbling. She couldn’t help it. 
“I’m sorry, you just had so much on your list. It was a lot—you know?—and if I didn’t organize it and categorize it then no one would’ve been able to make heads or tails of it. Plus, there is so much information—smaller parts of the larger—that I had to make sure it was kept together or it would have been lost. And I thought you wanted everything I could find so I did the work catalog stuff, but then the library stuff to give it more body, you know? And I hadn’t seen you so I just moved on after...” 
Krista, shut up already!!
But she couldn’t. Her mouth wouldn’t shut off. “I mean, I probably should have checked in, I know that. If I had more experience I would have. That is my bad. You live, you learn, you know? And I’ve learned. But I thought I should just forge ahead. And Marcus really is a genius when I have a clue how to work with his stuff, so I just…um, but, I can go any direction you want. I can—“
“Krista,” Sean said to stop her tirade. He had a smile on his face, but still an unreadable eye stare going. “It appears you think me disappointed in your work?”
Krista shot a harried look at Ray, meeting an encouraging smile. Back to Sean’s stare. “Um...uh...what?”
Sean leaned back and grabbed a book with Marcus’s ideas. “Genius. Unbelievable. All of this. This is more information than I have ever had to work with. Ever. I looked at the table of contents. Everything I can possibly think of is in here, plus some I’d missed.”
“Well…yeah. That’s what you asked for. Isn’t it?”
Sean switched his stare to Ray across the table then shook his head in disbelief. “I’m not your boss. I’m not even liked by your boss. I didn’t expect to be followed to the letter.”
“Oh. I thought you were my acting boss for this?” 
“Sean expected you to do the minimum on each bullet point, and then he would tell you where to research further,” Ray said to explain.
“Oh. Should I have done that? I thought about that when you called the meeting. I should have checked up—got clarification. Or asked for deadlines.”
“No, you dumb-ass. You’re not in trouble.” Sean laughed. He sounded like the guy she had lunch with. Easy and friendly.
“Oh?” She perked up. “Well why didn’t you say so? But it is a bit of overkill, though, huh?”
“Yes. Very much. Which is exactly what we need.” Sean’s eyes fell to the books, littering the table top. “And who did you get to help you with Marcus’s ideas? I have often heard him shoot out some great stuff, but we could never get anything from Research to help us. We usually just had to try it blindly. It usually works. Almost always, actually. But it is always a risk.”
“Yeah, I can see how Research failed to figure out what he was talking about. I have a friend who helped.”
“Your roommate?”
“Yeah.”
“When can I meet him?” Sean was leaning forward in predatory mode.
“He has a job. And he goes to school.”
“When can I meet him?”
“Let’s get the account first, and then we’ll talk.”
Sean just smiled and shook his head. “You can’t protect him forever.”
“Oh yes, I can. He needs it.”
“What do you bribe him with to help you?” Ray asked from across the room.
A glint game to Sean’s eye. He obviously hadn’t thought to take that route in questioning. 
“I help him with his finances and he helps me with this or whatever I need. Or else one of us buys the other dinner.”
“Help with his finances? Money trouble?” Sean asked, leaning forward again.
“No, he makes a ton of money. He just has a problem with budgeting it. And paying bills is beyond him.”
“Hmmm,” Sean looked at Ray, forming a plan of the silent variety.
“Alright guys.” Krista stood up. Sean and Ray stood up with her. “Marcus told me I am going to drinks with him tonight. You all are welcome to come if you want.” She looked at Ray more than Sean. It felt weird inviting Sean for some reason.
“I guess the secret’s out,” Sean studied her with his clear gaze.
“I think it was out when Marcus found out Krista got an office and a raise,” Ray said, getting ready to heft the books into his arms.
“How did Marcus find out I got a raise? I didn’t even know that until I got my paycheck! And, what secret?”
Sean chuckled. “Marcus makes it is business to know the gossip around here. He must be friends with someone in payroll.”
“You as a viable team member secret,” Ray said with a kind-hearted smile.
“Ray, are you ever mean?” 
“I leave that to my wife. Or Sean.” Ray laughed. “I remain the sugar, they remain the vinegar.”
“Huh. Anyway, I’m off.”
“Krista—“
Krista turned back at Sean’s voice, her face nearly bumping off his neck. She hadn’t realized he followed. 
“Great work,” his voice was deep and quiet. “Really. It beats my expectations. You were a solid choice. John doubted my faith because you have no experience. I like being right. Thank you.” He gave her an adorable boyish smile that melted her heart.
“Oh, not a problem, Cap’n. That’s my job, after all.” She backed up, uneasy with the fire consuming her body. His musky scent was intoxicating her, his hard chest so close. 
He continued to look down at her, inside of her, his lips a foot from hers. “Give my regards to Marcus, will you? I have to work late.”
“On a Friday? ‘All work and no play makes Jack a very dull boy.’” She quoted as she turned and left. She wasn’t about to talk him into it. She didn’t know how long she could stay good with the mood she was in.

~*~*~*~

Sean watched her go, the elegant sway of her hips inspiring a sheen of sweat on his brow. He thought back to when he first walked into the room. She’d been looking at him with a hunger he hadn’t seen from her before. It appeared she’d lost her nervousness. 
Strangely, it also appeared he’d found it. 
He had to admit that it wasn’t abnormal when a woman stared at him like he was naked, but it wasn’t often she had a wild magnetism behind her eyes that made him think she’d prey on him, and then rip him apart with her lust. It wasn’t often a woman would have him completely at her mercy.
Or that he wanted it that way.
He turned to Ray. “This account is going to sap all the time from my life, I can already see it. And we don’t even have an in yet. What amazes me is that Krista was terrified the whole time. She thought, without a doubt, that she didn’t do enough. It’s…she’s crazy. She must be.” 
Ray sat in a chair with the first of Krista’s books in front of him. His eyes monitored Sean steadily as he said, “I owe you an apology.”
Sean, slightly taken aback, sat down opposite him. “What for? Did you date my sister at one time and never tell me about it?”
Ray didn’t smile at the jest. “I one-hundred-percent doubted you. I met the young—I met Krista, I worked with her presentation, I’ve seen some of her previous reporting, but I still believed the rumors the whole time. I thought she was on the team so you could get closer to her. I’m sorry.”
Sean had to consciously keep himself from fidgeting. He didn’t want to show how troubled he was. He didn’t even know why he was troubled in the first place! Ray had doubted him many times, sometimes so much so that he refused to follow Sean’s leadership. But this time…it seemed personal, somehow. It seemed like an attack on Sean’s vitals.
He shrugged it off. “You aren’t going to apologize for Marcus?”
Ray continued to gaze steadily at Sean for one more beat before he dropped his head to continue examining Krista’s work. “Nope,” he said, “Marcus requires constant attention to keep on track. He has great ideas, I will admit, but as far as a viable asset to this team, he is only as good as Krista makes him.”
“But look at how far he’s come in two short weeks. Since the day Krista met with him to go over his ideas, and actively started working with him, Marcus has turned on, has he not? He looks at the big picture more, he cares about the presentation, he is interested in new ideas—the man is transformed.”
Ray hesitated before he said, “He’s less slow, I’ll wager, but only where it concerns working with Krista. Everything else you’ve asked for has been half-assed. I’d call that waking up slightly, rather than transformed…”
“All I’m saying is that when he’s intrigued he is motivated. He will come a long way yet, you wait and see.”
Ray snorted. “Now you’re just being cocky.”
“He is high maintenance, though,” Sean conceded.
“He’s not the only one that’s high maintenance…”
 Sean shifted uncomfortably. He knew where this was going.
“Monica.”
And then it did.
Sean stood and paced to the large window overlooking the bay. “She needs validation to do her best work. I told you that.”
“You didn’t tell me how low you were stooping to give her that validation…”
“It’s not stooping. It’s par for the course with this company.”
“Maybe when you were twenty and didn’t know any better. Or when there weren’t any better options to focus your attentions…”
“What other option is better for my focus than this mammoth account? My sole motivation is landing this account. She is integral to that. If I dangle the bait, she’ll do anything I ask, whenever I ask it. It’s not pretty, but it’s a means to an end.”
Ray’s fabric rustled in the quiet room. “I don’t agree. I don’t think selling your soul is necessary to keep that woman on the hook. I think you are just stroking your ego, and I also think it will come back to bite you. In more ways than one.”
Sean blew out a breath as he ran his fingers through his hair. “I will make sure to keep it going until we have the account. After that it doesn’t matter. She’ll get over it.”
“Who will? Monica, or the bright young woman who lets you be yourself?”
Sean turned back in confusion, “What are you talking about?
Ray shrugged, flicking pages. “How many double dates have we been on?”
“Wha—double dates? What does that have to do with anything?”
Ray closed the book and swiveled his seat toward Sean. He had a grave look. A worried look. “How many double dates?”
Sean shook his head in frustration. He wanted to hash out this account, not talk about his failed attempts at dating. Finally, seeing that Ray was digging in his heels, he said simply, “Lots.”
“Yes. A lot. I’ve seen you with a lot of women. I’ve seen you with women you thought you really liked, with those you were using, much like Monica. Through every one of them, you had a false bravado. None of them so much as got you to stay interested for more than a night. None of them, not one, ever had you flustered.”
Sean put his hands on his hips much like Ray’s wife Mary when she was tired of waiting for him to make a point. Sean must have learned it from her. “Yes, I’m not great in a lasting thing. Mary’s berated me enough for the both of you. What’s your point?”
“I’ve never seen you blush. Not once. Not even when you’re teased. Your ego won’t allow embarrassment.”
“I am embarrassed plenty, I can assure you.”
“Maybe, but not enough to show it. Until now.”
“Despite your weird attempt at seduction, Ray, I am not embarrassed at present.”
“Not at present, no. But I saw you blush twice today. From just a look. From just a meeting of eyes.”
Suddenly Sean knew exactly where this was going, and he was more uncomfortable now than when they were talking about Monica.
“See? You’re blushing again. You must know who I’m talking about.”
“I think I’ve lost the plot,” Sean muttered, turning back to the window. He heard Ray turn around, also.
“I’m just saying that what you are doing with Monica will come back to bite you in more ways than one.”
“Well, I’m sunk on that score, then, because if I back out now she’ll take it personally.”
Out of the corner of his eye he saw Ray nod, then reach for a different book.
“I do like her, though,” Sean acceded quietly. 
“Mary is dying to meet her. Unlike me, she did think you brought Krista onto the team for exactly the reasons you said.”
Sean shook his head. Then, since he was laying it all out there, he said, “I haven’t asked her out. I’m afraid she’ll say no.”
“Yes, you’ve alluded to that.” Ray paused for a minute. Pages flicked, drawing out the pause; the judgment. “I think you’re right. She’s smart, but most importantly, she’s wary. She doesn’t trust you, and I don’t blame her—especially with how you act around Monica. Which is interesting, because you’re more genuine with Krista than I’ve even seen you with Mary.”
Sean felt like punching the glass. That was the bitch of it, wasn’t it? It was the thing that was unraveling him. He could utterly and completely relax around Krista, which was as rare as it was disconcerting. For that reason, he couldn’t relax any other time, worried about what he might say when she came around. What might escape his usually composed and constructed persona.
“She makes me,” Sean admitted grudgingly, clenching his jaw. “She has exacting standards where that comes in, and she holds me to it. It was one of her conditions to working on the team. She almost ducked out a couple times—she turns away or runs whenever I try to throw her a line. Always has. It’s maddening.”
Ray laughed, “It’s good for you. It’s what you’ve always needed. But you’re right; she doesn’t trust that side of you.” 
Sean sighed, “I know. She’s had a hard past, too, I think. She doesn’t need me dicking her around. Excuse the language.”
“You’ve had a hard past as well. But I agree, she doesn’t need you dicking her around. You tend to jump in with both feet, get tangled, and run. We can’t have that on this campaign. Any other time and I would say go for it. But not on this one. Get to know her, be friends, have fun—when we land this bad boy, go whole hog. Who knows; by then she might be on board.”
“Yeah, right. Thanks for the pep-talk, coach. Except, you needn’t have dissected my life because all that knowledge changes nothing. I have to stay away from Krista and stay close to Monica. Your fountain of knowledge doesn’t help.”
“No, but I like to show I’m paying attention.”
Sean huffed out a laugh as he turned back to the table. “John’s going to be tracking me down soon. We need to make shapes.”
“Look at what she did here …” Ray pointed to the table of contents. “You asked her for sales of sapphires in California. She lists that as item twelve. She then breaks it down to southern California and northern California, which makes sense. You should have had that. That was twelve-A.”
Sean looked over Ray’s shoulder.
“Then, twelve-B,” Ray slid his finger to the next bullet, “She breaks it down again by largely populated areas and poorly populated areas. Then, twelve-C, by household income. How does she even think of that information, let alone find it?”
“She’s smart.” 
“Obviously, she’s smart, yes. But at the stage she is over extending your list, she is basically calling you a fool.”
“Is that what she’s doing? Calling me a fool?”
Ray and Sean both laughed as Sean grabbed a few of the books to lug downstairs. The conference room phone rang, making Sean pause, “That’ll be John.”
“Aren’t you going to answer it?” Ray asked, collecting the rest of the books.
“No. I’ll talk to him when I get downstairs.”
“I’m glad you’re a buffer between him and me.” Ray threw in as he followed Sean out. “I don’t think I could tolerate him always looking over my shoulder.”
“Some people probably wonder how you tolerate me looking over your shoulder.”
“Not the women-folk, surely. They’re jealous.”
Sean huffed as the elevator opened.
“No, I’m in a perfect spot,” Ray mused. “I am one step away from your overanxious boss, and one step above an overachieving bookworm. I’d hate to be directly under either of them.”
An image of Krista’s body moving over him flashed through Sean’s head.
“That’s four blushes. My, my—what is she doing to you?”
Sean shook his head and ignored Ray.




Chapter Sixteen

It was Friday again too soon and Krista found herself finished with the rest of Sean’s list. She also found herself with nothing to do for Happy Hour because Jasmine was going to Tahoe and Kate was going on a date with some dude she met at her local coffee house. She insisted he wasn’t gay. He was a biker with too much facial hair and a giant tattoo of a bare-chested woman riding a dragon on his back.
Jasmine and Kate believed her. Then said maybe going for gay was better. The conversation would be better, at any rate.
Krista grabbed her latest findings and headed down to Sean’s office. He sat hunched over his desk, studying a piece of paper with incredulous eyes. The surface in front of him looked like an office recycle bin, or like a paper dispenser had rumbled through and dropped a bunch of babies. It was almost as bad as the art department.
“Hey Cap’n,” she said as she paused at the door, doing a quick check that no one was under his desk giving him a blow job.
He looked up in surprise. When he saw who it was, a small smile parted his lips.  “Krista,” he said as his face went back to a mask of stress, “How goes it?”
“Great. Can I come in?”
“Of course, yes. Please.” Sean jumped up as if on springs to come around the desk and see if she needed help carrying anything. Seeing she was fine, he returned to his seat, his eyes trained on her new stack of books.
“Not more,” he said in agony.
She let the pile plop on his desk. “What do you mean not more? You’re the one assigning this stuff to me!”
“I didn’t expect you to be so thorough. I showed your stuff to John, half to brag, I admit, and he flipped. Then he had about 800 ideas that I should immediately look up as it pertained to your facts. Then he gave me a last-minute presentation to do. Needless to say, I’ve been chained to my desk ever since. That’ll teach me.” Sean smiled radiantly. It was pretty obvious he liked being right. 
She bet John hated being wrong.
“Well, I finished your list. Maybe I can help you with some of the work?”
“You finished my list? Already?”
“My social life took a crap this week so I had nothing better to do than work my ass off.”
“Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?” he asked with a chuckle, leaning back in his chair and rubbing his eyes. 
“Only when she makes me. Anyway, should I take this away so you don’t have to look at it?”
“No, no, show me what ya got.” Sean stacked up some of his papers to make room for the new onslaught of work. “By the by, I hear you clean desks …”
Krista paused in her book delivery, turning beet red. “I can explain.”
Sean smiled, reaching across the desk for her cargo. “I’ve seen Marcus’s desk after you’ve passed through. Apparently he never notices until you leave.”
“Yeah, I kinda nudge his papers in the right direction. I haven’t made him get up so I can do a thorough job, yet, but it’s coming.”
“Most of the company has had a walk-through, admiring your latest handiwork. He thinks you are both the sweetest thing on the face of the planet, and also the most hilarious. He doesn’t quite understand how your mind works.”
“Yeah, I get that a lot.”
“Bad news is, he’s treating the sensation like art.”
Krista yanked at a stray thread in her sweater in embarrassment. “He treats my cleaning his desk like art? What sort of madness is that? Are they high all day long in that department, or what?”
Sean laughed, opening her first book, prompting her to explain work rather than art department people, who were largely inexplicable anyway.
“Okay, I’ve called that one Operation: Spy on the Others, because it’s obvious that’s what you were after. Good luck getting them to spy on me, though.”
“They already are. Spying on you, that is. The reports I get are mainly that you work too fast and make them look bad. Oh, and your singing voice is quite good, but your British accent is the pits. Also that you are an honorary member of the art department mechanical team, whatever that means.”
Sean’s eyes honed in to Krista’s face as she tried to hide behind her hair. “I talk to myself in a British accent when I’ve been without social chit-chat for too long.”
Sean started to laugh. “I was wondering. Anyway, I don’t need to spy on you. If I did, I would see the amount of work headed my way and stop your efforts.”
“No you wouldn’t. I’d still do it.”
Sean stilled for a moment, taking her in. His eyes roamed her face. “No mug?”
His eyes reached inside of her, making a piece of ice in her middle heat up, then drip, loosening a painful barrier she’d lived with for so long she’d forgotten it wasn’t supposed to be there.
“I was afraid it would try and kill itself again. Thought it was safer left in my office,” she said quietly, knowing he was trying to head toward personal waters, using her mug as a scapegoat. Strangely, this time, it was working. He was starting to have an effect. He poked at that block inside her chest, softly, unhurriedly, wanting to release it. 
It was a startlingly new development that would surely have Kate whacking her with a baseball bat to get her back on course. 
Sean laughed intimately, honing in on her. Willing her to let go; to drop all her office stodginess and come out and play. The warmth building in her sternum made her body tingle, reminding her of its twin, a feeling she hadn’t felt in a really long time. Since Johnny Earnshaw, actually. Which, consequently, had been her first love. 
It was going to take more than a bat. 
“Wise,” he said quietly, his face growing serious. Intense.
She hastily cleared her throat. The moment passed like a fragrant plume of smoke in a breeze. “Anyway.” She tore her eyes away and pointed them at the desk. “Here is what you asked for. The first is the art from our extensive system. All the images from that other meeting were there, but I didn’t include those. I did some digging and found some other stuff that looked good.
“After that are other, similar images from other ad companies across the span of time. It is pretty fun looking for all that stuff, so I put a lot in there. Too much probably, but copies are cheap and knowledge is not, so what the hell, right?”
 “And you have more,” Sean said it in a flat tone, now looking through the books. 
 “Yeah, well, uh, I decided to find some pictures that went with Marcus’ ideas. Like I said, images are so easy to find and so readily downloaded and copied, so I just thought, ‘why not?’”
Without saying a word Sean grabbed hungrily for the other books. He turned and got the research she did previously on Marcus’s ideas. He found what must have been his favorite ideas and paired them with the new images. He let out a “hmmmm” as he tapped the page.
“This is good, Krista. Have you shown these to Marcus?” 
“No. He’s mad at you for making him work, so I didn’t want to add fuel, so to speak.”
“Hmmm,” still looking at the open book, he picked up the phone. “Yes, Marcus? ...” Sean listened for a while, his brow furrowing in concentration. “Yeah, great man, that is awesome… No, no I don’t need to see it right yet… No, that’s fine. Listen…yeah, great. Perfect… Listen, I am sitting here with Krista--…no, for once she is making you look good. Come see what she’s got…Great.”
Sean hung up and went back to looking at the images. Krista was forgotten for the minute, until Marcus came in and leisurely sat next to her.
“Miss Marshall,” Marcus said in his relaxed way, “You are no longer allowed to work on any of Sean’s ideas. We can’t keep up. There is not enough Red Bull in the world to compete with a twenty-year-old.”
Sean looked up with a smile and offered Marcus her latest. He then picked up the phone again. “Ray, come in here…Please.” 
Marcus was exclaiming in delight with his hand clutched on Krista’s shoulder. “Geek Girl, I am a genius! Sean, call Judy.” 
Sean did not hesitate, and soon the entire team was stuffed into Sean’s office. Ray and Sean were talking about strategy while Marcus and Judy were talking about ideas and making notes. Krista, forgotten again, was squished against the wall in bored delight. 
It was at this time that John walked in, his normal cartoon-style, hurried pace slowed with the bland look of the research girl idly standing against the wall. Krista imagined that was the reason for the perplexed expression. “Sean, it’s time to move you to the new office I think.”
It was like an arctic gale came out of nowhere. Everyone froze with wide eyes, like a kid caught drawing on the wall with permanent marker. The office resembled a game of Twister, with limbs intertwined and frozen, waiting for the next spin. All eyes found John in a pronounced widening.
 “John,” Sean said behind a guarded mask.
“What’s going on here?” John asked in disapproval.
“We are reviewing the latest information from our researcher.” 
“How is the proposal going?” John glared intently at Sean, no one else in the room existing at that moment.
“Halfway there. It will be on your desk Monday morning, as promised.”
John let his gaze sweep Sean’s office, catching the books Marcus was holding. It was apparent that he should leave after chastising his subordinate, but it was just as apparent his curiosity was staying his feet.
Pandora’s plague won out. 
“What have we got?” he asked in a brusque tone.
It was Marcus who jumped up with the books, reaching around Judy to yank Krista to his side. He began rapidly explaining what he thought was his best idea, showing facts on it, then the images. John took the statistics from Marcus, being that Marcus really hadn’t a clue how to explain them, then skimmed the pictures.
“Where are those pictures from?” John stabbed at the book in Marcus’s hand. 
Krista got Sean’s acute gaze that told her to keep quiet about the vast resources. He must have forgotten it was her secret in the first place.
“Well, first I took some of my own pictures from places around the city,” Krista said into the stuffed office. “But I am no photographer, so I went to the library archives and found images that seemed to fit. They don’t belong to us, so I am sure they can’t be used, but I thought a general idea would work for Marcus and Judy, and then they could go from there. I mean, if they wanted to. You know…”
It was a lame way to end her babbling. As such, everyone kept staring at her, probably waiting for the end of the sentence. Especially John, who was trying to pin her to the carpet with his flat stare. After another beat he went back to looking at the figures. He nodded once, and then handed the information to Sean, who took it quietly.
John said, “Monday morning.” He set his speed to turbo and flew out of the room.
There was a collective sigh. Krista was nearly ready to cry. Sean saw it and moved toward her, trying to get between Ray and the desk to do so, but before he could get there Marcus and Judy said together, “Relax” in that special way. 
It immediately cut the tension.
“That was a good sign, Krista,” Judy said, reviewing her notes. “A good sign. He had nothing to yell at us about. Which is a first, I think.”
Ray was letting his mask of worry melt off his face. He knew John about as well as Krista did and probably thought his job was going down the tube as well.
“Nothing to yell at us about,” Marcus said with a grin, dark eyes flicking to Sean. “Sean, on the other hand, will be working all weekend.” 
Sean nodded and flopped into his seat. “He has the most unreal expectations.”
“Can we take these, Sean?” Judy asked, indicating Krista’s latest.
“Krista, is that saved somewhere?” Ray asked.
“Yeah, it’s on my computer in my public folder and it’s on a flash drive.”
“Can we borrow the drive?” Judy asked.
“Yeah, no problem. I’ll go and get it—“ 
 “Wait.” Krista stopped and looked back at Sean in expectation. “You are finished with your work, right?”
“Yeah. Want me to help with something?”
“Yes!” Sean sighed before he caught Ray’s frown, “Please.”
Judy and Marcus quickly shuffled out of the room. If work was being doled out, they didn’t want their share. Ray patted Sean on the shoulder and left the office as well. 
When it was just her and Sean, Krista lowered herself to the visitor chair, the electrical current in the room once again started to buzz through her body. Her eyes couldn’t help but focus on his sensual lips as he chewed on the end of his pen. He glanced up in thought and then focused on her gaze, hunger burning in his eyes. 
“Fan please,” Krista said lightly, spreading her arms away from her body just enough so her deodorant didn’t have to work so hard.
Sean smiled. He swiveled in his chair and flipped on the fan, then faced her again. There was a tense beat. It seemed like he was trying to rein himself in. Trying not to take a step he had been dying to take.
“Should I come back later?” she asked in self-preservation. If he asked her out, she’d say yes. She knew she would, and she hated herself for that fact, but there it was. She was a damn fool who obviously didn’t learn from her past mistakes. Her only lifeline was to head him off at the pass with a topic change.
The Cosmos was cackling at her life, she knew it.
Sean’s brow furrowed for the briefest of moments, making her half think he realized what she was doing, then his expression cleared. “No way. If you leave you might sneak out and go home. Then who would I get to do my work for me?” Sean looked around his desk distractedly. “Okay,” he shuffled the piles of papers into other, smaller piles, “I have to make a proposal to a shoe company. I have some research…” he passed her the information, “—and, I have some art.” He passed her some other papers.
“Then what’s the problem?”
“Look at them.”
The research was minimal, the figures probably right but not all-encompassing. The art was barely a step above that. There was no thread that held everything together.
It suddenly dawned on her. “You are supposed to make this look like a cohesive presentation?”
“Exactly. That is just part of it. I also have to get quotes, figure out how to sell it, and get that event together for Monica.” 
Krista shook her head, feeling bad for him. His eyes were tight and tired, his face lined with stress. “Do you have to use this info? Can I start over?” 
Sean sighed in relief. “I don’t need too in-depth. I need passable. They are a tiny client. The revenue we are looking at is minimal. So is the effort.”
 “Can I consult with an art person?”
“No one has the time. If you can ask your roommate we will pay him.”
“He has finals.” Krista didn’t know if she could be counted on to work the art angle all on her own. The research would be a breeze. Tying it all together wouldn’t. At least, not for her.
“You said he was in art school, right?” Sean pushed. “If I give him the run of the art department all weekend, would he help?”
A glance at Sean said he was serious. Ben might actually go for that. All that space, all those resources…
“Pass me the phone. I left my cellphone in the office.”
Sean did so without hesitation. 
Where most people would ignore the phone when they were in the middle of something, Ben answered just to make it stop ringing. Krista offered to unplug the house phone for him, but Abbey would notice, even though she never used the thing, and cause a big stink. Krista knew this from experience.
“Hello?” came the mid-range voice lined with irritation.
“Ben?”
“Yeah. Krista?”
“Hi Ben, yeah it’s me. Hey…so I was wondering…”
“Please note that I am doing a big project this weekend.”
“I know, Ben. So it’s like this. My Captain needs this thing done by Monday and there’s an art bit involved. We would like to enlist your help, which will take barely any of your time, and in trade, he’s willing to offer you the entire weekend in our huge art department so you can use all its resources to finish your thing. And free meals.”
“Your Captain? Are you on a ship?”
“Well, he’s not technically my boss, but he’s in charge. Not important. What do you think?”
“How would I possibly get all my stuff there and back?”
“Oh…” She glanced at Sean. He was analyzing her with hope written plainly on his face. “Neither of us have a car.”
“I’ll pick him up,” Sean said without hesitation.
“He’ll pick you up.” She relayed to Ben.
“He? Your boss? Er, Captain or whatever?”
“Yeah. If you’ll agree to help.”
“I get the run of the whole art studio?”
“It’s an art department, Ben. Not studio. There is art stuff stocked there, you know? And no Abbey. Abbey-free all weekend.”
“Stocked art stuff… Oh!” Ben finally got the magnitude of the offer, although Krista thought the Abbey-free part was the sweet part. “Deal. When do you need me?”
“Now-ish I think. Hold on.” She held the phone away. “When does this happen?”
“How fast can you work?” Sean asked.
“Me? I can have the research done in a couple hours, tops. Less if we’re going for just passable. I can get all the art stuff together, too. So by tonight I am good to go.”
“Then you have your answer.”
“Yes but he needs a ride.”
“I’m ready when you are. Or whenever it suits him.” Sean nodded to the phone. He must have been out of his mind desperate to be so easy going about all this.
“Ben?” She said getting back on the phone. “Can you be ready to help in about two hours, maybe three?”
“That’s fine. I will have all my stuff packed by then.”
“Okay, I’ll call before we come.”
“’Kay.” The phone clicked before she could say good-bye. Ben was notorious for failing to give a farewell on the phone.
“He’ll do it. I’ll go get my part done.” She got up.
“I don’t think I got you a big enough raise,” Sean said, looking at her with soft eyes. His eyes were so lovely. She’d never seen that brilliant color green before. So pure. She wanted to drink in his look as he pulled her against his body. 
Sean retracted his gaze when she gave a small jump and turned red. “Yup, okay. See you on the flip side.” And she whisked out of the office.
“It was a nice little moment, though,” Sean said to himself with a smile.

As Krista made her way distractedly down the hall, that last look echoing through her body, she realized someone was in her office. Slowing, she peered in the window from the hallway, just making out a buzz cut and the profile of Jacob’s face as he sat in her visitor chair, facing her desk.
Not now!
She hesitated, fidgeting. She didn’t want to go in. She was in a hurry, had possibly a ton to do, and Sean was waiting on her. But she didn’t want to be mean or brusque, either. The guy was the head of the IT department—he gaveth, he could probably taketh away. Or at least breaketh. 
She’d wait him out. He couldn’t sit there forever.
Although, why was he sitting there in the first place? Creepy.
Decision made, she about-faced in a hurry, the break room in mind, when she ran smack into a hard chest. The sweet smell of cologne accosted her nose as a pair of fabulous pecs hugged her neck.
“What—”
“Sssssshhhhhh!”Krista slapped her hand over Marcus’s mouth and pushed him down the hall, crinkling her papers between them as she heaved with her whole body. The guy was slimmer than Sean, yes, but he definitely had lots of muscle tone. If Krista hadn’t been 90% positive he was gay, she would take notice. Possibly cop a feel.
Another feel.
She pushed Marcus up against the elevator, frantically pushing the “v” button, drowning the hallway in click-click-click-click.
“Now can I ask what is going on?” Marcus whispered, unperturbed that her hand stayed in the middle of his chest, keeping him put. “Is the young stud naked in your office? Because if so, I want to see that!”
95% gay.
“No! It’s Jacob! He’s hanging out in my office!” Krista poked the button a few more times, then threw a glance behind her to make sure he hadn’t come out into the hall.
“Is he into you?” Marcus asked with a twinkle in his eye. His gaze conspiratorially glanced past her head down the hallway.
“Yes. Where the hell is the elevator? He’s asked me for drinks a couple times but I tell him I have a boyfriend.”
“Do you?”
“Kinda. I guess. I don’t know. But for him I do!”
“Really.” Marcus’s body eased back against the elevator door in a lounge, taking in the whole situation. “And why are you unsure if you have a boyfriend, my love? I myself am often unsure, but that’s because I don’t know if my boys are taking things the wrong way.”
100%
“Because—I don’t know. It doesn’t matter. Just—“
The door finally opened with a nail biting slide, taking its merry time. Krista, still pushing at Marcus to get him moving, and Marcus, forgetting what surface he leaned against in excitement to hear her gossip, didn’t adequately prepare for the loss of a solid object. They both rolled along the shiny, metallic surface, falling in a cascade of limbs into the empty air.
Fortunately, someone was there to block their fall.
Unfortunately, he smelled like ocean and musk and delight and sin, all bottled in an aromatic elixir.
 Sean stood firm, only taking a small step back as Marcus’s body barreled into him, sliding down his front to the floor, Krista riding him like a sled the whole way.
“What is going on?” Sean asked in utter confusion, his eyes focusing on the mess of papers littering across the floor.
 “Krista is trying to turn me straight!” Marcus replied in a laughing wheeze from the floor, unable to properly breathe with a frantic Krista scrambling on top of him. “She even groped me!”
Krista righted herself, hair caught in the drool at the side of her mouth, and faced those piercing green eyes. The papers were in a wadded ball of distortion at her chest.
“It’s just—um…” Krista cleared her throat at Sean’s quirked brow and yanked her top straight, a possible reason for this mess eluding her. Exhaling everything in her lungs, she went with it. “Yes, I was trying to turn Marcus straight. I did, in fact, grope him. He’s got a nice bod.” She turned to Marcus, trying to shift the focus to him, pages crackling as she unconsciously creased another few. “Did it work, Marcus?” 
Marcus preened, “Well thank you, honey. It’s nice to be appreciated.” He took up his lounge against the back of the elevator, one long leg crossing over the other. “But no. You don’t know how to use my equip—“
“That’s enough,” Sean raised his hand to stop Marcus. “This conversation is a H.R. nightmare. What is really going on?”
“Wrestling?” Krista asked hopefully.
The doors opened again.
“Fix your top, sweetie,” Marcus said, smoothing his shirt. “Everyone will think we’ve had a three-way. Actually, I’d be willing to try…”
Sean raised his hand again with a pained expression on his face, not in the mood for tomfoolery.
Theresa entered the elevator. Mrs. Morning After had been the reason Krista realized Sean really was a pig. The first instance anyway. It was also the first time Krista had met Jacob. The circle of life was complete.
Theresa surveyed the elevator with a sweep of her eyes, recognizing Sean instantly. Her face fell, then turned red. Then an angry, livid purple. 
“Hi, Sean,” she said with a hand on her hip.
Marcus smirked and moved to the corner of the elevator to allow the former lovebirds more room. Krista quickly moved in his direction. Things had just gotten really awkward.
For a wonder, Sean didn’t even look embarrassed. There wasn’t a hint of remorse. He smiled and said, “Hello, Theresa. I haven’t seen you in a while. How’ve you been keeping?”
Some of the purple lessoned, making her face look a blotchy puce. 
“Oh, well …” She scanned the rest of the elevator. When she saw Krista she glowered. Renewing the hostile in her voice, she said, “Moved on already, huh?”
Krista looked around in confusion. “I beg your pardon?”
“Hi, Theresa,” Marcus said in a lazy tone. “How’d your mixer go?”
Theresa turned to Marcus as the elevator started moving. “Oh hi!” She was suddenly a ray of sunshine. “I didn’t see you there. It went great! I met this fab guy that has already taken me out to dinner. He’s a gentleman.” 
Krista surmised that was a dig at Sean. Based on the fact that Sean was looking toward the front of the elevator pleasantly, waiting for the right floor, it didn’t have much effect. 
“Wonderful. Sorry I couldn’t make it, doll,” Marcus said, checking which floor was chiming. “I had a million things to do Friday night.”
“Oh, no problem.” Theresa waved the thought away. “At least you responded. Some people didn’t even bother to do that.”
Another dig at Sean.
The doors opened.
“C’mon gang,” Sean said, stepping out.
They were on his floor. Theresa stepped out as well.
“Okay, bye, Marcus,” Theresa said sweetly. “Bye, Sean.” Not so sweet.
“It was great seeing you, Theresa.” Sean continued to use the same pleasant tone. Theresa got stars in her eyes before she about faced and walked away, trying to throw as much hip into it as she possibly could.
As Marcus and Krista followed Sean around a corner, Marcus asked in a voice tinged with humor, “Another one of your ex’s, Sean?” 
“It has to last more than a night to be an ex, doesn’t it?” Krista asked Marcus, struggling to keep up with their walking pace.
Sean half turned with a warning look as they reached the door for the stairs.
“Where are we going?” Krista asked.
“Back to your office, via the stairs,” Sean said, holding the door for the other two.
“Oh no! No way!” Marcus exclaimed. “I have a very regimented workout routine that does not involve stairs.”
“I have four-inch heels that are adorable but not all that comfortable.” Krista pointed at her feet. “My feet will not hold up for three flights of stairs.”
“They are adorable.” Marcus nodded thoughtfully, looking at her heels. “But you should put more money into your footwear. They’ll last longer and be easier on your feet. Girl, you should know this!”
“Yes, I do know this, but I don’t make enough to constantly buy pricey footwear. With as many—“
“Stairs, now,” Sean interrupted firmly.
“Ooouu, I like when he gets firm,” Marcus said with a smirk, pushing Krista in front of him. 
“I don’t,” Krista replied petulantly, gingerly putting her foot on the first stair as if it was covered in grime. “It means it’s harder to get out of what he wants.”
“This is true,” Marcus followed Krista’s example with the same expression of distaste.
Halfway up, Krista had to stop. “My feet are seriously killing me, you guys. I can’t do this.”
“Take off your shoes,” Sean said behind her.
“Eww! I’ll probably get syphilis from this floor. No.”
“Then soldier on.” Sean put a hand lightly on her back.
She hobbled up another two steps before she had to stop again. Marcus was on the landing, waiting. Sean stepped up beside her. 
He held out his arm, “Help?”
“It’s not my balance that’s the problem,” Krista said, looping her arm in his and the other on the railing, using the two like crutches. 
Sean looked down at her shoes. “Are they worth it?”
“Yes, when a fool doesn’t make me climb stairs or walk around the company all day.”
“A fool, huh?” Sean asked, chuckling.
“Uh oh, someone who doesn’t pander to the young stud. What will his ego do now?” Marcus leaned against the wall, watching the scene with interest.
“You never told me,” Sean said, ignoring Marcus. “What were you two doing falling into the elevator?”
“Just, uh…”
“Running from Jacob,” Marcus supplied, looking at his nails.
“Jacob? Why?” Sean’s voice got suspicious.
“He was in my office,” Krista admitted. “I didn’t feel like talking to him so I thought I’d wait him out.”
“What was Jacob doing waiting in your office when you weren’t there?”
“Loitering? I don’t know. I didn’t want to find out.”
“Does he visit you often?” 
Marcus looked from his nails, eyes finding Sean’s face.
“Not often, no.” Krista grimaced as her heel got a hot spot, a blister forming. “Just to ask me out on occasion.”
“To ask you out? And you’ve said…”
Marcus’s brow knit as he continued to study Sean. 
“I’ve said I had a boyfriend,” Krista replied slowly, uncertain where this round of questioning was going. 
“A boyfriend? And do you?”
Krista felt the weight of the stare. Also that Sean had slowed their climb to nearly not moving at all. “Um, kinda?”
“You’re not sure?”
A wicked smile crept up Marcus’s face as he honed in on Sean.
Unused to the third degree from anyone but Kate and Jasmine, Krista got anxious. “Uhhhmmm…no—well, yes. I don’t know. I’ve been seeing him. Paul. I’ve mentioned Paul before…”
“You’re still seeing Paul?” Sean cut in, stopped now, his body facing her.
“Yes?”
“Didn’t you say you were bored?”
“Urrmm…well…I’m still getting to know him. I just…have issues...” The man was sounding like Kate when Krista was being grilled about Sean. She wasn’t sure what the hell Sean wanted. Why did it matter who she saw? And why was he asking in front of Marcus, who was all but taking notes?
“You are trying to like a guy that you currently don’t so you, what? Get good Samaritan points?” Sean demanded. He stared at her, emotions warring on his face, none of them readable. Before Krista could say anything, he shook his head and said, “Forget it. C’mon.” 
He turned his back to her and lowered, reaching back with his hands.
 “What—why?”
“What just happened?” Marcus asked, looking back and forth between the two of them like the TV was switched off by a ghost.
“Get on. I’ll give you a piggy back,” Sean explained casually.
Marcus’s smile turned back into a puzzled expression, his head tilting at Sean’s sporadic behavior. 
“I’m in a skirt, I’m not—“
“Get on. I’m losing my patience,” Sean said quietly.
“I can’t believe I am doing this in a skirt,” Krista uttered, climbing on to Sean’s broad back.
“I wish I had my phone on me,” Marcus whispered excitedly, “I need a picture of this.”
“Shut up, Marcus,” Krista muttered, hiking up her skirt to get her legs around Sean’s middle.
“I know about Mike at the Christmas party, Marcus,” Sean said casually, looping his arms around Krista’s thighs. “If you tell this story, I’ll tell that one.”
“You know about…” Marcus fell silent, suddenly less relaxed than Krista had ever seen him. He turned away from the other two and continued climbing. “This would have been good, too. I really wanted to see Monica’s face.”
It was a pleasant climb. While Marcus was quietly contemplating whatever secret Sean knew, Krista was breathing in Sean’s scent, squeezing him with her legs, feeling his muscles bunch and extend beneath her. She nearly rested her head on his shoulder and tucked her face into his neck. It would have been great to lightly tickle his neck with her breath, give him a gentle brush with her tongue before she nipped him. She’d love to see what he did. Love to see if he lost control. She wanted to feel the body under this jacket, currently rubbing her crotch through her thin panties. She wanted to know if he’d become aroused—if he’d treat her like all his other girls, or slow down for her. Focus more on her pleasure than his own.
She was lost in her fantasy. Lost in the thoughts of tasting his skin. In seeing if that taste was as great as its accompanying smell. 
And then to her horror…she did!
While her mind was thoroughly in the clouds, she bent her face and ever so lightly trailed her wet lips across the base of his soft neck. She felt his arms flex around her legs, his biceps hardening around her parted thighs. She tightened her hold too, lost to it, lost to the sensation of what she was feeling in that moment, completely unaware of everything else around her. She opened her mouth and trailed her tongue up his neck, making his body go slightly rigid…then followed through with nipping him lightly.
Sean took a deep inhalation of breath and stopped dead. It was what finally woke Krista up from her erotic dream.
“Oh holy fuck!” She nearly threw up with what she’d just done. What the God-damned hell is happening to me? I-am-losing-my-mind!! 
Marcus was turning around, just about to open the door that would let them out onto the floor. Sean, still frozen, would not let go of her legs. Marcus’s confused eyes hit Sean’s face, of which Krista couldn’t see, then knit in another confused furrow.
“What’s a’matter?” Marcus asked Sean.
“Let me down, Sean,” Krista said, scrambling, trying to break his hold on her legs.




Chapter Seventeen

Sean, so God-damned turned on his cock felt like it was ready to explode, couldn’t move. If he did, he would back her up against the wall so fast no one could stop him, and ram himself into her with everything he had. He needed to plunge so deeply inside of her he reached the center of her being, then thrust and thrust until the world went black. If he let go right now, his control would follow immediately after.
“Sean, c’mon!” Krista struggled behind him, her apex grinding into his back. 
Sean clenched his whole body. In a voice thick with need and tight with strain, he said, “Marcus, help her away, please.”
Marcus recognized that look. He was a man after all. He was also a man who knew other men at the height of arousal. He knew exactly what was going on, but Sean couldn’t worry about that right now. 
 “Okay, yeah…” Krista clattered to the wall, the sound of her heels against the concrete echoing through the hallway. She swiped her hair out of her face and raised her chin, trying for some decorum. She wiped her forehead of sweat. “That’s—we—I’m…” Krista gave a thumbs-up, then scoffed at herself. “I’ll go brave Jacob now, if that’s okay…”
Shaking her head, she crossed in front of the other two with her head bowed. When she was through the door Marcus stepped up to Sean with a sinful smile.
“Having difficulty, there, ‘ol boy?” Marcus clapped Sean on the back.
Sean put his hands on his hips and let out a breath in a whoosh. 
“What happened?” Marcus pushed.
Sean shook his head and looked at the door Krista had just walked through. “She caught me off guard.”
“With what? How?”
Sean looked at Marcus, waiting expectantly with an excited grin, and was extremely thankful he had dirt on the guy. “Never mind. Let’s go save her from Jacob. We’ve wasted a lot of time and I still have a million things to get through before day’s end.”
As Sean stepped through the door, his body taut and flexed, he spied Krista halfway to her office and rushed to catch up. He couldn’t bat down a strange anxiety pinging through his body. A surge of adrenaline pumped his blood, forcing his breath out in fast pants. 
He didn’t want another man touching her. It was a first. He’d always thought his complete lack of jealousy was one of his greatest flaws. When a girl revealed she was dating more than just him, he’d usually shrugged, completely unaffected. Rarely he’d believe it was true, and when he did, he’d assumed it was to make her seem more desirable; the carrot to the donkey. It never worked, although he always appreciated the excuse to end the acquaintance.
Not so, now. As Krista hurried toward a room Sean had set aside for her, invaded by another male, something primal in Sean opened up and blossomed out, consuming him. Filling every inch of his sizable frame with purpose he felt raw and invigorated, as if a pure shot of testosterone boosted his strength and prowess, making him feel more powerful. If he didn’t feel like such a man, he’d be worried about the reason behind this sudden rush.
“Krista, wait,” Sean instructed as he drew near, Marcus following along behind.
Krista stopped, bowed in on herself, embarrassed at her behavior. She needn’t have been, but Sean couldn’t deal with that now.
He stepped in front of Krista into the room, blocking her from view, eyes finding, then sticking, to Jacob, currently sitting in a visitor chair with a notepad resting on his lap, “Jacob.” 
Startled, Jacob looked up with wide eyes.
“Why are you sitting, unattended, in someone else’s office?”
The color drained from Jacob’s face before indignation rushed in. Jacob’s chin tilted upwards. “That isn’t any of your business, McAdams.”
Sean took two more steps into the room, now further in than Jacob. “Despite the fact that it is rude and unprofessional, as someone in your position should know, this office belongs to one of my team members, who is working on a sensitive project. You shouldn’t be in here, especially unattended.”
“I’m here on business,” Jacob said brusquely, defending his position with a puffed up chest.
“Ooo, he’s going for the showdown. Risky,” Marcus whispered in a hurried hush. 
Sean ignored Marcus, though he couldn’t help but notice Jacob flinch. They both knew Marcus was right. 
“What business?” Sean asked, stepping closer to Krista’s chair.
Jacob’s face hardened by Sean trying to claim the space, “I am checking out her equipment. Making sure it is satisfactory.”
“You could have left a message or sent an email. Even so, being that you were sitting in the chair, you’ve finished your analysis, I presume?”
Jacob stared in defiance.
“Well, then,” Sean continued, “I assume that means you have no reason to be loitering in her office?”
“I also planned to warn her about her email use.”
Krista’s face lost its color. Her lush lips slimmed down into a thin line as her body imploded, the strength of her character sapping at the threat. Her eyes sunk to the ground, waiting for punishment from a clown acting like nothing more than a bully.
An urge to bodily throw Jacob from the room came over Sean in a wave. Like it did when he’d realized Krista had been abused in the past, something awoke. Something violent. Those witnessing saw a new light shining in his eyes. Something wild. Something disturbed and unruly. 
Jacob unconsciously took a step back.
“Who do you report to? Chris, isn’t it?” Sean asked in the smooth tones of a predator. Marcus faintly gasped.
Jacob brought himself to his full height. “Just doing my job,” he said in a matter-of-fact tone. “Nothing you can do about that, despite your threats.”
“No?” Sean asked quietly.
“They’re throwing down!” Marcus whispered excitedly into Krista’s ear. “Going for a power play to see who rates over the other. They’ve wanted to do this forever, but never had a good enough reason. You are gossip gold, girlie.”
Jacob stared at Sean, suddenly faltering on confidence. He turned to Krista. “Sorry Krista,” he said, in a tone that did not sound sorry in the least. “Personal email is a warning for your file. If it doesn’t stop you may be terminated. I’m going to have to write you up.”
Krista gasped.
“You will address the complaint, as is standard for your department, and I will take up the matter,” Sean said, slowly sauntering to Krista’s side. He wanted to put his arm around her so badly he had to put it in his pocket to keep it at bay. “You will then be shut out of reviewing the emails or web content of everyone on my team.”
“Is that so, McAdams? On whose authority? Yours?”
“If I don’t get you fired first. Now please leave. You’ve overstayed your welcome.”
Jacob huffed as he left the room, confidence restored at the firing threat. He didn’t think Sean could do it, a mistake he wouldn’t realize until he was packing his desk.
 “I should have handled that myself,” Krista said in a small voice.
 The power play had shaken her. 
“Do you have reason to believe he is reading your emails?” Sean asked, bending to catch her eye.
“I told Kate yesterday that I was having second thoughts about Paul. He shows up today. In the past he has only shown up to ask me out. You do the math.”
“Have you ever mentioned anything in emails about our project?”
“To me, all the time,” Marcus chimed in gleefully, mentally taking notes on the conversation, adding it to the story in progress.
“To Ben, getting help on format, to Kate and Jasmine about a couple of statistical issues. There was never anything in there about the client’s name or anything. It was just numbers or colors. Ben or the girls wouldn’t know anything beyond that.”
Sean nodded, thinking. He turned to Marcus. “Get some gossip. Find out who else Jacob has been spying on. Get some proof if you can.”
“I can talk about this?” Marcus asked with one foot theoretically out of the office, ready to sprint down the hall and find the first ear he could.
“Go crazy. This though…” Sean held up a finger. “Not anything else.”
Marcus’s face lit up. “This is so much better than anything else!”
And he was gone.
“You didn’t need to do that, Sean,” Krista said uncomfortably. 
“That wasn’t really about you, Krista,” Sean replied sincerely, trying to catch her eye again. Embarrassment was covering her like a blanket.
“Him and I—you were just the catalyst. I’ve wanted to get him fired for years. Now I get the green light to try. You, unfortunately, were just the modem.”
“Okay,” Krista deflated. “I need to get to work.”
“You won’t get written up, Krista. None of his grudge matches ever do.” Sean reached to put his hand on her arm, but resisted at the last second, landing limp at his side. He worried she’d flinch again, or worse, that tears would spring up.
“I need to get to work,” Krista said again, still avoiding his eyes.
Sean sincerely hoped it was the thing with Jacob that caused her face to point at the floor, otherwise he didn’t get it. The woman licked him, for God sakes.  How could she go back to acting like she didn’t want him?
Although, maybe she’d thought he rejected her. He had gone still. Not even a playful remark. Certainly no encouragement. Maybe she felt she’d stepped over the line and no one was there to catch her. Or play with her. 
Sean closed his eyes, ignoring those who said hi to him. Oh holy God, he would love to play with her. With his tongue. Until she was writhing, tangled in his sheets, begging to come.
He slipped into the bathroom to hide his hard-on. He had on boxers and slacks. Not a winning combo in this situation. He needed to start wearing boxer-briefs when she was around.
When he finally got back to his desk, something occurred to him. Two seconds after the bite, after she’d softly moaned and stroked his chest while breathing on the wet skin from her lick, she’d jerked and swore. Like she hadn’t meant to do it, but did it anyway. Like she’d lost control there for a minute.
Which meant…she liked him. She liked him, but didn’t want him. She felt it, but didn’t want to give in to it because of his reputation. A reputation she was convinced he deserved.
How do you compete against your other, more experienced half and win?
With a girl like her, friendship was the pits. It was like being in a race car and slowing down for a yellow light. It wasn’t his style.
Game on.

An hour and a half later, Sean saw a pair of troubled blue-gray eyes looking at him from over a packet of paper.
“Done already?” Sean asked, surprised.
Krista stayed in the doorway. She still looked extremely embarrassed. He tried to keep the smile from his face. “Passable, right?”
“Right. Come in.”
She hesitated.
“Are you expecting me to go to you?” Sean laughed, trying to get Krista comfortable again. It was a little disconcerting how seriously she was taking that physical slip-up. It didn’t bode well for Sean’s chances in getting her to go out with him.
“No, of course not.” Krista gingerly entered the office.
“I don’t bite,” he said without thinking.
Her face flushed a furious shade of red. Sean immediately reached for the paperwork to try and hide the moment. He couldn’t stand up too far, though—not without a barrel to hide his once again raging hard-on.
Krista nearly threw the packet at him and backed up toward the door. “I put it together the best I could,” she said quickly. “But Ben will probably change it.”
Sean looked through her materials. It was nearly ready to go as it was. “Did you put in different images?”
Krista nodded, looking out at the hall. “Now that I have access to the art database I can look for images that go better. Art and Research need to communicate more often or all the presentations will continue to be disjointed.”
“Fat chance.” 
Krista shrugged.
“Okay, let’s get going. Do we need to call Ben before we leave?”
“You want me to go?” Krista’s face drained of color again. She didn’t want to be alone in close proximity with him. She probably felt she owed him an explanation. She wasn’t aware that he didn’t need it.
 “I think that would be best, don’t you?” Sean asked casually, leaning back and putting the packet on his desk. “I don’t know where you live and I’ve never met your roommate.”
Krista sighed. “I guess. When?”
“Now-ish?”
“Okay.”
Sean moved from around his desk, closed and locked his office door, and then he was ready to go. They took the elevator down to the basement level parking garage.
“You pay for parking?” Krista asked, surveying all the fancy cars. 
 “No. Perks of making the company money.”
Sean led her around a candy-apple red Corvette to his BMW.
“Who does the Corvette belong to?” Krista asked as she eyed the shiny sports car.
“One guess.”
“John.”
“Correct.” He opened her door and waited until she was comfortably inside before closing it softly.
 “Where are your driving gloves?” Krista asked after Sean climbed into the driver’s seat.
Sean reached over her bare knees, making her flinch back slightly, as he popped the glove compartment open.
“Shut up,” Krista peered in the little cubby, trying to find the driving gloves he alluded to.
“What must you think of me?” Sean laughed, flicking the glove compartment shut. “Of course I don’t have driving gloves! Who am I, John?”
“He has’em, though, doesn’t he?”
“He does. Black leather ones. He wears them when he drives fast on the freeway or windy roads, supposedly. I’ve never seen it myself.”
They exited the parking garage into the mild, late winter day.
“Where to?” Sean asked.
“46th and Quintara.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, I know, way out there.”
“Do you surf?”
“Funny story. I intended to when I moved out from Seattle, but …”
“What happened?”
“The temperature of the water.”
Sean barked a laugh, “Say no more.”
“Do you know the way?” Krista asked, scanning the streets with squinting eyes. 
“Sure do.”
They sat in silence for a second before Krista ventured to speak, “So…”
“Sew buttons.”
 “About what happened earlier…with the…episode I had…“
“When you turned into a vampire, you mean?”
 “Yeah, about that. Sorry that I…you know…”
 “Tried to suck my blood?”
Krista blew out her breath. “Yeah. I wasn’t in my right mind. I don’t usually make it a habit of going around...”
“Chewing on people’s necks?”
Krista laughed nervously, “That, yeah.”
“What was up with that? Did my stink overcome you and you turned werewolf or something?”
She laughed again, more relaxed now that he was laughing it off. She looked out the window. “I was daydreaming about Brad Pitt, I guess.”
“Oh yeah, I get that all the time. The likeness is uncanny, so I’m told.”
She rolled her eyes. “You look exactly like him, sure. You could be his wax statue.”
“His wax statue?” Sean laughed. “Tell me honestly… You were actually going for my jugular, weren’t you?”
She gave another relieved laugh. “You caught me. I figured I’d end it there, but then I realized that Marcus would tell and I didn’t feel like going to jail.”
“Consider me warned.” 
They drove for a while longer in silence. Krista turned to him suddenly.
“You’re happy to finally get to meet Ben, aren’t you?” she asked suspiciously.
It was one of the reasons he was in such a good mood, just about the only one that he’d openly admit. “Guilty. I want to see if he is as good as he seems. And if he is, I want access to him. We could use him.”
“He’s in school. He only works part-time.”
“Good. He’s cheaper. If he is a fast worker, we only need him part-time.”
“He’s terribly slow with art.”
“You probably think that because you get bored watching him do it.”
“And listening to him talk about it.”
Sean laughed as they pulled onto Krista’s street. She directed him to her house then jumped out to get Ben, who answered the door with arms full of what could only be called junk.
“What are you mak—actually, no, never mind. C’mon.” Krista took a large piece of Styrofoam and turned back to the car. 
“I ate your pizza,” Ben said as he navigated down the steps.
“You ate my pizza?” Krista whined.
“I am doing you a favor over finals weekend. You owe me. I decided that pizza was the payment.”
“Can I help?” Sean asked, not sure what to grab because there were pipes and ribbon and all manner of odd things.
“There is more in the house,” Ben threw his head toward the open door, getting to the sidewalk. “Is this the car?”
“Sean, you owe me pizza,” Krista yelled after him. “And I want Goat Hill because it is delicious and I was really looking forward to it.”
Sean passed her with a pile of pipes. “Done. I’ll buy, you get delivery.”
Ben gave Sean direction on how best to fit it in the trunk. Then the boys faced each other.
“I’m Sean.” He extended his hand.
“The Captain?” Ben asked, shaking hands.
Sean smiled. “I loved what you did with Krista’s presentation.”
“Oh, that was easy.” Ben cast his eyes at the ground. “You should see what she does with my finances.”
“C’mon,” Krista said, getting into the car.
“I think I put her in a bad mood,” Sean apologized.
Ben stepped around him toward the back door on Krista’s side. “Oh no, I knew full well what I’d get if I ate her pizza. She gets cranky when she’s hungry. Or when you eat leftovers she was looking forward to. She’ll get over it.”
Sean crossed to the driver’s side as the other man got into the car. Ben was a trip. Small, nerdy, mousy—he wasn’t a type of guy Sean had ever hung out with—which was about to change. Ben obviously knew Krista well, which meant they were friends. It was another “in” to her life, and Sean would take everything he could get. He wanted to get bit again.
When Sean crawled in, the two were sitting in silence. “All set?”
“Yup,” Ben said, crossing his hands on his lap. Krista looked out the window.
“Kris, I didn’t have any choice. You can just order more,” Ben said reasonably.
“I know. I need a minute to mope.”
“Are you like this with all food, or just pizza?” Sean asked as he started the car.
“Never touch her chocolate,” Ben declared as he looked over his pile of art in the back seat.
“So what are you working on?” Sean asked Ben.




Chapter Eighteen

Krista immediately zoned out. Once Ben got going he was unstoppable, and it all sounded harebrained. To Krista, a sculpture made out of junk was still just a pile of junk. To Ben, it was an expression of humanity’s struggle with garbage. And he was paying top dollar to express that. Purely illogical.
Once they got to the building and parked, Krista and Sean helped Ben carry all his crap up to the office Sean would soon move into. Apparently Ben would get to work in the art department later, after Sean was sure everyone had gone home. They all walked in to the giant office, equipped with a bookcase, a giant desk, a table with chairs around it, and a great view.
“Nice life,” Ben said, looking around. “It’s bigger than my bedroom.”
“It was not easy to get.” Sean crossed to a visitor chair and pointed for Ben to take the plush leather seat behind the desk. Ben looked way out of place.
“Krista, show him what we got and what we need,” Sean said as he leaned back, closed his eyes and crossed his ankle over his knee.
“Please,” she replied in her mother’s voice.
“S’il te plaȋt,” Sean said in French with a smirk. Krista got a zing in her stomach that he used the familiar form. Also that he even knew it. “But first, look in the right top desk drawer.”
Krista slid the drawer open and stared down at a well-organized drawer full of office supplies.
“Right desk drawer.”
“Oh,” Krista said, not quite done moping about her pizza. She’d grown up with a little sister who ate everything of Krista’s. Literally everything. Ice cream was the worst. When you got home after school and you wanted your Rocky Road, especially after thinking about it all day, and you opened the carton, so excited, and you found … an empty freaking carton with a note that said, “Loser!” it really killed a girl’s mood. It didn’t matter where she hid her food, either, her sister found it and ate it—even the stuff the wench didn’t like. 
It was now one of her biggest pet peeves. 
She opened the drawer and found a Snickers.
“Will that help?” Sean asked, observing her.
Krista snatched it and met his sparkling green eyes. “You keep candy in your desk?”
“Snickers for when I can’t get out to lunch and need a lift, but I’ll start stocking more from now on.”
“Wise,” Ben nodded.
Krista held on to the Snickers as she leaned over Ben and logged into the computer. She accessed the art database and presentation, both showing him the research, which he blinked at and shook his head, and then the art portion. 
When she was done, he said, “That’s a mess.”
“Can you put it together?” Sean asked, hope replaced with worry. 
“Well, do you have any other pictures? Those don’t really go with what you’re trying to convey.”
 “Show him the files,” Sean gave a vague motion with his finger.
“Please,” Krista said again, hiding a chuckle as she clicked the mouse over Ben’s shoulder.
Sean sighed. “Pretty please.” 
“Don’t sigh around Jasmine,” Ben said as his eyes followed Krista’s hands on the keyboard. “She’ll flick you in the head. It hurts.”
Sean sat forward laughing as Krista showed Ben how to search the database. Ben was a smart kid—it took him one pass and he was on his own. He made happy sounds of an art nerd’s wet dream. It took him all of fifteen minutes to find what he was after, then another fifteen putting everything together. He lost no time in accessing Krista’s research and changing the layout. “Kris, I don’t know how to work with this graph and stuff.”
Mouth full of Snickers, she saw her information in different colors and different places on the page. The only thing she’d done that still looked the same was the actual data.
“Sean seems to think I do good work,” she said in humorous exasperation. “Then you come in and change everything like I’m a dunce.” 
Ben shrugged, “It’s the hair color.”
Sean started laughing again.
Ignoring Sean, but unable to keep a small smile from her lips, Krista changed the graph to Ben’s precise, and irritating, qualifications, then straightened up and looked at him.
 “Print,” Ben commanded. “Now you can just put it together while I look through all this great art! My company doesn’t hold a candle to all this!”
Sean opened his eyes with a gleam. He now knew how to sell Ben on a job. Krista wondered how long it would take to bring him over to the dark side. Her guess was not long.
She got everything off the printer, put it in order, including her revamped table of contents, and gave it to Sean.
“Amazing,” he breathed quietly. 
“It will work then?” She asked, inadvertently noticing the bulge of his pants as they tightened over his man parts. She wondered what kind of underwear he wore. Also, if he was this big when relaxed, she wondered how big he was when he was at full mast...
Sean glanced up and caught her look. He cocked his head with that devilish grin playing on his lush lips. It was awfully hard to bluff when you kept showing your cards to everyone at the table.
He held her eyes for a moment longer, heat kindling, before he tore them away and looked down at the new report. He cleared his throat then said, “This is perfect. I need to add a few things of my own, then it’s ready for John. This company needs people in charge like you and Ben. This took half a work day, tops, and it’s in perfect shape. Just think what we can do with more time?”
After the report was ready for Sean, and Ben got a tour of the art department, which had his eyes sparkling like a man in a mid-life crisis looking at a Ferrari, everyone was left to their own devices, which meant Krista, who refused to take Sean’s money for pizza, went home alone to an empty house and an empty calendar. She would have had an empty belly, too, since without the pizza the fridge she was down to moldy cheese, OJ, and Abbey’s labeled items, but five minutes after she got home she got a text from a number she didn’t recognize telling her Goat Hill was on its way.
She now had Sean’s number. It was the whipped cream to the mud pie of the day. 

Once Sean had Ben’s phone number, effectively pushing aside the middle man—Krista—it was only a matter of time before he talked Ben into a job. She had absolutely no doubt it would happen. Not many people could say “no” to Sean for long when he had something in his sights, and Ben barely needed a push. Once he saw the empire the catalogers had built, and the fully stocked art department, he was begging to be brought over.
So barely a week later, when Ben plopped down next to her on the couch one evening, she figured Sean was somewhere, relaxing, complimenting himself on his effective sales work.
 “He talked you into it,” she stated without preamble.
“He said that someday I could be the head of the art department. And after all, I need a job, why should it matter which company? And your company is seriously set up in a way my other company wasn’t.”
“Ben, he could tell anyone they could be the head of the art department. It doesn’t mean you will be.”
“But he said if I worked with you then we would probably rise up together. And that makes sense because we do make a good team.”
“We would be in different departments. It wouldn’t be our choice to work together.”
“But he’s right; I can work anywhere while I am going to school. I might as well work in the place that gives me the best deal.”
She couldn’t argue with that. If it was a good deal for Ben, and knowing Sean, it was, then she couldn’t fault Sean for making it happen. 
She answered by shrugging. The decision was made and she hoped Sean and company didn’t gobble him up.
After watching TV for a few minutes, Ben said, “He is a very attractive guy.”
That’s an understatement. But where was he going with it? Ben wasn’t gay, but he did have an artist’s perspective. A glance at him revealed nothing. Was it just commentary in general, or aimed at her specifically? She knew Ben would never point out that Sean was out of her league, but her brain certainly put the implication there.
“Indeed,” she replied nonchalantly, hopefully leading him nowhere with her response so he would have no choice but to elaborate. 
Frustratingly, he left it at that! That meant she had to, too, or else it would be glaringly obvious she liked the guy, which was something she didn’t even want to admit to herself, let alone say out loud.

The day approached for the long-anticipated dinner and wine fundraiser. As promised, the whole team would go sans dates, along with, but not in the same ride as, the executives and some prominent members of the company. Sean’s team would be solely responsible for hanging around and hopefully talking to someone important. They were given assigned tables and, apparently, paired with someone they could dazzle. Krista’s person of note was one of the guys in the presentation room so long ago. In other words, no one of consequence. All she had to do was let him look at her boobs and it was in the bag. 
Which meant she had an excuse to show them. Dazzle factor: check!
She was wearing a new dress that made her bod look super sexy, but was still mostly conservative. It covered all the necessary elements while still showing off her form. And yes, maybe it could have covered a little more boob, but it was still G-rated, and she did have an excuse for that, so she didn’t worry about it. 
She did her hair in a long flowing coif and applied striking makeup since it was a dressy affair. She had a ton of fun making herself look glamorous, which meant she completely lost track of time, so when the doorbell rang, she threw out a curse, hastily grabbed her heels and sprayed on some perfume before she rushed to the door. 
Ray was standing there, waiting patiently, dressed in a well-tailored suit and perfectly combed hair. His shoes were like mirrors and relatively new. He probably hated dressing like this, but being a salesman, he was an old pro at it.
“Ready?” he asked pleasantly. 
Krista checked to make sure everything was in place. “Crap, my clutch!” She clattered down the hall like a lame horse. When she returned with everything accounted for, Ray led her down the front steps, holding out his hand to help her. Apparently the unlady-like clomping on wood floors made him nervous.
“I got it,” she said, daintily following him. She figured she’d better be extra elegant so he didn’t think she was homicide in heels.
It was then she was greeted by a fantastic sight! Nothing said important like showing up in a limousine! This was shaping up to be a good night.
“Going in style!” Krista said as Ray opened the door and handed her inside.
 “Krista, honey, you look ravishing!” Marcus exclaimed as she climbed in. 
Krista smiled radiantly. “Thanks, kind sir. I just bought this dress.”
“Who is it?”
“Michael Kors. I can’t afford Gucci.”
“Not yet, honey. Not yet. But someday soon you will.” Marcus and Judy laughed together as Krista got comfortable, a non-hopeful smile on her face.
Krista surveyed her surroundings as Ray handed her a glass of champagne. Sean sat near the front of the long, totally decked out limo. An overdone-up Monica sat beside him in a pair of tall stilettos, a super tight, ultra revealing black dress, and her entire bag of makeup applied to her face.
Those two were sitting in no-man’s-land, which was the very end of the limo, without a door in easy access. A person at that end had to crouch, scoot and climb down the middle of the smallish aisle while trying to look graceful and not tripping and falling on their head. If you were a girl with heels and a tight dress, like Monica, it guaranteed a fall! Krista should know, she’d been there before. Twice.
“Jesus Geek Girl, you live out in bum-fuck nowhere!” Marcus exclaimed.
“A.K.A. by the beach,” she retorted. 
Marcus and Judy sat halfway down the long aisle, across from the champagne. 
 “Yeah, way out by the beach,” Marcus said as he looked out the window at the not so distant waves. “I haven’t been out this far in I don’t know how long.”
“Well, at least you’re doing it in style!” Judy said in high spirits. 
Judy and Marcus looked a perfect pair. Both were dressed in sleek, black numbers. Marcus was in a suit that made him look young, hip and at the height of fashion. His handsome face was shed of all stubble and his smile was never misplaced. 
Judy was the model of conservative, with a high-neck, form-fitting dress. It was flashy without being tight or revealing. She had a cute pair of pumps that seemed well placed on her matronly, yet somehow still sleek, appearance. Krista hoped she looked half as good at her age. 
And if she’d said that out loud, she’d probably get slapped. Mental note.
Then there was Sean. 
Krista had to hand it to him, the man made the world sigh when he went all out. She didn’t get to see him standing, but she could imagine. Armani suit, she was sure of it. She would later learn it was perfectly tailored to his outstanding body. His hair was spiky in front and tamed on the sides, which made him look trendy and bad-boy at the same time. The man was a confident, shiny million-dollar-bill.  
She refrained from looking at him other than in glances, because Monica was overbearing in her scrutiny of the newcomer. Krista did not want to get in a catfight for a guy she had no interest in pursuing. How high-school. 
It took about ten minutes before Sean started his tirade of what to expect, who was important, and what to say. Moreover, what not to say. None of this dealt with the idiot at Krista’s table, so she let the bubbles wrap her up as she looked out the window in the lap of luxury.
At one point in the hour-and–a-half-long drive she came to realize a limo ride sucked without tunes, and reached up to the console above her head to flick on her favorite station. It wasn’t until she noticed the entire limo looking at her that she remembered this was a work function, and Sean had been talking.
“Oops,” she half-shrugged with an apologetic grin at five astonished faces. Well, four astonished faces. One was frustrated and mostly angry. 
She smiled sheepishly and turned the thing off, but for some reason, “My bad,” didn’t erase Sean’s look of death. He might have been under the impression she wasn’t paying attention. 
All too soon they arrived and were immediately thrust into the social work-world of Monica’s devising, which, being honest, she fit into perfectly. She twittered and moved around the crowd, touching men’s arms and laughing constantly. She was a social butterfly in mating season; it was gross.
Krista, in comparison, was the bearded lady. There was a special area for people like her, but unfortunately, she wasn’t in it. She was the nerd among cool people. The youth among adults. The poor college student among the business elite. And like a poor college student, she went to the bar. She knew how to fit in like a pro at the bar! Who said she didn’t have experience?

~*~*~*~

“You made it,” John said as Sean joined him.
“Just got here. There was more traffic than I expected.”
“Perfect timing. Tory just arrived. He’s without Emily.”
Sean looked around and spotted Tory over by the list of names and seating arrangements. “That’s not a good sign. He’ll probably try to duck out early.”
“That’s what I was thinking. Who have you got him next to?”
Sean turned away from Tory so the man didn’t realize he was the object of scrutiny. “Marcus. Tory doesn’t trust either of us and there was no one else.”
“What about Judy?”
“No.”
“Monica? She is looking hot tonight. She’s good for that sort of thing.”
“She doesn’t know the product. And she isn’t the right sort to talk to him.”
“True. Did you bring the cute Research girl?”
“Yes. She’s by the bar.”
John scanned the twinkling social hub and whistled. “Wow. Nice rack.”
“She’s not one I’d pair with Tory,” Sean said, looking the other way uncomfortably. 
He could watch Krista all night. In fact, that’s all he wanted to do. Despite the pressure of their job here tonight, it’s all he wanted to do. Earlier in the limo, as they’d pulled up to Krista’s house, Monica had spread her legs so her knee brushed his, trying to focus his attention on what waited between her thighs. And two years ago that might’ve still worked. But the second Krista’s body was silhouetted in the door frame, sporting a sleek, glittering blue dress that showed her off as he had never seen before, his thoughts and eyes stuck to her. Monica was pretty, sure, but in a manufactured sort of way. Krista was different. She was real. Too good for a guy like him. Too pure.
And if that would stop him trying for her, he’d truly be a changed man. He was more mature now, but he still had the arrogance of youth. He just wished he had a few tricks up his sleeve that she’d buy. She was a magician’s worst nightmare.
All that aside, he had an important job to do tonight, and he didn’t want, or need, the distraction. Tonight wasn’t about girls, no matter how pretty. No matter how intriguing. Sean was nervous and excited both. This was a true challenge. Tory was a smart, business-savvy executive at the height of his career, sitting on the empire he basically built. To land him tonight meant Sean was well on his way. It meant the Junior VP position was all but his.
“Speaking of Tory …” John said, interrupting Sean’s thoughts.
Tory was making his way to the bar. To the open spot right next to Krista, which happened to be the only place available.
“Doesn’t matter the man, we all like to look,” John said in that creepy way he had become known for.
 “Maybe I’ll head over,” Sean said in a tight voice. He didn’t want Krista speaking with Tory. She was too honest and he was too shrewd. It’d be over before it’d even begun.
“Leave her for a minute. Tory will know something’s up if you sprint in now. By the look of her, she doesn’t know who he is.”




Chapter Nineteen

“Scotch on the rocks.” 
Krista glanced to her right when she heard the smoker’s voice and saw a man in an expensive suit in his late forties or early fifties. Remembering that she was supposed to mingle, she turned her head in his direction. Then, not knowing what to say, hesitated with her mouth open.
“Are you all right?”
She recognized the look of concern in the man’s eyes, which probably had something to do with her looking skyward, mouth open, thinking. 
She laughed stupidly. “I’m an idiot, sorry. I was trying to think of a way to be chatty.”
“To be chatty?” He turned back to the bar. 
So did she, “Yeah, you know, sociable.”
“It doesn’t sound like you work in PR.”
Krista laughed again. “No. Not even close. Research. They don’t let us out much.”
“Then why are you here? If you don’t mind my asking.”
Million-dollar question. Krista didn’t know who this guy was, but based on the fact that she was left alone without one of her team rushing over to save her, she figured he wasn’t anyone too important. Still, she had to stick to the same story with everyone, so she hedged.
“I did well in a presentation. This is my gold star. Well…that, and my boss didn’t want to come. I don’t think he likes these things much.”
“I don’t blame him. Were you not permitted to bring a date?”
“Personal question,” Krista mumbled.
The man next to her looked over. Krista realized he’d heard.
“Sorry,” she said to her drink, trying to be polite but not really meaning it. “Often times it isn’t wise to point out that a single girl is alone at a function.”
The man next to her turned toward her. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean—“
She waved him away and looked out at the people mill-and-flocking around. Some might also call it socializing.
“Don’t worry about it. It doesn’t really apply in this situation anyway. Long story short, I didn’t know if we could bring a date or not because I didn’t ask. I didn’t really want to bring the man I’m seeing. Plus, it’s kind of like a wedding—if you bring someone no one else knows, then you have to babysit. I hate bringing a date to weddings.”
“But you are at the bar alone.”
“Yup. Hindsight.”
The man next to her snorted. 
“Tit for tat, why are you alone?” Krista asked, still trying to be polite and sociable. It didn’t come naturally with strangers. On the other hand, she’d have to leave her comfy little alcove at the bar soon, so she might as well talk to him until he wandered away or Sean would be irritated she wasn’t being a stupid social butterfly like Monica.
“My wife didn’t want to come, and unfortunately for me, she had a better excuse.”
“Had to wash her hair?”
The man laughed a smoker’s huff. He must have smoked for a good few years before he gave it up. He was older, late fifties, but no plastic surgery unlike many of the big-shot execs at this weird fundraiser. This guy was down-to-earth and had the buds of being interesting. He didn’t seem like he belonged. She knew how he felt.
“She claimed she was sick,” he replied, leaning against the bar. “Probably wanted to do a girls’ night.”
“Don’t blame her. I was really stoked about coming because I haven’t been to Napa yet, but I am having a hard time relaxing.”
“I agree with you.” 
Krista looked out at the sea of people again and saw Monica making her way over with Sean in tow.
“I should go. Research has a stigma for being anti-social—I don’t want to prove everyone wrong.”
“It was nice speaking with you.” 
Krista nodded, desperate to be out of the fearsome duo’s way. Unfortunately, since she was blocked in by rich old geezers and couldn’t sprint away fast enough, she got trapped by slut and sluttier.
Sean was looking at Krista in a penetrating gaze. He didn’t look happy. Monica was looking at her, too, but more in a, “Get lost, this is my man” sort of way that gave Krista the heebie-jeebies.
“Hey guys,” Krista said to the pair. “I was just heading out to...talk to people. It’s a really great party, Monica.”
“Sure Kristie, thanks,” Monica responded, dismissing her and smiling for the man with the smoker’s voice. 
Krista hesitated with that little slip. The twit absolutely knew her name! She was being an a-hole on purpose, and Krista got the mad desire to punch her in her face. Fortunately for the clown, Sean was in the way and Krista didn’t want to ruin her dress. Still-- Whore.
“Okay, then…” Krista said, inching away. The man spared her a glance, and then turned back to the bar, ignoring Sean and Monica. 
 Sean looked miffed.
Krista slowly wandered around, smile always present, and marveled at her surroundings. The winery, in a word, was splendid. It was everything one could imagine from a Napa Valley winery. It was stately and elegant with neatly rounded bushes, walkways clear and pristine, and flowers of all shapes and varieties blooming on the vast expanse of lawn around the grounds. 
Boring work-type people were gathered in an outdoor dining area lit with small, twinkling lights. The tables were all dressed with large centerpieces and white table linens. It was like a fairy tale, and if she didn’t know better, she’d think Monica was operating some fervent need to be a princess. 
It wasn’t hard to guess who the knight was supposed to be. But where was the dragon? 
I better not be the dragon!
When the soft bells tinkled for dinner, Krista nearly bowled over a rotund man. She was famished! The man tried to be cross after he stopped tottering around, but she laughed at herself good-naturedly and made an excuse about young people. He walked away shaking his head. Sean would never invite her to one of these again!
Once in her seat she realized that her mark was across the table behind the elaborate centerpiece. It meant she didn’t have to talk to him. Score!
As the bread was showing up and waiters were refilling her glass of wine, she heard, “Is this seat available?”
Krista looked up. The man from earlier was standing beside the empty seat next to her.
She scanned the table. “I’m not sure. I think it’s assigned seating.”
“Yes. This seat was reserved for Jamie Edwards, who is currently in Omaha.”
“Omaha? What would possess a person to go to Omaha?”
The man sat down, immediately moving his hands so a waiter could pour him a glass of wine. “Work. He’s opening a new branch.”
“Huh.”
“I see that you are in a better mood?” The man took a slice of bread. 
Krista passed the butter his way, “I am in a better mood; food’s coming. I was getting really hungry there for a minute,” Krista admitted. “I nearly knocked over some high-dollar guest in my panic for some bread.”
The man laughed. “My name’s Tory, by the way.”
“Krista,” she shook his hand briefly.
   “I’m sorry—Krista? I thought I heard Kristie?”
   Stupid Monica.
   “At the bar you mean?”
   He nodded with a full mouth.
   “Yeah. That was a little joke.”
   Krista hoped she wasn’t wearing her emotions on her sleeve, because if she was, Tory would be wondering if a homicide would happen later that evening.
They sat in silence for a minute before he asked, “You said you’re new to the area?”
Krista tried in a hurry to swallow the mouthful of bread she’d just stuck in her mouth. “Yeff.” 
She took a gulp of wine with a smile. “Sorry…yes. I’m from Seattle. I’ve lived in San Francisco for a while, but this is my first time to Napa.”
“And you said you were a researcher? Are you long out of college?”
“I am a researcher, yes. And no, not too long. This is my first real job.”
“What was your major?”
“Statistics.”
“Oh? And are you able to apply that knowledge to your job?”
“With my current boss, yes. He gives me a request and stands aside. I give him more information than he knew he wanted, and to do that I step outside the boundaries a little. I can’t do my own field work, but I can apply the knowledge.”
“And you work for Dexico?”
“Yes.”
Krista felt like she was at a job interview or something. Or an interrogation, which was really the same thing with different scare tactics.
He nodded as though that made sense, but his brows were slipping down his nose. “How do you like your job?”
“Well, it isn’t as fun as hair and makeup, which is what I would be doing if I could make a living at it, but it’s good for a grown-up job.”
“What was the presentation on?” 
Krista didn’t see the shift of direction coming. Usually people would ask about hair and makeup. That was why she brought it up—it was great for small talk. But then, he wasn’t the standard target for her small talk antics since he probably owned a yacht. 
“It was on sports drinks,” she said as she reached for her glass of wine.
“And did you find that interesting? Personally engaging?” 
It sounded an awful lot like the ol’ coot was mocking her. He obviously didn’t miss the positive, upbeat undertones in her answer and now he was trying to call her on it. We-ell, little did he know, currently she liked her job, so he could suck it.
“The subject matter?” she asked, ready to battle. 
 He nodded, his gaze keen. 
“No, I’m not especially interested. Although I exercise often, I don’t drink sports drinks. Too sugary. But there is always a part of market research that I find fascinating, no matter the subject.”
“Oh? How so?” While he was being extremely polite and mildly interested, there was an undercurrent of suspicion to his words.
“Well ...it’s like what we’re doing now. We are sitting and talking about our likes and dislikes, right? With market research, it’s a broader scale. I get to see choices people make, whether they make them on their own or because they are goaded into it through marketing, and a wide scale of people’s likes and dislikes. On a bad day, or a boring day, I get to judge people. Absurd, maybe, but you’re looking at people's behavior. It’s like I’m an anthropologist, you know? It’s pretty interesting on the whole, regardless of the subject. That’s how I keep my sanity when I am knee-deep in numbers.”
“Hmmm.”
A bowl of soup materialized at the end of a waiter’s arm. The bowl barely hit the table before she had her spoon dipped in. She moaned in delight as the savory masterpiece hit her tongue. Good stuff!
 “I see you’re wearing two tones of jewelry. I thought that was taboo?” Tory asked out of nowhere.
Krista glanced at her hands. She wore a gold ring and bracelets on one hand, and a silver two-ring set on the other. Being that she needed to get more soup in her belly while it was still hot, and also since he was dead wrong, she ignored him for a second. Finally, ready to talk ridiculousness, she laid down her spoon and answered. “If you will excuse me saying it, it was taboo in your day.” She smiled to ease the blow. It was true, but throwing a jokey face made it hurt less.
Thankfully, he wasn’t offended, “How so?”
“I shall tell you, Obi Wan. Back in the day the jewelry was gold. That was the fashion. Gold, gold and more gold. Silver was for people that couldn’t afford gold. Then somewhere along the line platinum came into play. So all these women got platinum wedding sets, right? But platinum looks like silver, gold looks gold.
“So then the poor man bought his wife white gold because it was cheaper than platinum at the time. Not so much anymore with the price of gold, but back then, yes. Or possibly the wife-to-be didn’t buy into the platinum hype, but wanted to keep with fashion. 
“Anyway, so then people had platinum, white gold, and silver, which all looked the same. But then they inherited regular gold from their parents or grandparents. And it might have been the wrong color, but you don’t throw away jewelry, I don’t care who you are. You might trade it, or give it to someone—like your daughter—but you don’t chuck precious gems. So now women had all sorts of colors and types of jewelry in their jewelry boxes. See the conundrum?”
Krista checked in on her student to make sure he was still following. He was, and while he seemed fascinated, she got the sneaking suspicion that it was less her words that had him enthralled, and more the science experiment that was unfolding before his eyes. He watched her hands as she gestured, noted when she took a sip of wine—thankfully she was sober enough to refrain from gulping—and even glanced at her shoes. If she didn’t know better, she’d assume the researcher had turned into the researched. He probably wasn’t used to animated poor girls. He was probably also monitoring his wallet at all times.
Undaunted, she forged ahead. 
“So a woman is not going to take off her wedding rings just to match jewelry—the husbands would go bonkers. Plus, it is probably her most expensive piece, which then needs to be worn, obviously. But then there was the gold. So it became the fashion to wear both. Then designers started making bracelets and watches that were both, so everything matched again. I am cheating, though. I have gold and silver because I’m not rich and apparently don’t pick my boyfriends all that well.”
Tory stared.
 “Didn’t think I’d make it to the end of that lecture, huh?” Krista laughed, going back to her food.
Tory leaned back slightly and smiled. “You’ve thought a lot about that topic.”
The salad had come by this point and she speared a piece of lettuce. “Not really, no. I hate being wrong, so I can make up a great argument on the fly. But all that is common knowledge to a woman. It’s explaining it to a man that gets sticky.”
Tory’s smile grew. “You have a sapphire ring. Self-bought, or did you get it from one of your boyfriends?”
Krista was mid-bite again. She chewed furiously until she tasted the symphony of the dressing and the blood orange. 
“Hmmm,” she said, slowing down. She pointed at her salad with her fork, rolled her eyes in ecstasy, and ignored him again. You just didn’t get in the way of a hungry woman, bottom line. 
When she was finally done, she said, “That’s good stuff. Anyway, I have issues with picking the right boyfriend, so no. Dare to dream. No, this was my Nana’s. She loved gems. She loved to dress up. She would put on her best dress and her jewelry and make my grandpa take her somewhere nice. He gave her a lot of jewelry over the years, but I only got this one piece.”
“Why is that?” Tory had dropped his scrutiny, and now seemed genuinely interested. 
Krista thought a minute, eating another forkful of salad. She got a little sentimental when she talked about her Nana. She was a riot of a lady. Krista missed her dearly.  
The old dude probably picked up on that because he gave her the minute she needed to organize her thoughts. 
“Well, she had two girls and a boy,” Krista continued. “The boy was my dad. Men are great at broad strokes, and he took care of the estate like a pro, but just like a man, he missed a lot of the details. His sisters made off with all the jewelry and porcelain and silver and all the little commodities that add up. This was overlooked.” She nodded to her ring.
“May I see it?”
Krista held out her hand for inspection. 
“The design is a work of art in and of itself. Beautifully cut gem, too.” Tory leaned away.
“Oh, do you know jewelry?” 
Krista got a moment of extreme anxiety. If he knew sapphires she quite possibly had been blabbing to the elusive client, which would be bad.
He interrupted her thoughts of suicide with, “My wife makes me buy her jewelry just like your grandmother. I’ve learned.”
Krista relaxed. “Yes, I love it. My grandpa had good taste.”
“So if you got a chance to research about jewelry, you would probably have a vested interest?”
The scare still rattling through her brain, she had the presence of mind not to mention that she was now a pro at jewelry, statistically speaking. 
“Um …not really. Well, maybe…” She sat and thought about it for a minute. “I guess it would be interesting to see where I fit in the scheme of things, but it really goes right back to learning about the larger group of people, which is fascinating in and of itself. So I wouldn’t have any more of a vested interest than if I were doing the sports drink, although I would have more ideas.”
“How do you mean?”
“Well, okay, you see a lot of older people with gems, but not as many people my age, right? People my age are wearing ugly, cheap jewelry mostly, unless we get an heirloom. But then, that’s only cool when you dress up.”
He nodded and said, “But as you said, your generation, currently, doesn’t have money. You are what, twenty-one?”
“Twenty-five actually. True, we don’t, but we are also idiots with credit. I’ve already learned my lesson, kinda, but many people my age are still stupid with money. Take my friend Jasmine. She just bought a Louis Vuitton handbag. Do you know what that is?”
“Yes,” he said simply.
“Okay, well she bought a $1200 handbag because it was high fashion and because it had status and because people would be envious. The bag isn’t all that cute, really. But it is an LV, so there you go. Could she afford it? No way! It’s more than a month’s rent. And she has no money. But she has a credit card. Hence stupid decision and new expensive handbag. That bag will last five years probably, and then it’s just money wasted.”
“Okay, but how does that relate?”
“Don’t you see?” She was getting animated now. “If jewelry, which is more affordable then a $1200 handbag, and lasts way longer, was more in fashion and was pushed on younger people, they would buy it. It wouldn’t matter if they could afford it or not.” He still looked skeptical. Her debater mode set in; he would see it her way—she could argue the cross off a nun when she got going.
“You see, older people have the money, but they also have more to buy, and they also have more self-control. Do they really need that sapphire ring? No, because they have a kid, or a house, or a new car. They responsibly say no. A girl my age? We don’t have squat. No reason not to buy it, no reason to learn responsibility until we have a child, and nothing else to spend our money on. So why not?”
“You don’t buy it because you don’t have the means.”
“A lesson we will learn when the collectors start calling. And trust me, that won’t happen until way after you’ve stuck your foot in it, but look fabulous for your trouble. I didn’t have the means for this dress, but could I say no to looking this good? What are credit cards for, if not buying things above your means?” She laughed and took a sip of wine. Point proven.
He nodded slowly as the salad plates were cleared. 
“Okay, I can see that,” he conceded with a smile. 
After a beat, he said, “Are you always so firm in your opinions?”
Krista laughed animatedly and raised her hand, “Number one on the debate team.”
“Huh,” he said, his smile getting wider.
“So, what do you do?”
He sobered a little. “I am a CEO.”
“Eww. Intense.” 
To her surprise, he started laughing. “Please elaborate?”
“Oh well, sorry to be rude, but it’s just that a girl in my situation, which is to say a ‘peon,’ has one boss. I have a good work ethic, so my boss tells me to do something, I do it, I turn it in. If there’s a problem, no big deal. He tells me, I fix it, life continues as normal. You, however, as a ‘big-wig,’ have the world on your shoulders. Is it a global company or national?”
“Global,” he replied seriously.
“There you go. World economics on your shoulders. Public or private?”
“Public.”
“Oh, well, nail in the coffin. You get results or get to have a ton of bosses telling you what’s wrong and what you should fix. Forget about looking at the big picture, you have to look at the universe-sized picture and make decisions that will trickle down and affect everyone under you, including me, the pe-on.”
“That is, if I care to look so far down the chain of command?”
“That’s true.” She smiled. Point to him on that one. “Many don’t, true. But the best-run companies have CEOs who do.”
He was quiet for a moment so she fussed up, “I don’t actually know if that last part is true, but it sounds good to the peon.”
He laughed again and they fell into silence as dinner showed up.
Krista, embarrassingly, made a few sounds of delight as she tasted the steak and fingerling potatoes. The flavors rolled around the tongue and melted in the mouth. They were oh-so-good!
 “You seem to be excited about all this food, but you barely touch it,” he noticed. 
“I don’t have all the room in the world in my stomach. I have to take a bit of everything. I’m going to stuff myself with dinner, though. It tastes amazing.”
“What about dessert?”
“I have a separate stomach for dessert. It always fits.”
They ate in silence for a second. He was a man of money and excellent table manners. The way he handled his cutlery and his bearing screamed rich socialite. He must’ve been in charge of a large company. But then, they all were. The peon was the odd man out at this dinner, and it showed.
Come to think of it, that was probably the reason for the scrutiny. Young, hot—ahem—and poor. Yeah, she was an anomaly with this crew, which was why he probably didn’t believe she wanted to come alone. He probably thought she was the forgotten trophy of someone at the dinner. Hopefully not John. Anyone but John!
“So, what do you do for fun?” she asked him.
“Golf, mostly.”
She made a sound like a buzzer going off, “No way. Too cliché. Pick something that not all white business guys do.”
“You sound like my wife,” Tory said in mock disdain.
“Smart woman.”
“Well …I collect art, swords, and comic books.”
“Comic books? Eww. But swords? Cool! Just so happens, I have a sword.”
“Do you?” he said, obviously surprised. “That is rare for a woman.”
“I know, right? I have Sting from ‘Lord of the Rings.’”
He chuckled, “I own Andúril.”
“Nerd!” She laughed. 
“Look who’s talking!” he shot back.
“Touché. I’ve actually always wanted a real samurai sword. Well, maybe not real, but, you know, good quality.”
“I actually have a real one.”
“Shut up! Well, now you are just being a one-upper!” Lost in the fun, she said it too loudly. A few people at their table turned from their conversation to glare at her. She hid her face in embarrassment. 
“It was my second acquisition,” he said after people went back to eating.
“I will admit I am a little jealous. In a different life I would invite myself over to your house to see it. As it is, when I become a huge businesswoman, expect a knock on your door.” 
They ate in silence for another second before he said, “So you work with Sean McAdams.”
She was no longer surprised by his conversational hairpin turns. The guy’s brain probably never shut off. Give him a second and he’d come up with something completely out of the blue.
“Yup. He was the lead salesman on the presentation I did. He’s the one who finally gave me a challenge.”
“And what do you think of him? Off-the-cuff.”
“Well, I don’t know him super well. I know nothing about his sales tactics or whatever, so I have no idea how good he is at his job. But ...” Now it was her turn to be suspicious. “Are you a spy? Who are you going to report this to?”
He looked taken aback briefly before a giant smile creased his face. “I might ask you the same question.”
 “Yes, because anyone cares what I say or think? Pe-on, remember?” Krista laughed, pointing to herself.
She thought for a moment. “You know what, actually, that is not true. Sean, of all people, would listen. I don’t know that he would care, but he would listen. I trust him.” 
And she did. She did actually trust him. She had to take a second to marvel at that realization. She didn’t trust many people, especially gorgeous womanizers, but when he was being human, and when they worked together, he said what he would do, and always took care of it. He’d earned the trust she bestowed upon him.
“Why?” Tory asked into her reverie. 
“Such a simple question, such a difficult answer,” she remarked as she contemplated. 
“Such a wise mind in such a young body,” he responded.
She scoffed in jest, then answered, “Well, after the presentation I asked him what he thought of my part. You know, to see if he had any notes, anything I could do better, things that I did well… It was my first one, so I wanted to get feedback.” 
He nodded.
“He was upfront and honest, which I might not always expect from a sales guy, but what was more, he made sure I got what I was promised.”
“Which was? If you don’t mind me asking, that is?”
She shrugged to let him know she didn’t care in the least. “Before the presentation I was promised a promotion and a raise if I did well; if I succeeded in the trial. My boss meant well—the thing about my company that I like best is that everyone is loyal to their subordinates and to the company. That‘s a first in my experience. Usually it seems like everyone is either out for themselves, or just doesn’t care about anybody else.
“Anyway, my boss was trying to get me what was promised, but we are just research, you know, and we take a long time to get heard when it comes to personnel. We aren’t the golden children like marketing or sales, so things take longer.
“Well, anyway, Sean stepped up and made sure I got what was promised, and quickly. I didn’t ask it of him, and it wasn’t his job, but when he sees something that needs to happen, he sees that it does.”
“Forgive me, this will sound a little …uncouth, but are you sure it wasn’t because you are an attractive young woman?”
Krista laughed because of how true it was, “Did you not notice my second to marvel at the fact that I trust him?” She laughed again. Tory took a sip of wine to hide his smile—he had noticed.
“At first I thought exactly that, actually,” she went on. “He is a womanizer—I’ll say it! He is a hot guy who women like, I see that.” Krista reined herself in. She was talking to an older guy, and an executive to boot, so she probably shouldn’t be so loose with slang. This guy, however, was keeping her pace. The whole night he had been, actually. He probably had kids, and was most likely very close to them. 
Unfortunately undaunted, she continued: “I don’t find him all that desirable myself because I have been down the ‘bad boy’ road and it always ends in heartache. I’m a lot more jaded than most women. A long time ago I asked that he drop all that…behavior if he wanted to work with me.”
“You did what?”
“Sorry for the language, and it sounds a little bold now, but seriously, I think he says things without even realizing they are womanizing-type comments. It’s an image or something. I just wanted to take myself out of that loop, you know?”
He was looking at her incredulously. 
“Well?” she said in defense. “You wouldn’t want to work with that, right? I had to say something!”
“You do sound like my wife. Or my daughter. Believe it or not, I was once a man like you describe.”
“I bet your wife beat it out of you, huh?”
“In so many words, yes,” he laughed. “But, as you say, it was an image. A key in the door of ambition.”
“And look at you now.”
“Look at me now.  That’s right. Although, I would be nowhere without my Emily.”
“I hope that’s your wife.”
He laughed, “Yes.”
“Well, Sean is actually a really decent guy under it all, he just gets weighed down by the image, I think. But I do trust him. Other than that, I keep to my job and make sure I give the best I can.”
“No one can ask for more than that.”
“Well, they certainly can, but that’s another story.” 
“What about Tom and John, the Senior and Junior VPs?”
“You’re trying to glean information! Well, you’ve come to the wrong source. I have met John only a few times and never so much as seen Tom. John is a nice enough guy. I hardly talk to him, though. Pity about his name.”
“What do you mean?”
“His name is John Susan.”
She was met with a look of confusion.
“Susan. As in, ‘Boy Named Sue’ by Johnny Cash?”
“Oh! ‘My name is Sue, how do you do? Now you’re gonna die!’” Tory quoted, and then burst into laughter that resulted in a lot of people looking their way. 
Sean was across the dining area with John, looking at her with his arms crossed. She couldn’t tell if he was mad or worried, she was obviously making a scene. She needed to tone it down.
The dessert showed up as she whispered, “I always thought he wanted to be called John because he wanted to be all young and sell an image and all that. Like sales guys do, right? Then I heard the last name and it made sense.” 
“Well, Krista,” Tory said, avoiding his dessert. “Thanks for the interesting and lively chat. Someday I do hope you will get to meet my wife. She’d love you.”
With that he stood up and moved off toward the restrooms. Krista was left on her own to finish her dessert and then her wine, and then to listen to the president give a speech about how the money donated would help some organization or other. 
As people started to leave later in the evening she figured it was safe to get up and head to the bar. She had a good buzz already, but no one was talking to her anymore so she figured one more wouldn’t hurt.
Full glass in hand, she turned back toward the dining area and right into Sean, standing so close her foot bumped his. His heat and smell shocked into her body, mixing with the alcohol and liquefying her bones. She wanted to reach out a sure hand and feel those hard pecs, or connect her body with his, reaching around to feel his perfect butt. Fantasies exploded her thoughts; what it would feel like to trail her fingers along his warm skin; slide her palm up the inside of his leg; cupping his—
Don’t touch his crotch!
“How did it go?” Sean asked quietly, lightly grabbing her arm and steering her away from any listeners.
“How did what go?” she asked stupidly, looking up into his eyes. They were dark and ominous and tinged with worry. 
She couldn’t help the lean, frustratingly unashamed of her breast making contact and sending ripples of heat into her core. His hand tightened slightly.
“Dinner. With Mr. Hartling?” Apprehension lurked right below the surface of his words.
“Mr. Hartling is someone of note?” she asked, bewildered. An abominable snowman called “Fear” chased the heat from her body. Suddenly, Tory’s conversation topics seemed a lot more designed. And spot on. 
She might have seriously, unforgivably fucked up on this one. 
“Are you serious, Krista?” Sean said with an edge to his voice.
Fuck.
“He is the CEO. of the company we are chasing!” he seethed.
Her stomach hit her shoes. She broke away from Sean to think. To recall every word she said. Every word she heard from him. It took ten minutes to realize she should definitely have kept her mouth shut on a ton of stuff! 
But at least she did lie in the right places, so that was good.
Oh God, but was it good enough?
Sean, seeing this reaction, led her to a bench beneath a tree at the outskirts of the event. In solitude, he sat her down and pulled up a chair so he was directly facing her, his intense eyes focused on her unwaveringly, “Tell me everything.”
Krista tried to think through the buzz of lust; tried to turn her thoughts from the primal energy radiating from him like heat weaves off concrete in the summer. 
 “Okay,” she blew out a breath, gripping the arms of her chair with claw-like fingers to keep her body from leaning in and soaking up that heat. “He was suspicious of me at first. That confused me because I didn’t know who he was. He asked me about…uh, oh, what I did! For a living. I told him.”
“Did you mention the company name?”
“Of course I did. It would’ve sounded stupid if I omitted it. Plus, I didn’t know him from Avery.”
“Who’s Avery?”
“I don’t know, just a name-- Anyway, so he asked something about...uh...—oh, I know, he asked why I was there dateless. Here. So I said it was a gold star for doing well in a presentation—it was a white lie—and that my boss didn’t like these things. I think he agreed with that logic. But that was at the bar. Um…”
“I need more than that, Krista.”
“Um, let’s see. Oh, he asked about jewelry at one stage. I mean thank God I didn’t know who he was or that would have been tragic, right? I would have lied all over the place.”
“But you didn’t?”
“No. He made a comment that different colors are taboo—you know, gold and white gold worn at once. I informed him that that was his generation talking. And—“
“More detail,” Sean whispered, eyes roaming her face. 
On lust hiatus, Krista let spill every word in her head. His presence, his passion for this event, for his job, was acting like truth serum. She couldn’t refuse. She told him the conversation, from beginning to end, leaving out nothing. Not even the swords. She told him what she said about him, and also what she said about John. 
Sean listened to every word, leaning forward to catch every syllable. His knees pushed between her, spreading her thighs, lifting her dress. His fingertips tickled her inner thigh, dangling from his slackening arms.
They’d stopped talking without realizing the absence. He perched on the edge of his seat, his body trying to close the distance to hers. She yearned for the same thing, hands loosened, allowing his draw to pull her closer.
The lights twinkled around them, enchanting, reflecting in his deep eyes, burning with lust and something else, something close to anticipation.
Her lips parted, chest heaving, desperate for breath. Her legs parted, too; she was past thinking, past consequences. 
Her hand reached for his knee as his made more contact with her bare leg. Her heart was beating wildly, her mouth dry, sopping wet between her thighs. Shamefully she opened her legs wider to him, permitting his hand to reach for her apex, almost there. Her hand slid up his knee, reaching for his body, needing to see how it felt, how he felt. Inside her. She needed some part of him inside of her.
“Sean?” Someone called in the distance, shattering their isolated bubble beneath the fairy lights.
This scene would look all kinds of wrong. 
It was all kinds of wrong. 




Chapter Twenty

Krista jerked back, closing her legs with a snap. Sean flinched, confusion marring his face, before he backed off and stood up, eager to put distance between them. Just like he had with Theresa. 
Krista’s heart sank. His guilt reinforced her own. She knew better—most women knew better at her age. Guys like Sean were smoke and mirrors. The wonder was why she insisted on falling for the same old song and dance. She knew better, but she still let herself get sucked in. It was so stupid!
Plus, this was definitely her fault! She bit the guy for cripes sake! Obviously he would push his luck.
Still.
As he called to the voice, revealing where he was, she could see his body uncomfortably bent at the middle, his forehead slick with sweat. 
At least I had some effect. Theresa didn’t have him uncomfortable like this.
It was a small consolation, but she’d take it.
John and Monica came in sight, took in the scene. John stalked over. Monica hesitated a second, eyes narrowed, before walking behind John as if he needed backup.
“What happened? Was it amenable?” John was saying as his eyes bored into Krista’s. 
 “I think it was the best thing that could have happened,” Sean said. All traces of heat from a second ago were completely gone; his voice was ice.
Everyone looked at him. 
“Explain,” John snapped.
“I think it must have been obvious to Mr. Hartling that Krista didn’t know who he was. He asked questions that she answered honestly, but that also helped us out. She basically pitched him an idea already.”
“What?” John said too loudly.
“She didn’t know it, John,” Sean took a step closer to Krista with an edge to his voice. He sounded more in command than John. He was made for a huge office and a large bankroll. Why did he have to be so hot to boot? It wasn’t fair.
 “Still doesn’t,” Sean was looking at her. “But it’s genius when you think about it.”
Sean was right about one thing—she had no idea what he was talking about. She didn’t pitch anything. 
“He asked about her jewelry,” Sean continued. John faced him. “Then about her sapphire ring. One comment led to another, and she was telling him that they should be marketing to people her age because that age group is young and stupid with their money. Her friend bought a $1200 purse, why not a piece of jewelry? Her friend could afford neither, but would buy both. It makes sense. Her being a researcher and effective debater gave weight to her argument. Her not knowing who she was talking to gave her innocence; she sold it without knowing it. Without setting off his alarm bells.”
John was looking at Krista like she was a chessboard and he was Bobby Fischer. 
Sean went on, “And he asked about us.”
John’s eyes snapped back to Sean. There was fear lurking behind his gaze. It made Krista wonder what John had done to get where he was. Who he had stepped on.
It was the first time Sean actually smiled since he’d accosted her. “She called me a womanizer and for you she noted Johnny Cash’s song ‘Boy Named Sue.’”
Krista’s mouth dropped open. It was one thing to admit all that to Sean—the guy had some sort of truth voodoo—but to tell the freaking Junior VP? That was low. That was sell-out material! If she wasn’t so scared she’d be sacked on the spot, she would’ve been livid!
“She also said the company and its upper management were loyal, and that I was trustworthy. Also that I challenged her. She didn’t know anything to say about you or Tom, and she wasn’t asked about anyone else,” Sean finished up.
John turned back to Krista. “And were you telling the truth? Would he believe you about Sean?” 
“I was telling the truth,” Krista said sullenly. “Though the trust issue is strained now, and I was hoping that comment about ‘Sue’ wouldn’t get back to you.” 
Thankfully, and the cherubs did sing, John cracked a smile. “I don’t mind about Sue, you rat. Though I’ll remember it, trust that.”
John sounded like he was in good humor, but he also called her a rat and basically said he held a grudge. Krista glared at Sean and crossed her arms. 
John clapped his hands. “Good. Phew. We dodged a bullet there. I thought we were sunk when Tory changed seats. Sean, thank God I let you talk me into giving her a nice raise and a new office. Can you imagine if she had been disgruntled? Or anyone else from Research talking to him? I shudder to think.”
John walked around and shook his head. Then he stretched. “This is good.” He threw a couple boxing punches at the air. “They officially bought out and now they are asking questions about our sales team. We have our foot in the door. If we can keep momentum, we may land them after all.”
He swung around to look at Sean. “I want at least three proposals on my desk by Monday. I want them ready to go just in case.”
“They’re already done. We have about six ideas, four good to go now,” Sean answered coolly. 
“I don’t just want ideas. I want support. Numbers. Pictures. All of it!” John fired back.
“Done. All of it, done. For all six ideas. Photo quality is HD. No old imagery. Graphics are in place, numbers are valid, organized, and have footnotes. We are ready to go at a moment’s notice.”
John looked at Sean as though seeing him for the first time, “Dare I ask about research on sapphires?”
“Also done, for jewelry in general and sapphires in particular. We have data on region, demographic, market, everything. You name it, it’s there. Also organized, categorized and equipped with footnotes. Graphs and other multimedia are presentation ready.”
John just blinked for a minute. Utterly still. Then: “You really do make my job easier.” He smiled and walked away.

~*~*~*~

“I do my best,” Sean said to the retreating figure before he looked back at Krista. Unlike the smoldering look he’d fallen into mere minutes ago, this time her eyes held retribution. Frankly, it scared him a little. He had a feeling that when she was pushed to it, she had a mean temper. 
Regret welled up in his chest at what he was about to do. She wouldn’t understand the necessity of the act. To her, it would smack as betrayal. He hated how often Ray was right lately. 
Sean took a step closer to Monica. 
“Your party made it all possible. Excellent work,” he purred into her ear.
“Naturally,” she laughed, shooting Krista a look of triumph. 
I’ll go to hell for this. Sean thought. In fact, if Monica kept taunting her, Krista might just put him there.
With a smug expression, Monica turned Sean by the elbow, leading him away from Krista, “You did excellently tonight.”
Sean ignored her. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Krista still facing them, a look of astonished defeat on her face. He’d just set himself way back. Possibly to a place he couldn’t come back from. But if he’d chosen Krista over Monica, Monica would’ve ruined the other girl. Krista would’ve become another Joanna, another side effect to the gossip he created within their company. That fate wasn’t fair to Krista. Better the sting now than the ache later.
He felt like he’d been punched in the gut.
Monica stopped him just outside the perimeter of the event, sheltered and secluded. Sean didn’t have to guess what came next.
“Why don’t we head to my place,” Monica said quietly, leaning against his body. Her hands slid up his chest.
Sean looked down on her. Uninterested. He didn’t bother to hide it, “Let’s get back to the limo. We need to head.”
Monica laughed silkily, her hands now at his belt line. They slid down to his hips. She ground herself against him. “Playing hard to get, huh? I’d suck your cock right here if this wasn’t a work thing.”
Not in his current state, she wouldn’t. He felt so sick about what he did to Krista, his balls would probably curl up inside his body.
“Let’s go,” he said gruffly.
She laughed at him again.
 “I’m so glad we got the only kid in Research!” Judy exclaimed drunkenly as Sean opened the door to the limo for Monica. To Krista she said, “Did you know that Tommy has a huge crush on you?”
Sean nearly turned and walked away. He did not want to hear this conversation, and he did not like the look on Krista’s face as he helped Monica in.
“He asked her out,” Marcus said, pouring a glass of wine for Ray, who had his hand out.
“Caught me by surprise,” Krista said as she relaxed. “Didn’t see it coming. I acted like a complete bitch about it.”
“I heard you stomped on the poor guy,” Judy responded.
“I didn’t mean to, though,” Krista whined with a hand over her eyes. “Seriously, you guys. He just blurted it out in front of a million people! I blinked and stared and looked like an ass, but really, I was taken aback.”
“You seem to be completely dense about that sort of thing,” Marcus stated. “But, good news, it has kept at least five others from asking you.”
“Are you serious?” Krista asked, aghast. 
“Oh yeah. But Jacob wasn’t deterred,” Marcus went on with a smirk.
“Until he read my email.”
“Oh yeah, I heard about that!” Judy exclaimed delightedly. “That is disgusting. Sean, how is getting him fired going?”
Sean watched the dark shadows outside the car speed by, not bothering to bring his gaze back into the car as he said, “Top secret, I’m afraid.”
“Well, I hope you do. He spies on everyone.”
“I need proof, though,” Sean said seriously. “I have someone collecting data, so we’ll see what he comes up with.”
“Who’s collecting data?” Judy asked Marcus.
“Me, obviously. Do you think he would trust some reject with this kind of thing? You’d be shocked what I’m finding. Thank God I’m not a chick or he’s not gay. I’m surprised he gets anything done!”
“Can we talk about something else?” Krista said uncomfortably.
Sean’s eyes swung to her, unable to help himself. Unable to read her face in the dark, he let his eyes rest for a second, but then darted away again.
“Like how you stole my limelight tonight?” Marcus asked with a mock pleasantness to his voice.
“Why, because I look better than you?”
“Fat chance, gorgeous.”
“Oh, then because I’m more fashionable?”
“Girl, you don’t even want to go there!”
“Is it because I am, dare I say, the ‘y’ word?”
“Oh no you did not try to throw age into this!” Marcus said, getting totally ghetto with it. Ray and Judy were cracking up. 
“It’s because Marcus was supposed to get the guy,” Ray said. Then Ray put his glass forward for more wine.
“Is that from the event?” Monica asked, horrified. 
Marcus rolled his eyes at Monica then answered, “Tory was supposed to sit next to me.”
“Did you scare him earlier or something?” Krista asked.
“Why?”
“Well, he seemed like he was on the run. Like he was hiding out in nowheresville with me.”
“Probably hiding from the sales superhero that followed him around all night,” Marcus said in a droll tone.
“Was that a dig at me or John?” Sean asked in a flat voice. 
“Someone get that man a drink!” Marcus yelled. “He’s misplaced his humor.”
“You have to crack a joke that’s funny if you want people to laugh,” Krista shot back.
Judy slapped Marcus on the leg as she laughed.
“Now is a perfect time to mention a well-placed ‘I told you so, Sean.’” Ray said, taking a gulp. “I told you Krista could do it.”
Sean ignored him, not wanting to hear it. Ray had been right—Krista, left to her own devices, could charm even an unbeliever. Not only that, but she’d saved his ass tonight. Tory had smelled the ambush and went running, trying to dodge. Sean would’ve lost him; scared him away with his reputation alone. It was Krista who saved the day, and then Sean had ostracized her for it. He was the biggest kind of asshole imaginable. 
He was still looking out the window when he felt Monica’s leg press firmly against his. He ignored her, too.
Ray said, “I told him Krista knew the most and should sit next to him. But did he listen to me? Noooooooo.”
“You guys should have seen when I first met him at the bar,” Krista said as she looked at her lit phone screen. “I didn’t know who he was, but I did know I was supposed to be chatty and friendly with people, so while I was thinking of something to say, turned toward him, with my freaking mouth open, looking at the sky—just standing there, mind you …he finally asked if I was alright. He obviously thought I lost my brain or something!”
Everyone started laughing, except for Sean and Monica.
“Wait a minute. What is our little Kristie up to?” Marcus said.
That was about when Marcus flipped on the roof light. Krista looked up from her phone with a red face and guilty expression. She didn’t need to explain. Sean’s intestines shriveled.
Marcus started laughing. “Booty call, huh? Don’t feel bad about it, honey, I already placed mine!” 
“I married mine. Tragic!” Judy laughed. 
“Me, too,” Ray said with a slight slur. “Now it’s a booty beg.” 
Apparently Sean was the only one in the party who kept himself sober for the precession. Well, him and Monica. 
Everyone but Sean looked at Ray, stunned. 
“Ray …dark horse,” Krista uttered into the din.
That started a whole new wave of laughter, which Ray joined in. 
While Krista had been the last picked up, she was the first dropped off. She was also halfway down the small aisle, drunk, and slightly wobbly. Sean watched as she clambered out of her seat, stumbling and half crawling down the small aisle of the limo. Monica huffed at her amid the chorus of laughter, about to say something to Sean about it, but Sean was already up, positioning himself near the door to intercept, wanting to keep her from falling out on her face.
As Krista stumbled in toward him, she startled and met his eyes, unsure. Sean held out his hand, eyes connected with hers. The normal thing would have been for her to take his hand, steady herself, and let him help her out of the limo. Krista never did anything normally. Instead, she garbled that she was okay, which came out something like, “‘Mmm okiee,” then promptly dove toward the open patch of sky. Sean was expecting it.
He grabbed her quickly, stopping her before she completed the trip to her face. She swung away from the open door and landed in his lap, her face inches from his. Her sweet breath brushing his eyelids. 
Krista leaned in an inch. Her control was ebbing. She was letting that other girl take over. The one that bit him. Sean felt his ardor rise, felt her heat soak into him. But this wasn’t the place. Not in front of these people.
Before Sean could rectify the situation, she bucked. Her little hands pushed at his chest, trying to get away. Her legs thrashed, caught in her dress. One dipped between his leg, nearing his dick. It would’ve hurt, especially with how hard he was, so he caught her thigh in his, holding her. Pinning her body to his chest. Squeezing her close, liking how she felt. Liking the way she tucked neatly into his arms.
“Careful Pet, wait for me,” Sean said quietly in her ear, half surprised he’d used the Irish term of endearment his grandma had always used with him. 
Her body stilled. Then thawed into him. He breathed in her scent as he lifted her, maneuvering her out of the open door and onto the sidewalk. He put her down gently, letting his hands linger on her bare arms. As her face tilted up, meeting his eyes, he recognized a look of dazed wonder.
“Are you okay?” he asked softly.
She nodded mutely, those wide, fearful eyes looking intently up at him, touching him somewhere deep within. 
“Sorry about back there. I got lost in the moment,” he murmured. They were cocooned in a web of intimacy, a deep, heavy thing moving in his chest.
“I fell on you,” her voice was barely above a whisper, her words floating softly on her sweet breath.
“No, uh, back at the winery. I didn’t mean to...get so close. Go against our deal. I’m sorry about that,” he said softly, consumed with her.
“Oh,” she sighed more than spoke, leaning heavily against his chest.
“Just do him already and fill me in later!” Marcus shouted.
Sean could see the words registering; her thick black lashes fluttering against her cheek. Her forehead knotted, a look of abject terror crossing her face. “Oh!”
It was a very different “oh” than before. A sobering sound. A curtain call to the night.
Krista jerked back, struggling in his grip. Sean shook his head, wanting to continue this moment, searching, wanting to figure out that felling, but knowing it wasn’t the time. He let go of her arms, forcing himself to step back.
“Who could blame a guy, eh? At least your slip up didn’t leave teeth marks.” Krista winked at him, a professional at getting back to reality, almost as if she constantly had experience. 
 He wasn’t so practiced. “You helped me out tonight. I owe the evening’s success to you, it seems. Really good work, Krista. Really good. Good thing you never listen to me.” 
Sean didn’t want to leave. He wanted to tell the others to go ahead; that he’d make his own way home. But that was impossible, especially because it was at that moment that Sean noticed the figure walking up behind Krista. 
Sean didn’t normally check out other guys, but this time he couldn’t help it. This time he noticed the handsome dark stranger as he walked up and put a territorial hand on Krista’s shoulder.
“Oh!” Krista flinched in fear before she saw Paul. “Paul, Jesus, I didn’t see you there.”
Paul didn’t say anything as he looked at Sean, but he didn’t have to. He had the girl.
“Paul, this is my boss, Sean,” Krista said, not shrugging off the hand on her shoulder. “Sean, you’ve heard about Paul.”
“Hey, bro,” Paul leaned over Krista to shake hands. 
Right away Sean noticed the weak handshake. That was a loss of points in guy code. Too bad most women didn’t care about guy code. As far as women code was concerned, Paul had plenty going for him. It was a shitty end to the night.
“Hello. Okay, Krista, good night. See you fresh Monday morning.” Sean turned back toward the limo.
 “He was hot,” Marcus said as Sean shut the door.
“That was Krista’s man?” Judy asked, launching forward to see.
“Must be. He grabbed her butt.” 
“Paul, right?” Ray looked at Sean.
“Yes,” Sean said, wanting to be home and away from anyone connected to work or Krista. 
“I’ve seen hotter,” Monica said in a voice laced with sex.
“Of course you have!” Marcus shouted. “I’m sitting right here!”
Judy and Ray burst out laughing. Sean looked out the window.
When they were dropping Marcus off across town, Sean felt Monica’s hand on his hip, hidden by their angle and the way he was sitting. Sean, still looking out the window, leaned his head back. He didn’t want her. Maybe when he’d first met her, but not anymore. She paled in comparison to Krista. But he had to admit that her hand felt good, and he was still turned on from having Krista that close to him. He couldn’t shake her off.
Sensing his acquiescence, Monica’s hands started kneading, staying out of sight. It worked farther in, toward his groin. Her efforts were getting him hard, but barely. 
As they let Judy out, they shifted seats, Ray getting closer to the door and Monica moving in such a way that further efforts would be hidden. She had a streak of voyeurism. She wanted to be seen. She wanted others to witness. 
She must’ve realized that Sean would never let that happen.
As Ray chatted amicably, Monica’s hand reached his inner thigh. 
“Spread your legs a little,” she said in a hush.
Sean leaned and did as instructed, and was rewarded as her palm spread across his erection. 
“Don’t you think, Sean?” he heard. 
Ray was looking at him in the darkness, hopefully not realizing what was happening.
“What’s that?” Her hand started rubbing, sending shooting pulses of pleasure into his gut.
“I said, Krista did well tonight. She looked the part, played the part—she was top quality tonight.”
Sean’s zipper was pulled down. As a soft hand wrapped around his shaft, he tried not to moan. He knew what Ray was trying to do. Knew his friend didn’t want Sean to give in to Monica. Too late.
“She was, yes,” Sean muttered distractedly as Monica’s fist pumped over his skin.
“Okay, well…think it through,” Ray said as he climbed out. The door slammed behind him.
 “Let’s get serious,” Monica said instantly, crouching between his legs and hiking up her dress. 
“Condom.”
She practically dove into her purse. As he secured the latex, he was struck with a pang of guilt. This wasn’t right. He was being exactly the man Krista abhorred. 
As Monica straddled him, ripping down her top so her breasts tumbled into his face, he lost track of thought altogether.




Chapter Twenty-One

Two Mondays after the fundraiser, the team was summoned to Sean’s office, which was now just down the hall from Krista’s. Since Krista was done with everything on his list and then some, and had time to help her department with a few other reports, she was busily working on something for Mr. Montgomery when Sean popped his head in her office. 
He had started dressing more casually after moving up to no-man’s land, and that day’s result was a pair of jeans that made his butt look like a Godsend. He had on a polo shirt that showed off his defined pecs and perfectly sculpted biceps. She now knew how good those pecs and biceps felt. As a result, her mouth started salivating.  
“Hey Geegee, we are in my office in ten if you have a minute?”
The team had taken to calling her Geek Girl, or G.G. for short. It was a unanimous agreement that was not made so much as Marcus’s example was followed. Even Ray had jumped on the bandwagon. Minding would have taken too much effort, so Krista just went with it.
“No worries, Cap’n.” The team had also followed her example, and taken to calling Sean ”Captain.” Again, even Ray had joined in. Ray was starting to be one of the crew, rowing with everyone else, and they loved him all the more for it.
Sean nodded and walked off, his graceful stride taking him away too fast to get much of a stare at his butt. Pity.
Krista had seen Sean with Monica twice since she’d left them in the limo. Once in the break room when she obviously interrupted something, and another time in the street when they were coming back from lunch. They were shagging. It was obvious. Or at least, they had shagged. No telling how often. 
Marcus, Judy and Krista gossiped about it a few times, and then got bored since they expected it of them both. They had moved on to other gossip after that. Krista was learning a lot about the company from those two. None of it essential, or even all that appealing, but it broke up the work time nicely.
Even though Sean was off-limits, Krista still got a twinge of jealousy every time she thought of Monica. She didn’t deserve him. Yes, okay, he was a jackass with women, but beyond the womanizer crap, Krista was starting to see him as an honest, trustworthy guy with impeccable manners and a soft heart. She was definitely getting to know Sean and his double.
 The problem was, he was an upstanding guy when it came to everything but that one aspect. Which meant he was perfect except for that one, huge, glaring flaw that continued to make him untouchable for any self-respecting girl. 
Still, that stupid Monica didn’t even deserve any crappy part of him! Dumb tart.
Krista finished what she was doing, locked her computer, and headed to Sean’s office. She was the first one on the scene because she was so close.
“Hey Cap’n, whaaaaaaaat’s happening?” she said in an imitation of Office Space.
“Hi Krista. How are you?” Sean asked, his full attention tuned in. “You look well.”
“Oh thanks. Yeah, I’m eating my Wheaties.”
“You still run by the beach?”
“I do, indeed, sir. Why?”
He shrugged, “So you are John’s new favorite.” 
“Yeah, about that. What was the deal with telling him about the Sue comment? You realized that was not for his ears, right?”
“I told him about calling me a womanizer,” Sean’s comment was laced with a twinge of aggression.
“Yes, but that’s a known fact and you were peppering me for information, so you deserved it. Talking crap about a Junior VP is a different matter altogether.”
“The distinction is hard to grasp. But I told him because that’s his favorite song. He finds it hilarious. More so because of his last name, of course.”
“Oh. So he wasn’t mad?”
“Actually, he finds it a good sign that you know the song at all.”
“Who doesn’t?”
“Among your age group? A great many.”
Krista fell silent, not knowing where to go from that dead end. Sean continued to look at her like he expected something. She continued to look back, waiting for comment. 
When he didn’t relent his expecting stare, she finally asked, “What?”
He smiled a secret smile, probably mocking her somehow, and looked up as Ray sauntered in. 
“Hi lady and gent,” Ray said as he took a seat at the round table in the corner of the office.
Sean got up and followed suit. Krista stalled, wanting to stare at Sean’s butt for as long as possible. When she finally followed she noticed that Ray caught her. She gave a “Can you blame me?” type of shrug to his knowing smile before she giggled and sat down.
 “What’d I miss?” Sean asked, looking first to Krista, and then to Ray.
“The inner workings of a woman’s mind, I’m afraid,” Ray said, examining his notes.
Sean smiled another secret smile. “Good. Too complicated for the likes of me.”
“What is?” Marcus asked as he walked in.
“Women,” Sean answered as he nodded hello and beckoned for a following Judy to close the door.
“We aren’t so hard to understand. Just shut up, look pretty and do as we tell you. After that everything will go swimmingly,” Judy said on her way to sit down.
“Exactly,” Krista nodded once.
Sean gave Krista a searching look before he said, “Okay gang, here’s where we are. In.” His smile would have lit up a darkened room.
“Wait… In?!” Marcus exclaimed.
“IN! We did it! Not only did the buyout happen quickly and effortlessly—well, as effortlessly as those things go—but we’ve been approved to continue on with the mother company rather than the newly sequestered.” 
“So when do we present?” Judy asked with an excited smile.
Suddenly everyone was flying with glee but also sitting on edge. This is what they had been working toward. It was go time. This was big money for the company, but if they f’ed up, and that was all in their hands now, the company would take a huge hit for it.
“The good news is that John handed them the ideas Marcus and Krista worked out. They loved them, but want to see more. They also want to see what we can do with those ideas in TV spots.”
“What’s the bad news?” Ray asked.
“Our work has just begun. We need to enlist more team to help with this. Obviously this is bigger than Dell. Krista will head up the research division—“
“Obviously,” Marcus cut Sean off. Judy and Ray nodded.
“—but she’ll need at least two people to help. Krista, who do you think we should enlist?”
“Well, anyone from my department will take seniority over me.”
“You should know that you were requested specifically,” Sean said from behind steeped fingers. “Mr. Hartling wants to see what you can do with that idea you threw at him over dinner. He already knows your work from what we gave him, and has faith in you, despite your lack of experience.” 
“Sean looks as proud as a papa-bird,” Judy muttered from the side of her mouth. Marcus barked laughter.
“Well, I did find her, after all. It was me who talked John into letting her on my team,” Sean said in defense.  
“Yeah, yeah, excellent judge of character and all that,” Ray said, waving him off. “Forgive me, I’m the newest member of this company, but that Research department is …how do I say…“
“Useless?” Marcus provided.
“Lazy?” Judy helped.
“Inefficient?” Sean supplied.
“Entrenched,” Ray finally spit out. “Krista is right. They won’t follow her direction because she is so new, and any work they do will most likely have to be redone.”
“Same with the art department,” Judy remarked. “I love them dearly, but it even took me a good prodding from Sean to get going.”
“You mean,” Marcus said with raised eyebrows and a smile, “a good prodding from Sean and being shown up by a twenty-year-old...” 
“The twenty-year-old did help, I admit,” Judy muttered.
“I’m twenty-five, by the way, guys,” Krista intoned.
“Same difference,” Ray said with a smile.
“Well, what are our options? I hesitate to hire off the street. There aren’t many Kristas,” Sean said deep in thought.
“Why not?” Judy asked.
“I am not really a real life model of a statistician.” 
The rest of the group was moved to silence. 
“I, uh, have a couple friends, though,” Krista supplied. “I went to school with them. One did almost as good as me in school, the other not as great, but they both know the stuff. I’m not sure how much they would cost, probably cheap, but they might work if the deal was sweet enough…”
“I want to meet them,” Sean said. 
“You already did. At the bar, remember?” 
“I meant, in a professional setting,” Sean explained.
Krista shrugged. 
He nodded, “Okay, we’ll table that for now. Judy, I have your art solution.”
“Who? We don’t have much budget left. And I’m not easy to work with.” 
It was obvious Judy didn’t like others making her hiring decisions for her. No good manager would.
“He’s already hired, and he’s the genius that made Marcus’s ideas come to life,” Sean said, looking at Krista.
She knew it was Ben the whole time. Who else would it be? Why else would Sean have gotten him in the door so early if he wasn’t already planning this? She wondered just how many steps ahead Sean really was.
“Now, Marcus, do you think you need help with ideas?” Sean asked, leaning forward on the table.
“Ideas, I got plenty, as long as I have Krista and this genius kid to work them out.”
“That’s what I was thinking,” Sean said, looking at Krista again. “We might need one more art person, but we’ll cross that bridge when we get to it.” Sean leaned back and sighed. He suddenly looked extremely tired. “I’ll email your newest assignments by tonight.” 
There was a collective groan. Sean just smiled and got up to go to his desk.
“Okay slaves, let’s go row,” Krista said, getting up as well.
“Krista, stay a minute, will ya?” Sean asked while looking at his computer.
Everyone else, sensing work, rushed out. Krista continued her groan and went to sit in the chair in front of his desk. After a couple minutes of him playing with his email, letting everyone else wander out, and she, sitting in silence the whole time, he finally asked, “We’re good, right?”
Krista felt a spark of heat remembering their exchange at the winery. She was a glutton for punishment, but holy-moly, she wanted him. Bad. She wished she could just satisfy her urges, just once, and then never see him again. At least the womanizing part of him. She would miss the part of him that was growing into her friend.
It killed her to feign indifference, but there was no other way. This job was insanely good for her career, it paid well, and what’s more, she really liked it. Sean the Professional was the challenge she needed. His management style worked with her in a way that was enabling her to grow into the position she wanted. Under Mr. Montgomery she would still be back where she started.  
“Yeah, we’re good,” she said with more tenderness than she intended.
Before Krista could close up shop with her gushy emotional sabotage, Sean looked at her closely with his brilliant green eyes. He nodded slowly, emotions warring on his face. “Good. I like working with you. I don’t want anything to come between us—that.”
She matched his nod with a fluttering heart. 
She was in a tough place. She was finally finding the part of herself she’d lost when she was with Jim. Her personality was emerging from the hiding place she’d stashed it to keep it, and herself, safe. And somehow, Sean had entwined himself in that process. She’d grown to trust and rely on his friendship—the part of him not touched by his womanizer traits. She kept slipping closer to him while trying to push him away. And instead of saving herself by cutting off communication, like she should do, she couldn’t; not after landing an account that would propel her career forward.
She’d been in better situations. 
It was a tough place, but for a future that included his friendship and this job, it was a challenge she would meet.

The End
***

The story continues in:
Overcoming Fear, Book 2


With the shadows of Krista’s past constantly lingering over her, Krista tries to keep herself at a distance from the handsome and effervescent salesman, Sean. The problem is, the more entwined they become working as a team to land the huge client, the closer they inevitably get. Soon Krista can’t help but face the feelings that have grown between them.
Sean doesn’t have a great track record with women. He’s always known how to get them, but keeping them has always been another story. He often jumps in with both feet, gets tangled, and goes running. 
It is when each of them finally face their fears, allowing the other in, that the real danger shows itself. Some pasts are harder to ignore than others.

EXCERPT:
Prologue


“Krista, we meet again.”
Krista looked up from a book as she crossed the parking lot, spying the speaker immediately. It was hard not to, eyes found him whether they’d intended to or not. Jim was six-foot-four and built like a football player, standing with complete confidence in his body, owning space like Elvis owned the stage. Hulking shoulders stretched his shirts, his thick arms corded with muscle hung loose at his sides.
“Hi, Jim,” she breathed, not stopping the smile that was curling her lips.
When he’d walked across the bar to talk to her the other night, she’d been the envy of every woman there. His flashing eyes had caught and held her, marking her as his, and not bothering to notice anyone else. He was dashing and handsome, and had that bad boy flair in need of taming.
There wasn’t a woman out there who wouldn’t raise her hand to the challenge. 
“Can I walk you?” he asked cordially, stepping to the side to allow her to pass.
“Sure,” her stupid face turned red as she slowed her step, falling in line with him.
“I wondered why you didn’t call,” Jim said easily, his rough voice smooth and silky, tugging at her groin.
She broke out in a nervous sweat, her stomach flipping and turning in this handsome man’s proximity. “I know—sorry! I haven’t had a chance. We’re in the middle of finals and I have so much work to do! I was planning on calling you tomorrow.”
“Hmmm. Well, in future, make time, huh? I like talking to ya.”
Krista’s face got hot as she burst with pride. A man like Jim wanting her? How the hell had she pulled that lucky ticket?
“Kris, we’re—oh…” Kate stood in front of the restaurant with her mouth wide open, staring at Jim. “Hi, Jim!” she said with a breathy voice.
Jim smirked, seeing the look. “Hello, Kate. How are you?”
“G-good,” Kate gulped and nodded.
Jim turned to Krista with his back to Kate, bending down to catch her eye. “Alright, call me. It’s not a request.” He gave her a tantalizing stare filled with heat, capturing and claiming her spirit. 
Tingles crawled up Krista’s legs as wetness burst into her panties. He winked, then left.
Krista watched him walk away with stars in her eyes, his powerful body moving along the sidewalk with grace.
“You are one lucky bitch, Krista Marshall!” Kate said in awe. “That man is too hot for his own good.”
“I know!” Krista gushed, fanning her face. “And he went out of his way to talk and make sure I called!”
Kate shook her head. “Lucky fucking bitch indeed.”

 

Chapter One

Krista sat in Sean’s office, turbulent with the emotions she was trying to suppress. She was wanting to keep her distance, stay firmly in the friend zone, but having a problem with the resolution. He had just asked her if they were okay; loaded question. 
He was just too much fun, smart, charming and personable. She didn’t even care about his startling good looks anymore. She was beyond that. She was beyond external beauty and body.
In theory, anyway. It wasn’t like she was a saint or anything, and he was HOT.
Sean sat at his desk, looking at her, wondering if they were still okay after what happened at the winery. After she allowed him to feel up her thigh. After leaning in, desperate for him to kiss her.
After he chose Monica over her and had just walked away.
Yeah, they were good in a work setting, but everything else needed to stay…somewhere else.
“Good,” he said, “I like working with you. I didn’t want anything to get in the way.”
“Ditto. These things happen. No big deal. Now, stop getting all sappy on me.”
He smirked, the corners of his lips tugging upward to give more smile, but he resisted. 
She needed to get out of the room. It was too small all of a sudden. Too hot. His musty scent too powerful. Her limbs too weak. Stuff was all messed up in her head. 
As she got up to leave, however, he said, “Ray is having a barbecue on Saturday.” Sean was looking at her thoughtfully. “He lives in the East Bay. I wondered if you would come, and bring your friends so I can meet them? No promises, but if they are any good maybe we can work something out with them rather than hiring unknowns.”
After landing the huge account Krista, Sean and their team had been working on, they needed more bodies to do the task. With the rest of Krista’s Research cronies being lazy and incompetent, Sean thought bringing on Kate and Jasmine, Krista’s longtime friends and college buddies, would really benefit all. But first, he had to get to know them, talk, since other than their only other chance encounter at the pub a while back, he didn’t know them other than what Krista had to say about them; which was all good. . 
“Uh…” Her brain went to her calendar. “Clear. Oh wait, poop. I’m supposed to go to the Folsom Street Fair.”
“You’re going to that?” 
The way Sean said it made Krista tilt her head. “Yeah, why?”
“Have you ever been?”
“No. Jasmine, or was it Kate? Well, they are dragging me. They say there’s nothing like it.”
“They’re right. But that’s next weekend. I think. I don’t keep track. But definitely not this weekend.”
“Oh. Well then, consider me there. What do I bring?”
“Yourself. Your friends. Uh…your boyfriend—Paul—if you want.”
“I don’t have a boyfriend. I’ll just bring the girls.” She wanted to ask who he was bringing.  Monica? Or someone else? Hopefully not someone from the company—she was sick of watching him overlook her.
Even though she shouldn’t have been. He was a womanizer and most definitely off-limits. Still …
He nodded. She nodded. Suddenly, things were awkward. She was about to step from professional to personal with Sean. She sincerely hoped her friends were on their best behavior. She also sincerely hoped she didn’t mess up and accidentally unzip his delicious fitting jeans!

~*~*~*~

Sean watched Krista go. He’d just taken the plunge. He shouldn’t have. He knew that. But…screw it.
He picked up the phone.
“Sean.” Ray, his good friend and now co-worker, waited patiently on the other end.
“Hey. Listen, thought you should know—I invited Krista to your barbecue on Saturday. And her friends. I want you to meet them.”
There was silence. Sean sat with his eyes scrunched up, awaiting judgment.
“Did you invite anyone else from the team?” Ray finally asked.
“No.”
Another pause.
“Is this wise?” Ray asked slowly.
Sean sighed. Then laughed to himself.
“What’s funny?” Ray asked, wary.
“I just had the thought that on Saturday I might sigh in front of Jasmine and see if she’ll Thump Bird me.”
“Thump Bird? What?”
“Never mind. Look, I don’t know if it’s wise, okay? But I want her. Something fierce. I want to invite her to a social thing with my friends and her friends and see what happens. See if outside of work she is just as irresistible as inside. See if she feels the same. If it’s burgers you’re worried about, I’ll bring more.”
“You know it’s not burgers that bothers me, Sean. We are so close to a huge career boost with this account.”
“We’ll close that gap with Tory. As a team. This weekend won’t mess that up. I won’t be able to beguile her—not with her friends looking over her shoulder, and not with Ben’s soft-spoken judgment. I’ve already talked to him and he’s going—he’s agreed not to mention it to Krista unless she mentions it first.”
“Sabotaging her friends? That’s a new one for you.” 
Ray sounded disapproving. He thought Sean was trying for a ploy, trying new ways to get her into bed. It was true, but not in the way he thought. He wanted her for more than a night. He didn’t care if it was breaking the mold on his normal routine, he was curious and he just had to know. He wanted to know her better. 
“Her friends are her chastity belt,” Sean answered, pushing commitment worries out of his brain. “They trust me less than she does. Ray, this isn’t like that. I’ll be under your nose the whole time. If I am not 100% genuine, you have my permission to tell Mary, and have Krista escorted from the premises. You can give her a tour of all my past failures.”
Another long pause. Then, “Sean, you know that generally I trust your decisions 95% of the time. I have always believed in you even when you didn’t believe in yourself. But this…she’s different. There’s a real change in you around her. A good change. I truly believe that you do feel something. The problem is that you’ll go in with guns blazing, get her hooked, and then run out just as fast. You’re playing for keeps in this one, and you are never the one that gets hurt.”
Sean hung his head. “I know. I know all that. But…Ray, Christ—I can’t get her out of my head. I can’t. I haven’t told you a few things that happened between us, but…I’m hooked, okay? I’m hooked and I just want to see. I want to see if her friends would mesh with my friends. If she would be comfortable with my people. That’s all. It’s not a date—I didn’t even sell it as a date. I sold it like a work function. I just…I need to see.”
“Did you talk to Cassie?”
Cassie was Sean’s younger sister. His other brain. His walking stick some of the time. All big decisions went through Cassie or Ray. This time, both.
“It was her idea.”
Yet another long pause. Ray was not comfortable with this.
“Do you not like her?” Sean asked, suddenly uneasy.
“Of course I like her, Sean. You know that,” Ray said testily. “Somehow she is the uncommon glue that brings this whole team together. Everything is starting to revolve around her. Even the art people—even Judy. Everyone is looking to her because she’s setting the standard, and it’s a damn high standard. She charmed me seconds after I met her even though I didn’t believe in her work yet. Tory only took us on because of her brain power, ambition, and trust in you. Liking her isn’t the issue. Or maybe it is, because I’m worried about what’ll become of her when you lock in your sights and then walk away like you always do. I don’t want to see her crumble. I don’t think she deserves it.”
The ball dropped. It was Sean’s turn for silence. He didn’t realize Ray was not on his side in this. It was a first. It was yet another disconcerting issue where Krista was concerned.
“I don’t know what to say, Ray,” Sean finally said. “I invited her. I want you to meet her friends—for work purposes. I want Mary to meet Krista. That’s about the gist of it.”
Ray sighed, “Well, I won’t let you lead that young lady around by the nose, Sean, whatever you might think. Even though she’s well able to look after herself, I won’t let you lead her on. I thought you should know. Other than that, I don’t mind the extra company on Saturday.”
“Great. See you then,” Sean said shortly.
Ray clicked off.
Sean looked at the earpiece for a long time. Ray didn’t usually hang up on him without saying goodbye. He didn’t usually give him so much grief about the girls he chose, either. He certainly didn’t lose faith in him so readily. It made Sean feel uneasy. But it didn’t change his mind. 
He had to see; to end this curiosity once and for all.

~*~*~*~

The morning of the barbecue, Krista got on her scrubs and went for a run. She needed to calm her nerves before meeting Sean in a personal setting. She had told Kate and Jasmine to be on their best behavior, but she knew they would start acting up as soon as Sean threw a line. She was worried.
Her running route wasn’t a tough one; it was a flat, paved path that ran along a four-lane highway directly above Ocean Beach in San Francisco. Krista was on the fourth mile, sweaty and loving it, when she saw a surfer coming up from the beach. 
Out–of-shape surfers were extremely rare around those parts. It was a sand breaking beach, which meant there was no coral; just a steady rise of earth where waves came in and broke multiple times before they slid onto the sandy beach. It meant surfers had to paddle, paddle and paddle some more to get out past the breaking waves. It took a lot of energy and perseverance, not to mention a high-calorie breakfast, to keep going long enough to make it worth it. It was another reason she didn’t surf there.
As always, she watched as the surfer approached the path, his wetsuit pulled to his waist. Most of the time these guys had great bods, and only some of the time they were old, so chances were that being creepy paid off with eye-candy. 
This dude was no exception. He had chest and arms that would make a gal drool. He wasn’t over-built, like he spent his whole life in the gym, but he probably did some weights to fill himself out. He had just the right physique to fit casually into a trendy muscle shirt. Also for a girl to show off to her friends.
He quickened his step across the path, trying not to impede her way, when he stopped suddenly. “Krista?”
Her eyes were lazily traveling up his glistening chest, as she always did when surfers dared show skin, when she heard her name. Her eyes jumped to his face and directly into Sean’s almond shaped eyes. 
Shock rocked through her body, causing her legs to stiffen and get tangled together. Being that she was nearly done with the four miles, and her body was severely taxed, she couldn’t recuperate gracefully. Instead, she dove, head first, into the dune shrubbery beside the path. She skidded on her side, swore, then rolled to a stop. 
As was customary around Sean the Savior, she felt two big, strong hands lifting her up. Overtired, she let them. 
When she was nearly upright, she locked her legs to make it easy on him to set her to rights, but in reality she still looked like a toddler learning to stand. She wobbled around for a minute, testing her balance, and noticed Sean’s left hand on her arm to steady her. 
“I’m good,” she said, raising her eyes to meet his. “Sorry about the sweat.”
His eyes were vivid green and worried. His dirty-blond hair was wet and tossed every-which-way. The sun glinted off his high cheekbones, accenting his noble features. Krista watched a droplet of water glimmer as it made its way down the middle of his six-pack. She shook herself out of creep mode.
 “Holy crap, McAdams, where did that body come from?” she laughed, seeing two more surfers approaching. They had wet suits intact, covering up the goods, the cheaters. 
Krista bowed and put her hands on her knees to catch her breath, filing away the image of Sean’s body into her mental Rolodex. Christ on a cracker she was tired. She looked at her watch while he was befuddled and complimented herself on the good time. Next week she would break her current record, she was sure of it--if she wasn’t still sore from this week.
Sean, finally recovering even though he hadn’t been the one running, laughed in embarrassment. “Uh,” and gestured toward his surfboard. 
Krista nodded and looked around. She was about a quarter mile from finishing. Also from her house. It was far enough.
“Can I escort you to your car?” she asked, looking for something to lean on.
“Are you sure you aren’t going to die on the way?”
“No.”
Sean grunted and started walking, and she followed in a collection of wheezes. 
“You were really moving,” he said as they made it down the slope to the street.
“I like to keep it in gear. It makes it more entertaining than just loping along.”
“You look like crap.”
“Gee, thanks man.” 
He laughed as he led the way to a house across the street. There were no houses actually on the beach, like in L.A. Here, there was the beach, a small highway, the narrow path that Krista ran nearly every day, a small hill with dune plants that she’d just dove in, which led down to a street, then a row of houses. It depended on the height of the small hill if the houses had an ocean view or not. The one they were walking toward did.
Sean stuck a key in the garage door to open it. 
“Oh, wait, you live here?” Krista asked, turning around to check out the view.
He squinted into the sun as he considered her, his expression guarded. “Yeah.”
“I thought you lived closer to work?”
“I live at work, actually. But I sleep here. I surf, so this is ideal for my lifestyle. Plus, I’m not such a city boy. I like being out here where there’s limitless ocean.”
“Well, not limitless. If you had better eyesight you could see Japan.”
“Maybe I’ll get a telescope,” Sean laughed.
“Why didn’t you ever mention you lived so close to me?”
He shrugged, not properly hiding his vulnerability. Personal lives versus work lives. Krista got it. She changed the subject. 
“Well, you are welcome to come over to my house for a pre-barbecue drink if you want. You can meet the girls and go over their portfolios. God only knows what they made up to put in portfolios, but that way they won’t have to truck their stuff to Ray’s.”
Sean was hosing himself off so Krista pulled up some cement to have a seat. Then she decided, why sit when you can lay? 
“Shouldn’t you stretch?” Sean asked after he turned off the hose. He had taken off his wetsuit and put a towel around himself. Krista was sad she missed it.
“Actually, what I should do is some sit-ups, then some squats, then stretch.”
“All that?”
“For now. Tomorrow is jumping rope and other muscle toning stuff. I have yet to get into yoga, but I will. Someday.”
“Let me get some shorts and I’ll do it with you.”
She wanted to ask if he was serious, but she didn’t really want to look up to get his expression. Instead she just closed her eyes and willed some strength into her body. Sean came back a moment later with a glass of water.
“C’mon. Up,” he said, bending over to help her.
“Are you one of those irritating fitness guys?”
“Yes. Here, drink.” 
She did as instructed, finishing the glass of water with thirsty gulps. Next she peeled off her sweaty shirt and wiped her face. She was thankful her sports bra was somewhat new. She had more holey ones than good ones these days.
“Jesus, Marshall, where did you get that body?” he asked with a laugh.
Her mushy four-pack wasn’t as exciting as his six-er. Her arms and legs were toned, not over-muscled, and she was healthy. She felt great and looked okay. It was exactly what she was after. It had to be, she didn’t have time to work out any more than she already did!
“Steroids,” she said dryly. “Wait until you see my stomach workout, McAdams. I’ll wipe that smile off your face.”
“Ready when you are.” He sounded so dang chipper about it. It was irritating. 
“Alright, I grudgingly do this, you know,” she tempered. “This isn’t the highlight of my life. Yeah, I feel good after, but it is forever a chore, so please drop the upbeat attitude. It makes my ass clench.”
Sean laughed and gave her a light push. Then they got down to business.
They spent the next twenty minutes doing various stomach exercises, then another ten on squats. Krista’s legs were so tired from the run that they didn’t appreciate the squats, and gave out a few times.
Once done, and to Krista’s intense bitterness Sean kept up easily, she laid down on the garage floor again. He could have gotten completely naked and she wouldn’t have noticed.
“Do you want to come in?” Sean asked with slight apprehension. 
It seemed like meeting outside of work was doing a number on his comfort level, which didn’t make much sense, since he’d met quite a few work women after hours for non-work-related activities of the naked persuasion. However, Krista was in no mood to point fingers. Or even raise fingers. 
“Nah, I need to get home. It’s going to take some work to get this pile of doggie poopie to look presentable.”
“Do you want me to walk you?”
“It‘s the middle of the day, Sean. I don’t think boogeymen are on duty.”
“Fair enough. When should I stop by?”
 “Give me an hour. I should have some semblance of structure by then. Wait, what time is it?”
“Uh…” Sean stepped into his garage, then back out again. “About eleven.”
“I gotta get going. An hour.” 
Krista shakily got to her feet while Sean laughed at her. She gave a behind–the-back wave as she lumbered off toward home, beyond tired. 
Once home, Krista showered, shaved, and checked the weather in the East Bay. It was amazing how large the weather differed from San Francisco to the surrounding areas. It might be sixty degrees in the city, but you crossed either bridge, and suddenly it was ninety. 
It was supposed to be eighty-five where they were going, so she picked out a cute summer dress that she wished she could wear more often, and her new wedges that made her legs look stellar. She nearly grabbed her underused summer hat, but thought it might be a bit much. Instead, she grabbed some bracelets. 
The doorbell rang before she could get to hair and makeup. She answered to Kate and Jasmine arguing about the best way to get to her house, even though it was already too late since they were, in fact, at her house.
“Hey, Kris.” Jasmine said, walking in the door, followed by a still-arguing Kate.
Jasmine was tall, lanky and a doomsday parade in her thoughts. She was a glass half-empty type of girl who tried extra hard to make things fun and entertaining to combat the boredom. 
“I have to get ready,” Krista said, checking her watch. “Go play with Ben. He’s going, apparently. Sean asked him before he asked me.”
“Are you bitter about that?” Kate asked with her hand frozen halfway to her bag.
In opposition, Kate was short and dainty, until she opened her mouth and threw out the first f-bomb. Swear words were her forte. She also knew the most about Krista’s troubled past with Jim, her abusive ex-boyfriend. She took it upon herself to police Krista’s interest in the charming, and womanizing, salesman.
“…no,” Krista hedged.
Kate looked at her in warning, but didn’t say anything. Jasmine ignored the whole issue. 
“Guys, I need to get ready. Go away.”
“I know,” Jasmine said, “You look like a monster.”
When Krista was mostly done with her makeup, hair already blown out, Kate came clattering in.
“He’s here!”
“Who, Sean?”
“Yes! He wants to see our work!”
Krista turned to Kate, “That’s what you’re here for, Kate. Aren’t you ready?”
“Krista Marshall, of course I’m ready!” Kate said, putting her hand on her hip. “I was only a few points behind you through the whole of our senior year. But man—he looked at me like I had better deliver or else!”
“Oh. That.” Krista turned back to the mirror. “That was probably just his business look. Don’t worry about it. He’s analyzing things. Not judging. Not yet.”
“You’re…” Kate hesitated. “You know him pretty well for such a short period of time.”
“Kate, get over this, will you? I’ve worked with him in my grill for about a year. Just…do your thing, okay?”
Kate looked at her askew. “You’re bitchy.”
“Want to see worse?”
She smiled, “Kind of.”
“Oh shut up and leave me alone!”
 “Thought Jaz was rubbing off. Damn.” Kate laughed and turned away.

Overcoming Fear, Book 2

***
Thank you for taking the time to read my ebook. Please leave feedback. For information on my other titles, please visit my website:
http://kfbreene.com/

To be put on the mailing list (for new releases and giveaways): http://www.kfbreene.com/mailing-list.html

Blog: kfbreene.org
Facebook: www.facebook.com/authorKF
Twitter: @KFBreene

