Tug of War
By K. Larsen
 Edited, Produced, and Published by Writer’s Edge Publishing 2013
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition
© 2013 by K. Larsen.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the publisher.

All characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
Other Books by K. Larsen
30 Days
Committed
Saving Caroline
Dating Delaney
Tug of War
Tug of War
He screams, shaking me more. I snap my eyes closed and pretend I’m anywhere else. His hands release my shoulders abruptly and as my eyes snap open I feel myself lose my balance. Stumbling to find my footing, I miss the next step and tumble. His hate-filled eyes watch every hit to the stairs that my body takes before I crumple at the bottom in a pile of skin and bones.

I’m Clara Lord. I own Bloodline’s Tattoo Parlor, have a filthy mouth, no filter, and a really strong objection to bossy idiots, pet names, and wealthy men. You will hate me, love me, or love to hate me, but either way, it doesn’t matter. Everything I touch turns to crap and it’s all my fault.
Bars & Barf
Eventually I’ll get to the bar--hopefully before last call, but at this rate my chances are looking slim. I should have done what Marg did and ordered two drinks, knowing how busy the club would be on a Friday night, but I didn't. I’m sweaty from dancing with my girls in the throng of people crowding the dance floor. Without warning my hair is swept off my back and over my left shoulder. Hanging to my shoulder blades, it’s hot and heavy, so the movement creates a breeze on my neck that feels good, but who the hell just touched me so intimately? I stiffen as warm breath blows over my shoulder.
“Could I interest you in a drink?” comes a deep, rough voice in my ear. I swing around shooting steel daggers and find myself eye level with a broad chest. Tilting my head back, I look up to an extremely handsome, tan, chiseled face.
“Excuse me?” I snap. He smirks. My snarky inner bitch already hates him.
“I’d like to buy you a drink.” His deep vibrato sends chills down my spine which surprises me.
“Oh?” I ask and quirk a well-groomed eyebrow at him.
“Yes, what would you like?” he asks. I want to smack the smug look off his face. I hate arrogance and entitlement, and this dude oozes both.
“I’d like to not be manhandled by a stranger,” I say snarkily.
“My apologies, but I’ve been watching you and I couldn't resist.” He steps closer to me.
“Creepy,” I quip, taking a step back. Mystery man reaches out, grabbing me at the elbow.
“Let me get you a drink,” he pleads a little more sternly.
“Why?”
“Why not?” he questions, looking amused.
“Persistent, aren’t we?” My voice is laced with disdain.
“Yes. I’ve been called that.” He grins. His eyes lighten slightly with his smile. He really is attractive.
“Give me one good reason,” I offer sarcastically. The corners of his mouth drop and his brows furrow.
“You intrigue me,” he says finally.
“That’s hardly a good reason, Mr...” I snort and wait. His lips twitch.
“Mr. Napoli. And I’d like to get to know you, Ms...” he counters.
“Lord. Ms. Lord. You don’t know me but I can assure you I’m stunningly average in all areas of life,” I inform him.
“I beg to differ,” he argues. Man, this guy is relentless and totally hot for himself. Anyone who thinks so much of themselves must be a catch, I snicker to myself sarcastically. Stepping in close to him I place my hand on his hard chest and smooth his tie with my hand. Who wears a suit to a club anyways? He grins at the contact and his eyes go dark as if I’m his prey. I fist the tie and tug gently until his tall firm frame bends to my five-foot-four level and I bring my mouth to his ear. “You can differ all you like but only I know the truth,” I purr. Releasing his tie, I turn on my boot heel and stalk back to my girls, fuming about that stupidly hot, “I’m so full of myself I could get any girl and I will” jerk. I plop down in my chair irritated and start ranting.
“Remind me why they don’t offer clubs that only let women in?” I ask sarcastically. Two dolled up ladies stare at me wide-eyed.
“Uh...what?” I ask, noticing their faces.
“Do you have any idea who you were talking to?! What did he want?!” Marg screeches.
“He wanted to buy me a drink and who the hell is he?” I bark back.
“Clara...do you live under a rock? That’s Dominic Napoli, real estate mogul, one of Boston’s ten most successful businessmen under forty. Didn’t you read the article I emailed you?” Amanda asks and looks at me like I’ve lost my mind. I did read it, but I read it because she wrote it, I didn’t really absorb or pay attention to the photos or why those guys were worth reading about. She knows I could give a crap about rich men.
“I guess I skipped his bio?” I say and shrug, still not sure why it’s that awesome that I met him. Sure he’s successful, but I don’t care about money and prestige. I’m not that into appearances and mingling with the right people. Been there, done that.
“Ladies, Mr. Napoli sends his regards. Please enjoy the wine,” the bartender interrupts us, placing a very expensive bottle of white wine on the table with three glasses.
“Man, what a jerk!” I cry in frustration.
“Shut up, Clara,” Amanda hisses, horrified. Marg ignores me and dives into the wine.
“I told him I didn't want a drink from him and what does he do? He does it anyway. This,” I gesture to the wine, “is sneaky and backhanded. Now it doesn't matter if I said no, he’s made it look all good-natured. Pompass ass.”
“Shut up and drink,” Marg laughs.
“Fine, but it’s consumption under protest,” I state and relax a little. What I really want to do is strut over to that cocky jerk and hand him his bottle of wine back while giving him a piece of my mind. What part of “no means no” is so hard to understand?
Icona Pop’s “I Love It” starts. This is my jam. I flat out love this song and I immediately jump up, snag the bottle of wine, leaving both girls screeching, and hit the dance floor. Shrugging at each other, Amanda and Marg follow and the three of us jump around shouting the words to the song and shaking our hips.
Taking a pull directly from the wine bottle, I notice Mr. Napoli watching from the VIP section. He’s really quite handsome; it’s a shame, really. If he’d been that handsome and an average Joe maybe he would have gotten lucky tonight, but my pure hatred of wealth and all that comes with it makes him off-limits. I toss my head back and take another pull before passing the bottle to Marg as “Wild Ones” starts and I lose myself in the music. Three songs later Amanda tugs on my arm, wanting my attention.
“What’s up?” I shout above the music.
“Marg and I want to hit up The Harp.”
“‘Kay, let’s go!” I shout back and follow them to our table to collect our things. The wine bottle passes between the three of us again, polishing it off. I have a serious buzz at this point which was my entire goal for tonight and tomorrow night. I’m only in town for the weekend and wanted a wild girls’ weekend with my two favorite ladies. I haven’t seen them in forever but work brought me back to Beantown finally, so I’d emailed them both, seeing if they were up for a couple nights on the town with me.
“How’s Alliecat and Sawyer?” Marg asks.
“Allie’s amazing, per usual, and Sawyer,” I sigh. “Sawyer is the only reason I was able to come. I don't know what I’d do without him.” Amanda and Marg shoot loving looks at me before we head into The Harp.
“God! I missed this place,” I squeal. “Is The Zoo playing tonight?” I ask. Marg and Amanda both double over laughing at me. “What?” I ask.
“Do you really think eight years later they’re still playing here?” Amanda chuckles.
“Oh. Right. Guess it’s been a while.”
“Yeah, ‘a while’ is an understatement, Clara,” Marg quips at me.
“I know, I know, but you guys know why I had to leave,” I say and throw my hands up in defense.
“Yes, we do and we understand. We’re just happy to have you for the weekend, babe!” I get double-teamed by my girls in a giant hug and can't help but giggle with them. It really has been too long. I’ve missed out on a lot in their lives. We e-mail, text, and call, but it’s not the same really and Lord knows they’ve missed out on my life. It is what it is though, and I did what I had to do and never looked back and I’m happy with my life now.

Cramming into a table for two, we order three beers and wait for the band to come on. “So how was the exhibition today?” Marg asks.
“It went really well. I mingled with some other people in the Virginia area, too. Hopefully it will drum up some new business.”
“Is the shop turning a profit that you can live on now?” Amanda inquires.
“Yeah, it has been for a while. We’re really starting to get busy. Sawyer and I might need to bring in a third artist. That was the other part of coming to the show today, I wanted to scope out some talent.”
“Well it sounds like things have really come together for you. I’m happy,” Marg says and smiles approvingly. It’s nice to know they support me. Eight years ago, hell, five years ago, if you’d asked me if I would be running my own shop and making money doing it I would have laughed in your face.
“Thanks.” I smile.
“Any of you ladies care to dance?” a stocky guy with a bad teenage mustache asks. I snort and shake my head “no” while Marg looks like she wants to hide under the table and never look at his face again, and Amanda, oh boy, she looks like she’s ready to give the guy hell.
“You have balls, I’ll give you that. What are you? Eighteen? Twenty? How’d you get in here? The street lights are on it’s past your bedtime.” She flicks her wrist, shooing him away as I burst into laughter. “What?” she asks. “We’re cougars but we still have standards.” She giggles.
“Cougars? Seriously, since when does thirty-two put you in cougar territory?” I chortle.
“When the boys hitting on you are a decade or more younger than you. That’s when,” she replies.
Marg finally lifts her eyes. “Is creepy mustache gone?” We all double over with laughter as we sip our beers.
As the band steps onto the stage and starts to play their nineties cover songs, I think back to when this was the norm in my life. College had been a blast and these two girls had been my partners in crime for four years and some change. I really did miss them and having time to just be crazy and wild and free. Marg tugs me to my feet and stumbles a little. I’m really glad I wore my cowboy boots instead of heels. Sure, I probably stick out like a sore thumb, but I’m comfortable, can dance, and will still be able to walk home without my feet feeling like they are bleeding. “Hey Jealousy” ends and “Laid” starts and I can’t help but be swept away in the moment. I feel carefree and eighteen again.

Mid-song I’m singing my heart out, jumping around wildly, having the best time ever, when two large hands grip my waist. His fingers splay wide, holding me firmly. I feel a tingle course through my body at the contact. My hormones go into overdrive at the long-forgotten feeling of being held by a man like this. I stiffen and stand stock-still, enjoying the sensation before realizing that I have no male counterpart with me. “Don’t Stop Believing” starts just as I whip around to face my grabby fan. “We meet again, Ms. Lord,” Dominic says coyly. His hands are scorching my sides as I stare up into his dark eyes. He’s so attractive. His black hair is perfectly coiffed and his suit looks like it was tailor made just for him. I’m sure I’m staring like an idiot but the beer has officially sent me one-sheet-past-three to the wind and I can’t form a witty retort. Instead I stare dreamily, like a reject, at the chiseled face before me. I can’t be sure but I think I even sigh. He smiles widely at me and I blink.

Gathering myself, I pull out of his grip and in my drunken stupor stumble backwards, landing on the stage. The lead singer takes this as an invitation and hauls me to my feet. Figuring “what the hell?” I rip the microphone from his hands and start belting out the song. “Working hard to get my fill, everybody wants a thrill. Payin' anything to roll the dice, just one more time. Some will win, some will lose....” The mic is stolen away as the chorus begins and he holds the mic out to the crowd. Amanda and Marg yank me down from the stage, barely containing their laughter at my show.
“What the hell, Clara?!” Amanda shouts. She can barely contain her laughter.
“Yeah, Clara, I had no idea you were a rock star,” a booming deep voice calls out. Marg and Amanda spin around and eye Mr. Dominic Napoli as he reaches out, snags my hand, and pulls me to him. I’m stupefied. He’s warm and hard and he smells so flippin’ good. Instead of moving away I stand molded to him.
“Mr. Napppppoli,” I slur and silently will myself to shut up. “What a pleasuuure.” Amanda kicks my shin, hearing my tone, but I ignore her. I know she’s trying to save me from the verbal diarrhea attack that's about to happen. “Although you are apparently the perfect male specimen,” I drag my eyes from his face down to his crotch and back up lewdly, “I really would appreciate it if you could keep your hands to yourself. Perv.” I can’t help it. I know it’s not the right time but I am really freaking hilarious and I bust out laughing at myself.
He cocks his head to the side and openly stares at me with curiosity. There’s something about him that makes my skin crawl and tingle simultaneously. A war starts between my brain and my hormones. The rational side of me says to run away, you hate his kind, but my libido screams: it’s been months, he wants you, have a wild night--take him.
“Ladies, could I convince you to let me give you all a ride home?” He looks back and forth between Marg and Amanda who stand there stunned stupid, looking like enamored school girls. I grunt and give this Dominic character a little shove out of my personal space. “We’re not leaving now,” I growl. I hate being told what to do. It’s a problem.
“I think you’ve had enough,” he clips.
“Excuse me? What are you, my father?” I bite out.
“I think you’ll have a terrible hangover if you don’t quit now.” His arrogance is really, really irritating me.
“Marg, Manda. We’re leaving. I hate him,” I spout, poke him in the chest, and yank my bag from Amanda’s hand while making a beeline for the door. The cool night air hits me like a brick in the face and suddenly, instead of feeling refreshed, I feel tired and sick. I lean against the building and hang my head, trying to get the spinning to stop.
“Hey, you all right?” Marg asks, rubbing my arm softly.
“I don’t feel well,” I moan pathetically.
“NO puking in the taxi,” Amanda laughs. She’s teasing, I never puke. Well, not never, but it’s a rare occurrence and I usually can hold it together until there’s a clean bathroom in sight.
“Hey! I’m no P.J., there will be no puke and throw from this gal.” I point at myself and attempt to laugh.
“Oh my god! Do you remember that?” Amanda asks and doubles over with laughter at the memory. Our friend P.J. was disgustingly wasted, interestingly enough at the bar we just left, and he threw up in his hand, cupped it, then threw it behind him. He repeated the act until he was finished throwing up. Seriously. Amanda and I had caught him in the act as he stood in the corner discreetly covering his mouth then whipping it behind him. “That was the most disgusting yet hilarious thing I’ve ever witnessed,” I chuckle. A wave of nausea rolls over me, stopping my laugh. I groan and turn away from my friends while I try to fight the impending doom lurking in my stomach.
“Ew. Are you going to be okay?” Marg asks.
“Mmhmm...why don’t you head home? I'll text you tomorrow for brunch,” I mutter between deep breaths.
“Alrighty.... Amanda, see you tomorrow. Love ya, Clara!” she calls, her heels clicking and clacking on the sidewalk as she hails a cab.
“Offer still stands,” comes that voice that’s like dark chocolate and silk. I want to look up but I can’t move so I stay doubled over.
“I don't think you want her riding in your car,” Amanda giggles, pointing at me I’m sure.
“You look tired. Why don't I have my driver take you home and I’ll stay with Clara until she sobers up,” he offers. I want to protest but my stomach is rolling and I need to continue my deep breathing and concentration to keep everything contained.
“That sounds wonderful,” Amanda elates. What the fuck! Why is she throwing me under the bus? “Hoes before bros” apparently has no meaning to her. A strangled groan escapes me and Amanda is instantly at my side.
“What are you doing?” I hiss at her.
“Shut up, Clara. I'll see you in the morning when you’re ready to thank me,” she snips. I want to strangle her and her good intentions. A car door shuts and I hear Amanda call out “have fun” before wheels screech and I assume she’s taken off by Dominic’s driver.
“Clara. Can you stand?” he asks hesitantly.
“Of course I can stand you turd,” I say and straighten, pushing off the wall and immediately wishing I hadn't. Everything tips sideways and I feel like death. My crouched position was a much, much better one. His arm darts out steadying me and I clutch it for dear life. “Wait a moment,” he grumbles. “Yes. The Harp. Thank you,” he clips into his phone. Jerk. Who is he talking to with such attitude? “Clara, I’m going to pick you up,” he says softly, the irritation in his voice from a moment ago gone.
“Nooo,” I groan. “Feet need to stay on ground.”
“Sorry, darling, but we need to move and I don’t think you can keep up.” My feet leave the ground, making my stomach turn or maybe it was the pet name; I detest pet names. I wrap my arms around his neck and press my head into his shoulder, trying to mentally right myself and tamp down the bile rising in my throat. He walks swiftly, as if I weigh nothing, to the curb and waits as a man opens a car door for him. Squatting down, he slides into the car with me still attached to him. I’m positioned on his lap and although I really dislike this weirdo I’m relieved to be on my way home. I don’t dare lift my head so I keep it buried in his neck and, surprisingly, he holds me tightly to him, silently. God, what kind of cologne does he wear, I want to get some for Sawyer because I need to smell this smell all the time. His fingers move gently through my hair and I want to tell him to cut the shit but I can’t make my mouth perform the task. The longer I keep my eyes closed and the firmer he holds me the more the spinning sensation subsides and sleepiness takes over. As I drift off to sleep it occurs to me that he didn’t ask for my address, but maybe Amanda told him when she left.
Sweatsuits
Oh my god do I have a raging headache. My mouth is so dry and my eyes are crusty. I feel like death. No, scratch that, I feel like a bag of smashed assholes. Why are the curtains open, is Amanda trying to kill me? I squint through the blinding light towards the offending open curtains. Shit! Where the fuck am I? I jackknife up. Wrong move. I feel myself pale and my stomach churns. I quickly collapse back onto the fluffy down pillows and squeeze my eyes shut. It’s chilly. Why am I cold? Chancing another vomit attack I open my eyes and peer down at myself. I’m wearing a t-shirt. A plain white men's t-shirt. No. No. No! I reach under the blanket and feel. No underpants. What the hell is going on?
As if on cue, the bedroom door opens and the Devil himself appears, disguised as a sexy-as-sin beefcake.
“Clara. Glad to see you’re awake,” the Devil says. My mind goes into overdrive trying to piece together what happened last night. I don’t remember anything after stepping outside The Harp. “RAPE!” I scream in full-on panic. The Devil smirks and sits on the end of the bed as I tightly wrap the blankets up around my neck and tremble.
“I’d prefer it if you didn’t scream that,” he says dryly.
“Wh..what the HELL is going on?” I stutter.
“You fell asleep. I didn’t know where you lived so I brought you here to sleep it off,” he explains calmly.
“Why, then, do I not have any UNDERWEAR on!?” My voice is unusually high and hurts my eardrums. Guilt flashes across Dominic’s face but quickly morphs into a grin before answering. “I changed you. I thought perhaps you’d be more comfortable in my t-shirt.”
“Perhaps you should have checked with me...PERHAPS you should have woken me up and asked for my address! PERHAPS YOU SHOULD HAVE LEFT MY CLOTHES ON!” All right, I’m in full-on freak-out mode here. I need to collect myself before I strangle this man and have to take Allie and Sawyer on the lam with me. I’m not usually so easily riled but this guy seems to bring out the worst in me.
“Perhaps, you should calm down,” he snickers. It’s official. He’s a douche and I loathe him. Just get out of here, Clara.
“Where are my clothes?” I clip.
“They're on the chair.” He nods at the chair in the corner where my clothes lay folded and places a hand on my ankle.

“Out!” I bark. He shakes his head as he stands. Before shutting the door behind him he calls out quietly, “You have an amazing body, Clara.” The door latches and I vomit in my mouth a little bit before stumbling from the bed with the blanket still wrapped around me. I know I have a t-shirt on but I feel like I’ve been violated. Scooping up my clothes I hold them and the blanket to me precariously as I fumble with another door in the room, hoping it leads to a bathroom. The room is immaculate. King-sized four poster bed that, I’ll admit, was comfortable. The carpet is a deep gray and plush. Everything in the room is done in various shades of cream and white. It screams money and luxury. I stumble over the end of the blanket into the bathroom and have to pick my jaw up off the floor.

This is the kind of bathroom every woman on the planet dreams of. A toilet is separated from the rest of the bath by a half wall, there's a large marble double sink and the most luxurious-looking deep claw-foot bathtub next to the glass-tiled shower with three, I repeat, three, shower heads. An unopened toothbrush and toothpaste sit on the counter next to a blow dryer and hairbrush, and the shower is stocked with Fekkai shampoo and conditioner and Creed Spring Flowers body wash. That makes the toiletries total well over a hundred dollars. Nothing compared to my Dove collection at home. What the hell, I might as well enjoy it all while I’m here. I turn the shower on as hot as I can stand it before stepping in and relishing the spray from the various shower heads. It’s heavenly. I can feel the tension being beaten out of me with every well-placed spray of water. I wash my hair twice--the shampoo smells delicious--before moving on to the conditioner. Once I’ve completed all my washing duties I realize that I’ve probably spent a ridiculously long time in the shower uninterrupted--something that never happens at home--so I shut the water off and hop out.

Tagging the robe on the door I notice that it’s 100% cashmere. Who buys a cashmere robe--for guests, no less? I tie it securely, brush my teeth and hair, and exit the bathroom. I really don’t want to put my dress, dirty undergarments, and boots back on so I snoop around the drawers of the dresser in the room until I find a Princeton sweatshirt and matching sweat pants. Figures, Princeton. Oh my, aren’t we just too cool? They are so huge on me I have to roll the waist of the sweatpants and draw the strings tight to keep them up. Tugging on my cowboy boots I realize I look like a strange combination of a hobo and a cowgirl but I really don't care, I’m comfortable. I hang the robe on the hook in the bathroom, grab my dress and undergarments, and exit the bedroom. The hallway, or corridor more likely, due to the size of it, screams wealth and power. Artwork, not prints but actual art, hangs on display as I wander down until I come to the living room. Maybe it’s a sitting room--I don’t really know and I sure as shit don't care. Everything but the bathroom is ostentatious.
“Hello, Clara,” Dominic says and smiles, uncrosses his long legs, and sets his paper aside.
“Uh. Morning,” I stammer.
“Would you like something to eat? Coffee, perhaps?” he offers.
“Not really. I have brunch plans,” I bite out.
“At one?” he questions.
“ONE?! Crap! Why didn’t you wake me up? Amanda and Marg are probably freaking out right now,” I argue. Why am I arguing? Just get out of here, Clara.
“No worries, I responded to their texts for you this morning,” he says triumphantly.
“You what? Where is my phone? My purse?” My heart rate has spiked through the roof.
“It was ringing and ringing. You needed the sleep,” he explains, as if he did me a favor.
“Give me my shit now. I’m leaving,” I say through clenched teeth.
“In that?” he gestures to my outfit.
“I will mail it back to you.”
“I didn’t mean that, I meant you’re going out in public dressed like that?” His tone of disdain is really starting to irk me.
“Yes. I am. And I will return the sweat suit to you, not that you probably ever wear it,” I say flatly. He stands and stalks over to me, stopping just inches from my body. He’s in khakis and a crisp white button-up shirt. The sleeves are unbuttoned and rolled to his elbows. I have to tilt my head up to keep his gaze. Everything about him screams “alpha male.”
“Well then,” he breathes. “Let’s get your things.” Why does this man smell so delicious and why does he make my blood boil?
“Yes, let’s,” I clip. His hand snakes around my waist, landing at the small of my back as he ushers me in the right direction. I like the feel of it.
“I’m not sure what I’ve done to warrant such hostility, Ms. Lord. You’re quite the curious creature,” he chuckles and I bristle.
“You think that just because you have money you’re entitled. I’ve endured that type of man before and it honestly is quite the turn off if you must know.” I can’t believe that much honesty just shot out of my mouth. He pauses mid-step to peer down at me.
“Endured, eh? Interesting choice of words. You have no interest in money?” he asks curiously. I choose to ignore the “endured” portion of his comment; I don't owe him an explanation.
“Not the kind of money you have. Of course I’m interested in money, in being financially secure and not living paycheck to paycheck but beyond that, no, I have no interest in it or the people that come with it,” I fire back.
“Interesting,” he grins.
“Not really,” I retort.
“Oh but it is. Most women would love to gain the interest of a man with my standing.”
“The fact that you just referred to yourself as ‘a man with my standing’ is completely disgusting.” I want to barf all over his expensive marble flooring.
“Is it now?” His eyes are like storm clouds. I think maybe I’ve driven the point home finally as we resume walking toward the door.
“Yes. I know wealth. I know poor. I prefer a happy medium. Money doesn't equal happiness, Mr. Napoli. It creates a prison that you’re forced to conform to. It’s...it’s sad. I feel bad for privileged people. They aren't really free to live how they want,” I ramble. Why am I even bothering to explain myself to this nitwit?
“That’s quite the take. No one’s ever had the balls to be so frank with me about my lifestyle.” His fingers move a little at the small of my back causing fire to bubble in my belly. I feel entirely too hot in this sweatshirt suddenly.
“Well, you’re welcome,” I snip, and he chuckles again. His voice is smooth and husky and it chafes me that it affects me at all.
“Here you are, Clara.” He hands me my bag and I double check to make sure that my phone really is in it before looking back to him. He extends his card to me. “So you know where to return my clothes,” he explains, dangling the card. I snatch it from his hand and toss it into my purse without care.
“Thanks,” I bark.
“Till next time?” he asks.
“Uh.” There is no way there will be a next time. As if sensing the impending verbal abuse he’s about to encounter, the hand at the small of my back tugs just enough to send me flying into his torso. His arms wrap around me. One snakes up my back to the nape of my neck. His fingers tangle in my wet hair and tug gently until I’m looking up at him. I’m speechless. I’m never speechless. His face lowers to mine until our lips are a whisper apart and I swear I can hear myself panting with anticipation. He holds my gaze and presses me firmly to the length of him. “Goodbye, Clara.” His breath washes over my face. It’s minty. I have the urge to push up on my toes and press my lips to his but I don’t. His head dips lower and left as he brushes a tender, barely-there kiss in the hollow of my collarbone then abruptly releases me.
Goosebumps break out all over me as I stagger back a few steps, wide-eyed and unsure of how to respond. I want to slap his pretty face and jump him all at the same time. My feelings are way out of control. I choose fumbling with the doorknob instead and darting down the hotel hallway towards the elevators without any farewell at all. In the elevator I try to control my ragged breaths. What the hell is wrong with me? Dominic Napoli is an ass and hot and infuriating and sexy and I think I want him.
* * * * *
“Are you serious right now? He kissed you in that?” Amanda squeals at me.
“Slow your roll, homegirl. What’s wrong with this?” I Vanna White my hand down my torso, making her snicker.
“Well, on any other day, nothing,” she says and shrugs.
“Exactly. This is any other day, Dominic Napoli or not,” I snort.
“I guess. So nothing happened? Nothing?” she pleads for information.
“Not unless you count undressing me without my consent while I was passed out,” I counter.
“Ya know, that is a little creepy...no panties?” She crosses her arms over her chest and shivers.
“Nope. Just his t-shirt. Who removes a woman’s underwear in that situation? It’s like begging for a lawsuit,” I quip.
“I’m with ya on that one. Sorry. I should have just taken you home with me.” Her face falls as she looks guilty.
“It’s all right. I was too drunk to do anything stupid--well, beyond passing out with a stranger in a car.” I shrug and laugh.
“Still, hoes before bros.” Her words spark a memory as she fist bumps me.
“Crap. I remember thinking that as you left...and I think...I think he carried me to the car but I don't remember anything else. I must have fallen asleep on him when we started driving,” I lament.
“He carried you?” Amanda asks incredulously.
“Yeah, I’m almost certain I remember being picked up and carried.” I drag my hand down my face in embarrassment. “I’m such a lady.”
“Said no one ever.” She giggles and I playfully smack her.
“Well enough about that, what are we doing today?” I ask.
“You hungry?”
“Always.” I smile.
“There’s a good roast beef place around the corner.”
“Roast beef?” I laugh.
“Yeah. They have pastrami, clam strips, and really load the beef in,” she says, not following me.
“Meat curtains,” I say in a deadpan tone and she finally gets it and starts laughing.
“Would you like cheese dripping from yours?”
“Ohmigod yes. Think they make a good fish taco?”
“Well, the staff is really friendly...”
“So I could totally get a meaty roast beef sub dripping with cheese, American or cheddar?”
“American of course... cheddar implies STDs,” Amanda says and I double over in laughter.
“My mind never seems to leave the gutter, sorry,” I laugh.
“That’s good because mine doesn't either...now roast beef or pastrami?” she asks.
“Clam strip,” I say again in a deadpan tone, sending us into another fit of laughter.
Reality
Sunday arrives entirely too fast and before I know it I’m on a plane back to Blacksburg, Virginia, home of Virginia Tech, nestled between the picturesque Blue Ridge and Alleghany Mountains in the New River Valley and blissfully off the grid. The plane touches down in Roanoke, I exit with my carry-on, find my car, and make the drive home. Pulling into the driveway of our three-bedroom cape-style home I feel a wave of relief. I blow through the door like a storm and fall heavy into Sawyer’s arms.
“I missed you, love,” he says, kissing the top of my head. I release him and smile up at his beautiful face. The only pet names I’ve ever been able to tolerate are the ones that spill from his perfect mouth. I tried like hell to fall in love with Sawyer four years ago but after our initial highly intense physical relationship, I realized I didn’t have those kinds of feelings for him and broke it off. To my surprise, he’d stayed anyway, and we’ve been best friends ever since. He’s your textbook hot bad boy, except he’s not really a bad boy. Sure, he’s six-foot-two, muscled in all the right places, rides a motorcycle, has tattoos and a couple piercings, but he’s really a big teddy bear. His brown hair falls into his eyes as he looks me over. I push it out of his face for him and sigh. “Missed you too. I had so much fun though!”
“Mooommm!!” Allie squeals as she races around the corner. She slams into me with the force of a train, knocking us both to the floor.
“Hiya, babe. I missed you!” I coo in her ear and shower her with kisses.
“Oh my god Mom, we had so much fun this weekend, I mean I missed you too but Sawyer took me to see a real band!” she rambles as I pick myself up off the floor and straighten my clothes. Tilting my head at Allie, I shoot a look at Sawyer.
“And what band would this have been?” I ask, suddenly wanting to throttle him.
“Relax Mamacat, Jon Christie was playing. It was musical education at its finest.”
“She’s eight,” I remind him flatly.
“Get out! She’s eight?!” he throws my snark right back at me. God, I love him. Chuckling, I look to Allie. “Did you like it?”
“Mooom. He’s so awesome...and cute!” she squeals, turning bright red before burying her face in my stomach. I squeeze her to me as Sawyer and I laugh at her admission.
“Well, I’m glad you had fun,” I tell her before saying to Sawyer, “Thanks for watching her.” He smiles a tender smile. Of course he watched her, he might as well be her dad and I don’t think there is anything he wouldn't do for us.
“No prob. Listen, I'm meeting Kylie for dinner but I’ll be home tonight so you can fill me in on all the awesomeness that was your trip,” he says. I snort in mock disgust at him. I hate Kylie. All right, I don't hate her, but she's annoying and all wrong for Sawyer. For the past two years they’ve had on-again off-again dating bouts. I’m a little disappointed that he’s heading out after I just got home.
“Have fun with Kyyyyylie,” I say with sarcasm. He raises his brows at me but wisely chooses to say nothing about my juvenile remark. He kisses Allie on the head, then me, and takes off, the rumble of his bike echoing down the street. “Well, Alliecat, looks like it’s just us for dinner, what should we have?” I ask as we make our way into the kitchen. I love this house. Sawyer and I bought it three years ago. The first floor is an open concept with a large kitchen, and the three bedrooms upstairs are large and all have great views of the rolling hills surrounding the house. It’s perfect for the three of us.
Initially I’d had a heart attack when Sawyer surprised me by bringing me to see the house and suggesting we buy it. I don't buy houses. I rent. Renting lets you pick up and take off if the mood hits, houses don't. Allie and I had moved around so much the first four years of her life that I wasn’t sure she knew what home was. After Sawyer, though, Allie was hooked on him and we’d quickly settled down together. Moving only twice in the first year we were friends, I’d found a vacant shop in Blacksburg and Sawyer and I were following our dreams and opening a tattoo parlor, Bloodlines.
He quickly convinced me that Allie needed a real home and this was it: close to our shop, good schools, and the right size. It didn't take long to cave to Sawyer’s wishes. Six months later we were home owners and I never looked back. Sure, sometimes when the breeze blew I had the sudden urge to pack up and go, but Sawyer had the uncanny ability to make my restlessness dissipate and I’ve been happily playing house with him for the last three years. We have an understanding and we both love each other deeply...we're just not, you know, in love .
“Mac and cheese,” Allie grins, holding a box of Velveeta to me, knowing I’ll cringe. I’m not Mom of the Year by any means but I loathe feeding my kid boxed macaroni and cheese.
“Fine. You get the music, I’ll make the dinner,” I concede, loving the ear-to-ear smile she throws at me. Allie fires up the docked iPod and the house fills with Stars. “Can we see them someday, Mom?” she asks.
“Yeah, sure. They put on a really great show.” I wink and put the pot of water on the stove, turn up the heat and wait for it to boil. By the time Allie has showered, done her homework, and is asleep for the night, Sawyer’s bike rumbles into the driveway. I’m in my favorite t-shirt of his and yoga pants, curled up on the couch watching An Idiot Abroad. I love Karl.
“Hey, muffin,” Sawyer says, plopping down next to me and swinging my legs over his lap. “Tell me about this trip,” he says, starting to massage my foot. I moan from the sheer pleasure it brings me. The man really knows all my weaknesses. I pause the TV and dive in. “Well, Amanda and Marg are doing awesome. It was so good to see them. I really should have made it happen sooner,” I start. “We went out to Hurricane Friday night and I was mauled by a wealthy mogul that apparently is a big deal...”
“Are you all right?” he interrupts my story.
“Yeah, yeah. Well...kinda, let me finish. His name's Dominic Napoli...”
“NAPOLI?! Like the hotel and club-owning millionaire?” Again, really?
“Sawyer. Can I talk or are you going to interrupt me every step of the way?” I bark and he smacks his lips together. “Right, so yes, that guy, and no, I told him off. He is a huge jerk.” I wave my hands around, dismissing the idea of Dominic. “So we left the club and went to our old haunt The Harp. It was awesome. I was having so much fun...well, okay, maybe a little too much,” I amend. Sawyer winks knowingly. “When he showed up and told me it was time to go home. I mean seriously...I was irked. I totally said some ridiculous stuff to him in true Clara form and ran out of the bar. Then I got sick. Well the spins and you know, the constant battle to keep everything contained,” I add. He chuckles and moves on to my other foot. “So Marg goes home, and Amanda lets that idiot's driver take her home and leaves me with him. After that, all I remember is being carried to a car and waking up at his place the next morning with only his tee on.” I pause to suck in a deep breath but Sawyer’s eyes have clouded over and look frosty.
“Clara...” he groans, upset, dragging a hand down his face.
“No, no.” I stop his train of thought. “Nothing happened...I think. I mean he stripped me and put a tee on me but I slept alone. I totally berated him and made a hasty exit,” I correct.
“Why the hell would he strip an unconscious drunk women?” he barks.
“That’s the million dollar question isn’t it?” I ask, trying to lighten his mood. He’s so protective of me sometimes.
“I really don't like this story,” he says through clenched teeth. I sit up, change positions, and snuggle into his chest. He wraps an arm around me gently.
“Well, that’s the end of it. Amanda and I spent Saturday shopping, saw a movie, and then met Marg for a low-key dinner,” I quickly finish. His fingers trail lightly up and down my arm and I can feel him relaxing a little. Phew. Crisis averted. “Wanna finish watching An Idiot Abroad with me?” I offer, snaking my arm around his waist and squeezing. The stiffness melts from his body and he swings us around so we’re spooning on the couch together.
“Sure, love,” he says softly. I tag the remote and play the show.
Dreams & Lies
His fingers dig into my shoulders, no doubt leaving bruises, before he starts violently shaking me. “You HOCKED IT? YOU HOCKED THE FAMILY RING?” he screams, shaking me more. I snap my eyes closed and pretend I’m anywhere else. His hands release my shoulders abruptly and as my eyes snap open I feel myself lose my balance. Stumbling to find my footing I miss the next step and tumble. His hate-filled eyes watch every hit to the stairs that my body takes before I crumple at the bottom in a pile of skin and bones.

I jackknife up, struggling to catch my breath. I feel like I’m being strangled. Pulling my knees into my chest I lay my head on them and fight to control the sobs racking my body. It was just a nightmare, I remind myself. When I’ve gathered myself enough to stop crying, I tiptoe--careful not to wake anyone--to Sawyer's room and crawl into bed with him slowly, hoping I won't wake him.
“Nightmare, love?” he asks. His voice is heavy with sleep.
“Sorry,” I say softly as his arms wrap around me and pull me into him.
“No need love, I’m right here. You’re safe. Allie’s safe. Let’s sleep.” He kisses my head and I breathe a sigh of relief as the safety of Sawyer’s arms washes over me. He knows all but one of my secrets. Hell, he’s really the only person out there that even knows me anymore.
“Love you, Sawyer,” I mumble and scoot my butt back into his crotch, getting as close as possible to him. His sigh lets me know that he heard me before we drift off to sleep together.
* * * * *
“How much longer?” he grimaces.
“Do you need a break, pansy?” I chuckle at my client as the buzz of the gun drones on.
“Yeah,” he clips. I stop what I’m doing, wipe his skin clean, and let him sit up.
“Ten,” I tell him. Sawyer and I have a full schedule today, which is great. The college kid, grumbling as he stands and stretches before me, is getting the most boring tribal design ever across his shoulders. These generic tattoos are the bane of my existence. I prefer art for individuals over tramp stamps for the masses but money’s money and the kid wants what he wants. I strut over to Sawyer’s station shaking my head in amusement as I catch the kid staring at my ass.
“Nice,” I coo, looking at the owl of death he’s currently working on. He’s amazing with colors. I should know, he did my masterpiece. When we first opened the shop Sawyer had started my tattoo and over the course of a year finally finished it. It’s a giant intricate gothic-meets-tribal-meets-classic, Swallowtail black and white butterfly that spans my entire side, rib cage to my hipbone. It’s about six inches wide. From the blurred tips of the wings a thousand small butterflies in brilliant blues, purples, and greens burst out, trailing down my hip and up my shoulder blade. It’s literally the length of my torso with half appearing on my back wrapping around just barely to my front. It’s my only one and I adore it. The way the large black and white butterfly bursts into a hundred brilliantly-colored smaller ones of varying sizes always brings a smile to my face. Some of the smaller ones have words worked into the lines of the wings: devoted, Allie, Sawyer, love, truth, heart. The words are scattered here and there throughout the hundred smaller butterflies and you really have to inspect the tattoo to find them. It’s pure artwork.
“Thanks, muffin.” He grins and wipes the skin in front of him clear. “I’ll get Alliecat after school. I should be done in twenty.”
“Great. I have about half an hour left on this one before my next appointment at three. Should only take about an hour though. Pizza tonight?” I ask, arching my back and smiling at the dude on Sawyer’s table.
“Sounds good,” he says distractedly as he focuses on his work. Strutting back to my station above the hum of the needle I hear his client tell him he’s damn lucky to have a fine piece of ass to go home with. I hear Sawyer snort and agree, not bothering to enlighten him on our relationship. It’s good, actually: the more people that think I’m taken the better. Being in the line of work I’ve chosen and looking like I do makes me a prime target for being hit on relentlessly and I really don’t like having to constantly defend myself from perverts. Plus, I’m terrible at relationships. I definitely am not looking for anything. My life is easy, safe, and content, and I prefer to keep it that way.

At three thirty, Allie and Sawyer return. As usual, Allie sits at the front desk and does her homework while taking calls and instructing waiting wannabes what to do. The kid’s a natural and our shop is her second home. Nothing phases her and I adore that about her. She does exceedingly well in school, plays soccer, sings in the chorus, and pretty much runs the front of the shop and she’s eight. The kid is bound for greatness and it makes my heart swell with pride. She pops over to give me a kiss before settling in up front. “How was school today, babe?” I ask.
“Good. Connor tried to kiss me on the playground.” She makes a sour face as I bristle.
“What did you do?”
“I punched him in the face!” she squeals and I roll my eyes. The kid is a little too much like me. “What?!” I squawk before calming myself slightly. Yelling at her has never worked. “Allie...” I start.
“I know, Mom, no hitting, but I said no and he didn't listen!” she whines.
“Did you get in trouble?” I ask, happy that she at least defended herself after using words.
“A little. Mrs. Gronk said I had to be on clean-up duty the whole week but Connor had to go to the principal's office for not listening when a girl says no,” she explains.
“Well,” I sigh. “Please use your words, then tell a teacher. If none of that works, you can punch,” I offer.
“Yes ma’am,” she pouts. Her shoulders slump a little with guilt.
“Go do your homework. I should be done in thirty,” I chuckle. Sawyer shoots me a look from his station and I shake my head in frustration. “What are we going to do with her?”
“She’s fine just the way she is,” he says and laughs before sitting his next client down.

We finish out the day at four thirty and since Mondays and Fridays we’re appointment only, we close up shop, swing by the pizza place to pick up our order, and head home. I love June in Blacksburg: mid-seventies every day and everything is a luscious green. Allie takes our pizza to the back deck as Sawyer and I grab beers and water for Allie and we sit on the deck together chatting about our days, eating our pizza and drinking our drinks like any normal family would. After dinner is finished Allie clears our plates and heads to the living room for her allotted TV time for the evening. Sawyer and I stretch on our Zero Gravity Lounge Chairs, joking about this and that and watching the sunset in comfortable silence.
“It’s been a while,” he says nonchalantly.
“What has?” I mumble, lost in my own thoughts.
“Uh, you know.” He quirks an eyebrow and stares at me lustfully.
“Ohhh. That,” I tease. “What about Kylie?” I joke.
“We’re off again. She was pissed that I ditched her for Allie all weekend. Something about she’s not my kid and I shouldn't be playing parent.” He shrugs.
“Well that was quick, only lasted a week this time,” I point out.
“Yeah, well...” he trails off.

Sawyer and I, although occasionally dating, have managed to maintain the physical portion of our relationship every once in a while. It’s not often, maybe four times a year, but hell, everyone needs to get some. We both know what the other likes, and it’s convenient. I reach out and trail a finger up his arm lightly. He loves that. “I suppose I could be accommodating,” I purr and instantly he rolls out of his chair and pounces on me. Laughing, I push on his chest. “Hey there cowboy, there’s a small child inside...Mr. Pokey has to wait till bedtime.”
He buries his face in my neck, nipping and sucking and heat shoots between my legs as I squeal.
“Mr. Pokey doesn't like to wait, Clara,” he chuckles. “But he understands.” He scooches off me, adjusts his evident arousal, and heads inside. What is wrong with me? I have everything I’ve ever wanted right here and I can’t commit. I huff out a breath before following Sawyer into the house to get Allie ready for bed. Two hours later after reading three books to Allie and finally getting her to fall asleep, Sawyer and I lay on the living room floor lazily touching and teasing each other. I love the way his fingers feel on my skin and he knows it. Drawing out my bottom lip before kissing me, breathlessly he whispers into my mouth, “We’re good together, Clara.” I stiffen at his words, knowing he wants more, but that’s as far as he’ll push it.
Instead of tender and romantic, I opt to be wild and rough. That mood is less likely to be misconstrued as anything other than hot sex. I wiggle out from under him, place a foot on his chest, and tease him with a slow strip. Every time he tries to make a move I push my foot down firmly keeping him on the floor until I’m ready. I watch his eyes change from tender to lustful and know he understands my mood change.
He grabs my ankle and yanks it so I slide down, straddling him. I frantically work to rid him of his clothes as his tongue trails various paths all over my body. Finally giving up on his boots, I shove his pants and boxers down around his ankles, grab his hands, and forcefully wrap his arms around me as I bend over the couch and open for him. His fingers dig into my hips as he slams into me, making me cry out his name as he fills me up. His thrusts are rough and fast and quickly bring me to the edge of never. My legs shake as he pounds into me, unable to sustain my weight anymore. Screaming out his name I come apart around him and three pumps later he grunts, “Clara,” and finishes with a deep thrust, collapsing us both onto the couch and panting as he nibbles my neck and back. The cleanup is awkward, not because we don’t know each other intimately but because there are invisible boundaries I’ve created that neither one of us is willing to cross. It could shatter the perfect world we’ve created.
“I’m going to bed, love,” he calls over his shoulder on his way to the bathroom. “Thanks.”
I pull up my pants and hold back the tears that threaten to spill. I know I hurt him and I don't want to, but I can’t seem to help it and one of these days everything is going to blow up in our faces unless I get my shit together. I blow out a breath that sends the hair around my face flying, shut off the TV and lights, and head to the bathroom to wash up before hitting the sack.

I plug my phone into the charger and scroll through my e-mails and texts to make sure I didn't miss any. Nothing of importance. I finally unzip my carry-on and empty the contents onto the bed to unpack. Dominic’s sweatshirt and pants fall out into the pile of clothes. Picking up the sweatshirt, I sniff it. That's right, I sniff it. There’s still a hint of him lingering in the fabric and it makes me wonder what he’s doing right now. Feeling ridiculous, I toss all the clothing into the hamper, check the pockets of the bag, find them empty, and put the carry-on back on its shelf in my closet. I swear the spot where Dominic's lips brushed me feel warm, like it just happened, and a tiny shiver runs down my spine remembering the way his hands felt on me. Shut it down, Clara, he is exactly everything you don't want and can't have, I remind myself. Crawling into bed, I fall into a fitful sleep.

June passes quickly as Sawyer, Allie, and I fall back into our normal routine. I teach chorus at Allie’s school and tonight’s the Summer Farewell Concert before school lets out next week. Allie couldn’t be happier that summer’s upon us. She has a full two months of soccer and singing camp. As for me, I can’t seem to get Dominic Napoli out of my head. The more he crosses my thoughts the more frequent my nightmares are. Sawyer even asked what was going on with me because I’d spent the better part of most nights curled up in his bed with him. I’d tried to shrug it off but he knows me better than I give him credit for.

The third graders line up in front of the fourth and fifth graders on the risers as parents settle into their seats. The principal lowers the lights to signal the start of the concert and a hush falls over the room. Stepping forward, Allie and Riley prepare for their solo intro to “Lisztomania.” I start the piano and Allie and Riley's voices ring out beautifully.
“So sentimental, not sentimental no. Romantic not disgusting yet. Darling, I'm down and lonely when with the fortunate only I've been looking for something else. Do let, do let, do let, jugulate, do let, do let, do.” A short pause and the rest of the kids join in as Allie and Riley move back onto the risers. The song comes to a close and the parents go nuts as I direct the kids into our rendition of “Viva la Vida” by Coldplay and so on until finally finishing the concert with “Forever Young.” The kids are beaming with accomplishment and my chest swells with pride for them. I’m bummed that I won't see their happy little faces until September. Parents compliment me on my musical choices and arrangements of the songs. I thank them and smile shyly. I never was good at accepting a compliment.

Sawyer sneaks up behind me, twines his arms around my waist, and lifts me off my feet, spinning me around. A squeal peels out of me. When he sets me down he tells me how amazing the concert was and hands me a bouquet of wildflowers before hunting Allie down and doing the same for her. I’m thankful that he attends all of her events with me because truthfully I always feel a little out of place. The majority of parents are in their mid-to-late thirties and are straight-laced. I had Allie at twenty-four, still look younger than my thirty-two years, and occasionally have a neon streak of hair complementing my look. Not to mention, oh that’s right, I’m a tattoo artist. Needless to say I do my best to keep my enormous tattoo covered up for school functions so as not to draw any extra attention to myself. This week I’m sporting a neon green streak of hair and I felt that was enough flare for this crowd.

“Ice cream time!” Allie shouts over the throng of the crowd exiting the auditorium.
“Sundaes or cones?” Sawyer chuckles at her.
“Sundaes. Duh,” she chides. “Johnny’s working tonight, right?” It’s Friday night and our good friend Johnny, who aspires to be a rockabilly punk, works at the ice cream parlor.
“He is,” I answer her. Allie has a major crush on him. Sawyer grabs my hand, lacing his fingers through mine and does the same with Allie as we make our way for ice cream. We’re seated quickly and as soon as Johnny sees us he scrambles over to our table to chat for a minute.
“How’s my favorite girl?” he asks and ruffles Allie’s hair.
“I’m good,” I interject and get an eye roll from Allie and a full on laugh from Sawyer.
“What are you guys having tonight?” Johnny asks, unfazed.
“Banana split,” Allie orders.
“Care to make things interesting?” Johnny asks with mischief in his eyes.
“Uh, I think your pants have already done that,” I say in a deadpan tone as Allie gasps in embarrassment. Johnny is known for his crazy get-ups and today is no disappointment. He’s wearing navy blue trousers with pink whales embroidered on them. Sawyer turns his head and tries to stifle his laugh but it’s a useless cause.
“Witty little sprite, aren't you,” Johnny chuckles before taking the rest of our orders and disappearing behind the ice cream counter.
“Seriously, Mom. What .Is. Wrong. With. You?” Allie quips.
“What? I was funny.” I shrug.
“Sawyer, make her stop,” she whines for help.
“Alliecat, you know there is absolutely nothing anyone can do to stifle your mother, me included,” he laughs. Allie pouts and refuses to make eye contact with me for the duration of our ice cream trip. Girls: so fickle.

I throw my feet up on the couch as soon as Allie’s asleep and toss my head back. “Long day, Mama. You did good,” Sawyer says, rubbing my legs.
“Allie sounded great didn't she? I mean the rest of the kids were stellar but she really has a gift.”
“You’re not biased or anything right?” he snickers.
“As if. If my kid sucked at singing I wouldn't encourage her to keep at it. No one wants bloody ear drums,” I giggle.
“True. If anyone were going to be honest about their child it would be you.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” I bark. He lets out a sigh and shakes his head.
“Not everything I say to you is an affront, Clara. I just meant you’re honest to a fault.” His irritation is barely contained. What’s going on?
“Okay,” I reply, not wanting to take this any further.
“Sorry. I’m just tired,” he apologizes, although for what I’m not really sure.
“No worries, muffin. I’m beat. I think I’m gonna head upstairs.” I stand and toss my hair over my shoulder.
“Night, Mama,” Sawyer mumbles.
“Night.”

Stumbling to find my footing I miss the next step and tumble. His hate-filled eyes stare into mine, watching me hit the stairs. My body bends unnaturally as I hit each stair. Pain shoots through me and I can’t seem to do anything but cover my head. A sharp crack and searing pain blow through my arm before I crumple at the bottom in a pile of skin, bones, and sobs. Oh my god. The baby.

I dart up, a strangled cry ripping from my throat as Sawyer bursts through the door. Flipping the light on, holding a bat in nothing but his boxers, he’s quite the sight. His abdominals flex with every ragged breath he takes and there’s a light sheen of sweat coating his body.
“What the hell, Clara?” he booms and suddenly I’m very turned on.
“Shhh. You’ll wake Allie,” I whisper-shout. He takes a deep breath and rests the bat against the wall. “I thought someone was killing you. You never scream like that.” He shudders at the thought. I feel bad for worrying him.
“Sorry. Bad dream,” I admit sheepishly as he turns off the light and prowls to the bed looking very appetizing.
“What’s up with all these dreams again? It hasn't been this bad since we first met,” he says, wrapping himself around me like a blanket.
“I don't know,” I sigh, but I do know. It’s because of Dom. Because of what he represents, his status, everything I’ve worked so hard to escape from.
“Is it the same dream?” he asks softly, toying with a strand of my hair.
“Mmmhhmmm,” I murmur and plant a kiss at the hollow of his throat. His sharp intake of breath is all the invitation I need. I nip and lick my way from his throat to his chest and abs, working each muscle, nipple, and ridge with my mouth. His muscles twitch under me and his breath is ragged. I love it. Moving further south I tongue his happy trail to the elastic band of his boxers.
“What are you doing, Clara?” His voice is rough and gravelly with need. “Shh,” I instruct as I hook his boxers with my thumbs and yank them off him. He fists my hair, dragging me up his body and I can’t help but kiss him. Crushing my mouth to his I frantically kiss him with every emotion I have. His hands slide up under his tee shirt I’m wearing and with a quick lift it’s over my head and tossed to the floor. My panties land next to the tee shirt. His rough hands send electric shocks through me as he palms my breasts and I can’t take it anymore. I need him in me. I position myself over him but before I can sink my weight down he flips us over and grunts, “No.”
Stunned, I stop moving and stare down at him. “No?” I ask hesitantly. His eyes get stormy as he admires my body beneath him. He dips his head to my neck and lets his lips and tongue work over every inch of my body until I’m trembling and on the brink. Kissing both my inner thighs I realize the treat I’m about to receive. We don’t partake in oral often but when we do, watch out world. Sawyer is an expert and for some reason tonight he wants to give. His tongue-lashing at my core sends me over the edge entirely too fast and I crash into my orgasm as I come undone at his mouth. I’m squirming and bucking with pleasure and the groans Sawyer emits as he lavishes my clit with attention make me spasm even harder. When the shaking in my legs subsides he moves up my body, watching me like a lion about to pounce. I love it when he looks at me like that. He hooks my legs over his shoulders and enters without hesitation, splitting and filling me entirely. My eyes snap closed as he thrusts into me, hitting that illustrious g-spot. “Look at me,” he growls. His voice is so domineering I instantly do as I’m told.

This is a far cry from the love-making he usually doles out. His pace picks up as he gazes at me. It’s intense and erotic. His eyes give him away as they cloud over just before he comes. His feral cry sends me over the edge again and we fall apart together, tangled and sweaty. “Holy shit,” I breathe.
“What was that?” he rasps.
I shrug. “I don't know but I’m glad it happened,” I sigh contentedly.
“God, Clara. You’re going to be the death of me,” he exhales and looks at me. His blue eyes are so intense.
“You could always say no,” I remind him lightly.
“As if, Mama. We both know I’ll never say no,” he whispers and kisses my temple. My heart cracks just a little at his statement. I want him to be happy. I really do but this is just so...easy.
“Love you, muffin,” I murmur.
“Ditto,” he gulps before disengaging from me and pulling me into our normal spoon. It takes forever but his breathing eventually goes shallow and steady. I need to tread lightly because I can’t imagine losing this. I can’t afford to lose this. I follow him into a deep slumber free of dreams and nightmares.
Marking Territory
My phone chirps in my hand alerting me that I have a new text message.
Amanda: How are things?
Great. You?
Amanda: SSDD
I hear ya
Amanda: Any word from Napoli
No. Why?
Amanda: Rumor has it he’s mentioned your name
Fuck off
Amanda: Totally serious
Shit
Amanda: Shit?
Yeah. Shit. Manda you know it can't happen
Amanda: ...you sure
You know it.
Amanda: I’ll see if I can't pass the message along
You talk?
Amanda: No. I have contact info from the art.
Oh. Right. K. Love ya, Gotta jet.

“Who was that?” Sawyer asks.
“Kylieee,” I snicker.
“Tell her I say ‘hi,’” he shakes his head and laughs.
“Amanda,” I admit.
“Well tell her I say ‘hi’ too,” he retorts.
“Sure thing, stud,” I chuckle.

At four we’ve both finished our appointments for the day and set about cleaning up the shop and our stations in preparation for the hustle and bustle of tomorrow’s appointments.
“What’re we doin’ for dinner tonight?” I call over my shoulder to Sawyer.
“I’m meeting Kylie,” he says nervously. I grumble with good-natured jealousy under my breath instead of answering him. Ever since the night we had amazing sex he’s been weird and to top it all off the next day he was “on again” with Kylie. Coincidence, I think not. He’s trying to compartmentalize our relationship which is no easy feat I’ll admit, but when he does this it makes me want to strangle him. I hate feeling like I’m being shut out and pushed away. It’s my own fault but I still hate the way it makes my stomach hurt.
“But it’s my last night home before camp!” Allie whines, and I snicker at the surprise guilt trip he’s getting.
“Sorry, Alliecat. I’m sure you and your mom will have a nice dinner though.” The pained look on his face snaps me out of my pity party. He hates disappointing Allie so sticking to his guns is kind of a big deal right now. I go back to cleaning up my station, feeling rotten about myself and the hoops Sawyer constantly jumps through for me.
“Sorry, mister, we’re appointment only today,” Allie blows out sternly. From the corner of my eye I see Sawyer watching her cautiously which sets me on edge.
“I’ll make an appointment then,” a deep voice booms and a chill rips through me. I snap my eyes to the direction of the voice but can’t see the front desk from here. Sawyer struts to Allie’s side before I have a chance to make my feet move.
“We’re closed. Come back tomorrow if you want to make an appointment,” Sawyer rumbles. His voice has a hard edge to it that doesn’t come out often.
“I’m looking for Clara Lord,” the smooth deep voice replies and my heart starts beating furiously in my chest. It’s Dominic. Forcing my feet to move, I step around the corner and join Allie and Sawyer.
“Can I help you?” I ask, totally pretending to be unaffected. Dominic’s gaze reduces me to puddle as his eyes sweep from my feet up to my face. My tongue darts out wetting my bottom lip and Dominic’s eyes drop to my mouth to follow the movement. He looks like he’s ready to attack me and by attack I mean maul me in very delicious and sinful ways. Sawyer bristles next to me. The tension is so palpable I can feel it on my skin.
“Clara. How nice to see you.” His greeting exudes charm and class.
“Allie, go help Sawyer clean up so we can get out of here,” I urge, shooting a look at them both. Neither one of them moves for a moment and I smack Allie’s rear to get her moving. She tugs on Sawyer’s hand to try and get him to fall in line but he waves her off and stands at my side.
“What can I do for you, Mr. Napoli?” My voice sounds tense even to me and almost instantaneously Sawyer slings his arm over my shoulder in a show of possession. I want to body check him for the testosterone show. Dominic eyes him shrewdly and it makes my heart beat even more wildly. How does he do this to me and what the hell does he want?
“Come now, Clara, Mr. Napoli? We’re more acquainted than that. Please call me Dominic.”
Sawyer’s arm squeezes a little tighter, folding me into him, and I wrinkle my nose in frustration at the contact. This is turning into a pissing match. I wonder who would win? Sawyer is probably more adept at street fighting but Dominic certainly doesn't look like he ever loses when he sets his mind to something and he looks hungry...for me.
“Whatever, Dom. Why are you here?” I shrug out of Sawyer’s hold, letting him know in no uncertain terms that I can handle myself.
“I’d like to make an appointment with you,” he says, grinning.
“Like Sawyer said, we’re closed. Come back tomorrow and make one then,” I state. Dominic’s eyes flash something I can’t quite make out before he puts his hands up in mock surrender. “Fine. I’ll be back tomorrow then,” he concedes, smirks at Sawyer, which makes my blood boil, and turns on the heel of his expensive loafer, exiting the shop. What is going on? Sawyer follows him and locks the door behind him before laying into me.
“What the hell was that Clara?” he barks.
“I don't know. I’m just as surprised as you but I didn't feel the need to pee all over myself to mark my territory,” I shout, infuriated by his behavior.
“Piss all over you? Is that what I did?” he volleys back.
“Watch yourself, Sawyer Crown,” I bust out the “mom” voice on him.
“Clara Lord, if you even try to mom me I'll kick your ass. Now spill it: what the fuck was that about?” he growls at me. I can’t decide if I want to punch him or molest him when his voice sounds like that. He’s so...masculine right now. I shake my head slightly, trying to clear my thoughts.
“I don't know...” I say more softly. He'd better believe me because I really have no clue why the hell Dominic Napoli showed up at our shop and it’s a little frightening.
“How does he know where you work?” The harshness in his tone from earlier is dissipating.
“Honestly, Sawyer, I’m as shocked as you are. I never even told him what I do for a living let alone where I live, for all he knew I lived in Boston. We didn’t exactly converse,” I crow, throwing my hands up.
“I don't like this at all. He gives me the creeps,” he complains and shudders.
“Yeah, I know. Try waking up in his house,” I say under my breath.
Sawyer rushes to me and pulls me to his chest. “I think maybe I should stay home with you and Allie tonight just in case.” I let my body mold to his and nod my head in agreement. What the hell was Dominic Napoli doing in Blacksburg, Virginia? This is not good.
“Mom,” Allie peeps. She gets really upset when Sawyer and I bicker. I remind myself that it’s okay for her to see us bicker as long as she sees us make up, too--that showing her what a normal relationship looks like is good for her. I didn’t have that kind of stability growing up. My mother was a whore who was happily uninvolved in my life until I had something to offer her.
“It’s fine, Allie, come here,” Sawyer says and offers out an arm and she sneaks in between us for a three-person hug.
“Who was that guy?” she asks curiously.
“No one,” I answer, with a strange twinge of guilt. Well, he’s no one to me, anyways, I try to convince myself, but there is something there. I just don't know what the hell it is. The rest of the evening is pretty tense. Sawyer doesn't really say much through dinner and even Allie is unusually quiet. I plop on the couch after getting Allie to bed and nuzzle into Sawyer but he stiffens and scooches away just slightly, putting me on high alert.
“What was that?” I ask cautiously.
“Huh? What?” he feigns naivety.
“If you don't want to snuggle just say so, you don’t have to grow a vag on me and act like a bitch,” I huff and scoot to the other end of the couch. Now who’s the vagina? He sighs loudly and pinches the bridge of his nose, clearly brooding about something.
“I’m a little thrown. You say you hate this guy. Don’t talk about him at all after getting back initially...then he shows up and you look at him like you’re about to jump him but talk him like you want to strangle him,” he rambles. Damn, he hit the nail on the head.
“That about sums it up,” I retort.
“Huh?”
“Your summary was accurate. I have no more information to tell than what you just said.” I cross my arms over my chest, slightly irked.
“You want to jump him?” he asks, astonished. What is the big deal? We’ve both dated over the years and although he doesn't particularly approve of anyone, he’s never let it affect our relationship when we’re alone together. I know he wants more but he knows I don’t have more to give. That because of my limited experience with relationships gone wrong and because of my home life growing up I’m just not willing to commit. He has so much to offer and I…well, I just have myself and Allie--and somehow that doesn’t seem like a fair trade.
“What if I did, Sawyer? Why is that so shocking?” I ask tersely. He narrows his eyes at me and glares.
“I guess it’s not. I just thought you knew better than that,” he throws in my face.
“Knew better than what?” I clip. “Do tell.” He’s right and I’m really being bitchy. He sighs and drags a hand down his face.
“Clara, you can screw whomever you like, okay? I know that. I get a bad vibe from him. He looks at you like he wants to own you, not like he wants to love you. He comes from money, and we both know what kind of lifestyle that is,” he says and shoots me a knowing look which temporarily irritates me even more. I don’t need reminding. I lived it. He did not.
“I know. That’s why I hate him and his pompous attitude. The attraction’s just... physical. I have no idea what the hell he’s doing here but tomorrow if he comes in I’ll find out, all right?” I gripe. Sawyer’s leg stretches out and rests across my lap and I know that’s as much of a concession as I’ll get from him tonight so I let everything go and attempt to enjoy what’s left of our evening.

Curling up in bed, I decide to text Amanda and find out what she knows. I burrow under my covers, grab my phone, and start typing.

Did you talk to Napoli today?
Amanda: Emailed him that you weren’t interested and to stop bringing your name up
What’d he say?
Amanda: That he really needed to know more about you...I tried to turn him off.
By saying what... I have genital warts?
Amanda: Ha! No, that might have worked better. I told him you’re a tattoo artist
Fuck
Amanda: What?
He showed up today at the shop.
Amanda: WHAT?!
Yup. tried to make an appt. told him to come back tomorrow 'cause we we’re closed.
Amanda: Think he’ll show up?
Undoubtedly.
Amanda: Shit, sorry.
Not your fault.
Amanda: Still how’d he know where?
My guess, if you Google Clara Lord my Inked magazine art shows up- has the shop’s location.
Amanda: Damn- that's right.
Gotta go... early morning.
Amanda: Keep me posted.
Will do. xoxo

Well that explains a lot, like how he keeps finding me. I whip open my laptop and pull up the article Amanda wrote so I can read his bio. It’s a little daunting knowing that he emailed with Amanda this morning, and by four in the afternoon had found me and made it to Virginia. I mean who does that? I open the attachment and start reading.

“Dominic Napoli, 35

Devilishly good looking and impeccably dressed, Napoli is owner of Hurricane in Boston and Deux in Miami and L.A. and host to some of Hollywood's hottest. He spends most of his time at Deux, arriving as early as 10 a.m. and staying until the place closes. Although he caters to the stars, Napoli is a friendly, normal, down-to-earth guy, who just happens to have three motorcycles and a house in the Hollywood Hills, as well as the penthouse suite at Morte Hotel in Boston. He owns the Morte chain of hotels and has been credited with taking a hotel chain that was losing $40 million a year and, within five years, turning it into a $100 million-a-year-plus hospitality business. And he did it while taking strokes off his golf game. But ladies, thus far Mr. Napoli hasn’t been lucky in love. He’s still on the market and looking for someone ’intriguing.’”

Well, that’s a load of crap. Seriously, that really gives me no insight into the man who seems to be all about appearances. I haven’t seen this motorcycle side of him; if anything, the thought of Dominic on a bike makes me snort with laughter. He’d look absurd riding a bike in his groomed expensive attire and haughty attitude. Whatever. I Google him some and basically find that all the results are the same. Little insight and fluff filler about how cool he is. I click images to see what pops up: lots of paparazzi shots with numerous women on his arm at different charity functions, galas, and some at his club. All the women look like models and look fake. Fake hair color, fake tan, fake body, fake nails, just fake. They look bored and are probably there simply to be eye candy or pampered. Gag. In the pictures at clubs the women are scantily clad, leaving little to the imagination. The charity functions and galas show Dominic dressed to the nines looking dapper as ever and his dates fit the same bill. Coiffed to perfection but vacant eyes. I momentarily feel bad for him. It looks like he has no real relationships with real people. I remember a time when I pretended I no longer preferred jeans, and never left the house without a perfectly applied application of make-up an inch thick covering any natural beauty I had to offer, when all I really wanted to do was tug on jeans, a hoodie, and a quick coat of mascara before heading out for the day. I’d been so sucked into Daniel’s world that I’d forgotten who I was entirely until it was almost too late. I shake the memories from my head, close the laptop, and kill the light. I have a feeling tomorrow’s going to be a whirlwind day.
Surprise Torture
Our morning starts out rough. Getting ready to drop Allie at sleepover soccer camp brought havoc on me. I was a goddamn ball of tears and blubbered like an idiot as she tried to peel away from my clinging hands. It’s the first time ever that we’ve been away from each other for longer than two days and I’m clearly not dealing well with it. To make matters worse she seems like she couldn't care less. It takes me forty minutes to stop sobbing in the car. When I finally made it to work I blew in, head down, and hit the bathroom to reapply my runny make-up.
“You alright, muffin?” Sawyer pats my back as I exit the bathroom. I sniffle, trying to fend off the next wave of tears as he pulls me into his chest. “Our little girl is growing up,” he says with a hint of sadness. His words cause me to break down all over again as I try to tell him through my sobs that she didn't even care that she wouldn't see me for a week. He chuckles softly and tells me to get it together. I’m an emotional wreck so I stand clinging to him a bit longer until some stupid tart, named Kylie, clears her throat next to us.
“Who died,” she says flatly while glaring at me. Sawyer stiffens.
“Back off Kylie,” Sawyer clips his warning.
“Oh, excuse me for stepping on toes but it’s not exactly every day I stop in to visit my boyfriend and find him wrapped around another woman,” she barks. Sawyer sighs and hesitantly drops his arms and I momentarily become a jealous shrew.
“You know, Kylie, from the moment we met I knew I was going to spend my life avoiding you,” I snap, stomping off, leaving them to their business.
“Clara?” a deep voice booms. My steps falter as I look up to Dominic. Today is just not my day.
“Dom, hi,” I say. His lips twitch at my nickname.
“You’ve been crying.” It’s not a question.
“You’ve been perceptive,” I throw back, earning me a smirk. Sarcasm falls out of my mouth like stupid statements fall out of his.
“Anything I can help with?” he asks, seeming genuinely concerned.
“Sure, you can tell me why you’re stalking me,” I grind out, unable to deal with him right now. His eyes flash dark before lighting again. It’s like I have some strange effect over him. I snort at my train of thought. Yeah, right.
“I told you. I’d like to make an appointment with you.”
“You do know what I do for a living, correct?” I retort curtly.
“I’m aware, yes. I’ve even seen some of your work.” And there it is--he checked out the spread in Inked. Glancing at the date book, it appears I’m available until eleven.
“Well, come on back, Dom, I’ve got time to do you now if you know what you want done,” I purr. He looks shocked and I can’t help but chuckle. “You do want a tattoo, right?” I chuckle.
“Yes,” he says a bit hoarsely and follows me back to my station.
“All right, lay it on me,” I clip.
He shrugs out of his suit coat and I watch as his eyes dart around looking for some place suitable to hang it. I reach for it and he hands it over willingly. I toss it haphazardly on the stool next to me. I’ll be damned if he thinks I’m going to cater to his high-class needs. He cocks his head and eyes me warily. I keep my poker face intact and wait for him. He starts unbuttoning his shirt and my chest starts heaving as I watch his slow deliberate movements. I glance around and notice Kylie watching him like a hawk as he starts to peel his shirt off. My gaze drifts back to the Dom show and it’s definitely a show to see.
I’ve tattooed plenty of amazing bodies but for some reason I can’t stop the drool starting to pool in my mouth at Dom’s physique. He clearly works out regularly. His chest and shoulders are broad and well-developed. He pulls his white under tank up over his head and I think my insides burst into flames at the same moment my lungs stop working.
He has a perfect six-pack that contracts as he shirks his tank and tosses it on top of his shirt where his jacket lies. I watch his muscles twitch, like a fool, before screwing my head on straight.
Under his right arm spanning the length of his glorious side is an intricate cobra. Color me shocked because the man before me is definitely not a man who has tattoos. The tail starts just out of view below his pants and the body snakes up his side, surrounded by roses in really fine detail. When he twists it appears almost as if the snake is actually slithering. The body bends left just under his armpit, wrapping around the edge of his shoulder blade leaving the head, poised to strike, on his shoulder. It’s stunning and it’s only an outline really.
“What do you think?” he asks as I remain silent.
“Nice tatt,” Kylie purrs, running a pointy fingernail down the length of it. Dom grimaces as if her touch revolts him and I can't help but giggle. Serves her right.
“If you don't mind, Kylie, please refrain from touching the clients,” I say loud enough for Sawyer to hear.
“Kylie, what the hell?” he clips, making his way over to us. Taking in Dom’s impressive tattoo he asks if he can inspect it further and Dom agrees. “This Miller’s work?” he asks, clearly curious.
“How’d you know?” Dom asked, surprised.
“Didn’t Clara tell you we apprenticed with him?” He raises an eyebrow in my direction.
“I didn’t have a chance yet,” I answer flatly.
“Anyways, yeah, we did,” he snorts, stands, and walks back to his client, taking a grumbling Kylie with him.
“Is that his girlfriend?” Dom asks, bringing me out of my trance.
“Oh, ah, sort of. Why, you want dibs?” I say casually. Dom snorts his disinterest.
“No, I assumed you were his girlfriend yesterday,” he answers honestly.
“Once upon a time,” I reply, though I don't really want to give him any insights into my life.
“Interesting,” he says, watching me closely as if he’s searching for something.
“You say that a lot,” I snap. “This looks great, why are you here?” I say, guiding our conversation away from me.
“I want it colored in. I saw your spread in Inked and I like what you’re capable of,” he explains.
“Dom, that much color is going to be expensive, as I’m sure you know, and will take hours and multiple sessions to complete. I’m fairly certain a man of your standing,” I throw his words back at him, “doesn't have time available to fly to Virginia once a week for a month or two to finish this.” I can’t get a read on his thoughts as he contemplates my words.
“Time and money are not a concern,” he finally answers. Right. Of course that would be his answer.
“Miller is amazing. I’m sure he’d be happy to do this for you. In fact, I know he would,” I push.
“As I said before, Clara, time and money are not an issue. I want you to do it.” His voice is firm as if this conversation is now over.
“It’ll run you a grand and I only take cash,” I explain.
“I’ll have my driver withdraw the money while you work.”
I want to protest but I really want the money.
“Fine, fine. What coloring did you have in mind?” I sigh.
“None. I want you do what you do best: create a work of art.” He smiles. His smile is dazzling. Bright and broad and perfect.
“Uh. That’s a little unprecedented for me. I like the client to tell me what they envision so I can create something they love,” I explain.
“Clara. I have faith you can handle this. I want you to do what you envision,” he encourages firmly. Who am I to argue with a grand? The bitchy part of me wants to fill it in pink just to piss him off but the artist in me has other ideas. After cleaning and shaving the area I have him lay on the table. I circle around him, studying the tattoo’s lines and how Miller laid it out, trying to see what he was going for. I knew Miller from Boston but Sawyer and I had learned from him in D.C. during a brief stint there. He’s notorious for being one of the most amazing artists out there.

I trail my fingers lightly over the tattoo. His flesh is hot and smooth and I kind of want to taste and nip it. The way the snake evolves and the flowers sort of burst from the body, I get a fantastic idea for golds, greens, blues, and a fire-orange color for the roses. I vaguely notice Dom following my every movement as I set up and prepare to start. Just to be a tease I bend over grabbing something I don't need from the bottom shelf and wiggle my butt just a little. The air he blows out is so slight that I almost miss it but I don't. I stand up slowly. “I’ve got a client at eleven. That gives us roughly an hour or so. I might be able to slot some time in later if you’re still around. How’s your pain tolerance?” I toss over my shoulder at him.
“I won't need a break if that’s what you’re wondering.” He smirks.
“Stamina. Impressive, Mr. Napoli,” I tease. “You’ll need to pull your pants down a bit so I can get at it all.” Sawyer snorts in disgust from his station but I ignore him. I watch as Dom rolls to his side, unbuckles his belt and pants and pulls one side down, another few inches revealing the tail. The “V” cut of his lower abs has my eyes bugging out of my head. I shuffle to the stereo to stop myself from gawking at Dom’s body and push Play, letting Avicii’s “Levels” filter through the speakers rather loudly. Sawyer glances at me and smiles tentatively. He loves this remix almost as much as I do and at the shop it definitely sets the mood for us both to get lost in our work. Chuckling, Dom rolls back to his position and I slap on my gloves and clean and shave the newly exposed area with care as his scent wafts over me. My god. I really need to find out what he wears. Delicious.
“What time’s your last appointment?” he asks as I get started.
“Ah...I should be done at four,” I say distractedly as I begin the color process. I like the way his skin twitches as the needle hits it. His breathing hitches just a little as my hand splays across his skin.
“Would you consider continuing our session after hours? You’ll be compensated of course,” he offers. With Allie gone and Sawyer undoubtedly hanging with Kylie tonight I don't have any reason to say no, outside of the fact that I’ll be alone here with him unattended. I don’t do well unattended with incredibly sexy, annoying men.
“I don't usually do that, you know, safety and all,” I explain, focusing on what I’m doing.
“Four to seven. I’ll give you fifteen hundred, all up front.”
Damn. That’s an extra five hundred. I can feel Sawyer’s eyes boring a hole into my head so I glance up. He looks torn. He knows the money's too good to pass up but I know he doesn't want me here alone with Dom for three hours either. I give a little shrug and he backs down, giving me the go-ahead.
“Done,” I tell Dom. Our hour passes quickly and surprisingly silently. At eleven I clean and bandage him up and watch as he redresses. He is one fine-looking man, a man that I would have bet money didn't have any tattoos. I was wrong. I rip off my gloves, throwing them in the trash, and walk him to the front. “Can you make it four-thirty so I can grab something to eat before we start?” I ask. Damn, I’m being pleasant. He smiles widely at me and I can't help but feel giddy, excited even. He steps to me. We’re toe to toe and I have to look up to see his face. Tiny electric currents shoot through my veins at what happened the last time we were this close. Butterflies burst out in my belly and I flush. He leans down and I swear he’s going to kiss me. I wet my lips without really thinking about it and pretty much stop breathing altogether when he jerks back up and shakes his head before stalking to the door. What... the... hell!?
“I’ll bring dinner, we can eat together,” he states as he pushes through the door. I stand there, lip curled, wondering what the hell just happened. He didn't even ask me what I wanted. I run my hand through my hair and turn around. Sawyer is standing just behind me giving me an evil look. Oh. I guess I know why he didn’t kiss me.
“What?” I ask innocently. He shakes his head at me.
“Do what you need to get him out of your system but do it quick,” he clips and pushes past me. What the hell is that supposed to mean?
“What are you alluding to exactly?” I yell.
“We both know you want to fuck him so get it over with already,” he yells back. My eleven o’clock appointment comes in mid-fight but I don’t back down. Why the hell is Sawyer so bent?
“Screw you, Sawyer,” I hiss.
“You’ve already done that, Clara,” he says and smirks. My rage bubbles to the surface and I lunge at him, fists wildly flailing. He catches my arms easily and drags me screaming obscenities to the back room.
“Fuck, Clara.” He rubs his chest as he lets go of me. “That hurt.”
“What’s your problem, Sawyer? Seriously. What is it about him that irks you so much?” I shout, still angry at him.
“I’m sorry. It’s not my place. If you’re attracted to him then do what you gotta do but you and I both know you don't belong in his world. What happens when your picture appears in the rags with you on his arm? Huh?” he pushes and I know he’s right. I can’t risk it. If anything were to happen between us it has to be on my level. Low key. I suck in a few ragged breaths and nod at him.
“I know, all right? I’m not interested in a relationship with him,” I huff.
“Then screw him and move on,” he says through gritted teeth. We avoid my sex life at all costs. It seems to kill Sawyer to admit that there is anyone outside of him. It’s a fine line we walk together.
I walk back out having calmed myself and grab my next client. I busy myself the rest of the day with my work and ignore Sawyer. Kylie appears at three to collect him and I barely acknowledge his half-assed goodbye. My last appointment finishes up at three-thirty, giving me a little time to clean up and refresh my make-up. I lock the door after she’s left and get to it.
In the bathroom I stare at myself in the mirror and get the urge to cut my hair. I want bangs. What the hell. I comb a section of hair forward and bring the scissors up to mid-nose. One chop of the scissors and I now have long, thick, straight brown bangs. I trim and clean them up a bit more until they rest just the way I want them to along my eyebrow line. A knock at the front door lets me know Dom’s back. I set the scissors down and hurry to the door to let him in.
“Hey,” I greet, a little breathy. His gaze flits down my body and I find myself feeling self-conscious under his scrutiny.
“You cut your hair?” he states shortly.
“Yeah,” I shrug, blowing it off. I don't care if he likes it or not.
“It suits you,” he says and nods.
“Gee, thanks,” I snicker. “What’s in the bags?”
Dom follows closely at my heels to the back room where I plop down at the table as “Rack City” thumps through the speakers of the shop. There is something about this song that makes me want to dance. It’s ridiculous, really. I’m definitely a thirty-plus white girl who should not be “feelin’” this song. Ha! I snort out loud at my train of thought. Dom’s eyes crinkle in confusion but he says nothing. He lays out two sandwiches from the store up the street as I bob my head to the music. He places a carton of fries in between us as he takes his seat.
“Turkey club or tuna salad?” he asks. Without answering I snag the tuna salad. Micky’s has the best tuna salad in town and I never pass it up. I unwrap the wax paper and grab some fries from the carton. Yum.
“Interesting choice of music,” he says blandly as I bob unconsciously along to the music.
“I didn’t know you liked Jay-Z,” I say, referring to “No Church in the Wild” which is now playing.
“He frequents some of my clubs. Nice guy.”
My tuna sandwich stops halfway to my mouth as I glance up at him in shock. “Seriously?”
“Yes.”
“Jesus, you really are grossly rich,” I say, shoving a large bite into my mouth. I push out of my chair. “Soda?” I mumble around my food.
“Pepsi?” he asks.
“Sure,” I answer and walk to the vending machine. I pull open the face of it and twist the key we leave in it. Pulling out two sodas, I kick the face shut again. Dom’s face is priceless, a mix of shock and awe, like I just robbed the place. “Perks of being the owner,” I laugh, handing him a can.
“You own this?” he asks, carefully wiping the mouth of the can with his napkin. Anal, I sing to myself silently.
“Sawyer and I co-own,” I fill him in.
“Wow. I didn't realize.” His lips twitch before placing the can to his lips and taking a sip. His Adam's apple bobs as he swallows and it makes me want to do strange things to him.
“Why are you surprised? I’m no slouch. I had dreams just like everyone else,” I blurt, irritated. This guy can make my mood swing so fast it makes my head spin.
“Is there anything else you do I should know about?” he asks and grins mischievously.
“I teach chorus at the elementary school,” I shrug. God, I need to stop shrugging. It’s so unladylike. Not that I care. I’m no lady.
“Ahh, that's where the rock star vibe comes from. Is it charity?”
I choke on my sandwich at his reference to The Harp night. His laugh bellows out of him. It’s deep and hearty and musical. I love it. Uh-oh, not good.
“Oh, I do charity work, I volunteer my opinion almost every day!” I snigger. “But no, they pay me to teach the children to sing.”
“Where’s the little girl who was here yesterday?” he asks and my skin prickles a little.
“Allie’s at camp for a week,” I reply, trying to smooth my hackles back in place.
“Allie is the spitting image of you,” he smiles. He noticed. Damn. She is, though. Her olive skin, chocolaty brown hair, and striking blue eyes mirror my own. It’s hard to find her father in her at all. Thank God for the little things in life.
“In more ways than one, not all of them good,” I laugh.
“I’m sure she’s a delightful little girl.”
“Sure, if you like gunpowder and lead,” I quip and lead our conversation away from Allie because I don’t want him to be a part of her life and he doesn't need to know any more than he does about her.
We chitchat through our sandwiches and I find myself liking him. He’s funny. He explains that although he grew up wealthy, he didn’t take any of his family's money; rather, he chose to strike out on his own and amass his own fortune. He sees his parents once a year at Christmas and is an only child. He does own a Harley, but the article was wrong, he only owns one and it’s a Fatboy. Mmmm, hot. Still can’t picture him on it though. He spends most of his time in Boston, not California or Miami, but does travel there frequently each month to check on his investments. His tattoo is a reminder to be a ruthless businessman even if it means striking people less fortunate than him, but the roses are meant to represent that even cobras can be gentle and beautiful. I get it and tell him as much. Our banter is easy and he really is pretty witty and laidback. Maybe he’s not as bad as I thought.

At four-thirty he strips for me again and I’m left just as breathless as the first time. Handing me a wad of cash, he adjusts himself on the table and settles in. I completely zone out in my work, opting for headphones so he can listen to the radio station of his choice. A bit later there's a tap at my leg. I yank out an earbud. “Yeah?”
“It’s a little chilly in here,” he says hesitantly.
“Oh shit. I forgot the AC. It’s on a timer. Hold on.” I leap off my stool and jog to the thermostat, cranking it up to eighty to try and offset the blast of the AC. When I’m back at the stool he thanks me and asks what I’m listening to.
“Lights,” I tell him, pushing an earbud back in. Surprising me, he reaches up and snags the other earbud and puts it in his ear. I grin at him and push play as he winks back at me. My playlist comes to a close around six, leaving just the dull buzz of the needle and the faint sound of the alternative station filtering through the shop. I’ve always found the noise of the gun to be soothing.
“Need a break?” I ask, sitting up and stretching a bit.
“Sure,” he responds, sounding sleepy. I wonder what he looks like sleeping. He’s strong, powerful, and reeks of male testosterone, but I bet when he sleeps he looks innocent and gentle. I wipe him clean and let him sit up to stretch. I should have remembered to turn the heat down because I’m starting to sweat. I whip my shirt off and toss it on the table beside me. Spinning back around I catch Dom’s heated gaze over my shoulder. He reaches out and fingers one of the butterflies that trail up my shoulder blade. “That's stunning,” he murmurs.
“Thanks,” I say quietly, trying not to break the moment. His touch feels incredible. His finger dips lower to the next butterfly that sits just below my camisole. He pulls the material down slightly and sucks in a breath.
“What?” I ask defensively.
“I want to see it.” His voice is low and rough and it does funny things to my belly. Funny things I like.
“What?” I’m confused now.
“Your tattoo, it’s much more than just this, isn't it?” he asks, trailing his hand over the visible parts.
“It is. But it’s not something I can show you without stripping,” I smile coyly, knowing I’m teasing him. “I’m not sure how you missed it when you stripped me.”
“It was dark. I didn't see your back, only the front,” he admits smugly. I’m sure my face just turned five different shades of red. My irritation at him flares at his admission.
“So you weren’t a perfect gentleman. Is there anything else I should know about that night? Because frankly I don't recall any of it,” I spit out. His breathing comes in short puffs that make his naked torso move in the most alluring ways. Snap out of it, Clara. He’s a total jerk!
“We didn’t have sex if that's what you mean. I didn’t do anything but admire your body as I changed you into something more...comfortable.”
My brain is screaming at me to bitch slap him, storm out, and never look back, but my gut is clenched with anticipation and there's a fire growing deep in my belly. “What would you have done if I were awake?” I find myself asking rather breathlessly as I squeeze my thighs together discreetly. His face darkens as he speaks. Part of me likes a man with a firm hand--just not a heavy hand. There’s something hot about being commanded and forced to submit to desire, as long as they are good at what they do. I suck at relationships. Most men are intimidated by my bluntness and straight talk or just turned off by it altogether, but Dominic Napoli seems to crave my sailor speak and rotten attitude.
“Clara, what wouldn't I have done?” he all but growls. I raise an eyebrow at him. “I’d like to feel that silky skin under my hands. I’d like to taste you,” he rumbles and I gasp at his forwardness. “I’d explore every inch of your body until you beg me to stop.” My breathing is more of a pant now as his words sink in. His pants are undone and I witnessed the twitch of his dick as he speaks about me. I’m flushed and feel reckless at his speech as he continues. “I’d like to bring you to the edge with my fingers.” His hand darts out, capturing mine, tugs me between his legs, and I struggle to keep breathing. “Then with my tongue and....” His hands languidly move up my spine to the nape of my neck and curl around it possessively. We’re face to face with him sitting on the table and me standing at his center. “Then...with my cock,” he breathes into my ear and I think my entire body just caught fire. “I want to feel your nails when they dig into my back. I want to hear you scream my name. I want to make you come, Clara.” His lips brush against my neck and a moan slips from my throat.
His tongue slides to my shoulder then follows the ridge of my collarbone to the other side, teasing me, and slides up behind my ear. He sucks and nibbles on my earlobe and I can feel myself losing all self-control. His hands splay my waist, gripping me firmly and keeping me in place. My hands betray me and tangle into his glossy thick black hair forcing his mouth lower on my skin. I cock my head to the side giving him better access to my neck as he lavishes the sensitive skin with affection. My breath comes in ragged gasps as I let him work over my neck, throat, and décolletage. As strangely and quickly as it started, it stops. I tug his head back to me, ready to kiss him, but he’s strong and stops inches from my mouth. “Don’t stop,” I hiss.
“I want you, Clara.” Well, no shit. Now I’m confused.
“And I’m giving myself to you,” I answer, stumped.
“I want more than just your body and I’m willing to wait until you’ll give it,” he says slowly and deliberately.
“What?” I step back, shocked by what I think he’s saying.
“I’m not a cheap lay, Clara. I don't want one night, I want all of them.” He reaches for me but I evade his hands.
“Sorry, I’m only up for a one night kinda deal,” I say, hands up defensively and retreating further away. “We’re done here.” I can’t believe I was just rejected. I’m completely shocked and if I’m honest, my ego is bruised. “Call next week to make your next appointment,” I say harshly.
“Why won't you date me?” he inquires curiously. My eyes dart to the ground as I silently form my response.
“It doesn't really matter...I just won't, and you need to accept that before I get really skeeved out and scream bloody murder,” I state firmly. He stands and dresses slowly, never taking his eyes off me. I walk to the front of the shop, unlock the door, and hold it open for him. “See ya,” I clip.
“I’m not known for giving up...”
“And I’m not known for backing down, now get out,” I interrupt.
“Just to be clear, you were willing to fuck me without hesitation but you’re not willing to go on a date with me?” He asks, his tone dangerously close to judgmental. One statement and he’s reduced me to some cheap whore and I hate him for it. I’m a little wild but not like that. Not usually. He makes me want to surrender my body to him. We’ve never even kissed. I don't know him.
“What can I say, I’m attracted to you. I was willing to go with the attraction and ignore your personality for the night,” I drop sarcastically, then shove him out the door and make a show of locking it behind him. As soon as he disappears out of sight I collapse on the floor as a few tears leak from my eyes. How dare he make me feel like a slut. I’ve been with five people and I’m thirty-two for Christ's sake, that’s hardly skank territory. In fact, I’m sure it’s safe to assume that Mr. Pompous Ass has been with at least double that. Sniffling, I wipe my cheeks clean of the tears that have spilled down them, reset the thermostat, kill the lights, and head out. This day has been nothing but crap and I’m done.
She-Bitch
The house is annoyingly quiet. Sawyer left a note saying he was staying at Kylie's tonight and with Allie gone that leaves just me to hold down the fort. I grab a beer from the fridge and plop down on the beanbag chair usually reserved for Allie. It smells like her and my heart aches a little knowing I won't see her for six more days. I take a sip of my beer and start thinking about my pathetic love life. I’d shied away from men mostly because my mom was an absentee mom growing up, always doting on a new boyfriend after my dad was found guilty of embezzling and sent off to prison. I didn’t trust men and I didn’t want to be like my mother. I’d given my V-card to some douche in high school who didn’t even know my last name. It was quick, relatively painless, and completely uneventful. After that I’d waited until college before trying again. Tucker and I had dated for a year and although the sex was fairly vanilla, it was satisfying because we cared deeply for each other. I’d left Tucker, like a jerk, for Daniel. He’d come into the coffee shop where I worked and swept me off my feet. Hook, line, and sinker, I was a goner from the first moment he spoke. He was a Harvard Law student and came with an impressive trust fund. Never had I been so pampered and spoiled, so taken care of. It was like a fairy tale. Between the sheets he subjected me to a whole new world of possibilities and I loved every second of it. Although he was overbearing, controlling, and possessive, I continued deeper into our relationship. Amanda and Marg hated him. I can understand why now, but I was too blind to get it then. The day I graduated college he proposed. His grandmother’s engagement ring was a stunning family heirloom and valued at well over twenty thousand dollars. We moved in together shortly after that to his townhouse while he finished law school. From there we would move back to his California home where he would be groomed to follow his father’s footsteps in politics.

Appearances were everything. I needed to look and act the part any time we were outside our home. There were no days off in Daniel’s world. I’d always wanted to be a tattoo artist. My degree in graphic design was just that: a degree, a fall-back, but Daniel would have no part of my dream. I was to fall in line and be a kept woman. I was not to complain that he was out with other women doing what he wanted. I would always smile and appear picture perfect. I grew to resent and later hate him until one day I disappeared into the wind and never looked back. I abandoned him, my mother, and everyone else in my life. I moved constantly and never really let anyone in. After delivering Allie I became even more vigilant about our safety, knowing that if Daniel ever found out he had an illegitimate child with a poor tattoo artist it would be detrimental to his appearance and his family’s social standing. I couldn't imagine how he’d react or what he might do so I never gave him the chance. No one entered my little bubble until Sawyer.

I don't know why but when he blew into my and Allie’s lives it felt right and safe and meant to be. The feeling seemed to be mutual but like always I grew restless and pushed him away. Well, emotionally at least. He gets it though, and stays anyways. Connor was a month-long, intense fling that fizzled out almost as intensely as it started. Sawyer hated Connor. Lastly, there was Brian, a really nice guy. I guess that was the problem. We dated for a few months and he was just too nice. There was no edge to him. We never progressed past first base. I’m not exactly warm and fuzzy, but he was and it just didn't make sense. We still wave and chitchat if we run into each other but he’s happily dating one of the kindergarten teachers now, which totally makes sense. And there you have it, my sordid past and depressing sex life laid out in a neat lame package.

Outside of Sawyer and Daniel, no man has ever claimed me, consumed me, or had the balls to make me submit. I can't explain it but when a man takes control and just...well...takes you, it’s a complete turn-on. When they know what they’re doing of course. I don't mean they just take you without giving back, I mean a man who claims you with the intent of pleasing you and then taking from you what he needs. It’s hard to find a guy that confident in life. I think I see that in Dom, which is probably why I let all my defenses crumble and threw myself at him. For crap’s sake, our lips have never touched. He’s never kissed me. Strange now that I think about it...I mean, he kissed other places, but why hadn’t he kissed my mouth? Not that it matters. Dominic Napoli can kiss my ass now. I am not some cheap tattoo tramp. It disgusts me that I feel a pull to him, that I want him. I finish my beer and curl up on the couch, flipping aimlessly through the channels trying to find something to entertain me.

Make me laugh-quick
Amanda: Ahhh....spite baby, roast beef, clam strips
Hahhaa.... spite baby.... yes. mission accomplished.
Amanda: You’re welcome, everything ok?
No.
Amanda: What's up
I want Dom but I hate him. WTF is wrong with me?
Amanda: Nothing.
Liar
Amanda: Ok lots...but wanting him isn't one of them. Love ya babe.
Yeah, ditto.

* * * * *
He bellows at me and I cower. “I hocked it, Daniel. IT’S GONE,” I shout back. His fingers dig into my shoulders, no doubt leaving bruises, before he starts violently shaking me. “You HOCKED IT? YOU HOCKED THE FAMILY RING?” he screams, shaking me more. I snap my eyes closed and pretend I’m anywhere else. His hands release my shoulders abruptly and as my eyes snap open I feel myself lose my balance. Stumbling to find my footing, I miss the next step and tumble. His hate-filled eyes watch every hit that my body takes to the cold hard stairs before I crumple at the bottom in a pile of skin and bones.

I fall off the couch as I wake up trembling. Tears stream down my face and I can't catch my breath. I force myself to take deep breaths and calm down. It was only a dream. I grab the remote and click the TV off. The blue notification light blinks on my phone; swiping the screen, a new text message appears:

I’d like to apologize. -Dominic
How’d you get this number?

I hit Send and sluggishly walk upstairs to my room. I plug the phone in, set it on my nightstand, and snuggle into my bed. Closing my eyes, I’m surprised when my phone vibrates next to me. It’s two in the morning.

Dom: I’m a man of many resources.
Apparently.
Dom: Tonight didn’t go as I’d planned. (Huh. Interesting.)
Whoa that was close
Dom: What.
I almost gave a fuck.
Dom: Tell me you accept
Accept what?
Dom: One date.
No.
Dom: One date to prove I'm not the monster you think I am.
Why me?
Dom: It’s late. Sleep on it.

I am definitely too tired to keep arguing with him, the man never gives up. I set my phone to silent, put it back on my nightstand, and roll over. The rest of my night is spent tossing and turning restlessly. Around five I give up and relocate to the couch with a cup of coffee. I nap on and off until almost ten before calling Sawyer and letting him know that I won't be in. He sounds worried and asks if everything's okay. I lie and tell him I just don't feel well and if Dom calls to book him sometime later this month. He grumbles about it but agrees. He asks again if he’s needed at home and I assure him that everything is fine and to keep all his appointments for the day before hanging up and drifting back to sleep.

I feel weightless, like I’m floating. Strange. I’m warm and something smells so good. I sigh. “I knocked first,” a voice says.
“Okay,” I mumble and nuzzle deeper into the delicious smell. “Smells good,” I yawn and hear a deep chuckle. I feel the bed under me and blankets come up around me. My bangs are pushed back and lips hit my forehead. “Love you, muffin,” I murmur and curl into myself. I swear there’s an irritated grunt before silence envelopes me.

The sound of shattering glass violently rips me from my nap and I sit up immediately.
“YOU’RE A SICK FUCK. GET OUT,” Sawyer bellows. I hop out of bed and run down the stairs calling for Sawyer. I skid to a halt in the kitchen. Dominic is standing toe to toe with Sawyer. His bottom lip is bleeding and fat. What is he doing here? I push between the two men and drive them apart by their chests with my palms.
“What the hell is going on?” I snap as they continue their macho stare-off.
“You tell me,” Sawyer hisses. “I just walked into our home to find him here.”
“What?” I say stunned. I blink twice slowly. It doesn't help clear anything up.
“I stopped by to make sure you were all right after calling the shop to make my next appointment,” Dom explains.
“How do you know where I live?” I ask in horror. “Never mind,” I bite out as he starts to answer, “I don't want to know.”
“How did you get in?” Sawyer growls.
“The door was unlocked. I knocked first.” He looks tired yet determined. I gasp as things fall into place. “I knocked first.” “Okay,” I mumble and nuzzle deeper into the delicious smell. “Smells good,” I yawn and hear a chuckle. I feel the bed under me and blankets come up around me. My bangs are pushed back and lips hit my forehead.
“You carried me to bed?” I ask, shocked. He nods unapologetically.
“Why? Why the hell would you come in if I didn't answer? Why would you carry me to bed...what the hell is wrong with you?” I breathe, feeling really freaked out. “This is my home. You have no right.” Grasping the entirety of what he’s done, my body starts shaking forcefully. Sawyer’s arms wrap around me protectively and I melt into his embrace. Dom’s eyes cloud and get dark as he watches us. Who is this guy? Sawyer kisses the top of my head but it doesn't do much to calm me. Creepy McCreeperton is standing in front of me and strangely I still want to hear him out.
“Clara, would you walk me out?” Dom bites out. Sawyer’s arms squeeze tighter. I feel torn. This guy is quite possibly insane but the attraction I feel is overwhelming. It consumes me, makes me feel irrational things. I inhale deeply trying to make sense of it.
“I guess,” I reply, and pry Sawyer’s arms off me to follow Dom outside. Stopping at his car, he turns to face me, his expression pleading.
“I didn't mean to scare you.” He reaches for my hand but I step back.
“I don't know why you think you can just bully your way into my life but it has to stop. I’ll call Miller, he can finish the color for you. I can’t do this, do you understand, Dom? I want you to leave me alone,” I say firmly. Well, as firmly as I can muster at the moment--which truthfully doesn’t sound very firm even to my own ears. His face is so gentle and soft and sweet-looking right now.
“Clara, I’m not usually like this. You make me cross lines...boundaries cease to exist around you.”
“You don't know me, Dom. This is insane! You can't just look at someone, get turned down, then take that as an invitation to invade their life,” I cry out. He hangs his head. It’s as if he’s warring with himself. I know Sawyer’s just a scream away and it helps keep my fear neatly packaged for the moment.
“I haven't been turned down before,” he mumbles. “I thought playing hard to get was part of your game.” Dominic baffles me. Sawyer adores me. Amanda and Marg try to keep me in line and I live for Allie. My whole life’s a clusterfuck.
“My game? Playing games isn’t my style,” I bark.
“I can see that and I’m sorry if I’ve overstepped any lines,” he huffs.
“Any lines?!” I laugh “You’ve overstepped so many lines there aren't any left,” I say with snark and step back another step. This dude is way past crazy.
“Clara, you’ve moved in and made my thinking crowded. I can’t get you out of my head. Please,” he asks dejectedly and taps a finger against his head.
“Please what?” I snap, gaping at him.
“Just give me one evening. A chance to have a proper date. If you hate me after that I’ll bow out,” he pleads. I can’t help but laugh maniacally as my eyes pop out of my head. This guy really is nuts.
“One date and you’re gone?” I ask unbelievingly. I must have misheard him.
“Yes. I’ll even put it in writing if you’d like,” he offers, adding to the ludicrousness of the moment.
“I would like it in writing and signed,” I find myself agreeing. “One date, asshole, then you’re gone--forever. Are we clear?” Right, now I’m the insane one.
“Crystal.” He grins. What have I just agreed to? I am one seriously messed up individual.
“Friday night, pick me up at six, we stay in Virginia,” I clip. He starts to protest but quickly shuts up when I glare at him.
“I’ll clear my schedule,” he submits as I storm back into the house without a backwards glance. Sawyer yanks me roughly into his arms as I cross the threshold. “Are you all right?” he asks, concerned.
“I’m fine. I agreed to one date.” My voice is wobbly as I tell Sawyer, all the adrenaline suddenly rushing out of me.
“YOU WHAT?” he booms, throwing me back to look at me.
“He said one date then he’d disappear. He said he’d put it in writing and I have a feeling with him I might need a contract to hold him to his word,” I explain.
“Jesus, Clara. I can't believe you right now,” he spits.
“I saw an out and I’m taking it, what's so wrong with that?”
He shakes his head at me in disgust.
“I won't protect you from him. You’ve made your bed,” he says. The hurt in his eyes is unbearable as he stalks upstairs and slams his bedroom door shut. Why is this happening to me? I dig my sports bra from the hamper and toss on my running gear. Maybe a long run will clear my head. I really need something to clear my head. Obviously it’s not functioning correctly today.
Crumble
I’m stunned at Sawyer’s resolve. He hasn't spoken to me since Dom showed up at our house three days ago and it’s torture. I miss him. He even brought Kylie over. He never brings her to our house. I’ve never actually witnessed him this angry with me before. Four years together and Dom is the one who sends him over the edge. He certainly seems to have that effect on me, or maybe it’s like that with everyone. I’ve managed to bury myself in appointments to get through the days and--with the help of some Tylenol PM--sleep through the nights.
It’s Friday and I’m a nervous wreck. I haven’t heard a peep from Dom since agreeing to this date. Not a text, not a phone call, and no surprise visits to work or my home. It relieves me and irritates me. He causes all kinds of shit then I agree to one date and he drops off the planet. I don't think I’ll ever understand this guy. I pull in the driveway at five and as I trudge up the front steps I notice a gorgeous arrangement of lilies next to a large box. I sigh and shuffle the gifts through the door with me. The card with the flowers simply reads “Dominic.” I set the bouquet on the counter and open the box. There’s a stunning scarlet red silk backless gown inside. Checking the tag I find that it’s my size. I bristle at the audacity of his gift. I am perfectly capable of picking out my own attire and there is nowhere in town that warrants a dress like this.
I shower, dress, and just to spite him I tug my cowboys boots on under the gown. I leave my hair hanging straight down my back. I give myself a light smoky eye look and paint my lips to match the dress before heading down the stairs.
“Please, Clara. Be careful tonight,” Sawyer says, resting against the door jam of the entry way. There is no love lost in his voice, only pleading, as his gaze drags down my body. I’m happy he’s talking to me at all.
“I promise,” I say softly. The knock at the door interrupts our moment and Sawyer disappears into the house without another word. I open the door to Dominic looking as handsome as ever. He grins as his gaze rakes over me.
“Clara. You look stunning,” he greets. I flush.
“Uh, thanks,” I mumble at him.
“I believe you require this,” he says, handing me an envelope. I open it and find a typed contract instructing one Mr. Napoli to have no contact with me after our date should I request it. It’s signed and notarized. I chuckle at the absurdity of it all before placing it on the side table near the door.
“Are you ready?” he asks, and I nod. He takes my elbow and leads me to the car. So formal. Something's wrong when you regret things that haven't even happened yet, and I do. I already know everything's going to change. I can feel it in my bones.
“Where are we going?” I ask as the driver takes us through town.
“Hampton,” he says.
“That’s five hours from here,” I say in disbelief.
“Not if you fly,” he smirks. Moments later we pull onto a private airfield where a Napoli-branded plane waits for us.
“This is a little much, don't you think, Dom?” My tone is snide and I’m definitely not impressed at the ludicrous show of wealth.
“Perhaps,” he retorts as he escorts me from the car to the plane.
“Dom, I’m not sure I’m comfortable with this. I’d rather stay close to home.”
“I’ll take you home whenever you request. I promise,” he offers, but it doesn't really make me feel any better. His fingers graze the exposed skin of my back and I shiver at the burning sensation left in their wake. His eyes are trained on the exposed skin and they scream desire. I can’t help but feel a twinge of satisfaction. The plane is spotless and comfortable. Dom sits across from me as we make the forty-minute flight.
“How was your week?” he asks.
“Busy. Yours?” I respond curtly.
“There was an incident in the Miami club that I tended to but other than that it was relatively quiet,” he shares.
“What happened at the club?” I ask.
“It came to my attention that the manager was embezzling. I took care of him and found a replacement.”
“Wow. That sucks,” I mutter.
“It’s the nature of the business. Night clubs don't attract the most upstanding citizens,” he answers.
“I suppose not,” I sigh and look out the window, feeling on edge about this date. The sky is clear and beautiful. All the houses look like tiny toys as we fly above them.
“Are you going to be so distant all night?” he asks. I look back to him and feel bad. He seems to really want this opportunity to prove himself and I’m not being very open to this whole thing.
“I’m sorry. I’m just...unsure of you,” I explain.
“You don't know me.”
“That line sounds familiar,” I retort.
“Touché.” He grins and I can't stop myself from returning the smile.
We touch down near eight o'clock and my stomach growls loudly, making Dom laugh and promise to feed me soon. Another black private car picks us up and drives us twenty minutes to a marina where we are dropped off. Dominic is a perfect gentleman the entire trip so I try to loosen up for both our benefits. His charcoal suit clings perfectly to his frame, and his dark hair--styled, but not to perfection--makes me want to run my fingers through it, and I find myself lost in the movement of his lips as he speaks. They’re full and expressive and I want to taste them.
“Clara?” he calls softly.
“What?” I say, snapping out of my thoughts.
“This is us.” He gestures to a large yacht to our right. Well, hot damn.
“Get out.” I breathe in awe. He chuckles deeply before escorting me onto the boat. I hoist up my dress on the steps and a deep roar of laughter echoes across the water.
“What?” I ask.
“Nice shoes,” he chuckles.
“Oh. Right,” I laugh and drop the gown.
“Do you wear cowboy boots with everything?” The corners of his eyes wrinkle with his grin.
“I wore them out of spite tonight,” I admit as we enter the dining room. “To stick it to ya for assuming it was acceptable for you to dress me.”
“Ah, so that was wrong of me?” he asks.
“I think more like presumptuous.”
“I’ll remember to ask your permission going forward,” he laughs.

Dinner is waiting for us and the smell of it makes my mouth water. We sit down to enjoy the meal as the boat pushes from the dock and starts motoring. The dining room is done in rich dark colors that scream masculinity and luxury. It’s impressive, but a little much if you ask me. The steak, potato, and asparagus meal is delectable, however--cooked to perfection and I’m really enjoying it.
“So tell me about Sawyer,” he prompts as the server refills our wine glasses.
“There’s not much to tell,” I shrug, stuffing my face with the mouth-watering goodness.
“You live together, yes? That’s something,” he teases.
“Sawyer, Allie, and I are a family. Yes, we live together, we work together, and occasionally we sleep together, but we’re not dating.”
His eyebrows furrow together.
“That’s a strange arrangement,” he finally says. His tone is clearly disapproving.
“I guess, but it works for us.”
“I’m sure Allie loves having her dad around,” he murmurs.
“He’s not her father,” I say around a fork full of mashed potatoes, and instantly wish I could retract my statement.
“I see,” he says shortly. “Where is her father?”
“Dom, let’s talk about something else, all right?” I suggest lightly.
“How many men are in your life? That’s all I wanted to know.” His question takes me aback and I feel my hackles rising.
“Excuse me, but there aren't men in my life. Sawyer is my best friend and outside of him there’s no one. Were you asking how many men I’ve been with? Do you need me to get tested for you? Because I’m sure a man with your sexual prowess has numbers that triple mine. You’re probably a walking case of gonaherphasyphilaids,” I blurt. He sits stone-still before bursting out in laughter.
“Clara, are you always on defense?” he laughs. “And what is gonaherphasyphilaids?”
“Apparently you ask stupid questions. It’s a combination of all the gross STDs: gonorrhoea, herpes, syphilis, AIDS,” I explain. Wow, things that should never come out of your mouth in the company of the rich and famous just happened, I note to myself. His laugh is infectious. He throws his head back like a little kid and roars. I love it. He’s dazzling when he laughs.
“Maybe so,” he says and gathers himself. “It seems as though Sawyer considers you his. I was simply wondering if Allie’s father was another guy I’d be stealing you away from,” he explains.
“Oh.” I’m shocked at his assessment of Sawyer seeing as they’ve only growled at each other in a pissing contest. The server appears, clears our plates, and brings out dessert as the lights dim in the stunning dining room.
“What’s going on?” I ask.
“A show,” he states, simply grinning.
Seven scantily clad women prowl into the dining room as “Seven Devils” fills the room. Six are in black and one is in red. They undulate with the music, moving sensually. They are quite good and I find myself mesmerized with their fluid movements accompanying the haunting music. It’s almost burlesque-like as they shift and slither in the dim lighting. Dom rests his hand on my thigh but I’m too engrossed in the show to protest. I’m not even interested in the dessert waiting on the table. His thumb sweeps back and forth slowly, moving the silk softly on my skin. As the dance continues, his fingers drift dangerously up my thigh and inward and I gasp as his thumb brushes the spot where my hip meets my thigh. My eyes scan his face before locking on his dark eyes. He leans forward. “Are you enjoying it?” he breathes in my ear. His breath is hot and it tickles my neck. I feel like I’m on fire. How does he do that? I turn my head slowly, bringing us nose to nose. His stare is intense and unwavering as I answer, “Yes.”
I move my face a centimeter closer to his and watch his eyes drop to my mouth as I wet my lips. I tilt my head a fraction in invitation and am shocked when his lips crush mine. All my hesitation dissolves as my panties dampen, lust gripping me so strongly I can't shake it. I’ve wondered what he would taste like, what his lips would feel like. Reality is better than anything I came up with in my head. I can't get enough. His tongue pushes into my mouth, tasting and exploring, warm and hot. He runs it over my bottom lip before biting it then soothing it again with his tongue. The sensations are electric and shocking but I want more. I shift unconsciously in my seat, angling my body towards his. His arm slips under my rear and he slides me onto his lap and he continues to kiss me breathlessly. His hand slips along the silk of my dress up my side and his thumb brushes the underside of my breast.
With his mouth on mine I can't form a thought and my blood pressure rockets. His erection throbs under my rear, the flimsy material of my dress hiding nothing. I wiggle, adjusting myself on his lap until I align his hardness between my thighs. I rub myself shamelessly against his lap as he feverishly kisses me. My chest heaves against his and I have no idea if the dancers are still performing or not. Right now there is nothing else in the world outside of Dom and me. The sensation of the silk on my skin, his hands in my hair, and his lips devouring me have me lost in my own neediness. A low, raw groan rips from him and his hands stop my hips from rolling as our kiss becomes tender and lazy. My hips move on their own accord but he stills them, holding me firmly in place on his lap and pulls his mouth from mine. I whine at the loss of him and pout. He smiles broadly and looks me over.
“Let’s move out to the deck,” he says softly. I remove myself from his lap and straighten my gown before taking his extended hand and letting him lead me out into the warm salty summer air. The deck is extravagant; instead of bench seating there are large pillows strewn about, creating an Indian feel. He kneels down on one knee, still holding my hand, and rests his head on my belly as I stand before him. He kisses just below my bellybutton. My stomach clenches as heat flares deep in the pit of my belly. “You really are stunning,” he murmurs into the fabric of my dress. The ocean glistens in the moonlight and waves lap against the side of the yacht as it cuts through the water. It’s gorgeous and peaceful.
“Dom,” I whisper while toying with his hair. He lifts his head from my stomach and looks up at me. I unwrap his hands from my waist and sink into the cushion next to him. We lie still, shoulder to shoulder, staring up at the stars.
“You scare me,” I whisper and bite my lip. The cushion moves and I know he’s looking at me. I roll my head to the side, meeting his stormy black eyes. He looks conflicted and shocked.
“I don't want to scare you, Clara,” he admits. I sigh, knowing he means it.
“When you touch me...it dominates me. I feel an insatiable need to feel you. It’s a reckless and demanding feeling. Like I can't control myself. Like I want you to devour me.” My voice is soft but steady. “I’ve never felt so out of control.”
He holds my gaze and smiles. He’s so handsome and he looks relaxed and approachable right now. Grabbing my hand, he laces his fingers through mine and squeezes. Surprisingly it feels completely natural.
“Now you know how I feel, only I didn't have to touch you to feel it. I was struck dumb just seeing you that night at my club.” He pauses and sucks in a deep breath. “When I touched you, heard your voice, I was consumed by you. I’ve not acted myself this last month. I’ve been desperate and have acted like a fool,” he finishes. Suddenly I know I have to end this. There are too many variables that I can't control with him and I don’t do out of control. Well, not normally.
“Dom, I can’t be seen in public with you. I can’t live in your world but I can’t ignore what my body’s screaming. I don’t know how to give this a chance,” I tell him honestly.
“What’s so wrong with my world? Why can’t I flaunt you and pamper you? I’ve worked hard to live this life--what’s wrong with sharing it with someone?” he asks and squeezes my hand again.
“Nothing, nothing's wrong with sharing it--you should. I just can’t. I’m sorry. I don't want to be flaunted. I don't mind pampering though,” I giggle. Gross. I seriously just giggled. Releasing my hand he rolls to his side and brushes the pad of his thumb over my cheek and lips. “Tell me why.”
“Answer this first. Do you know Charlie Hollingsworth?”
“From California, the senator?” he asks and my heart sinks.
“Yes,” I answer quietly.
“Of course. We mingle at the same parties occasionally. I know his son.” He seems proud but he doesn't know it’s just torn us apart.
“I see. I can’t date you publicly,” I say and look away from him. “I think maybe I’d like to head home now if you don’t mind,” I say blandly.
“I don't understand, Clara. What does Charlie have to do with anything? You have to tell me,” he pleads quietly. Turning back to him I stroke his face and give him a small smile.
“I was a kept woman once, Dom. I’ll never go back to that. If you want to casually date, and by that I mean grab a slice or see a movie in Blacksburg, I’m willing to do that, but no yachts, no planes, no galas or events. And absolutely no mentioning my name. I don't want the tabloids photographing me or writing about me,” I instruct. He frowns at the offer and I know we’re done. I push off the cushion and stand before tugging him up too. Wrapping my arms around him I hug him tight and soak in his smell and the feel of him before letting him go. “This was a really nice night. Thank you,” I say and weakly smile.
Surprisingly, he doesn't question me further or push in any way. The boat docks thirty minutes later as we finish our conversation about how he met Miller and how funny the guy is. The ride to the airstrip and the flight back are quiet but he finds ways to touch me tenderly every few minutes. It’s torturous, because I want it but shouldn't. Our silence isn't strained, it’s comfortable and during the drive to my house I find myself snuggling into his side wishing he was just your normal guy-next-door.
“Clara,” he calls quietly after walking me to the door. “Will you finish my tattoo?”
“Sure. We probably need three more two-hour sessions,” I tell him and stand awkwardly in front of him waiting. Finally I can’t stand the tension between us. Pushing up on my toes I grab his neck and pull his face to mine. “Please kiss me goodnight, Mr. Napoli,” I breathe. He doesn't hesitate, fulfilling my request. Our lips dance together gently but intensely. It’s a farewell kiss. A goodbye kiss. A kiss that screams this is the end of something: sad, salty, and sweet. Our lips linger together as our breath mingles, neither one of us wanting to be the first to let go. Finally I let go of his neck and the arms at my waist drop and hang limply at his sides.
“I’ll have my assistant call and make an appointment,” he mumbles.
“All right.”
“Goodnight, Clara.”
“Bye, Dom.” I turn to open the door but stop. “Do you want the Princeton gear and dress back?” I call over my shoulder.
“Nah, I’d never wear it.” He laughs. “Looks better on you...the dress too.” He winks before folding into the backseat of the car. I wave, unsure if he’s looking or not, before heading into the house. It’s dark and silent. Taped to the fridge is a note from Sawyer. He’s not home. I toe off my boots and push the shoulder straps of the dress down, letting the gown slip off me, landing in a red puddle at my feet, and in nothing but my undies I walk upstairs and crawl into bed. What a clusterfuck.

I stare at the ceiling and curse the day I met Daniel Hollingsworth. Ten months after our engagement I’d been sick for a week and felt miserable. I confided to Amanda how awful my life was. She spent the day with me and, witnessing my vomit attacks, asked if maybe I was pregnant. The idea had completely thrown me. I was only twenty-three and Daniel and I weren't married. This would be bad news. She bought a test, I took it and, turns out, I was having a baby. Like a brick in the face I realized I couldn't bear to bring a child into his world...so I bailed. I left him a note telling him I was staying with Marg and to give me space. I had nothing and felt desperate. I’d pawned the engagement ring, netting me five thousand dollars--not even close to its value--and hid at Marg’s for days.
His response was to show up in the middle of the night and drag me back to our house, all while lecturing me on what’s appropriate and what’s not. I would not leave him. It’s not acceptable for someone like me to leave someone like him. He would happily support me but we didn't have to have a relationship outside the public eye. I was young and scared shitless.

Three days later I was informed that we were having brunch with his parents at the country club and that it was time for me to perform appropriately. He led me to brunch reminding me to play nice in front of his parents and friends. When he realized I wasn't wearing the engagement ring he lost it and become slightly physical with me. When he found out I’d pawned the ring, well...it didn't end well. I showed up bruised and broken on Amanda’s doorstep, sobbing.
I blow out a breath and close my eyes, willing the memory of Daniel and that day away, before falling asleep.

“Darling, where’s your engagement ring? You can’t show up at the club without it. What would people say?” He squeezed my elbow harshly as we descended the marble staircase to the foyer. Panic seized me as I tried to formulate an appropriate response.
“I... I don't have it,” I explained.
“What do you mean you don't have it, Jade?” he roars. “Where the fuck is the ring?”
He bellows at me and I cower. “I hocked it, Daniel. IT’S GONE,” I shout back. His fingers dig into my shoulders--no doubt leaving bruises--before he starts violently shaking me. “You HOCKED IT? YOU HOCKED THE FAMILY RING?” he screams, shaking me more. I snap my eyes closed and pretend I’m anywhere else. His hands release my shoulders abruptly and as my eyes snap open I feel weightless and lose my balance. Stumbling to find my footing I miss the next step and tumble. His hate-filled eyes watch every hit to the cold hard stairs that my body takes. My hands protect my head but I’m helpless to do anything more before I crumple at the bottom in a pile of skin and bones. Pain surges through me. The baby. Fuck. The baby.

I scream myself awake, out of breath. Sweat drips down my back as I suck in ragged breaths to steady myself. Eight years later and I still can't escape him.
Butterfly Diamonds
After a weekend of me throwing myself into my work, Allie came home happy and excited for music camp in a few weeks. Her cheerfulness and enthusiasm were hard to ignore and Sawyer, Allie, and I fell effortlessly back into our normal routine. Sawyer never asked about my date with Dom but seemed content that he'd disappeared. I didn't offer up any more information. June slipped into July and yesterday Sawyer dropped Allie at music camp for another week away. I was really looking forward to her regular day camp when she returned. This being away crap wasn't for me. I like my little girl home every night. She requested Sawyer drop her off because I'd made too much of a scene the last time. I protested violently to her idea but in the end they teamed up against me and won.

“Did she say she loved me?” I whine to Sawyer the moment he steps foot in the shop. He chuckles and blatantly lies to me. “Of course she did, love.”
I pout because I know he’s full of shit. He looks over the book before sauntering back to me and hugging me.
“I don’t like overnight camp,” I complain, making him laugh again.
“Well maybe we should go out, take your mind off of it,” he suggests.
“I guess,” I huff. I’m really being unreasonable and I know it.
“We could see a movie?” he tries again.
“Mmm... yeah. Okay,” I give in, earning me a heart-warming smile from my favorite man. Sawyer prepares for his first appointment while I clean up my station. I’m light on appointments today and plan on getting some errands done. My back pocket vibrates. I fumble with the phone trying to remove it from my pocket and finally manhandle it into submission to check it.

Dom: How’s my favorite lady?

I smile at the screen. Dom’s been sending random texts here and there since he left. They’re usually short, always sweet, and I never know when they’ll come. The man doesn't give up easily and he sure knows how to keep my interest sparked, I’ll give him that.

Decent. Where are you?
Dom: Miami. It’s hot.
Huh, who wudda thought?
Dom: Har har smart ass
Business or pleasure
Dom: business my dear, always business.
All work and no play...
Dom: Makes Dom a dull boy.
See you soon handsome
Dom: Not soon enough.

His appointment is in five days and I find myself looking forward to it. I think about him often and lately I started dreaming about him...really good dreams, too. The secret texts we share always put me in a good mood and I feel I’ve gotten to know him better through them. He’s not Dominic Napoli the ruthless mogul, he’s my Dom, funny and thoughtful. Tucking my phone back in my pocket, I resume cleaning before heading out.
“Anything you need at the grocery store?” I ask Sawyer on my way out.
“Eh...deodorant and condoms,” he calls.
“Condoms, huh? You anticipating getting laid?” I tease. Sawyer and I don't use condoms; I have an IUD and we’ve been together forever and know each other's history, not to mention we both get tested yearly. He must have a new love interest because I haven't seen Kylie around for weeks.
“Shut it. You asked. I answered,” he clips and resumes tattooing his client. She giggles loudly at something he says and I wonder if that’s his next lay. Gross, I hate tattoo tramps. They just think he’s a badass, they have no love for the real Sawyer. I shake my head at them, leave, and hop in my car.

By the time I get home and load my arms with the twenty or so grocery bags--because like an idiot I refuse to make more than one trip to bring them in--it’s nearing four. I struggle, teetering on my heels, to get everything to the door, where there’s a box with a note waiting for me. I let the bags from one arm slide off onto the porch, unlock the door and carry the groceries into the kitchen before retrieving the box. I didn’t order anything but it’s addressed to me. I grab a knife to cut the tape and open it. A card rests on top of a smaller box that reads, “Don’t hate me. I saw it and knew it was yours.” I put the card on the counter and open the white box. A stunning diamond-encrusted three-inch Swallowtail butterfly attached to a long chain rests in it, and attached to the wing of it is a smaller version. I’m speechless. It’s clearly handcrafted, platinum, and I’m guessing those are real diamonds. It’s a glittery, scaled-down version of my tattoo. Lifting it, I pull the long chain over my head. The pendant rests just between the swell of my breasts. I dig through my purse for my phone and call Dom.
“Napoli,” he says shortly.
“Dom, I’m speechless,” I coo into the phone.
“Clara?”
“Caller ID says yes,” I laugh.
“I didn't look. Sorry. Let’s try this again. Clara! So glad to hear your voice,” he chuckles before murmuring something to someone else.
“I’m good. Did I interrupt something?” I ask, wondering if I should have just texted.
“No of course not. I have time for you,” he says with conviction.
“I just wanted to say thank you. The necklace arrived today. It’s amazing. I love it,” I gush before I can think better of it. He lets out a breath that sounds like relief.
“So you don't hate me?” he asks.
“Hate you?” I question.
“For spending my gross money on you,” he chuckles lightly.
“No, you idiot. I love it. Seriously,” I chastise teasingly.
“Good. It’s one of a kind and when I saw it I knew it was made for you,” he says softly and my heart melts just a little.
“Well thank you. You shouldn't have, but thank you.”
“You’re welcome. I do have to get back to work though.” He sounds distracted.
“Well quit lollygaggin’ and hustle,” I joke.
“Always a ham, my dear,” he says before hanging up. I listen to the dead air for a moment making sure he’s really disconnected before putting my phone down and staring at the sparkling pendant.
“Everything okay?” Sawyer's voice snaps me out of my daze.
“Huh? Yeah. Why?” I say, turning to face him.
“You were just standing there with your head down,” he jests.
“Oh. I, ah. Dom sent me a gift.” I point to my chest. “I was staring at it.”
Sawyer’s face clouds but quickly morphs to indifference as he walks to me and inspects the necklace.
“I didn't realize you two kept in touch,” he says under his breath.
“We don’t, really. He texts once in a while but that’s it,” I share.
“Well this looks like more than some random texting.” He drops the necklace back to my chest and moves around the counter furiously unpacking groceries.
“Sawyer, I’m here. With you. What does it matter if Dom and I text sometimes?” I touch his arm lightly to still his movements.
“It doesn't, Clara. The necklace is just a little much don't you think?” He sighs.
“Maybe, but it is really pretty,” I gush, and Sawyer gives me a small half-hearted smile and continues putting groceries away. Well, so much for a nice night with my main man. Sawyer says we’ll have to wait until tomorrow to see a movie because he’s suddenly too tired to go out. I tell him that’s fine but I know he’s irked about Dom’s gift. Things had just finally settled back into their good ways too. I try to convince him to snuggle me and watch some bad cable TV but he blows me off, opting for his room instead, and I’m left pondering how to bridge the gaping hole that’s forming between us.
Who’s Playing Who
Saturday morning I wake with a start. Dom comes in today and I can't wait to see him. Sawyer doesn't have to be at the shop until eleven so I let him sleep while I tug on jeans and a tank and head into the shop to open for Dom. He arrives at ten on the nose, dressed in faded jeans and a blue Henley shirt. His hair is ruffled and he looks like a wet dream. My pulse quickens at the sight of him. I’ve never seen him dressed down but damn does he rock it. He actually looks like a normal man. Someone I could date.
“Hi,” I say shyly. Dom laughs and pulls me into a fierce hug. Letting me go he fingers the pendant. “It suits you,” he admires.
“Thanks.”
“It’s good to see you. I missed you,” he tells me as he laces his fingers through mine and leads us to my station. Who is this guy? He’s a far cry from the Dom I met in Boston.
“Yeah. It’s good to see you too,” I parrot like a retard. “You look good. I like this laidback look,” I tease, pulling on the sleeve of his shirt.
“Ah, someone told me all work and no play makes me a dull boy.” He laughs and perches on the table. “So I took the bike on the plane and rode here.”
“Ahh, that makes sense. Suits, loafers, and motorcycles don’t really mix,” I joke.
“I’ll take you for a ride when we’re done if you have time,” he offers, grinning. The idea of being tightly wrapped around him whizzing through the mountain roads at high speeds is almost too much for my brain to handle.
“Confession time,” I snort. “I don't usually take Saturday clients so you’re my only one.”
“Really, Ms. Lord? You’re here just for me?” he teases.
“True story,” I quip and busy myself setting up my station. Slowly removing his shirt I can’t help but sneak a peek at the way his muscles contract and relax as he pulls it over his head and settles onto the table. His movements have some strange ability to reduce me to a puddle of girly mush.
“Want music?” I ask, regaining some composure.
“Anything you want,” he replies.
“You’re brave,” I laugh after pushing Play. Blink-182 pumps through the speakers, giving me energy. I love their old albums. I snap on my gloves, clean and shave the area, and dive into my work. I love the way the colors are complementing each other as I move further up the snake's body. The accent color for the roses will make it one of my best. Well, best colorings that is. After an hour Dom takes a quick break to stretch. Sawyer comes in laughing with his client but snaps his mouth closed when he sees Dom on my table. Shooting daggers at me, he clips his greeting and pretty much ignores my presence.
“Hey, Clara,” Julieann greets me. “What’s Sawyer's issue?” she asks, picking up on the obvious tension between us.
“PMS,” I shrug. “Maybe I’ll slip some Midol in his coffee. Apparently I bring out his inner ‘Fuck You.’” We snicker together before she sits in Sawyer's chair and removes her shirt. Sawyer’s finishing a killer cityscape of Rome that spans her entire back.
“Friend?” Dom asks as I come back around the table.
“Julieann? Yeah, kinda. She’s been in a lot for some work. She’s cool.”
“Sawyer didn't say hello to me,” he points out.
“Sawyer has a sandy vagina. Ignore him.”
Dom chuckles and shakes his head. “Where do you come up with this shit?”
“Sorry. I really need to start using my filter.”
“Don't. Please. I love listening to you,” he laughs. Getting back to work I notice that Julieann is all but drooling in my direction and I chuckle to myself at her obviousness. When she gets up an hour later for a break, Dom and I are still going strong. She struts over to us shirtless, flaunting her taut lean twenty-something body and watches as I work.
“Wow. That’s hot,” she flirts. Dom smiles and I refuse to lift my head. Just keep working, Clara. The green-eyed jealousy monster is threatening to make an appearance and I really don't want to snap at Julieann. I like her.
“Thanks. Let’s see.” Dom nods his head indicating to Julieann to turn around. She complies and peers over her shoulder at him with a lustful look.
“That’s impressive. Sawyer really does amazing work. Rome, right?” he chats. The needle slips a little too deep and he grimaces. Oops. My bad.
“Yeah. I took the photo Sawyer’s using to base it from. I love Rome,” she gushes.
“J.A., babe, you ready?” Sawyer claps his hands and she jumps, startled. I snicker and keep my head down.
“Nice to meet you....” she lingers, waiting for his name.
“Dominic,” I answer for him.
“Dominic,” she breathes and I want to punch her in her pretty little face. Wow, what is wrong with me?
“Clara, relax,” he soothes when she's gone. Busted.
“Uh. Mmmhmm,” I stutter and Dom chuckles at me. His hand drops to my thigh and squeezes gently. I immediately pull the gun away from his side. I would hate to slip and fuck up his tatt because I can’t control my body’s reaction when he touches me. He pulls his hand away, grinning like a fool, and I resume my work, smirking. By one I’ve done as much as I think he can take for one sitting. I gently wipe him clean and cover the colored area before letting him dress again.
“I think we can finish this in two more sessions,” I say, eyeing the remaining portion thoughtfully. Shrugging his shirt back on, he smiles and takes my hand, pulling me to my feet. Julieann and Sawyer are watching us like hawks, for two completely different reasons I assume.
“That’s it? I was hoping it’d take at least three more,” he flirts.
“That’s it, bud. Sorry to disappoint.”
He leans in and kisses the top of my head and groans quietly. “You smell tempting.” I laugh at the irony considering I think he smells heavenly. “Hmm and here I was thinking it was you who smelled so good,” I say.
He chortles and tugs my hand. “Ready for that ride?”
I fall in step with him, smiling widely, and nod. “Just let me clean up. You can wait here, or there’s a good coffee shop next door.”
“Do you want anything?” he asks.
“No thanks, I’ll come grab ya when I’m done,” I say. He nods and heads next door.
“Where did he come from?” Julieann asks as she carefully pulls her shirt on.
“Boston,” I say curtly. She’s definitely fishing for information and I don't care to give it to her.
“You two dating?” she questions as Sawyer narrows his eyes at me.
“Nope,” I tell her and get back to my station.

I clean up my mess, wipe everything down, disinfect, and grab my purse. He should have had ample time to finish his coffee by now. “See ya,” I call to Sawyer as I head out. He doesn't reply, which irks me, but I’m not going to let it ruin my afternoon. Approaching the coffee shop, I stop dead in my tracks as I take in Julieann wrapped around Dom by his bike. She’s laughing wildly at something he said. His body language screams disinterest, but apparently not enough disinterest to keep her from rubbing her body all over him. My hands clench into fists at my sides as I watch them. Dom finally catches sight of me and stumbles a step back from Julieann, looking guilty. I saunter up to them, trying to keep my jealousy in check. Who am I kidding? A juvenile outburst is going to take place shortly. I somehow have a knack for causing scenes.
“Julieann,” I grind out.
“Hey, Clara,” she purrs.
“Dom, something came up but I’m sure Julieann here would love to hop on the back of your bike in my absence,” I say dryly before pushing past them both and heading to my car. Dom lets out an irritated huff before calling out to me. I know I’m being slightly adolescent. I have no ownership over him and I told Julieann we weren't dating but the idea of Dom with anyone else suddenly really pisses me off. I hit the unlock button on my key fob and yank the door open, sending it swinging wide. Chucking my purse into the passenger seat, I start to fold into the car.
“Clara, stop,” his deep voice booms, commanding me, and for a second I almost want to oblige. I want him to want me when I turn my back. How whack is that?
“Not a chance,” I bark, swinging the door shut. The door swings back open with force and I’m physically removed from the vehicle and set on my feet, toe to toe with Dom. “What the…”
“Shut up,” he growls at me. Snapping my mouth shut, I refuse to look at him. His hands leave my hips and wrap around my neck, forcing my head to face his. His coal black eyes are smoldering and it suddenly feels like the air’s been sucked from my lungs. His head dips low, meeting mine, and he kisses me. It’s soft, sweet, and full of desire. Thrusting past my teeth, his tongue circles mine, stroking and teasing, and I give up my fight and kiss him back. His fingers tangle in my hair tightly as he pulls me into his lean frame. A strangled moan slips from me as he bites my bottom lip, tugs gently, and releases it before pulling back to peer down at me.
“Dammit, Clara,” he hisses while I struggle to regulate my breathing. Pulling me away from the car, he leans in, tags the keys from the ignition, and locks the doors.
“Bike,” he clips as he tugs me by the hand towards his bike.
“No,” I blurt. “No, Dom, you can’t kiss the shit out of me and think that wipes the slate clean.”
“Clara. I didn’t do anything wrong. You overreacted and I can kiss the shit out of you,” he grumbles.
“I saw her rubbing herself up and down your body, practically purring, and you let her!” I screech.
“What part of that is wrong on my part?” He raises an eyebrow at me.
“You let her be all over you in front of me!” I squawk, my hurt evident.
“And you have reason to be pissed why?” He smirks. Arrghh. This man is infuriating. He’s right, though. I have no claim on him; in fact, I’m the one who wanted it that way.
“Message received,” I bark back. His rough hands attach to my waist, and my hands immediately clamp onto his shoulders to steady myself as he hoists me through the air and sets me rather forcefully onto his bike. “Sit. Stay,” he instructs as he grabs a helmet and jams it onto my head. “I’m not a dog,” I pout. I can feel my bottom lip start to tremble and tears prick my eyes. I don’t know if I’m coming or going when he’s around and it’s messing with my emotions. I do this to myself though. I like the taste of danger, it shines like sugar on my lips and I’ll gladly stand in the line of fire just to show I can shoot straight from my hip. It doesn't serve me well, and I know it, but it’s as if I’m helpless against it. I’m fiery and vulnerable and guarded and outgoing all at the same time. Oh boy do I confuse myself.
Tugging on his own helmet he slides on in front of me and the engine rumbles to life. Instinctively I snake my arms around his waist, press my front to his back and hold tight. He throttles the engine and we peel out into traffic while I fight to keep from crying. We speed along the winding mountain roads pressed together and I realize that I want to date him. DUH. I want the chance to date him. I absolutely don't want to see him with some hussy. I also have no say over this particular situation. I’ve spent the last month willing my body to ignore its overwhelming physical desire for the man I’m currently molded to, and telling my brain that no matter how well I get to know him, no matter how many sweet texts, gifts or visits I get, he is off-limits. I’ve spent the last month mentally stabbing my Daniel Hollingsworth voodoo doll with pins, cursing him for making me this way.

His hand covers mine momentarily where it clings to his middle and his thumb brushes gently over my knuckles before returning to the handlebar. That’s all it takes for me to come unglued. A sob bursts from me and the tears spill as my body shudders with the force of my waterworks. Thank God he can't hear me. The bike slows and he pulls off to the side, killing the engine and tearing his helmet off. “Clara?” His voice is worried.
I refuse to release him from my death grip or acknowledge him. He twists around and, snaking an arm under my pits, slides me around so that I’m straddling him. His fingers make quick work of the chin strap and as he removes the helmet I try futilely to wipe away any evidence that I shed tears. He cups my face, the pads of his thumbs pushing the wetness away. I wrap my legs around his waist tightly and without looking at him I rest my head on his chest. “Are you going to tell me what’s going on?” he pushes gently.
“Trust me, when I woke up today, I had plans to be awesome, but... shit happens,” I sniffle into his chest.
His hands are rubbing soothing circles on my back as I shake my head no. My arms join my legs, wrapping around him and holding on for dear life. My hips buck slightly as I try to adjust my position and I’m surprised to feel his hardness press into the crotch of my jeans. The fact that he’s turned on even when I’m a bumbling idiot, that he wants me at all, sends another wave of tears spilling down my cheeks. Prying me off of him he holds me back and stares at me.
“Explain,” he says gently. I blow out a shaky breath and try to formulate a sentence. It’s not easy when his dark eyes bore into mine.
“I’m overwhelmed. I was jealous, then mad at myself, then mad at someone else, then blown away by the fact that you’re turned on right now even though I’m acting like a PMSing jerk,” I blurt, rambling.
“Slow down. Explain ‘mad at yourself.’”
“I made the rules. I told you no. I lied. I want to date you but I can't. I’m mad at myself because I got jealous even though you were following my rules,” I let on quietly. His eyes widen at the honest admission but he doesn't push further.
“Who’s the ‘someone else’ you’re mad at?” he murmurs.
“Pass,” I say shortly.
“No, Clara, no passing.”
“I’m mad at Allie’s dad for being the reason that we can't date.” There are only so many ways to phrase my answer without divulging information.
“Why is he the reason?”
“Pass,” I clip and Dom growls in frustration.
“Why does it surprise you that even when you’re a crying jerk you can turn me on?” he asks, clearly giving up and changing the topic.
“I don't know. I guess I want to believe that you’re a pompous ass, an entitled jerk, so that this is easier for me. Knowing you’re just as affected by me as I am by you just makes things worse,” I huff and let my head collapse back to his chest.
“I think about you all the time, Clara. If I could evict you from my head I would have done it a month ago. Why are you so sure you can’t be with me?” He sounds desperate and needy and it nearly breaks me.
“I’d like to explain. I really would, but Allie comes first in my life and there are already too many people who know the truth,” I mumble into his shirt.
His grip tightens around me. “Are you in danger?” His voice is tight and controlled.
“Honestly, I don't know...but that’s not something I’m willing to find out,” I admit reluctantly. He sighs loudly.
“We should head back. My plane leaves in a couple hours.”
I nod, swing a leg over and off the bike and hop on the back again. Helmets secured, he fires up the bike and directs us back to town. When he pulls up alongside my car I hop off and hand him his helmet.
“I don't want you with anyone else.”
The words tumble out of me before I can stop them. Dom reaches out and crushes me to his chest.
“I don’t want anyone else,” he soothes, “but I won't stop dating until you’re ready to be with me. Publicly.”
I stumble back from him in shock. “I have events that require a date, Clara. I want you in my world just as much as you want me only in yours.” He looks pained as he speaks but remains firm. “When you’re ready to be with me, I’ll be here.”
I can’t even form words. He’s rotten. I spill my guts to him, tell him I want him and he still wants more. Greedy ass. Why can't he just agree to date on my terms for a while? Okay, so maybe that's a little much. Clearly it’s all about me. I am a certified mess. I back up a few more steps and can feel my anger and frustration bubbling to the surface.
“If you knew, you wouldn't push me to be a part of your world,” I spit, putting my defenses in place.
“But I don't know, because YOU. WON'T. TELL. ME!.” he roars, clearly frustrated.
“Well, that about sums up our fucked-up relationship. See ya in September,” I say with snark. I can feel the steely walls replacing themselves around my heart. I’m shutting him out and closing myself in. I don't even care right now. My defense mechanisms kick in and I leave him sitting on his idling bike without another thought.

By the time Sawyer gets home I’ve cried myself silly, eaten a pint of chocolate ice cream, and can be found soaking in the bathtub drinking wine while Fiona Apple blares through the house. The bathroom door creaks as Sawyer pushes the door open and he plops down on the edge of the tub.
“Hey, love. Rough day?” he asks hesitantly.
“The worst,” I pout at him.
“Fiona always spells trouble for you,” he chuckles, watching me.
Gazing at me tenderly, he stands and rids himself of all his clothes before hopping in the tub with me. Our wet bodies slide against each other as I recline my head to his chest.
“Sorry I’ve been a dick,” he says, caressing my shoulders. His hands slide along my skin, lower to my chest, and begin massaging my stress away.
“Don’t sweat it,” I sigh. “I still love you,” I breathe, wiggling my hips in invitation to him. And like the bitch that I am I make love to Sawyer in the tub to rid myself of the lingering thoughts of Dominic Napoli.
Playing House
Sawyer and I pick Allie up from camp on Sunday and spend the remaining part of the day having family time together. I’m thankful she’s home for the rest of the summer. I need the distraction. July fades away and I realize I’ve thrown myself into Sawyer’s arms full force. We’re back to our normal routine as if Dominic never existed. I ignore all his texts, and the necklace that I love rests in its box in my nightstand drawer. Gorgeous flower arrangements have arrived weekly since his departure and I throw all of them in the trash without a second glance. My walls are fully intact again and I intend to keep them that way. Allie and I need stability and that’s what we have here with Sawyer.

Marg: Hey
What's up!
Marg: Just checkin in
Things are fine
Marg: Are they?
No Dom talk. that’s way over
Marg: Liar
Fine I still think about him
Marg: Just give the truth a shot Clara
No
Marg: He might understand if you just TELL him
Maybe but still...not happening
Marg: What am I gonna do with you?
Love me anyway?
Marg: Always

Things are comfortable and easy at home, Allie is chipper as always, and Sawyer seems overly happy these days. He snuggles more, hasn’t gone on any dates recently, and caters to my every need. You know when you're in bed and can't sleep, so you just start making mental movies of perfect scenarios in life? That's my life, and all the scenarios involve me and Dominic. Sleep is the worst. My dreams are always of Dom and are relentless in their attack. I wake up craving his touch most mornings. The shower never seems hot enough to scorch my skin and burn away my wants or the memory of his touch.

“See you Friday.”

Dom’s text reminds me that his next appointment is tomorrow. As is normal now, I force myself not to respond. Last week I secretly looked him up on Google and found a plethora of pictures from the last three weeks of him at various events with gorgeous women draped all over him. It made me sick to my stomach and I’d thrown my laptop against the wall. Sawyer didn't understand why I’d done it, and I wasn't about to tell him. But he replaced it the next day and asked me to be gentle with this one. He really is too good to me.

I’m flat out tired today and my back is killing me from being hunched over bodies for so long.
“Mom!” Allie races through the shop and bear hugs me. Sawyer chuckles and drops her bag by the front desk.
“Hi, babe. How was your day?”
“Good. Can I have a sleepover this weekend with Madison?” she asks hopefully.
“Did Madison invite you?” I ask, hoping I’m not stepping into a trap.
“Yeah, here,” she says and thrusts a note from Madison’s mom at me. I scan it quickly noting that she has, in fact, been invited over tonight.
“I guess so,” I say. Allie jumps and fist pumps the air before thanking me ten times. After calling Madison’s mom and confirming, I agree to drop Allie at her house at six. That should give us enough time to get home and pack a bag for her. Allie takes her position at the front desk and Sawyer sits his next client down to get to work. Dom walks through the door at four, twenty minutes late. The sight of him steals my breath but I keep my poker face intact giving nothing away. I refuse to get sucked under his spell. Things are good at home and I've made my bed. I will lie in it. I will.
“Hey,” I call out. “I’m all ready for you.” He struts back to my station and quickly removes his shirt. I try not to stare as he lies down on the table. “Sorry I’m late,” he says softly.
“Me too. I’m out of here at five so I’ll do as much as I can,” I say curtly.
“I was hoping we could talk,” he admits.
“Sorry,” I clip and get started.
“Clara.” My name drips like honey from his lips and I have to close my eyes and take a deep breath. Why does my name sound so amazing when he says it? It really does. It makes me want to hear it again and again. It’s so much easier ignoring him when he’s not physically near me. I stand and prowl over to Sawyer. His head pops up, giving me a questioning look. Knowing Dom’s watching, I grab Sawyer’s face between my hands and kiss him passionately. “Love you, muffin,” I purr. Sawyer sits, stunned, as the guy on his table whistles at us. I turn back to Dom and lick my lips as I walk back to my stool. His expression is dark; his face is tight and the muscles in his neck are straining against his skin. I am going to Hell. I smirk at him as I lift the gun and resume my work. Point made, I chuckle to myself.
My knee bounces nervously as I work, knowing that I just used Sawyer and hurt Dom. There is something seriously wrong with me. Allie chirps happily at customers up front making appointments. At five she trots over to me. “Neat snake,” she says to Dom.
“Thanks,” he says, his expression finally softening. I want to tell him to shut up and not speak to my daughter but I don’t.
“Do you like snakes?” he asks. Allie nods her head excitedly.
“This guy came into school last year and showed us a bunch of reptiles and we got to touch them and hold them. It was soooo cool,” she gushes.
“That sounds like a lot of fun,” he replies, interested.
“Totally,” she answers. “Mom, it’s five, can we go? Can I bring Lucky to Madison’s with me?” she rambles, a mile a minute.
“Yes and yes. Let me just clean up,” I answer. She nods her head and moves over to Sawyer telling him how awesome it’s going to be at Madison’s sleepover tonight. I wipe and clean Dom’s side, cover the work with a paper towel, and tape it in place.
“All set,” I mumble as my fingers drift over his skin. I notice his muscles twitch at my touch. I spin my stool to my tray without looking at him and start cleaning my station.
“Right. Well. Thanks.” He stumbles over his words and I secretly smile that I’m affecting him.
“One more session and it’s over. Ask Allie to book it on your way out.” I smile sweetly at him. His expression is forced and I know he’s dying to say something.
“Hey mister. Does September sixth work for you?” Allie calls out to him, stealing his attention away from me, thankfully. I watch as he strides to her and looks over his calendar on his phone. I hurry to finish cleaning up while they arrange his last appointment. Grabbing my bag from the back room I pat Sawyer’s head on my way by and meet Allie at the front.
“Mom! Guess what?!” she exclaims.
“What?” I feign the same enthusiasm, making her roll her eyes at me.
“Dominic said I could take a limo to Madison’s! Oh my god, can I?!” she squeals. I turn to Dom and give him the best death stare I can muster. Underhanded piece of shit. If I say no I’m the worst mom on the planet, but if I say yes he wins. “Pleeeeeaaaseee mom!?” she cries.
“I’m sure Dominic has other things he needs to do, honey.”
“Not at all. My evening is completely free,” he replies smugly.
“Yes!” Allie elates.
“Fine,” I give in.
“How about we take the limo to your house first so you can pack, and then go to Madison’s?” he offers and I swear Allie just died and went to heaven. Her skinny arms circle his waist as she thanks him profusely. Allie darts out ahead of us to jump into the limo and check everything out.
“I never took you for a below-the-belt fighter,” I snip as we head outside.
“I’m not above fighting dirty for what I want,” he murmurs close to my ear. I walk faster to put distance between us. During the ride to the house, Allie thankfully fills the silence with chatter as I sit on the opposite side of the car from Dominic. He answers all her questions and I find myself focused on the way his full lips move when he talks. I snap my eyes shut and shake the thoughts from my head as she flits around the back seat claiming everything is the most awesome thing ever until we pull into the driveway. Hurrying out, I dart inside and furiously throw things into Allie’s bag as she waits in the car with Dom. Once I’m sure I've packed everything she’ll need, I suck in a few deep breaths to steady my resolve. I will not give in to him, I dislike him immensely, I chant repeatedly in my head.

Climbing back into the car I find the strobe lights in the floor are on and Icona Pop’s “I Love It” blaring. Dom is crouched on his knees flailing wildly next to a dancing Allie. The smile on her face is so big I’m worried her face might explode. I crack a smile watching my little girl have a dance party with the masculine six-foot-three handsome man and the chink in my armor expands despite my best efforts. “Mom! Dance with us!” Allie squeals, noticing me. Dom twists around looking like he just got caught stealing. His olive skin flushes with embarrassment and I burst out laughing. I climb into the car, move around Dom and Allie and perch at the divider to give the driver the address for Madison’s. When I swing back around Dom’s gaze--dark and trained on my rear--is anything but innocent. My heart flutters in my chest and I try to distract myself. It doesn't matter. I don't want him.
Madison comes screaming down the steps of her front porch as we pull into her driveway completely mesmerized by the limo. Her mom appears as the three of us exit the car and Madison and Allie talk to each other at the speed of light.
“Hi, Anna,” I greet.
“Clara. This is a surprise.” She nods at the limo.
“Anna, this is Dominic Napoli. Dominic, Anna, Madison’s mom,” I introduce them. Dom shakes her hand and smiles a dazzling smile at her. I’m sure that smile's made many panties drop.
“Would it be okay if the girls took a ride around the block together?” Dom asks. The girls' faces light up at the prospect.
“Oh, of course!” Anna says breathlessly. I nod, unaffected by his charm. The girls titter with delight as they scramble into the limo. Dom instructs the driver to do two laps around the neighborhood and bring them back. The limo backs carefully out of the driveway and as they pull away you can hear the bass pumping from the car. I chuckle to myself knowing they’re probably having the dance party of all dance parties.
“So, ah, Mr. Napoli, how do you know the Lords?” Anna asks politely.
“I met her in one of my clubs and couldn't tear my eyes off her.” He smiles coyly at me. I cross my arms over my chest at his dirty, dirty warfare. Anna sighs and looks to me.
“You’re one lucky lady, Clara,” she giggles until another thought takes over. “Wait. Aren’t you and Sawyer married?” she questions. Most people assume this about us and we haven't bothered to correct anyone.
“We aren't, no,” I explain. Her brows furrow in confusion. “We’ve lived together for almost five years, but we aren't married. Please excuse Dominic, he’s a little overt in his teasing. We did meet at one of his clubs but I’m working on a piece for him.” I smile smugly at Dom. “He’s quite the jokester,” I add. There, asshole, counter that. Dom moves to my side and brushes my hair over my shoulder.
“Touché,” he mutters under his breath close to my ear, sending a shiver of want down my spine. He’s too close. I step away as discreetly as possible, using Allie’s bag as an excuse.
“This has everything she needs,” I explain to Anna.
“Oh, great. I’ll drop her off tomorrow around noon. Does that work?”
“Sounds great,” I answer. Dom glances at his watch and excuses himself to make a phone call while we wait for the girls to get back. They arrive in one piece with shit-eating grins to boot. After I give Allie a hug and a kiss Dom and I say goodbye to Anna and get back in the limo.
“I can't believe you!” I hiss when we’re finally alone.
“Allie seemed to enjoy it,” he comments, ignoring me completely.
“Don't you dare use her against me ever again,” I seethe.
“How else was I to get you alone? You won't answer my calls or texts and barely spoke to me during our session today,” he snarls.
“I don't want you to get me alone. There’s a reason I’m avoiding you,” I snarl back.
“And what might that be?” he asks curiously.
“I don't want you,” I state firmly.
“Bullshit!” he shouts.
“Excuse me?” I squawk.
“I don't think I need to repeat myself. You heard,” he clips.
“Sawyer and I are giving it another go. You need to stay out of my life,” I lie. His face twists into a tortured expression before his lips thin into a firm line and a vein in his neck bulges.
“I’m quite aware of your understanding with Sawyer. Just as I’m sure you’re aware that I’ve been dating.” Ouch. That hurt. I lose all self-control right then. I play to win and I feel like I’m losing and I will NOT have that. It’s on. Bring it.
Sliding across the seat I stop right next to him, my breathing ragged. “Yes,” I poke him hard in his sternum and his eyes widen. “I’ve seen enough pictures of your dates,” the word coming out in a sneer, “to last a lifetime!” I poke him again. Pressing myself against him I know I’m crossing a line but I don't care if I’m pushing his buttons. I stretch myself across him like a bridge, pulling him to the edge with me. “They all look so intriguing,” I snort and press my chest to his while his fingers grip the seat and his knuckles turn white. “I’m sure they satisfy your every need.” I slide my hand up his inner thigh and cup him. He’s hard and I gasp in surprise. “There’s no reason for you to want me with those girls at your beck and call, is there Mr. Napoli?” I finish, breathing hard in his face and still cupping him. His eyes are black with lust and I know I need to move away or I’ll be sucked into the tornado that is Dominic Napoli. I remove my hand from his crotch and slide as far away as possible. The tension between us is as thick as fog as I stare silently out the window at the passing scenery. His breathing sounds labored as it fills the silence but I don't dare make eye contact with him.
“You drive me crazy,” he breathes. I ignore him and continue staring out the window. “I can't seem to disarm you.”
“Does that scare you?” I murmur, avoiding his eyes. His gaze is dangerous and if I let him get too close I know I’ll get lost in him.
“I let you run away but my heart won’t oblige me. You haunt the world inside me,” he whispers. “I covet your attention, Clara, and I'm willing to invade your life, because eventually you will yield to me,” he finishes firmly. His words are passionate and genuine and scare the shit out of me because I would yield to him if I could. I cock my head at him as the car comes to a stop at my house.
“Do you spend your nights wondering what it is about me or do you know it's my big secret that keeps you coming back for more?” I blow out a breath, sending my bangs flying. “Once that’s gone our fantasy and reality are too far apart for this to work, Dom. So pardon me if I call bullshit and walk away.” The driver opens the door and I crawl out of the car.
“Must I release you? Is that what you really want, Clara?” he says softly.
“Yes,” I clip and storm into the house. Sawyer stands just inside the front door, arms crossed over his chest, pissed, waiting for me.
“Not now,” I bark and throw a hand up at him. He snags my waist as I stomp by him and pulls me to him. “Please tell me nothing happened,” he pleads and my heart breaks a little. This is too much. I can't have Dom but I want him and I can have Sawyer but I don't want him, not like that. I can't seem to please either one of them.
“Nothing happened. I’m pretty sure I clearly drove the point home this time,” I tell him. Sawyer’s face softens. He plants a light kiss at my temple and lets me go. I blow up to my room, slamming the door behind me, and crumble on the bed. This is ridiculous. My phone vibrates in my pocket. I yank it out and check it.

Dom: See you September sixth

“Arrrhhhhhhhhhhhh!” I scream and chuck my phone against the wall, watching the back fly off and the screen shatter. Footsteps pound up the stairs and my door flies open, hitting the wall behind it.
“What is it?!” Sawyer bellows and looks frantic. Despite my mood I burst out laughing at his expression.
“I think I need a new phone. I'll call it a smart phone the day I yell, 'Where's my fucking phone?!' and it answers, 'I'm here! Under your jacket on the floor!'” I laugh uncontrollably and point to the mess. I know I just lied to him. I know he’ll never question how the phone broke. I almost feel bad about it but he belly flops onto the bed with me, making me bounce and starts tickling my sides.
“If you tickle me I'm not responsible for your injuries!” I squeal. I wrap my arms around his neck and take his earlobe between my teeth. He stops tickling me and stills.
“What are we going to do with you?” he chuckles.
“What do you want to do with me?” I purr in his ear. I really have to stop doing this. I’m being careless with a good, decent man but I keep living for today like tomorrow will never come. I’m a horrible, horrible person.

School starts the end of August and I dive back in, getting the chorus ready for the Fall Showcase. Between work and school the weeks pass quickly. Sawyer and I are way past our routine connection and sinking further and further into a committed full-blown relationship. Most days I’m extremely happy and content with the turn my life’s taken. The three of us are thriving together. Every time that niggling doubt pushes its way up I shut it down and tell it to fuck off. When my dreams leave me panting for Dominic I shower them away. But he stills creeps into my thoughts when I least expect it. It’s evil the way he permeates my mind even after a month of no contact. He lingers in my head without permission and it’s really starting to piss me off.

When I replaced my phone I got a new number, being sure to only give it to Amanda and Marg with strict instructions to keep it to themselves, and I haven't received a text from him yet. Flowers are delivered to the shop every Tuesday and every arrangement is more extravagant than the last. The shop is slowly looking more like a florist's than a tattoo parlor. Every week Sawyer grits his teeth and does his best to ignore the flowers but I know they really bother him. The cards all read the same thing; “I don't give up - Dom.” All the cards end up in the trash can.
I still haven't figured out the pull to him, the devastating attraction and need I feel for him, but I try not to dwell on it. Every once in a while I pull out the necklace and let my fingers run over the wings of the butterfly. Dom’s been a busy little bee as of late, popping up in the pages of Us Weekly and People, always with some little tart attached to him. He doesn't smile and he looks tired and it makes me sad, wondering why he appears that way.

Amanda: Hey chica how’s things?
Good enough, what's up?
Amanda: Marg and I need a girls weekend soon, think you can get away?
Where?
Amanda: The Cape second weekend of Sept
I’ll ask Sawyer and let you know.

“Muffin!” I shout to the front of the shop.
“What’s up, love?” he calls back.
“Manda and Marg neeeeeed me,” I say in my sweetest begging voice.
“When?” he laughs.
“Second week of September. Can I go? Pretty please?” I bat my lashes shamelessly at him.
“Who could say no to that face?” he chuckles.
“You are the best!” I squeal and race across the shop, leap into his arms, and hug him tight before responding to Amanda

I’m in!
Amanda: Score! Harbor View Hotel under my name.
Sweet. See ya in two weeks.
Impulsive Mistakes
“Holy shit. This is nuts,” I say, looking around. The Harbor View Hotel has rooms, luxury suites, and one, two, and three-bedroom cottages. The wrap-around porch shows off the spectacular views of Edgartown Harbor and Lighthouse.
“Yeah, Marg’s dad’s friend paid for a weekend here but they couldn't come so they offered it her,” Amanda informs me.
“Well, I’m not complaining.” I laugh and set my suitcase on the bed and start to unpack.
“Any word from Dom?” she asks nonchalantly.
“Nope. He didn't even show for his last appointment.” I shrug, trying to feign indifference. When he pulled a no-show I’d been really disappointed and pissed. His loss though, since he paid in full up front.
“I’m here!” Marg barrels into the room, hugging us both. “Tonight we hit The News, ladies, slutty dress required.” She laughs.
We spend the next two hours sharing the bathroom, primping for our night out. I have this hot little sequined skirt, paired with heels that make my legs look like sex. To offset it I kept it simple with a plain black sheer tank although the zebra striped bra I’m wearing is clearly visible. I like it. It’s edgy and fun. Marg piles my long hair on top of my head in curls leaving some to cascade down around my face, and Amanda nails my make-up: it’s vampy and dark and I love it. The neon pink streak in my hair adds to the look nicely.
Once the three of us are ready it’s nearing ten. We head down to the lobby to wait for our cab, looking like high-end call girls and ready for fun. Heads turn and a few drunk guys whistle at us but we ignore them all, this is girl-time only.
Strutting through the doors of the bar, lights flash, “As Long As You Love Me” blares, and the dance floor undulates with the throng of people. I squeal, secretly loving this song, and drag my girls to the dance floor with me. Twisting my hips, I move to the music and close my eyes, letting the bass vibrate through me. Amanda disappears, yelling something about grabbing drinks, leaving Marg and I on the dance floor. A tall handsome guy dances up on Marg and I give her the thumbs up that he’s not creepy. She leans back into him and starts dancing with him. A pair of hands lands on my hips and start guiding them back and forth to the beat. I lean back into the firm body and roll my hips seductively against him, enjoying myself.
A breeze blows gently through the crowd, and the smell it brings with it makes me dizzy with memories and I still slightly. The fingers at my waist dig in, keeping me moving as my heart starts beating frantically in my chest. Dominic’s distinct smell infiltrates my nostrils as his hands grind my rear into his crotch. I’m overrun with conflicting emotions but too caught up in the moment to move away. I’m frozen in the ecstasy of his touch. I tilt my head up, looking at his throat, his Adam’s apple bobbing sexily as he swallows and drops his face to mine. Funny how firm pecs and amazing biceps can thwart a girl's best efforts. Why do I always want the wrong thing?
“Clara,” he blows into my ear. And just like that I’m lost. I feel like a starving, depraved person. I’ve fought off the very thought of him for so long that my body rejects the idea of doing it any longer. The bass thumps, it’s hot, and a light sheen of sweat coats my body. His fingers slither under the hem of my tank. The contact of skin on skin blows my mind and I fear my knees might give out. As if sensing my overwhelming reaction he spins me so we’re chest to chest. One hand cups my ass firmly as the other slides up my spine to the nape of my neck and grips my hair. Holding every inch of me pressed into his length he moves us together fluidly. I can't control my ragged pants as the beat picks up. His eyes devour me. The intensity is startling as I look at him.
He dips me, and trails his tongue from my collarbone to my earlobe as he pulls me back up. Every inch of my body is on fire as he moves us. His white button down shirt clings to him. His sleeves are unbuttoned and rolled to his elbows and he’s wearing those faded jeans I love. His eyes never leave mine and when my tongue darts out to wet my lips he growls. My panties dampen at the sound and I know tonight’s a lost cause. If he wants me he can have me, all he has to do is ask.
His knee pushes between my legs hiking up my skirt as he moves me to the music against his thigh. His hands firmly hold me at my ribs as I close my eyes and let go. I let the bass line rush through me, drop my head back, arms hanging at my sides and grind against his thigh as he carries my weight. One hand snakes around my ribs, freeing his left hand. He palms my throat and drags his hand down between my breasts to my belly, never breaking my rhythm. I gasp at the sensation and slowly reach out, fisting his shirt and pull myself up to his chest. The music changes to something faster paced and I pull his face down to mine. “Get me out of here.” He smiles devilishly before bending at the waist, throwing me over his shoulder and like a caveman carries me to his waiting car.

As soon as the driver rolls up the partition, I straddle Dom. Unbuttoning his shirt, I yank it down his arms and kiss every inch of his chest. He tugs my tank off and unclips my bra, sending my breasts spilling out as the straps slide off my arms. Palming them, his breaths come in short rapid successions. He takes them in his mouth one at a time and suckles, sending me teetering close to the edge of insanity. His hands come to my waist, grasping me hard, fingers digging into my bottom. He lifts me and slides off the seat before bringing me down to his mouth. Licking a path to my opening I start shaking uncontrollably. “Not yet, Clara,” he demands low and raspy.
His fingers rip the underwear from me and slide inside as he licks me. I grind my hips into his face uncontrollably when he pauses to suck my clit between his teeth. He bites down gently sending the most luxurious tingling sensation shooting from my core throughout my entire body. “I’m going to come, Dom.” My voice shakes as my body trembles viciously with pleasure.
“Not until I say you can,” he demands.
“I can’t stop it!” I cry out. His mouth and fingers leave me and I feel a desperate need to get it back. He nips and tongues his way across my thighs, pushing my skirt up around my waist and kisses my belly. He unbuttons his pants and shucks them and his boxers down around his ankles. Kneeling between my knees he pauses at my already wet entrance and trails his fingers over the sensitive spot until I squirm and writhe beneath him.
“Are you ready?” he growls low. I nod my head and try to control my breathing. He lifts my hips off the floor and wraps my legs around his waist as he slams into me. I cry out at the feeling of him filling me and he instantly stills. “Did I hurt you?” he asks.
“No. Don't stop,” I beg. He drives deep and hard again and again and my world explodes. Skin filters through the speakers, adding to the erotic tension between us. The three-inch heels of my shoes dig into his rear as I cling to him. Flipping us, he lies beneath me watching me heatedly as I ratchet up and down like a piston on top of him.

Letting me set the pace, our bodies settle into a steady rocking motion leaving me feeling more replete than I’d ever felt. Rolling again he pins me down and increases our pace. Slamming into me, my legs start to quiver and I can’t control my hips as they buck wildly. He lightly bites my neck sending me over the edge. “Dom!” I cry out as I lose control of my body. My nails pierce the skin at his shoulders as I ride out wave after wave of pleasure. When he finally collapses on me grunting my name, I lay still, unable to move as my body shakes with the intensity of the orgasm he just gave me.
“Are you all right?” he whispers in my ear as he nuzzles my neck.
“I will be,” I rasp, trying to still the trembles that don’t seem to stop. He rolls to my side and pulls me tightly into him. I sling an arm over his chest and breathe deeply.
“What are you doing here?” I question as I regain some composure.
“My cousin’s getting married tomorrow. We were out for his bachelor party,” he explains in between peppering my face and neck with light kisses. His fingers linger between my legs, taking their time toying with me. “Come with me, Clara,” he pleads softly, continuing to trail kisses down my neck and over my chest.
“Yes,” I murmur, lost in the sensation of his nips and lips. “Yes,” I breathe again, ready for more. His fingers leave me and he slides in and moves gently in and out, making love to me again. It’s lazy and tender and every bit as fulfilling as the needy rough sex we just had. Moments later I come apart around him as he holds me, thrusting and swiveling his hips, setting every nerve I have on fire. He calls my name as he comes and collapses again at my side. We lie together holding one another for a long time before he tugs my skirt down and asks me to come home with him. I know I shouldn't, but now that I’ve had him it’s not enough and I want more. I text Amanda and Marg letting them know I’m with him and join him back at his room.
He lavishes my body with attention a third time upon entering his room and all my worries disappear as he leaves no inch of my body undiscovered. He knows just where and how to touch me to make me fall apart with ease and I give myself to him anyway he wants, willingly letting him have all of me. As we snuggle together, sated and spent, he traces the outline of each butterfly from my shoulder to my thigh. “It’s stunning,” he breathes in my ear, the warmth of his breath making me shiver. He pulls the comforter over us and tangles himself with me. “Do I need to get you a dress?” he murmurs.
“A dress?” I ask, confused.
“For the wedding tomorrow.”
My breath hitches and I swallow a lump of air. I vaguely remember something about a wedding being mentioned in the height of our passion.
“What?” I croak.
“I asked you to come with me, Clara, you said yes.” He sounds slightly irritated.
“I thought you meant come with you. You asked while you were doing things to me.” I blush a little at the memory.
“You knew exactly what I was asking,” he clips. “You agreed and you’ll come.”
I roll away from his fatherly tone and sit up.
“You’re not the boss of me, Dom. I don’t like your attitude,” I snip, reaching around the floor for my clothes.
“Where the hell do you think you’re going?” he asks, his tone now panicked.
“To my hotel!” I wail.
“NO,” he barks.
“YES,” I retort, not phased by his tone.
“Clara, no. God, please don't go. Stay tonight.” He sounds frantic as his strong arm snags my waist and pulls me back to him. “Stay with me,” he whispers in my ear tenderly. I’m a goner because I know I can’t say no to him. Worse, I don't want to. I don’t want to leave, ever.
“Okay. I’ll stay.” I relax into his arms and enjoy the feeling of security they bring. “How big's this wedding?” I ask. He trails his fingers up and down my arm. It feels heavenly.
“Family and close friends only. I think about two hundred people,” he mumbles.
“Two hundred people is family and close friends?” I snort in disbelief.
“To my family, yes,” he replies.
“Mercy,” I breathe.
“Mercy?”
“Mercy. I give up. I’ll go,” I relent in a moment of utter submission and weakness. His arms squeeze tightly and he kisses the tender spot behind my ear.
“Thank you,” he whispers. I sigh and let myself succumb to the exhaustion of hours of lovemaking. The last thing I hear before I drift off is Dom’s deep voice whisper, “You’re amazing,” as his hand finally stills, resting flat on my belly.
* * * * *
Light filters through the curtains as my phone vibrates off the side table. Without opening my eyes I fumble for it but as I reach down I’m hauled back across the bed into Dom’s strong arms.
“Morning.” He smiles at me.
“Good morning to you,” I flirt. He shakes his head at me, grinning. “What?” I ask.
“I’ve waited a long time, four months almost, to have this happen.”
“Have what happen?” I ask suggestively.
“To wake up with you, Clara.” He leans in and brushes a feather light kiss across my lips. “To spend the night with you,” he breathes in my ear while nipping at it.
“If you wake me up and I don't get angry you must be pretty effing special. I hate waking up,” I say. A hot flush breaks out across my chest as he kisses a path down my neck.
“We don't have time for this.” He stops at my collarbone and I whine in protest.
“Why not?” I ask, running my hands along all the hard ridges of his torso.
“We have to find you a dress and the wedding is in four hours.”
I pout and relax back into the pillow.
“Fine.”
“Don't look at me like that. We’ll have plenty of time for fun later.” He winks and smacks my thigh playfully.
“I don’t want to alarm you,” I say, sitting up and straddling him, “but you may have unleashed a monster last night.” He hardens at my opening. “An insatiable monster.” I breathe into his mouth as I kiss him. With ease he lifts my hips and slides me down on him while I wrap my legs around his back. He stands and crashes my back into the wall opposite the bed as he stays deep and swivels his hips. My head dips back hitting the wall and my eyes close as he quickly brings me racing towards release. Suckling and kissing my exposed throat he drives deep, skidding me up the wall some and stays planted while he rotates his hips. My muscles clench, my breath catches, and, gripping my hips to steady me, he rolls up and nips my neck before my orgasm rips through me at an alarming rate. He finishes just after me and carries me to the bed, setting me down carefully and slowly pulling out. “Will that hold you over, my dear?” he teases.
“Mmmhmm,” I sigh and watch his amazing naked body saunter to the bathroom for a shower. I grab my phone and check my messages.

Amanda: Are you ok?
Marg: Dom the Dominator huh? I was hot just watching you two dance!

I text Amanda and Marg back letting them know what's up and that I’m the worst friend ever for missing almost all of girls’ weekend and decide to leave it that.
Weddings & Lies
Pulling up to the chapel, I’m a bundle of nerves. Dom holds my hand and rubs his thumb soothingly over my knuckles, but it does little to calm me. “Will this make the news?” My voice cracks a little, giving away my fear.
“It may. The society pages eat this stuff up.”
“I can't do this,” I breathe.
“Clara, relax. It’s just a wedding. You look stunning and I’ve instructed my publicist to keep your photo from appearing in print.”
“Easier said than done,” I mutter. Exiting the limo, Dom escorts me inside. The chapel is lavishly decorated, flowers are bursting everywhere and everyone is dressed like they’re attending the Grammys. Dom’s hand guides me by the small of my back through the crowd to our pew. I scan every face that passes us, looking for recognition, but find none and start to relax. Dom’s cousin Henry stands at the front of the church looking excited and dapper in his tux. When Dom had come into the bathroom to fetch me he took my breath away. His tuxedo, tailored just for him, fit perfectly and the smile he’d beamed at me was dazzling. Within a few moments the chatter quiets and the music starts.

Six bridesmaids in stunning navy gowns gracefully float down the aisle before the bride makes her last walk as a single lady. Her dress is amazing and clings to her figure and I wonder if I’ve ever witnessed such a beautiful person before. Their vows start and end and as the preacher says, “You may kiss the bride,” Henry lifts her veil and kisses her passionately. Flashes go off and people clap and holler as they make their way down the aisle as husband and wife. As the couple passes us I get a clear look at her face and for a moment think she looks vaguely familiar. The feeling and sensation passes as quickly as it came on and I convince myself I’m being paranoid.

We reach the reception thirty minutes later. Dom introduces me to his parents--who couldn't care less about making my no-name acquaintance--his aunt and uncle and some other business associates. Slipping into a role I thought I’d long forgotten, I schmooze along with him, speaking when spoken to, and providing a pleasing view for his friends. My shoulders ache from holding my posture so rigid for the last hour. Dom hands a glass of wine to me and whispers in my ear, “Just be yourself.” I smirk at his comment as I throw my head back and let entire glass of wine rush down my throat.
“Easy, Clara,” he warns.
“I just needed to take the edge off,” I claim.

We sit at a table with some friends of his from Princeton for the four-course dinner, and like the other three women at the table I say little as the men dominate the conversation with business chatter. People stop by to chat with Dom here and there and I don’t miss the snotty looks I get. One woman even made a crack about how trashy tattoos were, having clearly seen I had one. I’d opened my mouth to give her a piece of my mind but then snapped it shut, not wanting to embarrass Dom who ignored the comment. By the time the music started I was more than ready for a break and practically begged Dominic to dance with me. That's another thing--I was instructed to not call him Dom tonight. It had irked me but I had acquiesced, slipping only once at the beginning of the evening. He takes my hand gently and leads me to the dance floor as a traditional waltz starts. I place my arm on his bicep as his hand comes to the small of my back. My other hand rests in his and he looks surprised that I know what to do. He glides us effortlessly around the floor and the steps rush back to me, making it easy to keep up. His grin screams pride as he looks at me but all I feel is fake. Being here in this situation, on his arm, is stressful for me. It’s a minor glimpse into the future if we were to have one and it makes me sad because I know wholeheartedly that I hate this kind of scene.

Of course I can act the part, and pretty damn well for being out of the game for nine years, but it leaves a sick feeling in the pit of my stomach; this isn't me. We continue dancing to the next song which calls for the fox trot and as it comes to a close Dom’s eyes cloud over when he looks at me.
“What's wrong?” he asks, clearly perplexed. I sigh and shake my head.
“Nothing. Everything’s wonderful.”
Apparently he can see right through my mask. He frowns at me and leads us off the dance floor. He gets me another glass of wine and we sit at our table with our drinks and chat quietly.
“You look miserable, Clara,” he states.
“I...it's not you. It's this,” I say, looking around the grand ballroom. “I have to be someone else...pretend...be fake. And honestly it makes me ill. This isn't who I am,” I explain. He holds my gaze as he digests my words.
“I didn't realize it affected you so much. You blend right in.”
I’m not sure if that’s a compliment or not but I let it go.
“I had training and practice,” I say in a deadpan tone.
“Yes. Apparently,” he grimaces. The band plays a more popular slow song. “Care to dance, Ms. Lord?” He extends his hand to me. I nod, take his hand, and follow him gracefully to the dance floor again. Holding me close, I rest my head on his chest and let him move us languidly around the dance floor. This is nice. This is real. He holds me possessively and brushes his thumb back and forth at the base of my spine. I sigh with contentment at our fleeting moment of truth amid all the lies surrounding us.
“One more,” I whisper at the start of the next song. He squeezes me tight.
“Anything for my, Clara.” I smile into his chest at the endearment and enjoy the dance.
“Can I get you something else?” he asks on our way back to the table. I nod and release his hand so he can go to the bar. Collapsing into my seat rather ungracefully, I blow out a breath, sending my bangs flying. Dominic appears, drink in hand, moments later as a small crowd of guests shuffles by.
“Jade? Jade McQueen, is that you?” The bride herself stops and scrutinizes my face in disbelief. My heart pounds frantically in my chest, so loud I’m sure they can hear it, as I stare up at Alexandria Macworth in horror. Unable to form words, I remain seated and silent as she stares at me, wide-eyed.
“Daniel! Daniel dear, come here!” she shouts through the crowd. My blood runs cold as his name leaves her lips. How could I have forgotten her? We'd met at a Harvard mixer when Daniel and I first began dating. My survival instinct kicks in and without hesitation I stand from my seat, preparing to leave, causing as little damage as possible.
“Alexandria, you're stunning. I hate to run but I must leave.” I don't even sound like myself as the words exit my mouth. Alexandria stares, gaping at my rudeness. Dominic stands next to me looking completely befuddled and worried and I know what I’m about to do is going to piss him off royally.
“Dominic. It’s been lovely,” I say and kiss his cheek. I turn to exit, prepared to sprint if necessary, and get three steps away before he snags my arm. Spinning around I hiss at him: “Let me go.”
I watch as Daniel arrives at Alexandria’s side. His eyes bug out when she says my name and he moves to peer around Dominic. It’s too late to run so I step into Dominic’s arms and bury my face in his neck. I can't stop the shaking and I’m on the verge of hyperventilating. “Dom, please get me out of here,” I plead wildly. Daniel claps Dom on the back.
“Dominic, who’s your date?”
My body shudders involuntarily at the sound of his voice before I go rigid. Sensing my fear, Dom’s arms wrap around me protectively and I bury my face deeper into his neck and squeeze myself tightly to him wishing I could literally morph into his body to disappear.
“Daniel,” he greets. “I’m sorry but I think Ms. Lord’s had too much to drink. I should get her home.” Gallantly scooping me into his arms bridal style, he carries me outside, only setting me down to call the car. I remain face-planted in his chest and quiet.
“We're alone, Clara.” His tone has an edge to it.
Reluctantly I pull away and look up at him. “Care to explain?” he asks, irritated.
My shoulders slump as I exhale. One night in his world and my carefully crafted life is about to shatter at my feet. “Not really,” I reply as the adrenaline of seeing Daniel dissipates and tears begin streaming down my impeccably made-up face.
By the time we're in the car I'm sobbing uncontrollably. Dom sits in silence next to me, waiting for answers, when all I want are his arms to comfort me. I get no comfort though. I embarrassed him in front of his peers; I know the game he plays and being embarrassed is a definite strike. Gathering myself up, I wipe my eyes dry and look at him. His jaw is taut and his teeth are clenched. I sigh, realizing that no matter how much I want him to be different, he's not. He may be kinder than Daniel but beyond that their breeding dictates their actions. It’s ingrained in them.
“Driver. Please bring me to the airport,” I call through the intercom.
“Clara!” Dom barks.
I sniffle and wipe my eyes. “I need to get home,” I plead quietly. He stares at me a long while.
“We’ll take my plane,” Dom says softly and touches my knee. It doesn't feel good or special anymore. I’m too tired to argue so I nod in agreement and stare out the window.
* * * * *
“We’re here.” I’m gently shaken awake. Rubbing my eyes, I sit up and stretch. I follow Dom’s lead, exiting the plane and hop into the waiting car. The second the driver pulls onto the road I drift back to sleep, completely drained. The smell of bacon wakes me up. I’m in my bed at home. I have no recollection of getting here but I am and I’m alone. I breathe a sigh of relief at the familiar surroundings and hop out of bed to find Sawyer.

“What happened?” Sawyer growls in the kitchen.
“She came to a wedding with me, the bride recognized her and called her Jade McQueen.” Dom’s voice fills the kitchen. Shit. Shit, shit, shit.
“So?” Sawyer sounds pissed but curious.
“She flipped out. The bride seemed sure though and called over our friend Daniel, I assume because he knew her as well. I’ve never smelled fear before but I understand the saying now. Clara was terrified of him. She clung to me like a two-year-old.”
I peek around the corner. Sawyer’s jaw is clenched, his knuckles white as he grips the countertop.
“Daniel who?” he grits out. This is bad.
“Daniel Hollingsworth. Why?”
“God dammit!” Sawyer roars. Allie sneaks up behind me and pokes my back, making me jump.
“Alliecat. Hi. Morning, love,” I squeeze her to me.
“Why’s Sawyer yelling?” she asks curiously.
“Don’t worry about it, babe. It’s okay,” I soothe as we step around the corner into the kitchen. Both men eye me carefully. “Morning boys,” I greet them.
“Alliecat, breakfast's ready,” Sawyer says and calms himself, knowing the conversation's over, what with Allie here. The tension in the room is suffocating though and I’m sure Allie notices.
“Mr. Napoli! Hi!” Allie squeals, noticing him. He chuckles and wishes her a good morning. Dom looks tired. I wonder if he slept at all last night and where he slept. Sawyer moves around the counter and tugs my arm, wanting me to follow him.
“Allie, come eat with me,” Dom offers and Allie is all too happy to oblige. I follow Sawyer to my room and shut the door.
“Did he see you?” The vein in Sawyers neck is bulging and I can’t stop looking at it.
“I don’t think so,” I admit.
“Damnit Clara!” he barks.
“I know! I’m sorry.” And I am. I let my guard down in a momentary lapse of judgment and it almost ruined everything. Everything.
“You went to a wedding with him?” He changes the subject, looking like I just killed his puppy.
“Yes,” I answer so quietly I can barely hear it myself. He shakes his head and his expression turns hard.
“I can’t do this,” he says and my panic flares at his tone.
“Do what Sawyer?” I push, hoping he isn’t about to say what I know he is.
“This....” he gestures between us. “You and me. I love you, Clara. I know you know. Every time things get good for us you stomp all over it. My heart...” His voice cracks and I want to reach out and comfort him but I don't. “It can’t take it anymore. You’re either all in or out completely. Choose. I’ve let you string me along for years and it has to stop.” His tone has finality to it like I’ve never heard before and it scares me. I can’t lose him. It would crush me. It would crush Allie. How am I supposed to choose between these men? Sawyer is my family and I do love him but Dominic consumes my heart in ways Sawyer can't and I don’t know why yet. I need them both but I don't know how to stop this tug of war in my heart.
“I’m all in Sawyer,” I blurt before I can think better of it.
“All in huh?” Dom’s voice is low and full of disappointment. My heart cracks in my chest and freezes, refusing to pump. “Dom,” I croak, my eyes pleading with his to understand.
“Enough.” He holds a hand up, silencing me. “I’m done,” he murmurs before stepping into the hall and disappearing. Sawyer stares at me, waiting for my reaction but I won't let there be one. I have to let Dominic Napoli go, it’s the only logical choice. I wait until Sawyer leaves the room to break down and I do it quietly so he won’t hear me.
Reckless
I’m definitely in a funk. Ever since the wedding I've been paranoid and have become hyper vigilant about being aware of my surroundings and who might be lurking around. Dom has not sent flowers, he’s not called, and he hasn't made his final appointment for his tattoo. Things between Sawyer and I are strained at best. I’ve hurt him too many times and we both know I chose him for the wrong reasons. He’s distant and moody, like me, and I can't bridge the gap between us. It’s terrifying.

To think that in mere months I’ve lost two men I love seems impossible, yet here I am, living with one who loves me for me and my daughter, too, and pining for the other, who doesn't fit into my world at all. Even my Wednesdays at the school with the chorus kids don't brighten my spirit lately. I’ve officially fucked myself. True to Dom's word, no pictures from the wedding surfaced of me and my name wasn’t mentioned. It must have been his last act of generosity towards me because there were definitely lots of flashes going off that evening. I silently stalk him once in a while on the internet, checking out pictures from various functions he attends then quickly delete my internet history because I’m sure Sawyer would be pissed. Sometimes I open the jewelry box and let my fingers graze the diamond butterfly pendant while memories flood my mind.

I’ve been restless. My days consist of going to work, being a mom, directing the chorus, and more work. Our age-old routine seems dull and boring lately. June feels like a lifetime ago. Everything's as it should be. We both go to work. We have dinner as a family, we help Allie with her homework, and attend school functions together. I couldn't want anything more out of family life. I shouldn’t want anything more. This is what I’ve strived for. Sawyer’s considerate of my wants and needs. He adores Allie and he is definitely affectionate and thoughtful. Still, everything feels wrong, off...fake. And it’s my fault. I furiously clean the shop or the house to keep my mind from dwelling too much on the choice I’ve made because I should be happy with it. For Allie and Sawyer, I have to be happy with it.
“Clara. Come sit,” Sawyer calls. I scrub the stain on the countertop a little harder.
“In a minute,” I mumble as I continue scrubbing vigorously.
“Clara,” he calls again a few moments later. I ignore him and continue my chore.
“Goddammit. Stop cleaning!” His hand covers mine, stilling my movements. “Just chill out,” he says softly. He tugs me away from the kitchen so I follow him to the living room and try not to fidget as we snuggle and watch some TV together.
“What’s going on?” he asks.
“Nothing,” I say a little too brightly.
“You’ve been cleaning non-stop for weeks...and you don't clean,” he says knowingly. I grumble under my breath at his stupid observation.
“Spring cleaning?”
“Clara. You’re restless,” he states.
“I’m fine. I definitely not restless,” I fire back indignantly.
“You’re unhappy,” he says flatly. “With me.”
“Sawyer, I love you. Don’t push this,” I say rather defensively. He sighs before turning off the TV and standing.
“I don't know what to do to fix us,” he exhales dejectedly and walks away. Well, shit, him and me both. I listen as his footsteps stomp up the stairs and his door opens and closes. God help me because I’ve seriously screwed up. I’m not sure there is a fix this time.

And that’s how, eight months after swearing to Sawyer that I’m all in, I’m currently thirty thousand feet in the air on my way to Miami. I left him a note saying that I needed a week to think things through. I’d kissed Allie in the middle of the night, set the note on the counter for him, and caught a red-eye flight. Impulsive, YES. Irresponsible, SURE. Necessary, PROBABLY. Going to end badly, most likely. Does any of that matter to me? No. I decided that I can't please everyone so this week my only goal is to please me. I’m a selfish cow but I can’t seem to help it.

I check into the Hilton, toss my shit on the bed, turn my phone off, and crash for a solid eight hours. After waking and lazily lying in bed for another hour, okay, two, it's three in the afternoon on Friday and I'm starving. I order room service and rent a movie to occupy my time while I debate whether or not I can actually go through with my plan. Deux opens at nine. I have no idea if Dominic will be there then but the rags reported he'd be in Miami this week so I assume it’s for work. If I go and if he's there...then what? Will he talk to me or throw me out? What if he's there with someone else? Do I have the balls to approach him? The questions swirl in my head and make me dizzy as I try to imagine every possible outcome and prepare for them all. At eight I shower and dress. My brown hair is now a deep purple. It looks black mostly but in natural light or the dim lights of a club it glows a sort of eggplant color. I twist it into buns above my ears and slip into the backless black dress I brought before slipping my red cowboy boots on. After lining my eyes with kohl, applying mascara and coating my lips with cherry lip gloss, it's just after nine. I stare at my reflection for a long time before deciding I look good enough. Snatching my clutch from the counter I head out. As I make my way through the lobby my phone chirps it’s text message alert.

Amanda: Where R U?
Why?
Amanda: Sawyer’s going ballistic
I needed some time away to think
Amanda: CLARA
I know!
Amanda: Sort your shit out and get home
Trying
Amanda: You know I love you
I know, thx.

The line to get in is already long and instantly I'm irritated. If I don't get in soon I'll lose my nerve. After mentally kicking myself a hundred times and almost jumping out of line twice I'm next to get in. The bouncer smiles seductively at me and I coyly wink and bat my lashes in return. Like magic he unclips the rope and ushers me inside. Sometimes having a vagina is a good thing.
The bass vibrates the floor and lights strobe rhythmically with the music. Deux is two floors and huge. A shot girl stops next to me. "Want one?" she shouts, gesturing to tubes of liquids in various colors.
"Three!" I shout back. I hand her thirty bucks and tell her to keep the change. They are sticky sweet and just strong enough to take the edge off. I shoot all three in succession and set the empty tubes on a vacant table. Leaning against the wall I scan the club. No Dominic. I head upstairs and find an empty corner to stand in as I search for the tall, dark man who consumes my dreams and drives me insane. The only place I can’t make out is the VIP lounge. Another shot girl saunters by and I grab three more shots of liquid courage from her. Skrillex blares from the speakers. I close my eyes for a moment as my buzz starts to take hold of me. Opening my eyes, I keep them trained on the VIP entrance and move to the middle of the dance floor. No reason I can’t enjoy myself while I'm here. I feel pleasantly loose as I start swaying my hips, bouncing and dipping to the music. Daft Punk comes on and I let the music take over completely, arms in the air, hips rolling, ass shaking and a shit-eating grin on my face. A few different men try to dance with me but I twirl away from them, content in my little bubble of release.

A chill rushes through me and I stop dancing and turn in a circle slowly looking for him. I can feel his eyes on me. I don’t know how but I know he's watching. After finding nothing I shake off the feeling and start dancing again. The song cuts off abruptly and Alex Clare's “Too Close” starts. Odd choice for club music but I stay on the floor and dance anyways, I love this song. People, not liking the song choice, filter off the dance floor until there's only a small crowd left. I tag two more tubes from a passing girl, down them, and hand the empty tubes back to her. The song’s ending morphs into “Seven Devils” and that chill rips through me again. As I dance in a circle I freeze, rooted to the floor, as my eyes crash into Dom's. He stands forty feet away, smirking, on the VIP stairs, looking dashing as always. I grin back and start dancing like the women who performed for us on his yacht slowly, deliberately, and seductively just for him. The rest of the club ceases to exist as I move for him. He does not approach me and I don’t move towards him. I let him watch from afar. People start crowding the floor as I move. Men are whooping at me and making lewd gestures but I ignore them all, focusing only on the face of the man I came to see. I want him to want me. I want him to choose me, forgive me, love me. As the song rolls to a close a stunning blonde, immaculately dressed, appears at Dominic's side. I stop moving and watch as his grin widens at me before he twists, grips her at the nape of the neck, and kisses her hard. My stomach drops and before their kiss ends I'm downstairs and running for the exit.
I push through the crowd, blow past the bouncer and sprint down the sidewalk, not slowing until I'm a block away. I refuse to cry. My eyes well with tears but I sniffle them all back. I'm buzzed and amped up with too much emotion so I wander around South Beach for a while until I can't walk any further. Collapsing on the beach, I watch the vast ocean before me ripple and lap the sand at my feet while I throw myself the pity party of all pity parties until well after two in the morning. Exhausted and dejected I schlep back to the Hilton, close the blinds, strip off my dress, crawl under the covers, and pass out.

Heat spreads slowly from between my legs out through my limbs, kindling a fire low in my belly. The rough hands feel so good as they rub my flushed skin. "Do you want this?"
"Yes," I murmur sleepily. Hands slide along my body fondling me. It feels incredible. My legs spread and warmth slides in and out of me. Moaning, I will myself to open my eyes and snap out of the all-too-familiar dream but I can't. My skin tingles with pleasure. He smells so good. It feels so good, so real. Gently he makes love to me until I shatter around him. Crying out my name as he comes I moan with pleasure. "I love you, Dom," I mumble in my sleep.

Sunlight rapes my eyes and makes my hangover feel twice as intense. Squinting, I slowly open my eyes. "What the shit," I grumble at the wide open blinds. "I know I closed those..." I continue talking to myself. Groaning, I roll out of bed and violently close the curtains. I crawl back in bed and yank the covers over me. Drifting back to sleep my heart leaps out of my chest. I throw the blankets off me and gasp. I'm in nothing but a men's white tee shirt. I scan the room frantically. My dress is crumpled on the floor where I shed it. My boots haphazardly strewn near the door. The underwear I know I went to bed wearing are on the floor next to the bed. Folded neatly on the desk is a sweatshirt...a Princeton sweatshirt. I gape at the scene before me realizing that Dominic was here, in my room. I didn’t dream it...it happened. Holy shit. Holy fuckity fuck.

I stumble out of bed to the sweatshirt. A note card rests next to it, reading: “Brunch. 10. Downstairs.” I twist around to the alarm clock. It's nine-thirty. I skip the shower, choosing instead to quickly wash my face, brush my teeth and hair, and tug on the sweatshirt and a jean skirt. Sliding on flip flops I grab my clutch and dart out the door at ten. I rush into the restaurant and scan the room for him. The host appears out of nowhere, startling me. "Meeting someone?"
"Uh...I...maybe...yes, Dominic Napoli." I fumble with my words, still scanning the room.
"Ms. Lord?” He smiles and I nod. “We're expecting you...this way." He ushers me to a table at the window. An empty table.
"Mr. Napoli said to order whatever suits you." He drops a menu in front of me and walks away.
"What are you up to Dom?" I grumble to myself before slamming my forehead on the table in frustration. I order brunch hoping that Dom will arrive at some point. I force myself to eat slowly giving him more time to arrive but by the time I’m done it’s nearing eleven-thirty and he’s nowhere to be found. Giving up, I flag the waiter down and ask for the check.
“Mr. Napoli’s taken care of it,” she says with a smile. I give her a weak one back and leave. Deciding I can’t stand to just sit in my room, I figure maybe I should check out South Beach during daylight hours. The sidewalks are bustling with people of all walks of life. Restaurants are full and music spills out into the streets but it does nothing to take my mind off last night. How did he get into my room and why did he bother after purposely making a fool out of me. I prepared for every imaginable scenario but the one that happened. Overheating in his sweatshirt I pop into a boutique and pick out the hottest little bikini I think I can pull off. I change into it in the dressing room, leave his sweatshirt on the dressing room bench, and bring the tags to the register to pay. It’s sunny and almost eighty degrees out, and I feel much cooler in the bikini and jean skirt as I walk further down the strip. I eventually settle on the beach, unable to ignore the lure of the ocean any longer. I shimmy out of my skirt, lay it flat and pile my clutch and flip flops on top of it before lying down on my back in the warm sand and letting myself enjoy the sunshine. Hell, maybe I’ll even get a little tan.

I arrive back to my room at four with a healthy glow from the sun I soaked up on the beach. I drop my stuff on the floor and scoot to the bathroom to relieve myself. As I'm headed to the bed I notice there’s a large white box on the dresser. I slide the card out from under the ribbon and read, “Up for round two? Lobby. Eight. Enclosed is everything you’ll need.”
I tear the ribbon from the box and pull the lid off to reveal an elegant navy blue floor-length gown, lingerie, strappy heels to match, and a clutch. What the hell is he up to? I slump down the bed next to the box and wonder if I really am up for round two, given that round one seriously caught me off guard. What will two bring? I shove the box to the floor and click on the TV. I don’t want to play games.
I order a light dinner at six and have it delivered to my room. While eating it I kick the box as if that will make me feel better but it doesn't. I don't understand what he’s doing but it’s irritating me. At seven, curiosity gets the better of me and I stand at the bathroom mirror and start applying a coat of flawless make-up. I dress at seven forty-five, skipping the heels and instead donning my cowboy boots. The gown barely grazes the floor and accentuates my curves in the best way possible. Tucking my hair behind my ears I give myself a once-over and silently repeat my rules. No touching Dominic tonight. If he wants to play then he will at least have to play by my rules.
I tuck what I need into the clutch and head to the lobby at five past eight, not caring that I’ve missed his deadline. I feel ridiculous this dressed-up, standing alone, looking like a chump amid the hustle and bustle of the Hilton lobby, but I don’t know what I’m supposed to do now that I’m here. A man in a black suit approaches me.
“Ms. Lord?” he asks with a little smile.
“Yes.”
“I’m Dean, your driver tonight.” He extends an arm to me and I willingly take it and follow him to the car waiting outside. He ushers me into the car, closes my door for me, and hops into the front seat.
“Where are we going?” I ask.
“Miami Art Museum Ball,” he answers.
Drunk & Disorderly
Upon arrival, guests are greeted by the MAM Director. He shakes my hand lightly and wishes me a good evening. Cocktails and hors d'oeuvres make their way around the room while people bid on “Priceless Experiences” like an exclusive South Beach Wine and Food Festival package, a private Lebanese dinner at the Wahab home prepared by Susie Wahab, or a night for 24 at Magnum Lounge. I wander aimlessly looking for Dominic. I’ve all but given up when a hand comes to the small of my back and a deep voice says, “I’m pleased you could make it, Clara.” Taking a step away I turn to a tuxedo-clad Dominic.
“I don’t know why,” I retort dryly.
“Having a date makes these things more bearable.”
“Ah. So I’m to be arm candy tonight?” I whip back at him.
“If you don't mind.”
“And if I do?” I question, raising an eyebrow at him.
“You won't.” His arrogance makes me bristle.
“How is it you’re invited to an event for the arts?” I snap.
“MAM works closely with the community to develop and carry out the largest arts education program outside of the Miami-Dade County Public Schools system. I’m on the board of trustees,” he informs me. We’re interrupted by some guests wanting to speak with Dom. He introduces me politely and answers their questions before escorting me to the upper level.
“Are you enjoying yourself?” he asks as he pulls my chair out for me.
“The cocktails were great, if that counts,” I snort. He smirks and scoots me in to the table. Dinner is served in the upper-level gallery, which was transformed into a scene created by New Work Miami artist Emmett Moore, apparently known for his innovative experimentation between the fields of art and design, at least that’s what I’m told. Just before dinner is served Dom excuses himself from the table. Taking his place at the podium, he begins his speech. “Tonight we gather to honor and celebrate our significant shared history during this special year, our last at the Cultural Center,” Dominic addresses the attendees. His voice is smooth and confident and he looks powerful. “On behalf of the board of trustees, I would like to thank all of you, the museum’s long-time supporters and friends, who are here with us tonight. Let this year see another $700,000 raised for the museum’s public programming. Now please, enjoy dinner.” Applause rings out as Dominic leaves the podium and filters through the crowd back to my side. He leans in often, and I lean away. His hand brushes mine and I remove it from his reach. As people finish eating, many stop to chat with him and, always the gentleman, he introduces me, each time giving him an excuse to touch me which I’m forced to tolerate until his acquaintances leave.
“You’re awfully frigid tonight,” he says in a low voice.
“I don’t know what you mean, Dom.”
He takes my elbow and leads us to a quiet corner.
“It’s Dominic and you know exactly what I mean,” he growls. I tug my arm free from his grip and take a step back from him. If stress was a drug I would be high as a kite right now.
“You’re Dom to me. I don’t know what game you’re playing but if you want me to play along you’ll have to follow my rules,” I snip.
“What are these rules, Clara?” he plays along.
“There’s only one. I didn't want to overwhelm you...no touching,” I state firmly. He barks with laughter. “I’m sorry if you think that’s funny but I assure you it’s not a joke,” I hiss at him. His eyes grow dark and his jaw ticks.
“It’s in both our best interests, don't you think? We wouldn't want anyone doing unwanted things to me in my hotel room would we?” I say sweetly.
“Unwanted? Clara, you said yes,” he snaps at me.
“I was asleep alone in my locked hotel room!” I cry. His eyes dart around the room looking to see if anyone heard me. Grabbing me by the waist he moves us further away from the guests.
“Keep your voice down. I asked. You consented,” he snips.
“You broke in. I thought I was dreaming,” I exasperate and push out of his hold.
“You dream about me?” he smirks, looking satisfied.
“Often, and that’s exactly why there is no touching,” I admit. “I show up after eight months and you don't even extend me the courtesy of a conversation,” I seethe and put more distance between us.
“Courtesy? You think you deserve that? I think you deserve exactly what you got last night.” He prowls towards me slowly. He looks pissed. Scratch that, he looks flipping mad as hell. “I finally get you...bring you to a family function where you embarrass me and refuse to tell me why....I fly you home and sleep on your couch, endure the wrath of Sawyer and overhear you pick him after sleeping with me twenty-four hours earlier. I hardly think you deserve my courtesy.” He looks even angrier and continues towards me as I continue backing up.
“Well, when you put it like that...” I waiver.
“Tell me, Clara, why are you here?” he pushes.
“I...I’m miser....I needed to see you,” I finally manage as my back hits the wall. Dominic stops just shy of touching me and places both hands on the wall at either side of me. I feel trapped. “I was happy to find you but then you...kissed her...” I breathe.
“And then what happened?” he growls deep and low.
“I went back to my room,” I answer. He leans in closer to my face.
“And then...” he whispers.
“You came to me,” I breathe back.
“I came...to you,” he parrots.
“But you didn't wake me. You didn't stay. I don't understand why you’re doing this...I just wanted to talk to you, to figure things out,” I ramble, trying to avoid his eyes.
Tilting his head left, he brings his lips to my ear. “You hurt me.” His voice is so quiet I almost think I misheard but I didn't. His lips graze my ear in the process, making my body tingle and tremble simultaneously.
“I know,” I answer. Dom straightens suddenly and holds his elbow out to me.
“We need to network,” he says out of nowhere. His face is smooth and masked. I ignore his elbow, choosing to walk next to him unescorted instead. Before I look away I notice his hands ball into fists at my blatant disregard to social graces.

Following dinner we’re joined by Crash the Ball attendees, and are treated to a sea of desserts created by James Beard, and some nominated pastry chef Hedy Goldsmith. Guests dance under the stars to The Steve Chase Society, followed by DJ sets while the band breaks. I allow Dom to dance with me twice and if I’m honest I missed the feel of his arms swaying us so gracefully. A few men come to chat with him during the Crash the Ball portion of the evening and two of them ask if I’d like to dance. It’s impolite to not consult your date before answering but I don’t hesitate, saying yes to any of them, and I can see Dom’s black eyes shooting daggers at me while I’m led around the dance floor by other men, and I know he hates it. You can almost see the steam billowing from his ears.
“Who’s playing games now?” he grinds out when I’m escorted back to him.
“I came here to talk to you. Honestly. You’ve upset me, avoided me, and taken advantage of me in the span of two days. I’m not playing games now, I’m just trying to make the most of this heinously boring evening,” I answer flippantly. It’s well after midnight, my feet hurt and I’m tired. All I want to do is go home and sleep. Maybe tomorrow I’ll fly to New Orleans and finish my week out there. Clearly Dominic Napoli is a burned bridge. A bridge that I set fire to. Tears prick the back of my eyes and my heart feels like it’s cracking at the epiphany.
“I’d like to leave,” I say, trying to keep my voice from cracking. Dom stares at the dancing couples on the dance floor and says nothing. Sighing, I stand to leave, tucking my clutch under my arm. I lean down and place a chaste kiss on Dom’s cheek. “Goodnight,” I say softly. He makes no move to stand, escort me out, or even meet my eyes, so I turn and leave, alone.

Outside I wave the driver off and start walking the three miles back to the hotel. About a mile and a half into my walk it starts raining. Just great. The bleak weather seems fitting for my mindset and as the raindrops stream down my face I let silent tears accompany them. What was I thinking coming here? Of course Dominic would be mean and completely over me. Thoughts of Sawyer sitting at home with Allie assault me. I knew that our relationship would fizzle out just the same as it had before but I thought that being friends would be enough for me in the end. It’s not, and now I don't know what the hell to do. And Dominic...ugh. That relationship fizzled out before it even had a chance to start, really. I’ve made such a mess of everything and there’s no way to fix it now. I arrive in my room drenched. The gown is ruined and my face is streaked with make-up.
My eyes are red-rimmed and puffy from crying and basically I look as good as I feel. I let the gown drop to the bathroom floor, toe off my boots and crawl into bed wearing the ridiculous lingerie Dom provided me. I drift off wondering if Allie would like Santa Fe because I know when I get home Sawyer and I are done. We haven't lived there yet and it’s warm and sunny most of the time. I’d probably really like it there.

A pounding at the door startles me awake. Silence. Maybe I dreamed it. I close my eyes and the pounding starts again. I jump out of bed and look through the peephole before answering. Dominic sways in the hallway on the other side of the door. I twist around to the clock: three-thirty a.m. I suck in a deep breath, slide the chain lock open, and open the door just as Dom goes to pound on it again. His fist crashes into my forehead sending me tumbling backwards onto my ass as he stumbles through the doorway.
“Shit. Arrruok?” he slurs crouching down next to me. I groan my response still clutching my head. Damn that hurt. He pulls my hand away and grimaces. He didn't really clock me hard enough to leave a bruise and I didn't feel a bump so it must just be my puffy, tear-streaked face that’s making him cringe.
“What the shit, Dom!” I shout up at him while pushing myself to a seated position.
“I didn't mean to,” he sniggers.
“What’s so funny?”
“Yuurrr outfit. Werrruu expectinmee?” He is definitely drunk. He reaches out and touches the swell of my breast. Slapping his hand away I jump to my feet and move towards the bed.
“No,” I snip. “What are you doing here?”
“I need you,” he snivels.
“Please stop torturing me. Just go home, Dom,” I crow, mustering all the backbone I have left.
“No. Clara, I actually need you,” he groans and collapses to his back on the floor.
“For what?” I snap.
“Meeting...torrow....you impresss....” he trails off. I wait for him to finish but he doesn't.
“Dom?” I call. Nothing. I nudge him with my foot. “DOM!” I shout. Nope, nothing. He’s passed out on my hotel room floor.
Great. Just fucking great. I grab the extra light blanket from the shelf near the door and spread it over him after removing his shoes. Slipping a pillow under his head I smooth his thick black hair away from his face. He looks peaceful and more like his age when he sleeps. Vulnerable. His breathing is unsteady and shallow. He’s going to feel like crap tomorrow. What a goddamned shit show. Shaking my head, I crawl into bed and let the sound of his erratic breathing lull me back to sleep.
Favors
Slowly I ease myself off the bed, not wanting to wake Dom. At some point in the night he must have crawled in next to me. He’s facing away from me and we aren't touching, but I don't trust myself or him not to try anything if we wake up together in bed, so I silently tiptoe to the bathroom to brush my teeth and run a brush through my hair, before heading downstairs to get two coffees. I leave a glass of water and some Advil on the nightstand next to his sleeping form and head out.

There is a key card, not mine, lying on the floor next to my room door. That makes sense for how he got in the other night I guess. How he got a spare key I still don't know. I had been smart last night though and chained the door so even if he unlocked it he wouldn't have been able to open it more than an inch or so. Carefully balancing the coffees in one hand I slide the card in the door and wait for the green light and tell-tale click before pushing the handle down and using my hip to bump the door open. Dom is sitting up in bed waiting for me. He looks like death. Serves him right.

“Uh. Morning. Coffee?” I offer quietly.
“Thanks.” His extended hand grips the cup, taking it from me. Choosing to avoid the bed I sit in the desk chair near the window.
“Clara.” His voice is full of remorse. “I’m sorry about last night. I don't usually lose control like that.”
“So, what did you need Dom...you conveniently passed out before you could tell me,” I divert our conversation. He stares at me for a long moment before speaking.
“Thad Holder requested you. I need this merger to happen between our hotels. You danced with him. He said he would gladly discuss our transaction over lunch if you were present.” His tone is flat. It’s almost as if he’s annoyed by the fact that he’s asking me for something. I know my answer should be no but I want to spend time with him even after his asshole behavior last night.
“I must be a glutton for punishment,” I say. His head snaps up and he suddenly looks like a puppy waiting for a treat. “I'll go,” I add.
“We should go shopping then,” he states firmly. I bristle at the thought and shoot my best death glare at him.
“No, if you want me in your world you have to take me as I am. I’ll curb my filthy mouth but other than that I'm going to be me,” I push.
“I’ll take you anyway you are, Clara. I never wanted to change you,” he whispers. Sniggering, I can’t help but think that's a lie. “Bullshit. Dom. When we’re with your people you expect me to dress the part and act the part, you buy the clothes you deem appropriate, not what I would choose. You’ve never even let me shop for them. Besides that, I’m only to refer to you as Dominic because God forbid I call you Dom and someone takes that as a sign of weakness or something.” My voice drips with venom as I finish my spiel. Something sparks in his eyes but quickly disappears.
“Very well. Lunch is at the Yacht Club,” he answers. I’m slightly disappointed at his indifference to my accusations.
“Are you going to ask why I came? Why I’m here? Or do you really not care?” I spout out.
“I’m curious, yes, but I can’t care until you trust me,” he retorts, and suddenly the air feels like it’s been sucked from my lungs. Trust is elusive, at least in my experience.
“Trust hasn't gotten me far in the past,” I admit. His face goes soft with compassion for me.
“Tell me what happened, Clara.”
“I can’t,” I clip.
“Why not?” he asks, frustrated.
“Because I don't talk about my past. Ever,” I crow, irritated. “Why can't you just accept that?!”
“Because I want you!” he bellows. “I want you but obviously there’s more to the story than you just not liking the limelight or wealth. You were scared shitless at the wedding. I want to know why. What if I can help? You have to let me in, you have to trust me!” he roars with irritation.
“You can't, Dom. You can't help, you can't change it. It is what it is and I’m okay with it. I’ve been okay with it...until you,” I admit.
“Why’d you come back then?”
“I...I needed to know for certain. I missed you. I dream about you. I’m miserable with Sawyer and I needed to know if we could be something,” I say honestly. For once.
“Something in your world, right? We date, we fall in love, but you stay conveniently out of my social circle? Is that it?” he bites out.
“I don't know. Yes! I guess that's exactly it. I want you,” I stammer. He slinks off the bed and strides to where I sit. Taking my face between his hands he kneels in front of me. Heat, passion, and hurt swirl in his eyes. “Will you give me a chance to actually be in your life this time?” he murmurs as I try to ignore his breath hitting my mouth, warm and coffee-scented.
“Yes,” I breathe. Smiling, he leans in and captures my lips with his. It’s a sweet, gentle kiss. Pulling me even closer so our bodies are pressed against each other, his hands keep my face anchored in place as he kisses me passionately. I never want this kiss to end. Ever. As soon as the thought enters my mind he pulls away, grinning. “When do you leave?” he asks as the pads of his thumbs stroke my cheeks lovingly. It feels nice, right.
“Wednesday morning,” I mumble still slightly delirious from his kiss.
“Good. I’ll clear my schedule Monday and Tuesday. I want to show you something.” He smiles warmly at me.
“Ah. Okay,” I answer nervously.
“Calm down, Clara, you’ll like this,” he promises before standing and making his way to the bathroom. He stops in the door frame and looks me up and down. “Care to join me?” His voice is husky and low. Oh man, I’m a goner. I stand, saunter to him, and let him tug me into the bathroom with him to shower.

I pull the chain over my head and let the butterfly pendant rest at the swell of my breasts. It sparkles against the emerald green off-the-shoulder shirt I’m wearing. I shimmy into white capri pants, tousle my hair, and slip into my favorite three-inch strappy heels. A low whistle rings out through the room as I exit the bathroom.
“You look stunning,” Dom praises.
“Thanks, you’re not so bad yourself,” I wink after admiring his business casual attire. His khakis hang on him perfectly and he’s wearing a crisp, white button down shirt with the top two buttons undone. I chuckle to myself, he almost looks relaxed. Then I wonder if he truly is ever relaxed and that makes me wonder if he can ever just let loose and be himself. I shake all my ridiculous thoughts away as he kisses me behind my ear and ushers us out of my room.

The dining room at the club is large. One wall consists solely of glass doors that are all open, letting the ocean breeze blow in. Dom walks us past a series of large open flame fire pits on the way to our table. Thad stands when we arrive and pulls out my chair for me.
“Nice to see you again, Mr. Holder,” I smile at him.
“Clara! My breath of fresh air,” he exclaims as he and Dom sit. I stare at him questioningly. “My dear, do you have any idea how wonderful it is to see a purple-haired, tattooed woman wandering around an event looking stunning these days?” he winks.
“Ah. I suppose it doesn't happen often.”
He snorts at my answer.
“Never is more like it. Dominic here is a lucky man. You carry yourself like a lady but have attitude and spunk. I like it. I quite enjoyed our dance. What better way to liven up a boring business lunch than have you here.” He laughs and pats my hand.
“I’m honored. That’s quite the compliment,” I chuckle. This guy is a hoot. We chat companionably while ordering and waiting for our food to arrive. Once lunch arrives the chatter dulls as we begin to eat. The sandwich I ordered is heavenly but thick. After chewing one bite for what feels like an eternity I finally manage to swallow the thick bread. I take a sip of my water to help wash it down.
“Thad, I need this merger to happen. I’m willing to buy out your hotels at above market value,” Dom pushes. He’s so domineering and straightforward when he talks business. It’s a total turn-on to watch.
“What exactly is above market value, Dominic?”
“Seventy-five million,” he says firmly and I nearly choke on my water. Grabbing my napkin, I cover my mouth as I sputter and cough.
“Clara, dear, are you all right?” Thad asks, concerned. Dom’s hand shoots out and tucks a stray hair behind my ear and lifts my chin with his finger to meet his eyes.
“Clara?” he says softly.
“Sorry. Excuse me. Wrong pipe,” I wheeze out with a smile. “How many hotels do you have, Mr. Holder?” I ask trying to draw the attention back to the conversation at hand.
“Thad, please. I own three luxury hotels, not a chain. Each one is vastly different from the next but they all define luxury,” he states proudly.
“Why are you selling?” I inquire. I ignore the hard look Dom shoots at me.
“Not that you would know, my dear, but even just three hotels take an obscene amount of time to run and run smoothly.” He glances to Dom. “I don't know how Dominic does it, overseeing more than four hundred hotels. It’s a wonder he has any downtime at all.”
“I have people to help with that. The clubs are where I put most of my time in,” he answers casually.
“So you’re retiring?” I ask Thad.
“No. Merely taking a breather before my next big adventure,” he laughs.
“Wow. Sounds exciting.”
“Dominic, why don't you whisk her away for a stay at one of the hotels?” He winks at me. God, this man needs to stop winking. He’d be a pretty interesting guy if it wasn't for that unusual winking tick he seems to have.
“I’m not sure Clara’s the type who wants to be whisked away,” Dom says and raises an eyebrow at me playfully.
“I work. A lot. But occasionally I enjoy a nice vacation,” I answer.
“What is that you do?” Thad asks.
“I own a tattoo parlor, I’m a tattoo artist.” There it is, out in the open in Dom’s world. I wait for his death glare to come but it doesn't. He looks maybe even proud. The clap of Thad’s hands brings me out of my thoughts.
“That’s wonderful! How interesting,” he excites.
“Thank you,” I mumble. The men continue on with their negotiations until almost two in the afternoon.
“I’ll talk to Charlie and get back to you. Speaking of Charlie, has the rumor mill reached you yet?” Thad asks Dom and I’m instantly intrigued.
“No, what is it this time?” His eyes dart to me nervously but I can’t imagine why. I don't know who they’re talking about.
“Well if anyone knows how to land in the center of attention, the Hollingsworth’s are it. People are saying that Daniel saw the family ring-pawning tart at some wedding. You know...the ex-fiancée that disappeared years ago. Charlie is up in arms about it, demanding that Daniel find her and the ring.” Thad sets his napkin on the table as my blood runs cold. I struggle to keep my breathing even and calm. “It caused quite a stir. Alexandria was completely bent out of shape that the little tart stole her moment in the spotlight and ruined her wedding.” He laughs and shakes his head. Dom’s hand rests on my thigh under the table and squeezes. I sit stone-still, willing my body to disappear into the scenery. I can actually feel myself paling as they keep talking. Ruined her wedding? Please. As if. But Charlie...why would he be all over Daniel about me?
“I was at that wedding. Alexandria married my cousin. I didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary. Maybe Daniel is just trying to gain his father's attention. You know that one... always causing trouble. The senator would rather adopt a new child than leave his empire to his only son.” Dom’s tone has a biting edge to it.
“Truer words have never been spoken. If Charlie was smart he would have knocked up one of his concubines and brought that child into the fold years ago.” Both men laugh wildly at Thad’s joke as I push the bile rising in my throat back down. Charlie hates Daniel? When did that happen? He was being groomed to replace his father his whole life. Would Charlie really accept a bastard child to replace Daniel? My mind whirls with questions and I feel light-headed and dizzy. Thad’s hand clamps on my shoulder and I jump slightly.
“It was lovely seeing you. Thank you for brightening this boring old man’s lunch.” He picks up my hand and kisses the inside of my wrist lightly. It’s an overtly intimate gesture and I can hear Dominic’s low growl as he takes it all in.
“Dominic. Always a pleasure. I’ll be in touch.” He shakes Dom’s hand and gracefully walks out of the dining room.
“I’m sorry, Clara,” he offers and stands, pulling out my chair for me.
“What does Charlie have to do with Thad?” I ask, still stunned from information overload.
“Charlie backed the hotels when Thad started them. Before he sells he’ll want to talk to Charlie about who’s buying them. Charlie will want to be sure that he’s not losing his investment,” he states plainly.
“Oh,” I breathe. “Let’s get out of here.” Dom nods and escorts me back to his car.

The ride back to the hotel is silent. I can’t get their conversation out of my head. Charlie hates Daniel. Daniel must be desperate to get back in the good graces of his father. At least the Daniel I knew a decade ago would be. Dom drops me at the hotel, telling me he has things to wrap up today so that he can spend the next two days with me.
“I’ll pick you up at nine tomorrow morning,” he says and brushes a kiss on my temple that sends electricity shooting through my body.
“Huh?” I ask distractedly.
“Clara, where are you?” He hooks my chin with his fingers, maneuvering my face to his.
“Sorry. What time tomorrow?”
“Nine and please, ignore all the talk about the Hollingsworths,” he says pointedly.
“Nine. Got it,” I repeat. He brushes a light kiss across my lips as the driver opens the door for me. “See you then,” I smile.
Trust Me
I let the hot spray of the shower wash over me as I try to make sense of yesterday’s lunch. I slept like crap last night. Nightmares riddled my broken sleep, the worst of which had Charlie finding Allie and taking her away from me. I’d finally given up on the idea of sleep and turned the TV on low, trying to nap and rest instead. At five in the morning I’d switched on my phone. I had twenty texts from Sawyer varying from worry to anger to hate and then heartbreak and begging. I replied to none of them. I deleted all the voicemails without listening to them. In two days I’d be on way home and dealing with a breakup that I really didn't want to have to do. There would be enough hurt to go around then. Switching my phone to silent, I plug it in and set it on the nightstand, feeling like the worst person on the planet. Allie would be heartbroken when all of this was done. I never wanted to hurt her. I never wanted to hurt Sawyer either but when Dominic blew into my world he up heaved everything I’d carefully created like a tornado and when it all came crashing back down it was beyond repair. Hopping out of the shower I dress and blow dry my hair. As I pull the mascara wand through my eyelashes the room phone rings. I stick the wand back in the tube and answer the phone.
“Hello?” I chirp.
“Good morning.” Dom’s voice booms through the phone energetically.
“Morning to you,” I say as a smile tugs on my lips.
“Pack your things. I’m checking you out of the hotel. I’ll be there in thirty,” he states before disconnecting the call. I set the phone back on the receiver and wonder what the hell he has planned for the next two days. I finish my light make-up and start throwing all my stuff into my suitcase as asked. At nine I schlep myself and my shit into the lobby and find Dom leaning against a column looking sexy as hell waiting for me. His tight fitting Henley hugs his muscled torso and his worn jeans hang low on his hips. He looks like a normal guy, not a millionaire, and I like it. After staring a little too long, his lips twitch and he pushes off the column and struts over to me, taking my suitcase from my hands.
“Did you have a good evening?” he asks, looking me over.
“I didn't sleep well,” I admit.
“I can remedy that tonight,” he grins. “By the way, I’m sticking to your no-touching policy for the remainder of your stay.”
“What?” I snort.
“I think you were onto something. If you’re going to trust me we need to slow down. Take things as they come. I need to earn your trust, Clara,” he says, brushing my hair over one shoulder. The contact makes me shiver. Dom notices and grins devilishly at me. Two can play this game.
“Okay,” I say innocently and glance up at him through my lashes before gently biting my lip and brushing against him. He groans low and deep while ushering me to the car.
“I’m taking you somewhere. We’ll be flying. Wednesday morning I’ll have you flown back Virginia,” he says cryptically.
“Where are we going?”
“It’s a surprise,” he answers, taking my hand in his and lacing our fingers together. I look at the hold he has on my hand and narrow my eyes at him.
“What are you doing?” I quip playfully.
“Ah, no touching means we sleep in separate beds, our lips do not touch and we definitely do not have sex,” he retorts quickly. “Hand holding, hugging, and snuggling are all acceptable.”
“Well it sounds as though someone has really given this some thought,” I chuckle at him.
“Clara, I’d like to do this the right way this time.” His voice is serious and sincere and I don't know what to say so I don't say anything at all.
We quietly chat during the short drive to the plane. It’s comfortable and pleasant and there isn't any tension, which is new for us. The plane ride is about four hours long and as I look out the window I wonder where the hell we are. There is a dirt runway in the middle of the forest and it looks as though that’s where we are landing. Glancing nervously at Dom I ask, “Uh, is everything all right?”
“Yes. That’s my runway,” he chuckles at me. With my panic subsiding, I look back out the window. Deep green forest covers the surrounding land. Near the end of the runway is a lake or pond that glistens in the sun and at the far side of the lake sits a gorgeous cabin. A golf cart awaits us as we deplane and I narrow my eyes at Dom.
“A golf cart?” I ask, sniggering.
“Shh,” he whispers. “I’m not pomp and circumstance all the time. I’m prepared to show you the real Dominic Napoli but you have to keep quiet. I can’t have my reputation slandered.” He laughs. This should be interesting. Is this all for show or does he really have a laidback side?
“Well, I promise not to tarnish your ostentatious reputation,” I say with snark as he straps our bags to the back of the cart. He pats the seat next to him. “Hop in princess.” His grin reaches from ear to ear and is infectious. Climbing in next to him, the backs of my thighs stick to the sun-warmed leather seats.
“Let’s go.” I clap and give him my best “I’m super excited” face. He chuckles at me and puts the golf cart in gear and starts buzzing along a well-worn path. The further we drive the more the trees open up, revealing a stunning mountain cabin that sits on a lake. “Welcome to my retreat,” he says, pulling up to the side of the house. He grabs our bags and nods for me to follow him inside.

The large great room has a floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace adjacent to a wall of windows that offer a breath-taking view of the private lake. There are three bedrooms, two and a half baths, and the master bathroom has a corner soaking tub and a view to kill for.
There’s a full cook's kitchen, and a dining room and living room with wood-burning fireplaces. A large flat-screen TV hangs on the wall above the fireplace, and built-in shelving houses hundreds of books, board games, and decks of cards. The kitchen is fully equipped with a stainless steel refrigerator, microwave, stove, coffee maker, and toaster. The furniture looks comfortable and worn in, giving everything a homey feel. The great room boasts a baby grand piano my fingers itch to play. It’s nothing like the suite in Boston that I saw or his luxurious yacht. I move past him as he follows me around to the sliding doors overlooking the lake. Sliding it open and stepping out, there are four Adirondack chairs, a table, and a gorgeous built-in grill. “Holy shit, Dom. This is amazing,” I breathe while taking it all in. “Where are we?”
He sneaks up behind me as I look out over the railing of the deck and wraps his arms around my shoulders. “We’re only forty-five minutes north of Blacksburg, actually. I had this built three years ago. Contrary to what the rags publish, I spend most of my time here. This is my home.” I spin around in his embrace to face him.
“You live here,” I state.
“As much as I can. Yes,” he answers my non-question. My mind reels with conflicting thoughts. This is peaceful and although large for just one man, moderately normal. Not at all like the Dominic I know. “Let’s get lunch going, shall we?” he asks, breaking my train of thought.
“Sure. I’m starved,” I agree. After showing me which cabinets house what, we move around the kitchen effortlessly together. I make a garden and pasta salad while he seasons fresh ground beef and shapes it into patties before bringing them to the grill. The late afternoon sun makes the lake shimmer and casts a warm glow over the trees at its banks.
“Do you like what you do?” I ask after swallowing a bite of my burger. Dom gazes at me curiously before answering.
“Why would you ask that?”
“Because I want to know,” I retort playfully.
“I suppose so. I’m good at what I do...at making money.”
“That’s hardly an answer. Do you like it? Are you passionate about it?” I push, wanting to know more about this mystery man with a million different layers. He stares out over the water and sets his burger down.
“No. I’m not passionate about it. I was groomed to be a leader. I followed suit in that regard. I love travelling. Hotels seemed like a natural fit. The club scene is just a bonus money maker, really. I like the benefits that come from the work I do,” he answers hesitantly.
“If you didn't care about salary what would you do?”
“I don't know. I’ve never really given it much thought,” he says honestly.
“Okay, well, what are you passionate about?” I try.
“You,” he answers without hesitation, making me laugh.
“Besides me, stud.”
“Hmm...I love music, although I can’t play a lick or sing. I love my motorcycle and taking long rides through the mountains. I love the way the human body works. Maybe in another life I would have been a personal trainer. I have a strange love affair with working out,” he chuckles.
“Well it’s working for you so keep at it,” I flirt.
“What about you, Clara?”
“Isn’t that obvious? I love art, drawing, creating. I have my dream job. It doesn't make me millions and it’s far from traditional, especially as far as moms go, but it pays the bills and satisfies my creative side.” The words leave my mouth like a well-thought-out speech but it’s the honest-to-God truth. I adore my work.
“You must be telling the truth. Your eyes light up when you talk about it. That’s a very lucky thing...not everyone gets to follow their dreams and make ends meet,” he says softly.
“I’m not saying it was easy. It was incrementally harder having Allie to feed, too, but I managed. And then Sawyer came along and we managed together. Allie’s been hanging out in tattoo parlors since she was born. Sometimes the only way I could get her to stop crying was to turn on the gun. The sound of the buzz soothed her. I couldn't afford daycare so she just came with. I’m sure later down the round that will end up scarring her, but it is what it is,” I ramble, remembering how she used to sleep in a laundry basket next to my stool while I worked.
“Allie seems to be just fine,” he says gently. “What exactly is the story with Sawyer?” he probes. I take a deep breath and decide to just shoot straight.
“We met when Allie was four, and ended up dating. It fizzled out fast but he stuck around as a friend and we’ve been a threesome ever since. He’s all Allie knows of a dad. Going home is going to be torture. Allie adores him. I don't want to hurt him and he adores us. I don't know what will happen when I tell him it’s over...like really over,” I lament, wondering if he’ll stay in the house or move out or if he’ll kick me out. This is going to be a giant shit show. How will we run the shop together? I rake a hand through my hair and sigh. I can feel a tension headache coming on just from thinking about what happens next. Dom appears at my side. “Don’t think about that right now,” he breathes in my ear and moves behind me. His hands come to my shoulders and he starts to knead the tension from my neck and upper back. It feels heavenly. I moan from the sheer pleasure his strong fingers are bringing and suddenly his hands are gone.
“Don’t stop,” I whine and tilt my head back to look at him.
“I can’t just rub your shoulders when you moan like that,” he says, looking a little sheepish. I can't help the laughter that rolls out of me as he takes his seat across from me again.
“I had no idea I affected you so strongly,” I giggle. Jesus. I don't giggle, it’s lame. What is wrong with me?
“You are bewitching, Clara,” he says seriously as his eyes beam lust at me. I suck in a sharp breath and look out over the water.
“I’m a lot of things, Dom. Bewitching isn’t one of them.”
“What are you then?” he asks.
“I’m a bitch. I’m a liar, and I’m horribly selfish,” I admit.
“I can see two of those things, but they aren't turn-offs for me. Explain the lying,” he pushes.
“I can’t.” My defensive walls close in around my heart, violently urging me to shut the hell up and change the conversation. “What card games do you know? I saw a deck of cards, shall we play a drinking game?” I offer.
“A drinking game, alone in a house with you? I’m not sure that's a great idea. How about a walk around the lake instead?” he offers.
“That could work too, I suppose.”
Dom shows me to the room he set my suitcase in. I change and pull my hair into a ponytail before heading back downstairs to meet him. When I get there he’s in board shorts and a tee shirt and looks delicious. This is going to be a long forty-eight hours. “Do I need a suit?” I ask, taking in the way his suit hangs from his hips.
“You might want one,” he replies. I dart back up the steps, pull my clothes off, and slip into my bikini before redressing and meeting him at the kitchen door.
“Okay. Ready,” I state as he opens the door for me. Dom leads us to a path that circles the lake. It’s dusk and getting dark out but I trust that he knows the way. Once we’re about twenty minutes into our trek he stops and strips off his shirt. Without a second thought he barrels towards the shore and cannonballs into the water. I stand gaping at the ripples that he left behind. Who is this guy? His head pops up and he beckons me to join him in the water. His abandon is contagious and I find myself stripping off my clothes.
“Are you sure it’s not freezing?” I ask standing at the edge of the lake. Dom swims up eyeing me heatedly. I knew I liked this suit. “It’s fine. Get in,” he quips. I take a step back and jump into the water without further thought. The water is freezing as I plunge in. My head breaks through the surface and I sputter.
“It’s freezing!” I squeal. His laughter booms from the shoreline. The jerk is already out of the water. I swim quickly to the edge and take his hand as he reaches it out to me. He tugs roughly and sends me flying onto the grass landing on top of him. Our slick skin slides against each other. He’s warm and soft and I want to do dirty things to him.
“Uh...” is all I can manage before he rolls me to the side and helps me up.
“So,” he says panting lightly. I tuck my knees under me, sitting next to him and watching the sunset on the water. “Who was your first love?” he asks.
“Mine?” I say a little too highly-pitched.
“Yup. Who was it?” he says, watching me.
“Kellan O’Hare, tenth grade. We dated for a year and then he dumped me for no reason. I thought my world ended. I swear the way he said my name made my heart burst out of my chest.” I laugh at the memory.
“Tenth grade huh? You sure it was love?” he teases.
“We didn't sleep together. I lost it to a douche who didn't even know my last name just before we started dating,” I inform him.
“Oh, really? Who would have thought?” he snickers at me.
“Hey now. I’ve been with a total of six people and that includes you so shut it,” I say, irritated.
“I didn't accuse you of anything, Clara, relax,” he snorts.
“Sorry. I just...whatever.” I stop myself from digging my hole deeper. “How 'bout you?”
“First love or number of partners?” he jokes and nudges my shoulder. “Shana Homes. Man, she was my world one summer. I was sixteen. She wrote me a note breaking it off as my Christmas present,” he finishes. I roll with laughter.
“I’m sorry, it’s not funny, that is truly mean and heinous,” I snigger. “Who was next?” I ask curiously.
“What do you mean?”
“Who was your next love?” I clarify.
“Oh... I don’t know...” he trails off.
“You don't know?” I ask incredulously.
“After that I got pretty serious about my studies, then came college and grad school and work,” he explains. My heart aches for him a little, knowing he’s given up a true personal life for his work. “What about you?”
“I ah... I dated this guy Tucker and for a little bit. I thought it was love, but looking back I don't think it ever was. So I guess...Allie’s dad. I fell for him pretty hard,” I say distractedly.
“Where is her dad?”
“Gone. I’m getting chilly...can we head back?” I ask. He nods and we tug our clothes back on and head back to the house.
“Would you like a glass of wine?” he asks as we enter the house.
“Sure. I’m going to change...I’ll meet you in the living room,” I answer. I head upstairs and quickly throw on my silk pajama shorts and matching top. When I get to the living room I can't help but check out the piano. I slide onto the bench and let my fingers graze the keys momentarily. Before I can stop myself my fingers drift over the keyboard and I let the music fill the room as the black and white keys depress and release. I haven't had a piano at my disposal, except for the school's, in a long time and it takes no time at all for me to get lost in the notes. I play the song from memory, closing my eyes and letting the notes fill the silence with ease. The last time I played for anyone outside of elementary students was a decade ago or more.
“That’s beautiful.”
Dom’s husky voice sends chills through me. Turning slightly I catch his dark eyes watching me heatedly. Without missing a beat I finish the song and let my hands rest gently on the keys for a moment afterward.
“What was it?”
“’With You, Friends’ by Skrillex,” I breathe.
“I’ve never heard of it,” he says and I chuckle.
“I’ll have to correct that sometime.”
“I didn't know you played.” He sets my wine on the top of the piano.
“I did...er, do, I guess. I play for the school at concerts but I don't have my own piano.”
“I thought you taught chorus?” he asks, confused.
“I do, but when the kids sing, I play the music,” I explain.
“Woman of many talents. Will you sing for me?”
“Oh no. I haven't really played and sung for a long time.”
“Please, Clara.” There’s something in his voice that I can't resist.
“I...all right, but no laughing,” I instruct before cracking my knuckles. “And remember, this is a piano version only...unless you can play some strings for me?”
“No can do.”
I turn to the keys, clear my throat, and close my eyes as I begin to play “Never Is a Promise” by the amazing Fiona Apple.
“You'll never see
The courage I know
Its colors' richness won't
Appear within your view
I'll never glow
The way that you glow
Your presence dominates
The judgments made on you
But as the scenery grows
I see in different lights
The shades and shadows
Undulate in my perception
My feelings swell and stretch
I see from greater heights
I understand what I am still
Too proud to mention
To you...You'll say you understand
But you don't understand
You'll say you'd never
Give up seeing eye to eye
But never is a promise
And you can't afford to lie...”

I continue the song until it’s finished and suck in a sharp breath as I stop the music and let the silence permeate the air around us.
“I don’t really do her justice but...”
“You’re fantastic,” he interrupts, making me blush.
“I’m decent,” I agree to a lesser term.
“Clara. You’re full of talent. It’s amazing. I can’t carry a tune to save my life. I’m thoroughly impressed,” he gushes. I feel like I’m sixteen again and my crush just told me I’m pretty for the first time. It’s ridiculous.
“Well,” I say picking up my wine glass and joining him on the couch, “I’m flattered that I could impress the great Dominic Napoli.” He shakes his head at me and pulls me into the crook of his arm.
“Any interest in a movie?”
“Sure. Whaddya got?” I quip.

I end up falling asleep on the couch during the movie with Dominic. At some point I remember feeling him carrying me to my room, tucking me in and kissing me on the forehead. I’m pretty sure he mumbled something in my ear but I was just too tired to wake up enough to hear it. Needless to say the bed in my room is heavenly. Plush and warm and so comfortable I don't think there would ever be a reason to get out of it.
I wake up to the smell of fresh coffee wafting up the stairs. I jackknife up to see the clock. It’s almost ten-thirty. I can't remember the last time I slept so late. Having coffee waiting in the kitchen when I arrived downstairs was nice but the true treat was the sausage, eggs, and toast being made for me. I slide onto one of the stools at the island and watch Dom as he works. Is it weird to be attracted to a guy's back? Because Dominic Napoli’s muscled back is a sight to be seen. Reaching over, I slide his iPad across the counter and flip through the news silently until Dom notices me.
“Hey sleepyhead,” he grins. “Did you sleep well?”
“Holy crap did I ever. What the hell did you do to that bed to make it so amazing?” I gush and he laughs loudly at my enthusiasm while sliding me a mug of coffee.
“Glad it was up to your standards, Ms. Lord,” he playfully teases. “Come to Me” wafts through the invisible speakers throughout the house as we eat our breakfast, and our no-touching rule suddenly seems too hard to follow. Every time his fingers brush mine I feel like I’ve been set on fire. His eyes constantly find mine and the emotion behind them lets me know that he’s fighting all the same urges I am. Our day is spent languidly snuggling on the deck, soaking up the sun and talking quietly. Each bump of his shoulder, each time his leg grazes mine, each lustful look he shoots me sends me further towards the brink of breaking all our rules.
We’re lying side by side, thighs pressed against each other in our bathing suits. His leg shifts slightly, rubbing against mine and spreading heat through my body at the sensation. Nina Simone’s soulful voice filters through the air softly around us. I stifle the moan that threatens to escape me and shift in my lounge chair slightly. Chancing a glance at Dom, I take in his strong jaw, that thick, black hair, his amazing chiseled features and equally stunning chiseled physique and lose my breath for a moment. I want nothing more than to run my fingers over every ridge of his sculpted abs. I quickly divert my eyes and close them, letting the warm Virginia breeze blow over me. It does nothing to cool me down but there’s not much I can do at this point but breathe through the need I feel.

A warm hand slides between my hair and the lounge chair and curls around my neck,squeezing gently. I don’t dare open my eyes as I feel him shift in his seat. His other hand slides to my jaw, to my neck, and curls there with the other one. His thumbs sweep along my jaw as I let out a ragged breath. Then his lips hit mine and he murmurs, “Beautiful,” in a low timbre that sends a shocking current straight between my legs. My body, acting on its own accord, arches beneath him as his mouth explores mine. Trailing kisses down my jaw, neck, between my breasts, he teases my stomach with nips and licks. By the time he reaches down and hooks my bikini bottom with his fingers, the little gasping noises I’m making sound foreign to me. He tugs my bottoms off and slides back up my body, his erection pressing into me like a lead pipe. By the time his hands reach between my legs we’re a wild tangle of grasping and groping. I tug on his hair, lifting his mouth from me. His eyes are stormy dark with passion. “Foreplay’s great and all,” I rasp, “but if you don’t fuck me in the next second I’m going to die.” I watch his eyes turn black before he pushes himself up in a push-up, positioning himself at my entrance. I hitch my hips up and he slides in. He stills as I gasp at the feel of him. His lips twitch and he starts wildly thrusting. My hips buck uncontrollably and I swear I’m going to burn up and explode. My breathing gets choppy as I start violently trembling. When Dom growls like a feral dog I come apart around him with a cry. His pace picks up momentarily as I drag my nails down his back. When I grab onto his ass he thrusts deep and shatters with a grunt. He presses his face into the curve of my neck and sucks the skin between his teeth.
“So much for no touching,” I snort.
“You half-naked, glistening in the sun is enough to make any man break all the rules,” he murmurs into my ear.
“Oh?” I tease.
“You could be used as a form of torture, Clara.” At his words goose bumps break out along my arms. We stay tangled for a long time enjoying each other’s light caresses. A little after two we head inside to shower, change, and make a late lunch.
“Can I ask you something without you jumping down my throat?” he asks as I chew a bite of sandwich. I nod my head yes and wait.
“Why did Alexandria call you Jade?” He stares at me as I swallow the enormous lump that suddenly appeared in my throat.
“I don't know,” I say a little too quickly.
“Clara, please. Don’t lie to me.”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” I mumble, hoping he will drop it.
“Okay. Why did Daniel Hollingsworth scare the shit out of you?” he asks. I drag a hand through my hair and squeeze my eyes shut. “You can trust me, Clara.” His words sound sincere but I’m not convinced.
“Dom. Sawyer was the last person I shared with and it took him two years to drag it out of me. I’m just not ready to talk about that.” He looks disappointed in my choice.
“Clara, either we’re honest with each other and giving us a shot or we’re not.”
My brain screams to shut down and push him out like every other time, but my heart urges me to finally let someone else in. I’m at war with myself and I don’t know who to let win this time.
“Daniel Hollingsworth is Allie's father,” I blurt. Saying it out loud after so long momentarily feels like a relief until I look to Dom. I watch as shock rips through him then changes to disbelief. I continue. “I know you're capable of discretion so listen closely. Allie does not know who her father is and Daniel has no idea that he has a daughter. It needs to stay that way.”
He gapes at me.
“How can you possibly say that? I've known Daniel since we were in college. Something like that wouldn’t have stayed quiet.”
“Then I suppose you know he was engaged,” I quip, uninterested in playing the he-said-she-said game with him. Dom snorts.
“Yes and the little whore pawned the family ring and disappeared into the wind. It was the gossip of the year,” he recaps for me.
“I’d appreciate it if you didn't refer to me as a whore,” I mutter. My eyes blaze defiance as my gaze meets his.
I stick out my hand to him. “Hello, Dominic. It’s a pleasure to meet you. My friends call me Clara but my parents named me Jade,” I reply flippantly. I know I’m bordering on defensive but I can’t help it.
“Jesus Christ,” he breathes.
“I didn't pawn the ring for shits and giggles. It was necessary to my safety,” I explain. “I’m sure since you’re so close with Daniel that you’ve witnessed or heard how he treats his women,” I sneer, unable to control my emotions any longer. It only takes a moment for understanding to dawn on Dominic but when it hits it pleases me.
“He swept me off my feet. It really was a whirlwind romance. I was young, stupid, and a nobody. I’m sure you can understand the draw of someone like him to someone like me. It started out innocent enough; over the first year we dated he groomed me to be...socially acceptable. From there he let me know in no uncertain terms what my duties were to be for dating a man of his standing. I excelled and performed perfectly and was rewarded with the engagement ring. Once the date was set he started sleeping around. It broke my heart but I stayed. I thought I had to endure that to be with him. When I questioned it I was rewarded with a fat lip, so I learned to keep my mouth shut.” Dominic looks sick but I’m not going to leave out details to spare him, why should I? “He gave me syphilis for Christ’s sake. He wanted me to pursue work in graphic design as my degree dictated but I wanted to apprentice with Miller. I went behind his back to do it. When he found out what I was doing I ended up being treated for a broken rib. Tattoo artists have no place in high society you know,” I say flatly, remembering all the shit Daniel put me through. “I had been sick. Amanda came to take care of me and asked if I could be pregnant. She made me take a test and of course, it was positive. I couldn't bring a child into that world, into his world. I left a note and took off. I went to Marg’s and hid out for three days. We pawned the ring so I would have money, Dom. I needed money to get away and I had nothing. He broke down her door in the middle of the night and took me home where he locked me in my suite for two days so I’d learn my place. No one leaves Daniel Hollingsworth, especially someone like me. How would it look?” I give my best Daniel impersonation.
“The third day we had brunch with his parents at the country club. We were walking down the stairs when he noticed the ring wasn't on my finger. He asked me to put it on--for appearances. When I told him I couldn't because I didn't have it, he lost it. He asked where it was and I screamed at him and told him I hocked it. He shook me so hard.” I shudder at the memory. “He just kept shaking me and screaming. When he let go it was so sudden that I lost my footing. I think I hit every goddamned marble stair on the way down. I could barely breathe, Dom. Everything hurt so much. He looked horrified for about ten seconds but do you know what he did?” I ask, knowing I won't get an answer. He sits unmoving waiting for me to finish. “He descended the stairs, stepped over me, told me he would just tell his parents I wasn’t feeling well, and left.” Tears flow freely down my cheeks again as I relive one of the worst moments of my life. “I picked myself up and somehow made it to Amanda’s. I took the money from the ring, changed my name and disappeared. That first month alone was the worst. I was so scared. I had no idea if the baby was all right and I couldn’t talk to Marg or Amanda because I knew Daniel would go to them to find me. Allie was born a month early, but healthy, and I never looked back. We moved at least twice a year until I met Sawyer. He fixed me, Dom. He saved us, and everything was great until you showed up.” I sniffle and wipe my eyes.
Dom’s hand is wrapped around mine. He tugs me into his chest and holds me tight while tears stream down my face. “If he knew...what if he took Allie?” I mumble into his chest as my own heaves with sobs.
“He won’t know,” Dom says sternly. “Why didn’t you tell me? It all makes sense now. I would have understood why you didn't want to publicly be seen with me.” He sounds remorseful at the little exposure we’ve had together.
“I’ve got more baggage than a 767. I didn't intend on developing feelings for you,” I say honestly. “I never wanted another man from Daniel's world, and you are. I know it’s stupid to think you’re all the same but I convinced myself of it to protect myself.” Dom groans and squeezes me tighter to him.
“Jesus, no wonder Sawyer hates me. Not only is he in love with you but he’s had all the facts.” Right then I wish I could agree with him but it’s not the truth. No one but me knows all the facts. I clamp my mouth shut and nod silent agreement into his chest.
“Dom, there are three people who know and I trust them with Allie’s life. If anything happens between us I need to know that you’ll keep your trap shut,” I say a little defensively and I instantly wish I could correct my tone.
“I’m not a monster, Clara. I wouldn't jeopardize a little girl's life just because you and I didn't work out,” he clips.
“I’m sorry. I just have to be sure,” I say gently.
“I guess I can understand that.”

The rest of our day is filled with lazy love making, snuggling, and quiet chatter. As the day comes to a close, we lie in the master suite together drifting in and out of sleep, his arms wrapped tightly around me. I’ve never felt so safe before and it makes me panic slightly. I can’t afford to really let my guard down completely...can I?
Heartbreak Hussy
The sky is overcast on Wednesday, which complements my mood. Dom loads my suitcase into the car and drives us away from the gorgeous lake house that I never want to leave. As it shrinks in the distance I turn to him.
“I totally forgot about my car, it’s at the airport parking lot.” I smack my forehead on the window.
“It’s been taken care of. My driver is meeting us at a rest stop with your car.”
“Oh. Thanks,” I say sullenly. “Dom.”
“Yes?”
“I need a couple weeks to sort everything out with Sawyer and make sure Allie adjusts. We can text or call but I don't think we should see each other until I’m sure Allie’s settled.”
“Whatever you think is best,” he returns, surprising me.
“You aren’t mad?”
“Why would I be mad? Clara, you have a daughter who comes first. I can wait a month if it means everything works out smoothly.” He smiles, taking my hand in his and squeezing it.
“Okay. I just wasn't sure you’d understand,” I admit.
“I’m capable of feelings. I thought after the last couple days I’d have proven that to you.”
“Yes. You have. I like the lake house, Dom, much better than the arrogant mogul one.” I laugh a little.
“Please, don’t hold back for my sake,” he quips.
“Honesty is the best policy?” I try. He chuckles at me and pulls into a rest stop.
“Here we are.”
“Oh, that was fast,” I mumble. Dom moves my bag from his car to mine and opens my door for me.
“I’m glad you stalked me,” he murmurs against my lips before kissing me tenderly.
“Me too.” Taking his face between my hands, I kiss him feverishly, wishing that I wasn't about to drive home into the mess that was waiting for me.
“Bye, Clara,” he says, pushing me away, gently. I dip into my car and start the engine as he closes the door and waves.

Putting the car in drive and actually making the drive home was torturous. Arriving at the house, it’s just after one. Allie will be home from school in two hours or so. Sawyer’s motorcycle is parked in the driveway. Ignoring my bag, I exit the car and head into the house. Sawyer sits on the couch, head in his hands and doubled over.
“Hi,” I call softly as I look around. The house is a disaster, dirty clothes are strewn all over the floor, take-out containers litter the coffee table, and the entryway is covered in shoes. His head snaps up. He looks pissed. More pissed than I’ve ever seen him.
“Were you with him?” he barks at me.
“Yes,” I mumble.
“Does he know?”
“Yes.”
“How could you Clara?” he shouts and stands.
“Sawyer, we both knew this was coming. I don’t love you like that.” I try to keep my voice steady and firm.
“Really, Clara? That’s the line you’re going to use?” he snorts. “I’ve given you five years of my life. I’ve raised Allie, loved her, loved you! Does he even know you? Does he know Allie hates tomatoes or how to braid her hair? Does he know you hate mushrooms or how you take your coffee? Does he?!” he booms. My bottom lip starts to tremble and I can feel my eyes welling with tears.
“That’s not fair. He deserves the chance to learn all those things,” I cry out. “I don’t love you like him.” He stumbles a step backwards as if my words physically slapped him. “Sawyer, please... let me go.” His crazy blue eyes darken and he stalks to where I am. He pounds his hands on the wall on either side of my head, trapping me.
“Let you go?” he snarls. “I’ve supported you. I’ve loved you, I’ve cared for you and been there for everything. I’ve given up so much to just to stand by your side,” he hisses.
“I never asked you to do that,” I snap.
“You never asked me?!” he shouts, offended. “Tell me, Clara, does he know you like it rough?” he growls and leans into my face. “Does he know how much you like to be dominated and thrown around?” His hands slide up my arms, hooking my jaw tightly. My breath hitches and I struggle for air. “Does he do it better than I do?” he seethes, a whisper from my mouth.
“Stop,” I cry.
“Stop?” he barks. “Why? You never stopped for a second to think about me. Or Allie for that matter! Who the fuck takes off for a week and leaves her kid?!” I recoil from him. Each word that leaves his mouth feels like a punch to the gut. “You’re a liar and a bitch.” He releases my face and punches a hole in the wall next to my head before storming upstairs to his room. The door slams shut with such force that pictures in the hallway clatter to the ground and shatter.

A sob rips through me as I slide down the wall into a heap on the floor. Everything he says is true. I’m a disaster and always have been. He’s been the only thing holding me together for so long that I’m not sure how to live without him. I’ve used him selfishly for years knowing that he wanted more, then I promise it to him and fuck it all up, hurting him more. I push up and dart up the stairs to his door. I hesitate before opening it, wondering if I should just let him cool off, but decide that this time we have to deal with this head on.
“Sawyer...” I call as I step into his room.
“You’re right,” he answers.
“Huh?”
“You never asked me. I just gave and gave, hoping that you’d return my feelings.”
I crawl onto the bed with him and lay next to him, staring up at the ceiling.
“I’m so sorry. I never expected this,” I murmur. His hand finds mine and grabs it, holding on tightly.
“What are we going to do?” he asks, still not looking me in the eye.
“I can move out...” I start.
“No!” he cuts me off. “You and Allie stay in the house. Please don’t uproot her because of me.”
“Where will you go?” I ask quietly.
“I’ll find a place to rent.”
“What about Bloodlines?” I hedge.
“We’ll figure out a way to work together all right? I just need some time,” he comforts me even though I don’t deserve it. Even though I should be comforting him.
“You and Allie will always be my girls,” he mumbles and another sob tears through me.
“Sawyer, I don't want you out of our lives...I just want to be friends and free to fall in love.”
“We’ll get there. Consider yourself free,” he mutters and rolls off the bed. “I’m going for a ride. We need to tell Allie tonight,” he clips, walking out and leaving me a bumbling idiot curled up on his bed.

Allie gets home and immediately knows there's something wrong. She badgers me for information but I tell her that everything's fine and that we need to have a family meeting tonight when Sawyer gets home. When Sawyer returns, all hell breaks loose. Allie breaks down sobbing and tells me she hates me and wants to live with Sawyer. When I try to run after her Sawyer grabs my wrist and tells me to let her go. The tension in the house is palpable for the rest of the evening. Sawyer and I talk a little about Allie and eventually decide that she can stay with him every other weekend. He doesn't have to do it. He doesn't owe us anything and he’s not her father, but this is feeling more and more like a divorce. I know it needs to happen. I can't string Sawyer along forever and the more time I spend with Dom, the more I think I’m falling in love with him. I’m just not good at the messy part of relationships. I avoid feelings like the plague and this is seriously throwing me.

Seven days later a moving truck sits in our--my--driveway, loading up Sawyer's things to move them a few miles down the road to his new apartment. He rented a two bedroom so that Allie would have her own room there, and when he told her he would take her out to buy whatever she wanted to decorate it, I had broken down in tears. How could I not have fallen in love with this man? Something in me must be very, very broken. Sawyer and I have worked out a schedule for the time being at the shop. He takes all afternoon appointments and I take the mornings. I’m home every afternoon for Allie.

Allie hates me. She barely talks to me lately. If I manage to get a smile from her I feel like it’s a good day. She’s too little to understand all the crazy things that come with being an adult and with love. She admits that she likes Dom but that she wants to hate him now because he hurt Sawyer. I tried explaining that I hurt Sawyer, not Dom, but it’s a lost cause at the moment. She’s loyal to Sawyer in the most insane way and I don't want that to change. She needs him and he needs her.

Dom, true to his word, makes no attempt to see me or guilt me. He patiently listens to all my ramblings and crying jags about Sawyer and Allie and offers advice or comfort where he can. He texts me every morning with a “wake up beautiful” text and every night I get a “sweet dreams” text regardless of whether or not we talked during the day. I want to see him, to feel his arms holding me, but I know that right now, I have to be on the back burner. Allie deserves all my attention and focus no matter how hard it is.

By the end of the month things have improved dramatically. Sawyer had a talk with Allie during one of his weekends, explaining that he loved her always and that I needed to have a chance to find love and be happy, but that it wouldn't ever take him away from her. He said that it was important that she still love her mom because she will only ever get one. Somehow his words hit home and she slowly started to morph back into the loving happy little girl we raised.

At the end of month two I finally let Dom start coming around on Allie’s weekends at Sawyer’s. We stay in mostly so that we don’t run into Sawyer or Allie. He doesn't seem to mind. It’s good. We end up learning a lot about each other just hanging out at home. He’s an amazing cook and has good taste in music. We’re slowly picking up on each other’s pet peeves. He’s into everything I say, always concentrating on me. It’s like every word that pours from my mouth was a puzzle piece that would somehow lead him to the full Clara picture, and he didn't want to miss one. Our time together is easy and fun and provides a good break from the tension that still exists daily between Sawyer, Allie, and me. I know that five years can't be erased and glossed over quickly, that the three of us will need to take every day as it comes and work out the kinks until we’re all healed and able to function in our new roles.
It helps that he can distract me like no other. He can do a lot of things with his hands, his mouth, and other parts of him that are mind blowing, but even if he only ever kissed me for the rest of time I’d live.
Settle In
As the months pass, Dom and I fold Allie into our world and she smiles more and more until she’s finally just my Allie again. I notice over time that Dom slowly has built my trust in him. He’s protective and thoughtful. He hates, ironically, that Allie and I are home alone at night. Whenever he visits he always checks the house and instructs us to lock the doors when he leaves. He never sleeps over when Allie’s home. His consideration for her surprises me. No matter if our days took us separate ways, when we could we slept together, and if we couldn't, he never missed a goodnight text or call. He's bossy and I’m a smartass but somehow we balance each other out. He sends two arrangements every week. One to the house for Allie and one to work for me. We’ve both become so accustomed to it that I race to work Tuesday mornings and Allie races home from school to see what he’s sent. He definitely knows how to woo two girls. Allie and I giggle at her card each week. He always writes a riddle that usually results in the two of us having to work together to solve it. It’s brought us closer and I’m thankful for it. To celebrate six months of dating, Dom treats Allie and me to a day of shopping, spa treatments, and then a wonderful fancy dinner out that really knocks Allie’s socks off. She still spends every other weekend with Sawyer but she’s really grown to like Dom and actually asks when we’ll see him next. Things couldn’t possibly be working out any better. It makes my heart swell to think that I might actually be able to have the life I’ve always wanted and that it will not only make me happy but that Allie is content, loved, and happy as well.

Sawyer and I are another story. We’ve been bickering lately over stupid shit, like Allie’s bedtime, her grades, and how the holidays will be spent. We still have split shifts at the shop so that we don’t have to run into each other, and his hands still ball into fists whenever I bring up Dominic. He keeps telling me he just needs time to get over me but it seems like he’s unwilling to let go. He hasn't even dated any of the usual girls that he used to see on and off. Sometimes I ask Allie about how he’s doing but she’s pretty tight-lipped on her time with him and I can’t push that. Wednesdays after school she’s started going to his apartment after her homework's done, to have dinner with him. Since he’s only a couple miles from the house I let her ride her bike over. Dom bought her a new bike with a headlight when he found out, worried that riding home in the dark was unsafe. Both of us had laughed at him, seeing as our neighborhood has virtually no traffic, great sidewalks and street lamps every forty feet. He holds me while we sleep, he’s an amazing kisser, even more amazing in bed, and can give me three orgasms in thirty minutes. It’s crazy but true.

I pick up a picture of us taken a few weeks back and feel a smile playing at my lips. It’s of me, Allie, and Dom at a neighbor's cookout just after I’d finished his tattoo, which is amazing. I’m sitting in Dom’s lap, arms around his shoulders, his arms at my waist. Allie stands in front of us, her hands animatedly waving in the air. My head’s tipped back because I was laughing at her story and Dom’s looking at the camera, laughing too. It’s a great picture. Dom sneaks up behind me, wrapping his arms around my waist and resting his chin on my shoulder. “Love that picture,” he says and kisses my neck. Things progress rather quickly from there and we’re suddenly on the bed. Adding his fingers to the workings of his mouth and tongue, my hips surge up.
“Dom!” I moan. My body shakes as orgasm number two rips through me. My knees are hauled up and he’s suddenly inside me. Driving deep, hard and fast, I wrap my limbs around him tight. His hand goes between us, finger back to that sensitive spot and my body jolts. ”Dom,” I cry out. His head comes up and he looks down at me. He’s so gorgeous but even more so pounding into me, touching me and pressing his weight into me. He thrusts, rolls his hips, and his mouth touches mine. My hips buck up, my limbs go tight, and my back arches as I come yet again. “I felt that,” he groans. I hold on as his lips slide down to my ear where he grunts, and moves his hands to my hips. He pulls up and thrusts deep before he finally plants himself inside me and stops. “Hot,” I breathe into his ear.
“You are capable of wicked things Clara...wicked things,” he pants, making me chuckle.
He rolls us, my back to his front, and slings an arm across my belly. Nuzzling into my neck he lets me know that he has a late meeting tomorrow and won't be able to come over. He’s been spending more and more time at his lake house to be near me and Allie, but a lot of his meetings need to happen on site at the clubs or in Boston.
“I’m flying out tomorrow but I should be back Wednesday,” he says softly.
“Sounds good. I’ll be here,” I can feel his smile on my neck.
“Sleep, baby,” he murmurs and for once, I do what I’m told.
Too Many Casualties
Dominic is in L.A. this week and Allie’s at Sawyer’s house for dinner so I’ve a Lean Cuisine for myself. I take the steaming pile of bland food to the living room, plop onto the couch, and click the TV on when a text lights up my phone.

Dom: How’s my girl today?
Missing you.
Dom: Allie at Sawyer's?
Yeah
Dom: Feeling lonely?
Yeah.
Dom: What are you wearing?
WHAT?!
Dom: Hahhaa... just trying to distract you.
Dirty...dirty boy.
Dom: Can't help myself
Well try for my sake while you’re surrounded by gorgeous women all week
Dom: you’re the only gorgeous woman I want
Best line ever.
Dom: I try.

As the six o’clock news ends my phone chirps. Sawyer’s text is brief like always.
“Allie just left.”
I push off the couch and head to the front porch. I like watching her ride her bike towards the house, blissfully unaware that I’m watching her. She always looks so happy. Sitting on the porch swing I watch her headlight appear around the corner. Smiling, I watch her skinny legs pedal and the headlight bob over the cracks in the sidewalk. A car comes around the bend a little too fast. It’s weaving all over the street. I stand instinctively, feeling that panic that moms do. I start down the steps knowing I’m being ridiculous as the car speeds along in Allie’s direction. She’s on the sidewalk, she’ll be fine. I’m just over protective.

Mr. Anderson’s cat darts into the street and the car swerves to avoid it. It jumps the curb and my heart jumps into my throat. Shit. The tires squeal against the pavement as the breaks try to slow the car down. I’m sprinting, screaming her name. Allie doesn't have time to get out of the way and the last thing I hear is her blood-curdling scream as the car hits her and she’s tossed in the air, bouncing on the hood of the car. Glass shatters and there’s more screaming.
It’s coming from me.
As I get to Allie’s body I can hear Sawyer screaming. He’s running towards me full throttle as neighbors creep closer to Allie and me. Someone must have called 911 because sirens ring out and lights strobe as they come down the street. I can’t move from where I am. Where Allie is. There’s so much blood. My baby is covered in so much blood. I’m violently shaking and can’t stop. I can't breathe or speak. I think I’m going to vomit. Sawyer pries me off Allie as the paramedics load her onto a gurney and into the ambulance. Nothing registers in my brain. I feel like I’m watching it all through a stranger's eyes. Everyone’s words sound garbled, like I’m underwater, before I collapse.

When I come to in Sawyer’s arms, we’re at the hospital. He looks ragged and tired. I have no idea what time it is or what’s happened but something is very, very wrong. A strangled cry rises from me and snaps Sawyer out of his thoughts.
“You’re awake,” he states. “She’s in surgery still. You passed out.” I can't yet form words so I just nod at him and scoot out of his arms and into the chair next to him.
“I saw it, Sawyer,” my voice cracks and tears roll down my cheeks.
“I know. Mr. Anderson told me. He’s the one who called 911.”
“She has to be okay,” I say determinedly. He rubs slow circles on my back as I break down sobbing. Scooping me into his arms again, he holds me tight.
“I called Dom for you,” he says, clutching me to his chest as I fall apart. “He should be on a plane by now.”
“Sawyer. She’s going to be all right, right?” I ask quietly.
“I don't know. She wasn't breathing on her own when they got here.” His voice cracks and it sends me into another fit of tears.

Two hours later the surgeon comes out and I practically jump him, demanding answers.
“Please, Ms. Lord, try to calm down.”
“Calm DOWN?! ARE YOU INSANE!” I screech. Sawyer physically restrains me so he can talk to us. “She has a few broken ribs and a concussion. It’s her kidneys that we’re worried about. One was damaged so badly we couldn't repair it. The other we managed to repair for now but it’s not a permanent solution.”
“What does that mean? She needs a kidney? You can’t live without a kidney. What the fuck are you saying?!” I scream. Two big arms wrap around me from behind. “Shh. Let the man talk,” Dom’s deep voice whispers calmly in my ear. When did he arrive? Thank God. His arms squeeze a little, calming me only slightly.
“We will need to get her on a donor list for a transplant. She can undergo dialysis for a while to keep the kidney working while we wait,” the doctor relays.
“I’ll give her mine,” I blurt. “Take mine!”
“Ms. Lord, we will most certainly test you for a match. Her father too.”
“Test me,” Sawyer says.
“Me too,” Dom adds.
“Okay, let’s go. NOW,” I all but scream frantically. Dominic’s arms tighten around my shoulders as I try to break free.
“We can start the process after you see her. She should wake up soon,” the doctor explains. The three of us follow a nurse to Allie’s bed and Sawyer and I rush through the doors. Beeps and whistles fill the silence of her room. She’s pale, too pale, and her body looks defeated and limp. I collapse at her bedside sobbing. Sawyer gently picks me up, wiping his own tears from his eyes and pulls a chair over to sit me in.
“Allie, baby, please wake up. Mommy’s here. Please. Wake up.” I hold her hand and brush her hair off her face before face planting on the bed next to where I hold her hand. Dom enters a few minutes later, giving Sawyer and me time to adjust. His face blanches when he sees Allie. His hand covers mine and squeezes gently.
Allie wakes but is in so much pain that they sedate her again, after only a few moments with her.

With kidney failure comes decreased appetite and food sensitivity. Allie’s appetite decreased drastically and she became increasingly inactive. She began to lose weight rapidly while in recovery. Dom cleared his schedule and never leaves my side. Sawyer and he seemed to reach some kind of momentary truce during all this which makes life much easier. I refuse to leave the hospital. I spend every day and night with Allie, sleeping in her room on a cot. For weeks I play endless board games and card games with her while she recovers from her injuries and undergoes dialysis. Dom and Sawyer both try to get me to take a night off to go home and rest but I just won't have it. My baby needs me and I will not leave her for anything other than to shower or use the bathroom or order some food.
Truths
Within a month I had gone through all of my tests to be an organ donor. Sawyer and Dominic, too.
“Ms. Lord,” Dr. Brandt greets and motions for me to take a seat next to him on the couch.
“Are we good to go?” I ask nervously.
“You aren’t a match,” he says sadly.
“What? I’m her mom, of course I’m a match,” I blurt.
“It’s possible, yes, but not always a guarantee. Her father could be a match. Can you contact him?” he asks.
“I’m on it,” Dom clips, pulling his phone from his pocket.
“NO!” I shout, stopping him in his tracks.
“What?” Sawyer barks. “Clara, this is Allie’s life!”
“I’m aware,” I say flatly. How can I possibly explain this? My life has never seemed more complicated than it is right now. Everything is unraveling.
“I’ll give you all some space,” Dr. Brandt interrupts and leaves. We move to the waiting room so we don't wake Allie from her nap.
“Don’t call Daniel. Please,” I beg. My whole world is spinning out of control. How can I not be a match? Why is this happening?
“What can we do? If she doesn’t want to ask him we can’t,” Dom defends me.
“I’ve already been tested and I’m not either,” Sawyer bites out. “This isn't funny anymore. If you or Clara won't call Daniel then I will. I will not let Allie suffer and possibly DIE because she doesn't want Allie to know. I will hunt him down with or without you,” Sawyer finishes in a deadly tone. Dom and Sawyer continue to go back and forth as my head spins at the impossibility of this moment ever happening. I can’t take their bickering anymore. This has nothing to do with Daniel and it’s time I tell them.
“STOP!” I scream. Both men turn to me, jaws set, looking angry. “Daniel can’t help because he’s not her father.” My voice falters as both men's faces twist into disbelief.
“What the fuck are you talking about Clara?” Dom shouts.
“What?” Sawyer booms.
“Please. Stop. I’ll explain,” I say, sucking in a ragged breath. Both men sit arms crossed over their chests and wait patiently.
“Charlie is her father,” I breathe the one thing only I know.
“Daniel’s father? Senator Hollingsworth?” Dom’s voice is unusually high-pitched. Sawyer sits in silence trying to take it all in.
“Daniel and I attended a party with them, his parents. Charlie…he… raped me in the bathroom. He told me if I ever told a soul he would ‘end me.’ Daniel and I hadn't slept together for weeks at that point, and Daniel would have never believed me anyways…no one would have. I was a nobody…I… I was just cheap trash that Daniel picked up and groomed into something,” I relay, complete with air quotes. The air around us in unbearably quiet and I don't dare breathe. Sawyer’s jaw ticks with rage and his knuckles are white as he stands. His fist connects with the waiting room wall and plaster tumbles to the floor. Dom stares at me, gaping, before standing and striding out of the room without a word. I can’t control the trembling as the one secret I never thought would see the light of day lingers in the air around me. I pull my legs up under me and tuck my head between my knees. Sawyer’s arm wraps around me. “I’m so sorry, Clara,” he says softly. I let myself lean into his lean frame and, for what feels like the millionth time this month, I sob quietly.

Hours later Allie sleeps peacefully in bed and I’m reading on my cot. Dom walks briskly into Allie’s room and pulls me by the wrist from my cot into the hall without a word. I stand before him waiting as he clenches and unclenches his jaw.
“I called Charlie,” he finally says. My lungs refuse to pump air and I can feel myself pale.
“Wh..what?” I stammer.
“It had to be done. Allie’s life is too important to wait on a possible donor.” His hand grips the back of my neck and holds me firmly in place as my legs start to liquefy.
“I...”
“He’ll be here tomorrow,” he says gently but firmly.
“How?” I choke out.
“Clara. I own one of his biggest investments. I made it clear that I would let the hotels tank if he didn't get tested.”
“No. No, Dom. I can’t see him. Allie can’t see him.” My vision starts to blur and I feel dizzy. Dom’s arms wrap around my middle, holding me up.
“There is no other choice. It’s done. If he’s a match, Allie gets a kidney,” he states quietly.
“And a dad?” I question.
“Never. I made it very clear that he’s to stay out of both of your lives or I’d personally report what happened to you,” he says gently. My legs finally betray me and I start to go limp in Dom’s arms. This isn’t real. None of it is real. My brain is at maximum capacity and I just can't wrap my head around what's happening. Effortlessly he scoops me up, carries me back into Allie’s room, and lays me on the cot. “Everything will be okay,” he soothes, rubbing my back. I can’t stop trembling until Dom lies on the tiny cot with me and holds me tightly to him, whispering in my ear that everything will work out. It takes hours but eventually, with Dom’s arms around me, I fall asleep.

When morning arrives Dom is gone. Sawyer and Allie are quietly going over some of her school work together since we’ve been trying to keep her up to speed so she doesn't get held back. A smile tugs at my mouth watching the two of them together. I stretch and crack my neck, trying to get rid of the way my body hurts from sleeping on the tiny cot night after night.
“Morning, Mom,” Allie chirps at me.
“Mornin’, love. How are you feeling?” I coo at her.
“Mom...I’m okay,” she rolls her eyes at Sawyer while they snicker at me and continue on. I give her a kiss on the head before hitting the bathroom to freshen up. Standing in front of the mirror I am horrified. There are dark circles under my eyes and I look like I just survived the Holocaust. It’s not a pretty picture. I splash my face with water in a lame attempt to bring some life back into it and head back to Sawyer and Allie.
“How’s the school work coming along?” I ask mostly to Sawyer.
“She’s still struggling with math... she’s totally your kid.” He smiles up at me. His eyes scan my face and, noticing my haggard appearance, snakes an arm around my waist and pulls me into a hug. “You don’t have to see him you know,” he says quietly into my ear.
I nod into his shoulder and straighten. “Has Dom been around this morning?” I ask.
“Yeah, he’s ahh...in with Dr. Brandt,” he informs me.
“He’s here then?” I ask and Sawyer nods.
“Who? Who’s here?” Allie asks watching us.
“No one, baby,” I smooth her hair and head for Dr. Brandt’s office.
Face Off
The walk across the hospital is torturous. I haven’t seen Charlie Hollingsworth in ten years. I haven’t seen him since that night. I was supposed to see him that famous morning for brunch with Daniel but conveniently had fallen down the stairs. Memories of the charity event, his offer to escort me to the ladies room, and subsequently what had gone down, flash through my mind. The man doesn't need two kidneys but I really don't want Allie to have anything more than she already does from him. Dr. Brandt’s door is in view and closed. I walk right up to the handle with every intention of turning the knob and barging in but I can't seem to move from my spot. I can hear Dom’s voice chattering just on the other side of the door along with some other muffled voices. I reach out and touch the knob. It actually feels like it’s scorching a hole through my palm. I pull my hand back feeling injured and wonder what the fuck I’m supposed to do. My breathing is more like shallow gasps as I try to muster my non-existent courage. The voices behind the door start to escalate, startling me. It’s the push I need to move. I turn the handle and push through the door. Three heads whip around to face me but I only see one and it terrifies me.
“Jade,” he bellows. Dom growls next to him and Dr. Brandt just stares dumbfounded at us.
“Charlie,” I croak. Dom and Charlie stand at the same time but Charlie makes it to me first. He looks so much older than I remember him.
“I’m curious. How much is Allie’s life worth to you?” he sneers.
“Wh...what?” I let out on a broken whisper.
“Enough, Charlie,” Dom’s voice is thick with disgust and firm.
“No. She deserves to know, don’t you think?” Charlie whips out at Dom. “Jade, I understand you’ve found yourself a new bank account to live off, but I won’t be blackmailed. If Dom tanks the hotels stocks, so be it. I will happily get tested to see if I’m a match but there will be new rules,” he says, taking a step closer to me. “You will pay me...and my publicist will take the opportunity to run a heart-warming story on how I donated a kidney to a child in need.”
“But... she’s your daughter,” I crow. “I don’t want anything from you, I never have. Why can't you just do this? I never told a soul! I never bothered your family! I disappeared for Christ’s sake!” I wail at him.
“You humiliated my son in ways he never recovered from. You disgraced my family, Jade.” His tone is serious and dark.
“You... you raped me,” I stutter out. Dom moves to my side as my hands ball into fists at my sides. Years of repressed anger and rage bubble to the surface. “YOU RAPED ME! I hate you! FUCK Daniel. He’s a sniveling idiot, that's exactly why I left! I couldn't bear bringing a child into your family knowing it would turn out like the rest of you! She’s amazing. She’s part of you and she’s amazing.” My voice cracks and tears stream down my face. “You will get tested. If you are a match you will donate your fucking kidney, and here’s why Charlie... because if you don’t, I will give your publicist the story of a lifetime. Rape, son who beats his women, you demanding payment for your kidney...one that’s for your bastard daughter!” I am so sick of living like this. Of worrying who knows what and who I can be with. I let all of the verbal diarrhea flow out until I’m toe to toe with him and Dom’s pulling me by the waist backwards. Charlie’s wide-eyed and staring at me. I’m not who I was back then. I’m not afraid of him anymore, nor do I care to impress him or conform to his family’s expectations. I am not Jade McQueen. I’m held tightly against Dom and I can feel his ribs shaking slightly. That fucker is laughing at me!
“Clara, I think you made your point,” Dom says trying to steady his voice. “Charlie, I suggest you get started now with your match testing. Clara is a woman of her word and will probably set out to ruin your life if you don’t do this...and if she says to, I’m likely to tank the hotels just to add insult to injury,” he says gruffly. Charlie stands, quietly absorbing the situation at hand, while I try desperately to breathe instead of puff air. The tension in the room is so thick I think it might swallow us up whole.
“One hundred thousand dollars, if I’m a match, and then you and I don’t exist to each other. No PR, no contact ever again. I want a written contract, signed,” Charlie states. I gape at him in disbelief. He can’t be serious. Did he not just hear anything I said?
“Done. I’ll have my lawyers draw up a contract now. Dr. Brandt, can we fast track his testing?” Dom speaks as I remain silently gaping in shock.
“Of course. Senator Hollingsworth, I’ll need you available for the rest of the week.”
“Fine.” Charlie hands him his card, pushes past me and walks away.
“Breathe, Clara,” Dom demands. I suck in a sharp breath and look to him.
“Dom...” I begin, but he cuts me off. “I will have the contract drawn up, it will be airtight, and I will pay him the money. This needs to happen if he’s a match. The money’s a drop in the hat for me.”
“I... no... this is crazier than a Lifetime movie,” I shake my head at him.
“It’s already done, Clara, let it go.” He grabs my arm and leads me back to Allie’s floor. Allie is napping when we get there. Sawyer’s head shoots up when we enter and confusion and worry instantly riddle his features. I crawl into the bed with Allie and lay down with her, closing my eyes. I hear Sawyer stand and the two of them shuffle out of the room to the hallway leaving just muffled voices filtering through the air as I drift off to sleep holding my baby.

“Clara, love, wake up,” Sawyer murmurs in my ear. I lazily open my eyes and meet his beautiful blue eyes.
“What is it?” I ask.
“Come get a coffee with me.” He tugs my wrist and pulls me from Allie’s bed. She’s still out like a light. As we head to the cafeteria in silence I can't help but go over the absurdness that took place in Dr. Brandt’s office earlier. None of it makes sense. It’s not at all how I thought things would happen and it bothers me. Sawyer gets us each a coffee while I find a table and try to wipe the sleep and grogginess from my face with my palms.
“Something’s not right,” he states, sitting across from me.
“Huh?”
“Clara, Dom told me everything and it’s not right. It doesn't add up. Why does he need money? Why would that matter to him? Why wouldn't he be worried about you telling your story? He knows something we don't and I’m worried.”
“You know, I thought it was strange the way he didn't really seem phased by being here, seeing me or any of it I guess. He seemed...prepared.”
“Dom didn’t seem all that phased, considering the situation and your feelings about all of it,” Sawyer says.
“What are you getting at?” I ask, slightly irked.
“I don't know, Clara, something just feels off.”
“If she gets the goddamned kidney I don't give a shit. I disappeared once, and if we have to do it again I can...as long as she's healthy and with me,” I say a little defensively. Sawyer pinches the bridge of his nose and lets out a breath.
“Just please listen to your gut and tell me if something's not right, okay?” he finally says.
“Always, Sawyer. Always.” I reach out and grab his hand. “I’ve missed you a lot,” I say softly. He retracts his hand from mine.
“Just pay attention, okay?” he repeats before standing and leaving me alone at the table in the cafeteria. I sit sipping my coffee, wondering where Dom actually is right now, why Charlie seemed rather nonplussed by this whole thing, and why Sawyer’s gut and mine both tell us something’s off. I try to shake off the feeling. It doesn't matter how she gets a kidney, I remind myself, just that she gets one. After that happens I can figure out the rest of this mess, but until then...I toss my coffee cup without care into the trash can and head back up to Allie.

It’s truly amazing what money can make happen. Someone who would normally wait year after year for all the necessary steps to happen for a transplant can suddenly be looking at a wait of only a few months. The donor evaluation is divided into four phases: blood and tissue type matching, initial screening tests, one-day donor evaluation, and scheduling the donor surgery. The blood and tissue type matching happens two weeks before surgery: a visit is scheduled for both the donor and the recipient at the Pre-Operative Evaluation Center, then a final cross match is be done one week prior to surgery to make sure the tissue is still compatible. For Charlie, by the third post-operative day, if there are no problems, he will be able to be discharged from the hospital and finish recovering at home. Lucky for us, Charlie turned out to be a match and the surgery is happening tomorrow morning. It’s been the longest three months of my life since finding out he could donate. True to his word, Dom provided Charlie’s lawyer with a contract stating that he would donate his kidney for a hundred thousand dollars, and that after his discharge from the hospital there would never be any mention of the transplant. Violation of the contract would result in a financial penalty. It seemed like the most ridiculous piece of paper in the world to me, but then again, Dom had once given me a contract meant as an out if I wanted to get rid of him, so maybe this is just how men like them do things.
Since the surgery was scheduled Dom has been slowly doing more and more for work and spending less and less time with me. Not that I can blame him. He has two businesses to run and has taken an enormous amount of time off already for me. Still, it seems like he’s distancing himself from me. Sawyer and I decided to close the shop for the month so that we can both be at the house to take care of Allie during her recovery. I’m dreading having to get through tonight. Allie of course is a nervous wreck but she gets happy drugs to knock her out and ensure that she gets the rest she needs. Sawyer and I are reduced to two anxiety-ridden adults who either need to drink coffee all night and skip sleep, or attempt to nap together to get at least a little rest. The only other time we were this amped up with nerves, Allie was almost five and had a fever of 104 that we couldn't manage to bring down. We didn't know what was wrong and neither did the doctors at the ER. After a night spent pumping her full of fluids the fever broke and she was all better. I snort a little at the memory of Sawyer running around frantically, trying every known fever reducer Google had to offer.
“What’re you laughing at?” he asks quietly.
“I was just thinking about the last time you and I were this jacked up, when Allie had that fever.”
“Jesus, that’s right,” he chortles to himself.
“Sawyer,” I call to where he sits.
“Yeah?”
“Come snuggle on the uncomfortable cot with me,” I suggest hesitantly. He narrows his eyes at me for a long time and I’m sure he’s not going to come over but he surprises me and does. I snuggle into his side tightly because the cot is stupidly small and he is not. I like the feel of it. Sawyer’s always been able to comfort me in ways that others just can't. I’ve missed his arms. We don’t speak. We don't need to. I know all his worries are the same as mine and his love for Allie is, too. Old habits die hard, apparently, because in Sawyer’s arms, with Allie’s steady breathing next to us, we both manage to fall asleep just after midnight.
Scars
“The scar on my tummy is stinging a little today,” Allie complains. It is fresh, and it is a little unsightly. It is just over two weeks ago that she received Charlie’s kidney, and she was discharged from the hospital one week later. Now at home there is the slow process of getting to know her new body. After seventy-two hours Allie was delighted to be able to gorge on orange juice, bacon, pancakes, and eggs. Watching her eat and not worry about her body being able to filter out all the crappy parts was pure joy.
“Just try to ignore it,” I tell her with a little smile. There is anxiety about the possibility of rejecting the organ but there is such joy, not just for me, but for her and all who love her, that she is safe and sound now. Dominic has gone back to work mostly full time now but there is a strange distance between us and I can’t figure out why. When he does come over or we go out he’s moody and bitchy. I know I have a lot on my plate and maybe he is just feeling left out or something but seriously he needs to pull his head out of his vagina and deal. Allie comes first. He knows that. He kind of fought for that. He baffles me. For the most part Sawyer and I are back to our shifts at Bloodlines so that someone’s always at the shop and always home with Allie. Things between us are easy for the moment because our focus is the same: Allie’s recovery.

Dom: Won’t be back till weds
OK. everything alright?
Dom: Yes
Miss you

I sigh and set the phone aside. Sawyer briefly narrows his eyes at me but says nothing. After a long, ridiculously hot shower, and trying to scrub away the bad feeling I have in the pit of my stomach about Dom, I settle onto the couch next to Sawyer and Allie to watch mind-numbing cable for a while. At midnight Sawyer gently wakes me as he carries me to my bed. “You fell asleep on the couch. Allie’s sleeping. I’m going home,” he whispers to me as he pulls the covers up over me.
“Okay. Sorry,” I mumble sleepily. He smiles sweetly at me before shaking his head and leaving. I hear the click of the door as it closes and drift back to sleep where better days with Dom haunt my dreams.
* * * * *
“Allie, you have to go to school today,” I say sternly.
“I’m not ready!” she crows.
“You are,” I stand firm.
“Mooooom!”
“Don’t. It’s time,” I cut her temper tantrum off at the knees.
There were two slight rejections during the first few months, but they were easily treated and she slowly regained all her normal abilities.
“Listen to your mom, Allie,” Dom clips at her. It makes my temper flare when he talks to her like that but I keep my mouth clamped shut.
“You’re not my dad,” she whips back at him with ice in her voice.
“Enough! Both of you!” I shout, breaking their stare-down. “Allie, school! Sawyer’s outside waiting to drop you off. GO!”
She hangs her head and stomps out the door. I turn to Dom feeling prickly. “She’s sensitive. You don’t need to egg her on,” I tell him as calmly as possible.
“You let her walk all over you since the transplant.”
“I do not.”
“You do, Clara. She’s fine. She’s NOT dying. It’s time to stop treating her like she’s breakable,” he admonishes while glaring at me. What crawled up his ass and died?
“You know what? You don’t have children. You don't know what it’s like to feel helpless over something you love so much it could break you. You don’t get it! I’m her mom. I will parent her however the hell I want! YOU DON’T HAVE A SAY!”
“I don't?! We’re together, Clara. We have been for the better part of a year now! Sawyer gets a say but I don't?!” he roars at me, frustrated.
“Sawyer practically raised her! Of course he gets a say!” I yell in frustration.
“How dare you...he’s no more her father than I am or am willing to be!”
This puts me on defense. He’s right, but he’s wrong, and I don’t know how to combat his statement.
“I’ve already dared...to say...what I did!” My words are lame and falter as they leak from my mouth. His lips twitch slightly. I know my retort sounded completely moronic. His shoulders start to shake as he tries to not laugh at me. Finally it becomes too much.
“I’ve already dared....to say... what I did!” he shouts with a deep belly laugh before doubling over, still laughing at me.
“You know what... just...shut your hole!” I snap and storm out of the kitchen. I hate being laughed at. Okay. I hate sounding dumb and that’s exactly what I sounded like. He follows me to the living room, not laughing now.
“You’re just so damned adorable when you’re that pissed,” he says quietly behind me. My hair is brushed off my neck and over one shoulder as he places a light kiss just below my ear. It makes me shiver. He places another one on my shoulder and slowly turns me to him.
“I’m sorry we’ve been bickering lately,” he apologizes, running a hand through his hair.
“Me too. Why are you so distant?” I ask hesitantly. I’m really just not good at this relationship crap. It’s so much easier not having to worry about other people’s feelings.
“Charlie,” he states.
“Care to explain that?” I ask, completely baffled.
“Not really. It’s not true and it just messed with my head,” he says cryptically.
“Ahh...” I trail off, unsure where to go with this.
“Let’s just go back to us. I’ve missed you. Allie is doing great. Sawyer can go back to living at his apartment and we...well, right now, I think we should go back to bed,” he finishes and trails a finger from my neck down to my belly. I can’t help it. His touch is like crack and reduces me to a melted pool of lust at his feet. I push up on my toes and yank his face down to mine.
“Kiss me,” I breathe into his mouth. He doesn't waste any time. His lips crash into mine as he scoops me up into his arms and moves us to the bedroom. I miss this. I miss us existing together easily. It’s a natural feeling. I revel in his touch and let him make me forget all the little warning bells I’ve been hearing lately about him.
We All Fall Down
No matter how hard I try I can’t seem to please everyone. Does this make sense? I don't want to be mean anymore. I didn't mean to make anyone upset. I don't want to pretend anymore. I disappoint everyone, try as I may. No one wants to get hurt. Especially me. Dominic is really being irritating regarding Sawyer. Of course he is going to come over and help out and see Allie. We’re still treating her with kid gloves, I know, but that’s our choice and I wish he’d just get used to it and deal.
Sawyer, bless his heart, has really made an effort to be a non-asshole to Dom. Dom, however, doesn't seem to care that he’s making an effort for my sake--okay, well, really for Allie’s sake. I’m completely torn. I find myself falling in love with Dom more and more as the months go by. He is everything I’ve ever wanted, if you ignore his cash flow. He is tender and sweet and thoughtful. He loves Allie and treats me like the person I’ve always wanted to be but am just too...hard to actually be. I know I’m distrusting and defensive and rough around the edges. I wasn't always this way though, and he pulls that old me out of myself more and more. I like it.

I’d meant for Clara to be a fresh start. She would be smart, fun, and not naive. I’ve somehow let her end up being a lying, bitter bitch. UGH! Dominic comes home tomorrow morning, Monday, from a week-long trip to California. Our texts and phone calls have been short and curt due to the fact that I for once haven't lied to him. Sawyer’s been over a few nights and Dom had a shit-fit about it each time we spoke. He didn't even bother calling or texting me at all today and my anxiety is at an all time high over it.

“Will you just calm down,” Sawyer grumbles at me while I fidget on the couch. “He’s not leaving you.”
“How do you know?” I snap.
“Clara, I hate to admit it, but he’s crazy about you. I should know...I was too,” he says softly.
“Was?” I find myself asking.
“Don’t,” he snips at me. I blow out a breath and rip my hand through my hair.
“Sorry. I’m just...a mess,” I blow out.
“Look...The Transporter is on. Jason Statham always distracts you, let’s watch it,” he offers and I burst out laughing. One, because he’s totally right, I have a huge celebrity crush on Jason and two, because he waggled his eyebrows at me in the most absurd way.
“All right,” I say and snuggle into the couch, resting my legs over his lap and pull the blanket off the back of the couch over us.
* * * * *
“WHAT THE HELL!” a deep voice, roars ripping me from sleep so startlingly that I fall off the couch. Wait...the couch? I look up and scrub the sleep from my eyes and find Dominic looming in the living room.
“What’s your problem, man?” Sawyer shouts at him.
“My problem?” Dom snorts. “My problem is that you and my girlfriend were sleeping on the couch together!”
“Dom,” I say softly, “it wasn't like that.”
“FUCK YOU Clara! I’m so sick of your lies. I knew you would eventually go back to him. You can't seem to help yourself can you?” he sneers.
“Don’t talk to her like that. She didn't do anything wrong!” Sawyer jumps in to my defense.
“Shut up! Sawyer, you don't have the balls to tell her no. It’s obvious you want her still.”
I sit on the floor gaping at Dom, unsure why his reaction is so insane.
“Dom,” I try again.
“Clara, enough. The lies are never ending with you. The drama is never ending with you. Charlie warned me but I didn’t listen. When I first met you I knew you were the one. Until I showed up and met him,” he snarls at Sawyer. “I know better than to be friends with girls with boyfriends. You play the victim and I'll be the bad guy,” he spits.
“He wasn't my boyfriend and what the hell did Charlie say?!” I shout angrily.
“That you were a lying, gold-digging whore who strings men along. Guess what Clara...he was right.” His words cut deep and I actually wince from the pain of them. Tears start falling down my face. His face is hard and unforgiving as he stares at me.
“I could’ve sworn I was yours,” I choke out on a sob. “I never played you, Dom. I didn't and don't care about your money. I ruined an amazingly good man and relationship for you. I love you!” I cry out. His eyes soften for a moment. Probably because it’s the first time I’ve said “I love you,” but it passes quickly. I’m too late and it wasn't the right time to say it.
“Mom?” Allie’s sleepy voice bounces off the walls of the hallway at the top of the stairs. Sawyer jumps up. “I’ll get her,” he clips as he moves past me to make sure she doesn't witness the scene playing out.
“You know what Clara...you’re an asshole. I don't know you...how could I? You don't even know who you are or what you want. I’ve been patient. I’ve tried to gain your trust and even still you can’t truly be with me,” he snorts, “or Sawyer for that matter. No one will make you happy. You’re impossible to please.” He finishes and stalks over to me. It feels like it happens in slow motion but I’m sure it doesn't. He crouches down to me and rips the butterfly from my chest. “This, this was something beautiful, something you are not capable of.” He stands and walks out. Dominic Napoli just told me where to go, how to get there, and left me. I can’t form words. My heart feels like it’s shattered into a million tiny pieces. That’s the exact moment that I realize what I lost because I’ve never had my heart decimated like this before. I’ve never felt this horrible void in my chest over anyone else, not even Sawyer. I curl into a tiny little ball on the rug as sobs wrack my body and stare vacantly under the coffee table. I’m almost positive I will never even get up.
Couldn't Put Humpty Together Again
It’s been four weeks and two days since Dominic walked out of my house with my heart. Sawyer has been so worried sick over my ability to function that he’s been sleeping in his old room. It’s easier this way, he can get Allie up and to school, make sure she’s taken care of at night, and that she has someone able to be there for her, because I sure as shit can't
I’ve had three clients in the last four weeks. I can’t even seem to lose myself in my work anymore. Hell, I struggle to actually get out of bed every day. Thank god for sleeping pills, otherwise I don't think I’d even be sleeping. I’ve tried writing, e-mailing, texting, and calling Dom to try and beg his forgiveness but I can’t reach him. There are no responses from him, ever. I heard Sawyer mumbling to Allie that it was nice of Dom to call her and check in on her at the shop after school a couple times but that she needed to understand that he and I weren't going to get back together. He called my baby but he won't even hear me out. I pretty much go from my bed to the couch and to bed again, unless it’s Wednesday, when I force myself to the school for chorus class. I miss him so painfully that I wonder if the feeling will ever dissipate, even just a little. I’m sitting on the couch, like always, when the doorbell rings. “I got it,” I shout to Sawyer who’s fixing us lunch in the kitchen. I get up, looking like crap, and answer the door.

So here’s the thing I didn’t tell anyone. My dad died when I was young after a prison stint and my mom...well, let’s just say our apartment had a revolving door of men growing up. I despise her. When I started dating Daniel she was over the moon--about his money. She constantly begged and borrowed. I hated her for it. We never really had a good relationship to begin with but it only got worse with Daniel. When I went to college I’d hoped to lose her once and for all, but with Daniel somehow came my mother. The first time Daniel ever hit me, I told her. She told me to she didn’t believe me and that’s when I stopped talking to her but more importantly when I stopped funneling his money to her. When I left Daniel, I left her too. She doesn’t know about Allie and I’ve told everyone who’s inquired for the last nine years that my parents are dead. Oops. Just another little lie to add into the mix I suppose, but I really never considered her giving a shit or finding me. Apparently, I never really considered a lot of things when I ran, because here she is, in all her white-trash glory, standing next to Daniel who is smugly leering at me.
“What. The. Fuck,” I exhale, gaping in shock.
“That’s no way to greet your mother,” she snorts at me, unaffected as she looks me over.
“Are you shitting me?!” I crow, throwing my hands up. This is so surreal. Her perfume wafts through the air and I feel physically ill from the memories it brings with it.
“Your mom? Clara?” Sawyer says on a breath behind me. I snap my eyes shut and inhale deeply. Shit.
“Allow me to introduce you. Donna, this is Jade’s...ahh...what do you call him anyways, Jade? Boy toy? Roommate? Lover? Tell me if I’m getting close. Oh, and where is Dominic?” Daniel’s voice is dripping with hate. Sawyer’s breathing is ragged and I don’t dare to turn around and look at him. I already know he’s seething. I’m shit out of luck though because Sawyer’s arm darts out past me and slams the door shut in our guests' faces before spinning me around to face him.
“Where do they end, Clara? How many lies are there? Have I ever known you?” he spits out. I open my mouth to say something, snap it shut, and then open it to try again when his hand clamps over my mouth. “Don’t. I won’t believe whatever it is that’s going to come out of your mouth anyway.” He drops his hand from my mouth as I gape at him. He starts to brush past me towards the door but I can’t let him go like this. I want to scream at him that this is the end of them. There is nothing left to uncover, but I don’t. I’ve used him and hurt him and lied to him and I can see the hate in his eyes. The one person who probably knew the real me is walking away.
“You’re the only person who’s ever known me,” I whisper. His steps falter but he doesn't stop and he doesn't turn around, he just opens the door, pushes past my mom and Daniel, and leaves. Sawyer just left me. He just walked out of my life. I can feel it in my bones, there’s no coming back from this.
“Aren’t you going to invite me in?” my mother’s voice breaks me out of my thoughts and I swallow the giant lump in my throat.
“No. I’m not. You are not a part of my life,” I tell her and then direct my gaze to Daniel. “You aren't either. I don’t know why you brought her here, Daniel, but at this point--I just don’t give a shit. You’re all dead to me. Get the hell off my porch before I call the police.” I slam the door in their faces and lock it before sliding down against it to the floor and staring blankly at the patterns in the hardwood floor. Each scuff, each nic, each scratch is a memory of my, Sawyer, and Allie’s life together. I feel like I’m suffocating. There are no more secrets left to bear to anyone and there is no one left to tell them to. Everyone’s walked out of my life. Looks like me and Fiona Apple will be having a reunion, again. I tuck my head between my knees and let myself cry until I have no tears left and my eyes feel raw and bloodshot.

Allie comes home from her play date at six. For a nine-year-old she’s pretty damned quick, I’ll give her that. “What’s wrong?” she asks cautiously.
“Grown-up stuff, babe. Nothing for you to worry about,” I use the age-old excuse. She rolls her eyes, drops her bag to the floor, and stares me down.
“Try me.”
“Alliecat, really. It’s got nothing to do with you.”
“Where is Sawyer?” she pushes.
“Gone,” I choke out. Her eyes bug out momentarily at me.
“What did you do?” Her voice is calm but her eyes are furious and her little fists are balled at her sides.
“I...Allie, someday I’ll explain everything to you, but not now. Sawyer made a choice because of choices that I’ve made and he...it was too much for him. He walked out today. He loves you though, you know that.” I can’t give her anything else. She has no idea about life before her. There’s too much to explain and she’s not old enough to understand it all.
“I. Hate. You,” she spits. “You destroyed Sawyer for Dominic and then you let him walk out, too! Who are you?!” she wails at me before darting to her bedroom and slamming the door behind her.
Who am I? Jade McQueen seems to be creeping back into my life but Clara Lord is making all sorts of messed up mistakes, too. Clara was supposed to be better than Jade but now they’re just one in the same, somehow blurred together. Allie’s words burn me with their truth. Things I’m good at: sleeping, pushing people away, screwing things up. Apparently, that’s it.
Pieces of Me
I hate it when I plan a conversation in my head but the other person doesn't follow the script, so I'm writing you a letter, like the old biddy that I am. I've decided that life is all about ass. You're either covering it, laughing it off, kicking it, kissing it, busting it, or trying to get a piece of it. Unless you're me, then you just are one. I'm trying. I really am. I'm working on me. Best joke ever: my love life. Reasons to date me: I laugh at my own jokes so you don't have to...I feel like a tampon: in a good place at the wrong time. UGH! Why can't I just write one real thing, one real emotion, to let you know how I miss you, want you, and care about you?
I want you to be a part of me, Dom. I really do. I hope you can forgive me. I’m working on me. Just me. Figuring out all the things that I need to know about myself so I can be worthwhile for you. Please wait for me.

I read and reread the letter a hundred times before sending it. It’s not much in the way of an honest and open dialogue but I hope to God he reads it and at least sees I’m trying to change. It’s been four months since Sawyer has spoken to me. We are strangers to each other now. It’s strange and uncomfortable but necessary. It’s been five months since Dominic has spoken to me and I still feel his absence like a knife in the back, just out of reach and painful. Allie still goes to Sawyer’s on his weekends but she doesn't ever talk to me about him. It took me making a therapy appointment to get her to talk to me. We started going together and now that we’ve worked out our issues I’m going alone.

My counselor asks me things like: What makes you happy? And for the life of me, the list I’m able to come up with is short and shallow. It took three months to finally start finding myself. Figuring out what I really want out of this life and why. How to try to get it and how to just be alone. That was huge. I realized how much I depended on and used Sawyer without even meaning to. That session had been so tough. I’d bawled like a little bitch the entire time wondering when I had turned into such a bitter jerk. Even though I let him in, I never really let anyone in. I protected myself and Allie. I never let anyone see in total who I was, who I am. I was so guarded and jaded. We talked a lot about my childhood...turns out I have some serious repressed anger and issues surrounding my mom. Then we talked about college, and finally Sawyer and Dominic. Once we started working through all those problems, one at a time, the light bulb went off for me. Sawyer and Dominic made sense after dealing with the things that came prior to them.

Now that things in my brain are falling into place I’m stuck dealing with the guilt of all my actions over the last decade. Jesus, the guilt. It’s a slow process but I’m getting there. Allie and I are good. We have a dinner date once a week now, her choice of restaurants where we just laugh and have fun and talk. Our evenings and nights are quiet. We always do dinner together and watch a smidge of TV before she’s off to bed. I’ve become a crazy reader. I devour almost a book a night now. I enjoy it so much. It’s something outside of my child and my work that I love doing. I’ve poured myself into the chorus at school and back into my clients at work. Both things I’m passionate about and make me smile at the end of the day. I’ve also started running again. It’s been almost as therapeutic as therapy. I try to get out every morning after Allie goes to school and before I’m due in to work. One fabulous side effect is my body looks amazing. I didn’t really have weight to lose but I did lose some and I’ve toned up everywhere. Amanda and Margaret finally came to see me. I’ve never asked them down before and they’ve never met Allie. We had the most amazing and cathartic girls’ weekend ever and now everything’s out in the open. They help keep me sane and make me laugh most days. And Allie was enamored with them almost instantly. They are like long lost aunts to her and it was amazing to see them all interact.

Marg: BITCH!
What?
Marg: Oh good, you know your name!
Hahaha thanks.
Marg: Love ya honey
Ditto bitch
Marg: ;)

Without them, the last five months would have broken me. I’m sure of it.

Dear Dom,
There have been too many casualties. Everyone's better off without me these days. I'm doing the best I can to hold on. I miss your arms. I miss your face. I miss your smell. I miss you. Please know that I’m changing. I’m alone and will not date any time in the near future, and that includes Sawyer. We’re over. He won’t even accept a friendship with me. I hope you’re doing well. I hope you’re smiling. I hope you can forgive me someday. I really do hate that you hate me. My therapist told me to write down all my feelings, but I’m crap at that. I fell in love with you, even though I shouldn't have. I want you to know that. I want you to know that I did love you. I do love you. I...

Clara

I send a letter to Dominic once a month. I just need him to know that I think about him. That I want him and that I’m trying to do right by everyone. I haven't received a single goddamned response to the last five letters. I’m not going to lie: it hurts. It cuts deep, but I’m not going to give up. I walk to the end of the driveway, put letter number six in the mailbox, and raise the red flag. I let out a deep breath and try to calm my nerves. Every letter I send makes me anxious. I want him to read them, to write back. Something. Anything. But once the letter is picked up I have no way of knowing any of that. Maybe he doesn't even get them. Maybe he refuses to read them and tosses them in the trash. Who knows? The hole where my heart used to be is still a gaping wound but I’ve gotten better at living with it.

“Mom!”
“Allie!” I shout enthusiastically back at her.
“Carmen’s sick! We don’t have anyone to sing the solo tonight!” she freaks out on me.
“Allie, you can sing it or what about Nina?” I offer encouragingly.
“No...Nina doesn’t know that part. I don’t want to do it,” she says glumly.
“Why not? You have a gorgeous voice!”
“Mooom. I just...”
“Allie. You can do it. Is there anyone else who can replace Carmen besides you?”
“Not really.”
“All right then. Let’s get you warmed up and practiced before we head back to the school.”

Allie and I prepare for her solo in MGMT’s “Kids” song and end up having a really good moment together. I enjoy her so much. I’m thankful for the one-on-one time that we have so much of now. At six, Allie steps down from the risers, ready for her part. She kills it and I couldn’t be more proud of her! We follow with “Paparazzi,” “The Climb,” and “Just Dance.” The parents go wild with a standing ovation for the talented little rugrats in front of them. The kids rush me and tackle me in a hug as they knock me down to the ground. I can’t stop the giggle that bubbles up and out of me. One by one the kids back off and get back on the risers.
“Hey! You’re done! Go find your parents!” I call above the cheering. Allie shakes her head at me and smiles. The piano starts playing and I whip my head around to see who’s playing it.
Dominic Napoli is beaming a wide, warm smile at me as he plays. The kids start singing “True Colors” and my eyes start watering. I turn back to the kids as tears drip down my face. They sound amazing and they’re singing for me. I’m flabbergasted. Did Dom do this? Did he talk to the kids? Is this song from him to me? Questions swirl around my head as I listen to their little voices sing so sweetly to me. The last piano note sounds and although I’m not one to show weakness I drop to my knees. They just can't support me anymore and I sob. Two strong arms pick me up and set me to my feet.
“It shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't. I’m in love with you, Clara,” his voice rumbles and makes me tremble. Did I just hear him right? I stare up into his black eyes and blink once. He grins at me. “Yes, you heard,” he answers as if he can read my thoughts. I leap into his arms, wrapping my legs around his waist and squeezing him insanely tightly to me. The kids go nuts and soon the parents join in as well. I peel my face from Dom’s neck and take his cheeks between my hands as I look him over. His face is warm and soft and I can’t stop myself from pulling his lips to meet mine. I kiss him, in front of everyone, as if my life depended on it. As if we were never going to see each other again and I needed him to know just how much I loved him. He kisses me back just as passionately before pulling me off him and setting me to my feet. “Clara,” he says on a breath.
“Yeah?” I answer breathily.
“Will you go out with me?” he keeps a straight face while he says it but I can’t control the laughter that rips from me.
“What?” he says. “We are in an elementary school.” His deep laugh rumbles through me. I pull him into a hug, relishing the way his arms feel wrapped tightly around me. Leaning back, I look up to his handsome face. “Yes,” I breathe. “Of course I will.”
Aftermath
Dominic and I weren't just all rosy and happily ever after. We had a lot of shit to work through, mostly my absurd baggage. He was still hesitant and kept his guard up for the first month that we dated. And let me tell you, dating only was damn hard! We saw each other maybe twice a week and actually went out for proper dates.

I couldn't even remember the last time I’d been on a date with a man. A real date. Where they pick you up, open doors for you, take you somewhere to just talk and flirt and then drop you at home with a chaste kiss goodnight. It’s been interesting, that’s for sure. In some ways it’s really nice getting to know each other this way and in others, it’s the most frustrating thing in the world. I know what he feels like, how his touch drives me wild, and I want that back. The heat in his eyes some nights is almost too much for me to handle but he’s stuck to his guns and hasn't done any more than kiss me.

“Clara, wake up.”
“Mmmm. I told you, I’m only a morning person on December twenty-fifth,” I grumble and pull the blankets over my head further. The blankets lift slightly and Dom burrows under. When his lips find my hip, fire ignites and my body practically hums with need. A smile creeps over my face as I let him wake me up in this delightful way.
A year ago, if you had asked me if I would be living at the lake house with Allie and Dom, I would have told you you’d lost your mind. Yet, here we are, going strong. Dating slowly turned into trusting which slowly turned into a real, live, honest-to-God relationship. We’ve had bumps in the road but mostly we’re able to talk through everything and mostly those bumps are still my hang-ups. Dom has time and time again proven to me that he is everything I want, everything I deserve, and that I’m everything to him. He’s amazing. The heat...oh the heat hasn't fizzled out at all; if anything, it’s amplified. Who knew actually trusting someone with your heart could make hot sex even hotter?! I’ve definitely been missing out over the years. “Don’t stop, babe,” I moan, “I’m almost there.”
His lips pull away and his head pops out from under the covers. “Oh good, you’re awake,” he grins. The laugh that bubbles up and out from my belly is loud and boisterous as I push his head back down to the place I want it most.

Per Dom’s request when we moved into his lake house full time, we had a housewarming party. Marg, Amanda, and even Sawyer came. It was the party of all parties. I don’t think I’ve ever seen Dom laugh so hard or be so relaxed in front of so many people, but he definitely won everyone over. Sawyer pulled me aside and we had a heartfelt moment together where he finally forgave me and let me know he was happy for me. The relief I felt at his words was indescribable. I was still carrying so much guilt over our relationship and fallout that his words truly set me free. After our chat he’d dragged me over to his date and introduced me. There was a pang of jealousy that initially shot through me but she was a lovely girl and I really hope they work out. I want, no, I need Sawyer to be happy.

I still drive into the shop three days a week to take clients by appointment only, which makes me happy, but now I also get to be home with Allie and Dom the other two days of the week. It’s a luxury I never truly thought I’d have. Dominic Napoli cut his office days down to three a week. Something that, well, blew my mind. We have game nights and family dinners--things I just thought I couldn't have so didn't look for in life. I’m even less crass than I was, which is a total feat in itself and something that makes Dom laugh every now and again. It’s hard to be so crass when you wake up grateful every morning.

Of course I’m still seeing my therapist--you don’t get rid of a lifetime of baggage with any sort of speed but I’m leaps and bounds ahead of where I was just a year or two ago. But possibly the craziest thing that’s happened took place just last night.

“How’s my girl today?” Dom asked when he breezed through the door, looking extra dashing.
“Fantastic. How 'bout you?” I’d replied, smiling at him.
“My day was good but it’s about to be better,” he smirked at me devilishly.
“Oh?” I’d asked as he prowled over to me. My breath hitched when he reached me and dropped to a knee, grabbing my hand before I could tug it away from him.
“Clara Lord, will you do me the great honor of sharing all my obscene wealth and social standing by being my wife?” his voice rumbled through me as he pulled out a honking diamond solitaire. I stared at the sparkling monstrosity and blinked twice, unable to do anything else.
“Breathe, Clara,” he whispered. Slipping the ring on my finger, a gigantic grin erupted on my face and a swirl of happy emotions swept through me. This life was finally everything I’d ever dreamed it could be. All my senses came rushing back to me as I realized he was staring at me, waiting for an answer.
“HELL YES!” I screamed, tugging him up and leaping into his arms before raining kisses all over his face and head while his laugh boomed through the air. He held me tightly to him as he started towards the bedroom for a proper celebration.
-End
To those I thank…Thank you. This story is my favorite. It was challenging to write but oh so much fun… and the characters, I hope, were real and true and relatable.
Emma, thanks a million for reading over this with your crazy editing eye. Tara- you were a fantastic beta reader and your feedback was so helpful to me!
To my family for supporting me and being encouraging on this crazy journey!
And, of course to my two good friends (wink) for giving me so much fun inspiration!! I love you both!

I hope to continue the Bloodlines story with Sawyer’s story, so keep those eyes out for more books coming! I love hearing from you, please review, comment or reach out to me with feedback, questions or comments!
Try another book by K. Larsen
30 Days
Committed
Saving Caroline
Dating Delaney
Tug of War
If you appreciate your romance with snark and spice, perhaps try:
Strictly Business
By Aubrianna Hunter
She is an architect; successful, professional. So when she meets Jake Morgenstern she refuses to let the stubborn, sexist, obnoxious pig of a man disrupt her calm demeanor. No matter how strong, gorgeous and ridiculously appealing he is. 
He is expecting a man. So when Jess Wythe turns out to be Jessica, he is thrown off. When he finds that the somewhat frumpy architect is hiding a beautiful woman behind those boxy suits he is even more surprised. Imagine his utter shock when he finds that not only is she gorgeous, but he is drawn to her on an almost visceral level. 
The attraction between these two explodes in more ways than one. You're never quite sure if they are going to make love or war. Will they ever find a way to make the fireworks work for them?
Or
Forever
By Eve Newton
Liv Nelson has a history that spans a millennium. She has everything a girl could want. A global empire, money, power, eternal youth, beauty, a car for every day of the week, a wall full of shoes, and men who worship and desire her - Just some of the perks of being a thousand year old Vampire. But with the good comes bad, and she realizes that even with eternal life she may not be able to escape the demons created by her past.

Caught in a web of love and desire, she is torn between the three men with whom she could share forever. Constantine, her maker, Devon, the immortal she made, and Cole, a human actor who has also stolen her heart.

As the demons of her past reveal she is the object of a shocking revelation, which brings with it an uncertain and unwanted future, will she make the right decisions?
About the Author
I am an avid reader, coffee drinker, and chocolate eater who loves writing. I received my B.A. from Simmons College-a while ago. I currently live in Maine, The Way Life Should Be! 

I'm working on my sixth novel currently. I've published Saving Caroline, 30 Days, Committed, Tug of War and Dating Delaney.
I have a weird addiction to goat cheese and chocolate martinis, not together though.
I adore my dog. He is the most awesome snuggledoo in the history of dogs. Seriously.
I hate dirty dishes.
I like sarcasm and funny people.
I should probably be running right now... because of the goat cheese....and stuff.
I love hearing from you so please feel free to contact me!

http://ferrarik.wix.com/klarsen

@klarsen_author

https://www.facebook.com/K.LarsenAuthor
