


A Grosvenor Square Christmas

A Regency Anthology 

by 
Anna Campbell,
Shana Galen,
Vanessa Kelly,
and Kate Noble




Copyright © 2013

Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved.


Cover Designer: 
Ebook formatted by Jessica Lewis
Author’s Life Saver

License Notes:
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for lending, delete it from your device and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work. 

This book is a work of fiction. All characters and events have no existence outside the imagination of the author. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. 



To sample any of the stories included in this bundle, click on the links below:

The Seduction of A Duchess by Shana Galen

One Kiss for Christmas by Vanessa Kelly

His Christmas Cinderella by Anna Campbell

The Last First Kiss by Kate Noble

TABLE OF CONTENTS


A Grosvenor Square Christmas Prologue

The Seduction of A Duchess by Shana Galen

One Kiss for Christmas by Vanessa Kelly

His Christmas Cinderella by Anna Campbell

The Last First Kiss by Kate Noble



Prologue


There is very little about the gray stone house that makes it different from the houses to the right or left of it. Indeed, the entire street, the entire square is remarkably the same. The same stone. The same windows. The same incredible wealth on display.
Well, it is Grosvenor Square, after all. It has to have some grandeur.
But for all the elevated sameness, No. 3 Grosvenor Square stands out.
Perhaps it is the owner. After all, Lucy Frost, the widowed Countess of Winterson is a reigning doyen of the ton. (How could she not be with a name like that?) It has been said, not proven, that she has a trail of discarded lovers the length of Pall Mall. Said too, yet not proven, that her husband died happily, after a fit of laughter brought on by her marvelous wit. Possibly in bed. But that is merely delicious speculation.
What has been proven is that she throws a fabulous party. Lady Winterson’s eccentricity and popularity would certainly add to No. 3’s allure.
Then again, perhaps it is the butler. Philbert was procured by Lady Winterson when she purchased the house, and found she needed someone tall enough to hang holiday garland. He has been standing at the door of No. 3 for decades. Curious, since he doesn’t look any older than a man half his (unknown) age. 
Philbert is an institution, and knows the secrets of everyone who passes through No. 3’s door, as well as how they take their tea. Surely, he can account for the way the house draws the eye of everyone who promenades past.
Or perhaps, it is something in the house itself. Something hidden in its stones, that glitters and glows and stores itself up until it cannot help but burst forth, shining on those darkest nights in the depths of winter. On those special nights, when Lady Winterson throws her annual Christmas Ball, people flood No. 3, bringing all their hopes, their excitement and the merriment of the season with them. 
But be it the house, the hostess, or her butler, it is during the Christmas Ball every year, for one special couple, that No. 3 Grosvenor Square truly is magic.
As long as they look in the right place.


The Seduction of a Duchess
A Sons of the Revolution story

By 
SHANA GALEN

Copyright © 2013 by Shana Galen



For Gayle. I couldn’t have written this story without you.


Acknowledgements


Special thanks to the Brainstorm Troopers for your help with Gabriel. I think it was Anne Mallory who suggested I make him a “servant! A really badass servant!” Nothing like the idea of a badass footman to propel me to start writing.

Thanks to the Shananigans for your support, especially Sarah Rosenbarker and Sue Gorman for your suggestions and comments on the first draft.

Thanks to Abby Saul for your fabulous copyediting and to Theresa Romain for your help with French. Any mistakes are completely and utterly mine.

Thanks to Kim Killion for our gorgeous cover.

And thank you to Vanessa Kelly, Anna Campbell, and Kate Noble who agreed to participate in this project without the least hesitation. You three have been a joy to work with. I’d do it again in a second.

One


London 1803

“Do not look now, Your Grace, but there is a man staring at you.”
At Felicity’s words, Rowena turned her head—exactly as she had been instructed not to do. She caught herself just in time and returned her gaze to her son Armand’s wife. The lovely girl with the blond hair and the ever-present smile had been at her side since they’d arrived at the ball. If this ball were like the others, Rowena would not be alone for even a moment. One of her sons or their wives would keep her company—as though she was a girl who’d just made her come out. But it had been a long, long time since Rowena’s come out.
The ball at No. 3 Grosvenor Square was held each year during the Christmas season for the members of the ton still in Town. Rumor had it half of the ton actually returned for the sole purpose of attending Lady Winterson’s ball. The lords and ladies of the upper ten thousand whispered that the ball was enchanted, and it did indeed seem so, for each year the ball managed to produce a match when a special couple fell rather unexpectedly in love.
Rowena did not believe such rubbish. She certainly did not expect or even hope to fall in love. She was a dowager and far too old for that sort of thing. When, last year, for the first time in memory, the de Valère family had received Lady Winterson’s invitation, Rowena, as the matriarch of the family, had politely declined and thought no more of it. The family had already planned to remove to Armand and Felicity’s country house and she looked forward to a holiday in the country. But she had made the mistake of mentioning declining Lady Winterson’s invitation the day after Christmas, and from the family’s uproar, one would have thought the King had died.
She had not expected another invitation this year—after all, one did not decline an invitation to the Christmas ball at No. 3 Grosvenor Square and then expect a second chance—so when the card came, she had accepted with alacrity. The entire family would again travel to The Gardens, Armand’s country estate in Southampton, a day or so after the ball, and everyone, save Armand and herself, had been thrilled to be included in the celebrated holiday gathering. So she had resignedly agreed to accompany her three sons and their wives to the affair in Grosvenor Square tonight.
“You may look now,” Felicity said in a loud whisper, “but only if you pretend to look about the room before you fix your gaze near the refreshment table.”
“I am too old for this,” Rowena said.
“Rubbish,” Felicity argued. “Your cheeks are as pink as any debutante’s at the mention of an admirer.”
Rowena resisted putting her gloved hands to her cheeks and decided she would peer about the room rather than respond to the girl. She was no debutante and had not been one in many a year. At seven and forty, she was far too old for admirers and love affairs. She studied Lady Winterson’s ballroom. It was a lovely room, quite spacious enough for the hundreds of guests invited. Paneled in pale blue with cream molding and embellishments, the room had been made even cheerier by the hundreds of candles burning in the chandeliers, the warm fires in the hearth, and the boughs of evergreen and beribboned bouquets of holly on the mantels.
Guests were still arriving, and Rowena expected a crush before the night was over. It had been some time since she attended a ball where she could later boast of the affair as having been a squeeze. Once she’d been the popular daughter of an English baron and invited to every event of the Season, but then she married a French duc and removed to France with him. Her three sons—the duc de Valère, the comte de Valère, and the marquis de Valère—were French noblemen in name only. Since the revolution and the coming to power of Napoleon Bonaparte, her sons had no French estates to speak of. The family was accepted into Society and even welcomed, but they were not the ton’s darlings by any stretch.
Oh, they made the gossip columns now and then, and when one had money, making friends was always easy. Julien, only seven and twenty but clever with finances and investments, had more money than he knew what to do with, and Bastien, ever resourceful at five and twenty, had made his own fortune. But Rowena cared little for wealth. She was happy her family was together again. She only wished dear Philip could be here too. It had been fourteen years since he’d been beheaded by the blade of Madame Le Guillotine, and she still missed him every day.
Rowena blinked at the sparkling crystal chandeliers blazing with light and then lowered her gaze to the chalk still lining the edges of the dance floor, where hundreds of feet had not yet rubbed the art away. Her gaze flitted to rest on her son Julien and his wife, Sarah, laughing with Lord and Lady Aldon. As the Duke and Duchess de Valère, they represented the family. Julien took his role seriously and made a point of speaking briefly with all of the family’s friends and acquaintances. Rowena did not see Armand, but she spotted Raeven and Bastien easily enough. They were dancing a reel, laughing and spinning like mad. The two of them always made her smile.
And finally, she allowed her gaze to wander to the refreshment table. Ah! There was Armand. Her quiet son appeared to marvel at the plethora of sweet and savory offerings, and at the other end of the table—
Rowena caught her breath.
Her gaze snapped back to Felicity. The girl nodded. “I told you he was watching you.”
Rowena put a hand to her heart to steady the pounding. “So you did.” She managed to sound calm, though her voice retained a breathless quality.
Felicity was not fooled. “What is the matter, Duchess? Are you unwell?” She frowned in concern.
“No. I—” She could not seem to control her gaze, for it defied her wishes and returned to the man standing beside the refreshment table. He was still watching her, his lips curled in a slow smile that gave her delicious goosebumps.
Gabriel.
Could it really be him? Impossible. He looked like the footman she remembered, but he—the footman who had once served her family so faithfully—could not possibly be dressed like a nobleman and attending the Countess of Winterson’s ball.
Except…if it was not Gabriel, why was he staring at her?
She’d thought of him often over the years, wondered if he was well. She recalled him as a young man, little more than a boy at two and twenty, but he was no boy now. He was a devastatingly handsome man. Even across the ballroom she could see how tall he was, how his broad shoulders tapered to a lean waist. And there were his eyes—that unique shade that was not quite blue, not quite green. When his gaze touched her, she felt heat infuse her limbs from her belly all the way to her toes.
The music ended and Raeven and Bastien approached. Rowena turned to Felicity. “Perhaps I should step outside for a breath of air.”
Felicity frowned. “Madam, it is freezing outside.”
“What is the matter?” Bastien asked, coming to stand beside her. “Ma mère, you look as though you have seen a ghost.”
That was an apt phrase if she had ever heard one.
“Rowena, shall I fetch you a drink? Some champagne?” Raeven asked.
“No, I only need a breath of air.”
Suddenly Julien and Sarah were beside them. “Lady Winterson is coming this way,” Julien said between clenched teeth curved into a smile so it would not appear he was discussing the countess.
Rowena turned to observe their hostess crossing the ballroom. The countess was young for a widow. She could not have been more than five and twenty. She was also quite lovely with blond hair, large blue eyes, and a lush figure. The scandal broth Rowena heard was that the old earl had died in his new wife’s bed. His energetic young bride had been too much for him, but he’d died with a smile on his lips.
The countess’s arm was twined with…Rowena’s breath seemed to whoosh out of her, and she could not manage to draw enough in again. Lady Winterson’s arm was linked with Gabriel’s as the two descended upon Rowena. Watching them come inexorably closer, she suddenly had the urge to run. It was a most unbecoming sort of urge, especially for a woman of her position and her maturity. But she suddenly felt eighteen all over again, and prone to immature action.
“My dear Duke and Duchess de Valère,” Lady Winterson said, curtsying prettily. Julien and Sarah curtsied in return and Julien said…something. Rowena was no longer listening. She was staring at the man beside the countess. It was he. Gabriel. And she was suddenly awash in memories. She and Julien had ridden away from their burning chateau, away from the bloodthirsty peasants, and into the security offered by the woods. Just as she’d thought they were safe, a man jumped out at Julien and her, frightening both them and the horses. To her relief, it was Gabriel, who offered to help them escape and, a day later, saved their lives. She remembered her nausea when they’d been attacked on the road and Gabriel had shot a man in the head to save them. He’d done it—murder. For her and her son.
She looked at Julien before returning her gaze to Gabriel, who watched her unabashedly. Did her son not recognize the man, their savior? Did none of the boys remember their servant? He looked so much as he had all those years ago, though Rowena realized that he must be now, what six and thirty? He still had the long straight nose of his Gallic ancestors and the thick black hair, though he had acquired a few patches of gray at his temples. His eyes were pale greenish blue and framed by thick brows and lashes. He had high patrician cheekbones and a strong noble jaw, though he certainly was no nobleman.
“Allow me to introduce the most celebrated man in all of England,” the countess said, finally indicating Gabriel. “This is a fellow Frenchman, Monsieur Lemarque. But he is better known as the French Fox.”
Bastien gasped. “Good God, man, is that you?” He cut his gaze to his mother.
Most of the family was aware of her fascination with the French Fox. She’d followed the reports of his feats of bravery religiously. The way he’d snatched innocent aristos—mothers and children, old men—from the blade of the guillotine was nothing short of heroic. He escaped even the most intricate traps the enemy laid for him, seemed to laugh in the face of danger, risked everything for men and women to whom he owed nothing. She was half in love with the mysterious spy already.
And Gabriel was the French Fox. It all made sense now. Gabriel, the man who had once held her hand when they’d been hiding from revolutionaries—“Do not fear, duchesse. I will die before I allow these devils to so much as look at you.”
Now Gabriel smiled thinly and glanced at Lady Winterson. “That was supposed to be our secret, my lady.”
Rowena took a slow, shaky breath as heat flooded through her. His voice. That accent.
Lady Winterson waved a hand. “Oh, but you know I cannot keep a secret. It is much more fun to share. And, Your Grace”—she looked at Rowena—“I have a secret for you.”
Rowena blinked. “Me?”
The countess was smiling. “Monsieur Lemarque has asked for an introduction. I believe he would like to claim this dance.”
“What?” Rowena’s hand flew to her bosom. Her heart pounded painfully in her chest. “But why?”
“Yes, why?” Julien asked. Sarah put a restraining hand on Julien’s arm.
Ignoring them, the countess reached for Rowena’s hand and joined it with Gabriel’s. “Duchess, allow me to present Monsieur Gabriel Lemarque. Monsieur, the Dowager Duchess de Valère.”
Her hand felt small and weightless in his much larger one. She was aware the eyes of her children were on her, and she tried very hard not to notice how strong his fingers felt or the way he peered down at her with those alluring green-blue eyes. “Your Grace.” He bowed his head. “I would be honored if you would favor me with the next dance.”
“I…” She did not know what to say. She had not danced in years. And even in her dancing days, she would not have danced with a man such as Gabriel—a mere footman. But looking at him now, in his coat of superfine and his tight breeches and starched cravat, she knew he was no mere footman. He was the man to whom she owed her life.
He was looking at her, his expression expectant and slightly bemused, as though he knew the turmoil in her mind. His mouth curved up slightly in that way French men had—the way she had always found incredibly erotic.
“I…”
Oh, good grief. Was everyone waiting for her response? Julien was watching her, his gaze dark and protective. Sarah’s brow was furrowed with concern. Felicity was smiling encouragingly. Bastien winked at her, and Raeven was watching Gabriel, assessing him as one might an enemy about to attack. Rowena shook her head, aware she must give an answer. “Yes, thank you, sir.”
“Your Grace.” He bowed his head. “I will collect you in a few moments’ time.” He moved away, the countess at his side.
Julien was the first to speak. “What is that man about?”
Felicity sighed as Armand joined them, standing at his wife’s side. “Is it not romantic? He sought you out, Rowena.”
“Why?” Raeven asked. “For what purpose?”
“To dance, dear,” Sarah added. “We are at a ball, after all.”
“What is the French Fox?” Julien wanted to know. “What did Lady Winterson mean by that comment?”
“He’s a spy,” Bastien said. “The one maman is always reading about. I heard the French Fox was given a knighthood for his role in the capture of several officials in Bonaparte’s government.”
Rowena considered that the least of the Fox’s accomplishments.
“Is he a real spy?” Julien asked his brother, “or a pretend spy, as you were a pretend pirate?”
Bastien gave him a dangerous smile. “Any time you wish to test my skills as a captain, Julien, say the word. Your ship will rest on the bottom of the ocean at my slightest command.”
“Boys,” Rowena said, cutting them off. “It is a dance, nothing more. It will be fun.” But was she convincing herself or them?
Armand gave Felicity a curious look, and Felicity nodded at Gabriel, who was standing a little ways away conversing with their hostess. Rowena warmed when she realized he was still watching her, waiting for the next set to begin. “Monsieur Lemarque has asked your mother to dance,” Felicity told her husband. “She has accepted.”
Armand’s gaze followed the direction of Felicity’s nod, and he tilted his head. “Gabriel.”
“Finally!” Rowena said. “Someone other than me recognizes the man.”
“You know Monsieur Lemarque?” Sarah asked Armand.
“He was our footman.”
At Armand’s words, Julien turned to stare at Gabriel outright. “The footman?”
“Yes,” Rowena said. “Have you forgotten the service he did us, Julien?”
“No.” Julien shook his head, his eyes clouding. “But…I…you will dance with a footman? I do not like it.”
“Well, it is too late now. I have accepted, and here he comes to claim me.” Indeed, before anyone else could speak or object, Gabriel was before her, bowing and holding out a gloved hand in invitation.
She took it, feeling her breath catch at his touch—even through the fabric of their gloves. As though he felt it too, he glanced down at her, his gaze meeting hers, and then led her to the center of the dance floor. Belatedly, Rowena realized they would be at the top of the set. Everyone would be watching them.

“Quelque chose vous dérangez, Your Grace?” Gabriel asked, watching her look nervously about the room. He didn’t remember her being a nervous woman. She had always been calm and serene. And beautiful, so incredibly beautiful. No doubt his presence here had unnerved her.
Her attention snapped back to him, and he felt his heart thud slowly in his chest, the way it had all of those years ago whenever she looked at him.
“I am not used to dancing, that is all,” she said. Her voice sounded more British than he remembered, but then she’d always spoken in French when he’d known her before. He had not even known English then. He’d been a young man, and she the mistress of a large chateau, the beautiful wife to a powerful and wealthy duke. She was a duchess, but more than that she was a kind woman. It was her kindness that slayed him. She’d cared enough about a nobody like him to tutor him in reading. He’d been poor and illiterate, but she told him he had a future. And then she’d given him one with her patient instruction. How many hours had he watched her mouth form words, her delicate fingers trace writing on the page, the firelight limn her hair until it glowed blue-black? The arch of her brow, the curve of her cheek, the tilt of her chin—he knew her face as well as his own. How could he have not fallen in love with her?
“Not used to dancing? That is a tragedy. You should dance often, and with a man who worships the ground where you tread.”
Her lovely blue eyes widened. “If I were to wait for a man like that, sir, I would never dance.” The music began and they came together, touching palms.
“You are dancing with one such man now, madam,” he said and then stepped back.
She stared at him, her attention drifting only momentarily when she had to execute one of the figures. He knew she remembered him. He’d seen the flash of recognition in her eyes when he’d been standing at the refreshment table. He’d noted her the moment she and her family arrived at the ball. He’d watched her, unable to catch his breath at the sight of her. All of these years, and his feelings for her had not changed. She had not changed. Oh, she was a little older, a little sadder, but she was just as lovely. Perhaps she was even more beautiful. It was he who had convinced his friend Lucy Frost, the Countess of Winterson, to invite the de Valère family to her annual ball.
The dowager duchess had declined the invitation last year. He’d been determined to find another way to meet her, but with the rising tensions between France and England, he had been occupied by missions and assignments and had no opportunity to pursue her.
But she was here now, a breath away and reaching for him. He took her small hand as they turned, their gazes locked on each other as their bodies circled. “I know you remember me,” he said. “I have thought of you often over the years.”
“As I have you. You disappeared after you left us in London.”
Gabriel raised a brow. “Did you worry about me?”
“Yes. I would have given you employment.”
He laughed. “As a footman?” He shook his head. “Pas pour moi, merci.”
“I did not mean—”
He placed a finger over her lips before she could continue. Her eyes grew wide at his too-familiar gesture, and in his peripheral vision he saw her son Julien take a step toward them. So much like his father, that one. So protective. But Rowena did not need protection from him. “I am not offended,” he told her. “I helped you and your son because that was what any decent man would have done, not because I wanted anything in return. I was a footman, but after what I saw in the revolution, I knew I had a greater purpose.”
“And now you are a spy?” she whispered.
“Oui. And also a courier of sorts.” They separated for the next form and came back together.
“A courier of what, if I might ask?”
“Men,” he answered, unwilling and unable to say more. “But I am not so talented a spy. After all, you recognized me immediately.”
She blushed, a pretty pink color infusing her cheeks. He wanted to touch those cheeks, to caress them and feel their heat beneath the pad of his thumb.
For years he’d been numb. He lost his home and all he had known when he’d fled France for England. And then he’d not dared allow himself to feel lest his emotions interfere with his work. He was a spy against the country of his birth—a country gone mad with bloodlust, a country he could no longer recognize. England was his home now. It had taken him in, enfolded him in its dank, cold arms and given him the hope of building a new life.
Not as a footman. No, he would never serve again. But he found new opportunities open to him. He tutored the children of the haute ton in French, and he found a position with a man who worked in the Aliens Office. Lord Wickham saw something in Gabriel he hadn’t seen himself. He’d trained him as a spy and sent Gabriel back to France, this time on behalf of England.
Throughout all those years, Gabriel had not forgotten Rowena, the beautiful duchesse de Valère. In fact, there were times he imagined his work was in tribute to her, to avenge the wrongs done to her and her family. But that time in his life was over. He was no longer the French Fox. He had a title—the rumors of his knighthood were true—and he had a little land. Now he wanted to share his life with someone—no, not someone—her. Rowena.
“It was your eyes I recalled,” she said. “They are quite memorable.”
“Your Grace.” He inclined his head at the compliment. “Thank you. I am flattered you remembered me.” And relieved. He’d feared that if she did not accept the countess’s invitation this year, he might have to abduct her in order to see her again.
“I could hardly forget you after the service you did us.”
He shook his head. “You would have been fine on your own. I merely assisted you. I was but a youth. You were the one who had the strength to see all three of us through the ordeals that followed.” He led them down the line of men and women on either side of them.
“That is not true, and you know it,” she said with passion in her voice. “You saved my life—mine and Julien’s. If there is any way I can repay you—” But they were parted again, and he stood across from her as couples promenaded past them. He knew how she might repay him. He knew what he wanted.
Her.
He’d always wanted her.
And so when he took her hand for the last form of the dance, he leaned close until he was enveloped by the scent of lavender. His lips brushed her ear and were teased, in turn, by the velvet of her skin. “If you wish to repay me,” he whispered against her hair, “meet me in the blue parlor in a few moments’ time. I must speak with you. Alone.” The music ended, and he bowed to her. He would have escorted her off the floor, but Julien came to meet them. He took his mother’s hand and led her away. Gabriel watched as Rowena followed her son. She turned once to look back at him and, with a smile, Gabriel moved toward the parlor he’d arranged to have empty in the hopes she’d deign to see him alone.
He was as nervous as a boy before his first kiss. He had one chance to win her, to seduce her, to make her love him. He was, once again, hopelessly in love with her.


Two


Considering she owed him her life, Rowena could hardly turn down a simple request to meet Gabriel in the parlor. Nor could she tell anyone she was going to meet a man either. Julien would insist on accompanying her, and she did not need a chaperone. She was the mother of three and a widow. She was a dowager, for goodness sake—and didn’t that title make her feel elderly! Her reputation was not at stake. She could be alone with the man who had saved her life, and there was nothing scandalous about it. Nothing. Nothing at all. And as soon as her heart listened to her mind, it would stop thumping wildly. Her skin where he’d touched her, where his breath had caressed her, would cease burning.
“I cannot believe I did not recognize him immediately,” Julien was saying as he led her back to the circle of her sons and their wives. “We should do something to thank him for all he did for us.”
“Is he in need of anything, Rowena?” Sarah asked. “Was that why he wanted to dance with you?”
“He is not in need of anything,” she said, “and I do not think he wants to be repaid. He helped Julien and me because it was the right thing to do, not because he expected anything in return.” But what did he expect now? What did he want from her? A kiss? She shivered in anticipation. More than a kiss? Oh, yes, please.
“The man is still doing good deeds,” Raeven said. “The French would love nothing better than to capture the sly French Fox.”
“And the English are grateful for his services,” Bastien added. “Our family, in particular, owes him a debt of gratitude for saving maman’s life.”
“Really?” Felicity clapped her hands. “How romantic!”
“It is not romantic,” Julien said. “I am pleased for the man, grateful to him, but I cannot help but wonder why he asked you to dance, ma mère.”
Everyone looked at her expectantly. Rowena straightened her shoulders and rose to her full height. “And why should a man not ask a woman to dance? I am not yet so old or ugly as to be incapable of attracting a man.” And suddenly she needed to prove that to be true. She needed to feel attractive and desired again. Gabriel made her feel that way.
The group fell silent, all staring at her with shocked expressions. Except Bastien. He was grinning. “Well said, Mother.”
“Not well said,” Julien cut in. “He is at least ten years younger than you, ma mère.”
“What are you saying, Julien? That I am too old to attract a man like Gabriel?”
“He is a footman!”
“Not anymore,” she shot back. No, he had ceased being a mere footman when he’d saved her life. And tonight, tonight he had practically swept her off her feet. He was so much more than a footman.
Sarah stepped forward. “Julien does have a point. Perhaps the man is a fortune hunter.”
Rowena scoffed. “Do you think me so bad a judge of character?”
“No!”
“Ma mère!
Everyone was speaking at once, arguing and gesturing wildly. A few people nearby turned to watch the Valère family antics with curiosity. For her part, Rowena only wanted to escape. Was Gabriel already in the blue parlor?
“Stop,” Armand said quietly. It was as though a thunderbolt struck. Everyone stilled. “If maman approves of the man, then I do. Without him, Julien and, consequently, I might be dead.”
Felicity put a hand on his arm. Rowena felt tears sting her eyes, and she gave Armand a grateful smile. Now was her opportunity. “Excuse me,” she said. “I must find the ladies retiring room.”
“I will come with you,” Raeven said.
Rowena gave the girl a look, and Raeven shrank back. “Actually, Bastien was just about to ask me to dance.”
With a nod, Rowena walked away, crossing the ballroom with her head held high. She had crossed this very same ballroom an hour or so ago when she had arrived, but she felt different now. Then she had been tired and annoyed that she was expected to attend the ball. Now she practically glided across the floor. A man had asked her to dance with him. A man had touched her lips, had seemed to desire her. Good Lord, she might even now be going to meet him for a tête-à-tête. She felt giddy and elated and light as air.
She had not felt this way since…since the first years of her marriage to Philip. She smiled as she thought of him. Philip had loved her so, and he would not begrudge her this romance so long after his passing. He would have wanted her to be happy, to enjoy life.
The sounds of the ball faded quickly when she stepped into the entrance hall. It boasted a gently curved white marble staircase with ornate ironwork and bright blue carpets. The iron railings were festooned with fragrant boughs of greenery. A servant of indeterminate years—perhaps thirty, perhaps closer to her own age—stood with his back to the wall, staring above her head.
“Excuse me,” she said.
“Your Grace.” He stepped forward, and she realized that he must be the butler. He did not wear livery; instead, he was dressed in a dark suit of rather fine material. He was a typical butler—a handsome man, noticeably tall, with a full head of brown hair and a pleasing, if stony, face.
“Are you Lady Winterson’s butler?”
“I am Philbert, her ladyship’s butler, Your Grace. How may I be of service?”
“I was looking for the blue parlor, Philbert.” Rowena felt her cheeks heat and she willed herself to stop blushing. She was no green girl. She was doing nothing scandalous—well, not so very scandalous at any rate.
“The blue parlor, Your Grace?”
“Yes.”
“Very good. Right this way, Your Grace.”
He led her across the entrance hall and to a door, which was slightly ajar. “This is the music room, Your Grace. If you pass through it, you will find yourself in the blue parlor.”
“Thank you.”
He stepped in front of the door, blocking her path. “You will need this if you are to enter the blue parlor, Your Grace.”
She looked down, expecting him to hand her a lantern or a candle in case she desired more light, but instead he held out a small leaf. No, actually, it was not a leaf at all. “Philbert, this is mistletoe.”
“Yes, Your Grace.”
“I do not need mistletoe, Philbert.”
“Of course not, Your Grace.” But he held the mistletoe out to her nonetheless.
“Philbert, I do not want the mistletoe.” How would she explain to Gabriel why she was carrying mistletoe? He would think she wanted to be kissed. Did she want to be kissed again after all these years? She rather thought that yes, she did. But she was not going to use mistletoe to accomplish it.
“I am afraid you may not enter the blue parlor without it, Your Grace. I have my instructions, you see.”
She stared at him. “Are you suggesting I must take the mistletoe or you will not allow me to enter the blue parlor?”
“I do not make the rules, Your Grace.”
She was wasting time, and this conversation was ridiculous. She yanked the mistletoe out of the butler’s hand and said through clenched teeth, “Thank you, Philbert. That will be all.”
“You are most welcome, Your Grace.” He stepped aside, and she could have sworn that the man winked at her. But that was not possible, was it? Servants did not wink at their employers’ guests. This was turning into a strange night. A very strange night, she thought as she pushed the door to the music room open and strode through it. She felt foolish carrying the sprig of mistletoe in her hand, but she did not set it down. She should have. Something made her cling to it—nervousness or hope or…anticipation?
She continued to walk, her legs feeling heavier with each passing step. Where was the sparkle and lightness of the ballroom?
At the far end of the music room another door greeted her. This one was closed, and she paused before it. This must be the door to the blue parlor. Her hand shook as she reached for it. Was Gabriel already inside? Had he given up on her? Had he changed his mind and decided he did not want to meet her at all?
And was she going to stand here all night like a ninny?
Rowena opened the door. The room before her glittered with the flickering light of a dozen candles. Hothouse flowers graced several vases, their intoxicating scents permeating the air. On the floor a sparkling path of winking spangles led to the man on the other side of the room. Gabriel turned to face her. Her legs went from feeling as though they were made of lead to feeling as though they were supported by nothing more than water. She wobbled slightly before she regained her balance and took a step forward. Into the room. Onto the magical path.
“You came,” he said simply. She saw his gaze drop to her hand, and she realized she was still clutching the mistletoe. Oh, why had she not tossed it on a table in the music room?
“Have you brought me something?” he asked.
“No.” She held up the mistletoe, looking for somewhere to toss it. “I was given this—”
His brow rose. “By whom? Another man desiring to kiss you?”
“No, of course…” She blinked at him. “You desire to…to…” She could not even say it. Her mind whirled, and she felt as though she’d been enchanted by the candles and the glitter and…him.
He moved to close the distance between them, and she caught her breath. He smelled of something dark and masculine—leather and spicy musk. It had been a long time since she had been surrounded by such a masculine scent. She gripped the mistletoe more tightly, and he reached for her wrist, wrapping his fingers about it and lifting her hand.
“Does that shock you?” he asked, the heat of his bare fingers penetrating the fabric of her gloves. “That a man would want to kiss you? You are a beautiful woman, Your Grace.”
“Rowena,” she whispered, wanting to hear her name on his tongue.
“Rowena.” He did not disappoint. His lips wrapped around her name, his voice making her shiver. “May I tell you a secret, Rowena?” His hand trailed up her arm until he reached the top of her glove. She gasped in a breath at the meeting of flesh against flesh. A fire seemed to kindle within her, sending sparks, as bright as the spangles littering the floor, coursing through her. His fingers were rough and callused, and she could imagine the hardened skin caressing the softness of her breast, bringing her nipple to a stiff, aching peak.
“What sort of secret?”
“An old secret.” His finger lingered on the bare skin between her glove and the sleeve of her gown.
“Please.” She did not know, exactly, what she was asking. Please would he continue to touch her or please would he tell her the secret. She only knew that her voice was husky and low, and she could not manage to speak above a hushed whisper.
“I have been in love with you for years. I fell in love with you the first time I saw you.”
“But…I…” She did not know what she had thought he might say, but that was not it. He couldn’t have been in love with her all those years ago, and how could he love her now? He did not even know her. But she did not know the French Fox, and she’d fallen in love with him—with his courage and arrogance and fearlessness.
“I know what you will say,” Gabriel murmured. “You were married and I was hardly even a man, but in all those hours we spent together, I came to know you and to love you. My feelings were genuine and pure. The duc was a good man. I loved him like a father.”
A father? Her heart sank, heavy with disappointment. “And I am certain you loved me in the same way. Like a mother.”
“Oh, no ma belle. I do not think of you in that way at all.” The look in his eyes, filled with passion banked and waiting, told her exactly how he thought of her now.
She shook her head, overwhelmed by the desire she saw in his gaze. “I am far too old for you.”
He laughed, and the sound rumbled through her. “You, old? No, Rowena. You are young and lush. What is ten years when I have waited for you so many more?”
“You cannot mean what you say.” But, oh, how she wanted him to prove her wrong.
“If my words do not convince you, then allow me to show you with my actions.” His hand moved from her arm to cup the back of her neck. His fingers were cool and firm and they plunged into the hair at the base of her chignon. His other arm wrapped about her waist, holding her firmly, bringing her body to his until they almost touched. She had not been held like this in longer than she could remember. She should tell him to unhand her, but for the life of her, she did not want him to release her. She wanted him to pull her closer until she was pressed against him, until their bodies were flush with the warmth and heat of each other. His shoulders were wide and his chest broad under the tight coat he wore, and she had noted his muscular legs in his tight breeches. What would his body feel like twined with hers? She imagined it would be something akin to warm steel…
She looked at his face and saw in it traces of the brave man he had been all those years before. He would have given his life to save her and Julien. But she remembered something else as well. Before that awful night, before the revolution, she could remember passing him in the halls of the chateau. He always had a smile and a pleasant word or nod for her. He was always at her elbow if she had need of anything, always eager to learn or to please her. She remembered looking forward to seeing him each day and thought they might have been friends had their stations in life not been so different.
Could they be friends now? Could they be more than friends?
She felt his fingers splay on her back, sending little rays of warmth up her skin. “May I?” he asked.
Oh, she knew what he was asking. He wanted to kiss her, but it was so much more than that. He might as well have asked, may I steal your heart?, because that was what he was doing. The French Fox had captured her, taken her captive.
He waited for her response, patient as no untried youth could ever be. She found that her heart still pounded from anxiousness, but also from the elation and the thrill of being in a man’s arms—a handsome man. A man she desired. “Yes, you may,” she answered him, eager for the feel of his lips on hers.
She did not wait for him to kiss her. She rose on tiptoes and bridged the gap between them, pressing her lips softly to his, feeling the shock of heat flare between them. Ah, delicious, delicious heat that radiated from her lips to her cheeks and down to her chest. Her breasts felt heavy, her nipples sensitive as they hardened into tight buds.
For a moment, he did not move, did not respond. Rowena was afraid she had shocked him, but then his mouth slanted over hers, his lips gentle but oh so persuasive as he captured her with a kiss. He coaxed her lips open and slid his tongue inside her mouth, teasing her with a light, playful stroke. The heat swirled lower, settling in her belly and trickling down until she felt the first stirrings of desire.
How had she existed for so long without this delicious sensation racing through her? How had she lived all these years without the feel of a man’s body pressed to hers, the touch of his mouth on her?
The answer was quite simple: she had not really been living at all.

Gabriel’s head was spinning. He was completely sober and yet he felt as though he were mightily foxed. Kissing Rowena was not at all like he’d imagined. It was so much more. 
It seemed impossible that after all these years and all of his fantasies—his very detailed fantasies—he finally held her in his arms. She was kissing him back, responding to his touch. It seemed impossible that the protective numbness he’d cloaked himself in all these years should fade away as easily as the morning mist. Quite suddenly, he could feel the incredible softness of her skin and the weight of her thick, dark hair on his fingertips. It seemed impossible that the ice around his heart should melt, and the old feelings, the old affection for her, should return so strongly and so completely.
She wrapped her arms about him, pressing her body closer to his, curling into him. She fit him perfectly, and he could imagine sliding into her, feeling her arch beneath him as he pleasured her. At the thought, he knew he must taste her. He broke their kiss and slid his mouth to the curve of her jaw. She smelled like lavender, and he inhaled, determined to sear the scent in his mind. He wanted to remember everything about this moment. His lips brushed the hollow beneath her jaw and then teased the skin of her neck. She shivered and whispered his name.
The sound of his name on her lips was enough to send him over the edge. He struggled to control his desire. He had waited for her all these years. He could wait forever if need be. He broke the kiss and looked down at her, her cheeks flushed and her eyes bright.
“Tu es si belle,” he murmured. “I am afraid of what might happen if we continue this way. Je te désire, Rowena.”
She swallowed. “I want you too, Gabriel.”
“Then you must allow me to call on you tomorrow. I will court you as is proper and ask you to marry me every day until you agree.”
“Marry you?” Her eyes flared with shock.
Had she thought he wanted her as a mistress? He would never dishonor her so.
“But how can you want to marry a woman my age?”
“Yes.” He chuckled. “What was I thinking? A beautiful, vibrant woman in the prime of her life. How could I want to marry a woman like that? How could I want a woman like that in my bed?”
“Gabriel!”
God help him. He should not speak this to her, but it was true. He wanted her. He wanted to hear her moan his name, feel her shiver with the pleasure he gave her. He wanted to wrap her in his arms and hold her while she slept, wake with her in the morning to see the sun shining on her porcelain skin. He wanted to watch as, over the years, lines and creases deepened on her skin, her hair turned gray, her gait slowed. Gabriel could only dream of being at her side for all of it. He’d never thought to have this chance with her, and now he clenched his fists to keep from going too far. “I do want you in my bed, Rowena,” he said, watching the lovely flush of color on her cheeks. “I have been imagining such a thing for many years, imagining all the ways I might pleasure you.”
She sighed, her breath shaky as her breasts rose and fell. If her reaction was any indication, she wanted him too.
“Will you allow me to call on you?”
“Yes,” she whispered without hesitation.
“Good.” He lifted her hand and kissed it. They stood facing one another, hearts beating as one, attempting to catch their breath.
“This room”—she indicated the parlor—“the glitter, the flowers. You planned this.”
“I prayed for this, Rowena. And you came to me. Do you like it?”
“I love it.” She smiled shyly. “But you did not need the mistletoe. I wanted to kiss you.”
“And I you, but I am confused. I did not give you the mistletoe or plan for you to receive it.”
“But Philbert—”
“Ah.” He nodded. “It seems we are the fortunate couple this season. Once again, this ball has worked its magic.” He brushed his lips over her knuckles. “And now I fear we must say au revoir before we are discovered.”
“Goodbye?” She blinked at him. He was backing away, unable to remain in this room with her and not kiss her again, not push her down onto one of the lovely chaises and kiss her until they were both senseless with need.
“Until we meet again.” He had almost reached the door when she stepped toward him.
“Wait.”

He stopped abruptly, and Rowena noted the way his expression turned steely as though he were prepared for the worst sort of news. She had not thought to mention her sons, to mention that Julien, in particular, would not approve of a match between them. At one time, she would have seen his point. Was she not too old to be matched? Was she not too old to be courted? She had thought all of that behind her, but now…now she wondered if such a thing was possible at her age. Was she being silly? Would she become the laughingstock of the ton if she fell in love with and married—good Lord, she was a grandmother!—married a footman?
But when she looked at Gabriel, she did not care. When she looked at him, she saw the man who had been there in her greatest hour of need. She saw a man she knew she could rely on. She saw a man whose eyes reflected desire for her.
Did she really care whether Julien or Bastien or Armand approved? Did she care what the ton whispered about her?
No. She had faced worse fates than swirling gossip or the censure of her children. Her sons would come around. She would insist upon it. And the beau monde could go hang itself.
Rowena crossed the room in three long strides and wrapped her arm about Gabriel’s. He smiled down at her, surprise in his eyes.
“I do not want to say au revoir.”
He raised a brow. “No?”
“No. Do you know what I do want, sir?”
“I hope you will always tell me. I will give you anything you desire.”
“I want to dance again. I want to dance with you all night.”
His lips curved. “What will people say?”
“Who cares?”
“Exactement.” He bent to kiss her hand, and when he looked up at her from under his lashes, his smoldering blue-green eyes were full of promise.
With a lightness in her step she had not felt in years, she allowed herself to be led from the blue parlor. In the entrance hall, the fragrance of pine and beeswax mingled, and the outer door opened and closed, giving her a glimpse of the snow falling outside. “Gabriel,” she said happily. “It is snowing. We will have a white Christmas.”
He smiled, led her inside the ballroom, where the music swelled with passion, and took her in his arms.

When all was quiet in the entrance hall, two figures stepped out of separate nooks. One was Lucy Frost, Lady Winterson. The other was her faithful butler. The two glanced at one another, as though exchanging a secret, and then as one turned toward the music room. Philbert held the door for his mistress and followed her through the music room to the blue parlor.
Once there, Lucy put a hand to her mouth and drew in a delighted breath. “There, on the floor, Philbert.”
“I see it, my lady.”
“One of them must have trampled the mistletoe,” she said. “I am afraid it cannot be saved.”
“I will cut another sprig, my lady,” he said. “If you require it.”
She bent to lift the crushed leaves and held them up, smiling at him. “Do you know, Philbert, I do believe this sprig still has some magic left.”
The End


Shana Galen is the national bestselling author of fast-paced adventurous Regency historicals, including the RT Reviewers’ Choice The Making of a Gentleman. She’s happily married to a man she calls Ultimate Sportsfan and has a daughter who is most definitely a romance heroine in the making.

For more information on Shana’s books or to see what she’s up to daily, visit these links.

Website: www.shanagalen.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/ShanaGaln
Twitter: www.twitter.com/shanagalen
Blog: www.jauntyquills.com

For more information on other books in the Sons of the Revolution series, click here. 

One Kiss for Christmas
A Regency Short Story

By 
VANESSA KELLY

Copyright © 2013 by Vanessa Kelly



Dedicated to my readers who’ve been waiting for Nigel Dash’s happily ever after

My heartfelt thanks to Shana Galen, Anna Campbell, and Kate Noble. It’s been wonderful working with you gals – let’s do it again! And many thanks to my critique partner Debbie Mason, who always has the answer to every plot problem.


London
December, 1818 

“Good God, simply tell the girl how you feel,” Silverton advised, clearly exasperated. “You cannot spend your life brooding about her behind marble pillars and potted plants. It’s undignified.”
Nigel Dash raised his eyebrows with incredulous disdain before realizing there were two problems with that unspoken response. The first was that no one could affect disdain better than the Marquess of Silverton. The second was that his best friend was right. When it came to Miss Amelia Easton, Nigel’s behavior was undignified.
That, however, was not a conversation Nigel intended to have, so he added in the politely sardonic voice he’d perfected years ago, “What a load of rot, old man. Been dipping into the champagne punch again, have you?”
Silverton looked mortally offended. “You know very well that I never allow champagne punch to cross my lips, especially the watered down swill Lady Framingham serves.” 
“It’s swill because she always invites too many people,” Nigel said, glancing around the packed ballroom. “She waters the bloody stuff down. You’d think Lord Framingham would know better, but he’s a nip-farthing if there ever was one.”
“Forget the punch. You need to do something about Miss Easton and you need to do it soon, or else you’ll miss your chance.”
Nigel scowled, resisting Silverton’s efforts to back him into a corner. Most days, he did his best not to think about Amelia, much less give the impression he was paying her any sort of extraordinary attention. “It’s beyond me why you’re making such ill-judged assumptions about my feelings toward Miss Easton. She’s simply a…a…” 
At a loss to describe the exact nature of his relationship with Amelia, Nigel trailed off. Almost unconsciously, his gaze shifted across the immense ballroom to fasten on the girl, inexorably pulled to her like metal filings to a magnet. He could barely make her out since she was surrounded by her usual jostling court of ardent admirers, most of them titled, wealthy, and considerably handsomer than Nigel. 
If he was honest with himself, he’d have to admit that obsession would be the most accurate description of his feelings, and he hadn’t the slightest notion as to when or how that obsession had developed. However it had happened, over the last several months a ridiculous amount of space in his skull had been taken up by thoughts of lovely Amelia Easton.
Fortunately, until now, none of his acquaintances had suspected that he—the most sensible man in the ton—had succumbed to such a maudlin, hopeless passion. A hopeless passion, since Amelia Easton would no sooner marry a man like Nigel than she would a butcher from Smithfield. After all, she was widely acknowledged as one of the great prizes on the matrimonial mart—beautiful, kind, good-natured, and disgustingly rich, or at least her father was. It was a most potent combination, and meant that the girl couldn’t step foot outside her family’s Mayfair townhouse without a pack of slavering bachelors in pursuit.
“How did you figure it out?” he asked Silverton. “I haven’t said a word to a soul, and I’ve been damn careful around Miss Easton, too.” 
The very idea that she might discover his weakness for her made his blood run cold. Amelia was a sweet girl, but she’d surely burst into laughter at the idea of dependable and boring Nigel Dash falling in love with the most sought-after girl in London.
Silverton propped his broad shoulders against one of the marble pillars that ringed Lady Framingham’s stiflingly hot ballroom. Nigel had never been one to envy his friends, no matter how wealthy, titled, or handsome. He came from an old and distinguished family and had enough money to last him ten lifetimes. More importantly, he was wealthy in friends, and had a mother and sister—both bang-up to the mark—who were devoted to him. He’d never had any cause for envy or complaint. 
Until a few months ago, anyway, when he realized he was hopelessly smitten with Amelia.
Silverton gave him a sheepish smile. “It wasn’t me who deduced your feelings. It was Meredith.”
Nigel didn’t know whether to be resigned or appalled, but after a moment’s consideration he decided the latter best summed up his reaction. “I beg you to tell me that your esteemed wife has not shared her insights with anyone else.”
“Of course not, but we’re both mystified that you’re holding back. Miss Easton is clearly still available. Not only has she been out for several Seasons, she’s cried off from two engagements with two exceedingly eligible suitors. The field would thus appear to be wide open. And, Nigel, it’s long past time you got married,” Silverton added with the annoying complacency of a happily married man. “You’re thirty-four already.”
“Not until next month. And may I remind you that you were the same advanced age when you married Meredith.”
“I was simply waiting for the right woman.” 
“Well, so am I,” Nigel retorted. 
“Don’t hold out too long, old man.” As the orchestra struck up a waltz, Silverton’s aristocratic features grew thoughtful. “Besides, I think you have found the right girl. Miss Easton’s temperament would suit yours quite well, I believe.”
Nigel agreed but, feeling more ill-tempered by the moment, he turned toward the dance floor with a good idea of what he would see—Amelia led into the waltz by one of her apparently endless stream of swains. This time it was Lord Broadmore, the man everyone regarded as the current favorite in the Amelia sweepstakes. The arrogant lord’s possessive demeanor as he guided her into the first turn of the waltz told Nigel that Broadmore believed he was Amelia’s favorite, too. And why not? He was rich, handsome, and heir to the Marquess of Lovering. Just the sort of fellow Amelia would no doubt wish to marry. 
“Blast it, Silverton, just look at the collection of suitors she’s got trailing after her, especially Broadmore.” Nigel gloomily watched the broad-shouldered Corinthian sweep Amelia gracefully down the room. “What girl wouldn’t want to be romanced by someone who looks like bloody Prince Charming?”
Silverton frowned. “And you’re what? The frog on the lily pad?” 
“Hardly, but I can’t compete with Broadmore. He’s got every girl in town half in love with him already. Why not Amelia?”
“Because Broadmore’s an arrogant ass. Do you really want Miss Easton spending the rest of her life with him? You’d be doing the poor girl a service by stealing him a march.”
Nigel had never looked at it that way before. Broadmore was an arrogant ass, one who had a great deal more bottom than brains.
Not that Amelia seemed to think so. As she and Broadmore spun past him, her light-hearted laugh drifted behind her, shimmering like fairy dust in the air.
“I see your point,” Nigel replied. “But Amelia doesn’t seem the least bit bothered by Broadmore’s character defects.” He tried to ignore the way his heart twisted into a hard knot at the thought of Amelia married to another man.
Silverton snorted. “Don’t bet on it. Miss Easton is polite to everyone, including asses like Broadmore. Besides, I understand her parents are doing their best to promote the match. I suspect Miss Easton is reluctant to disappoint them, given the unfortunate gossip surrounding her failed engagements.”
Many in the ton had labeled Amelia both a jilt and a flirt for crying off, unfair labels that infuriated Nigel. Amelia was no flirt, but a kind person who was too accommodating by half. Neither of the men she’d ultimately rejected had been good enough for her, and Nigel had applauded her courage in breaking the engagements. “If Miss Easton’s parents support the match it’s bloody unlikely she’ll go against their wishes.” 
Silverton dismissed that objection with the wave of a hand. “First of all, if I were a girl I’d much rather marry you than Broadmore—”
“Yes, well, you’re obviously not a girl, so your opinion on the matter is rather suspect.”
“And,” Silverton said, ignoring the interruption, “you’re also one of the richest men in England. Parents love to marry their daughters off to men like you.”
Nigel simply grunted. He hated talking about money, but Silverton was correct. Despite the ton’s general impression that his family lived in a respectable but fairly modest style, they were, in fact, disgustingly rich. His father had invested his small, inherited fortune with great care and to good effect, and Nigel’s efforts in the years since the old fellow’s death had been nothing short of spectacular.
“That’s all well and good, but Sir Mitchell and his wife are aiming for a title for Amelia,” he pointed out. “They’ve always been ambitious in that regard.”
Silverton scoffed. “Miss Easton never struck me as a girl dangling after a title.”
Nigel glanced at Amelia again, being led off the floor by Broadmore. Her cheeks were brightly flushed and a tiny frown marked her normally clear brow. She looked hot and out of sorts, and a moment later snapped open her fan to apply it with vigorous effect. When Broadmore filched the dainty little frippery from her hand with a laugh and started to languidly fan her, Nigel thought she struggled to maintain a pleasant expression.
“Well, Nigel?” Silverton’s sardonic tone drew him back to the conversation.
“You’re right in that I wouldn’t expect Miss Easton to hold the lack of a title against a fellow, but she doesn’t think about me as a…prospective suitor.” Nigel paused, forcing himself to accept the grim reality. “She sees me only as a friend.”
And that had been the story of Nigel’s life. He was everyone’s easy-going friend, and the perfect man to chat with old ladies or put shy debs at their ease. The best man to smooth over awkward moments, soothe flustered spinsters, or joke scowling dowagers out of a pet. And, normally, Nigel didn’t mind that role. He enjoyed lending a hand when needed and genuinely liked talking to people—all sorts of people, even the grumpiest of old dowagers. 
He was, quite simply, good, old Nigel Dash, the most dependable man in the ton, but certainly not a dashing suitor—a true irony, given his name. In the eyes of most young ladies—including Amelia Easton, he suspected—dependable was only a short step away from boring.
Silverton poked him in the shoulder. “Then you’ll have to change her mind. Make her see you in a different light, like I did with Meredith. You have to take control and sweep the bloody girl off her feet.”
Nigel eyed Silverton’s tall, golden magnificence. Women had thrown themselves at him for years, before his marriage. They still tried to fall at his feet, but Silverton had eyes only for his wife.
Women did not throw themselves at Nigel’s feet, no matter how much he might like them to. “That’s all very well for you to say, but look at you and then look at me.”
Silverton frowned. “I don’t follow.”
“My dear fellow, you may be a dimwitted aristocrat but you’ve never been arrogant about your personal attributes,” Nigel said with a wry smile. 
Not that he considered himself a toad. He’d been told on more than one occasion that his looks were pleasing. More than one young lady had commented approvingly on his blue eyes, and he did have a good head of brown, wavy hair. But as for the rest of him, he was merely of average height and tended to be lean rather than muscular. No matter how much he trained at Jackson’s Saloon, he only got leaner and tougher rather than imposing and muscled.
Of course, his fencing skills were second to none, but unless he and Amelia happened upon privateers or highwaymen, Nigel was unlikely to have the opportunity to display that sort of prowess. 
Once again, his gaze unconsciously sought her out, but this time it snapped into sharp focus. “Blast it, what are those idiots doing to the poor girl?” 
“What’s that?” Silverton asked.
“Amelia is clearly feeling the heat,” he growled, “and yet those bounders clustered around her are barely giving her room to breathe. Broadmore still hasn’t fetched the poor girl a cool drink, either.”
“Hmm, she does look rather overcome, doesn’t she?” Silverton cut him a sideways glance. “You should do something about it. It’ll give you the perfect opportunity to play knight in shining armor.” 
“Dash to the rescue again,” Nigel retorted. “How very predictable of me.” 
His friend unleashed a taunting grin. “But you do it so well, old man.”
“Bugger you,” Nigel tossed over his shoulder before pushing his way through the crowd. Silverton’s mocking laugh followed him. 
Even from a distance he could see the hectic flush of Amelia’s normally creamy complexion, her glossy brown curls wilting around her cheeks. She’d retrieved her fan from Broadmore and was waving it madly, not that Broadmore or her other swains appeared to take notice. They’d practically backed the poor girl into a stand of potted plants, each of them clearly loath to cede his position to another suitor.
Idiots.
Quickly, Nigel made his way through the jostling bodies around the dance floor, easing through with a touch of a hand on a shoulder and a quietly murmured apology. People smiled and gave way, allowing him to pass with a minimum of fuss.
“Good evening, Miss Easton,” he said as he took advantage of a small gap to slip between Patterson and Morris, two of Amelia’s more devoted pursuers.
“I say, Dash,” Patterson expostulated. “No need to push a man to the ground, is there?”
Nigel had given him a bit of a shove, but pushing to the ground was an overstatement. “Forgive me, old son,” he said. “Barely saw you, what with the crush.” He took the tightly gloved hand Amelia had extended to him and bowed over it. “Miss Easton, it’s a wonder you can even breathe with this pack of fellows looming over you.”
“Yes, it is rather a mob tonight, isn’t it?” Amelia replied. Her normally cheerful voice sounded strained. “I feel like I’m in the tropics, particularly since I seem to be standing in the middle of a jungle.” She cast a glance up at a large palm frond that was doing its best to tangle with the spangled comb set behind her top knot.
Nigel released her hand, giving her a swift but thorough inspection. Amelia could never be less than lovely, regardless of difficult circumstances. She had a porcelain complexion—when she wasn’t expiring from the heat—as well as large, sherry-colored eyes and a generous, laughing mouth that could soften the hardest of hearts. But as far as he was concerned, it was her jaw that made her so much more than pretty. Square-cut and determined, it ended in a sweetly stubborn little chin that spoke of the independent spirit that usually hid behind her innately accommodating nature. 
“Yes, it is beastly hot in here,” Nigel said. “Perhaps you might care to step with me to the refreshment table for a cup of cold punch or, better yet, allow me to find you a seat in the supper room. I imagine it’s cooler in there.”
Her lush mouth curved up in a grateful smile. “Oh, Mr. Dash, that would be wonderful. I’d love to sit down.” She cast a glance at Broadmore. “Especially after my waltz with his lordship. He has quite a vigorous style of dancing, you know. I was quite worn out by the time we quit the floor.”
Although delivered in a teasing tone, Amelia’s gentle rebuke struck home. The big lout had dragged her around the dance floor and then hadn’t even had the good grace to fetch her refreshments.
“Oh, hang it, Amelia,” Broadmore complained. “If you wanted to sit down you should have said so. I’m not a mind reader, you know.”
Irritation lashed up Nigel’s spine like the sting of a whip. Not only had Broadmore neglected Amelia’s comfort, his casual use of her first name indicated an intimacy and possessiveness that bordered on the insulting.
“Rest assured I will not repeat the mistake, Lord Broadmore,” Amelia returned in a polite voice. Then she turned a dazzling smile on Nigel. “I would be delighted to stroll with you to the supper room, Mr. Dash. I find myself quite in need of sustenance. Not to mention I fear you stand in grave danger of being trampled if we don’t remove ourselves immediately.” 
Since Patterson was currently poking Nigel between the shoulder blades and Morris had just elbowed him in the side, Amelia’s observation had considerable merit. But before he could extend his hand to her, Broadmore shouldered him aside. Nigel’s fingers automatically rolled into a fist, and it took some discipline to keep his temper within reasonable bounds.
“I’ll take Amelia out on the terrace for a breath of air, Dash,” Broadmore said. “You and the rest of this lot can go bother someone else.”
Nigel frowned. Broadmore was an ass, but even he knew better than to act with such reckless disregard for Amelia’s reputation. What the hell was the matter with him?
Amelia stared at his lordship with open astonishment. “Take me out for a breath of air? It’s the middle of December!”
“Besides,” Morris piped up, “wouldn’t do to be stepping out so privately with a fellow, Miss Easton. Lord knows what people would say if they got wind of it.”
When Broadmore leveled a furious glare at Morris, Nigel understood. The bastard was not only trying to stake out his claim on Amelia, he wanted to hurry things along by putting her in a compromising position.
“Thank you for the warning, Mr. Morris,” Amelia said with a kind smile. “But I have no intention of stepping outside with anyone.”
“Of course you don’t,” Nigel said cheerfully. “Now, if you’ll take my arm, Miss Easton—”
Broadmore shouldered him aside. Again. 
“Dash, why don’t you run along?” he said. “There must be some doddering old ladies or stammering debs to attend to. That’s what you’re good for, isn’t it? Not squiring the ladies.”
Nigel heard the murmur of disapproving voices from the small circle. Amelia’s other suitors might feel a mild degree of resentment that he was about to whisk her away, but they were generally a good lot. 
And they all counted Nigel as a friend.
“Now that you mention it, Broadmore, I had quite an engaging conversation with your grandmother this very hour,” Nigel replied. “No man in his right mind would call her doddering. And I enjoyed leading your sister into a set, as well. She may just be out this year, but she’s an entirely agreeable girl. Didn’t stutter once, as I recall.” He affected a puzzled frown. “Can’t imagine where you’d get the idea that your relations are anything less than charming, Broadmore. Really, not the done thing to insult them, you know. Family is family, after all.”
By this time, Broadmore’s ears had turned beet red. But before he could respond, Amelia let out a delighted laugh. “I believe he has you, Lord Broadmore,” she said as she took Nigel’s arm. “I hope you have learned your lesson. Mr. Dash, if you are ready, I would dearly love that cup of punch.”
With polite nods to the other men, except to the speechless Broadmore, Nigel led Amelia away. A less disciplined man would have gloated over his victory, but he held back a triumphant grin.
Barely. 
Amelia had a way of cutting through his self-control, and the hell of it was she had no idea she was doing it. But, for the moment at least, he could relish the feel of her slender body by his side and enjoy the light touch of her hand on his arm.
Letting out a relieved sigh, Amelia allowed him to steer her away from the mob at the edge of the dance floor. “It’s such a relief to finally have some room to breathe. I thought I was going to faint dead away if I had to spend a moment longer in that stuffy corner. Not that I mean to complain,” she hastily added. “The gentlemen were all quite kind.” Then she frowned. “Except for Lord Broadmore, that is. I can’t imagine why he was behaving so oddly tonight.”
Nigel could, but had no intention of telling her.
After stewing about Broadmore’s behavior for a few moments, Amelia gave a small, dismissive shrug, then looked up at him with a sweet smile that tore through Nigel’s sense of self-preservation, scattering it to the four winds. 
“I owe you grateful thanks, Mr. Dash,” she said with an endearing chuckle. “You rode to my rescue at precisely the right moment. I only wonder how you knew.”
“Well, you did look a trifle flushed,” he said. “Thought you could do with a cold drink, if nothing else.”
She gave his forearm a little squeeze. “Mr. Dash, as always, you know exactly what to say or do. You are indeed a most dependable friend.”
Nigel pondered her choice of words for a long moment. “So it would seem,” he finally said. 
Dammit, Silverton was correct. It was long past time he made a few changes. 

Nigel cut around the perimeter of Grosvenor Square, heading for No. 3 and the home of Lucy Frost, the widowed Countess of Winterson. It was only a few days before Christmas, and time for Lady Winterson’s holiday party. Although London was somewhat thin of company this time of year, those who were left vigorously competed for an invitation to the gala festivities at No. 3. Lady Winterson might be the object of rumors about her supposedly scandalous love life, but no one disputed her power in the haute ton.
Happily, Nigel always received one of the coveted invitations to Lady Winterson’s social events. An old family friend, Lucy Frost was quite simply one of his favorite people. She was sharply perceptive with a quick, acid wit, but underneath her polished sophistication lurked the warm and generous heart of a woman devoted to her friends and family.
She was also an inveterate matchmaker who had been pestering him for years to get leg-shackled. Nigel intended to do just that and he hoped Lucy would approve of his choice, especially since the girl happened to be her goddaughter and niece. By a fortuitous coincidence—he hoped—Amelia Easton was spending the Christmas holiday at No. 3. 
That fit in perfectly with his plan to woo Amelia. Because starting tonight, he was turning over a new leaf. He would no longer be boring old Nigel but the dashing Mr. Dash. He realized now he’d been a fool to simply hope that Amelia would eventually take notice of him. If he was to prevail over her more flamboyant suitors he must, as Silverton had suggested, sweep her off her feet.
And Lucy’s winter gala was the perfect opportunity to hoist his new colors.
He cut across the street and mounted the steps of the noble, grey stone mansion. No. 3 always looked exceptionally fine at Christmas, after the countess tricked it out with lavish decorations. Huge evergreen wreaths with red bows hung from the lampposts at the base of the wide steps, and swags of bay leaves and evergreens, interwoven with more red ribbon, framed the front door. Even the classical Roman statues in alcoves on either side of the entrance were dressed with holiday cheer, their pedestals draped in greenery and mistletoe crowns on their heads. The house itself looked like a Christmas confection that should be sitting on the top of a giant Twelfth Night cake, glorious and madly overdone. It radiated warmth, cheer, and a welcome respite from the dreary London night.
At his knock, a footman decked out in festive green and red livery ushered him inside. One had to give Lucy credit—instead of downplaying the rather comical conjunction of her name and title, she milked it for all it was worth. She might as well be a fairy queen from a Scandinavian folktale, ringing in the season with her magical winter celebration.
A dignified middle-aged man dressed in simple but elegant black garb approached him from the back of the entrance hall.
“Evening, Philbert,” Nigel said to Lucy’s butler. “Sorry to be late, but it couldn’t be helped.” 
In fact, he’d carefully planned his late arrival, calibrating his appearance for maximum effect. No more slipping in with the crowd to avoid calling attention to himself. Tonight, Nigel wanted to stand out, and he wanted Amelia to notice him.
Philbert bowed and gave him a slight smile, a sign of true condescension. Lucy’s butler had more dignity in his little finger than the entire Royal Family. Though his past was rather murky, he ran the house with the precision of a general and smoothed the world for his mistress in dozens of ways. Other aristocrats had tried to lure Philbert away, but he was devoted only to Lucy and the Winterson family.
“Her ladyship and Miss Easton are almost ready to go in, Mr. Dash,” Philbert said as he eyed Nigel’s cherry-red satin waistcoat. “They are most eager for your arrival.”
Ah, he’d timed it perfectly. The other guests had no doubt gone ahead of him into the drawing room, and Nigel should now be the lucky man to escort Amelia into the party.
Philbert preceded him up the ornately curved, blue-carpeted staircase. As they rounded the stairs, Nigel glanced up to see the countess and Amelia waiting for him. The countess was dressed with great flare in a hunter green gown trimmed with gleaming white ribbons, which perfectly set off her queenly demeanor and silver hair. 
But Nigel could only truly see Amelia. Her dress was snowy-white plush velvet trimmed with red ribbons at the waist and sleeves. It’s deceptively simple cut showcased her lovely figure with its gentle curves. Her hair, as shiny as mink, was piled high in charmingly haphazard curls and threaded with red satin ribbon and crystal beads. Best of all, of course, was her beautiful face and soft brown eyes, glowing with a welcome that chased away any lingering chills.
If Lucy Frost was the Winter Queen, then Amelia was surely her princess. 
Though Nigel wasn’t a prince, he could hope that his new and improved persona would make up for that unfortunate defect.
“Nigel, how beastly of you to be so tardy,” Lucy said with a merry twinkle in her eye. “I was about to give up on you, but Amelia insisted that it wouldn’t be right to go in without you.”
Nigel blinked, a tad stunned that his plan was already working to such a positive effect.
“Indeed?” he replied after bowing over his hostess’s hand. “I’m most grateful, Miss Easton. I beg you will accept my apologies.”
Amelia’s gaze swept over him with uncharacteristic intensity. “No apology is necessary, Mr. Dash. But I was worried you might have had an unfortunate accident. Mrs. Pickerel informed us that it was terribly icy out tonight. Her footman slipped while helping her into her carriage and they both fell into a heap on the street.” She peered anxiously at him, as if looking for signs of a tumble. 
Nigel had to admit he didn’t much like the idea of her thinking him so clumsy a fellow. He lifted her hand to his mouth and pressed a kiss, lingering for a moment. When a small, surprised gasp escaped her lips, he felt a surge of satisfaction.
“There was no need to worry on my account, Miss Easton, for I am quite well,” he said, letting his voice fall to a deeper note. Amelia stared at him, apparently a bit disconcerted. Nigel took that to be a good thing. 
“Ah, well, I’m certainly happy to hear that,” she said. “Did you walk over to No. 3 tonight? It’s so very cold and damp out, don’t you think? I wonder that anyone would come out on such an evening.” Then she winced, as if registering the fact that she was babbling. 
Lord, she was completely adorable. And his plan must be working because her response to him was quite different than normal.
“Yes, I did stroll over from my apartments. I must say I enjoyed taking the night air. Does wonders for a man’s constitution.” There, that sounded deuced rugged of him.
Amelia continued to peer at him with a slight crease in her brow, as if she couldn’t quite think how to respond. That was probably a good sign, too. 
At least he hoped so.
“Dear me,” Lucy interjected in a faintly laughing voice. “That was excessively vigorous of you, Nigel. I’m sure you must stand in need of refreshment. Why don’t you take Amelia into the drawing room? I’ll follow in a moment after I’ve had a word with Philbert.”
“Certainly, my lady,” he replied with a flourishing bow. Really, once one got the hang of it, it was easy as anything to act the part of the dashing rogue.
Amelia took his proffered arm, giving him a hesitant smile as she glanced at his red waistcoat. 
“I’m not used to seeing you wear such bold colors, Mr. Dash,” she said as he led her down the hall. “It’s very, ah, festive.”
“Isn’t it just?” he said with a smile. “I thought it the perfect choice for Lady Winterson’s Christmas party.” 
And the perfect thing to make him stand out from the crowd. Simmons, his valet, had been appalled and had mounted a vociferous argument against wearing it. Nigel had been forced to speak quite sternly to him, and Simmons had finished dressing him with a monumental disapproving silence.
“Actually, it matches the color of my ribbons,” Amelia said, “which is rather fun.” 
She glanced at him with a laughing smile that sent his spirits soaring. He grinned down at her, forgetting for the moment that he was acting the part of a devil-may-care rogue. “Exactly. If we can’t have a little fun at Christmas, when can we?”
Feeling like the luckiest man in London, he ushered her into the expansive and beautifully appointed drawing room. As usual, their hostess had drawn from the most exclusive reaches of the ton, even though tonight’s affair was not in her usual extravagant style. Lucy normally threw a gala ball for her annual event, but this year she had chosen to host a smaller, more family-oriented party, for the primary reason that Amelia and her younger siblings were staying at No. 3 while their parents were in Vienna on a diplomatic mission. It was a mark of Lucy’s splendid character that she would tailor her festivities to please the children rather than cater to the jaded appetites of the ton. 
And speaking of jaded appetites, a substantial portion of Nigel’s good mood evaporated as Lord Broadmore strolled up to them.
“There you are, Amelia,” his lordship drawled in a bored voice. “Thank God you’ve finally come in. You’re the only bright note in this otherwise dreary affair. Can’t imagine what Lady Winterson was thinking this year. No dancing and a bunch of ill-mannered, grubby children kicking up a fuss. It’s beastly, if you want to know. I don’t know how you can bear it.”
Nigel felt Amelia’s slender body go rigid, understandably, since two of the grubby children were her siblings. He could also tell that while a retort hovered on the tip of her tongue, her sense of courtesy prevented her from voicing it. 
But Nigel was done with niceties when it came to idiots like Broadmore.
“Really, Broadmore?” he said. “Don’t mean to insult you, but the children aren’t the ones kicking up the fuss.” He inspected one young lad, dressed neat as a pin and sitting quietly with Lady Peterson, then shifted his gaze onto Broadmore’s garish purple and yellow striped waistcoat that made Nigel’s color choice look positively subdued. “In fact, I’m forced to remark that the children seem both better behaved and better dressed than you. Can’t imagine why you thought that particular color combination in a waistcoat was a good idea. Makes you look rather like a large insect.”
Broadmore gaped at him momentarily, but then his dark eyebrows snapped together in a thunderous scowl. Amelia made a choking sound before clutching Nigel’s sleeve and pulling him away.
“Excuse us, Lord Broadmore,” she said in a bright voice over her shoulder, “but I’ve been meaning to introduce Mr. Dash to my sister Penelope. You know this is her first ton party, and she’s feeling a little shy.” 
Broadmore’s scowl was replaced by a smirk. “Oh, of course. Dash is the perfect fellow to sit with the children while we enjoy ourselves. I’ll come rescue you in a few minutes, my dear. You needn’t worry that I’ll abandon you this evening.”
Before Nigel could make a suitable riposte, Amelia dragged him off to the other end of the cavernous drawing room. He liked to think her actions indicated a preference for his company over Broadmore’s, but some mumbled comments under her breath suggested otherwise. He was quite certain she uttered the phrase beastly men.
Amelia recovered her cheerful temperament once they joined her siblings. In fact, they spent a pleasant half hour chatting with Penelope and Mitchell, Amelia’s brother and sister. Contrary to Broadmore’s ill-mannered observation, the children were well-behaved and intelligent, much like their older sister. Because they were also a trifle shy and clearly missing their parents, Nigel did his best to set them at ease by asking them about their visit to No. 3 and the gifts they hoped to receive at Christmas. Amelia happily joined in the conversation, laughing along with her siblings until Broadmore reappeared and carried her off to speak with his aunt, the Duchess of Ledmuir. 
Though her reluctance to go had been evident, Broadmore obviously thought he was rescuing the girl from an evening of unrelieved boredom. Nigel had to shake his head over the man’s failure to recognize that Amelia was a devoted sister who truly enjoyed the company of her siblings.
Nigel finished his conversation with the children and then excused himself to smoothly cut into Broadmore’s heavy-handed flirtation with Amelia. Fortunately, their hostess appeared at just the right moment to unwittingly aid Nigel’s cause by insisting that Broadmore attend to the Dowager Countess of Brisco. Once Broadmore was safely in the old termagant’s clutches, Nigel spirited Amelia away to the bay alcove at the far end of the drawing room. 
They sipped champagne while Nigel amused her with trenchant observations on some of the other guests. He suspected that a few of his remarks might have shocked her, and he silently admitted to himself that one or two might have tip-toed over the line of decorum. Nigel had never been one to gossip, and engaging in those sorts of witticisms struck him as a dreary exercise. But most ladies of his acquaintance did generally enjoy a good gossip, although Amelia seemed rather, well, disconcerted by his efforts more than anything else. Perhaps they were both struggling to adapt to the new Nigel Dash.
When it came to flirting, however, he was convinced he was having some real success. He managed twice to make her blush, and she even cast her gaze modestly down when he paid her a magnificently ornate compliment about the fathomless depths of her sparkling eyes. 
And truth be told, he could sit all evening and gaze into her lovely eyes without feeling the need to utter a word of nonsense. But he’d monopolized her attention long enough. It was one thing to engage in a discreet flirtation for a short spell. It was quite another to set the gossips prattling about Amelia’s conduct with an unmarried man.
He was just about to suggest they join the others when Lucy hurried across the room, looking flustered. “Excuse me for interrupting, my dears, but I’m in a terrible quandary and I need Nigel’s help.”
Nigel stood. “Of course, my lady. How can I be of assistance?”
“What’s wrong, Aunt Lucy?” Amelia asked in a worried voice. “Can I help, too?”
Lucy narrowed her eyes on them, then nodded. “Perhaps you’d both better come with me while I explain.”
She sailed off and they trailed in her magnificent wake. When they passed Broadmore, still trapped in conversation with Lady Brisco, Nigel gave him a polite nod. His rival’s furious glare in return promised legions of retribution that Nigel mentally shrugged off. As far as he was concerned, Broadmore was an ass who deserved everything he got.
As long as what he got wasn’t Amelia.
They followed Lucy out to the hallway, where they found Philbert in a large club chair that appeared to have been hastily dragged from another room. The butler had crossed his leg over his knee, and his normally impassive features had twisted into a painful grimace as he gingerly rubbed his ankle. One of the liveried footmen hovered, looking as guilt-ridden as a naughty child.
“Does it feel any better?” Lucy asked, her voice colored by anxiety. “I think you should let Thomas help you down to the kitchen.”
“Thomas is the reason I find myself in this predicament,” Philbert responded dryly. “I believe he’s helped me enough for one evening.”
“What happened?” Amelia asked, torn between alarm and laughter.
Lucy reached out as if to touch Philbert’s shoulder, but then seemed to think better of it. “Thomas was helping Philbert put on his robe, and they both got horribly tangled up in the skirts. Poor Philbert tripped and twisted his ankle.”
Nigel frowned. “His robe? Isn’t it a bit early for Philbert to be toddling off to bed, especially with guests in the house?”
“Oh, I understand,” Amelia exclaimed, darting behind Philbert’s chair. “Not his dressing gown, his costume.” 
She retrieved a bundle of material from a side table set against the wall. “This robe.” She held up an elaborate, forest-green garment with long, deep sleeves trimmed with ermine.
“That looks like something Father Christmas would wear,” Nigel said, remembering the character from the holiday pantomimes of his childhood. He looked at Lucy, trying not to laugh. “Surely you weren’t going to force poor old Philbert to play the part, were you? Not that I mean to criticize, but it doesn’t really seem your style, my dear ma’am.”
Philbert gave him a speaking glance, clearly holding the same dim view of the proposed entertainment as Nigel.
“Philbert was to dress as Father Christmas and distribute dessert and extra dainties to the children,” Lucy said. “Cook made up some sugared baskets with sweetmeats especially for them.” She looked at her butler and wrinkled her nose in silent apology. “It was to be a special treat, you see. Something to cheer them up.”
“They’re so missing Mamma and Papa this year,” Amelia earnestly explained to Nigel. “They’ve been gone for weeks and we’re not sure when they’ll return. It’s the first Christmas that we’ve not all been together,” she finished in a rather forlorn voice.
Philbert dredged up a sigh as he gazed at his mistress. “Forgive me, my lady. Thomas and I seem to have made rather a botch of things.”
This time Lucy did pat him on the shoulder. “I’m simply relieved you didn’t receive a greater injury.”
“Well, why doesn’t Thomas play the part?” Nigel said, eyeing the strapping young man. “He’s certainly imposing enough for it.”
“That’s entirely the problem,” Lucy said. “He’s too big. When he tried on the robe, it started to rip across the shoulders.”
“Surely there’s someone else…” Nigel trailed off at the look on Lucy’s face. “Good Gad, no,” he exclaimed. “You cannot begin to think—”
“Of course!” Amelia’s face lit up as she grabbed his arm. With the small portion of his mind not taken up with the horror of Lucy’s plan to make a complete fool out of him, he noted that Amelia did seem to be touching him rather a lot this evening. Now she was also bouncing up and down in her pretty white and gold spangled shoes. “You’d make a splendid Father Christmas, Mr. Dash, because you have such an easy way with children. I’m sure the robe will fit, and we can adjust the wreath in an instant.”
“The wreath?” Nigel repeated in a hollow voice. He fastened his appalled gaze on Philbert, who nodded in masculine sympathy
“Well, Father Christmas must wear his crown of mistletoe, Nigel,” Lucy said in coaxing voice. “He wouldn’t look authentic without it.”
“Surely, there must be someone else,” Nigel said, trying not to sound as desperate as he felt. “One of the other servants, perhaps.”
Lucy shook her head. “The footmen are too big and the scullery boy is too small.” When the corner of her mouth quirked up, Nigel had the sneaking suspicion she was beginning to enjoy the absurdity of the situation. Lucy knew he disdained costume balls and masquerades as undignified romps and refused to step foot in them. “I know it’s a lot to ask, Nigel, my dear, but you are certainly the best candidate to replace Philbert.”
Amelia was still clutching his sleeve, but now she brought her pleading gaze to bear on him as well. “Please, Mr. Dash, it would mean so much to the children. I would be enormously grateful if you would be so kind as to play the part of Father Christmas.” 
Her beautiful brown eyes, full of concern for her younger siblings, pleaded with him. Blast it, the young ones had probably been looking forward to the treat for days, and would be sorely disappointed if it failed to materialize. And he had a feeling Amelia had been looking forward to it too, if for no other reason than to see the excitement on the children’s faces.
With a mental sigh, Nigel consigned his dashing new persona to the dust heap. Life, it would seem, had consigned him to play only one role—that of dependable old Nigel Dash, always ready to take on whatever necessary task fate and the ladies of the beau monde decreed for him.
“Of course, Miss Easton,” he said. “I am only too happy to help.” 

Amelia smiled as she watched Nigel Dash make his rounds of the drawing room dressed as Father Christmas. He was truly the nicest man she’d ever met—nicer even than her dear Papa, an exemplary husband and father. But while Papa was prone to the occasional flash of impatience, Amelia had never seen Mr. Dash lose his manners or his cheerfully tolerant approach to life, no matter the provocation.
True, there had been an uncharacteristic display of tooth and claw this evening when he’d ripped up at Lord Broadmore. Although merited, that the normally unflappable Nigel Dash had responded so sharply had surprised her, indeed.
Equally surprising was his red waistcoat and the effusive compliments he’d bestowed upon her during their tete-a-tete. Amelia hadn’t known what to make of such unusual behavior. After some thought, she decided she approved of the waistcoat but found his attempted flirtation disconcerting. Mr. Dash never engaged in flattery or fulsome compliments. Instead, he always treated her with respect and thoughtful attention, as if she had more than simply a pretty face and a fortune to recommend her. In his company she could be herself, and not merely the target of fortune-hunting aristocrats and matchmaking mammas intent on catching one of the ton’s top matrimonial prizes. 
Fortunately, Mr. Dash’s strange behavior had been fleeting. Now, he was once more his genial self, taking to his holiday role with such good cheer that even the adults—especially the women—laughingly insisted he pay them as much mind as he did the children. Amelia didn’t blame the ladies one bit, not when Father Christmas was as kindly and attractive as Nigel Dash. 
And strange behavior or not, she’d been profoundly grateful when he rescued her from Lord Broadmore’s increasingly irksome company. Contemplating a future with his lordship—something she was now forced to do—was enough to make her want to throttle herself with swags of holiday greenery. 
No matter how hard she tried, Amelia couldn’t find the words she needed to tell Broadmore how she felt about him. She loathed sharp exchanges of any sort, a regrettable character flaw that hampered her ability to stand up for herself or push back when imposed upon by others. Amelia had received numerous compliments over the years about her biddable, sweet temperament but, ironically, that seemed far more a curse than a blessing. Her inability to simply say no meant too many evenings in the company of unwelcome suitors like Broadmore and endless rounds of social inanities when she’d rather be home reading a book and spending time with her family. 
But all that was nothing to the fatal lack of backbone which had caused her to accept not one but two proposals of marriage, and only six months apart. Both times, she’d known immediately that she’d made a mistake. She’d simply been ensnared by a reluctance to bruise her suitors’ feelings, because both men were quite decent and it wasn’t their fault she didn’t really wish to be married to them. It had taken her weeks to work up the courage to cry off, infuriating not only her erstwhile fiancés but both sets of parents as well. 
Those mistakes had led to her current predicament. Her mother and father, normally the most accommodating of parents, had all but ordered her to marry Lord Broadmore. Worried about her growing reputation as a jilt, her parents had decreed that she couldn’t afford to say no to the most eligible bachelor currently on the marriage mart. According to Mamma, Amelia should thank her lucky stars that Broadmore was willing to overlook the trail of salacious gossip she’d left in her wake. Amelia thought they were vastly overstating the problem, but her parents remained adamant. 
But Amelia just knew Broadmore would make a terrible husband. She didn’t doubt he found her attractive and he certainly liked her money. But he was arrogant, conceited, and, when it came down to it, simply not a kind person, unlike her previous fiancés who at least didn’t order her about or treat her with a disrespectful intimacy that made her skin creep with prickles.
And certainly not like Nigel Dash, who right at this moment was playing Father Christmas to a gaggle of over-excited little ones with truly exemplary patience. She couldn’t imagine Lord Broadmore lowering himself to play with grubby children. Amelia could only lament that Papa would never let her marry someone as charming and decent as Mr. Dash.
With her glass of champagne halfway to her lips, Amelia froze as everything went still inside her. She mentally circled the idea of Nigel Dash as her suitor, almost afraid to think too hard about it. But as each second ticked by, the thought began to ring in her mind with the clarity of church bells on Christmas morning, and it struck her how oddly familiar the notion felt. As if on some deep level she’d been thinking about it—about Nigel—that way for a long time. That must explain why she’d instinctively begun to look for him at every social event she attended, and why she always felt out-of-sorts whenever he failed to appear.
Without her being aware of it until this very moment, it seemed she was more than halfway in love with the self-effacing but enormously attractive Nigel Dash.
Amelia put her champagne glass down with a sigh. Papa would be livid if she rejected Lord Broadmore in favor of someone like Nigel. True, Nigel came from a genteel and well-regarded family, but he wasn’t a nobleman and, as far as she knew, his fortune was merely respectable and not nearly sizeable enough to win Papa’s approval. The situation had all the makings of another matrimonial disaster and she hadn’t a clue what to do about it. Nor, for that matter, did she know what Nigel would want to do about it, either. She thought he liked her very much, but a girl couldn’t be absolutely sure until a man came right out and said it, could she?
The only thing she did know was that she could never marry Broadmore—especially not with her newly-discovered feelings for Nigel. 
Aunt Lucy, sitting beside her on the settee, glanced at Amelia. “Is something wrong, my dear? You just heaved a very mournful sigh and you’re looking quite flushed and bothered.”
Amelia flashed her godmother an apologetic smile. “No, Aunt Lucy, I’m fine. Just a trifle, um, hot.” 
Her gaze drifted back to Nigel. He was crouched down, his green robe flared out in a dramatic sweep, as he spoke with little Ned Haythrop. Ned’s ancient spaniel had died only last week and, according to his grandmother, Lady Peterson, he’d been inconsolable. But Nigel got him smiling and soon drew a giggle from the boy with a joke about swallowing the bean in the Twelfth Night cake. Even Amelia’s sister, Penelope, who at fourteen considered herself too old for such things as holiday pantomimes, had clearly fallen victim to Nigel’s quiet charm.
As had Amelia. She’d only been too stupid to realize it until it bashed her over the head.
Aunt Lucy looked at her skeptically but didn’t probe. Like Amelia, she turned to watch Nigel laughing with Ned and Lady Peterson. 
“He does make a splendid Father Christmas, doesn’t he?” her godmother said with approval. “Much better than Philbert. That man carried on as if he were about to submersed in a vat of flaming wassail. Just between us, I suspect his twisted ankle might be more imaginary than real. Philbert can be so dramatic.”
Amelia blinked. One could characterize Philbert as rather mysterious, but dramatic? 
“Er, I’m sure you’re right, Aunt Lucy, and I agree about Mr. Dash. He’s a perfectly splendid, considerate man. He didn’t blink an eyelash when Lord Broadmore so rudely made fun of his costume.” 
She scowled at the memory of his lordship’s jeers when Nigel came into the drawing room dressed as Father Christmas, leading Thomas the footman who carried the large tray of treats. Amelia thought Nigel looked wonderful in the dark velvet robe. The ermine trim brought out the cobalt depths in his eyes and the mistletoe wreath looked positively kingly atop his thick brown hair. Amelia had helped him with the wreath, and when he’d bent down a bit so she could adjust the fit, she’d been tempted to stroke her fingers through his silky locks. She’d blushed madly when he straightened up and thanked her with a teasing smile.
Aunt Lucy scowled with her. “I was tempted to box Broadmore’s ears. No man likes to be made a figure of fun, and Nigel is to be honored for taking on the role. The children would have been sorely disappointed if Father Christmas had been unable to make an appearance. It is entirely to Nigel’s credit that he stepped into the breach.”
“I could tell Mr. Dash wasn’t very keen on the idea, at least at first,” Amelia said, a trifled worried that he might be annoyed with her. “I probably shouldn’t have pushed him, but I’ll be eternally grateful to him for his kindness.”
Aunt Lucy gave Amelia what could only be described as a sly grin. “I’m sure your gratitude and approval are all the thanks he needs. In fact, I suspect Nigel would be willing to do a good deal for you, my dear.”
Amelia felt hard-pressed to respond. Fortunately, she was spared the necessity when the object of their discussion joined them.
“Well, that’s everyone,” Nigel said, “although we do have one extra basket. Perhaps I could interest you in taking it, Miss Easton. Surely you deserve a Christmas treat as well.” 
His eyes gleamed with a teasing light, and Amelia could feel her cheeks flushing hot. Having finally acknowledged her feelings for him, it was difficult to meet his gaze.
“I think I’ve eaten too many treats already,” she said with a forced chuckle. “I’ve been terribly self-indulgent tonight.”
“I cannot agree with you, Miss Easton. To my mind, you aren’t spoiled nearly enough.”
His smile fueled her blush. Amelia suspected her cheeks were now as red as his waistcoat.
“I am in complete agreement,” Aunt Lucy chimed in. “Amelia is always thinking of others, never of herself. But as much as she deserves additional treats, that extra basket is for her sister, Gwen.”
“Ah, the youngest Easton,” Nigel said. “She didn’t join us tonight.”
“She’s confined to the nursery with an earache, poor thing,” Amelia explained, “and she’s very sad to be missing all the fun.” She paused to watch Nigel gingerly extract the mistletoe wreath from his hair. “I know it’s a great deal to ask, Mr. Dash, but do you think…” She trailed off, hating to impose on him yet again.
Nigel placed the crown back on his head with a rueful smile. “Why not? It’s not as if I could look any more of a fool that I already do.”
“I wouldn’t bet on that,” Broadmore said, barging in to the conversation. “You’ve outdone yourself this time, Dash. Wait till everyone around town hears how you played the fool.” 
Aunt Lucy gave his lordship her most imperial glare as she rose. “I am vastly grateful to Mr. Dash for his generosity and kindness. His charitable spirit is certainly a great deal more admirable than yours, Lord Broadmore, and entirely in keeping with the holiday season.” She turned her back on him to speak with Thomas.
In the face of that forceful snub, Broadmore could do nothing but silently fume. Nigel gave him a bland smile but saved a wink for Amelia.
Choking back a laugh, she came to her feet. “I’ll escort you to the nursery, Mr. Dash. I promised to visit Gwen before her bedtime, and I know she’ll be thrilled to have a visit from Father Christmas.” She plucked the ornate basket of sweets from the footman’s tray. “I’ll take that, Thomas.”
Broadmore looked thunderstruck. “Amelia, that’s a dashed irregular thing to be doing, scampering off with another man in the middle of a party. I can’t believe your mother would approve of such a thing.”
As she slowly turned back around, Aunt Lucy’s features froze in a glacial stare. “Lord Broadmore, are you suggesting that my niece’s reputation is at risk while she is under my roof? I wonder what your grandmother, one of my dearest friends, would say to such an accusation.”
Apparently nothing good since Broadmore flushed to the roots of his hair. While he blustered out a stuttering response, Nigel glanced at Amelia and nodded his head in the direction of the door. They quickly made their way into the hallway, leaving Broadmore to try to explain himself to his irate hostess.
“That was a lucky escape, wasn’t it?” Nigel said. “I can almost feel sorry for the fellow for sticking his foot in it.” 
“I don’t feel sorry for Lord Broadmore at all,” Amelia huffed. “He’s been horrible all evening.”
“Can’t disagree with you there. I say, do you need help with that basket, Miss Easton? I swear Lady Winterson stuffed ten pounds of sweetmeats into each one.”
While Nigel helped her rearrange the contents of the basket, the door to the drawing room opened and Lord Broadmore came charging out. “Amelia, I must insist that you remain with me in the drawing room. You’re making a cake of yourself and I don’t like it one blasted bit.”
Nigel’s eyes narrowed in warning as he took a step forward. Amelia shot out a hand to stop him. “I do not appreciate your tone of voice, my lord, nor your ungenerous implication,” she said. “I have my aunt’s approval. I certainly do not need yours.”
Broadmore drew himself up to his full, outraged height. For once, Amelia didn’t care if she offended him. She was tired of his rudeness and resented his assumption that they were already engaged.
“Amelia,” Broadmore said through clenched teeth, “I will not countenance this sort of behavior from the woman I expect to marry. Everyone will think you prefer Dash’s company to mine, which is bloody ridiculous. Even you can’t be that much of a birdwit.”
Amelia sucked in a harsh breath, dumbfounded by the vile insult. She darted a quick glance at Nigel, expecting to find a seething male.
Nigel’s blue eyes had gone so cold and flinty it made her shiver, but instead of ripping up at Broadmore he seemed to be waiting for her to respond. His eyebrows arched in polite inquiry as if to say to her, well, what are you going to do about that? 
It took Amelia a few moments to realize Nigel was deferring to her judgment instead of simply assuming the right to defend her regardless of her feelings.
Good for you, dear Mr. Dash. 
She handed Nigel the sweets basket, then faced Broadmore. “My lord, I have had quite enough of your outrageously rude behavior. Rest assured that I will be escorting Mr. Dash upstairs to see my sister, and you are not to say another word about it.” 
Then, giving into an impulse that had been building within her for a long time, she jabbed Broadmore sharply in the chest with her index finger. “Please go back into the drawing room and do not dare to pass judgment on my behavior to anyone. In fact, if you say another word about this I will never speak to you again.”
Then she whirled around, her anger propelling her like a cannonball up the staircase.
Nigel caught up to her outside the nursery. “Well done, Miss Easton.” It sounded like he was choking back laughter. “You routed the enemy with commendable aplomb.”
Amelia let her forehead thunk against the thick oak panel of the door. Now that her anger was cooling, her display of temper mortified her. “You must think me completely mad, Mr. Dash. I apologize for acting so disgracefully.”
When he leaned in to whisper in her ear, she shivered at the exhalation of his breath on her neck.
“Actually, I thought you quite splendid, Miss Easton. I was hard-pressed not to give a resounding cheer.”
She tilted her head sideways to look at him. His eyes, tender and amused, smiled back at her.
“Shall we?” he asked. Reaching around her, he opened the door.
Amelia took a deep breath to bring her nerves under control. It wouldn’t do for Gwen to see her so flustered.
The spacious nursery also doubled as a playroom for visiting children. Aunt Lucy’s nieces and nephews were always welcome at No. 3, and she’d created a cheerful and cozy space for them to read, play with toys, or tuck themselves into the wide window alcoves and gaze out over Grosvenor Square. 
Excited to see them, Gwen bounced up on her bed. While Nigel went to greet her, Amelia asked the young housemaid in attendance to bring up a tea tray.
“Oh, Amy,” Gwen exclaimed, “I was waiting forever for you and Father Christmas. I’ve missed all the fun and I’ve had to hold this wretched onion to my ear for the last half hour. I don’t think it’s helped the ache one bit.” She waved the offending object under Nigel’s nose. 
“Good Lord,” he said. “That’s ghastly. No child should be subjected to such hideous torture.”
When Gwen giggled, Nigel wisely tapped the side of his nose. “I think it’s time to do away with it, don’t you agree, Miss Gwen?”
“Yes!” She bounced on the bed again.
“Someone is clearly feeling better,” Amelia said.
“All the more reason to get rid of the beastly thing,” Nigel said, taking the onion.
When he strode to the window, Gwen tumbled out of bed to follow, impatiently squirming when Amelia insisted she put on her robe and slippers. By the time they joined Nigel he’d raised the sash, letting in a blast of winter air.
“Father Christmas, what are you doing?” Gwen asked.
“Getting rid of this barbaric vegetable. Never could stand the blasted things, anyway.” He tossed it out the window.
Gwen shrieked with laughter, and she and Amelia crowded next to Nigel to peer down to the street. A man in a greatcoat was bending down to retrieve his hat from the ground, where it had apparently been knocked by the onion. He looked up and began to berate them in a loud voice. Both Amelia and Gwen burst into hoots.
“Hush,” Nigel said, pulling them inside. “If he hears us laughing, he’ll pound on the door and demand to see your aunt. Then we’ll be in a tremendous pickle.”
“But you’re Father Christmas,” Gwen said. You can do anything you want.”
Nigel appeared much struck. “Very true, my dear. If the bounder challenges our right to hurl vegetables, I’ll run him through with a stake of Christmas holly.”
“Who knew Father Christmas was so desperate a character,” Amelia said, trying to control her laughter.
Their silliness was interrupted by the maid carrying the tea tray. After the girl set it on a low table by the fireplace and left, Amelia poured out three cups of tea and piled high a plate of cakes and sweetmeats.
After ensconcing themselves in big armchairs, Gwen and Nigel chatted like old friends. Amelia finally let all the tensions of the last several weeks flow from her, wishing she could avoid returning to the party. God only knew how Lord Broadmore would react to this night’s work. 
Not that she cared about him, but her parents did. If Broadmore withdrew his suit, they would be furious.
Nigel’s quiet voice broke into her thoughts. “I think it’s time for someone to be in bed.” He nodded at Gwen, who had curled up in a doze in her chair.
“Oh, certainly,” Amelia said, moving to pick her up.
“I’ll do it.” Nigel easily lifted the sturdy little girl into his arms. He’d discarded his crown but still wore the green robe, and the train fanned out majestically behind him as he crossed the room to Gwen’s bed. Amelia trailed him, watching as he removed her sister’s slippers and tucked her in. She had no doubt Nigel would be a wonderful father—a man who would protect and cherish his children, as he would protect and cherish his wife.
As he straightened up to meet her gaze, his mouth lifted in a questioning smile.
“I suppose we should go back downstairs,” Amelia said, trying not to sound morose.
“Something tells me you’re not keen to do so.”
When she shrugged, he hesitated, as if searching for words. Then his gaze flickered over her shoulder. 
“Look,” he said. “It’s snowing.”
Amelia promptly forgot about the party as she hurried over to the window and pressed her hands against the glass, peering out at the gentle fall of snow that drifted down on Grosvenor Square. A pure, white blanket was settling over the grass and flag-way, topping the railings and street lamps with a glittering sheen. She loved the snow—it brought to mind the family’s manor house in Lincolnshire, and the wonderful holidays of years past when they were all together. 
“You’ll catch a chill in that thin dress,” Nigel said, coming up behind her. He pulled off his robe and draped the heavy fabric over her shoulders. His hands wrapped around her, enveloping her in warmth and the faint scent of starched linen and bay rum. When he released her, he moved only a whisper away to stand by her side at the window. She wished she could lean against him, but this would do for now.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” he said. “I’m glad we got the chance to see it.”
“It reminds me of the country. Of home.”
He heard the wistful note in her voice. “Gwen misses it, too. She wishes you could all be home for Christmas at Easton Manner.” He turned toward her, leaning against the window frame. She’d never really noticed it before, but his shoulders were quite nicely broad. “Is that what you’d like for Christmas too, Amelia? To be home with your family?”
She thought for a moment, then decided to tell the truth. “No, I would like not to have to marry Lord Broadmore.” 
The sudden intensity in Nigel’s gaze set her already pounding heart tripping over itself. 
“Then why should you?” he asked in a low voice.
She returned her gaze to the snowy square, avoiding his eye. “I suspect you already know the answer—my unfortunate reputation. Besides, my parents approve of Broadmore and are eager to see us married. In their eyes, he will make the perfect husband.”
His hand came to her arm and gently turned her to face him. “Amelia, no true friend would think less of you for ending your previous engagements. They were simply mistakes you learned from.”
“I’ve been called a heartless jilt by more than one person, you know,” she said, trying to make a joke of a label that had wounded her deeply.
“They were wrong,” he said, looking stern. “But tell me why your parents are so eager for you to marry Broadmore. We both know he’s an unrepentant ass.”
His blunt speech surprised a laugh out of her. “True, but an ass with a title and several magnificent estates. Papa is determined that I marry as well as possible.” She grimaced. “He says a girl of my looks and fortune deserves the very best.”
Nigel smiled. “Your father is correct, but not for those reasons. You do have a very pretty face and your fortune is enviable, but those are not the best part of you.”
She had to force the words from her tight throat. “What is?”
He took her hand, intertwining their fingers. The breath whooshed out of her lungs and she clutched his hand in a convulsive grip.
“It’s your heart, Amelia. Your lovely, kind heart,” he said with a smile that melted her from the inside out. “And now that you’ve told me what you don’t want for Christmas, tell me what you do want.”
When Amelia thought of all the obstacles facing them, her courage almost failed. But it was Christmas, the time for wishes and dreams to come true. “I want to marry a kind, loving man who will be a good husband and father. A man who will see me as I truly am, and not as a decorative knick-knack and a means for plumping up his bank account.”
Nigel gently cupped her chin with his free hand. “My sweet girl that is only what you deserve.”
She stared at him, mesmerized. “And what do you want for Christmas, Mr. Dash?” she finally whispered.
His lips parted in a devastatingly tender smile. “A kiss, Amelia. One kiss for Christmas.”
She felt her mouth curl up in a silly grin. “Only one?”
He let out a husky laugh. “To start.”
Then he bent and gently, carefully—as if he didn’t want to frighten her—brushed a kiss across her lips. Amelia let out a happy whimper, melting into him. One kiss turned into two and then three as Nigel’s mouth whispered over hers in a sweet slide. She rested a hand on his chest as the kiss, by soft degrees, turned hot and rather wicked. Every part of her body yearned for him even though they barely touched each other.
But then, with deplorably bad timing, an image of her father and Lord Broadmore—both of them with fierce scowls—popped into her brain. She squeaked and her fingers curled into his cravat, making a mess of his Trone d’ Amour.
“Oh, dear,” she gasped, pulling back. “I just thought of something horrible.”
Nigel blinked a few times in confusion. “I don’t mean to criticize, Amelia, but that is hardly the reaction a man looks for when he first kisses the girl he loves.”
She clutched at his cravat again, completely demolishing it this time. “You love me?”
“Of course I love you,” he said simply. “How could I not? Now, tell me what’s wrong.”
“My parents,” she said, feeling rather dazed by everything. “They’ll be furious if I reject Lord Broadmore. Especially for a man…” She trailed off, hating to insult Nigel. And, strictly speaking, he hadn’t yet asked her to marry him.
“A man like me,” he finished. “Is it because I don’t have a title?”
“Yes, and because you’re not rich. I know how awful that sounds, but you mustn’t think less of them because of it. Mamma and Papa just want the best for me.”
He studied her. He didn’t seem offended, but he did look wary. “Are those things important to you, as well?”
She winced, hating that she might have made him doubt himself. “No. Well, of course I don’t want to be poor, but I don’t need to be rich, either. And a title means little to me.” She huffed out a sigh. “I’ll just have to reconcile myself to the notion that Mamma and Papa will be angry with me for not marrying Lord Broadmore. Or anyone else, simply because they’re rich.”
The tension seemed to bleed from Nigel’s shoulders as his hands drifted down to her waist. “And would you consider marrying a mere gentleman?”
“Of course I would, but…” 
“But what?”
She glanced anxiously at Gwen to make sure she was still asleep. Nigel waited patiently for her to respond. “What if my father cuts me off?”
When Nigel frowned, Amelia’s heart sank. “Are you sure he would do that?” he asked.
She sighed. “It’s certainly possible. I do hope that wouldn’t...”
He leaned down to press a swift kiss on her lips. “My dear girl, while I might not be a nobleman, I am as rich as Croesus. Your parents might lament the lack of a title, but I’m sure the marriage settlements will make up for it nicely.”
She stared at him. “I thought your fortune was quite modest, by all accounts.”
He grinned. “I rarely talk about money, but for you I’ll make an exception.”
After he named a staggering sum, Amelia could only gape at him like an idiot. With a little snort of laughter, he tapped her mouth shut.
“I do hope your esteemed father will approve,” he said.
Amelia pressed a hand over her heart, right where a bubble of joy was expanding outward. “Oh, I think he’ll be able to reconcile himself to the notion. Not that I give a fig how much you’re worth, Mr. Dash.”
Nigel made a great show of wiping his brow. “Well, that’s a relief,” he said in a voice warm with laughter. “I’d hate to disappoint either of you.” 
Amelia went up on her toes to press a kiss on his lips. “That, my dear, wonderful sir, would be quite impossible. After all, you are the nicest, most dependable man in the world.”

Twelfth Night had come and gone some weeks ago when Nigel Dash finally found himself at the altar of St. George’s Church, Hanover Square, waiting for his bride to appear. His mother and sister beamed at him from the first pew. Behind them sat Silverton and his marchioness, along with a goodly number of Nigel’s friends. Amelia’s family was there in force, her siblings beside themselves with excitement despite their mamma’s admonitions and their Aunt Lucy’s whispered attempts to keep them under control. 
As Amelia had predicted, her parents had been astounded and upset when she told them she wished to marry him. But they’d come around soon enough, and not just because of the generous settlements Nigel had proposed. Her parents had come to trust him, recognizing that he would always put Amelia’s needs first. It would seem that being the dependable Mr. Dash was not such a bad thing, after all.
The vestibule door opened and Amelia appeared on her father’s arm, bringing with her the promise of spring and their new life together. But as she walked gracefully toward him, her eyes shining with happiness, Nigel’s memory returned to that December party at No. 3, Grosvenor Square. He’d received the very best of all Christmas gifts that night, one he intended to cherish until the end of his days.
As Amelia and her father processed up the aisle, Nigel’s gaze rested briefly on Lucy where she sat with the children. Her mouth quirked up in an engaging grin and she nodded to him, as if to say she’d known all along how things would turn out. And, knowing Lucy, she probably had. 
Nigel winked at her and then turned to greet his bride.

The End

Vanessa Kelly is an award-winning author who was named by Booklist, the review journal of the American Library Association, as one of the "new stars of historical romance." Her sensual, Regency-set historical romances have been nominated for awards in a number of contests, and her second book, Sex and The Single Earl, won the prestigious Maggie Medallion for Best Historical Romance. Her third book, My Favorite Countess, was nominated for an RT Reviewers' Choice Award for Best Regency Historical Romance.

Vanessa's next series, The Renegade Royals, is due to hit the shelves in November with an introductory novella, Lost in a Royal Kiss. Book One in the series, Secrets For Seducing a Royal Bodyguard, will release in January, 2014. You can find her on her website, Goodreads, and on Facebook and Twitter.

You can read an excerpt from Vanessa’s next book, Secrets for Seducing a Royal Bodyguard, here.

For information on books related to One Kiss for Christmas, please visit her Books Page.

His Christmas Cinderella
A Regency Short Story

By 
ANNA CAMPBELL

Copyright © 2013 by Anna Campbell



To my dear friend, Vanessa Barneveld

London, December 24th, 1825

In a borrowed bed in a borrowed room, she waited for him. 
Although she’d lit the fire in the grate, she shivered a little under the threadbare blankets. The white light of a London winter poured through the windows. Tucked away in this shabby chamber high in Soho, she always felt like a princess in a tower, above the grimy reality of the noise and traffic below. 
Every Tuesday for the past six weeks, Campion had met him here. He always came to her during these quiet midafternoon hours. Before the fashionable crowd promenaded in Hyde Park. Before high society prepared for the opera or the gambling hells or glittering parties. 
Tonight the most glamorous event of the season took place. The Countess of Winterson’s Christmas ball in Grosvenor Square. A spellbinding fantasy of an evening where magic descended, romance prevailed, and true love emerged triumphant. At Lucy Frost’s annual ball, the legend was that faithful lovers would find their happy ending against all odds. 
Campion stifled a pang of envy for whatever lucky couple fortune favored this Christmas Eve. She’d known before she became a temporary mistress that no wedding bells would ring out for her and the man she loved. 
Instead all they had were Tuesday afternoons and occasional discreet meetings at society gatherings. Compared to her humble circumstances, he moved in the most elevated circles. Their encounters beyond this room were so rare that Campion stored them in her memory like priceless jewels in a coffer. A whispered word here or there. The surreptitious brush of hands. Once they’d even snatched a few kisses in a dark garden, kisses so hot she hadn’t felt the snow falling about them. 
On one unforgettable occasion, she’d connived to escape with him to Vauxhall’s shadowy walks. They’d held hands and spoken romantic nonsense and acted like lovers. Until too many people had recognized him and she’d feared that someone might discover her identity beneath mask and cape. For her reputation’s sake, they’d abandoned the pleasure gardens before she’d fulfilled her dream to dance with him. Just once. 
Now she strained for the sound of his boots on the stairs. He always walked as if he knew exactly where he wanted to be. For the last month and a half, at least on a Tuesday, he’d wanted to be with her. As a result, she’d discovered delight beyond measure and a love that would never die. 
But yesterday, she’d learned that this must be their last afternoon. She had no choice in the matter. Such was the harsh price of being a penniless dependent, subject to a selfish woman’s whim. Tomorrow when Campion returned to the country, the gates of paradise would slam eternally shut behind her. 
Blindly she stared up at the sagging, stained ceiling and told herself that she wouldn’t greet him with tears. After such radiant joy, she refused to leave a final impression of a weeping, clinging coward. 
But courage was so difficult when the idea of never again lying in his arms cut her like a knife. He’d awoken part of her soul. She didn’t know how she could endure losing both her lover and the woman she became when she was with him. 
But, oh, how she wished he’d hurry. Every stolen second of this afternoon was precious. Because ahead of her stretched the long, barren, lonely years. 
At last she heard his determined tread. Her belly tightened in anticipation and her toes curled against the linen sheets. She intended to make this an encounter he’d never forget, even when he’d wed a high-born heiress and settled into life on his far away estates. She’d brand these hours onto his heart, so that when he lay old and contented and surrounded by the children she wouldn’t give him, his last breath whispered her name. 
The door swept open and bumped against the faded wallpaper. Just the sight of him flooded her with joy. She’d never been in love before. Something essential within her recognized that she’d never love like this again. 

For a charged moment, he surveyed her. His green eyes flared to bright emerald and color lined his high, slanted cheekbones. 
“I can see you’re in no mood to waste time, sweet love,” he murmured, his Scots brogue in evidence. It always thickened when he was moved or angry. Or aroused. 
A thrill rippled through her, set every cell of her body vibrating. He’d immediately guessed that under the covers, she was naked. “We can take the preliminaries as read.” 
“Every time I see you, I remember why I love you,” he said softly. 
She blocked the treacherous warmth that the declaration always inspired. He frequently told her that loved her. When he challenged her inhibitions. When he was buried deep inside her. When she made him laugh. 
Campion wasn’t a complete dimwit, however badly love had sapped her common sense. Young men who set out to lure foolish girls pledged their affections lightly. 
Or perhaps he meant it, if love equaled desire in his mind. She’d been an innocent before this affair, but she’d soon realized that he was in a perpetual lather for her. As she was for him. She’d reached her twenty-third year before discovering desire’s power. Now sensual appetites enslaved her. 
With a deliberate gesture, she swept aside the covers. The cold air contrasted deliciously with the heat rising in her blood. “Don’t keep me waiting.”
When his expression turned predatory, she trembled with excitement. She loved how she could shatter his control. She’d learned to be daring. They didn’t have time for coyness, although she’d been shy and unsure when they’d first come together. Terrified that at any moment, her aunt would thunder in and proclaim her a whore. Positive that she couldn’t possibly measure up to the other girls this man had welcomed into his bed. 
His open delight in her had soon banished self-doubt. And her aunt was yet to suspect that under the guise of feeding an absent childhood friend’s cat, her frumpy niece sneaked away to wallow in sin.
After ten dreary, sunless years as her aunt’s dogsbody, at last Campion stepped into the light. She felt free here as she never felt free with her unloving relatives who treated her worse than a servant. Ida Parnell had soon discovered that Campion was quick and hardworking. A diligent poor relation, while hardly welcome, was much cheaper to keep than a maid. And less likely to march out in response to impossible demands upon patience or feelings or abilities. 
Campion didn’t lie about feeding Letitia’s cat. Plato snoozed on the corner chair, long ago bored with the two humans. Most days, Letitia’s neighbor saw to Plato, but on Tuesdays, Mrs. Brown visited her son in Hampstead. 
Such fortuitous timing. This room tucked away in an unfashionable corner of London provided the perfect rendezvous. Here nobody from Mayfair or Belgravia was likely to discover Campion with her secret lover. 
Letitia’s lodgings didn’t meet his standards of luxury, she’d always known that. But if Campion was to maintain her good name, they couldn’t go to a hotel. And if he smuggled a mistress into his house on Half Moon Street, he risked an almighty scandal. 
He curled his long, elegant fingers around the edge of the door. His attention on her unwavering, he shut it behind him with a soft snick. The world outside would take its merry way. But here above the streets, thronging with hawkers and shoppers and ladies of ill repute, she and her lover existed in a realm of unconfined physical pleasure. If only for a few hours. 
Campion’s anticipation intensified as he ripped at his neck cloth and shrugged his superbly tailored blue coat off his broad shoulders. He undressed with gratifying speed, flinging clothes around the room. When his shirt landed on top of poor Plato, the cat protested and jumped down to stalk toward the fire. 
Within seconds, her magnificent beloved stood naked. Tall. Lean. Handsome. 
Lachlan Macmurrie, Earl of Ravenglass. Scion of a great family. Custodian of lands throughout Scotland. London’s most eligible bachelor. A man with the devil’s own charm. 
And this afternoon, Campion Parnell’s to enjoy.
To her surprise, their looming parting had retreated from her mind. She’d imagined this last meeting laden with sadness. But when this resplendent man wanted her so blatantly, she couldn’t help but bask in his molten gaze. She stretched against the sheets, raising her arms above her head with an abandon that would astonish anyone who knew her outside this enchanted domain. 
“You’re so beautiful,” he said softly. The reverence in his voice made her bones dissolve with longing. 
She wasn’t beautiful, but when she looked into his face, she felt as if she was. She was ordinary; fair hair, medium height, blue eyes as common in Englishwomen as buttercups in the spring. 
Lord Ravenglass was anything but ordinary. Her eyes feasted upon him, cataloguing every detail. The narrow, intelligent face under its wing of ruler-straight dark hair. The long, thin mouth that kissed her into delirium. The blade of a nose as haughty as an emperor’s. The powerful body with its spare muscles. 
An exultant smile stretched her lips. “You’re quite picturesque yourself.”
His mouth quirked. “Like a garden folly?” 
That mouth had fascinated her from the moment she’d met him at the Fulfords’ masquerade, a month after she’d arrived in London to assist in her cousin’s husband hunting.
By rights, Campion Parnell should have been well below the superb Earl of Ravenglass’s touch; in looks, in fortune, in breeding, in rank. But the Fulfords’ party had been a crush and she’d been masked and more inclined than usual to respond to friendly overtures. At every other event she’d attended, she’d been too conscious that she was the poor relation to put herself forward. 
When the tall stranger had remarked upon the music, which had been awful, and offered a hand to help her through the crowd, she’d accepted. Although if her aunt had seen her niece with the famous Lord Ravenglass, she’d have packed Campion off to Sussex in disgrace that very night. 
Aunt Ida harbored ambitions for her daughter Fenella. If either Parnell girl was to catch the earl’s attention, it wouldn’t be the annoying burden that her brother-in-law’s death had inflicted upon her household. Luckily, Aunt Ida’s attentions in London were so focused on Fenella’s social progress that Campion could escape the house more often than was strictly proper.
Lord Ravenglass was a man of the world, a veteran of romantic intrigues. Only someone of his experience could have contrived further meetings. Their flirtation had progressed quickly through secret walks in the park and drives in a closed carriage. Drives that Campion recalled mainly for increasingly halfhearted attempts to retain her chastity. 
When Lachlan had begged her to come to his bed, she hadn’t hesitated. Fate seemed to favor her lapse from virtue. For the only time in her life, Campion was largely unsupervised, she had access to a private room, and she wanted to give herself to a man. 
So easily had she strayed from the once inevitable path of virginity, drudgery, and obedience. Whatever untold misery awaited once she left London, still she couldn’t repent her recklessness. 
“Come and ruin me again,” she said in a low voice. 
“With pleasure.” He strode forward, expression intent. The air sizzled with his desire. The sight of his hardness made her shift restlessly against the sheets to ease her rising need. Her belly tightened with liquid heat.
He snatched her up and kissed her with a desperation that left her quivering with excitement. The prospect of leaving him stabbed anew. With a strangled sob, she flung her arms around his neck. Before he could query her distress, she distracted him. He groaned into her mouth as she stroked him. 
With an urgency that sent the blood rushing through her veins, he pushed her into the mattress and came down over her. She immediately arched up, curling her legs around him. When they’d first become lovers, she’d been awkward. Now she swiftly positioned herself. He slid into her with a powerful ease that forced the breath from her lungs in a long exhalation of satisfaction. He filled her, made her complete, anchored her in the world. 
At the peak of his thrust, he stopped and rose on his arms, staring at her as if memorizing every line and plane of her features. 
She felt trapped in bright light. Could he see the love she’d never confessed? He must guess that a woman who until now had kept herself pure felt more than just a passing fancy. 
As the craving to move became irresistible, her fingers dug into his shoulders with bruising pressure. She could tell from his tightening muscles that he too felt that primitive compulsion to finish, to rush to completion, to seek ecstatic oblivion. 
Still he didn’t move. 
She clenched in subtle invitation. Hold. Release. Hold. Release. Her body tempted him, demanded that he break this stasis. 
“Lachlan?” It hurt to speak, her throat was so jammed with the tension spinning between them. 
“Don’t move.” He shifted infinitesimally, sparking a jolt of tumultuous sensation. But still it wasn’t enough. 
“What do you want?” she asked helplessly, plowing her fingernails into his back. Even through her striving, she felt a savage pleasure in knowing that he’d wear her mark tomorrow. After she’d gone. 
“I want to know you’re mine,” he grated. 
“Of course I’m yours.” She heard the despair in her voice. If he only knew how true those words were. 
“When I’m inside you, like this, I know that.” 
His unexpected vulnerability breached her barriers against revealing her love. “It’s always true,” she confessed, pressing upward, frustration fizzing in her blood. 
“Make me believe it.” He caught her thighs and pushed them high, changing his angle. The movement set off a series of small explosions inside her. She was so close to the familiar crisis and he’d hardly touched her yet. 
“Believe it.” 
She was his. She always would be. 
The hunger in his kiss ripped through her, made her shake. This possession stirred responses that she’d never felt before. She met him with open-mouthed welcome, teeth clashing, tongues dancing. He crushed her into the bed, tangling his hands in her wild mane of hair. 
Still he kissed her. Still he didn’t move. 
She whimpered beneath him. “Please, Lachlan. Please.”
“Do you want me?” he growled, rubbing his cheek against hers like a lion greeting his mate. And still his huge, throbbing power filled her. 
“More than life itself,” she admitted. 
He sighed with shuddering relief. His breath ruffled the hair at her temple, teased the delicate shell of her ear. “You’ve never said that before.”
“You knew.” She curled her hands around his neck and tugged sharply at the damp strands at his nape. 
He grunted at the discomfort. “I hoped.”
“You knew,” she insisted. 
Finally he shifted, dragging back slowly, stealing her capacity for speech with every inch of retreat. She moaned and trembled. She’d reached such a pitch of arousal that the deliberate, gradual withdrawal took her flying toward the edge. 
Then implacably he filled her again. And again.
Usually it took longer to reach her peak. Not today. With a choked cry, she jackknifed and lashed her arms around him, convulsing as stars and fire and lightning raged around her. Transforming the world to fiery brilliance. 
She was still quaking and gasping when she opened her eyes to find him watching her. His eyes were black with barely leashed desire and his body was rigid. 
With an unsteady hand, she traced the stern line of his mouth. The skin stretched against the bones of his face. His jaw was adamantine with the control he exerted. He looked like a man who conquered nations. Just so must his ruthless Highland ancestors have looked before they stole their neighbors’ cattle and women, and started the inexorable climb to greatness. 
She braced for him to seek his release. Instead he pressed his lips to hers. The kiss was tender as his loving hadn’t been. It felt like a silent pledge, although she had no idea of what. Shocked she lay quiescent under the sweet exploration. Then he closed his eyes. His shoulders straightened and he plunged into her. 
Once. Twice. Three times. 
He groaned low in his throat and his grip on her hair tightened to pain. An unfamiliar liquid heat flooded deep inside her. 

Lachlan slumped beside Campion, turning her to keep their bodies joined. For a long, silent moment, they lay thigh to thigh, chest to chest. Both panting to fill lungs starved for air. 
She shifted a little, not enough to separate them, testing the satiny warmth inside her. He’d always been careful to protect her from a child. 
Not today. 
Shock held Campion silent. The implications of what Lachlan had done were so shattering, she had no idea how to react. In those turbulent moments when he’d surged into her, she’d felt powerful and cherished. As if the pledge he made to her had been one of lifelong love. When of course she knew the rich, aristocratic Earl of Ravenglass would never lower himself to wed a girl as insignificant as Campion Parnell. 
A child would cause so many problems. She should be utterly appalled. She should be furiously angry. Instead she felt bewildered and anxious. The turmoil left her feeling lost, struggling blindly to find her way ahead. 
He hadn’t quite drifted off, although he looked exhausted. Under heavy eyelids, he surveyed her, a faint smile of masculine triumph teasing his lips. The possessiveness in his gaze and in his embrace made her feel wanted, needed…loved. 
She’d always recognized that it would be dangerous to surrender to the illusion that he cared. But after that shattering union, she couldn’t rebuild the barriers between what she knew was real and what she longed to be true. For a moment, she imagined the poor relation and the brilliant earl establishing a life together. 
Only for a moment. 
Even through the ebbing tide of pleasure, sorrow stabbed at her. Her heart clenched in futile denial of what she knew to be inevitable. This was the last time they’d lie like this, the last time he’d hold her in his arms. How could she bear to lose him? 
Abruptly she realized that she couldn’t spoil the memory of this afternoon by saying goodbye. 
Far better to disappear back to Sussex without a farewell. Write a note explaining that she’d been called away. Wish him well from a distance, when he couldn’t look into her eyes and see that forsaking him ripped her into jagged pieces. 
Just as it tore at her to imagine him taking some other woman to his bed. 
The gossip was that now the earl had reached the age of twenty-eight, he intended to choose a bride. Perhaps even tonight at the Winterson ball. Campion knew that he was going. He’d mentioned his mother madly shopping for a new gown to befit the occasion.
Every time Campion thought of Lachlan marrying someone else, she felt physically ill. The rational side of her recognized that men of noble lineage were obliged to produce aristocratic heirs. But loving him so desperately, she couldn’t be entirely rational. At the deepest level and despite everything she knew of the world she lived in, she believed that he was hers. Forever. 
“You’re crying.” His voice roughened with concern. 
“Am I?” She raised one hand to her face and her fingers came away wet.
His slashing black brows lowered. “Did I hurt you?”
When he shifted, his body slipped from hers. She missed him immediately.
“No.” She blushed, although surely an earl’s mistress should have long ago lost the ability to blush. “I’m just…overwhelmed.”
“I wanted to overwhelm you,” he said softly, his voice weighted with drowsiness. He drew her against him. “Rest now.”
Past the line of his shoulder, she watched the cat stretch and pad toward the door. 
“I’ll tend to the cat first.” She always allowed Plato a couple of hours to roam while she was here. 
“Hurry back,” he murmured, kissing the tip of her shoulder. 
She pressed her lips to his. It wouldn’t do to make the kiss too emotional, too passionate. Nonetheless, she lingered, memorizing the taste of his mouth and the way his lips moved upon hers. Etching into her mind the scent of his skin and the heat of his body. 
Before she could cling too long, so long that she’d never let him go, she lifted her head and smiled. “You make me very happy.”
It was the closest she’d ventured to telling him that she loved him. She wanted him to know that the greatest measure of joy she’d ever experience was here with him. But that, again, betrayed too much. 
Between his thick black lashes, his green eyes sparked with a warmth that had little to do with passion and everything to do with affection. This was when her heart begged her to trust in impossible happy endings, when he looked at her as though she carried the stars in her hands. “I’m glad.”
She kissed him once more. Briefly. Urgently. She couldn’t meet his eyes again without bursting into tears. “Sleep.”
His smile developed a sensual edge, even though he was nearly asleep. “For a little while. I have plans for this afternoon.”
More love play, she guessed. The yen to stay and let him possess her once, twice more nearly made her hesitate. But she knew that her resolve failed. She wasn’t far from pleading with him never to leave her. 
Her plan had always been to finish this affair with dignity, to walk away with her head high. She wanted Lachlan to remember her as proud and strong. Although right now she felt like crumpling onto the floor and crying her eyes out. 
Before she weakened, she slipped out of the bed and gathered her clothes. She dressed hurriedly, hiding under the hooded cape that had proven such a boon in this intrigue. 
While she prepared to leave, Lachlan tumbled into slumber, rolling onto his back and flinging one arm out as if reaching for her. 
The gesture made her heart ache. They’d never spent a night together. They never would. Another source of piercing regret. 
She straightened and told herself that women without fortune and beauty had no business dabbling in foolish dreams. The admonition didn’t ease the crippling weight inside her. Perhaps after she’d repeated that grim litany for ten years or so, it would prove more bracing. 
Very quietly, she opened the door a crack, letting Plato brush past her skirts. After one last glance behind her, she slipped away, abandoning Lord Ravenglass to the dimly lit room. 

Campion was sitting at the kitchen table, struggling with a pile of mending, when Alice the housemaid came to fetch her, her face alight with curiosity. “You’re wanted upstairs, miss.”
Sighing, Campion put her sewing aside. It was hopeless doing fine work by the light of cheap tallow candles. She refused to blame her clumsiness on the tears stinging her eyes. “Is something wrong?” 
Alice spread her hands to convey ignorance. “Hobbs said not to dawdle.”
Hobbs was the haughty butler, with more airs and graces than a blue-blooded debutante. Aunt Ida had hired him to lend consequence when the ton called. 
Unfortunately so far, people of rank hadn’t chosen to call upon Mrs. Parnell, undistinguished widow from Croxley in Sussex. Campion’s aunt and cousin had arrived in London fortified with dreams of baronesses taking them about in carriages and wellborn young bucks inundating Fenella with bouquets. Aunt Ida had even hoped Fenella might attract the famous Earl of Ravenglass who sought a wife, so everyone said. Who better than the belle of Croxley? 
Sadly Fenella, while pretty enough to grace a country assembly, didn’t sparkle in the capital’s brighter lights. The trains of admirers had never materialized. The peevish belle of Croxley and her disappointed mother planned to return home within the month. Both had taken their failure out on Campion. 
She hardly dared to imagine their reactions if they discovered that the despised poor relation had caught Ravenglass’s attention. Although if her aunt knew that her niece was a fallen woman, Campion would be out on her ear with nowhere to go. 
As Campion stood, she couldn’t help resting one hand over her stomach, wondering if a child grew there. It would be an irredeemable disaster if she carried Lord Ravenglass’s bastard, but some pathetic, sentimental part of her longed for his baby.
And didn’t that prove that her previously reliable brain dissolved into mush?
She had no money, no friends, no family apart from her heartless aunt. If Aunt Ida banished her, there would be endless shame and nowhere to turn. Even knowing that, Campion couldn’t hate Lachlan for his loss of control. She’d never felt closer to him than in those moments when he’d spilled inside her. 
Trying to hide how her hands trembled, Campion untied her apron and tidied her faded merino dress. It should have gone into the rag basket years ago. Perhaps her aunt would grace her with a new dress tomorrow, but she doubted it. Her only Christmas gift would be the long, cold journey back to Sussex and the thankless work of preparing the house for the family’s return. 
With heavy tread, Campion climbed the stairs. The grief crushing her heart left her exhausted beyond her usual weariness after being at her aunt’s beck and call. 
Tonight’s summons would surely involve some trivial complaint. There was no reason her aunt should have suddenly discovered about Campion’s trysts with Lord Ravenglass. After ten years of Aunt Ida’s carping, Campion had learned that meekness was her only possible response to a scolding. But the spirit of rebellion festered, even while she knew it could do no good. She hadn’t a penny to her name. She’d only managed to pay the hackney from Soho by hoarding a few shillings from housekeeping. 
When she entered the drawing room, Campion discovered not just her aunt and cousin sitting in front of the fire, but another lady in the position of honor on the chaise longue. A dark haired and extravagantly dressed lady Campion knew only by sight. 
“Lady Ravenglass…” she stammered and dipped into a deep curtsey. 
What on earth was Lachlan’s mother doing here? As far as Campion was aware, the countess didn’t know the Parnells existed. 
Her belly knotted with sick shame as she recalled what she’d done a few hours ago with this lady’s son. Then shame surrendered to icy terror as she wondered if Lady Ravenglass intended to denounce Campion as a slut. 
But Lady Ravenglass’s expression was friendly as she rose and approached to draw Campion upright. “My dear Campion, how lovely to see you again.”
Instead of spewing insults and recriminations, the countess spoke as if to a beloved friend. Yet they were strangers. Campion’s mouth sagged open and she stiffened with disbelief. She must look completely witless.
The countess was dressed in an elaborate green ballgown. She must be on her way to Lady Winterson’s. 
Behind the countess’s tall, willowy form, her aunt regarded her with shock and mounting fury. Fenella looked sulky, her rosebud mouth contracted in a way that boded no good. Fenella was mean, inclined to pinch and pull her cousin’s hair. 
Oh, dear, after this, Campion’s relatives would subject her to weeks of spite. 
She stared into the countess’s face, trying to discern disdain or mockery. Did Lady Ravenglass know that Campion was her son’s mistress? Surely he couldn’t have told his mother that he’d debauched Campion Parnell. A man didn’t discuss his doxies with the respectable women of his family. Yet if Lachlan hadn’t mentioned her to his mother, how did the countess know who she was?
Keeping Campion’s hand, the countess turned toward Aunt Ida. “Your niece was so kind when I was searching for my lost dog this afternoon. I just had to call and thank her in person.”
Lost dog? What lost dog? 
Feeling she’d been bundled into a universe that made no sense whatsoever, Campion shut her mouth with a snap and regarded the countess in complete bewilderment. She’d never seen the lady up close before. Her striking resemblance to Lachlan stirred the painful longing in Campion’s heart to agony. The same black hair and strong features. The same bright green eyes. 
Green eyes that stared at her now with the message to cooperate. 
“You didn’t have to go out of your way, my lady.” Campion managed a shaky smile, although her nervousness about what this meeting portended made her as taut as a violin string. 
She tried and failed to pull her hand free. Years of housework had left her hands rough, suitable for a farm girl, not a lady. Under Lady Ravenglass’s searching regard, she felt like a peasant in the presence of a queen. 
Her aunt also forced a smile. Campion hoped hers was more convincing. “I’m delighted that my dear niece was so helpful, your ladyship.” The gimlet glare fastened on Campion and, despite the warmth of the countess’s grip, she repressed a shiver. “And so self-effacing. You didn’t say anything about meeting Lady Ravenglass, Campion.”
Before Campion could think of a convincing answer, the countess spoke. “I’m sure she considered her help a mere trifle. But I insist upon repaying her trouble.”
“Your visit here is surely payment enough,” Aunt Ida simpered and Campion cringed at the toadying. “I hope you will call again.”
The countess’s smile remained in place. “I’m sure I shall, Mrs. Parnell. I took such a fancy to dear Campion.”
Dear Campion heard Fenella’s faint snort of disbelief. 
“I was happy to help, my lady,” Campion said, battling to sound as if she knew what all this was about.
Lachlan’s mother beamed at her with a glowing approval that she didn’t deserve. Surely if she knew about Campion’s affair with Lachlan, she wouldn’t be so amiable. Still, shame was a sour taste in Campion’s mouth. 
“To show my appreciation, I’d like you to accompany me to Lady Winterson’s Christmas ball. Lucy knows that I’m bringing a special guest, so I beg you not to disappoint us.”
The last few minutes had bristled with surprises. Now utter befuddlement descended upon Campion. Lady Winterson’s Christmas ball? The most prestigious event of the year? A countess begging for humble Campion Parnell’s company?
And dearest surprise of all, one last opportunity to see the man she loved. 
“Your ladyship!” Aunt Ida interjected with disapproval. “My daughter and I would be—” 
The countess’s tone developed a hint of steel, another reminder of her son. “I’m afraid Lady Winterson’s ball is such a crush that I can only take dear Campion.”
“But Fenella—”
“Some other time.”
The exchange offered Campion time to recognize that, despite this miracle in her aunt’s drawing room, she couldn’t accept Lady Ravenglass’s inexplicable generosity. “My lady, I’m sorry,” she said unsteadily, a long, painful rift splitting her heart. “But I can’t come.”
“So Fenella—” Aunt Ida began, but the countess ignored her with an aristocratic carelessness that made Campion want to cheer. Aunt Ida was far too accustomed to dominating the scene. 
The countess squeezed Campion’s hand. “Of course you can.”
“I appreciate your kindness, but I did nothing.” The glint in the countess’s eye indicated that they both recognized that statement’s truth. The wry humor reminded her so vividly and painfully of Lachlan that she caught her breath. Campion’s voice was husky when she continued. “And in any case, I have nothing to wear to the ball.”
Her best dress was another of her aunt’s castoffs. It wasn’t fit for Croxley’s assemblies, let alone London society. Even if she only played Fenella’s drab satellite. 
“Do you think I haven’t considered that, my dear?” The countess waved one graceful hand as if preparing to conjure a gown from the air. “After your efforts on my behalf, I took the liberty of calling at my modiste. I gave her an idea of your size and my maid is waiting outside to do any alterations.”
“But that’s too much…” Yet again, Campion tried and failed to withdraw her hand. “I can’t accept such generosity.”
The countess leveled another speaking look upon her. She seemed to assume that Campion understood the rules of this game. “I must insist.”
“Fenella—” Aunt Ida bleated, stepping forward to impose her will. 
Again, Lady Ravenglass ignored her. “And my son requests the first waltz.”
Did Campion imagine the emphasis the countess placed on “my son”? But that would mean she must know of Campion’s connection with Lachlan. If she did, why would she encourage further contact? Confusion made Campion giddy, even as her heart raced at the thought of dancing with Lachlan. 
“Lord Ravenglass—” her aunt gulped and Fenella shot Campion a killing glare from her chair beside the hearth. Aunt Ida rallied. “I’m afraid my niece can’t attend the ball, my lady. She’s due to return to Sussex tomorrow.”
“You’re sending your niece away on Christmas Day?” The countess’s tone expressed polite incredulity.
To Campion’s surprise, her aunt flushed. Until this moment, Campion had believed that her bombastic relative didn’t understand the meaning of shame. “She has duties in the country.”
“I’m sure they can wait.” The countess’s expression remained pleasant but determined. “In fact, I hoped to keep dear Campion with me overnight so that she can spend the festival with my family.”
Campion only just saved herself from gaping open-mouthed once more at the countess. Christmas was an intimate celebration for one’s closest associates. The countess’s invitation was a mark of immeasurable favor. A privilege one might extend to a prospective daughter-in-law. 
“My lady, she hardly merits such preferment,” Aunt Ida protested. “If she found your dog, well and good. But this kindness is beyond her wildest dreams.”
For once, Aunt Ida spoke nothing but the truth. Still the countess didn’t budge. “I’m sure Campion and I will be the dearest friends.” 
Campion wasn’t so sure. Lady Ravenglass’s charm and drive were rather overwhelming. She now saw where Lachlan had learned his single-mindedness. But why did Lady Ravenglass go to this trouble for her? 
Before Aunt Ida could respond, the countess addressed Campion with a smiling implacability that would rout an army. “If you step out into the hall, my dear, you’ll see my maid. We must hurry. You won’t want to miss a moment of the party of the year.”
Feeling as though she’d been whipped up into a whirlwind, Campion yielded. After all, this unprecedented evening delivered so many of her most cherished dreams, including that unfulfilled dream of dancing with the man she loved. Behind Lady Ravenglass, Aunt Ida’s cheeks were purple with outrage. 
“Thank you, my lady,” Campion murmured, caught between wonderment and trepidation and laughter. Through ten years of her aunt’s tyranny, she’d never seen that lady routed. She’d have been inhuman not to gloat just a little. 

Up in Campion’s cold attic, the countess’s maid Lise crimped, stitched and fussed. All the while, she muttered away in a French too idiomatic to follow, although her contempt for Campion’s spartan surroundings needed no translation. Campion didn’t mind the girl’s monologue. It saved her having to strain for conversation when the world reeled around her. 
A thousand questions buzzed in her head. But discretion kept her silent. Discretion, and the superstitious fear that, if she inquired too deeply into this extraordinary chance, it might vanish like mist, 
When Lise finally turned Campion toward her mirror, a princess gazed back. Campion’s heart gave a mighty thump of disbelief. She hardly credited that the slender woman in spangled azure could be plain, workaday, unimportant Campion Parnell. Her golden hair was swept high in a regal style. Jewels sparkled at her throat. Her skin glowed like a pearl. Shy excitement shimmered in her large sapphire eyes. 
One shaking hand rose to touch her tremulous mouth, red and full in her pale face. None of this felt real. Never had she imagined that she’d wear such a spectacular gown. Never had she imagined that she could look like this if she did. She half-expected to wake from a doze and find herself crouched over the mending in the kitchen. 
For once in her life, she made a suitable partner for the magnificent Earl of Ravenglass. She didn’t understand why this happened, but she meant to shine tonight, shine so bright that he never forgot her. 
She’d cry later, she knew, when she returned to Sussex and life as her aunt’s drudge. But right now, she wanted to laugh and dance and smile, and flirt with the man she loved. Right now, she wanted to seize this brief happiness and wring every drop of joy from it before fate snatched it away. 
As Campion descended the stairs, Lise following, Lady Ravenglass’s face lit with admiration. “How beautiful you are.” 
From beside Lady Ravenglass, Aunt Ida and Fenella stared appalled at the transformed Campion. Right now, Campion didn’t care. She was going to the season’s most exclusive ball. She would dance with the handsomest man in London. She wore a gown more dazzling than the sun. Whatever punishment her relations inflicted, nothing could ever take tonight away. 
Raising her chin, she met the countess’s eyes with a confidence she hadn’t felt in her shabby merino frock. Around her throat, she felt the weight of the sapphire and diamond necklace Lise had produced for her. 
“Thank you so much, my lady.” The words were inadequate to express her astonished gratitude, but they were all she had. 
The countess made a dismissive gesture. “It’s the least I can do, my dear.” She signaled to Lise to place a deep blue velvet cape across Campion’s shoulders. “Come. The ball awaits.”
As luxurious warmth surrounded her, anticipation stirred in Campion’s heart. Anticipation and yearning. She’d see Lachlan once more. And however the future turned out, he’d remember her as lovely and poised and elegant. 
With a flourish, Hobbs opened the door. His bow to Campion conveyed a respect he’d never shown her aunt or Fenella. 
Campion stepped outside. The icy air stole her breath and she snuggled into her cape. Something feathery touched her cheek. It had started to snow. She smiled up at the cloudy sky and made the one wish that until now she’d never dared to make. After all, the most impossible dreams came true at Lady Winterson’s ball. 
Two carriages waited. The smaller, presumably for Lise, was familiar from those delicious, frustrating excursions before she’d ceded herself to Lachlan. 
When Campion turned to the countess, she prayed that she wasn’t blushing. “I don’t know what I’ve done to deserve such kindness.”
The countess’s eyes sparkled, as if she concealed a delightful secret. “Don’t you know, my dear? Really?”
Campion stared at her, puzzled. “I didn’t save your dog.”
“Perhaps not.” The countess smiled. “But I hope that you might save my son.”
Oh, no. Humiliation twisted her stomach. Lachlan must have told her about those afternoons in Soho. Despite the cold, Campion’s face stung with heat. “I don’t—”
“I know you feel completely at sea.” Lady Ravenglass leaned forward and kissed her on the cheek. Still smiling, she nodded toward the small carriage. “But over there, you’ll find answers to every question.”
In front of Campion’s dazed eyes, the carriage’s door swung open. Even before the lamplight struck the man who leaned forward, Campion recognized Lachlan. For a moment, she stared at him, transfixed with love. He looked breathtaking in his black evening clothes. 
Then she wrenched her attention back to the countess. “How did you—”
A gentle push propelled her forward. “Go to him, Campion.”

Without her making a conscious decision to move, the delicate blue slippers that matched her dress carried Campion three steps to the carriage. She moved so quickly that she wasn’t aware of covering the distance. 
All ability to speak had deserted her, but in her chest, her heart swooped with incredulous joy. Behind her, she was vaguely aware of Lady Ravenglass entering the other carriage and of Hobbs shutting the front door against her aunt and cousin’s avid curiosity. 
“Lachlan?” she stammered, too bewildered to use his title. Not long ago, she’d believed she’d never see him again. However this magical night ended, this opportunity to speak with him, to touch him, even if only once more, felt like a wondrous gift. 
He smiled. That wonderful smile that always set her heart somersaulting. Except that her heart already performed somersaults. And cartwheels. And pirouettes. In the last few seconds, her heart had become home to a whole troupe of acrobats. 
“You look a little overcome.” He took her hand, his grip firm and warm. As always when he touched her, the bewildering whirl around her settled, even tonight when nothing else made sense. “My mother is a force of nature. I knew she’d prevail against your aunt.”
Campion laughed softly, curling her hand around his as she stepped into the carriage. “You’re a force of nature too.”
A low laugh sent sensual awareness rippling down her spine. “Glad you acknowledge that.”
His free hand pulled the door shut, enveloping them in darkness. The blinds were drawn, making the space disturbingly intimate. His grasp tightened as he drew her down beside him. “Kiss me, Campion.”
Eagerly she leaned forward and twined her arms around him. He felt strong and solid and so very, very dear. If only she could hold him like this forever. She still didn’t understand the schemes he and his mother pursued, but this chance to be alone with him was too sweet to resist. 
For a teasing interval, he merely skimmed his lips across hers. Then on a muffled groan, he lured her into incendiary passion. His mouth was hot and ardent. As the carriage rolled into motion, she sank into velvety pleasure. 
After a breathless interlude, Lachlan raised his head. “I’m furious with you,” he said almost idly.
Curled in his arms, warm and safe with his heart beating steadily beneath her cheek, it was difficult to take his displeasure seriously. “Why?”
“You left without saying goodbye this afternoon.” In the lightless, confined cabin, his Scottish accent seemed impossibly exotic, so much more noticeable than in the light of day. 
She buried her face in his brocade waistcoat and felt his hand rest on her coiled hair. If they weren’t careful, all Lise’s hard work would go for nothing and Campion would emerge from the carriage looking like she’d run through a hurricane. The spicy essence of lemon soap and Lachlan’s skin filled her senses. “I couldn’t bear to tell you that it was our last afternoon together.” 
He tensed against her and his heart kicked into a faster rhythm. “Last?”
She raised her head. Her vision had adjusted enough for her to see the glitter of his eyes. “My aunt is sending me back to Sussex tomorrow.”
“Damn it, Campion, you should have told me.” His embrace firmed as he pressed her closer. “I had things to say to you today. Important things.”
Happiness had fluttered inside her like fledgling birds since she’d seen him. His somber tone pricked at her elation. “I suppose you want me to leave my aunt’s home and stay in London as your mistress,” she said flatly. 
He thrust her back against the seat so hard that she bounced. She flinched beneath his blistering anger as his hands tightened on her shoulders. “Of course I wasn’t going to say that, you lovely fool.”
She hardly heard him. “I know I’m provincial and poor, but I’m proud of the Parnell name. My parents were fine people who loved me. I can’t bring shame upon their memory by accepting your carte blanche.” She blinked away the prickling rush of moisture. For a fleeting instant tonight, she’d imagined that she was done with tears, at least until Christmas Eve turned into Christmas Day. “Whatever else I might choose to do if there were no other considerations.”
“So are you saying that you’d like to be my mistress?” he asked slowly, in a tone she couldn’t interpret. 
She shrugged unhappily and risked the truth. “I don’t want to leave you.”
His sigh expressed temper. “Yet you did leave me.”
“Lachlan, don’t be angry. Not tonight.” She framed his face with her hands, although it was too dark to see his expression. He’d recently shaved. His skin was smoother than it had been this afternoon. “I know I was a coward, but it seemed easier on both of us if I just disappeared.”
“Did it indeed?” The muscles of his cheeks were taut under her palms, but his question sounded merely curious.
“I thought that was the last time I’d ever see you.” She swallowed to dislodge the tightness in her throat as she remembered how leaving him had slashed at her soul. The reminder of that desolation made tonight doubly precious. It felt like a second chance. “I had no idea that you would come up with this mad scheme. How did you enlist your mother in your wickedness? What lies did you tell her?” 
“None. From the first, my mother has known exactly who you are.”
His nonchalant reply knotted her stomach with shame and anger. How could he be so careless of her reputation? “Your mistress?”
After a fraught pause, Lachlan’s voice emerged deep and steady. “The woman I want to marry.”


The silence that crashed down was so deep that it extended to the center of the earth. Even the soft creak of the carriage and the clop of the horses’ hooves faded to nothing. 
Campion must be going mad. This couldn’t be happening. Feeling suddenly awkward, she lowered her hands and twisted them in her lap. From the first, she’d known that she could never be his wife. His exalted name demanded a bride of aristocratic lineage and powerful connections.
She waited for him to say more. To admit that he was joking or teasing. Or perhaps seeking childish revenge for the afternoon’s desertion. 
He didn’t speak. There was only the steady glow of his eyes fixed upon her, although in the darkness he couldn’t see any more than she could. 
Eventually she forced herself to respond. “What did you say?”
“You heard me.” 
“I heard what you said.” She was shivering, despite the warmth of his body so near to hers. “But it makes no sense.”
His grip on her shoulders softened to a caress. “Campion, you must know I want to marry you.”
She frowned. “Why on earth would I know that?”
His sigh this time was long-suffering. “I told you I loved you.”
“Even in Croxley, there are disreputable young men with wild oats to sow. When a fellow wants to tumble a woman, he tells her that he loves her.” Her tone was dull. “It’s part of the game.”
“What a cynic you are, my darling,” he said with a huff of derisive amusement. “And while some men might do that, I don’t.” 
“Why should I think you any different from every other rake in London?”
“Come, Campion, I don’t believe you mean that. You know I’m different. If you didn’t know I’m different, you’d never have given yourself to me.” His voice developed an edge. “Even if you imagined I was trifling with you at first, you must know by now that you have my heart. If you don’t, then for a clever woman, you haven’t been very clever. I’m not a fickle man, nor do I take what we did lightly. I’m utterly in love with you. I’ve hardly kept it a secret.”
“I was trying so hard not to lose my head,” she said unsteadily. His proposal echoed through her mind like a thousand clashing cymbals. Had he really asked her to marry him? To the invisible stars, she’d whispered a wish for Lachlan to love her forever. Could they have granted her request? 
“And in the process, you tortured me with endless uncertainty. You’ve never told me you loved me.” 
His admission shocked her. As did the pain lurking beneath his words. It suddenly struck her that she’d been so busy protecting herself in their affair that she hadn’t given his feelings much consideration. A pang of guilt made her squirm uneasily. 
“I didn’t want you to feel sorry for me,” she said, then realized how she betrayed herself. She rushed on to stop him claiming victory before she was ready to concede defeat. “You haven’t courted me. Instead you took me to bed. That’s not how a gentleman expresses honorable intentions.”
“I knew the moment I saw you in that ridiculous dress at the masquerade that you were the girl for me. But your dragon of an aunt would have exiled you back to Sussex if I’d shown even a glimmer of interest in you over your cousin.” His voice lowered and she heard an unfamiliar hint of discomfort. “My intentions were honorable despite my dishonorable behavior. I thought you understood that. I’m not a liar and I’ve never lied to you. No man of integrity would ruin a defenseless girl purely for his own selfish pleasure.”
With a faint rustle, he shifted on his seat, as if physically rejecting the idea that he would compromise her without thought for her welfare. 
“I didn’t understand,” she said dully, still twining her hands together in silent distress. “How could I?”
He growled low in his throat, the sound vibrating with self-disgust. “I should have spent more time talking to you and less time touching you. But I want you so much. Surely, whatever else you believed about my intentions, you knew how desperately I desired you.”
“Oh, yes,” she said, unable to hide her bitterness. “You were endlessly seductive.”
“A man can woo with seduction.”
“Not in respectable society,” she said grimly. She remained wary of his confessions, sweet as they were to hear. He dangled the promise of heaven so close, yet still might tear it away. All day she’d been battered by circumstances, pitched from anguish to joy and back to anguish again. She couldn’t trust that she’d reached safe harbor at last. “The Earl of Ravenglass can’t marry the woman who’s been his mistress for six weeks.”
“Watch me.” 
She heard the same determination that had carried his mother to success against Aunt Ida. Campion had a feeling that she fought a losing battle here. Still she wasn’t quite ready to surrender. 
His breath escaped in a frustrated hiss. “Sweetheart, none of this matters a tinker’s damn. Society. Manners. Propriety. What matters is that I love you. Do you love me?”
Her tone turned tart. “Clearly you think I do.”
His actions had bordered on arrogance and she couldn’t help but feel that he’d played with her from the start. Was he playing with her now? She’d been so wretched. She couldn’t yet allow herself to believe that a happy ending beckoned. 
“I’ve always hoped that you gave yourself to me because you love me,” he said with uncharacteristic humility. “Please tell me that’s so. You’re not a girl to yield to a man unless your heart is involved.”
How tragically true that was. But still she didn’t relent. Not quite. 
He must have sensed her continuing resistance, because humility turned to an urgency unlike anything he’d revealed before. “My love, please don’t toy with me.” He caught her hands. “I swear I meant to propose this afternoon. I was a blockhead not to speak immediately. But I defy any man not to let nature take its course when the woman he loves greets him naked. I planned to tell you everything, then take you straight to my mother. You never have to go back to those witches. Say the word and you’ll be safe forever.”
He lifted her hands to his lips. The desperation in his kisses betrayed his anxiety. He was shaking. 
“And that word is ‘yes’ to your proposal?” She broke his hold, wondering why she hesitated. 
But she’d been too easily won when she’d agreed to be his mistress. She wanted him to feel that he’d needed to strive to gain her as a wife. 
He was so used to having the advantage. But not tonight. Tonight, dressed in silks and wearing diamonds, she felt powerful and worth the winning. She wanted him to acknowledge that. 
He straightened and caught her hands again, despite her fluttering attempts to evade him. He brought them down between them. “I’d crawl over broken glass to make you my bride, but no, there are no conditions on my offer of help.”
She licked her lips and raised the subject that had troubled her since this afternoon. Troubled, haunted and gladdened her, whatever dilemma it presented. “I could be carrying your child.”
His clasp tightened almost to bruising. She heard his uneven breathing through the darkness. “I was careless this afternoon. I couldn’t hold back. You touch me and I go insane. I’m so sorry, my love. But I’d hoped we’d be married soon and a child would be a welcome arrival.”
“Did you think to force my hand?” 
Even with a pregnancy threatening destitution and disgrace, she couldn’t relinquish herself to him. Not yet. Not until she knew that he’d never take her for granted. 
For ten years, nobody had valued her. Lachlan said he loved her. He wanted her as his bride. But she needed to be certain that he was willing to fight to win her. 
“No!” His trembling tension told her that if he’d been sure of her when she’d stepped into the carriage, he was sure of her no more. “No. You’re free to choose your own way. If you won’t marry me, we’ll work something out. You’ll never suffer because of anything I’ve done.”
“I could remain your mistress,” she said bleakly. 
“To hell with that!” She winced at the anger in his tone, even as she rejoiced that he rejected her reluctant suggestion. “You deserve better than that. We both know it.”
During the last quarter hour, she’d discovered more about his feelings than in all their passionate afternoons. Something stirred inside her. It felt remarkably like hope. “So it’s marriage or never having you in my bed again?”
“This breaks my heart to say so, but yes.” He lifted her hands and kissed the knuckles, his mouth hot and passionate. “Do you want me to court you, sweetheart? I’ll court you as no woman in history has been courted. I’ll do anything to make you my wife. I can’t believe that you reject me absolutely. You must like me a little.”
This was a long step down from his earlier conviction about her feelings. He sounded afraid and unsure and not at all like the man who had swept her away on a raging tide of desire. 
Maybe it was time she stopped tormenting him. 
Her lips curved into a smug smile. She was glad he couldn’t see her. “A little.”
Something in her tone must have alerted him. The air pulsed with new awareness. “A little?”
She paused. “A lot.”
He groaned and swept her up against him, peppering kisses across her face as if he wanted to devour her whole. Then his lips settled upon hers. The kiss conveyed a profundity of feeling that she’d never experienced before, even at the height of rapture. The last wisps of uncertainty and mistrust vanished. 
Lachlan lifted his head. “Blast this darkness. I can’t see your eyes. Your eyes tell me so much. Do you love me, Campion?”
Torturing him had been enjoyable to a point, but this moment was too important for games. She stretched to place a clumsy kiss on the hard line of his chin. “Yes, I do love you, Lachlan Macmurrie.”
“And will you marry me?” His voice sounded raw.
“I think I’d better,” she said, then lost all impulse to make light of her answer when he ravished her mouth again. More of those long, soul-searching kisses that turned her bones to warm honey. 
Eventually she surfaced for air and realized that they still trundled through London. She sat on Lachlan’s lap. Under the velvet cape, his hand cupped her breast. “Aren’t we going to the ball?” 
“Wouldn’t you rather stay here?” The happiness in his voice made her heart clench with poignant adoration. “We’ve never made love in a carriage. Although you teased me so cruelly on those occasions, I came damn near to losing control.”
She didn’t smile. Her heart was so crammed with love that she felt embarrassingly close to tears. Her earlier despair had melted to a joy that should light the whole world, let alone this dark interior. “Do you know what I’ve always wanted to do with you?”
She sensed his immediate interest. He knew that she was about to say something significant. He always did. “Will I be shocked, my love?”
She smiled into his shirt front, breathing in his delicious scent. Clean skin and warm male. “I think so.”
“Then for God’s sake, don’t keep me in suspense.”
Gently she drew his head down and whispered her most secret wish into his ear. 

The tall gray house in Grosvenor Square was festooned with bright greenery and scarlet banners for Christmas. In the thickening snow, the rich colors glowed against torch-lit white. 
A street away from Lady Winterson’s, Campion and Lachlan had reunited with Lady Ravenglass. Now a properly chaperoned Miss Parnell arrived at the ball in the earl’s fashionable town carriage. She also arrived with her dress straight and her hair comme il faut. After Lachlan’s passionate embraces, Lise needed to revisit her earlier work on Campion’s appearance. 
Lines of people slowly moved along a red carpet toward the open door and the welcoming blaze of light. Chatter and lilting music flooded from the house. A tall gray-haired man with a youthful face and an enigmatic expression supervised the procession. 
“Good evening, Lady Ravenglass,” he said with a bow deeper than the one he’d bestowed upon the preceding couple. “Always a pleasure to welcome you.”
“And you, Philbert,” the countess responded with a fond smile. “It’s a crush again, I see.”
The man didn’t smile, but his manner conveyed vast respect. “I often wonder how Lady Winterson squeezes everyone in, my lady. But every year she does.”
“A Christmas miracle,” the countess said with a bell-like laugh. 
“We always have at least one each year, my lady,” the man, who Campion now identified as a senior servant, said. He glanced past Lady Ravenglass to where, in defiance of convention, Lachlan held Campion’s hand. “My lord. And the charming Campion Parnell. It’s a privilege to welcome you to 3 Grosvenor Square, Miss Parnell.”
Campion had undergone so many shocks in the last few hours that she hardly registered that this distinguished stranger recognized her. She smiled. It was difficult not to smile when all one’s hopes came to fruition. “Thank you.”
People pressed behind them and Campion and the Macmurries stepped into the hall. When a footman took Campion’s cape, she turned to find Lachlan staring at her as if he’d never seen a woman before. And the sight captivated him into awed silence. 
If she hadn’t believed he’d loved her before, his thunderstruck expression as he beheld her in her glorious blue gown would have convinced her. 
“I’m the luckiest devil alive,” he muttered, his eyes dazed as if he couldn’t comprehend the extent of his good fortune. 
In that magical moment, Campion Parnell, poor, neglected, unloved, felt herself blossom into a woman capable of commanding nations with the merest hint of a smile. She drew herself up to her full height and extended her hand toward him. “I believe Lady Winterson has achieved another Christmas miracle in us, my lord.”
“My darling, I—” 
She’d never seen him at a loss for words. That perilous lump of emotion lodged in her throat again, even as she told herself that she couldn’t cry here in public on the happiest night of her life. 
When Lachlan drew Campion aside, he attracted even more curious stares than he had arriving hand in hand with an unknown lady. “I want the world to know you’re mine.” 
“I am,” she murmured for his ears alone. 
The hand that he slid into his jacket wasn’t quite steady. He withdrew something small and glittering. “Say you’ll wear this tonight. And forever. Please.”
The “please” touched her. But not quite as much as the sight of this supremely confident man regarding her with such agonized yearning in his green eyes. He extended the sparkling diamond ring toward her. 
“You’re certainly prepared,” she said huskily, staring at the ring without shifting forward. Tonight had been so packed with surprises. She became inured to marvels. 
“I intended to give it to you this afternoon,” he said in an undertone. “But you took to your heels before I had a chance.”
Feeling as if a flaming torch burned inside her, she held her hand out in consent. “In future, I promise to stay and listen whenever you offer me diamonds.”
“I’ll remember that.” His face alight with love, he slid the ring onto her finger. His shaking urgency made her realize anew that she wasn’t dreaming. “Now let me take you upstairs where I intend to fulfill your wildest fantasies.”
With her eyes, she silently vowed her love to him. “I can hardly wait.”
Up, up, up the curved marble stairs they went, joining the cavalcade flowing into the exquisite ballroom. Campion was in such a daze of happiness that she hardly noticed the woman who greeted them at the door and wished them every happiness. Although since she’d arrived in London, she’d heard a thousand stories about Lady Winterson’s beauty and elegance. And a few whispers about her scandalous past too. 
Lachlan turned her into his arms and smiled down at her, his eyes alight with pride and unashamed worship. “May I have this dance, my darling?”
“You may, my lord.” She choked back another surge of powerful emotion. She could hardly believe that all this happened to her. Surely she must burst with the joy exploding inside her like fireworks. 
On a swell of sweet music, the man she loved swept her into a swirling waltz and transformed Campion’s secret dreams into glorious reality. 

The End

Anna Campbell has written eight multi award-winning historical romances for Grand Central Publishing and Avon, and her work is published in sixteen languages. Anna lives on the beautiful east coast of Australia where she writes full-time. For more information on Anna’s books and her latest series, Sons of Sin, please check out her website: www.annacampbell.info

Anna loves to hear from her readers. You can find her at:
Website: www.annacampbell.info
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AnnaCampbellFans
Twitter: @AnnaCampbellOz
GoodReads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/296477.Anna_Campbell


The Last First Kiss
A Holiday Short Story

By 
KATE NOBLE

Copyright © 2013 by Kate Noble



To my niece Evelyn,
A horse-crazy tomboy/beautiful woman-in-the-making


Chapter One


1830
Once upon a time there was a little girl who loved her horse. (This is a very dull way to start a story, but it’s true.) She loved riding her horse, she loved brushing her horse, she – well, she didn’t much love mucking out the stall, but for her horse, she would do it. And that, her aunt told her, was the true measure of love. 
And that was how Susannah Westforth knew she loved Sebastian Beckett. She had known it even at the tender age of nine, when the Becketts moved into the estate on the other side of the village, known as Custard House. (Yes, Custard House.) She knew it when he – a mature and authoritative thirteen-year-old – would obligingly play cards with her on rainy days, or when he would muss her hair and say, “Well done, Susie!” as she took down her opponent in bowls. She knew it when they were both home for school holidays, and he let her tag along to whatever boyish endeavor happened to be going on with the local farmers’ children, acting as her protector and advocate all at once. 
And she knew it now, at the age of sixteen, watching him rumble away in his carriage to go off on his Grand Tour.
Susannah would have done anything for Sebastian. Possibly even mucked out one of his horse’s stalls, although thankfully, he never asked her.
“Oh, Clarabelle, whatever shall I do now?” she sniffed to her long-beloved horse. (Susannah would readily acknowledge Clarabelle was a name better suited to a cow than a beautiful white-socked chestnut, but she had not been a particularly clever eight-year-old when she named her.) 
Clarabelle, as intelligent a horse as there ever was, did not answer.
They sat on the hill rise, watching the carriage roll away from Custard House, tears streaming down Susannah’s face. Sebastian had come over to say goodbye yesterday, and he had chuffed her on the shoulder and told her, “Don’t worry, Susie – I’ll be back before you know it. You won’t have time to change a lick!”
Susannah had managed to keep her tears in then, but there was no point in hiding them now. She watched from her spot on the hill until the carriage disappeared in the distance, completely confused and lost in the emotions reserved for a sixteen-year-old who was in love but did not know how to be.
She rode astride back to the house, which was so much faster that she could only roll her eyes every time her mother told her it was unladylike. And she wore breeches – also unladylike, but so much more comfortable than wearing that heavy habit her mother insisted upon. 
But the most unladylike thing about Susannah when she walked into her home was that, due to a sudden and oddly not-metaphorical downpour, she was soaking wet.
“Susie!” she heard the shrill voice of her mother, followed quickly by the determined trot of her little body across the foyer of their home, known as Dewberry Manor (yes, Dewberry Manor). “What on Earth are you doing? Tracking mud and water all over the place. You cannot have been outside looking like that – what will the neighbors think?”
Normally, Susannah did not let her mother’s ideas of proper behavior affect her. She would let them roll off her like water out of a pitcher. Even at the age of sixteen – or perhaps because of it – Susannah knew her mother to be a deeply silly woman. She was small and fidgety, only worried about how things looked instead of how things felt and actually were in real life the way Susannah knew they were. So usually, she ignored her mother. And quite merrily, too.
But today, on this saddest of days, on the day that the one true love of her life drove away with little more than a pat on the head and a wave from the carriage, Susannah could not ignore her mother, her feelings, or how things actually were in real life.
“Oh, hang it all!” she yelled, shaking water off her head like an angry, wet dog. “It doesn’t matter what the neighbors think! There are no neighbors to think about now!”
“Susie – ” Lady Westforth gasped. “A young lady does not take such a tone with her mother!” 
“My tone doesn’t matter, Mama! My life is utterly and completely over and nothing matters anymore!”
And with that, Susannah stalked off, her determined march turning her footfalls into thuds as she hurried to her room. Where she promptly threw herself on her bed, heedless of the mess her wet clothes were making of the quilt, and indulged in a good solid crying jag.
It could have been minutes later, it could have been hours, when the knock came at the door. And a soft, kind voice murmured her name.
“Susie? I know everything has apparently fallen to pieces, but I have brought tea.” There was a distinct pause. “I have always found hot tea beneficial when chunks of the earth start breaking free of their moorings. Also when one is cold and wet.” 
Susannah’s face broke into a watery smile. She had forgotten Aunt Julia was visiting. Her elegant aunt always seemed to sail through life. She brought her sense of calm and dry wit wherever she went. And she was the only person Susannah might possibly open the door for now.
But Susannah was too bereft to get off the bed, so she made a mournful noise and let that be invitation enough for Aunt Julia. 
“Oh, Susie.” She could hear the chuckle in her aunt’s voice upon seeing the tableau she presented. “Things must be dire indeed.”
The tea tray was set upon a little table, and the mattress shifted with the addition of Julia’s weight as she sat on the bed. Still, Susannah refused to look up.
“Would you like to talk about it?” This too was met with deafening silence. Because no matter how much Susannah might like to confide in her Aunt Julia, she just couldn’t. No one could understand how she felt, deep inside. It was too powerful, too unpronounceable, too unwieldy a thing, and if she said it out loud it would just explode like a cannon.
“Well,” Julia said with a sigh. “Perhaps I can guess.” She paused to think, but only for a moment. “You are sad because Sebastian has left for his Grand Tour, and you are afraid he will go away and forget you and meet some other young woman. Perhaps she’s Parisian. Or Belgian. Those Belgian girls do have forthrightness that comes with being from such a small country. But regardless of the nationality of this young lady, she is sophisticated and fashionable and she’ll have Sebastian wrapped around her finger. And he’ll never see you as anything other than a little sister.”
Susannah’s head came up. She stared at her aunt, her tear-stained cheeks flushed, but her eyes unblinking and suddenly quite dry. 
“By the time he comes back, your young Mr. Beckett will be married to said Belgian girl, who you will be forced to smile at and visit with at Custard House, even as your heart breaks with every love-coo she sends her henpecked Sebastian.”
Susannah gaped. Her mind reeled at the exposure of her deepest, darkest fears. “That was the most terrible thing you could have possibly said,” she blurted out, slapping a hand over her mouth in horror. 
But Julia just smiled. “It’s also the most unlikely to happen. Good English boys don’t go on their Grand Tour and come back married.”
“But… it could. Belgian girls, and all.”
“True, but it doesn’t happen to good English boys who rely on their good English fathers for income, at least,” her aunt said wryly. “However, there is a bigger problem.” 
Susannah’s eyebrow went up. 
“Even if Sebastian comes back unattached – as I promise you, he will – he is still not attached to you.” Julia’s eyes glinted with purpose. “That is what you most want, isn’t it? That’s what the tears are about. Your young Sebastian did not see you as something to be bereft at leaving.”
And Susannah quickly realized, sitting there on the bed amidst her sorrow and her muddy riding clothes, that Julia was right. (She so often was.) Her sadness was not born of the fact that she would miss Sebastian (she would) or that he might meet someone (please, God, no) – it was because he wasn’t hers. He did not belong to her. Not in the way her heart belonged to him.
And there seemed to be nothing to do but break down in sobs again.
But this time, she threw herself into the arms of her aunt, who bore the shudders and the fluids, if not with sympathy, then at least gamely.
“I don’t know – *hic* – what to do!” Susannah wailed. “I’ve tried everything. I tried being near him and riding with him and… and I even tried kissing him once!”
Julia’s eyebrow went up. “Did you now?”
It had been for naught, of course. She had been sitting next to him on a felled log, after a good long sprint on Clarabelle, and she had leaned into him, her eyes closed, only to find that he had stood some moments before and she was left kissing tree bark. When Sebastian turned, he’d seen her face down and done nothing more than raise a brow and said, “Lose your balance, Susie? Up for the ride back?”
“I just know – *hic* – that if I could have kissed him, he would have felt everything I feel for him, I just know it!” Susannah continued, straightening and sniffing. “It would change everything! But now he’s gone, and I’ll never have the chance!”
This last realization brought on a whole new set of sobs. After a banal, “there, there” and perfunctory pats on the shoulder, Julia forced Susannah to a sitting position.
“That should be enough wallowing, don’t you think?” her aunt said.
“It… it should?” 
“I should say so!” Julia cried in agreement, as if ending the wallow had been Susannah’s idea. “As I was saying before, you have missed no chance with young Mr. Beckett. In fact, his leaving is a blessing!”
“It is?” Now Susannah was completely bewildered.
“Because Mr. Beckett is so very used to seeing you, silly!” Julia shook her head. “Every summer, every school holiday. Men, in my experience, have a great deal of difficulty appreciating what is right in front of them.”
“So… so you think by the time he comes back from his Grand Tour… he’ll see me? Truly see me?” Susannah was too hopeful for words. 
But her aunt simply regarded her with a cold, assessing eye. “Yes,” she said finally. “If we make him notice you.”
“How do we do that?”
The corners of her aunt’s mouth tightened.
“Please, Aunt –” Susie begged. “I’ll do anything.”
“Even give up wearing breeches to ride?”
Susannah’s brow came down. Then her eyes followed, taking in her clothes. Muddy boots and breeches, hanging loose on her frame. Then she looked over at her aunt. Impeccable and comfortable in her grace. There was no comparison. But still…
“What’s wrong with wearing breeches to ride?” she asked a little defensively. 
“Nothing!” her aunt hastened to assure. “And if you want to wear breeches when you are riding alone, I would not tell your mother. But men – again, in my experience – like women because we are a mystery to them. Right now, in those ill-fitting breeches, you are not a mystery to men. You are a little friend. A pal.” Her nose crinkled in distaste. 
And Susannah could see she was right. She was not the type to garner attention from a man, let alone from Sebastian. She had not mastered the arts the other girls at her school had always been practicing in the mirror. She hadn’t immediately excelled at such things the way she had at schoolwork or riding, so she shunned them more out of fear of embarrassment than dislike. And yet, she had always wondered… how did they do it? How did they bat their eyes just so? How did they choose just the right shade of blue to wear?
“You must have a lot of experience with men, Aunt,” Susannah said with awe. 
Julia looked askance a moment, but then leaned into Susannah, her eyes sparkling with determination. “If you do everything I say, I promise you will get that kiss from young Mr. Beckett.”
And then everything will change. “Then he’ll be mine?” 
A smirk crossed her aunt’s face. “And then… the rest is up to you.”


Chapter Two


Three years later…
“So, the snow is too impassible to get to Derbyshire, but not impassible enough to let us skip Lady Winterson’s ball?” Sebastian Beckett grumbled as they pulled up to Grosvenor Square, joining a long queue of carriages emptying out in front of No. 3. He had been back in England for a se’ennight, back in London for two days, and he was already exhausted by the pace of the Little Season. A Little Season he’d originally had no intention of taking part in.
Of course, the weather had changed that.
“No one misses Lady Winterson’s ball! It’s where all the fun is!” his friend and travelling companion, Jude St. John, had said, shaking his head at Sebastian’s lack of holiday spirit. But it was dashed hard to have holiday spirit when one was not where they wished to be for the holiday! 
By the time they’d travelled from Calais to the St. John house in Berkley Square in London, the word from the Great North Road was that the snow was half a carriage wheel high. There wasn’t anything to be done but accept Lady St. John’s hospitality. Letters were dispatched to his father Sir Beckett in Derbyshire, but they would likely not get there any sooner than Sebastian would. 
Holidays were for homecomings, and Sebastian wanted to be home. After three years abroad –every moment of which was spent experiencing the world and admittedly enjoying himself – he wanted the familiarity of Custard House, the quaint streets his village, and the family and friends he’d only been known to by letter for far too long. And yes, granted, he had been the one to extend his trip, not once but twice. But that had been for very good reasons. 
When given the opportunity to climb the foothills of the Alps in Switzerland, one must take it, mustn’t they? And when invited to attend a six-month excavation in Egypt of a King’s tomb (which actually turned out to be a regular person’s tomb, with no treasure inside) – adventures of that sort do not wait on sentimentality.
But it was time to be back in the bosom of his loving family. To see the familiar smiling faces of his friends and regale them with tales of his adventures. Besides, now that he was so close to where he began, it was the only place he wanted to be. Not even the famed Christmas Ball at No. 3 Grosvenor Square could distract him from his frustration. Indeed, the line of carriages and the crush of people only frustrated him further.
He thought of the rolling hills of his father’s estate. Even on a winter day like today, he would have wanted to take his horse out for a good ride. Maybe little Susie Westforth would trot over merrily and join him, trying to best him on Clarabelle, and coming close a time or two. Then he and Susie (who would have decided their race only after a quarter hour of arguing about it) would adjourn to Custard House, or maybe Dewberry Manor, depending on whose home they were close to, and play cards or games and be merry.
Only then, after a week or so of that bucolic atmosphere would he be bored enough to come back to town for the Little Season. Then he would be happy to flirt with debutantes and have hushed conversations with double meanings. Then he would enjoy having his blood stirred by the sight of lowered lids and a small, promising smile on a full-lipped mouth. 
But only once he’d had his fill of home.
“If we don’t reach the front of the line soon, we will miss the ball simply by it ending before we get in the door,” he grumbled.
Unfortunately, he’d had little sympathy from Jude, who already was home and able to enjoy the comforts of family (and the food his mother stuffed into him, which Jude enjoyed immensely) as well as the stimulations of society at the same time.
“First you want to avoid the ball, now you are impatient to arrive,” Jude replied, mocking. When Sebastian sent him a look, Jude threw up his hands. “You are stuck here, Bass. Might as well try to enjoy it. Mother tells me that this particular ball will be worth our while.”
“Your mother prays it will be worth your while, given its history.” Even Sebastian, from a small country village, knew of Lady Winterson’s Christmas Ball, and how seemingly every year, there would be some couple or other that found romance there. Sebastian had no doubt Lady Winterson or her storied butler, Philbert, perpetuated the myth. Indeed, it was practically printed on the invitations. And if Lady St. John could have her food-loving, adventure-seeking son find a young lady of quality there to make his bride and settle down with, so much the better in her eyes. Sebastian had only known Jude’s mother for two days, and he knew that much without a doubt.
But Jude shrugged off his mother’s secondary motives. Indeed, he even seemed to play right into them. “I hear that every young lady worth meeting this season is there. And some shine especially bright. There’s one my mother says was such a success this season, she turned down seven marriage proposals. Even one from an Earl!” His eyes glittered, his voice became wistful. “A lady like that must be incredible.”
Jude got his love of gossip from his mother. 
“Or incredibly silly,” Sebastian argued. “Who turns down an Earl?”
“Someone who is waiting for love,” Jude considered. “Or someone who can afford to be particular.”
Sebastian was about to debate the point further, although he was only doing so because he was in a dark mood, but at that moment their carriage jerked forward one last time and rolled to a stop in front of No. 3. 
“Time to find out if it is worth our while.” Jude grinned at him as the carriage door swung open, letting in a rush of chilly air. “Could you do me a favor?” Jude asked then. “Could you try to have a good time?”
“Yes,” Sebastian relented, knowing now that his glum behavior so far that night must have been abominable to make Jude turn serious, even for a moment. “I can try.” And he pushed out into the cold.
Luckily, the cold only lasted as long as it took to hop from the carriage and up the stairs of No. 3, but it was still harsh enough to sting at Sebastian’s nose. After three years in sunnier climes, he was beginning to wonder how he had survived English winters his entire life. But all that chill melted away as soon as they entered the huge marbled foyer of Lady Winterson’s house. 
It was a complete crush. Which no doubt added to the steaming warmth. A good dozen groups waited ahead of them in the receiving line, divesting themselves of cloaks and greatcoats, arranging skirts and cravats to perfection, and throwing elbows out and squishing everyone else as they did so. Some people who had already been received chatted and lingered on the grand curved staircase that dominated the entrance, pink-cheeked ladies in white being pressed against dark clad young men as servants in green and red livery tried to wend their way past, carrying trays of champagne and treats. 
“The ballroom and dining room must be packed full, if people are mingling out here,” Jude whispered, as he spotted someone he knew and gave a cheerful wave of greeting. They made their way to the formidable – and formidably beautiful – Lady Winterson.
“Young Lord St. John – so recently returned from your travels!” Lady Winterson greeted them with cheer. “And how does your mother?” 
“Wonderfully!” Jude replied, giving excuses for his mother’s inability to attend. She had recently entered her tenth confinement. No wonder she was eager to get Jude married off and out of the house – even a large house like theirs would be pressed for space.
“And how pleasant to make your acquaintance, Mr. Beckett,” Lady Winterson was saying, and Sebastian gave a graceful bow. “I hope your journeys of late have been pleasurable.”
“Oh yes,” Sebastian quipped. “Although not half as long as the wait to get into your ball, my lady.”
Jude sent him a hard look. “Bass…” he said under his breath, and Sebastian colored. “Don’t be so mulish. I apologize, Lady Wint—”
“Oh, I am sure your friend means to compliment, even if he does it with a frown,” Lady Winterson interrupted smoothly. “After all, a lady likes to be popular.”
Sebastian relaxed his shoulders, bowing again. His rudeness was unpardonable, and he was lucky to be pardoned. “Indeed, my lady. I should be mortified if you took it any other way.”
Lady Winterson seemed to relax too. Then her eyes sparkled with something that might have taken Sebastian aback, if he hadn't been so preoccupied being mortified by his own behavior. “Not at all, Mr. Beckett. However, I am terribly affronted by the frown. I will not have frowns at my party, and especially not at Christmas. Philbert will declare the night a disaster if he sees you, and he’s already in a mood. I can only assume it has to do with the mistletoe arrangements. He has been terribly finicky about them.”
Sebastian felt the corner of his mouth perk up. 
“There, that’s a start. I suggest you gentlemen have a drink of champagne and find some ladies to dance with. We have an excellent selection.” She winked, making Sebastian’s mouth tick up further. “And who knows? Maybe Mr. Beckett will find his smile.”
With that, they were dismissed.
“What is the matter with you, Bass? You weren’t so egg-headed on the continent as to insult our hostess first thing upon entering her home,” Jude chided under his breath as they squeezed past the throngs and into the ballroom proper.
“I know,” Sebastian replied. “I apologize. It won’t happen again.”
Jude just sighed, prompting Sebastian to slap him on the back.
“It won’t! I promise, I will try to find a bit of holiday spirit. Look,” he said, pointing across the elegant room. “Isn’t that Parkhurst? I haven’t seen him since we left university.” Their old school chum stood with a group of young men, centered around someone. A female. Sebastian could see the swish of ivory silk skirts but nothing else. 
Jude’s face broke out into a grin. “Who’s he standing with? Parkhurst, old man! Happy Christmas!” 
A chorus of greetings came their way as Jude leapt forward to hail old friends and make new. And in that moment, Sebastian decided to be happy. Or at least try. Jude and Lady Winterson were right: he was here now, why not try to make the best of it? Try and find a smile and some Christmas cheer. Yes, he missed Custard House and his family. Yes, he missed the country, and his friends, and even little Susie Westforth running wild over the hills on her horse. But right now, there was wine to be had (as he grabbed a glass off a passing tray) and friends to reacquaint himself with (as he clapped Parkhurst on the shoulder), and apparently, a young lady that had captured everyone’s attention.
Home would wait a few more days for him. It would not have changed. 
That was the last thought he could remember before Parkhurst turned to greet them, allowing Sebastian a peek at the young lady that was the center of all this male attention. 
He saw her all at once, but in that moment, it was as though his mind could comprehend her only in small pieces. Dark, silky hair, done up in intricate falling curls that touched against creamy soft shoulders. Her dress clung to the curves on her slim frame, making a man acutely aware of what was seen and what was unseen. Hooded eyes sparkling in the candlelight, a knowing smile painted on a full-lipped mouth that offered a hint of promise… hope for whispered conversation full of double meanings. 
And her voice… it was as familiar to him as a song, but somehow, he’d never heard it this way before.
“Hello, Sebastian,” Susannah Westforth purred. Little no more. “Happy Christmas.”


Chapter Three


“Have you spotted them yet?” Lucy Frost, Lady Winterson, said in a rushed whisper.
“Spotted who?” Philbert replied, distracted. She had found him in an intimate alcove just off the ballroom, blessedly empty, fussing with the mistletoe again. Making sure it hung perfectly, in the middle of the garland that decorated the close space.
“He just arrived! Young Mr. Beckett. Julia wrote me to be on the lookout for him, should he ever decide to return from abroad. And of course, he chooses tonight of all nights to do so!” Lucy could feel her face blush with giddy excitement. She knew that after all these years of hosting the Christmas Ball, she should be used to the rush of excitement, merriment, and joy it gave her, but instead it came unbidden anew, making her feel young again. 
But Philbert was looking down on her with concern. “Your face, my lady. You’ve become quite flushed.” He put out his hand to feel the side of her cheek, shocking her with his touch. 
“I, ah… I am merely pleased, is all.” She felt herself flushing more from his touch and told herself she was relieved when he put his hand down. “Mr. Beckett is here, Miss Westforth is here, and I am certain sparks will fly between them. That is, once we put them together.”
Philbert glanced over her shoulder into the ballroom beyond. “I fear there is little we need to do for this couple.” 
She followed his gaze to where she could see Miss Susannah Westforth, the most sought after young lady of the past Season, surrounded by a sea of young men, giving Sebastian Beckett her hand to bow over. Startled, he did so. Then, a waltz began, and before the first three notes had been played, Susannah’s partner had stepped forward to claim her and lead her to the floor. The look on Mr. Beckett’s face fluctuated between completely shocked and utterly murderous. 
“Well, well,” she murmured. “That knocked his socks off. It will be a few hours yet before she has him smiling. Although, to hear Julia tell it, a little torture might be in that boy’s best interest.”
“Hours of torture?” Philbert asked, shaking his now silver head. Lucy could remember when it had been a deep chocolate, thick and wavy. Of course, it was still thick, still waved. She raised her hand to her own light hair. Silver now too, she knew. But hopefully, still stylish. 
“Yes.” Lucy nodded. “Why, do you think that too much?”
“It’s not for me to say, my lady.” The corner of his mouth went up. “Some men will break under hours of torture, wanting for a woman. Some men endure decades.”
Something zipped through Lucy’s heart. Something uncomfortable, something wonderful. And when her eyes met his… something that made her flush all over again.

Susannah could feel warmth spreading through her body, that odd tingling of awareness stretching over her skin like an invisible touch. He was here. Sebastian was here. Now. How long had he been back in England? In London? Why did she feel so ill-prepared for this meeting, when all she had been doing for the last three years was wishing for it?
Wishing for a single kiss from him.
As Mr. Parkhurst took her through another turn in the waltz, Susannah tried her best to compose herself, and to remember all her aunt had taught her. Oh, she wished Aunt Julia was there at that very moment! But of course, she could not be – the snow had stranded her in the North much the way everyone here was stranded in the South. As it was, Susannah was all alone in London – staying with friends while her family celebrated the holiday at Dewberry Manor. At home.
First things first – never let your young Mr. Beckett see you unsettled. The phrase echoed in Susannah’s head. It had been early on in their lessons, when Aunt Julia had been trying to get her to sit serenely at tea, and not twitch her leg or fidget her hands. 
Susannah took a deep breath and let a serene smile bloom over her features. She would not let Sebastian know how her heart raced, how she could feel his eyes on her as she twirled across the room. He would not see her unsettled, nor let him know that he was the one doing the unsettling. 
“You have a very curious look on your face,” Parkhurst said, bringing her attention back to him. (Another rule long since drilled into her head popped up: When with a man, give him your full attention. Unless he does not return the favor.) And Parkhurst definitely was earning her attention, his eyes peering into her face, searching.
“Do I?” she asked, turning the corners of her mouth up. 
“Yes. I would pay all the money I have to know what you are thinking.”
“Oh, I should prefer not to bankrupt you, so I will happily tell you,” Susannah answered back coyly. “I was thinking about my aunt, and some advice she has given me.”
“Advice?” Parkhurst’s (slightly bushy) eyebrow went up. “On what subject?”
“Men.”
Now his second eyebrow joined the first. “And what was the advice?”
“All men, whether they know it or not, desire manipulation. It is only charitable that we women manipulate them to our liking.”
Parkhurst blinked twice and then burst out laughing. And Susannah glowed with pleasure, knowing that she had gained the attention of every man in the room – and cemented the gaze of one man in particular.

After Parkhurst came Lord Trolley, and then Mr. Campbell for a reel. Thus Susannah did not have a moment to catch her breath for nearly a full hour. When one finally came, she was inundated with offers to fetch her refreshment. She directed the young bucks toward the punch bowl, letting them argue over who would bring the cup to her. What she really wanted was a respite. A few moments to breathe, to collect her thoughts. She knew Sebastian was here somewhere, and the next time she saw him, she had to be quick and clever, and – according to her aunt – completely alluring and unattainable at the same time, thus rendering him in her thrall –
“I thought you’d never leave the dance floor.”
She started, but quickly smoothed her features. Not only had Aunt Julia taught her how to dress and stand up straight, she’d taught her how to seem unruffled, even if you were ruffled quite deeply. 
He was standing by the Christmas tree. It was not the first Christmas tree that Susannah had ever seen, but it was certainly the biggest. When Lady Winterson adopted a new trend, she did so with aplomb. The branches of the fir fell out in a perfect conical fashion, the decorations and the little candles jostled only slightly when Sebastian removed himself from the wall. 
He moved gracefully, but then again, he always had. Even when they were young, Susannah’s heart had skipped a beat at just seeing his confident walk. But now, that walk had a bit more thud to it, and his brow a bit more thunder.
“I try to honor all the dances I give away,” Susannah said simply, letting her smile come up again. Letting her eyes fill with the joy of seeing him again.
Sebastian smiled, although it did not reach his eyes. “I remember when you could not do a simple reel without tripping over your feet.”
She blushed, but held his eye. “And I remember that you were quite the gentleman, and never made me feel clumsy for it.” 
“Yes, well… you have improved since then,” he mumbled.
“Three years is a long time.”
“It’s not that long,” he replied, affronted. “Not long enough for…” His eyes raked over her, and she knew what he saw. The changes in her. The child gone and the young lady with learned wiles standing in her skin. The dress, the hair, the posture, the laughter, the joy, the little touches of womanhood must have been a bit of a shock. 
But that did not explain the look of disgust on his face.
“Not long enough for what?” she replied. “It’s long enough for three Christmases. Three summer festivals in Hollyhock. Six birthdays, both yours and mine. Thirty-six months, one hundred-fifty-six weeks, one thousand, ninety-five days…” She ticked off on her fingers.
“Alright, enough.” His hand reached out and took hers. Shocking her with the easiness of it. He chuckled lightly, shaking his head. “You were always more clever with numbers than I. More clever with most things, really.”
She smiled then too, her nerves picking up every little thing about this moment. Locked in a glass bubble, they were, like the ornaments on the tree, the world moving around outside of them but as long as her hand was in his, they were alone…
“But enough of this nonsense. What is a girl like you doing in London?”
“A girl like me?”
“Well, yes. I mean, Susie, I just never expected to see you here. You’re not exactly…”
The glass ball began to crack. “I’m not exactly what?”
“Well…” He gave her a look. “This party… this dress… you’re supposed to be riding your horse over the hills in the country, not dancing with idiots like Parkhurst.” He laughed then. “It’s a little bit ridiculous, come to think of it.”
She felt her brow come down. Her body go cold. The cracked glass ball shattered, and the rest of reality slipped back in.
“You’re angry,” she realized. Some part of her broke a little. After all this time, he’d been gone and she’d been so happy to see him and…
He was angry.
“No, I’m not,” he blustered.
“Yes, you are. You are angry because I am somehow ridiculous for having changed. But what’s ridiculous about it?” she asked, unable to keep her voice calm and cool, as she knew her aunt would insist. “I dance quite well, as you see. I look lovely in this dress. And I enjoy Mr. Parkhurst’s company.”
“No one could enjoy –”
“What I find ridiculous is that you come back after three years away and expect me to be unchanged. To be the skinny, awkward girl who tried to kiss you once and ended up kissing a log instead.” He blinked twice at that, but she kept going. “Instead you are angry – yes, angry! I can tell! – at my having had the audacity to grow up. And you mock me for having done so.”
“Susie, I never meant –”
“It’s Susannah, Sebastian. Or Miss Westforth. And the only ridiculous thing here right now is you.”
With that she turned away, surprised by her own vehemence. Luckily, she did not have long to stew, nor did Sebastian have time to reach out to her and plead his case – if he was going to at all. For just as Susannah turned around, Parkhurst and a retinue of gentlemen returned with glasses of punch, champagne, and little plates full of treats. 
“Mr. Parkhurst.” She smiled broadly, shoving away any of her messier feelings. “How delightful – you have brought me an entire repast!”
Parkhurst grinned. “There was some debate as to what would please you, so we brought several options.” 
“Anything and everything pleases me, Mr. Parkhurst. I want it all.”
And with that, she let Parkhurst and the other young men envelope her, whisking her away from Sebastian. She refused to look back.


Chapter Four


“Hang it. Hang the whole bloody thing.” Sebastian said under his breath. He paced up and down the floor, heedless of the dozens of people standing idly in his path, doing nothing more than chatting, or flirting, or enjoying the ball’s delights. Well, Sebastian would not be delighted. Granted, when he had walked into this party, he had not been in the most cheerful of holiday spirits. But he had made up his mind to correct that, until little Susie Westforth sailed past him into a waltz with bloody Parkhurst!
He’d had to watch her all night, dance with man after man, smile at them, make them laugh and they make her laugh in turn, all the while his blood was settling into a boil. 
Of course he’d been too busy being angry to take a moment and figure out why he was angry when she came upon him skulking by the Christmas tree. 
Apparently that had not gone particularly well. 
Sebastian was left in a state of seething annoyance, watching Susannah (his little Susie! With scraped elbows and a dirty face!) get whisked away by a coterie of his old school friends – each more unctuous than the last, what could she possibly see in them? – after she gave him a set down he frankly did not deserve!
Happy Christmas, indeed, he scoffed. 
“Didn’t Lady Winterson tell you to try and find a smile?” Jude approached, shoving a sugared pastry in his mouth and chasing it with champagne. At least he seemed to be having a good time.
“Any chance of that walked away a few minutes ago,” Sebastian muttered. 
Jude’s face split into a knowing grin. “Ah, so you fell victim to her charms too, then.”
Sebastian’s eyes came up, curious. “What are you talking about?”
“The Westforth girl.” Jude looked over his shoulder wistfully. “I saw you talking to her. Hell, you even held her hand. But she left your side, and now you’re sour-faced. Well, more sour-faced,” he corrected. 
“That doesn’t mean I fell victim to any charms.” Sebastian shook his head, confused. Although his fingers still tingled from when they had grasped hers. “And what do you mean, ‘too’?”
Jude’s eyebrow went up. “Bass, she’s the one we talked about. In the carriage?”
Sebastian just shook his head again, not recollecting anything that happened previous to seeing Susannah. 
“The one who turned down seven marriage proposals.” His friend rolled his eyes. “Including an Earl.” 
“What?” Sebastian cried, drawing the attention of several other festive partygoers. “That’s not possible.”
But Jude just nodded. “It is. After Parkhurst danced with her I had to know who she was, and he told me. Susannah Westforth, the paragon. The most sought after girl of the Ton.”
“No. Jude, it’s… it’s just not possible.” Sebastian felt the floor shift beneath him. “She’s not a paragon. She’s Susannah. Susie.” 
But Jude just looked blank.
“Susie.” He tried again. “The girl who lives near me in Derbyshire. I told you about her, surely.”
A frown crossed Jude’s brow. “You told me about a skinny girl who rode her horse too fast and followed you like a puppy.”
“Yes, well… that’s her.”
The corner of Jude’s mouth quirked up. “Not anymore.”
Sebastian was about to quip, or argue – or possibly send a right hook to his friend’s jaw, such was his state of mind – when Jude saw either another friend or another pastry and chuffed Sebastian on the shoulder before he ran off after the person/foodstuff. Leaving Sebastian alone again, wondering why he felt so… queasy.
It was somewhat like being drunk – but he’d had no more than a glass of wine. It was like being felled by a cold – but he had no symptoms. It was like having taken a huge, running leap across a canyon, his heart beating fast – but he’d done nothing more than pace the floor. Nothing more than watch Susannah dance with bloody Parkhurst and others. 
Nothing more than taken her hand… 
And then watched her walk away.
Oh, God. Sebastian thought he might heave.
“Pardon me, sir.” A tall, silver-haired man in butler’s black materialized at his elbow. “But you look as if you could use some air.”
“I fear you are right.” Sebastian nodded grimly. The silver-haired butler led him to a door on the far side of the room and out onto a private terrace. There Sebastian took huge deep gulps of cold night air, steadying himself. 
“If I may be so bold, sir,” the butler spoke up, causing Sebastian to start. Good lord, he hadn’t even realized he was still there. “I could not help but notice that you seemed to have quarreled with Miss Westforth.”
Sebastian grunted in response.
“She is your old friend from home.” The butler shrugged. “She will forgive you. Of course, may I suggest that you beg forgiveness as soon as possible? That seems the smoothest way to go about these things. Especially when you know someone as well as you know Miss Westforth.”
“That’s just it!” Sebastian cried, with more vehemence than he realized he’d felt. “I do know Susie – Miss Westforth. And that fashionable creature is not her!” The Susie Sebastian knew would have laughed at a crowd of men vying for her attention. She would have rather been reading or working on puzzles or… “She is acting foolish, and I simply point this out, and I am told off for it. She’s dancing with Parkhurst and… and laughing with him, for God’s sake!”
“Mr. Parkhurst is perhaps not the most humor-inducing young man here,” the butler agreed solemnly. “But how is Miss Westforth’s dancing and laughing different from any other young lady’s actions tonight?”
“It’s…. it just is.” Sebastian said stubbornly. “And her dress… it’s unseemly!”
“Actually, I have it on good authority that Miss Westforth’s gown is of the highest fashion and appropriate modesty for a young lady of nineteen.”
Nineteen. God, hadn’t she just been sixteen and all bony angles?
“How do you know all this?” Sebastian grumbled after a time. “About Miss Westforth’s gown… and how we are old friends, come to think of it.”
The butler simply shrugged. “I am Philbert, sir. I know everything.”
“Did you know that she tried to kiss me, then?” Sebastian mumbled, kicking his boot against the grey stone balustrade.
Philbert’s mouth crooked up. “In the ballroom? How very forward.”
“No, not now. She told me she tried to kiss me before.”
“Before…?”
“Before I went away. But apparently I wasn’t paying attention, and she ended up kissing a log.”
“And were you?” Philbert asked.
Sebastian’s eyebrow went up, not understanding.
“Were you not paying attention,” he clarified. “Or did you know she tried to kiss you?”
Sebastian felt another shift in the world beneath his feet. Smaller this time, but so, so important. Something clicking into place. “No. I suppose I did know. I just pretended it hadn’t happened.”
He’d seen it. Just out of the corner of his eye, but he’d seen it. Three years ago, after a long run on their horses, breathless, her cheeks flushed and lovely. Sitting nearly leg to leg with him on that felled tree. And his heart had skipped a beat. A rush of… something had him standing before her lips could touch his cheek. 
“Why did you pretend it hadn’t happened?” Philbert asked quietly.
“Because it would have changed things,” Sebastian answered in kind. 
A light dusting of snow had begun to fall, dots of white illuminated by the lights from within the party, the sounds of laughter floating out over them. 
“Change happens no matter what.” The butler cleared his throat. “And by the time she tried to kiss you, the change had already occurred. At least for Miss Westforth.” Philbert looked wistful for a moment. Then… “If I may impart some hard-earned wisdom, sir?” 
Sebastian nodded, but kept his eyes out into the darkness of Lady Winterson’s snowy garden. 
“There is a kind of love that does not happen all at once. It happens in increments. In inches. It takes a lifetime to grow. And invariably, for the people falling, it is difficult to recognize, because they are so close to each other. They cannot see the changes as they occur.”
But then Sebastian had gone away. For three years. And coming home, all the changes that had taken place without him smacked him in the face, leaving him bereft. 
“Also invariably, one person will discover their true feelings before the other,” the butler continued. “And that person has a choice to make. Either they can alter the rules and start playing a different game… or they can be tortured. Wait for years and years on mere hope.” He paused, as if the words stuck in his throat. “I admire your Miss Westforth for choosing the former. It is the path others have been too cowardly to take.”
Those words hung in the air, falling lightly to the ground like the snow. Settling into truth.
“I… no,” Sebastian found himself saying. “Susannah may have had a… a crush on me, and I am deeply fond of her. But she’s not in love with me. And… I’m not in love with her,” Sebastian denied, shaking his head. “I can’t be. It’s… it’s Susannah. My little Susie.”
Philbert shrugged. “That very well may be. But then perhaps it is worthwhile asking, why does her dancing and laughing with other gentlemen upset you so much?”
“Because…” Sebastian tried, defensive. “Because she’s Susannah.”
My Susannah. 
The words flashed through his mind, unbidden. And it was true. She had always been his Susannah. His friend. When he was young, he should have been more keen to rabble around with the young men in the village, or go shooting with his father, or any other more masculine pursuit… but no. He had always wanted to seek out Susie. To go for a ride with her. To spend the day playing cards with her by the fire. And the way she looked at him had made him feel… golden. 
But it had been more than that. He’d liked to hear her laugh. To know what she found amusing. To be himself with her. 
But now… now other men were making her laugh. Discovering her smiles. She could become someone else’s Susannah.
He may not know if he was in love. But he knew for certain he did not want that to happen.
A flash of conviction raced through him. And it wouldn’t, if he had anything to say about the matter.
“If you’ll excuse me, Philbert.” He turned to head inside, but was met immediately by… “Oh, pardon me, Lady Winterson.” He bowed quickly.
But Lady Winterson’s eyes were on Philbert, who stood frozen. 
“My lady…” The butler’s voice was strangled. “How long have you been standing there?”
“Long enough,” she said. Then, seeming to remember herself, she turned to Sebastian. 
“Mr. Beckett. I see you have not yet found that smile I prescribed.”
“Not yet,” he agreed, “but hopefully soon. Do you happen to know –?”
“I saw Miss Westforth in the dining room, not a moment ago.”
“Thank you, ma’am.” And then, Sebastian smiled. Trying the expression out on his features before giving it full rein. It felt strange there. As if all the other smiles he’d tried on before had been mere paint. 
As he moved past his hostess into the ballroom, seeking out the paragon Susannah Westforth, he let that smile grow in concert with his amazement. He did not know what would happen next. 
But he was eager to find out.


Chapter Five


“There you are!” Sebastian cried, making Susannah stop in her tracks. “I’ve been looking all over for you.”
She turned. There he was, behind her. Smiling.
It was enough to make her previous conviction to be cross with him melt away into nothing. But no! Aunt Julia would be horrified if she knew she had melted so quickly. A man must earn your smiles.And Sebastian’s smile, heart-stopping though it was, had certainly not yet earned hers. 
“Why?” she murmured, trying to keep her tone cool. “So you can yell at me again?”
“What? No!” he said, coming to stand close to her. “And I did not yell at you.”
“You most certainly did,” she began to argue. And found her voice rising like when she used to squabble with Sebastian over who actually won an arbitrary race on horseback. She took a deep breath and tried to restore her features to that of a young, polished lady.
Oh damn, where was the retinue of young men that flocked about when she need them? Unfortunately, she had asked the gentlemen to give her a moment to attend to her dress in the ladies’ retiring room. A flimsy excuse to collect herself – she hadn’t even gone to the ladies’ retiring room. She had simply drifted to a different corner of the dining room. Parkhurst and the rest must have wandered to the card room and would be lost there for several minutes. 
“I have no wish to argue with you,” she said instead, gathering herself
“Excellent, I have no wish to argue – oof – with you,” he tried, as someone bumped into him. It was terribly crowded in here. From what she could tell of the music, a new dance was about to start, hence a great deal of shuffling toward the ballroom.
“Then what do you wish?” she asked, coolly, ignoring the crowds and letting a little smile dance over her features.
“Just to start – oof!” Another person bumped into him, making him jump and making Susannah swallow a little laughter.
“Oh hang it,” he said, and grabbed her hand.
“Sebastian!” she cried, but it was lost under the opening notes of a fast reel. He pulled her through the crowd and just off the side into…
An alcove. Curtained, with a small curved bench meant for people seeking respite. Or privacy. But the space was very tight. So tight, Susannah found herself standing almost toe-to-toe with Sebastian.
She forced herself to ignore the heat that radiated off of him. The small flakes of snow melting into droplets in his sandy hair. Instead, she met his eyes. And waited.
“Hello,” he said.
“…hello,” she replied, perplexed.
“I thought I should start off with hello, seeing as I neglected to say it earlier.” 
Her brow came down in confusion. Where was he going with this?
“Not because you took me by surprise,” he continued. “Although you did. But because I didn’t think I needed to have a beginning with you. Since we began so long ago, you see.”
One eyebrow rose. 
“But I was wrong, and for that, I apologize.” His eyes became suddenly sad, and it was all Susannah could do to not reach out and touch his cheek. But she restrained herself. “I was away too long,” he whispered. “Three Christmases, six birthdays. However many weeks…”
“One hundred fifty-six.” She found the corner of her mouth ticking up. “You were missed,” she concurred. “At home.”
“Did you miss me?” he asked suddenly, and a thrill of heat ran through her. Between them.
“Yes.” Her answer was frank. Calm. “Did you miss me?”
“I missed far too much of you,” he answered. “I did not even realize how much until I came here and found the little girl that I knew had gone.”
“She’s not gone,” Susannah conceded. “Not entirely. I still ride Clarabelle at home.”
“Do you now?” The corner of his mouth ticked up.
“In breeches,” she whispered.
Something lit in his eyes. Some kind of… anticipation. And now she knew why her Aunt Julia had ordered her to not wear breeches while riding with other people. Not because they would offend. But because they could entice.
She blushed at the thought, broke his gaze, looked at her shoes, at the little bench, and the candles dripping festive red wax in the wall sconce, looked at the eave they stood under, and the vines of ivy and garland that hung there.
“I want the chance to start again with you, Susannah,” Sebastian whispered. “This new Susannah. I am a bit off-kilter here, and if you would simply give me the opportunity to catch up, I think you and I… I think we could…”
He let that sentence drift off. Left her breathless at what he might have said.
“Oh, I’m making a complete bungle of it, aren’t I?” He dropped her hand – had he been holding it this whole time? Ever since he pulled her in here? – and crossed his arms over his chest. 
“No, you’re not.” She reached out and put her hand on his arm, unwilling to break the connection. “And yes, I suppose a fresh start is fair.” After all, she reasoned, she’d had years to nurse her feelings. He’d had approximately ten minutes.
A grin spread across his face, sending her heart into a hummingbird’s pace. She found herself smiling too. 
No, it was not him falling to his knees professing his love. 
But it was a start.
“Then perhaps I should ask the beautiful Miss Westforth to dance.” 
The fast-paced reel was in its final notes now. A new dance would start up in minutes. “I would love to.”
After a moment of held gazes and breaths, Susannah finally realized she was the one blocking their way out of the alcove. With a blush and a grin, she turned and made to move, but was stopped by Sebastian’s hand, trailing down her arm, a silken touch, finally catching at her hand. 
“Wait,” he said. She turned. His eyes were on the ceiling above them. “I need to ask you something.”
“Yes?”
He pulled her to him slowly, so much so that she did not know if it was him or gravity.
“I heard… Did you really turn down an Earl over the summer?”
Susannah’s eyes went wide, and then her cheeks heated up. But she kept her gaze on his. Finally, she nodded.
“My friend Jude.” He coughed. Then began again. “He said that there were only two reasons a lady would turn down an Earl. If she was waiting for love, or if she had the means to be particular.”
She kept her eyes on his face. Searching. “You know my family, Sebastian,” she answered calmly. “Do you think I can afford to be so choosy?”
Her family was landed, and even if she remained unmarried, she would never be impoverished. But her mother had nearly fainted when she was informed of the riches and luxuries that Susannah had given up by refusing a man of such status as that Earl. There were some things a girl simply did not say “no” to.
But Sebastian simply held her eyes, as he arrived at the answer. She could read every feature. It thrilled him. It terrified him. But still, he held tight to her hand, and now, he wrapped his free arm around her back, pressing her even closer.
She had never stood this close to a man before. Not even when waltzing. Her mind went entirely blank, while her body became entirely awake. Then, he flicked his gaze up to the ceiling. To the the garland overhead, and to the little weed hanging from the center…
Mistletoe.
And she knew. Susannah knew she was about to be kissed. Well and truly kissed for the first time. By Sebastian. And it would be the moment that he finally came to know, to feel everything she felt for him. 
The kiss that would alter everything. The last first kiss.
He lowered his head to hers. Their lips a breath apart.
“Are you certain?” she found herself saying. “If you kiss me – everything changes.”
“And don’t you think it’s about time?” He grinned. And tilting her chin up, pressed his lips to hers.
And Susannah, lost in that wonderful consuming last first kiss, in the warmth and press of his body wrapped around hers, had one single joyous thought shining above everything else.
She had been right this whole time. 
One kiss did change everything.

Out on the balcony, the snow falling around them, Lucy Frost, Lady Winterson, stood facing Philbert. Her butler of over thirty years.
Her truest friend. 
Neither had moved, neither had spoken for some minutes. Because if either spoke… their carefully built lives would fall apart. One way or another. The way things were could not last.
“Do you think Mr. Beckett’s found her by now?” she finally asked, her voice a squeak. The war of her wanting to hold onto the moment and her need to fill the painful silence finally came to a head.
“My lady…” Philbert began.
“I only ask because I thought it might be useful to have the band play another waltz in a song or two, help them along.”
“My lady, I…”
“He likely has found her. After all, youth has the advantage of speed and vigor. And impatience.”
“Lucy.”
She stopped. Her heart stopped. And then, something else fluttered to life. Not new, no… simply dormant. It had been waiting. Waiting for years. 
No, the way things were could not last, she realized. But perhaps… perhaps she did not want them to. Perhaps, they could brush it aside and make way for something better. And that one little word – her name on his lips – thrilled her with the thought that it was not only possible, but worthwhile.
“I know you heard me,” Philbert said at last. His rigid butler’s posture came undone. He looked nervous… and young. But then again, hope always made one young.
“I… yes, I did.” 
“And you have nothing to say?” he replied, waiting. 
But Lucy did not know what to say. Her heart fluttered in her chest, her body rooted to the spot for fear of flying away. 
After a moment, Philbert’s shoulders sagged. “I see. I will tender my resignation, my lady, as soon as a replacement can be found.”
“Wait!” she cried. “I do have something to say, if you will allow me a moment.”
He blinked, but said nothing, giving her a short nod of acquiescence. 
And then she did the only thing she could. 
The brave thing.
She took three short steps, rose on her tiptoes, and pulled his head toward hers.
The kiss rocked both of them, a kiss of too many feelings long growing and long denied. When they finally broke apart, he held her back by the shoulders, searching her face. Needing answers.
“Is this real?” he whispered.
“Yes,” she breathed. 
“I’m old, Lucy. I have no time for games.”
“You forget, Philbert, I am old too.”
He toyed with a graying curl at her temple. “Never,” he whispered. “You will always be the bright-eyed young woman who, after interviewing me, told me that my job hung on my ability to hang Christmas garland.”
“And you will always be the man who I hired because he could reach the top of the library shelves without a ladder.”
“And because I had excellent references.”
“Pish – every butler has excellent references. You had the advantage of height.” She slapped his chest at his smirk. “You jest, but that was the criteria I used, and I have never made a better decision in my life.” 
“I cannot fault you, then.”
Her eyes softened, her lips curved. “This is the first time I have wanted my Christmas Ball to end. So we need not be butler and mistress. So we can be more to each other.”
He grinned at her, a wickedness entering his eyes, sending a thrill down her spine, connecting to where his hand had come to rest at the small of her back. 
Oh my.
“I, for one, cannot wait to get started, my lady.” His voice became a prayer. “My Lucy.”
And as Lady Winterson smiled up at her butler, her truest friend, her soon-to-be-lover, she was struck by the truth that so many other couples had learned over the years. 
That there was magic to be found at the Christmas Ball, at No. 3 Grosvenor Place. One need only look in the right place.

The End


Kate Noble love books. Romances especially. But, being born into a family of doctors, scientists, and mathematicians, she didn't discover she was adept at writing until, oh, about junior year of high school. Which came as something of a relief, as she was hopeless at memorizing the Latin names for all the bones in the human body. The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle eludes her to this day. Kate lives in Los Angeles.

You can find Kate on the web a www.katenoble.com

You can also follow her on Twitter 
Or like her on Facebook 

Want Kate Noble news the minute it comes out? Sign up for her newsletter! 

To read an excerpt of Kate Noble’s next book, click here.

For more information on other Kate Noble books, click here. 


Excerpt From Her Christmas Earl: A Christmas Novella

by Anna Campbell


Hartley Manor, Wiltshire, Christmas Eve, 1823

HER HEART RACING, Philippa Sanders inched the massive oak door into the bedroom open. She prayed that nobody emerged into the lamplit corridor and caught her in a place where no lady of good reputation should be. Especially near midnight. 
Quick and silent as a cat, she slipped into the shadowy room and carefully closed the door after her. In the stillness, the latch’s snick resounded like a gunshot. Her breath jammed in her throat, and she stood still and trembling, waiting for someone to investigate the noise. But the rambling old house remained quiet. She sucked in some desperately needed air and berated herself for being a jumpy widgeon. 
The room, as she’d known it would be, was empty. Before coming here, she’d checked that Lord Erskine remained downstairs, carousing with his drunken cronies. If the last three nights were any indication, his flirtation with the brandy bottle would continue into the early hours. That left Philippa plenty of time to search his belongings undisturbed. 
The thought did little to calm her nerves. Should anyone catch her alone in a gentleman’s bedchamber, worse, such a notorious gentleman, there would be the devil to pay. 
If only the stakes weren’t so high. If only her sister Amelia wasn’t such a ninnyhammer. If only Erskine wasn’t a man who turned even sensible women silly. 
Philippa sighed and straightened away from the door. “If only” wouldn’t help. It was imperative that she found and destroyed the compromising letter her henwitted sister had sent Erskine before her engagement to Mr. Gerald Fox had been announced last night. 
Then Philippa would take to her heels and never think about the rakish Lord Erskine again. 
By the light of the fire blazing in the hearth, she surveyed her surroundings with a jaundiced air. The chamber was large and luxurious. Her aunt must be trying to turn Lord Erskine up sweet, in the hope that he’d offer for her horse-faced daughter Caroline. Given the trouble his libertine lordship had caused, Philippa almost wished her vile cousin on him. Over the last few days, she’d observed him closely. She couldn’t approve of the cynical light in his eyes and the way he arrogantly assumed that any chit in his vicinity must swoon at his merest word. 
However Philippa wouldn’t be female without admitting that he was a spectacular specimen of masculinity.
She’d worried that it might take too long to locate the letter, or that he might carry it as a trophy, but her gaze immediately fell on a beautiful mahogany writing slope left open on the window seat. She could hardly believe her luck. Pulses kicking with relief, she rushed toward the window. 
Then stopped on a horrified gasp when she heard the doorknob squeak as it turned. 
Lord save her…
Frantically she dived across the few feet of floor to the dressing room. She had time to notice dark coats hanging from rows of pegs and shelves neatly stacked with clothing. Hands shaking, she tugged the door closed until she cowered in thick darkness. Thick darkness redolent with leather and soap and sandalwood—and something undefined that teased her senses. 
Dizzy with fear and that unfamiliar but pleasant scent, she silently prayed that whoever had come in would finish what they were doing and go. Much as she strained, she couldn’t hear a thing, even with her ear pressed to the door. The thick wood blocked all sound, just as it blocked all light.
The dressing room door jerked open, unbalancing her. She only just saved herself from tumbling to the floor in an undignified heap. As she stared up at the looming figure above her, panic hammered through her, turned her blood to ice. 
“What have we here?” The Scottish burr in the deep drawl brushed across her nerves like sandpaper. 
Sick with dread, Philippa lurched away, crowding against the coats lined against the back wall. This was beyond awful. What must he think? What might he do? 
Lord Erskine’s chest was bare and a white shirt dangled from one elegant hand. The wall lamp near the doorway spilled gold over a terrifying expanse of gleaming skin. His lordship’s sardonic green gaze focused on her. 
His calmness only built her fright. One would imagine that he was accustomed to discovering well-bred virgins huddled in his undergarments. Curse him, he probably was. Philippa had only met Blair Hume three days ago, but like most of the nation, she knew his reputation for subverting even the most virtuous ladies. 
“My lord—” Desperately she struggled not to stare at his impressive chest with its scattering of dark hair. 
“Miss Philippa Sanders.” With unconcealed irony, he bowed. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
To her horror, he stepped into the confined space. The dressing room had been tiny before. Now it was suffocating. Her heart pounded with fear. That cursed elusive scent made her head swim as she wedged herself into the wall, wishing she could disappear altogether. 
Still his tall body remained scant inches away. Surely it was only in her imagination that a subtle heat radiated out to envelop her. 
“I mistook the room,” she stammered. 
She made the error of glancing at his chest. Broad. Powerful. Sculpted with muscle. She gulped for air. Watching the farm workers from a distance without their shirts wasn’t at all the same as facing down a half-dressed rake in his bedroom. 
A wry smile curled the rake’s thin, expressive lips. “By a whole wing, apparently.”
She straightened and glared at him, struggling to ignore the way his thick black hair was ruffled and his eyes devoured her. A gentleman would pretend to believe her, however feeble her lie. 
Clearly Lord Erskine was no gentleman. 
“It’s late,” she said with hard-won steadiness, telling herself that if she kept her head, she might yet escape unscathed. By Lord Erskine or by scandal. “I must return to my room.”
He didn’t step aside to let her pass. Definitely no gentleman. “Not quite yet.”
Meeting his gaze required every ounce of faltering courage. “Not before you return my sister’s letter at any rate.”
Surprisingly he laughed. “Huzzah, Miss Sanders. I knew there was more to you than the little shadow glowering at me from the corner.”
She flushed with chagrin. She’d had no idea this darling of the ton had noticed her, let alone remarked her disapproval. “My lord, I insist that you give me Amelia’s letter immediately.”
“Or what?” Dark eyebrows tilted in supercilious inquiry. At least he’d stopped staring at her like he meant to gobble her up like a Christmas bonbon. “You’ll unfold all my shirts and stamp on them?” 
Welcome anger bolstered her defiance. “A man of honor would return the letter.”
“I’m afraid that’s impossible.”
“Why?” Her fists clenched at her sides as the urge to clout him thundered through her. “What do you intend to do with it?”
His smile broadened, and in spite of irritation, frustration and fear, his male beauty made her throat tighten. No wonder Amelia had made such a fool of herself over him. Right now, even clever, pragmatic Philippa Sanders felt a little giddy to have all that glorious virility focused on her humble self. 
“I intend to do precisely nothing, my sweet little Yuletide burglar.” 
Her eyes narrowed. “What does that mean?”
His smile intensified. “It means that I burned it immediately after I read it.”
She drew her first full breath in what felt like days. Since Amelia’s tearful confession of her arrant stupidity, apprehension had knotted Philippa’s belly. If Erskine wanted to cause trouble, he could use her sister’s letter to spark an awful scandal—not to mention scupper Amelia’s newly minted engagement to a nice young man of substantial means. 
Philippa paused, knowing she owed Lord Erskine her heartfelt thanks for his unexpected chivalry and, even more urgently, an apology for invading his room. But her response sounded grudging, even in her own ears. “That was…generous of you.”
The mocking smile didn’t fade. “I’m glad you think so.”
All night, anger had lurked beneath her fear. Firstly at Amelia for being such a rattlebrain and creating this mess, then at herself for getting caught. Most futile of all was her anger at Lord Erskine for coming in at such an inopportune moment. Although at least now she knew what had happened to the letter. “I must go.”
“No rush, my fascinating Miss Sanders.” He shifted closer and the light behind him lent his face a suddenly sinister expression. 
“I’m not your Miss Sanders,” she snapped with a resurgence of dread. A chill trickled down her spine. Awareness of her own danger swamped any gratitude for Amelia’s reprieve.
“Not yet, at any rate,” he said mildly, pulling the door shut behind him. 
Darkness wrapped around them. Rage and terror spurred Philippa to surge forward, shoving hard at Lord Erskine. Her hands met smooth, warm skin and an immovable male body. The silky hair on his chest created soft friction against her palms. “Let me out of here.”
“Devil take you, do you never say please?” He shifted to break the contact, but not nearly quickly enough for her peace of mind. 
As he leaned away, she pushed past him to tug madly at the doorknob, but even using both hands, she couldn’t budge it. As she struggled, her shoulder brushed Erskine’s arm. To her surprise, he made no attempt to hinder her departure. If he intended seduction, he was insultingly half-hearted. 
Hardly surprising. She wasn’t nearly beautiful enough to appeal to that famous connoisseur of female loveliness, Blair Hume. 
She told herself she didn’t mind. And didn’t believe it for a minute. 
“Stop this nonsense immediately and open this door,” she demanded breathlessly. 
“Have I persuaded you against breaking into anyone else’s room?” he asked without shifting. “Especially if the anyone else is a man.”
Shock made her hand drop away from the doorknob. “You’re trying to teach me a lesson?” she hissed incredulously. 
That familiar soft laugh played up and down her backbone like music, and she realized with an unwelcome frisson that the evocative scent filling the room was Lord Erskine’s own. The intimacy of recognizing his personal essence scared her more than being trapped with a rake. 
“I am indeed.” In the tight space, she was close enough to hear him draw breath. More encroaching intimacy. “Step aside and I’ll set you free, chastened but unharmed. And hopefully a little wiser.”
Her snort was derisive. If her mother had heard the unmannerly response, she’d have a fit. But then so much of what Philippa did gave her mother the vapors. “Who on earth do you think you are? What a cheek.” 
“Miss Sanders, I feel some humility is called for.” He still sounded as though he found her endlessly diverting. “If you’re as clever as you think you are, you wouldn’t be stuck here with a rake while your sister sleeps comfortably in her own bed, safely beyond scandal’s reach.”
The comment’s justice rankled. “You’re a very annoying man,” she muttered, wishing to heaven she’d left Amelia to solve her own problems. 
“Undoubtedly,” he said without inflection. “But that doesn’t mean I’m wrong about you needing to temper valor with discretion.”
She bit back a blistering response about profligate libertines following their own advice and waited impatiently for him to let her out. She very much feared that if she spent much longer with the irritating Earl of Erskine, she’d strangle him with one of his neck cloths. 
For what seemed a ridiculous length of time, Erskine rattled the doorknob. 
“Stop playing games,” she said sharply, tired of his antics. He might find his teasing funny. She just wanted to leave this room and say goodnight and never see him again. “Unlock the door and let me out.”
He stopped tugging on the doorknob. A fraught silence fell. For the first time when he spoke, no trace of humor warmed his deep voice. “It’s stuck.”

 “I don’t believe you.” The girl’s voice was impressively flat and steady. 
Erskine should have guessed that the self-possessed Miss Philippa Sanders wouldn’t have hysterics when she learned she was confined with a rake. He didn’t need any light to know that disapproval weighted that direct brown gaze. For the last three days, he’d suffered that solemn, critical stare every time guests and family gathered. 
Although she couldn’t see him, he shrugged. “That is, of course, your privilege.”
From the moment he’d seen her in this closet, reluctant excitement had thrummed in his veins. Although surely the small, brown-haired woman with uncompromising dark brows would strike most sane men as prim or dour. 
Apparently he wasn’t sane. 
Since their introduction, he’d wanted to shake this girl’s unnatural composure. Miss Sanders awoke all his worst impulses. Not since his schooldays had he wanted to pull a girl’s plait or put a mouse down her back just to stop her treating him like a member of some inferior species. 
Erskine had grown up considerably from the boy who used such unproductive tactics on the pretty baker’s daughter. He’d immediately recognized that his urge to upset Miss Sanders’s calmness was similarly based in seeking her attention, if only in displeasure. And the heat swirling in his blood since she’d touched his bare chest was distinctly adult. 
While he didn’t understand the fascination, he made a habit of being honest with himself. This observant little sparrow drew him in a way the fashionable and sophisticated London ladies never had. He was yet to work out why. This attraction’s inexplicable nature added to its power. In all this sprawling house, the only person who stirred a shred of interest was the woman regarding him the way she’d regard a worm in an apple. 
An unusual experience for a man generally considered irresistible to the fairer sex. 
He’d been right to suspect that more went on beneath her quiet exterior than she wanted the world to know. In the last five minutes, she’d displayed more spirit than she had in three days of staring him down. Perhaps he should have locked her in a cupboard the first day. 
“You’ve got a key. Or you’ve clicked the lock somehow.” 
She didn’t sound frightened, for which he was heartily grateful. Instead she sounded like a schoolmistress scolding a lazy pupil for sloppy arithmetic. 
Good God, Erskine was in a bad way. Something in that stern voice made him want to grab her and kiss her until she lost the breath to berate him. “You’re not a very trusting soul, are you?”
Her sigh conveyed endless irritation. “Lord Erskine, you needn’t persist in this foolishness. You have my word that I will never invade another man’s bedchamber.”
He bit back an invitation to invade his bedchamber any time she fancied. 
When he didn’t respond, she went on, still as if speaking to someone slow on the uptake. “Pray unlock the door. No harm has been done. My sister’s honor is safe because you destroyed the letter. You obviously realized that she’d written to you on a foolish impulse.”
Actually the beauteous Amelia’s letter had been incendiary in the extreme and had offered privileges nobody but a husband had the right to claim. Erskine spared a sympathetic thought for the chit’s fiancé. Mr. Gerald Fox put his pretty beloved high on a pedestal, a pedestal from which she was likely to topple before long. 
Erskine kept his voice light, although he wondered if Amelia’s younger sister had any inkling of the letter’s contents. “So all is squared away and you go your merry way, with your uncharitable assessment of me intact.”
He didn’t see her frown, but he knew she did. He’d never been so attuned to a woman. And he hadn’t even kissed her yet. 
At the thought of holding her naked in his arms, hunger shuddered through him. While she didn’t dress to display her body, he knew enough about women to guess what she’d look like out of that unfashionable blue frock. She might be slender, but the bosom curving beneath those discouragingly high collars was round and firm. He’d wager that description matched the rest of her. 
Perhaps winter and this tedious house party encouraged a taste for more subtle attractions. Three days in her company had convinced Erskine that Philippa Sanders was a rare beauty indeed. He was just grateful that his blockheaded companions were too distracted by the false gold of her sister to notice. 
“I hardly think you care about my opinion,” she said in a repressive tone. 
“I’m a sensitive soul.” 
“Clearly,” she responded just as drily. “Now unlock the door.” She paused and added a sugary edge to the next word. “Please.”
He laughed, wondering why her bossiness charmed him. He didn’t in general like managing females, but something about this small, confident woman touched the heart he’d imagined immune to tenderness. “Did that hurt?”
Another of those delightful, dismissive snorts. “You’ve had your fun, my lord.”
Not by a long shot, my dear. “Believe me, Miss Sanders, unless I can open this door, nothing can save you from the consequences of your foolishness. It seems fortune doesn’t favor the brave.”
He should be in a blind panic about what might happen if they were discovered together in such a compromising situation. Somehow, he…wasn’t. 
“This isn’t funny.”
“I’m not laughing.” He paused. “You’re most welcome to search me if you believe I have a key.”
Her faint gasp made him wonder if she too relived that searing moment when she’d touched him. “The door’s really stuck?”
“It’s really stuck.”
He heard the faint rustle of her plain dark blue dress, the same dress she’d worn sitting across the table from him at dinner. Her expression had been critical as she’d observed her overbearing cousin’s attempts to captivate him. Caroline had been almost as busy as the beauteous Amelia making cow eyes at him. 
When he’d accepted Sir Theodore Liddell’s invitation, he hadn’t realized matchmaking lay on the horizon. Although damn it, he should have. He was hardly a green boy when it came to ambitious parents.
Beside him, the doorknob rattled. Miss Sanders wasn’t one to give up before she was well and truly defeated. He admired her stalwart soul. He’d mocked her bravery in sneaking into his room to steal her sister’s letter, but it was a damned gallant act. An act that, unless they were very lucky, would have major repercussions. 
As she moved, he caught a drift of her scent. Like Philippa Sanders, it was an intriguing mixture of tart and sweet. Lemon soap. And something warmer and earthier. 
He couldn’t let her continue battling with the door. Already she breathed in frantic little gasps. He placed his hand over hers. There was that same shock of connection that he’d felt when she flattened her palm on his bare chest. “Do you believe me now?”
“Yes.” She sounded young and frightened, not at all like the assertive miss who had demanded the letter’s return. “This is such a disaster. We can’t say here alone. What if someone finds us?”

For more information on HER CHRISTMAS EARL, click here: http://annacampbell.info/xmasearl.html


Excerpt from The Pirate Takes A Bride 

Now Available from Shana Galen

The door swung shut behind him, and he heard a whoosh. A bolt of lightning crashed through his skull as something hit him hard on the back of the head.
He stumbled forward, catching himself with one hand on his desk. “What the—”
But Ashley already had the door open, and in the dim light outside, he could see her running.
“Bloody hell.” What did she plan to do? Jump overboard?
Nick took three large strides and caught her about the waist. He tried very hard not to notice how good she felt in his arms. He tried not to imagine throttling her.
“Let go!”
He covered her mouth, hoping she hadn’t already awakened the rest of the crew, and hauled her back inside the cabin. He held her tightly until he managed to light the lantern.
Her skin was impossibly soft under his hand. He’d forgotten about that—how that porcelain skin that looked so coldly perfect could actually be so warm and sensual.
It wasn’t a realization he wanted at the moment, and he pulled his hands away, releasing her.
Immediately, she screamed and started for the door.
With a growl, Nick pushed her out of the way, fished his key back out, and locked the door. No fool, Nick tucked the key inside the waist of his trousers.
“No!”
He rounded on her. “What the hell is wrong with you? I’m not going to hurt you.”
She pushed away from him until she was flush against his desk. “What’s wrong with me? What is wrong with you, sir? How dare you leave me locked in here all day? I am not a prisoner.”
Nick shook his head. “Nor are you a sailor. The first day at sea is taxing for all aboard. I didn’t have a man to spare to be your nanny.”
“Nanny! I don’t need—”
Nick closed his eyes. “It’s late, and I’m tired. I haven’t slept in two days. Whine all you want tomorrow, but tonight I want peace and quiet.”
She glared at him, her eyes narrowing into slits. “You want peace and quiet? Go to your own cabin.”
Nick looked around the familiar captain’s cabin with its polished brass and scant mahogany furnishings—bed, table, desk, and chair. The light from the lantern flickered weakly in one corner. “This is my cabin.”
“Not anymore. I sincerely hope you didn’t think I was going to share it with you.”
“Sleep here or in the crew’s quarters. At this point, I don’t care.”
“I do. Get out.”
She tossed her wheat-blond hair over one shoulder, and Nick had the urge to grasp that hair, haul her into his arms, and rid her of some of that impertinence. He could do it, too. He’d tamed her before.
Instead, Nick crossed his arms. Perhaps she needed a reminder of her new station in life—of exactly whom she was talking to and what his rights were. “You are my wife. I have every right—nay, I have a Christian obligation to share that bed with you.”
Ashley’s features hardened. “Well, sir, I hope you take your faith seriously because if you attempt to share that bed with me, you will meet your Maker tonight.”
“Funny. I seem to remember a time you couldn’t wait to share a bed with me.”
“I must’ve been hit on the head.”
Nick shrugged. “If that’s what it takes.”
“Nice.” She gave his a forced smile. “That ploy might work if I didn’t know you so well. You wouldn’t hurt me.”
He reached past her and smelled strawberries. He grit his teeth and wondered how she always managed to smell of some soft, juicy fruit.
Nick lifted a coil of rigging line Mr. Fellowes must have left lying on the desk behind her. “I won’t hurt you, but at this point, I’ll do anything for a few hours of sleep.” He dangled the rope in front of her. “Give me your hands.”
“You wouldn’t dare.” She took a step back but was out of room to retreat.
He grinned. “Then why are you trying to escape?”
“Nick, you can’t. You won’t. I know you won’t.”
“Sweetheart.” He unfurled the rope, letting it fall with a hiss and a thud. “I don’t think you know me as well as you think.”


Never miss a book! Join Shana’s mailing list, and be the first to receive information on sales and new releases. Shana never spams or sells readers’ information.

Check out Shana’s newest release, Love and Let Spy and meet Bonde, Jane Bonde.


Wonder what Shana has coming next? Pre-order the first in her new Covent Garden Cubs series, Earls Just Want to Have Fun, coming in February 2015.

Excerpt From How to Plan a Wedding for a Royal Spy
Release date: January, 2015

The Renegade Royals Series
Vanessa Kelly

Whether as spies or lovers, the Renegade Royals—illegitimate sons of England’s Royal Princes—are bold, skillful, and a force to be reckoned with…

A war hero returned from Waterloo should be able to indulge in a bit of bad behavior. Instead, Captain William Endicott is summoned by his father, the Duke of York, to investigate an assassination plot. The unlikely suspect: William’s former sweetheart. Will can’t believe that innocent Evie Whitney could be mixed up in anything so nefarious. Then again, almost everything about Evie has changed—except for his body’s instinctive response to hers…

Just as Evie’s life is finally coming together, Will saunters back into it. Should she slap him—or seduce him? Even as she tries to decide, scandal pushes her toward marriage with a man she can neither trust nor resist—and into the heart of a deadly conspiracy…


Excerpt
Evie Whitney watched in admiration as her sister’s arrow flew straight and true, landing with a satisfying thud in the center of the target. 
“Well done,” she said to her twin. “It still amazes me how accurate you are, even though your eyesight is as bad as mine and you refuse to wear spectacles.”
Eden flashed a satisfied smirk and handed her the bow. “That’s because you think about it too much, Evie, just like you do about everything. All I do is aim for the big red circle and fire away.”
It was more than that, of course, and they both knew it. Eden—or Edie, to friends and family—excelled at almost every activity she took up, despite the curse of dreadful eyesight. She had learned to compensate for her poor vision with an array of little tricks. It also helped that she was naturally graceful and confident, and adept at smoothing over awkward moments that might arise, say, from failing to recognize a friend from across the room.
Lacking her sister’s talent and grace, Evie couldn’t count the times she’d walked into potted plants or offended an acquaintance when she breezed right past them unawares. Finally, when she turned twenty, she’d stood up to her mother and insisted on acquiring a pair of spectacles. Though they placed her even more firmly in the wallflower category, at least she was no longer in danger of falling down stairs or giving the impression that she was rude.
Evie notched her arrow in the bowstring. Taking a deep breath, she enjoyed the drift of the soft breeze across the back of her neck. It was a gorgeous September day, when summer slowly melted into fall and the sky seemed to shimmer with gold around the edges. 
She glanced across the lawn to the back of Maywood Manor, her family’s gracious old house. Lady Polk and her daughters, who’d been enjoying the late afternoon sun on the terrace, had gone indoors, no doubt in anticipation of the gong. Other guests, who had been strolling on the lawns or had joined Evie and Eden in the impromptu archery contest, had also drifted away to their rooms to change. Evie and her sister should be going up too, before their mother came out to scold them for being late. 
Not that Mamma would dream of scolding Eden. She would just smile and chuck Eden under the chin, calling her a naughty puss before delivering a stern lecture to Evie. It was the natural state of affairs in their family, and had been for as long as Evie could remember.
“Are you going to shoot or just stand there all day like some kind of looby?” her sister said, stripping off her leather gloves. She dropped into one of the wrought-iron chairs under the canopy that sheltered the refreshments table. “Mamma will have our heads if we’re late for dinner, so you’d better make this shot your last.”
“You mean she’ll have my head, don’t you? You could set the house on fire and she’d find some way to excuse you.”
Her sister’s face twisted with sympathy. “It’s beastly, isn’t it?”
Evie stretched the bowstring and took aim. “It’s not your fault, pet. It’s just the way she is.” She loosed the arrow and followed its flight. 
Eden leaned forward, squinting. “You almost hit the bull’s-eye that time.”
“I’ve been practicing. Maybe one of these days I’ll be as good as you.”
“Dream on, Sister dear,” Eden retorted as she came to her feet, lazily stretching her arms in front of her. “When it comes to—” 
“When it comes to what?” Evie asked absently, retrieving her bonnet that had blown under the table. Her mother would scold if she saw her bareheaded outdoors, but the day was warm and fine and simply too lovely to wear one. Plopping the hat on her head, she turned to see her twin peering toward the house.
And felt as if the earth had just dropped away beneath her feet.
“Someone’s coming,” Eden said, “but I can’t make out who it is, confound it.” 
Evie struggled to form the impossible words. “It’s . . . it’s Will. Endicott!”
Her twin’s mouth dropped open. “Wolf? Are you sure?”
“Of course I’m sure.” Evie blinked several times, as if that would somehow make Will disappear. “Do you think I could ever forget what he looks like?”
“Here, hand me your spectacles,” Eden said. Before Evie could answer, she snatched them from her nose and held them before her eyes. Then she let out a low whistle. “Well, I’ll be damned. It is Wolf Endicott. But who’s that delicious-looking fellow he’s got with him?”
Evie retrieved her spectacles. “I don’t know and I don’t care. What I do want to know is what that . . . that . . .”
Words often failed her, but never more so than today. 
“Bounder? Poltroon?” Eden helpfully supplied.
 Evie could only give her head a despairing shake in response. 
At one time, Will Endicott had meant the world to her. She’d told him all the secrets of her soul and had adored him with the blind passion that only a young girl could feel for her first love. And she’d thought Will felt the same way, equally devoted to her and equally determined that they’d grow up and grow old together.
What a silly little fool she’d been. And what made it worse was that she really couldn’t hold it against him. After all, they’d both been so young. Will had gone on to other things, of course, as had she—eventually. It was foolish to harbor resentment and anger, especially after so many years. 
But as she watched him stride across the wide expanse of lush, green lawn, Evie realized how unprepared she was to see him again, as if she were still that wounded girl of sixteen.
“What in God’s name can he be doing here?” she asked.
“I expect he’s come to see you,” her twin answered.
“But why now? He hasn’t seen any of us in years.”
 Eden nodded grimly. “Let me handle it.” She stepped forward to close the gap before Will and his companion reached them. “Is that truly you, Wolf Endicott? Goodness, what brings you to our quiet little corner of North Hampshire?”
While her sister greeted the new arrivals with her usual panache, Evie could only stand there, fighting the impulse to clench her fists into her skirts. She’d never been more grateful for her sister’s skilful managing of an awkward situation. 
Staring helplessly at Will as he responded to Eden’s greeting, Evie took in his tall physique and handsome features. She’d seen him a few years ago at a military review in London that her mother had insisted they attend, but he’d been several hundred feet away from where she stood, and was mounted on horseback. Now, at close quarters, she had no choice but to brace herself against the shock of his overwhelming physical presence.
He was no longer the lanky, eighteen-year-old boy of long-cherished memories. He was very much a man, with broad shoulders showcased by his close-fitting coat and long, muscular legs sheathed in breeches and riding boots. But his face had changed perhaps even more than his body. Those extraordinary pale blue eyes of his, so like a wolf’s and startling against his tanned complexion, had naturally remained the same. But a hardened maturity had replaced their youthful gleam. His features were lean, the cheekbones and jaw hard-cut and formidably masculine. His expressive mouth was now bracketed with grooves, and faint lines extended from the corners of his eyes. Some would call them laugh lines, but she suspected he’d garnered them from squinting in the harsh sunlight of Spain. Besides, he didn’t look like he laughed much these days, and after what he must have seen in war, she couldn’t blame him. She could only stare at him and wonder at the changes to the boy she’d once loved.
Eden forestalled Will’s somewhat labored greetings by throwing her arms around his neck and depositing a swift kiss on his cheek. “Oh, never mind that. It’s splendid to see you, Wolf. We were all quite worried about you and our other friends after Waterloo, but you seem perfectly fit.”
Will gave Eden a sheepish smile, obviously startled by her enthusiastic greeting. “Er, it’s wonderful to see you too, Eden. And, yes, I’m fine.” 
Then he turned to Evie, his smile turning cautious, almost as if he expected that she too would throw herself into his arms. “Evie, it’s splendid to see you again, too,” he said rather formally. “You’re looking well.”
That was patently untrue. Evie knew her face must be flushed an unattractive red from a combination of heat and nerves, and her unruly hair was no doubt curling damply around her face. Never had she felt more awkward and graceless, and she wanted to bash Will over the head for putting her in this position.
“What are you doing here?” she blurted out. “Did my mother invite you?”
It would be just like Mamma to forget to tell her something so important.
Will snorted. “Not bloody likely. She looked like she’d swallowed a lemon when she caught sight of me in the entrance hall. Clearly, her feelings for me haven’t changed.”
Oddly enough, his blunt speech eased her anxiety. This was the Will she knew, not the formal, smoothly handsome stranger who’d greeted her. “And I’m being just as rude as Mamma, but you caught us by surprise.” 
He nodded. “I know, but I ran into your brother at White’s. He invited us to come down with him and visit for a few days. It seemed a good opportunity to drop in on old friends and visit Aunt Rebecca.” 
“How is Mrs. Endicott?” she asked. “I hope you found her well.”
Will hesitated for a second before responding. “Actually, she’s gone to Bath with her sister. I missed her by a few days.”
Evie frowned. Why hadn’t he written to his aunt before coming down? The explanation for his arrival made little sense. He’d managed to ignore the Reese family for years, so why the sudden change?
With a little laugh, Eden stepped back into the conversation. “You have yet to introduce us to your companion, Wolf.” She gave the tall, brawny man standing slightly behind Will a decidedly interested perusal.
Evie repressed a sigh. She recognized that look on her twin’s face and it usually signaled trouble. 
“Don’t mind me,” the man replied. His mouth curved up in a rakish grin as he boldly stared back at Eden. “I’m just enjoying the view.”
Evie didn’t think she imagined Will’s long-suffering glance at his companion.
“Forgive me, ladies. This is Captain Alasdair Gilbride of the 42nd Regiment of Foot, my good friend of many years’ standing. Alec, may I introduce you to Miss Evelyn Whitney and Miss Eden Whitney.”
“Ladies, it’s a pleasure.” Captain Gilbride swept them a flourishing bow. A bare hint of a Scottish accent colored his voice.
Eden dipped into an equally flourishing—and mocking—curtsey. “I’m sure the pleasure is ours,” she said, batting her eyelashes in a ridiculously flirtatious manner. 
Clearly, Evie’s sister had just found a new source of interest. She could understand the reaction, since Captain Gilbride’s imposing and almost intimidating physical presence was offset by a charming smile and spectacular gray eyes that gleamed with sardonic laughter. He appeared the sort of man who found a great deal of enjoyment in life. Evie could already envision her twin engaging the captain in a highly improper flirtation that would drive their mother demented. 
“Hallo, what’s everyone doing out here in the hot sun?” exclaimed a familiar voice.
Evie leaned around Will to see her brother hurrying across the lawn.
“Matt, you bounder,” Eden cried, throwing herself in his arms. “We were beginning to wonder when you’d show up. It was very naughty of you to leave us to entertain Lady Mary all by ourselves.”
Matthew gave her a brusque but affectionate hug. “You’d think you hadn’t seen me for a month. Besides, my fiancé is charming and you know it. I’m sure you’ve been having a monstrously pleasant time with her.”
“That’s one way of describing it,” Eden said in a wry voice.
Lady Mary Park was almost as great a snob as Evie’s mother, but she was the daughter of an earl, the granddaughter of a duke, and was bringing quite a respectable dowry into her marriage to Matt. Mamma was in alt over the impending nuptials, and Matt—a kind brother and dutiful son but not a person given to deep thinking—seemed more than pleased with his future bride.
Eden, however, couldn’t stand her and Evie wasn’t far behind in her low opinion of Lady Mary.
“Sis, how’ve you been keeping?” Matt asked, bestowing a brotherly kiss on Evie’s cheek. “I see you’ve found Wolf and Captain Gilbride.”
“It was kind of you to invite them down,” Evie said politely. “What luck that you ran into them at your club.”
A puzzled frown creased Matt’s pleasant, round face. “Seemed more like Wolf hunting me down, actually. Oh, I say,” he said with a laugh. “That’s rather a fun joke, don’t you think? Wolf hunting me down? Get it?”
Eden pinched the space between her eyebrows while Captain Gilbride peered at Matt with a bemused expression. Will, however, directed a rather baleful stare at her brother, which struck Evie as odd. He knew as well as anyone that Matt had a ponderous sense of humor, so why should it surprise him now?
“Yes, dear, I’m sure we all appreciated your little joke,” Evie said. “But what do you mean Wolf hunted you—”
“Good Lord,” Captain Gilbride said, whipping a pocket watch from his waistcoat. “Surely it must be past time to change for dinner.”
Drat. Evie cast a nervous glance at the house. In the shock of seeing Will, she’d forgotten about dinner.
“Confound it,” Matt exclaimed. “Mamma expressly sent me out to look for you. She wanted to see you before dinner, Evie. And she looked rather put out, if you want to know the truth. What have you done to rile the old girl up now?”
Her cheeks burning with embarrassment, Evie glanced at Will, but he simply regarded her with a quiet sympathy that looked too much like pity. “I haven’t done anything, as far as I know, but one never knows.”
“Don’t worry about Mamma,” Eden said. “I’ll take care of her. But we’d better all get back to the house or there will surely be a scene.”
“That sounds amusing,” Captain Gilbride commented sardonically. 
“Trust me, it wouldn’t be,” Will replied.
Evie was almost tempted to laugh. Much had changed in the last ten years, but one thing still had the power to unite them all—fear of Lady Reese.
Her impulse to laugh died when Will stepped forward, as if ready to take her arm and escort her back to the house. She had an alarming sense that if she touched him, she might just faint from sheer nerves
Fortunately, her sister turned her back on Captain Gilbride, who was politely asking if he could escort her to the house. Instead, Eden slipped her hand in the crook of Will’s arm. When he responded with a startled look, she flashed him a grin. 
“Come along, Wolf,” Eden said. “I’m dying to hear all about your adventures.” She cast a saucy glance at Gilbride, who looked slightly taken aback by her rebuff. “I’m sure you and the captain got up to all kinds of trouble over there.”
Chattering gaily, Eden pulled Will across the lawn. Captain Gilbride, looking peeved, trailed in their wake. 
Taking Matt’s arm, Evie started to follow at a slower pace.
“Looks like Edie’s up to her old tricks.” Matt’s pleasant, rather stolid features registered his disapproval. “She’ll have those two at sixes and sevens before nightfall.”
Evie frowned. “She’s just teasing Will, that’s all.”
“Hope so for your sake, Sis. We all know how you feel about Will. Wouldn’t be very sporting of Edie to try and cut you out.”
She went light-headed at the possibility of Eden falling in love with Will. What a dreadful development that would turn out to be.
Then she remembered it didn’t matter, because she didn’t love Will anymore. “Don’t be silly. There’s hasn’t been anything between us for a very long time.”
“Well, that’s good to hear. You know how Mamma feels about him.”
Their mother had only tolerated Will’s presence because his guardian, Mr. Philip Endicott, was a wealthy member of the local gentry from a distinguished family. Her father thought the world of Mr. Endicott and had always welcomed Will to Maywood Manor. Will’s true parentage was never spoken of, but that didn’t mean her mother wasn’t fully aware of it. To Mamma, just as damning as Will’s illegitimate status was his lack of financial prospects. According to Lady Reese’s social barometer, for all the royal blood that ran through his veins Will had nothing to recommend him as a potential suitor.
Not that Evie had ever cared about his prospects. She would have happily left her quiet comfortable life in the country and followed Will behind the drum in order to be with him. 
Unfortunately, Will had never called upon her to make that sacrifice. “You needn’t worry. I’m sure Will’s not here for any reason other than a simple visit to old friends.”
Matt gave a noncommittal grunt. “If you say so, but he seemed fairly keen about wrangling an invitation from me.”
They were about to mount the shallow marble steps that led up to the back terrace, but Evie held him back. “Then you weren’t joking about Wolf hunting you down?”
“But it was . . . oh, I see what you mean,” he said with a slow grin. “You mean I wasn’t joking about the fact that he was insistent about coming down to the old pile.”
“Yes, that’s what I mean,” she said, stifling a sigh. Matt was not the sharpest pin in the box, but he was a kind and affectionate brother.
“He was certainly keen on it, I’ll say that. I was already out the door when he came dashing after me. Said he heard we were having a jolly house party and would like the chance to come visit with everyone.”
“He actually said jolly?” 
Matt pursed his lips, obviously thinking hard. “Yes, he did. In fact, Sis, he was so blasted adamant that I was convinced he wanted to come courting, if you see what I mean.”
She pressed a hand to her bodice, hating the instinctive flutter of hope in her chest. “Yes, I do see what you mean.” 
But why would Will even consider trying to rekindle their old relationship? What could possibly have sparked an interest in something that had lain dormant—if not lifeless—for years?
“I don’t suppose he’s heard about you and Michael Beaumont has he?” Matt asked.
Michael.
Evie’s silly flight of fancy crashed back to earth. She could almost imagine the stone of the terrace cracking under her feet with the force of the impact as she was brought down by the fell hand of guilt.
“No, I don’t suppose he has heard,” she said. “After all, why would he?”


To find out more, please visit Vanessa's website.


And now an exclusive excerpt of 
The Game and the Governess

by Kate Noble

Now Available!

“I think this will be fun,” Ned declared. “Being you.”
“What will be so fun about it?” Turner replied, his tone neutral.
“Simply that I won’t have to worry about anything. Not about my clothes, or about paying proper attention to my hostess, all those little annoyances that make up an Earldom.”
Turner made a noncommittal noise. 
“Thus,” Ned continued, “I will get to spend all my time wooing any young woman I please.”
Turner pulled up on his reins, slowing his – actually Ned’s – beautiful black stallion. The horse whinnied in displeasure. Apparently Turner had not learned the nuances of riding a thoroughbred like Abandon. He responded to the lightest touch. 
Unlike the horse Turner usually rode, which seemed to ride as stubbornly as a mule.
“Perhaps we need to establish some rules,” Turner murmured. “About the wager.”
“Oh?” Ned said. “What kind of rules?”
“…Basic things. Such as, if either of us reveals our true selves, that man loses.”
“That makes complete sense,” Ned nodded. “However, since this is a wager where I bear the brunt of the work,” he continued reasonably, “I think it should be established that you are expressly forbidden from interfering.”
“How could I possibly interfere?” Turner replied, trying his best to keep Abandon from dancing as he came to a stop.
“You could spread lies to any lady who shows interest in me, you could – oh here, let me.” Ned said, reaching over and taking Abandon’s reins, loosening Turner’s grip. “You cannot choke up so high on the reins. He will think there is something to fear.” 
Turner moved his hands further down the reins, letting them go a bit more slack. Abandon calmed down immediately.
“Oh,” Turner grumbled. “Thank you.” Then, after a moment of resettling himself on Abandon’s back, he spoke. “I agree to your rule. This is a gentleman’s wager, and I will act as a gentleman throughout.”
“In fact, I don’t think you should be permitted to say anything bad about me,” Ned decided. “Not even a minor slight. You are only allowed to sing my praises.”
“Since you will be wearing my name, if I slight you, I will be slighting myself,” Turner reasoned, but at a look from Ned, he held up his hand. “All right. I shall only sing your praises. But – I have a condition as well.”
“Pray continue.”
“The object of your affection has to be a lady of good breeding. Someone gently-raised. No chambermaids, no cooks.”
Ned’s brow came down. How did he guess…? But Turner just smirked.
“The premise of this wager is that you, as me, could make a lady fall in love with you. Thus, it would have to be someone I would court. And while I may be your secretary, I am still a man of property –”
“For a few more weeks at least.”
Turner shot him a glare. “And previously an officer in the Army.” 
“And these qualifications make you as snobbish as the highest lord,” Ned replied drily. Having to limit himself to only ladies would be slightly more difficult, but… “Fine, I agree to your stipulation. Besides, I have found that the fairer sex does not differ overly by level of society when it comes to matters of the heart. If you confess your love, chances are they will confess it back.”
“Oh, and that’s another stipulation.” Turner added, nudging Abandon forward, making their way up the road again. “You cannot declare your feelings. Her declaration must be spontaneous.”
“What?” Ned cried, kicking his stubborn steed into moving, catching up to Turner. “Turner, that is ridiculous!”
And it thoroughly destroyed Ned’s plan. He had it all laid out. He would meet a girl (although, now chambermaids and cooks were out of the question it seems) he would woo her for a se’ennight, then he would declare his love. And he would have a whole week for her to declare it back, to wear her down. And if on the off chance he received a firm ‘no’, he would have a whole extra week to secure his interest with someone else. 
“Why is that ridiculous?” Turner countered. “You mean to prove that your good humor wins the day – not your ardent declarations. Your object, whomever she may be, cannot be influenced by such a thing.”
“I don’t think you understand how this works. No young lady – not of good breeding anyway, which is your stipulation – will make a declaration of love without first hearing one from her object.” Ned shook his head. “It simply isn’t done.” 
Turner seemed to consider it for a moment. “Well then, perhaps we revise what constitutes a declaration of love.”
Ned smiled. Finally, a rule that would work in his favor.
“All right. What does constitute a declaration?”
“Well, obviously, if you can get the girl to express her feelings, either written or publicly, then that will carry the day.”
“But if she doesn’t? If she is too well bred for that?”
“Then…” he thought for a moment. “If you can collect three things from a lady, it will serve as proof enough.”
“And what are these three things?” Ned asked suspiciously.
He ticked them off on his fingers. “A dance, in public.” 
“Easy enough.” Ned conceded.
“Second, a token of affection. A glove, a pressed flower, or some such nonsense. Oh, and it has to be freely given, not taken without her knowledge.”
“Turner, if these are your qualifications, I will not only have one lady in love with me within a fortnight, I will have them all,” Ned scoffed.
“And third: an…intimate knowledge of the lady.”
Ned pulled up short. “An intimate knowledge?”
“Yes – the location of a mole on a concealed part of her body, something to that effect. All women have these little things.” Turner grinned like a cat of prey again – his tiger smile. “How you find out the information is up to you.”
“Now hold on,” he said sternly. “You are requiring that I seduce someone. And that could have longer reaching consequences than a fortnight.”
Turner shrugged. “Only if you cannot get her to declare her love openly. There is still that option. Besides, seduction is not a requirement – only a possible method of obtaining what you require.”
A possible method? Hell, it was the only method Ned could think of. Suddenly, he felt as if he had no grounding anymore. He swayed in his seat, grasping hard to keep upright.
“You have grown callous,” Ned shook his head.
“Have you grown uneasy?” 
“Not at all,” Ned shot back immediately. “I simply prefer to avoid doing things that cannot be undone. But if that’s what it takes…”
However, his bravado belied a strange sensation in his striking at his gut. Could it be a… a qualm? A hint of guilt?
“If you feel unequal to the task… you could always forfeit,” Turner said, his voice gruff.
“Before the game’s even begun?” Ned’s head shot up. “No, of course not.”
So this was Turner’s tactic, was it? Make more and more ridiculous qualifications in the hopes it would break him, and thus ensure his victory. Well, he didn’t take into account Ned’s luck.
His eyes fell to the signet ring he wore on his right hand. The Earl of Ashby’s crest. It had been his great-uncle who had first pointed out his luck. When he’d taken Ned at twelve into his care, Ned at first had railed against it, hating being away from the only home and family he had ever known. But then after time, the old Earl had cuffed him upside the head and said… “You’re lucky to be here, don’t you realize? If you were out there, people would want something from you. And without my protection, you might be foolish enough to give it to them.” 
His eyes narrowed. Yes, Turner, his old friend, wanted something from him. He wanted to be right, and he wanted Ned to be wrong.
Well, as long as he was the Earl of Ashby, he would not be taken advantage of. He would not be cowed so easily, by something as mundane as a smidge of guilt. He would prove Turner the fool, show him the truth of his good nature, his luck…
And he was right. This was going to be fun.

For more about The Game and the Governess,
as well as Kate Noble’s other books,
please visit www.katenoble.com

