It Started With A Kiss

Lindy Dale
©2013 Secret Creek Press



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. No part of this book may be reproduced without the specific permission of the author.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Chapter 1

Ear buds wedged in her ears and music tuned to an indecent volume to keep out the city noises, Georgie Bird jogged purposefully along the path that wound its way along Riverside Drive, nodding hello to a few regulars running in the opposite direction as she went and side stepping a group of elderly ladies who were out for their daily constitutional. Georgie hated jogging. It made her sweaty, hot and more pink-cheeked than an Eskimo in a sauna but she persevered with the practice because it kept her fit and thin. A good five kilometer run meant she could have her cake and eat it, too.
With a trail of sweat trickling down the side of her temple, Georgie picked up the pace as her playlist ticked over to a new song. A more up-tempo tune, it made her happy and took her mind off the fact that she was exercising in such a torturous manner. It didn’t, however, provide her with the peripheral vision required to avoid a large mound of dog poop that had been strategically plopped in her path. Georgie felt the squelch before she realized what had happened and even then, she was so engrossed in the song it took until the stench wafted to her nose before it registered. Stopping, she looked back at the path, noting the brownish-greenish pile that was splattered across the path from where she’d stepped in it. She looked at down her sandshoes.
Shit. Literally.
The sides of her left shoe were covered in the stuff and, boy, did it reek.
“Great,” she muttered, wondering why on earth people couldn’t dispose of their dog doings in the proper manner. Honestly, some people just didn’t give a crap.
Half-smiling at her own pun, Georgie made her way to the grass along the side of the track and sat down, carefully removing her shoe so as not to get the offending material on her fingers. A disgusted shudder rippling through her body, Georgie picked up a stick and began to dig bits of brown from the crevices of her sole. Bile rose in her stomach as she dragged her shoe back and forth on the grass a few times, managing to get most of it off but it still stank to high heaven. So much so, in fact, that it was making her dry reach and she didn’t think she could finish her run while heaving at the same time. If only she had some water to rinse the remains away.
Then she had the perfect idea. She was sitting on the side of the Swan River, for heaven’s sake. How could she not have thought of it before?
Standing up, shoe in hand, Georgie hopped across the grass towards the riverbank and knelt down on the side of the river wall. The water was a way down, with the tide being out, but if she stretched far enough she knew she could give her shoe a quick dip, get it clean and put it back on. It’d dry off soon enough.
Satisfied with the plan, Georgie leant over; reaching her arm into the water and maintaining balance with her other arm, which was holding her iPod. Her shoe barely grazed the surface of the water but she swished and swirled, reaching as far as she safely could without falling.
At least, that was what she thought.
Her body appeared to have other ideas on safety and balance and before she knew it, Georgie was chest deep in the murky sand of the riverbank. Her attempt to stop herself from toppling in had only succeeded in making the fall worse and she’d ended up on her bottom in the water with her arms stretched high above her head, one hand holding her stinky shoe, and the other her iPod.
A frustrated groan escaped Georgie’s lips, followed by a couple of expletives. Now what was she going to do? 
Sand seeping through her leggings and into her knickers, Georgie looked hopefully towards the other joggers on the path. It was a sunny day. Plenty of people were out. If she smiled nicely, one of them might take pity on her and offer a hand to pull her out of the drink. The river wall was covered in barnacles and weed and, while she knew she could climb it, she didn’t want to be cut to ribbons in the process. She smiled weakly at a few people but not one of them stopped to lend her assistance. Most of them pretended she didn’t exist and a few of the real sadists smirked at her plight as they ran past. Ignorant asses. There was nothing for it. She’d have to hike a leg up alone.
Georgie stood up and put her shoes and iPod onto the ledge of the wall. Fingers searching for a grip on the concrete, she flung her leg upwards next to them, cringing at the ripping sound coming from somewhere in the region of her thigh. Or was it her hamstring?
That was all she needed. Those pants cost her seventy-five dollars. They had special soak-up-the-sweat fabric in the crotch and butt-lifting technology that she was sure wouldn’t work if her bum cheeks were poking out. Georgie leant a little to the left, wiggling her leg as she did, but it was pointless. The pants were firmly snagged and she couldn’t put a hand down to free them without falling into the water again, so she had no choice but to let them tear. And tear they did — into a hole so gaping, the whole of Perth could see she needed a bikini wax.
Two attempts to hoist herself onto the grassy bank later, Georgie lay prone, catching her breath and trying to get over her annoyance at her own stupidity. It was when she straightened to pick few bits of shell from her thigh that she saw him, jogging along the path towards her and looking all buff and handsome. Georgie blinked.
Nate Adams. It couldn’t be.
She flipped her sunglasses down over her eyes and took another look, while pretending to excavate the weed from her sock.
Nate Adams.
He hadn’t changed a bit and judging by the pounding that was coming from Georgie’s chest as he drew closer, his effect on her hadn’t changed either. It had been how long? And he could still make her heart race like she’d just done a hundred meter dash.
Shoving her foot into her dry shoe, Georgie tied the laces and stood up, straightening her damp clothes as best she could. Her heart was thumping uncontrollably now and a goofy smile had spread across her face. It was Nate, the hero of the love story of her life. He was here. Right in front of her.
As Nate drew close and made to move past, Georgie signaled to him. “Nate!”
She half expected him to stop and swing back, a beaming smile on his face as he recalled the girl he’d loved when he was seventeen.
Instead, he gave her a sideways glance and continued down the path, a look of, well, nothing, on his face.
“Nate?” Georgie called after him.
This time he did stop. He turned, his expression changing to one of confusion. “Yes?”
Well, this was a bit awkward.
Georgie walked towards him, hoping that a closer view would jog his memory. “It’s me.”
Such had been their relationship that Georgie was positive she wouldn’t have to remind Nate of her name. She knew she looked different since the last time she’d seen him but surely he couldn’t have forgotten her, could he? They’d been in love since they were eight years old. Nate had made her promise to marry him when they grew up. They had a thing.




Chapter 2


Georgie was eight when her family moved from Melbourne to Perth.  Her dad got a promotion at the lawyer’s office where he worked and, within the space of a month, her life had been packed into a shipping container and transported from one side of Australia to the other. Mum and Dad had been excited about the move and the new house. Georgie hadn’t been that pumped. She liked her school and her friends. She liked that the park was across the road from her house and that, on Saturday mornings, she went to tap classes with Miss Suzie. Georgie didn’t want to move house.
The first day at her new school had been nerve-wracking, to say the least. The kids all knew each other, they’d been at school together since they were four and their parents had drinks on Friday nights. The girls didn’t look like they wanted more friends and the boys made fun of skinny Georgie in her too long, grey, tartan skirt and her big, blue, school shirt. They made so much fun of her, in fact, that Georgie wet her pants, something she hadn’t done since she was being toilet trained. She was mortified. Especially when she had to suffer the indignity of wearing the spare knickers from the teacher’s cupboard. They were too big and the elastic was loose with age. And they had pictures of My Little Pony on the front. Only babies wore undies with ponies on them. She’d have been far happier if they had pictures of the Spice Girls. Georgie spent the rest of the day hitching the knickers up every time she walked and keeping her eyes to the floor so nobody would notice her. Needless to say, she had no intention of going back to that school again.
On the second day, having lost the argument with her mother about going to school, Georgie entered the classroom subdued and quiet. All night long she’d prayed to God to make her invisible but he hadn’t answered, so she’d had to get dressed in the big baggy uniform and follow Mum into the classroom. It was as she was putting her lunch order into the basket that she met Nate. He was skinny too, like her, but he was tall and blonde and he had a mouth as big as a football and no front teeth. It made his whole face look like a gaping hole when he grinned. Which he did constantly.
“I’m Nathan,” he said, his blue eyes twinkling with boyish mischief.
Georgie looked around. Surely, the boy wasn’t talking to her? After the events of the day before, she’d fully expected the entire class to ignore her. “Are you talking to me?”
“Well, I’m not talking to the bookshelf. Are you new in our class?”
Georgie swallowed. She waited for one of the other children to approach Nathan and tell him he shouldn’t talk to the new girl because she wet her pants but everyone else seemed to be waiting to see what this boy would do.
“Yes. I’m Georgie.”
“I was sick yesterday. My stupid sister Charlotte gave me Chicken Pox and my mum wanted me to stay home ‘one more day’ to make sure I wasn’t gonna die or anything.” He rolled his eyes as if to say there’d been nothing wrong with him, only girls had to stay home when they got a disease. Then, he held out his arm and pushed up his sleeve, revealing three brownish scabs on underside of his wrist. “See?”
“Eww,” Georgie said.
Nathan beamed proudly at having repulsed her. “Have you had Chicken Pox?”
“When I was five. I have a scar.” She lifted the hair at the nape of her neck, showing him the indent.
“That’s big.”
“I know. I have one on my foot, too. I had scabs in my hair and all over my tummy.”
“I had them under my arms,” Nate countered.
“I had them between my fingers.” Georgie revealed yet another tiny scar.
“Coolaphonic.”
Georgie had no idea what ‘coolaphonic’ meant but it sounded like the type of word she ought to know.
“What’s that mean?”
“It means more awesomer than cool,” Nate replied.
Georgie nodded, storing the information away.
Their conversation ended as the bell rang and the children went to sit on the mat ready to begin the day. Nathan squeezed into the space next to another boy and sat beside Georgie. He sat very close so that his knee touched her knee when they crossed their legs and when he was chosen to take the lunch orders to the canteen, he picked Georgie to accompany him. He smiled at her the whole way there and back, chattering incessantly about the things they did at school and the things he liked. He asked if he could come to her house to play one day and Georgie told him he could. She was smitten. Nobody, other than her parents, had ever given her so much attention. When the returned to the classroom five minutes later, Georgie Bird was no longer the geeky wet-your-pants girl. As Nathan held the door open for Georgie to enter before him, she realized she’d moved up a notch in the classroom pecking order. She had made friends with the coolest kid in the class.
By the end of the term, Nate — as he liked to be called — and Georgie were best of friends. He was smart and funny and when he held her hand, Georgie felt like she was the only little girl in the world. Nate had a way of getting into mischief but never getting into trouble. He only had to smile his smile at the teacher and say something funny and she forgave him. Not that he was ever really naughty. He was just a bit of a boy. Georgie liked that about him. It was as if she was being mischievous by default.
Every Friday afternoon, the class was allowed free time if they’d completed their weekly tasks. Georgie and Nate worked hard, so they always got free time and they always chose to play in the back corner of the classroom where the teacher kept the big plastic carton of Lego. Georgie designed houses and Nathan made trucks and cars. One particular day, he made a Lego gorilla that he stomped through Georgie’s village and used to kidnap one of the Polly Pocket dolls she’d put in the castle she’d made. (He’d watched a re-run of King Kong the previous weekend with his dad).
“Stop it, Nate,” Georgie cried. “Give me back my Polly Pocket or I’ll tell the teacher.”
Nate held the tiny doll between his fingers. He lifted it high above his head where he knew Georgie couldn’t reach it. “Make me.”
Knowing Nate would give in if she were upset, Georgie threw a pout in his direction. “Give it back.”
“No.”
“But that one’s my favorite. Please?” This time, she really was upset. She wanted that doll back. Nate had a habit of losing things and Polly Pocket dolls were so small he could lose it quicker than she could blink. Her eyes grew watery. Her lip wobbled and she began to bite on her nails, something Georgie never did because Jessica had told her that was how babies were made.
“Please?”
“Here,” he whispered, as he placed the doll in the palm of her hand. “I’m sorry, Georgie. I didn’t mean to make you cry. It was only a joke.”
Georgie put the doll in her pocket and zipped it up where Nate couldn’t get it again. She pushed the tears away with her fingers and began to pull the pieces of Lego apart, putting them into the box. “It’s okay. I’ve had enough of this game, anyway.”
Nate sat up, leaning his back against the laminate cupboard. “Georgie?”
“Yes?” Georgie shifted to sit up beside him, her annoyance with him forgotten as she examined the serious look on his face. He was very quiet, which was a bit of a change. She hoped he wasn’t getting Chicken Pox again. One of the other kids had got it twice.
“You know how we’re best friends?”
“Yeah?”
“When we grow up do you wanna get married to me? If we get married we can live in the same house and we’d never have to have sleepovers again.”
Georgie thought about this for some time. It sounded like a good plan. She did like going for play dates at Nate’s place and she hated when her mother arrived to collect her. If they got married they could be together all the time. Imagine that.
“Don’t people need to be in love to get married?” she asked. She was pretty sure that was how it happened with the Disney princesses.
“I guess so but we love each other already, so it’d be okay.”
“How do you know?”
“My mum said when people are in love they want to be together all the time.”
“I want to be with you.”
“She said people who love each other be nice to each other.”
“You’re nice to me. Mostly.”
Nate leant very close. His shoulder grazed Georgie’s. His voice was small and soft as he put a hand to her ear and whispered, “People who love each other kiss all the time.”
Georgie pulled away. “Eww. I’m not kissing you. You have boy germs.”
“There’s no such thing.” 
“Jessica said there is.”
“Jessica makes stuff up.”
“Oh.” Georgie turned to face him. Thoughts ticked over in her mind. Then her hand reached out to his knee. “I saw Mummy and Daddy kissing!” she exclaimed, confirming his idea. “They were slobbering all over each other. It was in the bedroom. I was meant to be in bed but I had a bad dream.” She gave him a demonstration on the back of her hand.
“Gross. They must really love each other if they were doing that.”
“Yeah.”
“So, if we kiss that will mean we love each other and then we can get married, right? And you are the prettiest girl in the class by a long way. Even more than Jessica. Her big white teeth and ribbons are just plain ugly.” The logic was twisted but somewhere, in some parallel universe, it made sense.
Georgie bit her lip. “What about the boy germs?”
“There are no boy germs!”
“Well, I guess it’ll be okay then. If you think it’s okay.”
Nate peeked sideways around the classroom again. Nobody was watching them. He gave a slow, serious nod.
Georgie puckered and closed her eyes. She felt the warmth of Nate’s breath as he leaned closer, placing a chaste kiss on her mouth. Her lips tingled and a funny feeling began to race around in her chest. Somewhere, she heard the sound of drums playing. Opening her eyes, Georgie frowned at Nate. His eyes were still closed. She moved slightly away.
“Did you hear that?” she whispered.
“What?”
“Those drums. It sounded like Miss Simpson was doing that bongo song again. It was so loud in my ears.”
Nate’s eyes were open now.  He was nodding vigorously. “I think it was my heart. It was beating real hard.”
“Mine was too. And my lips are all sparkly.”
Nate peered at Georgie’s lips. He couldn’t see any sparkles, though the way he was feeling he wouldn’t have been surprised if she had some shooting out of her head. “You mean tingly.”
“Yeah. Tingly.”
“I guess that means we’re in love.”
Neither of them had any idea what to do with this information but they knew it was important and very, very special.
*****
That weekend, when Georgie went for a play date at Nate’s house after her ballet class, he had a surprise for her. It was in the spare bedroom they used as a playroom, hidden away behind the large double doors of the built-in wardrobe. Georgie and Nate loved to play in there. It was huge and filled with all sorts of old junk his parents had forgotten. It was like being in a secret treasure cave where adults never came.
“Close your eyes,” Nate said, tying an old pillowcase around Georgie’s head, to make sure she wasn’t peeking.
Georgie was so excited she could hardly speak. She loved surprises, especially Nate’s. The other week he’d caught a butterfly for her and brought it to school in a plastic storage container. He’d given it lots of leaves and grass to eat, so it was a bit hard to spot but when Georgie had flipped the lid, it had walked onto her hand, it’s orange and black wings opening and closing. Georgie adored butterflies.
 “They are closed,” Georgie said. “You just can’t see because you’re smothering me with the pillowcase.”
Nate took her soft hand in his and led her to the double doors. She heard the squeak of the hinges as he pushed the door back, then sound of clothes hangers sliding along the rack and the flick of the light switch. It was like going into Narnia.
Nate let go of her hand. “Open your eyes.”
“You mean, take off the pillowcase.” Georgie pulled the material from her head, letting it fall to the floor. Nate was on his knees in front of her. He had a ring in his hand. A yellow, plastic ring he’d gotten from a packet of Wizz Fizz they’d bought at the shops the other weekend.
“You know how we’re in love?” he said.
Georgie looked around the closet. Nate had decorated one end of the room as a makeshift altar. There was a cloth and a candle sitting on the upturned side of an old milk crate, even though they both knew they were not allowed to have lighted candles. Paper chains hung from the lights and Nate’s teddies and Batman collection lined the walls acting as witnesses. Despite the obvious clues, Georgie wasn’t fully aware of where her friend was going with this.
“Yeesss?”
“Well, I thought we could get married.”
“But we’re too young to get married. You have to be a grown-up or ask your mum and dad. My parents would never let me get married, yet. I have to go to Nooniversity and be a vet like they want.” It was actually Georgie who wanted to be a vet but she didn’t want to sound like she was smarter than Nate. He wanted to be a fireman or a World Championship Wrestler. Both were really important jobs but she didn’t think you needed to be clever to put out fires.
“But I love you, Georgie. Please marry me. It can be a secret.” He bit his lip uncertainly and held the plastic ring out for her to inspect. It was very pretty. It had a red stone in the center.
“You won’t tell?” she asked.
“Cross my heart.”
“Well, I do love you, so, yes.  Let’s get married.”
Nate jumped to his feet. “Coolaphonic.”
He took her to the other end of the closet, where a bunch of boxes were stacked. His mother kept all kinds of old clothes in them and when they went to fancy dress parties, she dug them out. Nate’s family always had the best costumes.
“Here.” He handed Georgie a white frilly petticoat and a piece of lace that had been a tablecloth in a former life.
“What will you wear?”
Nate pointed to a black suit jacket and blue spotted tie that belonged to his father. He’d put a yellow silk rose in the buttonhole on the collar. Carefully, he took it from the hanger and put his arms into the sleeves. It was miles too big, the hem reached his knees and Georgie had to roll the sleeves up so his hands could be seen but it made him look handsome. It made Georgie happy that she was marrying him.
“I got this for you, too.” Nate handed over a bunch of fake flowers he’d found in the box and tied with some curling ribbon left over from the Christmas wrapping.
By this time, Georgie had slipped the petticoat over her clothes and discreetly removed her jeans and top. The petticoat had a sticky-out skirt that hung down to her ankles like a real wedding dress but it was very baggy at the top and she had to keep pushing the strap back onto her shoulder. She’d taken two hairclips from her ponytail and used them to secure the lace to her head in the form of a veil.
Nate beamed when he saw her. “You’re so beautiful, Georgie.”
“Thank you, Nate.”
Then Nate turned on the CD player and as the music played his Mum’s favorite song, Dream A Little Dream, he walked Georgie up the makeshift aisle of old red towels. Urged on by the audience of teddies and toys, he slipped the ring on her finger and said, “I do.” 
She placed a tender kiss on his lips. “I do, too.”
“Will we be friends forever, now?” Georgie asked, when the ceremony was over. She was feeling very solemn, like something important had happened.
“Forever,” Nate replied.”




Chapter 3

Standing in front of Nate, who was looking at her as if he’d lost his memory or she’d lost her mind, Georgie felt hurt and small, like the first day of school all over again. A stab of pain twisted in her chest, replacing the euphoric feeling of only moments before. It wasn’t the embarrassment of having stopped him in the middle of the jogging track that made it so bad, or the fact that she was wearing one shoe and jogging tights with a great rip in the crotch, it was the fact that Nate truly had no idea who she was. It was as if their past never existed, that it had meant more to her than it had to him. But that couldn’t be right, could it? Nate had cried the day they broke it off.
“You don’t remember me, do you?”
Nate peered at her closely. He was struggling for recognition but she could see it wasn’t coming.
Georgie removed her sunglasses and cap. Her ponytail swung carelessly and flopped over her shoulder as she looked into his eyes, trying to trigger his memory. He had to remember her. It would be soul destroying if he didn’t. Not to mention, more humiliating than having her name and some rather untrue accusations plastered on the boys’ toilet wall in her last year of school. One of the male teachers had seen it first. When he’d confronted her, Georgie didn’t know whether to be embarrassed about the fact that it was there, or that she had no idea what the lewd action mentioned was. Georgie and Nate had been together a long time. He’d kept her sheltered.
“It’s me,” Georgie said, hoping that if she stared straight into Nate’s eyes he’d remember. It was either that or run. If she did that, his only memory would be of the kooky chick that’d stopped him on the bike track thinking they knew each other. She’d be an amusing story to recall at dinner parties.
Nate looked again. Then visibly, his face began to soften. It was a small glimmering hint of recognition and he was trying to hide it but Georgie saw it. She’d always been good at reading his expressions.
“Georgie?”
Georgie almost collapsed with relief. “Yes.”
Nate’s face burst into the grin she remembered so well. He flicked his sunglasses to the top of his head and rubbed his hand over his face in disbelief. Mischief wrestled in his eyes, just as it had when they were young. Apart from the more angular jaw, he hadn’t changed at all. He still looked the larrikin.
“I can’t believe it. Jesus, how long’s it been?”
Georgie could see him mentally calculating the time.
“Twelve years.”
If you rounded off the three months, five days and oh, two hours.
Nate’s grin broadened, as he looked her up and down, taking in her soggy, ripped leggings, sweaty tank top and missing shoe.
“You’re still a fashion plate, then?”
“Don’t be smart. I stepped in dog poop.”
“I wondered what that smell was. I, sort of, remember your perfume being a heap nicer than that.”
“Sorry. I was trying to get rid of that when I saw you.”
“By taking a dip in the river? I gather that’s how you got so wet or do you sweat a lot when you run?”
Georgie glared at him, remembering how he’d always had an answer for everything.  Once upon a time it used to be endearing, funny even. Now, it was plain annoying. Sort of. God, Nate was here. Here. This was unbelievable.
Georgie dangled the offending accessory in front of Nate’s nose. “I was trying to wash my shoe.”
“Enough said.”
A moment of shared memories exploded between them. When Nate and Georgie had been friends, she’d always been getting into scrapes and he’d always saved her. It was how things had worked. Funny that the intervening years had made her forget the reliance she’d had on him. She’d become quite independent without him.
“Do you want to walk?” Nate asked, stretching his arm out in the direction of the city.
“Sure.”
Technically, Georgie was meant to be getting ready for a river cruise later that evening but with her run being cut short by a dip in the river, she had the time. What harm would a couple of minutes with Nate do? It had been so long, the pain he’d left after they split was healed. All she felt now was excitement, and a bit of a heart flutter, at seeing her old beau again.
After Georgie squished her foot into the other shoe, they began to walk along the path towards Barrack Street Jetty. Up in the sky, puffs of cloud moved swiftly, sending out shadows that stretched and merged onto the path in front of them. On the river, a group of jet skiers zoomed past, leaving trails of white water in their wake. The ferry to South Perth bobbed through the middle of it taking people to the other side. Georgie was silent. She didn’t feel uncomfortable as she walked with Nate by her side. She just didn’t know where to begin. It had been such a long time. How did one go about filling in the missing pieces?
“Remember that day we went to the zoo?” Nate asked. Clearly, the sight of the ferry was stirring up memories for him, too. “We had our photo taken in the booth with the green screen.  I turned to kiss you …”
“But in the picture it looked like you were kissing the hippo.” Georgie let out a laugh. “I still have that photo.”
“Do you? I’d love to see it.”
Was that a hint? Did Nate want to come over, like in the old days?
“Maybe. One day.” 
Georgie wouldn’t admit it, but she had a whole box of stuff from that time. She’d carried it with her all over Australia, to Melbourne where she went to Uni, to Sydney when she’d been given her first job as an interior designer. That was where she’d met her fiancé, Matt. Now the box was under her bed, back in her old bedroom in West Leederville while she waited for the sale of her flat to be finalized. She wasn’t happy about having to live with her parents again, but it was preferable to the streets. And it wasn’t going to be forever.
They reached the jetty and Nate stopped in front of a coffee shop. “Got time for a drink?” he asked, pulling his phone from his pocket and checking the time.
“As long as you can put up with the smell of my shoes.”
“Can’t smell a thing.”
Georgie leant over to see the time, too. A waft of cologne, fresh and woody, filled the air between them. Her pulse started to race as her mind went back to the other times she’d smelled that smell. When they were seventeen, though, Nate’s scent hadn’t been quite as expensive. Usually, it had involved soap and salt, remnants from an afternoon at the beach, and a shower. Once, she’d bought him a bottle of Old Spice from a discount shop, thinking it was very grown-up. The smell had been closer to rancid bananas than aftershave but he’d worn it for weeks, regardless, until she’d finally begged him to throw it in the bin. Nate had such a soft, gentle interior. It was nothing like his big, manly body. Georgie closed her eyes trying to block the thought. She shouldn’t do it. Past loves couldn’t be rekindled. No, shouldn’t be rekindled. Memories were best left as memories. But that didn’t mean that they couldn’t be friends again, did it?
Georgie followed Nate through the maze of diners, until he came to a secluded table, under a large patio umbrella. He pulled out a chair for her and sat opposite, watching as she arranged her cap, sunglasses and iPod in a neat pile on the table beside her.
“So,” he said.
“So.”
“Here we are.”
“Yes.  Here we are.”
A waitress arrived to take their order and having decided on freshly squeezed juices, they sat and stared at each other.  And stared. Then Nate said, “Is that the ring I gave you?” His eyes indicated the garnet ring Georgie wore on her middle finger. She’d had it since they were eleven. When it had gotten too small, her mother had taken it to the jewelers and had and extra piece of silver inserted into the back of the band.
“Yes.”
“I can’t believe you still have it.”
“I wear it every day. Not because of you, though. I’m not, like, living in the past or anything,” she clarified. “I just think it’s pretty.”
Nate was silent for a moment. “Remember that time at the movies when you thought you’d lost it?”
How could she forget?  She’d made him crawl around on the floor in the dark, looking for it. He’d banged his head on the metal of the seat during the search and ended up with an eggshaped lump near his hairline. Then, they’d almost got kicked out when he stuck his hand under the seat in front and inadvertently felt up the woman’s foot who was sitting there. She accused him of being a pervert.
“That lady screamed blue murder,” Georgie giggled. “She thought you had one of those foot-sniffing fetishes.”
“All I had was a lump on my head and a bruised ego. I was trying so hard to impress you with my search and rescue skills.”
“And it was in the cuff of my shorts, the whole time. God knows how it got there.” Georgie remembered the incident well. She also remembered another day at the movies with Nate.  Did he remember that?
The waitress returned with their drinks, placing them down on the table. Georgie swizzled her straw and looked out at the river. Nate concentrated on the people getting off the ferry at the end of the dock.
“When’d you dye your hair?”
At school, Georgie’s hair had been a long golden brown sheath that had hung down her back. Dirty blonde her mother used to call it. Nate used to call her his ‘Little Mermaid’.
“A long time now. I changed the color when I lived in Sydney. I guess it stuck.”
“I like it. But you don’t look like you. When I saw you back there on the path, I didn’t recognize you, not until you took off your sunnies.”
Thank God, that was all it had been.
“I was worried you’d actually forgotten me, like, blocked me from your mind. Not that it would matter if you had,” she rushed on, “but, well, you know.”
Nate gazed across the table at her. Then he reached into his wallet and pulled out a photo, placing it on the table between them. It was faded and worn around the edges but Georgie could clearly see the younger version of them, sitting together on the beach at Cottosloe, his arm slung easily around her shoulder. Georgie’s hair was blowing across her face and her lips, purple with cold, were on Nate’s cheek. He looked happy as he laughed into the lens. So did she. In the corner of the photo, a yellowing piece of sticky tape held a lock of hair that was obviously hers from many years ago.
Georgie stared at the picture for some time and when she raised her head, she noticed the expression on Nate’s face had changed.
“You think I could ever forget you, Georgie? You were my first love.”
So, it had been real.



Chapter 4

For the remainder of Primary School, Georgie and Nate were inseparable. They went everywhere together, did everything together. If Georgie was having a slumber party, Nate was invited, even though the rest of the participants were girls. He’d sit stoically for hours while they braided his hair into cornrows or threaded beads into bracelets, which they made him wear around the house. He drew the line at nail polish, though. There was no way he was letting any girl put that stuff on him. He was a bloke.
When Nate had friends over, Georgie was automatically included. She played soccer with them and followed along as they sped their pushbikes down Oceanic Drive. Nate taught Georgie how to surf and she tagged along on their early morning trips to the beach. She could surf way better than any of the guys, except him. Of course, Georgie could have easily shown him up, if she wanted to, but Nate was her friend. She didn’t mind putting the other boys in their places but she wasn’t about to embarrass him for the sake of being better. When Georgie and Nate surfed together, she always let him get the best waves.
Then one summer, when they were both approaching fourteen, Georgie and Nate were invited to a birthday. Georgie’s friend Tara was having a mixed party at the movies. Tara’s mother had organized a private screening of Men in Black. It was the first time boys had been included and the girls were frenetic with excitement. Maggie had even had her hair professionally straightened for the occasion, at a cost of three hours and more pocket money than Georgie saw in six months. Georgie couldn’t see the big deal.  Her and Nate had been going to the movies together since they were nine. Last time they went, he’d eaten all the popcorn as well as two ice-cream cones. Her mother had to stop the car on the side of the road on the way home so he could throw up. And boys and girls going to the movies together wasn’t a good idea. The boys never liked the same movies the girls did. Still, it would be fun to see her friends and eat some cake.
When the day of the movie event arrived, Georgie had to admit she was excited. Her mother had bought her a new pair of jeans shorts and a blue top with sequins around the neckline. She was going to wear her favorite red jelly sandals and the necklace with the ‘G’ that Nate had given her for Christmas last year. Maybe she’d even try out the lip-gloss she’d bought at Diva. All her friends wore lip-gloss.
As she stood in front of the bathroom mirror, admiring her new mascara’d reflection, Georgie wondered briefly what Nate would think. He probably wouldn’t notice and if did and he hated the new look, he wouldn’t comment. Nate liked her no matter what. He told her all the time.  He even liked her when she reeked of garlic, which was often. Georgie’s mum was going through an Italian cooking phase.
Georgie was the last to arrive at the movie theatre but she didn’t mind, being first was bad in her book. You stood around looking like a dufus waiting for a friend and you had to pretend to be interested in stuff you didn’t give two hoots about so you looked casual and not nervy. She walked over to where Tara stood with the rest of the group and gave her the present she’d bought earlier in the week. Tara loved music. Georgie hoped she liked the CD she’d picked out.
As they made their way into the theatre, Nate caught up to her, nudging her arm with his elbow in his usual greeting style. He was dressed up that day, wearing jeans of all things. Nate never wore jeans in summer. He liked board shorts.
“Hi Georgie.”
“Hi.”
“You’re late today.”
“I had to get changed after ballet.”
“I’m glad you’re here,” he said, grabbing hold of her hand and dragging her towards the double doors of the theatre. “You can save me from Jessica. She’s being annoying again.”
It was no secret the Jessica had a crush on Nate.  She followed him around like a puppy, even inviting herself along when they went to the beach. Not that Jessica surfed. She was a girlie girl.  She sat on the sand in her sparkly bikini and watched. She jumped up and down and applauded Nate’s prowess so that her breasts jiggled. It was very distracting. One time, after a particularly rigorous display, a couple of the boys fell off their surfboards.
Georgie gave a giggle. “Nathan’s got a girlfriend, Nathan’s got a girlfriend,” she teased.
“Shut up.  She’s not my girlfriend. The only girlfriend I have is you.”
Georgie refrained from reminding him that she hadn’t been his girlfriend since they got married in his wardrobe when they were eight.  They were mates.
“You look pretty, by the way,” he said, as they shuffled along the row to their seats. He put the snacks down in between them. “That top looks nice.”
“It’s new.”
“Well, it looks good. You look good.” His cheery blue eyes glanced over her body before coming to rest on her face. For some reason, Georgie felt herself blushing.
“Thank you.”
Then Nate’s focus moved to her lips and Georgie reddened even more. So much for him not noticing the lip-gloss. His eyes were stuck to it, like her lips were made of Super Glue. Trying to concentrate on something, anything other than the way he was looking at her, Georgie twisted at the garnet ring he’d given her because he said it matched her eyes. She shoved her hands between her knees, wiggling her legs up and down. He was making her feel all weird inside. It was very uncomfortable.
“Georgie?”
Georgie pretended to watch the previews that had come up on the screen. “Hmm?”
“Nothing.” Nate half-turned towards the movie too, a queer look on his face. Then he blurted, “Are you wearing lipstick?”
Geez, what was his problem? It was as if by putting on a bit of make-up she’d transformed from best friend Georgie to a new Georgie he’d never known existed and now he couldn’t stop staring. But she hadn’t done it to make Nate notice her. She’d only wanted to be like the other girls.
“Is there something wrong with that?”
Nate shrugged. “Nup. I like you better without it, though. It makes you look like you ate too many toffee apples. I like you better when you’ve just got out of the surf and your hair’s all messy.”
So much for never commenting on her looks.
“And I like you better when you’re not being an idiot. If you don’t cut it out, I’ll swap places with Jessica and leave you to fight her off.”
“You wouldn’t dare.”
“Watch me.” Half joking, Georgie stood up in her place, waving to the girl further down the row. “Hey, Jessica…”
Quicker than she could say popcorn, Nate yanked her back into her seat. His expression was desperate. “Alright, Alright. I didn’t mean it. Please, don’t leave. Don’t make me sit next to Jessica. The way she looks at me is scary.”
Sort of like the way he’d been looking at her a minute ago.
Georgie shook her head. Honestly, sometimes Nate was clueless. He pretended to be cool and stuff but really, he was clueless. “That’s because she’s hot for you, silly.”
Nate slunk down in his seat, giving a sideways glance to where the other girl sat. “Well, I’m not hot for her. She’s loud and her boobs are way too big.”
Georgie would lay bets that Nate hadn’t shared that fact with any of his other friends.  Chest size seemed to be their main topic of conversation these days.
The movie started and the pair settled down. Because the theatre was empty apart from the birthday party, there was plenty of room to spread out so Georgie bent her long legs onto the seat in front of her. Nate did the same and together they dug into the huge bucket of popcorn and took alternate sips of the Coke Nate had bought. Some of the other kids had paired off as soon as the lights had dimmed and were sitting very close to each other but not Georgie and Nate. They were just, well, Georgie and Nate, two best friends.
As the opening credits appeared, Georgie felt Nate sneeze and his shoulder rub against hers. It sounded like his Hay Fever was playing up again. Nate suffered terribly in summer. Only last week, he’d been to a doctor about getting his nostrils desensitized but they wanted to wait till he finished growing. Personally, Georgie hoped he didn’t grow another centimeter. He already looked like a giraffe and he towered so far over her, she needed a stepladder to look him in the eye. She turned to enquire if he was okay but he was staring straight at the screen like it hadn’t even happened. Deciding he was probably fine, she dug her hand into the bucket of popcorn and did the same.
Then, Nate sneezed a second time. This time his hand simultaneously came to rest on her bare knee. What was he doing? He never touched her unless it was to punch her in the arm. He’d given her a hug once when she got upset over that dog movie — the dog had died — but as soon as she’d stopped crying he’d gone back to normal. She watched, appalled as he lifted the armrest and scrooched closer, his eyes never leaving the screen. A vein pumped rapidly in the side of his neck. Clearly, something was up. This wasn’t like Nate at all.
“What’re you doing?” she hissed, indicating the position of his body touching hers.
“Nothing.”
“You have your hand on my knee.”
“I know. I thought it was what you wanted me to do,” he whispered, so quietly she had to practically put her ear to his mouth to hear him. His hand gave her knee a cursory rub.
“Why would you think that?”
“You’re wearing lipstick and you bought a new top. Isn’t that what girls do when they want a guy to notice them?”
And before she could think of an appropriate come-back, Nate leant into her chest, and, pressing her back into the red velvet of the seat, locked his lips with hers. They were soft and warm and not at all what Georgie expected. Her body began to quiver. Butterflies flew around in the pit of her stomach. The bucket of popcorn fell into her lap and spilled between them.
“Get off me!” she screeched, her hands pushing against his chest. “Now.”
“What? Why?”
“What do you mean ‘why’? You kissed me, you oaf.”
“I thought you wanted me to.”
“Well, next time you decide to use your brain, can you let me know first?” She bent down, flicking bits of popcorn from her lap to the floor and examining the splodges of butter on her front. “My top’s ruined. Mum’ll kill me.”
“Didn’t you like it?”
Was he kidding?
“That’s not the point.” How would she know if she liked it, anyway? It had been over faster than she could blink.
Pushing the armrest down between them, Georgie flopped back in her seat. If this was the result of her attempt to look more like a girl, she wouldn’t bother again. She had no idea what prompted Nate to react the way he had. He’d never shown that type of interest in her before. He was like her brother, for Pete’s sake. It was disgusting. Sort of.
For the rest of the movie, Nate sat in stony silence, his face grumpier than a bear without dinner. Usually annoyingly talkative, especially in the serious parts, he refused to engage with Georgie, even after she apologized for spilling the popcorn and bought him a bag of Gummi Bears as a replacement.
Georgie sulked too. If this was how he was going to behave for the rest of their lives, she would just give in and let Jessica have him.



Chapter 5

They’d been sitting in the café for most of the afternoon. Juices had progressed to coffee, food and then alcohol. It was as if the twelve years they’d been apart had never happened, except that it had. They knew nothing about what the other had been doing. They’d never sought each other out on Facebook or asked mutual acquaintances how they were doing. Since Georgie and Nate broke up, in the summer when she was to leave and go to University, they’d never spoken again. The only reminder of their life long friendship was the ring Georgie wore, and the picture Nate carried in his wallet. It was the way they’d believed it should be — a clean break, a chance for each other to live their life.
“What’s been going on, then?” Nate asked.
For the past hour they’d been talking about old times but not a word had been uttered about the present. It was almost as if they were too scared to open the box, in case it contained something they didn’t want to know about.
“Not a great deal.” Under the table, Georgie felt Nate’s knee knocking against hers, as he tapped his foot the way he used to when he was nervous. She smiled a little to herself and fingered the rim of her glass.  “I went to Uni, got my degree. Then I did Honors and a Masters. I moved to Sydney after that, got a job in this huge building firm, designing interiors for show homes. I didn’t like it much. I didn’t like being told how to be creative.”
“You didn’t become a vet?”
Georgie threw an incredulous look in Nate’s direction. “And stick my hand up a cow’s bottom? No, thank you. Once I got to Melbourne and started the course, I discovered it wasn’t my thing. Architectural design was much more fun. And cleaner.”
“I never told you but I couldn’t imagine you knee-deep in cow shit.”
How well he must have known her.
“You were right. I think I only chose it ‘cause Mum and Dad wanted me to. You get those ideas in your head and they’re hard to dismiss, especially when you’re young and you think your parents must be right. What about you?”
“I never became a fireman. And Batman’s offsider didn’t have quite the same ring once I grew up.”
“But you looked so good in tights.” Georgie smirked. “What did you end up doing?”
“After the split, I bummed around for a year or so, travelling. I told myself it was a gap year but I think it was because I was trying to block you from my mind by filling it with new experiences. I ended up in Bali, working in a bar. I surfed all day and drank all night. I met lots of pretty girls in bikinis but none of them held a candle to you.” His face softened as he reached across the table to take her hand. “I missed our trips to the beach and the fun we used to have.”
“Me too.”
“Then the bombing happened. That was a wake-up call. It gave me this urge to be at home with the people who loved me.”
“Wow. You weren’t hurt?” Georgie knew a number of people who’d been directly affected by the bombings in Bali. It had taken them ages to move on from it.
“I was okay but I knew people in that bar. People who died. I couldn’t handle any more so I came home, got my shit together and got a degree. Now I’m an engineer. I fly in and out of South Africa, sometimes Mongolia. It’s interesting and it pays well but it’s dangerous.”
“Ever the thrill-seeker.”
“Isn’t that how life’s meant to be?”
“I almost got married,” Georgie blurted, instantly wondering why she had. Nate didn’t need to know stuff like that. It would only hurt him but in the whole time they’d been apart that was the most outrageous thing she’d almost done. She couldn’t think of one thing, other than dancing on a table when drunk that would prove to him she was the same girl she used to be. Being without Nate had dimmed the switch on her enthusiasm for life.
Georgie looked down at Nate’s hand, covering hers. That switch was definitely turned on now.  It was firing missiles through her body.
“You’re kidding?” Nate joked, letting out a laugh so loud, people at the other tables turned to stare. “That’s the best you can do? I tell you I’m basically the Blood Diamond guy and you say ‘I nearly got married’?”
“Well, he was a mobster. Big drug lord. Huge amounts of cash. He got sent down for ten years so I broke it off. I actually had to leave Sydney… if you know what I mean.”
Nate sat up in his chair. “Jesus, Georgie, how’d you get mixed up with someone like that? You always hated drugs.”
“I’m joking. As if I’d go out with a drug lord. I wouldn’t even know where to find one. I was engaged, though. His name was Matt. He worked for the same firm as me in Sydney. He was very dashing. He looked a bit like you.”
“What happened?”
“I caught him doing the dirty on the kitchen bench after I got home early from a girls’ weekend. It was all very Bridget Jones. Apparently, he had every woman in the office, under the age of thirty, on some sort of speed dial attached to his penis; I just refused to see it. I had no idea men could play you like that.”
“And that’s why you came home?”
“That, and the opportunity to freelance. I’m going to work for myself, start my own business. I’ve already got a few accounts lined up.”
“Sounds like a plan.” Nate picked up his beer and tipped the remains down his throat.  He placed the empty bottle on the table in front of him, a thoughtful look crossing his face. “Was it my fault? Did us being together for so long mean you ended up naïve?”
Georgie bit her lip. She’d never thought of it that way. “Maybe. I never had another serious relationship after us. Then Matt appeared, and I was so blinded by his charm I fell for him hard. I thought he was the perfect man, everyone did. I wouldn’t be as stupid again.”
“And now?”
“You mean, is there someone else?” 
“Mmm.”
She so longed to tell him there would never be anyone else, that he was the only one.  Even if she hadn’t found out about Matt’s philandering, she would have ended it. Being with someone other than Nate didn’t feel right.
“I’m single. You?”
As Nate opened his mouth to answer, the sound of a female voice from the other side of the alfresco distracted him. Both he and Georgie turned to see who it was.
“Nate! God, what the hell are you doing? We were supposed to meet at the Bell Tower forty minutes ago.” The girl’s auburn hair bobbed around her heart-shaped face, as she leant over the alfresco wall to scold him. Her skintight running gear stretched a little more, to reveal the cleavage of two pert and rounded breasts, the kind Nate and Georgie used to laugh about when they were seventeen.
“I’ve been texting you for a good half hour.” The girl stopped and straightened with her hands on her hips, a disapproving frown taking up residence on her otherwise perfect features. “Who is this?”
Nate picked up his phone to check the clock. “Sorry, Lydia. I lost track of time. This is an old friend, Georgie. Georgie and I grew up together. We bumped into each other on the path and decided to have a drink for old times’ sake. She’s only recently moved back to Perth.”
Lydia scrutinized the empty glasses and plates on the table. She looked Georgie up and down, her steel blue eyes stopping at the giant rip in the thigh of Georgie’s pants. It was obvious she didn’t believe a word.
“And you didn’t think to message me? I would have walked over to join you, if you’d told me. As it was, I only noticed you because I happened to be walking back to my car and heard this dreadful laughing. I thought someone was being strangled.”
Georgie suppressed a smile.  That had been her. She and Nate had been recalling other memories from their childhood, funny ones. Nate always said she sounded like a foghorn when she got going. But this was not the time to remind him of that. Clearly, he was meant to be on a date with this girl, and Georgie was interrupting.
Gathering her things, Georgie pulled a couple of notes from the pocket of her pants and handed them to Nate. “Look, I should be going, anyway. I’m going out tonight and I have to get this river stench off and wash my hair. Tara will go ballistic if I’m late. She has this whole OCD thing going on and she can’t abide tardiness.”
“Tara Ford? From school? Are you still friends with her?”
“Yeah. I’m going to her boyfriend’s ‘welcome home’ cocktail cruise. It’s on one of those tall ships; you know the ones down Fremantle? If I’m late she’ll feed me to the sharks.”
“Or make you walk the plank,” Nate chuckled. “She always had a bit of an attitude.”
Georgie pushed out her chair and stood. She wanted to swap numbers or at least give Nate a kiss goodbye, neither of which would be happening with Lydia standing over them baring her incisors.
“It was nice to see you again, Nate.”
Very nice.
“And lovely to meet you, Lydia,” she added, not meaning a word.
“You too,” Lydia replied, equally uncaring. “Can we go now, please? In case you’ve forgotten, we have things of our own to do.”
Nate stood as well, and leaving a pile of notes on the table with Georgie’s, he hitched a leg over the wall to join Lydia.
“I’ll see you later, Georgie.” He leant back across the bricks and Georgie thought for a second he was going to kiss her cheek until Lydia stepped between them and took a possessive grip on his arm.
“Come on.”
As Lydia bustled Nate away, Georgie felt a stab of jealousy. It was as if the other girl had dug her pointy nails into Georgie’s chest and jabbed repeatedly at her heart like a witch at a voodoo doll. She’d had a similar feeling only once before in her life, and that had involved Nate too.




Chapter 6

After the dreaded kissing incident at the movies, things had been awkward for quite a while between Georgie and Nate. She didn’t know why his feelings towards her had suddenly changed. She assumed it was because all his mates were getting with girls and being the unofficial leader of the pack, he felt some type of obligation to lead by example, with her as the obvious choice. After all, none of the other boys would dare go near her. Not if they wanted their faces to remain attached to their heads. To make matters worse, Nate had started to talk about the way girls looked, about kissing girls or even doing other stuff. He was always going on to his mates about it, like it made him a big man or something. Georgie thought she’d made it clear he wouldn’t want to be trying that stuff on her. She’d whack him with a cricket bat before that would be happening.
By the time they reached fifteen, Georgie and Nate had begun to have a Saturday night social life. Usually, one of their friends would invite everyone over for a ‘gathering’ which basically meant sitting around in someone’s family room watching DVD’s or the boys playing Play Station while the girls talked about hair and make-up and listened to music. Sometimes, they swam in each other’s pools but they were rapidly getting to an age where having your hair wet after spending an hour doing it before you left home was no longer an option. So, the boys might swim or play fight in the water and the girls would dangle their legs over the edge and laugh at them. All except Georgie. Being the tomboy of the group and the only girl who surfed, she didn’t give two hoots about her hair getting messed up. Life was for having fun, not sitting on the side of a pool trying to look pretty.
On the Saturday night in question, the gang had assembled at Tara’s house. Her parents’ had a massive mansion in City Beach with a rumpus room that led out onto the tennis court, pool house and Olympic-sized pool. They were also less strict with their supervision, which meant everyone liked going to Tara’s best of all. Tara’s parents didn’t mind that the kids sat around in the dark with the door shut, lighting bits of incense they’d bought at the markets or sipping from illicit bottles of wine stolen from their parents’ wine stash. They’d said on numerous occasions that it was preferable to the kids hanging out in the street, or being down at the park getting into trouble. At least, in Tara’s rumpus room, they could keep a bit of an eye out.
The gang just finished swimming and everyone had dried off when Tara announced she was bored. Tara was often bored. Coming from a wealthy family didn’t mean she had more things to do.
“What can we do?” she asked.
Michael, who’d finished sharing a stubby of beer with Kyle, piped up, waggling his empty bottle in the air. “Let’s play Spin The Bottle.”
Maggie Maloney rolled her eyes. Kyle did his best to look disinterested and Tara looked at Michael like he’d lost his mind.
“Seriously, you are so High School,” Tara said, but everyone knew she was already planning to make the bottle stop in front of him. Tara had been dying to pash on Michael for ages. He just wouldn’t seem to get the hint.
“But we are in High School,” Michael pointed out. “People expect us to act stupid.”
“I’ll play,” said Jessica. She hadn’t given up on Nate.
“What about you guys?” Michael asked, aiming his question at Georgie and Nate.
Nate shrugged like he didn’t care and Georgie looked at the floor. She knew she’d been more clammed up more than a limpet on a rock since the movies but, seriously, she had so many things going on in her head and Nate was no help at all. Most of the time she wanted to murder him. Last week, when he told her how nice her hair looked, she’d poked him in the arm so hard with a pencil, she’d left a bit of lead behind and it’d gotten infected. He’d had to get a tetanus shot, which he’d not been impressed about at all.
Everyone sat in a circle and Michael placed the bottle in the middle. “Seeing as it was my idea, I get to go first,” he said, looking pointedly at Tara.
Taking the bottle between his fingers he spun it on the carpet. The emerald colored glass came to a slow halt in front of Tara who muttered, “If you think I’m letting those manky lips of yours near me, you’ve got another thing coming, Michael Hemming.” Which was code for, ‘get over here right now and give me my prize’.
The group watched with interest as Michael crawled across the carpet, stopping in front of Tara. His face was very close to hers. His eyes were glittering with teenage desire. “You sure about that, Tara? I mean, rules are rules. And the rules of this game say I have to kiss you.”
Tara gave an exaggerated groan. “Oh, alright.”
And with that, Michael proceeded to see how far down her throat he could stick his tongue. Georgie watched on flabbergasted. How could they kiss for so long without drawing breath? It had to be bad for your brain to be oxygen deprived for so long. Not that that would affect either of them.
“Get a room, you two,” Kyle joked. He’d been timing the couple on his watch before calling ‘time out’ after five minutes.
Behind Tara’s back, Michael gave him the finger.
Then it was Kyle’s turn.  After declaring openly the previous week that all girls stank, he couldn’t go back on his word by enjoying the kiss, so when the bottle stopped in front of Maggie Maloney, he crawled across the floor and pecked her on the cheek. Then, looking very sheepish, he scuttled back to his spot, his face redder than a tourist who’d spent a week at the beach without sun block.
“Lightweight,” said Michael, who’d just come up for air. “Let’s see if Adams can do any better.”
Nate swallowed and took a swig of beer from his bottle. He wiped his mouth on the back of his hand and lazily sauntered to the center of the circle. “Hope you girls are ready,” he joked. Then, he picked up the bottle and gave it a hefty twist.
From the other side of the circle, Georgie watched the bottle’s progress without breathing. The air was trapped so far down her throat it felt like a balloon was lodged there, one pop and she’d be dead. God, she had to stop this. She couldn’t let Nate get with another girl. It wouldn’t be right.
The slower the bottle rotated the more upset Georgie became. She didn’t want Nate to kiss anyone else; she wanted him to kiss her.  She’d always wanted that, it was just that, when they were at the movies that day, she’d felt pressured and not quite ready. She gazed across the circle, hoping to catch his eye, hoping he’d say he’d changed his mind and wanted to pull out but he didn’t.  His face was intent on that bottle and where it would stop. The only sign he gave that he might not be as cool as he portrayed was the tapping of his toe against the carpet. Nate always tapped when he was nervous.
When the bottle stopped, its neck was pointing to Jessica. Moving as if to his death, Nate began the slow crawl to Jessica’s side.
Georgie was distraught. She’d been willing the bottle to stop anywhere but there. Everyone knew how much Jessica crushed on Nate. Once he got close to her, she’d wrap him in those boobs of hers and he’d be lost forever.
But what could she do? If she jumped up to save him, she’d look stupid in front of her friends and they’d all know her true feelings. Her and Nate been friends for so long, nobody would believe it if she suddenly stood up and declared she loved him. Not after the pencil thing. They’d think she was an idiot.
Nate had reached Jessica. She was preening and giggling and showing off like she’d won first prize in a beauty contest. “Oh Nate. I always knew we were meant to be together,” she simpered, as she licked her lips and adjusted her clothing to give him a better view. “It’s fate…. Nate — Fate. Get it?”
I’ll give her fate, Georgie thought. It’ll hit her right between the eyes when I throw that bottle at her head.
Nate was puckering up. Jessica had her hands on his chest, pulling him towards her by the scruff of his t-shirt. Georgie’s hands were clenched in fists. It was either that or rip every hair from Jessica’s perfect little head.
“Stop!”
Oh no, had that come out of her mouth? Georgie looked around hoping that it hadn’t, or if it had that nobody had heard, but judging by the way everyone was gawping at her, she’d obviously said it. And rather loudly at that.
“What’s wrong?” Jessica asked, which was a load of old twaddle because she knew very well what was wrong. She was about to play tonsil hockey with Nate. Georgie’s Nate. It was unthinkable.
Stumbling to her feet and tripping over the cords from the Play Station as she went, Georgie ran through the open doors and around the side of the pool. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she gasped for air between sobs. She leant her head against the wall of the pool house as she tried to squeeze the tears away. What had she done? She’d never be able to face them now, not when everyone had seen her making a spectacle of herself.
“Georgie?”
Nate’s soft hand was on her cheek. His face leaned close, studying the pitiful look in her eyes. “Are you okay?”
Georgie wrenched her head away. “What do you think?”
She didn’t mean it to sound horrid but seriously, she was balling her eyes out in the middle of someone’s backyard, in front of her entire social group. Couldn’t he have come up with something better than that?
“I didn’t kiss her.”
Georgie turned to face Nate. He looked very serious, more serious than she’d ever seen him. Well, except for the time they got called in to see the Principal after they got caught putting cling wrap on the toilet seats on April Fools’ Day. He knew his dad would throw a mental.
“Why?”
“I didn’t want to. I want to kiss you. I’ve always wanted to kiss you. I think you’re the prettiest girl in the world.”
Nate put a thumb to Georgie’s tears, smearing them away. He offered her a sleeve on which to blow her nose but she declined, because it took friendship to a level of grossness even she wasn’t comfortable with. Instead, she gave a loud sniff and a limp smile as he wound his arms around her waist and drew her to him.
“You made a bit of a scene back there,” he said.
“I’ll never be able to face them again. Everyone will laugh at me.”
“I won’t laugh. And who cares what they think? Kyle still has his Mighty Max’s in a line on the shelf in his room and Michael’s mum makes him wear a singlet under his school shirt in winter. We’ve all got our thing.”
“And my thing is behaving like a fool?”
Nate gave a smile. “You’re not a fool. Nobody thinks that and if they did, I’d punch them out.”
“That’s very chivalrous.”
“I’m just that kinda guy.” Nate wound his arms tighter. Georgie could feel his heart hammering in his chest. Or was it hers? No, hers was in her throat.
“Why won’t you let me kiss you? Don’t you like me?”
“I love you, Nate. You’re my best friend but if we kiss everything will change. We’ll be, like, going out. We might end up hating each other. Lots of people end up hating each other.”
“I could never hate you,” he said.
“You don’t know that.”
“Yes, I do. We love each other, we always have. Besides, I know you want me. You looked like you were going to thump Jessica with the Play Station controls.”
“I was actually going for the bottle. More damage,” Georgie confessed.
“So you admit it? You were jealous!”
Pulling back, Georgie gasped in mock horror. “I was not! I was saving you. If you got stuck in her boobs, you’d suffocate. You don’t even like her. How you could kiss someone you don’t even like is beyond me.”
“Maybe I do like her. Maybe all this time I’ve been putting on an act?”
Anger swelled in Georgie’s chest. “You don’t like her. I know you don’t. You like me. Just the same as I like you.”
And to prove it, she reached up on her tiptoes, took Nate’s face between her hands and pressed her mouth to his. The shock of her action took them both by surprise.
“Are you sure about this?” Nate asked, trying to pull away and finding the nape of her neck instead.
“Surer than anything,” Georgie replied, though thought was becoming increasingly difficult with his lips racing over her skin.
Nate held Georgie tight and twisting her around, leant her against the wall of the pool house, his body covering hers with such pressure, she could barely get air into her lungs. His lips descended on her, his tongue searched deep inside her mouth until it met with hers. He kissed her and kissed her and Georgie wound her arms around his neck and kissed him back.
“Nate. Stop for a second,” she gasped, as his hands slid up and down her sides in mad abandon.
A loud groan vibrated on the skin of her earlobe. “What?”
“Promise me this isn’t going to change anything.”
Nate stopped. “Nothing will ever change. It’s always gonna be you and me, Georgie. Just now it’ll be in a different way.”



Chapter 7

Glancing down at her watch and hurriedly handing some cash to the taxi driver, Georgie stepped out of the car, realizing she’d arrived at the dock with only seconds to spare. Her afternoon with Nate had put her seriously behind but she didn’t mind. It had been worth every minute to see him again.
The rest of the group was already onboard, the boys wearing eye-patches and pirate hats and the girls, bandanas and golden-hooped earrings. A number of clichéd pirate terms were being bandied about as plastic cutlasses were brandished in the air and schooners of ale clinked, which only meant one thing: it was going to be one of those parties.
“You’re late,” Tara chided, handing Georgie a red bandana with a skull and crossbones printed on the front, and an extremely long plastic sword. Georgie looped the bandana round her hair and tied it in a knot. She shoved the sword into her belt and adjusted her peasant top. She felt like Keira Knightly, only slightly fatter and hugely more ridiculous.
“No, I’m not. The boat’s still here.”
Tara shook her head and directed Georgie up the gangplank and onto the deck. “Always with the smart comments.  You’ll never change, Birdie.”
“That’s why you like me. Now where’s the bar? I’m dying for a drink and I have some news to tell you. After you tell me why we’re all dressed as pirates for a coming home party, that is.”
“Oh, like, duh, it’s International Talk Like a Pirate Day.  We’re killing two birds with one stone.” 
Tara pointed to a spot at the stern of the ship and the girls made their way towards it. Despite the fact that this was a private booking, Tara had managed to fill the back end of the huge ship with people. Georgie had never laid eyes on half of them, but that was nothing new. Tara collected friends like Imelda Marcos had collected shoes. And any number of them could have been Jim, her boyfriend’s, mates.
“So, what’s so important that it almost made you miss the boat?” Tara asked, once they were set up with coconut shells filled with some type of rum concoction.
“You’ll never guess who I had coffee with today.”
“Bruno Mars.”
“Uh. No. Do you think I’d be this calm if I’d had coffee with Bruno Mars?” The girls shared a liking for the dark haired singer.  His voice did it for Georgie. Tara was enamored with his dimples.
“To state the obvious, you don’t look calm at all. You look like you’re about to explode. That pirate girl dress is rather fetching by the way. Very wench-ish. You could totally get some action in that.”
Georgie ignored her. There was only one kind of action she wanted now and it had nothing to do with cutlasses and pantaloons. “I saw Nate.”
“Nate Adams, Nate?” Mid sip of her coconut cocktail, Tara began to choke. Georgie gave her a slap on the back.
“The one and only. He was jogging along the foreshore. I practically ran into him.”
“Well, I’ll be. Fancy that. And how is he?”
Georgie cast her mind back to earlier in the day. “He looks well. He’s very handsome.”
“Of course, he’s handsome.  He’d have given Leonardo DiCaprio a run for his money when we were young. Don’t you remember how all the girls used to call him Romeo in the last year of school?”
A frown passed over Georgie’s face. “I thought that was because of me. You know, Romeo and Juliet, star-crossed lovers and all that.”
“God, no. Jessica gave him the name after we watched the film in English. How could you have forgetten?”
“Because I’ve been trying to block her from my memory since Year Nine.”
“So, tell me all about it. No, wait! Let me get another drink first. I have to be fully focused for this.”
Georgie wondered at the correlation between alcohol and being focused but she refrained from asking. When Tara returned with fresh drinks for them both, she began her story.
“I was out for my jog and I stepped in dog poo and as I was wiping it off I saw him running towards me.”
A sigh doleful escaped Tara’s lips. “It’s just like in a movie.  Go on.”
“It wasn’t that romantic.  He didn’t even recognize me at first.”
“That was because of your hair, I suppose. I’m buggered if I can pick you out in a crowd. I keep expecting that surfer girl to walk through the door, the one with the messy strands always falling from her ponytail. Not the coiffed beauty we get today.”
“I’m not coiffed.”
“Yes, you are. Since you came back from Sydney, you’re all hipster with your indie clothes and vintage handbags. I swear on my mother’s golf clubs that girl sitting next to us at lunch the other day was drooling over your shoes. Drooling! It’s like you got an overdose of café culture or something. Not that it’s a bad thing. But you do look a lot different.”
Her appearance had changed, Georgie supposed, but didn’t that come with growing up? There was a time when you were too old to be prancing around in overalls and Doc Martins and as those elements had disappeared, so had a lot of other things. It had years since Georgie had been surfing. What with the move to Melbourne — where nobody in their right mind would surf without an arctic thickness wetsuit — and then the social life in Sydney, her former life as a surfer girl had been swept away, too.
“I can’t remember the last time I hit the waves,” Georgie thought aloud.
“Maybe you could go with Nate. I bet he still gets in a tube or two before breakfast. Are you seeing him again?”
Georgie had no doubt he did. Nate’s body had the trademark physique of a surfer. It had been one of the first things she’d noticed today. Not that she’d been eyeing him off or anything. It was mere curiosity.
“I don’t think his girlfriend would be happy about that,” Georgie replied. “She was giving me daggers as it was.”
“He took you for coffee with his girlfriend? The absolute cheek.”
So Georgie went on to explain all that had happened, from her dip in the drink to the fact that Nate carried a photo of them around in his wallet. When she finally drew breath, she discovered that Tara was peering at her in a very odd fashion.
“You’re still in love with him. After all these years.”
“I’m not.”
“You are. It’s in your eyes. God, this is so romantic. That’s why you wouldn’t marry that Matt fellow. It was nothing to do with him being the reincarnation of Casanova; it was because you still love Nate. Matt’s affair just made it easier for you to end it.”
Georgie opened her mouth to deny it but, seriously, what was the point? She knew Tara was telling the truth.
*****
Later on that evening, as the sun was setting, and the ship made its way back to the harbor, Georgie stood on the bow, her sword anchored to her side, watching the waves.  Down in the water, a pod of dolphins leapt along beside the boat, playing chasings and a couple of small craft, filled with fishermen, called out pirate obscenities as they passed, completely unnoticed by Georgie.
Georgie was pensive. Seeing Nate earlier on had dragged up memories, ones she had tried for so long to forget. If she were Kate Winslet in Titanic, and her Leo was here with his arms outstretched and his body leaning into hers, everything would be perfect. As long as they didn’t hit an iceberg, of course. Georgie had always hated the end of that movie. Jack should have lived to run away with Rose. Just like she should have run away with Nate when she had the opportunity. But it was no use thinking about the past. What was done was done; she may as well get over it. Nate had a girlfriend, and even though Perth was a very small place, she’d probably never see him again.
As the crew tied up the boat, Georgie went below to gather her things and prepare to disembark. It had been a fun night despite her melancholy mood now and she was keen to move on to the next stage of the evening, a dinner at a restaurant overlooking the river. She wanted to shake the blues away, to get back to being fun Georgie, not this stick in the mud no-fun one.
“Coming, Georgie?” one of the other guests asked, as he headed down the gangplank and back to shore.
“Yep.” She took the offered hand and stepped lightly onto the walkway at the very moment a cargo vessel decided to blast its hooter.
Startled, Georgie squealed, jumping higher than she’d ever jumped in high jump competitions at school and hitting her head on some ship paraphernalia.
“Ouch!” 
She raised her hand from the rail to rub at her head, which of course was the completely wrong thing to do. In front of her, the large wake from the passing boat was causing the walkway to wobble and her eager helper was making it worse by clutching at anything and everything in sight, including the plastic sword at Georgie’s hip. Georgie, despite having the balance of a seasoned board rider, found herself teetering with him until, finally, they toppled over the unprotected side of the gangplank and straight into the water. Her only thought as she spluttered her way to the surface — other than hoping nobody had emptied bilge water in the near vicinity — was ‘not again.’
“You’re supposed to hold on to the rail,” Tara tutted, as one of the crew used the boat hook to fish Georgie out of the river. “What the hell were you thinking?”
“Nice night for a dip?” Georgie laughed, wringing out her wet pirate dress and smoothing her bedraggled hair. In the kerfuffle she’d managed to lose one of her boots and her hairclips. Her dilly bag — because a clutch was not appropriate pirate attire — had sprung open in the fall, revealing its intimate contents to the other partygoers. They were currently being retrieved with a net. Georgie didn’t care about the bag or the lipstick. She just hoped her keys were still inside and that her phone was in working order. The last time she’d seen it, it had been floating down the river right side up and she had a feeling she may need it to call a taxi any minute. Tara looked extremely peeved.
“This isn’t a laughing matter, Georgie. You can’t come to the restaurant looking like that. You’ll have to go home and get changed.”
Georgie was well aware that she couldn’t go looking like a fish left out of water too long but seriously, Tara was going overboard. It wasn’t as if she’d purposely gone for a dive. And it wasn’t her fault. The man standing next to her, who looked like he’d been put through the heavy-duty cycle on a washing machine, was more to blame. He’d grabbed her sword and pulled her into the water. If anyone should be getting a tongue lashing, it should be him.
Georgie sighed. “It’ll take at least an hour to get home, changed and back. And I’ll never get another taxi. Not on a Saturday night. I’ll just go home and stay there. You go without me.”
Tara gave a low, cross grumble and stomped towards the minivan that was taking them to the restaurant.  “God, you’re hopeless. Get in the taxi. And sit up the back. I don’t want you dripping all over me. He can take you home after he drops us off.”
“It’s okay, she can get a lift with me. I’m sure I’ve got a bit of plastic in the back of the car so she doesn’t ruin the leather seats.”
Standing next to the minivan was Nate.
Georgie swallowed in surprise. What in heavens was he doing here?
Tara was not as subtle. Her cheeks were positively glowing at this new arrival. “I should have known you’d show up sooner or later, Adams. You never could stay away from Georgie.” Then, like a mother hen with her chicks, she gathered the remainder of the group who were wearing dry clothes and bundled them into the minivan, leaving the ‘lovebirds’ to it.
“Ring me in the morning,” she called through the open window like a wayward fairy godmother. “And don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
“That doesn’t leave much to the imagination,” Nate said.
“You can say that again.”
As they watched the taxi van speed off in the direction of the restaurant, Georgie, who was beginning to feel the cold in her damp dress and pantaloons, turned to Nate.
“What are you doing here?”
“After I got home, I got to thinking and I think I liked seeing you again this afternoon and I want to see you some more.”
“But you have a girlfriend. I’m not going to come between you.”
“Lydia? She’s not my girlfriend. I think she’d like to be, though. She’s just a girl I know through a bloke at work. His girlfriend was trying to hook us up but she’s not my type.  She’s loud and her boobs are way too big.”
Now where had she heard that before?
Georgie began to search through her dilly bag for a comb. She must look an absolute fright. “How did you find me?”
“I took a punt that your parents still lived in West Leederville. I rang your old number.”
“You spoke to Mum?” 
That was all she needed. Georgie’s parents had never been very approving of her relationship with Nate, once it changed from friendship to love. They thought he stifled her, made her give up on her dreams, that Georgie never had a mind of her own when he was around. What they never realized was that it was them who’d been stifling. Georgie had done everything she’d done to make them happy but none of it had made her happy.
“She gave me your number. I don’t think she knew it was me. I tried to call you before I left home but it went straight to message bank.”
“Possibly because my phone’s been floating in the river for the past half an hour but that still doesn’t explain how you found me.”
Nate gave her a look. “How many tall ships are there in Perth, Georgie?”
Hmm. He had point.
“It wasn’t exactly rocket science. All I had to do was Google the location.”
“Well, I’m glad you’re here. It’s nice to see you.”
“You, too.”
They walked along the jetty towards the car park. The moon had risen fully now and Georgie was getting chillier by the second. She didn’t care though. She was with Nate. “I don’t mind that I’m missing out on dinner now you’re here. I didn’t know many of the people in that group.  It would have been a night of small talk.”
“Or pirate talk. Why are you dressed in pirate garb anyway? The Leeuwin isn’t a pirate ship.”
“It’s International Talk Like A Pirate Day.”
“No shit? They have such a thing?”
“Apparently.”
They came to a stop beside a shiny new car. Nate pulled the keys out of his pocket and flicked the remote. Swinging the rear door open, he searched around for a second, before pulling out a large plastic bin liner.
“So the Red Devil went to car heaven, then?” Georgie asked.
A faint smile lit Nate’s his face. “That car was the best.”
“As long as you don’t count the time we got stuck in sand dunes at Lancelin, or when we broke down in the middle of the freeway during peak hour.”
Ignoring her, Nate opened the passenger door and spread the bin liner on the seat, tucking the sides firmly down. He gestured to Georgie to sit. “That should do.”
“My hero,” Georgie gushed.
“Get in the car,” he laughed. “You’re shivering.”
Only with excitement, Georgie thought. Nate was back and this time, she wasn’t letting him go.




Chapter 8

People who believed that Georgie and Nate were inseparable when they’d been friends were astonished at how much more time they were able to spend in each other’s company once they became boyfriend and girlfriend. From the morning after their first kiss, Nate had practically taken up residence at Georgie’s house. He had spare clothes in her wardrobe and a wetsuit hanging in the garage. Every time Georgie’s mother turned around, he was there, helping with the dishes, doing homework with Georgie or putting the vacuum cleaner over the living room rug. At one stage, Mrs. Bird declared she was unsure if they’d gained a boyfriend or a live-in housekeeper. Whichever, she knew it wasn’t healthy. Georgie should be out with her girlfriends, not spending every minute with a boy she’d known since she was eight. It had been fine when they were little but the way they made eyes across the dinner table these days was no longer because of some childish stunt they’d planned. There were an awful lot of teenage hormones on the loose in the Bird household and none of them were from the new pair of Lovebirds Mr. Bird had insisted on buying.
For Georgie’s part, once she’d discovered kissing Nate to be akin to an afternoon in the company of a huge slab of chocolate fudge, she’d never looked back. They floated for hours by the edge of the pool, their hands twining and unraveling along with their lips. They lay on the cool grass of the front lawn, their bodies playfully tangled like puppies in a dog basket, a sight that caused Mrs. Longo the next-door neighbor, to barge in the gate late one afternoon and demand they stop. Seeing Nate fondling Georgie’s bare stomach was apparently too much for her sensitive nerves. Georgie had smirked when Mrs. Longo suggested that if she wanted to watch pornography she’d take up using the Internet. Mr. Longo had been doing that for ages. They’d seen him through the lounge room window.
At Nate’s house, they spent whole evenings on the bed in his room, listening to music and kissing frantically with one ear to the open door in case his mother appeared. And as their kisses grew more ardent so did their need to explore other body parts, with the door shut. Unfortunately, Nate’s mother never seemed to see it that way. She designated herself the guardian of Georgie’s purity and could often be heard stomping along the hall to announce her presence and stating she didn’t think Georgie’s mother would approve if the door were closed. They never got to be alone.
By the time Georgie and Nate reached the age of seventeen, they’d been a couple for almost two years. As far as teenage romances go, theirs had run a marathon at the Olympics and was now in training for the next. Their feelings, far from dissipating as hoped, had escalated into a deep lustful love and while Mr. and Mrs. Bird thought Nate was a very nice boy with impeccable manners, they were under no illusions that Georgie and Nate, if they hadn’t already, were soon to take their relationship to the final level.
The awful realization that the children were no longer children hit home on the day Nate pulled into the driveway of Georgie’s house, a pair of red and white P plates taking pride of place in the front and back windows of the car he was driving.
“Oh my God, Roger,” Mrs. Bird gasped, as she pulled back the curtains to have a closer look at Nate’s new Corolla wagon. “His parents have bought him a car. A wagon.”
“Calm down,” Mr. Bird replied, coming to stand next to his wife. He could see she was about to collapse. “It’s only a car.”
“But it has one of those fold-down seats in the back.” Mrs. Bird was clearly worried at this new development. Her hand was gripping her mouth like it was trying to hold in a cry of terror.
By this stage, Georgie had screamed through the house in her short shorts and bikini top and was sitting next to Nate in the front seat, an adoring look on her face. As her parents watched on, they began to test out the limits of the handbrake by sprawling themselves across it, lips locked.
“Yes, and if they haven’t had sex already they’ll be testing them out soon enough by the look of that,” Mr. Bird commented.
“How could his parents be so irresponsible?”
“I’m pretty sure June and David bought the car for Nate to put his surfboard in, not as a shag pad.”
“Roger!”
“Well, you’re overreacting. Georgie’s a sensible girl and Nate would never do anything silly.”
Which was quite a testimony, for at that very moment Georgie and Nate were sitting in the front seat of his car, gazing up at her parents looking through the window and planning how they could manage a ‘sleepover’ in the back of the newly christened ‘Red Devil’ without anyone knowing.

“The tickets for Big Day Out go on sale on Saturday. Hole and Marilyn Manson are headlining,” Georgie said, her mind formulating the most devious plan she’d ever come up with. Not that she’d ever had a devious plan. Apart from the odd prank here and there, she did exactly as she was told. “We could say we have to line up at the box office or we’ll miss out. We’ll probably have to ‘camp out’ in the street over night. There’ll be a huge line.”
“But we can buy tickets over the phone,” Nate justified. “Dad’s a member at the Claremont Cricket Club. He gets heaps of offers for events they have at the oval in the off-season. They already sent him a pre-sale code. All we have to do is ring up and jump the queue.”
“My parents don’t know that,” Georgie replied, her eyes firmly on her mother, who appeared to be having some sort of mini-seizure in the bay window. “Mum and Dad come from the old school. They stood behind a barrier for three days to catch a glimpse Roger Daltrey as he went into the hotel The Who were staying at. They didn’t even see Pete Townsend. And when they got the photos developed, all they had were shots of the girl’s hand in front of them.”
“I thought they met The Who?”
“Only Keith Moon. Mum chased him up the street to get his autograph. It’s in a box somewhere but that’s not the point. If we tell them we’re lining up to get tickets, they’ll totally get it. Then all we have to do is get a couple of tickets in the members pre-sale on Thursday, pack a bag to make it look like a sleep out, find a nice place to camp for the night and Bob’s your uncle.”
Nate’s eyes twinkled. His arms snaked around Georgie’s body to explore the smooth skin at the side of her bikini top. “You’re a sneaky thing, Georgie Bird. I’d never have thought of that.”
Georgie planted a deep kiss on his mouth. “I know. It must be those hormones Mum keeps banging on about.”
*****
On the evening before the line up for tickets, Nate arrived at Georgie’s house at the designated time. His car screeched to a halt in the driveway, sending a cloud of dust and ear-bleedingly loud music into the atmosphere and causing Mrs. Longo to peek from behind her curtains to check that a terrorist attack wasn’t happening in the Bird’s drive. Giving the old lady a wave, Nate took the front steps two at a time, let himself in the door and greeted Mrs. Bird with a kiss on the cheek. Still uncomfortable that Nate was dashing Georgie around the town in a car, she had just completed lecturing her daughter about behaving like a lady and not going anywhere but the ticket line because the city was a dangerous place at night. Little did she know Georgie had no intention of going anywhere near the box office. The only box Georgie intended on being near was the one that had condoms in it.
Grabbing Georgie’s backpack and a large basket from beside the front door, Nate led the way down to the car and tossed it into the back. So far, their plan was coming together nicely. Confident that the two sets of parents would never compare notes, he’d told his mother he was taking Georgie to a midnight screening of the Rocky Horror Picture Show, her all-time favorite movie. He’d crash at hers after, as it was closer to the outdoor theatre.  Nate often spent the night at Georgie’s — in carefully selected separate rooms, of course — and Georgie’s mum and dad’s bedroom between them. Georgie’s parents, being the trusting people they were, assumed Georgie would be sitting with her other school friends in a queue that evening, the very same queue that had been featured on that night’s edition of Ten News. At the time of filming, it had stretched a block along Hay Street and was expected to be triple the length by morning. They weren’t overly impressed about their daughter staying out the entire night, but if the kids wanted tickets, they supposed there was no other choice. Though why anyone would want to see that Marilyn Manson with the one blue eye and one black was beyond them. He really was rather creepy.
“What’s with the basket?” Nate asked, as he lugged the wicker into the back of the car.
Georgie rolled her eyes. “Mum was worried we’d get hungry. She’s packed us a picnic.”
“With bread made from rocks? That thing weighs a ton.”
“That’d be the ten liters of Coke and water and the thermos of tea. She doesn’t want us to get dehydrated or cold.”
“Thoughtful. But unnecessary.”
Georgie tossed her overnight bag in beside the picnic basket. It wasn’t much lighter.
“And I suppose you’ve got your hair straightener and your entire summer wardrobe, in there?” Nate asked.
“Don’t be sarcastic. It’s a doona and two pillows, if you must know. At three o’clock in the morning, you’ll be pleased I packed it.”
Nate took her in his arms, placing a kiss on the tip of her nose. “This is the first time we’ve ever been naked together, Georgie. You won’t be hiding under a doona.”
Georgie flushed. “What if it’s cold?”
“You won’t be cold, believe me.”
They walked to their respective sides of the car and got in. Nate started the car and Georgie changed the CD before letting her hand rest on Nate’s knee. He gave her a smile that told her he knew exactly what she was thinking.
All week long, Georgie had been imagining this night and every time she had, her body had responded with that tingle, the one she got in the pit of her stomach that worked its way down between her legs. Sure, there’d be so much heavy breathing in the past, they could’ve filled a steam room, but tonight was going to be different. Not in the panting and moaning department but in the act itself. Tonight Georgie was going to show Nate how much she loved him by giving herself entirely to him. They were going to lose their virginity together.
“Where are we going? Georgie asked, as Nate reversed out of the driveway. Nate had been in charge of scouting a location. He’d been updating her during the week but was keeping his final choice a surprise.
“Not telling.”
“But I want to know.”
That mischievous twinkle in his eye, Nate concentrated on the road ahead.
At the first set of lights in Roberts Road, Nate turned down the music. Frowning, Georgie glanced sideways at him. Nate never turned down the music. The only way to play it was as loudly as possible.
“What’s wrong?” 
He appeared to be straining to listen. “Nothing.  I thought I heard a funny noise.”
Georgie focused for a second. “I can’t hear anything. What’d it sound like?”
“Crackling. Whistling. I’m not sure.” He cocked his head over the steering wheel, listening intently. “I think it’s gone now.”
As Nate took off from the lights, Georgie reset the volume dial and began to bounce along in time, her fingers tapping simultaneously on Nate’s knee. Her body, also switched to high, was filled with nervous energy, making it hard for her to keep still. “Are you sure you won’t tell me where we’re going?”
Nate’s hand left the steering wheel to cover hers. He squeezed her knuckles tight, letting out a chuckle as she pulled her hand away and shook it.
“Ouch! Nate!”
“Well, stop being so nosy. You’ll find out when we get there. Can you skip that track and go to the next one? I don’t like it much.”
Georgie huffed and pressed the scan button, moving the CD to the next track. Nate’s hand moved across the handbrake and up her bare leg, coming to rest at the top of her thigh. His fingers began to play with the fabric along the hem of her shorts. Georgie wriggled away it and slapped him playfully. “Focus on your driving.”
“I am,” he replied, his eyes never leaving the road. “I’m also focusing on getting you out of those shorts in about ten minutes.”
Georgie blushed again. It was one thing to do it; it was another completely to talk about it all the time.
At that moment, the Red Devil gave an almighty shudder and slowed to a grinding halt.  Smoke began to pour from under the console making Georgie cough as it entered the car. Then she caught a flash of flame.
“Oh my God. Nate. We’re on fire!” 
Envisaging an explosion to rival a Hollywood action movie, she flung the door open and bolted from the car, screaming at the top of her lungs. Nate, who was far more practical, jumped out behind her and stood at the side of the car, scratching his head and wondering how to put the fire out.
“Ohmigod. Ohmigod. Ohmigod. What are we going to do?” Georgie’s nervous excitement was quickly being overtaken by panic. Fingers against her mouth, she bit at her nails, having no idea how to handle the situation. Of course, if Nate had taken that place he got offered at the Firefighting Academy, they wouldn’t have had a problem. If he hadn’t deferred, he’d know exactly how to douse the fire.
“Ohmigod. Ohmigod. Ohmigod.”
“Shut up, Georgie. I can’t think with you carrying on like that.”
“But the car… It’s going to explode.”
“No, it’s not.”
“But the fire…”
“We’ll put it out. Now shut up.”  
Clouds of charcoal smoke billowed through the open door and flames crackled but the fire didn’t seem to be spreading. Not taking any chances, Georgie found a spot some meters away and stood under a tree muttering ‘Ohmigod’ in a soft voice so as not to piss Nate off more. She might love him with all her heart but she didn’t trust his judgment when it came to cars being on fire. Nate’s knowledge of mechanics was about as extensive as hers. It was possible the car could explode at any moment. She totally knew it.
Meanwhile, Nate had moved to the edge of the curb, and stood staring helplessly at the car, his hands on his head. He began to pace, searching for a solution. Either that or he was trying to be manly and not cry. Nate loved the Red Devil. He wouldn’t want her to die.
Then Georgie let out a squeal. “Look!”
Nate looked up. A man from the service station across the road was struggling across the highway with a large red fire extinguisher in his arms. Being no bigger than an oversized Christmas elf and looking like he needed to go on a diet, the extinguisher was weighing him down considerably as he dodged the late night traffic.
The man stopped beside the open door of Nate’s car.
“Out of the way, young fella,” he said, shouldering Nate in the ribs as he lifted the nozzle of the extinguisher and began to spray with gusto. He’d clearly been waiting for the moment for his entire life.
The flames died down as foamy bubbles filled the cabin of the car and began to overflow onto the road. Nate looked on, terror taking over his face as the man continued to spray enthusiastically.
“The car looks like a giant marshmallow,” Nate said. “My new CD player’s gonna be ruined.”
Standing under the tree, which she’d now discovered was actually part of a very nice front garden; Georgie watched as her hopes of having sex for the first time washed down the gutter on a sea of white. “There’s no way we can get back in the car now.”
“Not unless we want a bubble bath. We’ll have to ring Dad.”
“Do we have to? Maybe it’ll be okay when it’s dry?”
The look Nate gave her told her it was time to stop talking.
This was really bad.
Suddenly, sex was as far from Georgie’s mind as the possibility that one day she’d turn thirty. The reaction her parents were going to have, however, when they found out that instead of sitting in the line to acquire Big Day Out tickets, she’d been on her way to a love tryst with Nate, was quite worrying. She was never going to be able to explain her way out of this one. They’d never allow her out of the house again, let alone in a car. She was going to be a virgin till forever. Her life would be over.




Chapter 9

“Here we are,” Nate said, pulling the car into Georgie’s parents’ driveway. “Safe and sound.”
Georgie unclipped her seatbelt and sat forward. A feeling of déjà vu swept over her, only this time she wasn’t necking in the front seat or getting in trouble for breaking her curfew. She was a grown up. And the house was empty. “Thanks so much for the lift. I hope I didn’t get your seats too wet.”
“They should be fine. I was only joking about the leather.”
Georgie opened the door and slipped a bootless foot onto the concrete of the drive. She paused, weighing up the options. Nate had driven all the way to Fremantle to see her. They’d chatted in the car on the drive home like they had when they were seventeen. Nothing had changed, the years apart hadn’t existed, they truly did belong together. If Georgie got out of the car now, the evening would be over and she had a feeling that, like her, Nate didn’t want it to be over. Now that they’d found each other again, they didn’t want to let go. They had to finish what they’d begun. She knew Nate wanted to. He had that look.
“Um. I’m going to have a shower and get changed. It’s only early do you want to come in for a coffee? Or a drink?”
Unmoving, Nate stared up at the porch light on the verandah.
Georgie sensed his apprehension. The last time he’d been here hadn’t exactly been filled with fond memories. She remembered the hurt and angry look on her mother’s face when she’d called him selfish and immature. She could see Nate now, standing under that light, the beam shining down on his mussed up hair and the tears streaming down both their faces, as they’d called quits on everything they’d ever had. It had been such a long time ago.
“My parents aren’t home, if that’s what you’re worried about. They went to a wedding in the Swan Valley. They’re staying overnight.”
Nate flicked the ignition off and pulled the keys out. “Let’s go.”
As they reached the top of the stairs and Georgie stopped to locate her keys, Nate stepped up behind her, putting a hand to her arm. His voice was low against her neck and Georgie quivered, a kaleidoscope of butterflies taking up residence in her stomach. It was just like the last time. Only this time she was older.
“Sure?” he asked.
Georgie turned. It may have been twelve years and a lifetime of events in the interim, but from the moment she’d seen him on the path, she’d known that one way or another, she would be with Nate again. If it was only for tonight, she’d be satisfied that a chapter of her life could finally close but if, by some crazy twist of fate, they ended up together, that would be awesome too. Either way, she was prepared.
“I’m sure,” she replied and led him into the house.
He closed the door behind them and they stood for a second, facing each other in the darkness. “This is really weird,” he whispered. “It’s like it’s…”
“…The first time again? Like we’re going back to the future?” Georgie finished.
Nate nodded.
Georgie wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Her lips reached up to meet his as she clung to him, pressing her body into his, never wanting to let go.
“I felt it too.  I can feel it now. But it won’t be anything like that.  It'll be much better.”
*****
Georgie had been grounded without an end-date after the fire-in-the-car episode. Her parents had been so disappointed by her behavior that leaving her to stew in her room for an indefinite period seemed the only choice. Well, at least until they came up with something better. Apart from the odd ten minutes late for curfew or being caught kissing in the car, Georgie had always been such a good girl. She was a model student. She always did as she was told. And because they’d never needed to punish her before Mr. and Mrs. Bird had no idea how to go about it. The only thing they did know was that Georgie should not be allowed to hang out with Nate. He, and his raging hormones, were clearly a bad influence.
The decision to keep Nate and Georgie separate was easier said than done however, and by the time exams were over and university entrance places submitted, the pair had devised numerous creative methods to get around the ban, be it at school, the library or even in the exam preparation classes. Nobody could stop them from sitting together there. As long as they were quiet and got on with their work, nobody gave a fig. The only thing they’d never been able to manage, however, was to lose their virginity and, while Nate could have his pick of the girls at school, he wanted nobody but Georgie. His Playboy collection, took an awful beating during those months. It was lucky to last the distance.
The weekend that Georgie was allowed from her prison for the first time coincided with her parent’s trip to Queensland. Georgie’s maiden aunt had bought herself a husband in Indonesia and was having not one, but two weddings — Muslim and Christian — to celebrate. Every adult in the family had been invited to see the woman nobody thought would ever marry walk down the aisle. Georgie was beside herself. She may have been exiled for the week to Jan and Jock’s, the family friends around the corner, but she had also been given permission to attend a small gathering to mark the end of the exams and her school career. When Mrs. Bird suggested that Georgie should also be in charge of feeding the cats and checking on the house each day, she jumped at the chance.  Another plan was forming in her head and it involved her, Nate, an empty house and a single bed. This time, they would have no fires or cars to contend with.
On the Saturday night of the party, Georgie had everything prepared. She’d walked the half block to home during the day and made her bed with fresh sheets. She’d put a scarf over her lamp to create mood lighting and she’d dug out the condoms and candles that she’d packed in her drawer months back, thinking she may need them some day. She felt a bit odd at having planned the event with such detail, right down to her knickers, but she wanted Nate to see how special this was for her and how much she loved him.
At ten p.m. that night, Georgie asked the host of the party if she could use the phone. Then she rang Jan, explaining she was going to help tidy up after the party but would be home by twelve — a very plausible excuse, she thought. With a hug of her girl friends, and the excuse she’d forgotten to feed the cats and had to do it before curfew, Georgie skipped out the door and down the road.
Nate was waiting on the verandah under the porch light. His big shoulders were silhouetted against the front door and it made Georgie shiver to think that very soon they would be in her bed together. She wasn’t nervous at all. Nate knew what he was doing and he would never hurt her.
Turning the key quietly in the lock, Georgie and Nate entered the house.
“I told them I forgot to feed the cat,” Georgie said, between kisses.
“What about Jan?”
“I said I was helping tidy up and would be home by twelve. We’ve got an hour or so.”
Spurred on by the thought that they were, at last, about to go where they’d never gone before, Georgie and Nate began to kiss earnestly. As Nate’s hands travelled into her shorts, her breath sped up in his ears and her chest heaved with it. As he kissed her bare neck and the spot behind her ear that made her quiver, Georgie put her fingers to his fly, and undid the buttons. Then she wobbled, one-footed, as Nate’s hands flew across her body, peeling her clothes away and sending the vase on the hallstand crashing to the floor.
“Shit,” Georgie giggled, as she stood, pressed against him in a puddle of china, wearing only the specially chosen underwear.
“Forget it. Nothing’s going to spoil it this time. Not even your Mum’s best vase.”
Nate lifted Georgie into his arms and carried her to the bedroom, avoiding bits of broken china as he went. He lay Georgie gently on the bed, staring at her as if worried she might break or disappear, or worse, change her mind. He reached over and flicked on the bedroom lamp. A soft pink glow filled the room from the scarf. This was the time. They were ready.
As Nate climbed onto the bed next to her, Georgie’s heart began to thump harder in her chest. His fingers traced her body. She felt the heat spread and she kissed him hard, shifting her bottom so he could remove her knickers. Now, Georgie was completely naked beside him. His erection was digging in to her leg.
“I love you, Nate. I’ll always love you.”
“I love you too, Georgie.” 
“Put a condom on.”
Nate did as he was told, breaking three before he managed to get one on. It wasn’t easy with Georgie all over him while he tried to work. At last, he lay down beside her again, pulling her eagerly towards him. He moved her hair aside and kissed her neck, then her jaw, her rosebud lips. His fingers played in tiny circles between her legs as he spoke dirty words in her ear.
“Now Nate,” Georgie urged. “We’ve waited so long. Do it now.”
Which, of course, was the cue for Samba, the family cat, to make a grand entrance, hop onto the end of the bed and relieve himself of a particularly troublesome fur ball. Right on Nate’s left foot.
“What the fuck?” Nate jumped up, shaking his foot. “Samba just threw up on me. Jesus, Georgie.”
But Georgie couldn’t do anything. She was too busy having a fit of giggles. Her eyes were watering she was laughing so hard.
“Stop laughing. It isn’t funny.” Nate grabbed a t-shirt from the floor and flopped down on the side of the bed, wiping his foot. He looked like he was going to vomit.
“It, sort of, is. Think about it… every time we get ready to do the deed, something goes wrong.”
“And you think that’s funny? I can’t take much more. There’s only so much wanking a guy can do.”
Georgie knew she’d gone too far. She shifted to her knees, draping her arms around his shoulders and kissing each one in turn. “Poor baby. I’ll fix it.”
She felt Nate’s body relax against her.
“How about you go and wash your foot? I’ll tidy up the sick and we can try again.”
She shuffled from the bed and picked up Samba, who looked most offended having settled himself for the night on an armchair in the corner.
“There’s no point, I think I’ve lost my mojo,” Nate whined, indicating his sudden limpness.
Georgie tossed the cat out the door and slammed it shut. Walking to the side of the bed, she knelt down before him. “I’m sure I can fix that, too. I’m very capable when I put my mind to it.”
So she did.




Chapter 10

Georgie lay beneath the jumble of covers in Nate’s arms, her breathing returning to normal. Beside the bed, a glow of lamplight revealed a pool of wet pirate clothing on the floor and a pair of jeans hooked over the bedpost. Snuggling into Nate’s side, she smiled, still unable to believe he was here. With her.
“Wow,” she said, thinking that the last hour had been possibly the most amazing experience she’d ever had and when she recouped the energy, she’d like to have it again.
“Yeah, wow.”
“When I said that was going to be better than the first time, I didn’t expect it to be that much better.”
Nate’s fingers combed lazily through the nest of tangles in Georgie’s hair. “I thought the first time was fairly ordinary actually. You’ve certainly lifted your game since we were in our teens.”
Georgie leant up on her elbow. “Are you saying I was crap?”
“No. But you’ve definitely improved.”
“So I was crap? If I remember rightly we got interrupted an awful lot when we were teenagers. I didn’t have a chance to be good. Anyway, I don’t remember you being that much of a stud back then.” She punched at the pillow, fluffing it up and pretending to be upset. Beside her, Nate gave a chuckle and lifted his arm to cradle the back of his head. From the corner of her eye, she saw him smile to himself.
“I had external factors to contend with,” he conceded.
“Excuses, excuses.”
“Georgie?”
“Hmm?”
“What happened to us? One minute we were in love, the next we were split up. It was so instant. I always thought we were forever. I felt like my life was over.”
“So did I. Plus, I had the added pressure of being pulled in two directions. I had no idea what was right. I wanted to be with you but I wanted to make everyone happy.”
Georgie recalled that last day like it was yesterday. Mum and Dad had been at one end of the hallway, Nate at the other. It was like a Mexican stand off without the sombreros. Nate had begged her to go with him, to travel the world for a year. Mum had said he was inconsiderate to ask Georgie to give up a chance at one of the best universities in the country. If he really loved her, he’d let her go.
Nate squeezed Georgie tighter. “I only wanted you to see there was more to life than doing what your parents wanted. You could have gone to Uni anywhere and done anything. You didn’t have to be tied to them. I never wanted to hurt you.”
“I think we hurt each other equally. But what choice did we have? I felt obligated to do as my parents wanted and you wouldn’t go to Melbourne with me because you wanted to see the world. The sad thing is I believed that doing what my parents wanted was the way to be happy and when I realized they were wrong, it was too late. I rang your house, you know, a couple of weeks after we split up. I wanted to tell you I’d changed my mind. Your mother said you’d left the day before.”
“I had a round the world ticket and a backpack. I had no idea where I’d end up. I just wanted it to be far enough away so I could forget you. But I never could, Georgie. I saw you on every street, in every bar. Every girl looked like you. Every beach reminded me of you.”
Now, Georgie was crying. Huge blobs of tears streamed down her cheeks, wetting Nate’s shoulder. “I tried to forget you too but, without you, all I wanted was to die. I didn’t eat. I didn’t sleep. I was a wreck.”
“Jesus, what did we do?”
“We listened to other people instead of listening to our hearts.”
Nate rolled over, his chest partially covering Georgie’s. He kissed the damp from her eyelashes. “What about now?”
“You mean, is it too late for us?”
In the past twelve years, she’d done everything she could to make her parents proud. They’d been devastated after she swapped her vet science degree for something with ‘no job prospects’ but she’d proven to them that she could have a successful career. When she’d become engaged to Matt, who’d charmed everyone including grumpy old Samba, her parents had been over the moon because she was going to have the kind of life every girl should have, with a perfect marriage and a career. They’d even called him, ‘Son.’ 
So what about now? She’d dumped her boyfriend, tossed her job and sold her house. She had nothing but, clearly, that perfect life was not the life she needed. Was this a sign? Maybe fate had dealt her this hand because it was getting ready to bring Nate back into her life.
“Would you like to try again?” Nate whispered.
“I don’t know.”
He leant up on his elbow, his solemn gaze so like the one she’d seen all those years ago in the wardrobe, when he’d proposed to her. “Come with me to South Africa. I have work to do for a few weeks and then I’m off to Mongolia. Wouldn’t you like to see Mongolia and China?”
Mindful that she didn’t have an income and only a small amount of savings Georgie balked.
“I have plenty enough for both of us,” Nate reminded her. “Let’s travel, see the things we always wanted to see and if at the end, you want to come back and get a ‘normal’ job we’ll do that too. I’ve been on the road for a long time, Georgie. I’m ready to stop. I want to be with you. It’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
Georgie lifted her hand to graze the side of Nate’s face. A glimmer of hope twinkled in his eyes as he waited for her answer. A tingle of anticipation, sparked in her hand, sprinted its way up her arm and exploded through her body. Her stomach, far from being in knots, was filled with that thrill she used to get when she and Nate headed to the beach for the day and saw an awesome set of waves. She used to get so amped at that. If she did this, it would be up there with her most impulsive acts ever — apart from sleeping with Nate ten hours after meeting him again, of course. That would rank as number one for a very long time.
“Our surfboards are still in the garage,” she said. “We can take them with us.”
“As long as you promise not to show off doing aerials. You make me look bad.”
“What do you mean?”
“Come on, I know you used to pull back for me. You could surf rings around Taj Burrow.”
“It’s because I loved you, Nate. I’ve always loved you.”
“So kiss me like you did when we were eight, and promise you’ll be mine forever.”
Georgie placed a chaste kiss on his lips. “I always have been. Since that day we got married in the closet.”

THE END



Did you enjoy this story? Why not sign up to Lindy’s email list where you can receive updates and information on new releases PLUS another FREE read as a thank you.
CLICK HERE

