
Second Time Around  Series
Book 1


Sauce for the Goose



D. A. Featherling



SmashWords Edition

Copyright © 2013 D. A. Featherling
All rights reserved.
ISBN-10:1482763532
ISBN-13: 978-1482763539



DEDICATION


To Peggy

Thanks for your faithfulness — to believe, to encourage, and to advise



ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


Thanks to critique partners, Lin Harris for technical help, Kate Hinke for copy editing, and to Merle Derton for loving the story. Most of all, thanks to the Lord Jesus Christ, without Whom it would never have been written.



Everyone needs a second chance for love. This series offers it to women who have gone through divorce, widowhood, a broken engagement, or simply a wrong relationship of some kind that was, or had to be, terminated.

May they each find true love the “Second Time Around.”



 “What’s sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.”
Variation, Aesop’s Fables, 1610 A.D.



Prologue
Fifteen years. I’ll give it fifteen years. Ross will almost be out of college and on his own. If I happen to meet a man we can love during that time, I’ll think about marriage. If not, I’ll wait fifteen years to look for a husband.
She made the silent vow with full understanding of her pledge.
Laurel watched her sleeping son. Love filled her heart and she dropped a light kiss on top of his head.
“You’re number one with me, Ross.” She squeezed his forearm. “Now and for a long time to come.”



Chapter 1
“So what did you wish for when you blew out your candles?” His mischievous grin told me my son had a zinger ready for my response. Sometimes I wondered if Ross were really twenty-two years old, or only a ten-year-old in an adult suit.
“Ah, that would be telling!” I tried to assume a mysterious expression. Ross loved to tease, and after years of allowing him to do so, I knew the expected repartee. In reality, I hadn’t had anything in mind as I blew out the candles.
To keep from starting a fire, as well as to cope with the demoralizing effect forty-four lit candles would have on me, I’d chosen those green and white numbers with a wick. Still, the double fours caused a momentary panic on my part. Fifty wasn’t that far away.
“C’mon. You can tell your number one man.”
He wouldn’t stop unless I said something. I open my mouth and blurted. “I wished for a husband.”
The minute the words popped out of my mouth, I cringed.
Ross’s mouth dropped open. He tried to speak, gulped once, swallowed, tried again. “A husband! Are you serious?” A series of emotions, not really identifiable, flitted across his face.
Bad mistake. A kaleidoscope of images flashed through my mind. The divorce court judge pounding the gavel dissolving my marriage to an unfaithful and unrepentant husband. My ex-husband telling me he was leaving the state for good. Ross’s face when I tried to explain why daddy wasn’t around anymore.
More memories blazed through my now alert brain. Ross erupting from his chair fifteen years ago, circling the table and clinging to me, limpet-like, so I’d cancelled my date and determined to devote my life to Ross until he was grown. 
The few guys I’d dated over the years were no threat since none of them clicked with Ross and me.
But my vow not to get serious about a man would be over on my next birthday. If I expected to have someone to share my life, I’d need to meet him soon. The problems were—who and how?
The rest of the evening passed in a blur. I must have made the right responses because my son didn’t say anything about my diminishing mental faculties, which he would have if I’d completely blown it. Still, in the back of my brain, the refrain rang in my mind— “A husband. A husband.”
There’d be major soul searching tonight after Ross went home. Not that I didn’t love my son and enjoy his company. Since he was now an almost-graduated-from-college adult, sharing an apartment, I’d found his new maturity sometimes expressed itself in ways I didn’t always appreciate.
Like later when he got ready to leave.
“Gotta be going. I have a test Monday and I need to study. Take care of yourself now you’re getting older. Watch your driving and where you step. Don’t want you to break a leg.” His snicker grated.
“I know. I know. You’d have to shoot me.” I forced a chuckle. “I’ll try to keep my aging bones in their proper places.” I hugged him back. “Take care.”
We walked to the front door.
“By the way,” Ross paused before he left. “If you’re really ready to think about a husband, I know a couple of nice men at school—”
I restrained a shudder. Oh, great! Not what I needed. My son getting me dates. I could imagine the types he knew on campus.
“I think I can manage on my own.” I tried for a pleasant expression which probably came off more grimace.
“You never listen to me, Mom. Remember? I’m grown up now.”
Maybe there was a small bit of truth to his complaint. Not enough I’d relent about the issue.
“I’ll keep it in mind.” I pushed him out the door and waved. “Thanks for coming and celebrating with me. Talk to you later.”
He shrugged and waved back. “Just trying to help. See you.”
Closing the door, I leaned against it for a minute. The last thing I’d do was let my son find me a date, much less a mate. On the other hand—where in the world would I find a man I wanted to spend the rest of my life with? Major thinking required to figure it out!
****
My speculations proved unproductive. Rather than focusing on how best to find eligible men, excluding those at church—another whole topic—my mind kept veering off into other areas of my life.
Did I really have time for a major man search? After all, there was my mother, a.k.a. the Bus Queen, who still acted independent and feisty, yet was at a dangerous stage in her life.
She was physically well enough to go and do, although she resented any suggestions she might need to slow down and take life a little easier. Instead, she sometimes did what I considered harebrained things.
As a member of the sandwich generation—one of those people with both children and parents as responsibilities and us in the middle—I needed to keep up with her and Ross. Talk about being pulled two ways.
Besides the Bus Queen, it was just Ross and me. I was immensely proud of him. He’d always been a good-looking kid, if I did say so myself. Took more after me than his father, of course.
Ross now stood six feet two inches tall and weighed 200 pounds—most of it muscle. Since he tended to have his mother’s fondness for good food, he, too, would have to watch his weight in a few more years.
Ross’s brown hair still curled slightly and his eyes were a couple of shades darker than said curly locks.
A good student, he’d majored in computer science, and was about to graduate and take a job with a local high-tech company recently recruiting on campus.
My mind flitted to my own physical assets. I was often told I look at least ten years younger than my actual age. My strawberry blonde hair, cut in a short pageboy, was my own hair, just not the original color God gave me. 
My blue eyes—also originals—held a sparkle, while my five feet seven inches needed to lose five pounds. Okay, ten pounds. Not drop-dead gorgeous to where I paralyzed men in the checkout line at the grocery, yet I wasn’t ugly since guys still flirted with me on occasion.
I was a member in good standing of the Pine Tree Community Church and its Singles II Department. 
All right, technically I should have been in Singles III, except they were a boring bunch of old fogies whose most exciting life event was getting the annual renewal for their AARP membership. I was too young to belong to AARP and intended to avoid it as long as possible.
Ross was active in the Singles I Department of the aforementioned Pine Tree Community Church, and, yes, it’s sometimes a bit awkward to have a son in the same church department. 
However, since the singles’ classes don’t fellowship together except once a quarter, we socialize jointly only four times a year. At those, if he needs to speak to me, he uses my first name. Sounded a little weird the first few times, nonetheless, it works.
I knew one of these days, when he moved to Singles II, I’d be forced to go into Singles III. Hopefully, before it happened, he’d get married or I would, and one of us could establish our career ladder in the married adults’ department and leave the singles to the other.
Even if my own pathway to matrimony wasn’t yet clear, it appeared Ross might be ready to make the departmental jump when he rang the doorbell several Saturdays later. 
Not expecting him, I yawned a bit since he’d awakened me from my weekend beauty nap.
“Hi, Mom.” He deposited a perfunctory kiss on my forehead and breezed in. I trailed him into the living room.
“How are you?” I received a hug. “Am I interrupting anything?” He gave the room a quick scan, as if he expected me to be in the middle of a romantic tryst or a huge party. He gave me too much credit.
“Hello, Ross.” I yawned, then yawned again. “I’m catching thirty winks.”
“Thirty winks? I thought that was forty winks.”
“It would have been if you hadn’t shown up.”
“Sorry. Didn’t mean to mess up your Saturday afternoon snooze.”
He moved past me and plopped into an overstuffed blue chair. I sank back into my recliner and tilted up the footrest, its metallic clink sounding loud.
He sat forward in his chair, scrutinized the floor.
Uh, oh. His pre-guilt-admission posture. The one he assumed before he dropped such statements as “I broke Mr. Peterson’s window playing ball,” or “I signed up for four years in the Army with duty in an igloo in the Arctic.”
I gripped the arms of my chair and didn’t breathe for a few seconds.
He looked up and gave a charming, crooked smile. Enough to melt any female heart, whether 5 or 105.
“I have a surprise, Mom.”
I gripped harder. “Oh?” I managed to grind out the word between my teeth. The back of my neck prickled with apprehension.
“Yeah. I wanted you to be the first to know. Sandy and I are getting married.”
“Married?” I released my death grip on the chair and slammed the footrest back into its recliner base. “Who in the world is Sandy? Besides, you can’t. You’re a baby!”
“I’m not a baby anymore. I’m twenty-two years old. You remember Sandy. She’s the girl I met at the grocery store a couple of weeks ago. I told you.”
I thought hard. Two weeks ago. Grocery store. He told me? I ran it through my memory cells and still drew a blank. “Uh, I don’t think you ever mentioned her.”
“Oh, well, maybe not.” His eyes grew reflective and he leaned back, hands behind his head. “She’s the coolest. You’re going to love her.”
“I—I’m sure I—certainly hope so.” Alarms sounded in my brain. “Two weeks? That’s all you’ve known her? That isn’t very long.”
“True love doesn’t take long.” Ross heaved a dramatic sigh.
Unfortunately, sometimes the boy took a little too much after his mother.
He leaned forward, big brown eyes aglow.
“I want you to meet her, Mom. You two need to get to know each other and you can welcome her into the family.”
“Welcome her. Right.” I struggled to respond in a normal manner, although my thought processes refused to function. What kind of girl could he meet and want to marry after only two weeks? I needed more information.
I figured I might as well ask the big “C” question first. “Is she a Christian, Ross?”
“I think so. We really haven’t talked about it. She’s into seeking the truth. We’ve spent most of our time experiencing each other.”
Big time fear struck my heart. “Experiencing—exactly what does that involve?” I waited for the sword to fall.
“Oh, Mom, not what you’re thinking. I wouldn’t do that.”
I exhaled in relief. So, they hadn’t done that. “Would you care to explain ‘experiencing’?”
“You know, talking until the wee hours, walking through the mall holding hands, sharing a soda. Stuff they did in the old days when you were a girl.”
I gave him a dirty look he either didn’t see or ignored. “How romantic.” My sarcasm should have penetrated his mental fog. It didn’t make a dent.
“Yeah, it’s been romantic, Mom. Sandy’s the romantic type. I guess I am, too.” He heaved another sigh.
I tried not to gag. “So, what’s this about a wedding? What’s the rush?”
“You know. The feelings two people have for each other when they want to spend the rest of their lives together. When it’s so right it can’t be wrong.”
Thinking he sounded like a leftover from a fifties’ moldy oldie, I tried to decide how to handle the situation. I cleared my throat. “Well, I hope you’ll take it slow, Ross. After all, you might think differently in a couple more weeks.”
I certainly hoped so. The longest he’d ever dated anybody up to today was three consecutive weeks. He’d been more involved with other activities. To me, he seemed pretty new to the dating thing, let alone ready to jump into marriage.
“Does she work?” I figured I’d better get the lowdown while he was in a mellow mood. The kid could go tight-lipped faster than anybody I’d ever known, except maybe his father.
“I told you. She works. Everybody works.”
“At?”
“Different things. Since she’s trying to experience life in its fullness, she has to change jobs a lot. Right now she’s a checker at the grocery store. Worked her way up from stocker in only two months. They’ve got her on the express lane now. Only the best checkers are on the express lanes. 
“She says she can’t believe she’s still working at the same place for such a long time.” He shook his head, a sappy expression on his face. “I’m sure glad she stayed.”
My protective motherly instincts pulsated. How much of life did she plan to experience, and how full did she intend for it to be? I swallowed hard. “So will she be quitting soon and going elsewhere?” I tried to sound as nonchalant and non-judgmental as possible.
“Oh, no. She’s decided to become a store manager. Since she doesn’t have a college degree, it’ll take a few years with the right breaks. Unless, of course, she gets married and has a family first. She’ll probably become a stay-at-home mom then.”
His smirk made it quite clear he planned to put her into such a category as soon as humanly possible.
“I really want you to meet her.”
My heart sank. “We’ll plan to get together sometime before long.” Maybe two months from now when he’d forgotten her and gone on to a new romance or a new hobby.
“I want it to be soon. Sandy’s dying to meet you.”
That could probably be arranged. I mentally slapped myself. “How nice. Well, how about in two or three weeks?”
“Why not before?”
I thought quickly. “I have some, uh, personal social plans over the next few weeks.”
“Oh, yeah? Big doings in the Singles II Department? I haven’t heard anything.”
“No. No, it’s not the Singles’ group. These are private plans.”
“One of your old boyfriends, eh? Guess I should start worrying about you getting married. Since you’re husband hunting.” He cackled with glee.
“Why would you worry? Don’t you want me to grow old with somebody besides you?”
He looked startled. “Sure. I mean, yeah, you need somebody your own age, especially since I don’t plan to get old for a long, long time.”
Neither did I. “Well—”
Ross leaned forward. “You’ve gotta be careful, Mom. There are a lot of flaky guys out there. You don’t realize it since you never go anywhere except church.”
Well! How stodgy did he think I was? Never went anywhere except church! I tried to ignore the little voice in the back of my brain saying “We-e-ll. . .”
“Tell you what. Let me fix you up with somebody, so we’ll know he’s okay.”
In a pig’s eye! Besides, how did we get off the subject of his new love? Maybe I’d better discuss it instead of my own love life—or lack thereof. “Let’s go ahead and set a date, Ross.”
He looked blank.
“For you to bring Sandy over.” I tried to sound patient, not patronizing. Fastest way in the world to lose him would be to patronize.
“Right. That’s fine. When?”
“How about Thursday night? You don’t have classes Friday morning, do you?”
“Nope. Thursday’s fine. I’ll check with Sandy. I imagine it’ll be okay.”
Not in my lifetime. If what he’d told me about the girl proved true, okay would be the last word I’d use to describe her or their relationship.
My mind went into overdrive. Perhaps I could use the occasion to show Ross, and Sandy, how big a gap there was between them. Hmmm.
“Come for dinner.” I blurted out the words.
“You’re going to cook?”
“Of course I’ll cook. Do you think I’ve forgotten how?”
“Naw. It’s just you don’t do it often. Keep it simple. You know me. I’ll eat anything.”
So much for concern about his beloved. Good. Maybe it would be the beginning of the end of their relationship. It better be! I hated to think about what I might be forced to do to protect my son from the wrong girl.



Chapter 2
Thursday night I ran my hands down my navy linen slacks in response to the ring of the doorbell. Swallowing past the lump in my throat, I forced a big smile and opened the door. My vision blurred as I tried to stop the wild beating of my heart.
“Hi! Come on in.” The gaiety and welcome in my voice were as phony as the exact shade of my newly-tinted coiffure.
Ross led a girl into the foyer. A girl with short, dirty-blonde hair gelled into three or four spikes on top of her head. Drooping around her slender figure were baggy shorts and a faded T-shirt of an unidentifiable color. Wary blue eyes examined me as thoroughly as a USDA inspector scrutinizing a suspicious side of beef.
“You must be Sandy.” I tried to sound welcoming, sincere and casual at the same time. I failed at all three and it came out somewhere between high-pitched and nervous.
Years of greeting visitors at church services caused me to automatically extend my hand.
“Yeah.” She reached forward and touched the tips of my fingers.
I tried not to shudder as the cold chill from her skin struck to my very core. “I’m Laurel. Please, come in and sit down. Dinner’ll be ready in a few minutes.” I turned to Ross, standing silently to one side. “Hi, dear.”
He leaned forward and planted a kiss on my cheek. “Hi, Mom. Don’t you love her?” The mega-beam he directed toward his daughter-in-law-offering would have made Rockefeller Center at Christmas look dim.
“Now, Ross.” I forced a chuckle. “Don’t embarrass us.” I turned toward the living room before he could say anything else to which I didn’t want to respond. “Have a seat. Make yourselves at home.” I waved in the general direction of the sofa and chairs.
Ross and Sandy chose to sit side by side on the overstuffed sofa. Resisting the impulse to sink into the familiar embrace of my recliner, I chose a straighter chair to force me to be on the alert. It already contained the earmarks of a disastrous evening.
Sandy and I stared at each other, measuring one another in the silent way no male would ever comprehend. I braced myself. I refused to let a twenty-something girl shake my manners or my poise.
“Ross has told me a lot about you, Sandy. You sound as if you’re a young lady who knows what she wants and where she’s going.”
“Yeah.”
Was it the only word she knew? I tried again. “Tell me about your college plans. Ross said you want to go to college and get your degree?”
“Yeah. Maybe. Someday.”
Great. We’d escalated to groups of words. At the present rate, I might get an entire sentence out of her by the end of the evening. I flushed. Shame on me! The poor girl was probably as nervous and uncomfortable as I.
Directing a “girls against the men” conspiratorial glance toward her, I forged on. “You know how these men are, never giving us the details!” My humor sounded fake in my own ears. In fact, I couldn’t ever remember uttering so many little laughs in such a short time span. 
This needed to stop. I was the hostess. I was the adult and it was my son she was trying to snag.
Sending up a swift prayer for strength and patience, I cut to the chase. “Ross tells me you two are thinking about serious, long-term plans.” It was all I could do to force the sentence past my dry lips.
“Yeah. Maybe. He wants to.”
Wow. Five words.
“What do you want?”
She turned and looked at Ross. A sudden smile added warmth and a great deal of charm to her slender face. I groaned inwardly. There might be more of a battle than I’d thought.
“I guess I want what he wants.”
Seven words!
“Well, we’ll chat more later.” I jumped up and almost tripped with the sudden forward motion. “Why don’t we have dinner now? We can get to know each other while we eat.”
Ross stood. You never needed to offer food twice to him. He reached down and pulled Sandy to her feet. “Let’s go, babe. Mom’s a great cook.”
Babe! Yuck! Pretending not to have heard, I led the way to the dining room, conscious of an unworthy feeling of satisfaction. If the meal didn’t showcase our differences, nothing would. Intimidation could be an effective tactic.
Candlelight pierced the room with bright exclamation points. It reflected off the polished surface of the graceful cherry wood table gleaming through the cutouts in the white crocheted tablecloth. 
A low bouquet of fresh flowers (the special of the week from the grocery rearranged in one of my own cut glass bowls) provided a centerpiece.
Ivory china and gold-plated utensils contributed to an ambience of elegance. Each plate held a carefully folded fan-shaped gold damask napkin.
“Wow.” Ross’s low comment soothed something ragged and fierce inside me.
A small shiver of guilt washed over me as I looked back at Sandy with her baggy outfit and spiky hair.
The candlelight winked a reflection from a stud implanted in one side of her nose. Oh, no! I’d missed seeing it earlier.
“Please, sit anywhere. I’ll get the salads.” I wheeled and marched toward the kitchen. Never! Never! No pierced, spiked female would ever become my daughter-in-law. 
I began to understand homicidal impulses as I banged salad plates onto a tray before heading back to the sacrificial table.
“Here we are.” I couldn’t believe how cheerful I sounded. Ross started to stand. “No, no, Ross. Don’t get up. We’re informal tonight.”
A raised eyebrow from him questioned my obvious misstatement. I avoided his eyes as guilt did a second number on me.
Placing the emptied tray on the sideboard, I resumed my seat and picked up my napkin. “Shall we say grace?” I bowed my head without waiting to see if anyone else followed suit. 
“Lord, we thank You for Your ever generous provision for us and we ask You to bless the food to the nourishment of our bodies. In Jesus name, Amen.”
I raised my head quickly. I wanted to see Sandy’s reaction to the religious note introduced. To my surprise, she raised her bowed head, a softer look on her face. Or maybe it was the flickering candlelight causing her to appear more normal.
The next forty-five minutes were a nightmare. My superb beef Stroganoff sent off a tantalizing aroma as I placed plates in front of my guests. 
Sandy shrank back, an anguished look on her face. “Oh, no!”
What? Had a gnat gotten on her plate?
She pushed the portion aside with a moue of distress. “I never eat flesh.”
Never ate flesh? What was I offering? Raw meat?
“It’s only beef Stroganoff.”
“Yum.” Ross chimed in. “Mom’s is the best.”
Sandy’s cheeks paled. “Sorry. Guess Ross forgot to tell you. I’m a vegan.”
A vegetarian? Oh, no. How could Ross forget something so important? Especially when he brought the girl to dinner.
I snatched the plate away from her as she obviously held her breath to avoid the distasteful odor wafting toward her nostrils.
“I’ll scramble you eggs or something.”
Sandy gave me a mournful look. “I don’t eat eggs, either. The vegetables will be fine. I’ve already had salad.”
At least I’d done something right. I took her plate to the kitchen and proceeded to heap extra-large helpings of veggies onto a clean plate. There were rolls on the table. She wouldn’t starve. 
Not the best scenario, however, for someone trying to play perfect hostess and gracious mother.
The crème brûlée dessert met with no arguments from either guest. They both cleaned their bowls and accepted seconds. I was a little surprised Sandy didn’t question the fact the dessert contained eggs and milk. Perhaps her culinary knowledge wasn’t too profound.
Needless to say, I had trouble choking down my own meal as I tried to carry on a conversation with someone with no communications skills. 
Or at least that’s what I thought until I realized she and Ross were communicating very well indeed on a non-verbal level by glances with a little bit of body language thrown in. This would never do.
Halfway through the dessert, Sandy thawed when I introduced the topic of the weather. Not exactly scintillating conversation, but it did reveal one of her favorite causes—the environment.
She astounded me with her knowledge of the issues of the day on the subject, sparkling with animation as she talked.
She gave me a different picture of her and I saw what must have attracted Ross in the first place. She might be pierced and spiked, and for all I knew tattooed somewhere as well. When interested in a subject though, she could talk, and talk with intelligence.
I continued to poke down my dessert, drank and swallowed, gave the occasional weak nod and tried to appear interested.
She followed the environment with her other major interest, save the animals. Now I am as concerned as the next person with saving the animals and the environment. I believe they’re a gift from God and He has entrusted us with their stewardship. However, I am NOT a fanatic. 
It took only a few minutes to realize my Oh-God-please-please-don’t-let-it-happen-candidate for daughter-in-lawhood definitely fit the fanatic category.
On the positive side, saving the whales, the seals, and several hitherto unknown species of spiders got us through dinner and her monologue carried us back to the living room.
Satisfaction painted Ross’s face as he looked first at his animated fiancée and back to me. I knew he was thinking we were hitting it off in a great way. Inside, my stomach and my heart warred with each other with the crème brûlée serving as the punching bag. A congealed punching bag.
The longer she talked, the more difficult it became to pretend interest. After twenty or thirty more minutes, Ross’s eyes began to glaze over and I knew mine must look the same. The moment Sandy paused for a breath I jumped in.
“So, do you two want to play a game or something? Or do we want to sit and talk?” My shallow laugh rang out again. Sandy didn’t seem to notice. She opened her mouth, ready to resume her monologue.
Thank goodness, Ross interrupted. Making a great thing out of consulting his watch, he managed a surprised look. “My, look at the time. Guess we’d better run, babe. You’ve got to work tomorrow.”
Sandy sank back into her original obscurity, stood obediently, and waited to be given her next command.
I couldn’t believe the difference. The attractive, lively young woman who had dominated the conversation for the past hour again became dull, drab, and uninteresting. Even the reflection off her nose stud dimmed.
Ross grabbed her hand and walked her around the coffee table toward the door.
I stood. He reached out as he passed me and gave me a hug. “Great dinner. I’d forgotten what a good cook you are.”
I glared at him but didn’t attempt to stop them or engage in any repartee. “I’m glad you could come.” My purring tone sounded positively feline. “It was nice meeting you, Sandy. Sorry about the dietary mix-up.” I shot an accusing look at Ross, who ignored it.
“No problem.”
Now we’d regressed to two words. Ross better hurry up and get her out of here before we were all reduced to grunts.
I closed the door behind them with a minimum of the force I wanted to use and leaned against it for support. A fast review of the entire evening played through my mind. I focused on the table full of dirty dishes. The countertops in the kitchen contained many more.
The next two hours kept my hands in soapsuds and my tears flowing. I needed to come up with a plan to absolutely, definitely stop the relationship. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be responsible for what I might do.
****
By the middle of the next week, I’d replayed Saturday night in my mind so many times I was sick of it. If only Sandy had been the total dud she originally appeared to be. 
However, even my prejudiced eyes could see the girl showed a great deal of charm and personality at times. A deadly combination where a susceptible male was concerned and Ross certainly seemed smitten enough to qualify as susceptible.
I must do something and quick. I doubted if I could simply break them up. It would be necessary, instead, to negotiate a truce, if possible. 
Perhaps if I started dating someone Ross considered detestable, he’d be willing to drop Sandy if I’d drop whomever. I mean, how much in love could Ross truly be after only a couple of weeks? 
Yes. That would be my approach. I’d start dating ineligible guys and try to broker a deal with Ross about his own love life.
Come to think of it, there was one guy I knew Ross detested back in my younger days. I’d seen Tony Caruthers at a distance in the mall a couple of weeks before. He hadn’t seen me, but I’d spotted him. 
Since he was a relic of my pre-Christian days, I figured it better to leave the past in the past and didn’t call myself to his attention. Now, however, he might be a lifesaver.
Perhaps people would think me heartless and selfish. But anybody who’s ever been a mother or plans to be one understands it was about my son, not about me. 
I genuinely hoped Ross would marry one day. I wanted to play mother of the groom at a big church wedding. I wouldn’t mind having a daughter-in-law I could love, cherish, and go shopping with. 
She did have to be a Christian – a believer. Someone with whom he would at least have a fighting chance to make the marriage work.
Of course, my old relationship with Tony Caruthers might prove impossible to revive. For one thing, I hadn’t a clue as to his present status–single, married, divorced, living in my hometown, in town on business, or whatever.
If he didn’t live here, how in the world could I find him? I needed him–and fast–so he could help me focus my son’s attention away from Sandy.
In fact, several males vying for my affections wouldn’t be a bad idea. If I could remember old boyfriends and enlist them in the order in which Ross originally detested them, I might be able to worry him enough so he’d be willing to negotiate with me right away on ending our mutual romances.
By the next morning, I’d come up with only three names. Guys Ross really used to worry I’d marry. If they were still available and cooperative, as Sherlock said, “the game would be afoot,” and Sandy, the lurking bride-to-be, would soon fade into Ross’s distant memory.
First things first. Tony Caruthers needed to be found, the other guys lined up. How to proceed? Too lazy to go in the other room and boot up the computer, a jingle floated through my head. “Let your fingers do the walking.” The telephone book. Of course. 
I pulled the residential listings from the shelf and turned to the C’s. Caldwell, Campbell, Caruthers. Rats! No Tony. Wait! Wasn’t Tony short for Anthony? Triumphant, I ran my finger back up the listings. Double rats. No Anthony either. Maybe he used only an initial.
After re-checking the possibilities, I slammed the book shut. He didn’t live in town, or, if he did, he had an unlisted number. Nibbling on the tip of a fingernail, I considered second options.
His job. He’d worked for a national company and been headquartered in Houston. Maybe he still was. Hmmm. Since I’d seen him at the mall a few weeks ago, he must at least travel through here from time to time.
I flipped to the Insurance-Automobile section. It took several scans before I found a half-page ad for the insurance company. Dialing the toll-free number, I waited for someone to answer.
Silly me! Of course, the first thing I got was a voice mail menu. With more patience than I normally showed, I worked my way down into the subterranean levels of their system. 
Several minutes later, the cheerful recording offered me a chance to talk to a real person. I stabbed the zero before the disembodied voice could change its mind.
“Customer Service, this is Janie. How can I help you?”
“Janie, this is…” I searched frantically for an alias. “This is Louise—” My mind went blank. A last name. I needed a last name. 
My gaze fell on the kitchen counter where an unwashed pan awaited me. “Pot, I mean, Potter. This is Louise Potter. I’m trying to find one of your insurance adjusters.”
“I’m in Customer Service, Ms. Potter. I don’t know anything about adjusters. You’d have to inquire through Claims. Shall I transfer you?”
“Yes. No. Really, I want to talk to an actual person, not a voice mail menu, Janie. Can’t you look in your computer or something for me and see if you’ve got my, uh, adjuster on your list?”
A long silence. “We’re not supposed to do that. It takes too much time.”
“Oh, and ordinarily I wouldn’t ask you to, dear. He said my car would never be the same after the hail damage, though, and since I can’t open the driver’s side door because of the dents—well, I really must talk to him. He seemed like such a nice young man.” 
The fabrication flowed out with alarming ease.
I dropped into an old lady whine. “I’m truly desperate, Janie.” I gave a little sob. A nice touch of drama oozing sincerity.
Her voice softened. “I’m sorry.” Another pause. “I guess it would be all right this once. What’s the name of the adjuster you’re looking for?”
“His name is Caruthers. Tony Caruthers.”
“Can you spell that?”
I could and did.
“Hold a minute.”
The sound of clicking computer keys was overlaid by her heavy nasal breathing.
“Here he is. Tony Caruthers. Headquartered in Houston.”
Yes! I high-fived the air.
“Do you show a telephone number for Mr. Caruthers, Janie?” I allowed my voice to quiver again. “Really a nice young man. Very helpful.”
“Sure.” She reeled off a ten-digit number without pausing for breath.
“Those last two numbers again?”
“Four, five.”
“You have been such a help, Janie. Bless you. Have a nice day.” I depressed the switch hook in the middle of her “and thank you for calling—” routine.
Leaning back, I gloated over my good fortune. So, Tony Caruthers still traveled and now I possessed his direct line in Houston. I wondered if he were still divorced. I hoped so. Not to be unkind, but I needed him.
I dialed Tony’s number. I entertained no hard feelings toward the man. He’d been a good host, took me to the best places to eat, and frequently included Ross in the party for dinner. I realized I hadn’t enjoyed such a succession of good steaks since.
Voice mail kicked in. “This is Tony Caruthers. I can’t take your call right now. Leave your name, number, and a brief message and I will call you back as soon as possible. You take care now, you hear?”
“Tony, it’s Laurel. Laurel Edmonds. Do you remember me? I would love to talk to you.” I rattled off my number, repeated it more slowly. I didn’t want to make it difficult for him to return the call.
Hanging up, I leaned back, hands behind my head and allowed my mind to reassess Tony Caruthers.
Yes, he’d be perfect for my plan. Ross detested Tony more than most of my other boyfriends. Probably because Tony really seemed to enjoy him–and me. 
I grinned. It would be strange to hear his voice again. I hoped I could resurrect the past so Tony would give me some much-needed assistance in the present.
****
The telephone rang. I scowled. Bad timing. I laid down the nail polish brush and tried to pick up the receiver with the flat tips of my fingers without letting them touch each other. Quite a trick. I fumbled a couple of times before I succeeded without smearing the base coat.
“Hello?”
“Laurel? Laurel Edmonds?”
There was no mistaking the voice.
“Tony! Tony Caruthers. After such a long time.”
A silence fell. I could sense uneasiness on the other end of the line.
I took charge. “Tony. How have you been? What are you doing these days?”
“Working away adjusting insurance claims. I was surprised to hear from you, Laurel. I was under the impression you didn’t particularly want to talk to me or see me again.”
I forced a laugh. “Why, Tony. Whatever gave you such an idea?”
“I suppose what you said the last time I saw you. When you shoved me out the door and told me not ever to come back.”
Another laugh. “Well, you know how we ladies are, Tony. Always changing our minds.”
His tone of voice went from icy to smoldering in an instant. “So, how’ve you been, Laurel? Still as beautiful as ever?”
I could picture the half-closed blue eyes and the smile on the shapely lips. Tony was now in his element – the verbal game at which he was adept.
I didn’t want to play. A little voice reminded me, “You need his assistance. At least for a while.” I reminded myself it was for my son and took a deep breath. 
“I’m 15 years older, Tony. As are you.” I couldn’t resist the little jab.
“Those years have been very kind to you, I’m sure. What’s going on in your life? Are you working? Do you have a husband and more family now?”
“No.” I didn’t intend to be abrupt, but I needed to take control. Tony loved long telephone conversations. 
I often wondered how he found time to attend to his insurance business, but he managed to win award after award. 
I didn’t want him to take the time to make all of his old moves before we got down to the reason for my call.
“I was wondering, Tony, if you’re going to be in town anytime soon. I thought I saw you at the mall the other day.”
“Funny you should call, Laurel. I’m actually in town right now. And very much hoping you can have dinner with me tonight.” 
His voice throbbed with yearning. Another Tony talent.
“Tonight? Perfect.”
Silence.
He gave a short, hesitant laugh. “My, you sound different, Laurel. You’ve become quite business-like.”
I’d better watch it. I needed him in a good mood where I could make my pitch for his help. 
“Sorry, Tony, it’s been a difficult day.”
“No problem. You probably need to be pampered a little.”
He would think himself the man to do it, too. “That’s not impossible, I suppose. Dinner sounds fine, Tony. What time and where?”
“What’s your address? I’ll pick you up at seven.”
“Let me meet you, Tony. I need to run a couple of errands later and I’ll want my own car.” 
Might as well set the boundaries in advance.
He hesitated only a moment. “Of course. Why not meet me at Pietro’s downtown? You prefer Italian food, if I remember correctly.” His voice caressed.
Hmmm. This might be trickier than I’d thought. “You remember correctly. I’ll see you at seven. Bye.” 
I hung up the phone before he could respond.
I really hoped my plan would work and I wouldn’t get into difficult territory where I didn’t want to go. 
Maybe if we sat in a booth with lots of bench space or at a table for four, I could make sure we conducted the business at hand rather than repelling unwanted advances. 
Yep. Things could get a little sticky.



Chapter 3
On the stroke of seven, I walked into Pietro’s. I’d been there a couple of times with friends for lunch but tonight was my first evening visit.
I’d searched for quite a while to find the proper outfit. Still I thought I’d succeeded fairly well. The tailored navy sheath gave an appearance of simple elegance. Paired with the knee-length blue and white fringed scarf fastened at the shoulder with a huge gold pin, small gold hoop earrings and an armful of gold bangle bracelets – well, I knew I looked good.
The maître d’s languishing looks in my direction affirmed it. Of course, it might also have been his Italian ancestry. Mediterranean males are masters at making any woman believe she’s beautiful and desirable, even if she’s not.
Tony jumped up from the table with commendable eagerness and enfolded my hand. There’s no other description for his move. 
I made sure the table stayed between us to keep him from pulling me into a hug. I did encourage him a bit by putting my other hand on top of our clasped ones. I couldn’t be too standoffish. After all, I needed the guy.
I know I sound awfully cold, but I had to save my son from a horrible mistake. My plan was the only way I could think of to do it. God must have agreed since He’d let me find Tony. I would go ahead and see if my idea worked. Ross’s future – and mine – depended on it.
****
An hour and a half later, I leaned back into the padded chair. Stuffed. Surfeited. Accurate words to describe not only my response to truly excellent lasagna, but also the syrupy charm of Tony Caruthers at his best. Or worst, depending on one’s point of view.
“As you know, Laurel,” he said, “my heart always breaks for my boys.” A sad, faraway look came into his eyes.
I almost expected him to sniff or wipe away a tear. Thank goodness, he refrained. However, as the hacks say, sorrow drenched his voice.
“It’s good to talk to someone who truly understands.” He seized my hand and squeezed.
I reached for my glass of water, sipped, picked up my napkin and touched it to my lips. Anything to keep my hands out of Tony’s persistent grasp.
“Those poor little guys. They don’t understand why Karen and I don’t get back together.” He shook his head.
“Still no progress?” I mentally estimated the ages of his ‘little guys’. They should be about 26 and 28 by now if my calculations were correct. I smothered a grin. 
Obviously, he still used his little boys as an excuse for staying out of marriage entanglements. 
His favorite avoidance line was to talk about those poor little boys and how they’d never understand if he married someone other than their mother. How they were hanging in and hoping against hope that someday he and their mother would reconcile.
The ex-wife was evidently hard to convince, because he’d sung the same song when I first met him. Didn’t sound as though he’d found a new line. To date no one had trapped him into remarrying.
“No. She won’t listen to reason. You know me, Laurel.” He stared vaguely at the table again, seeming to expect my hands to conveniently be awaiting his touch.
I kept them in my lap, buried in my napkin. The ‘sentimentation’ level was getting higher and higher and I didn’t want to encourage him to tell his entire divorce story again. I’d heard it before. I’m not too sure if after so many years, he didn’t believe his own fantasy.
However, I had a need, too, and tonight I was a woman on mission. I twiddled the stem of my water goblet.
“I’m sure it’s very difficult.” Insincerity must be pasted on my face. “I know how much your boys mean to you.”
“And I remember your son, little—?” He made an obvious effort to recall the name. It was probably difficult considering the number of women he’d no doubt dated in the intervening years. If even half were mothers, remembering the name of any one of the children would be a real challenge. I cut to the chase in the interests of time.
“Ross.”
“Yes, little Ross.” He smiled. “We must bring Ross with us next time I’m in town.” He reached over again and grabbed my hand before I realized his intent. “It’s reassuring to be with someone who understands my family situation.” 
He heaved a dramatic sigh and actually placed his other hand over his heart. “You can have my time, Laurel. It’s nice to know, though, you realize my heart is with my boys.”
I bit my lip to suppress an unflattering comment. “That’s very kind of you to think of including Ross, Tony.” A bubble of mischief wouldn’t be suppressed. “Especially since he eats a lot more now than he used to.”
“Ah, yes, I suppose he is a little older.”
“Twenty-two.”
“No! My, my how time flies. I, ah, would be happy to have him join us, of course, if, ah, dinner with two older people would be of interest to him. He probably has a lot of things going on in his life. I’d understand if he’d made previous plans or something.”
I took pity on him. “Yes, he’s quite busy most of the time. When do you return here again, Tony? I’ll try to keep the date open on my calendar.”
We compared schedules and settled on a day a couple of weeks later.
By now, I really wanted to go home and kick off my high heels and get out of the dress encasing me as snugly as a sausage’s skin.
Pretending to notice the time, I stood. “My, I didn’t realize it was so late.” I really didn’t. We’d been at the restaurant longer than I’d thought. Enough was enough, though, and I’d been Tony-ed almost to death.
I draped my purse strap across one shoulder and extended a hand toward my host. “Tony, it’s been great to see you again and catch up. I’ll look forward to seeing you next time.”
He clutched his napkin in one hand and started to reach for my hand with the other. “Thank you, Laurel. Needless to say, it’s been super to see you. You haven’t changed a bit. I’ll be calling you before I come back to town.”
A nod in his direction seemed a sufficient response.
He rose, tossed his napkin on the table. Before he could follow through by coming around and giving me a hug or kissing my hands or whatever romantic gesture he thought to make, I turned and walked away, added a tiny wave.
I hoped this would work. I wondered if I could stand it. I stiffened my resolve. It had to work. It had to. My son’s whole future was at stake.
****
Ross dropped by the next weekend, this time managing to miss my nap.
“Hi, Mom.” He breezed in, gave me a brief hug, and plopped into his favorite chair. “What’s going on?”
“Busy, busy, busy. So much to do socially, I barely have time for work.” Inner satisfaction prevailed when I saw a puzzled frown flit across his face.
“Like what?”
“Just revisiting some old friends from the past. Tony is so entertaining.”
“Tony? Past? Tell me you haven’t been going out again with Caruthers.” His countenance darkened. “Honestly, I don’t know what you see in him, Mom. Never did. You’re too good for him.”
My heart pitter-patted with triumph. My plan must be working. “Tony’s all right.” No, not excited enough. I forced enthusiasm. “He’s as gorgeous as ever.”
“Hmmph. Looks aren’t everything, you know.”
“Of course not. But they don’t hurt!” I twinkled the words at him.
He scowled.
“In fact, Tony suggested you go out to dinner with us sometime soon.”
A degree of interest showed on Ross’s face. “Wasn’t he the guy who always took us out for steak?”
Uh, oh. Maybe I’d underrated the importance of food to Ross, and overestimated his concern for my marital status.
“Ye-e-s. I guess he did sometimes.” I thought fast. “You know, he’s always amusing. Lots of stories to tell about his job, and his sons.”
“I remember now. Talked and talked and talked. Constantly.” The scowl reappeared. “Sorry, Mom. I’m going to be too busy for a while.
“By the way, I want you to set a date when you can talk to Sandy again. She liked you and really wants to get to know you.”
“How nice.” If my face looked as stiff as I suspected, I must resemble a china doll. “We’ll set up something soon.”
“Great.” He droned on and on for another half hour about Sandy. Her attributes, her interests, her goals.
I have to admit to a pang or two of doubt and conscience. The girl sounded as though she might have things together. Perhaps I’d misjudged her. 
I hardened my heart. No. Ross was not ready for marriage, especially to someone not a believer. What I was doing was right. Time would prove that.
“Well, she certainly sounds like an interesting person.” I interrupted his recitation. Enough of Sandy for one day.
The conversation during the rest of the visit could only be described as strained.
****
When the phone rang Saturday morning, it set the tone for the rest of the day and the following evening.
“Laurel?” A hollow voice reverberated faintly through the receiver.
Recognizing the sound of my mother on her cell phone, I shouted a “Hi, Mom” into the mouthpiece. I knew from experience she handled the phone gingerly, not only keeping it from touching her ear, but also placing the mouthpiece at least six inches away, increasing the volume of her voice accordingly.
You didn’t want to be out with my mother when she got or made a cell call, unless you were really into public disclosure.
“Where are you?” My mind ran over what I knew of her itinerary. Was she at home? On the road? I couldn’t remember.
“I’m in Branson, honey. Listen.”
A blare of noise filled my ears. I knew she’d held the phone away for me to hear. I waited for her to return to the conversation.
“Uh, yeah. Sounds like a big crowd. Exactly where in Branson are you?”
“We’re in line waiting to go into one of the new shows here. I thought I’d give you a call and see if you and Ross are okay.”
My mother still believes that regardless of the fact my son and I don’t live together I manage to know everything he’s doing and thinking at any given moment.
“We’re fine, Mom. Fine.” I gave a laugh I knew sounded phony. I figured with her ear away from the receiver, she wouldn’t notice. 
Yeah, everything was fine if you were into torture and mayhem – the kind I would suffer again the next time Ross brought Sandy over.
“Oh, that’s good, Laurel. We’re here for a couple more days. I should be back on Tuesday. Let’s get together when I get home. We’ll need to make it soon.
“I’ve found out about another trip the seniors from the little church around the corner from me are taking. All the way to Canada! Can you imagine?”
“Canada. Mom, isn’t it going to be a little expensive? And a long trip?”
“Not really, dear. We take a plane from home to Washington State. From there we pick up a train and go across Canada. It’s the only way to see that part of the world.”
Now she was an authority on Canadian travel? I didn’t mind her spending my inheritance on bus trips with seniors’ groups. In the four years since my dad died, the journeys had provided her with needed distraction and a reason to get up every morning.
In my opinion, however, she’d more than slightly overdone things. An average of a trip every one or two months earned her the unofficial title, from Ross and me, of the “Bus Queen.” 
She’d traveled thousands of miles to various parts of the country and visited a few of them more than once. I knew it gave her a major interest in life, meeting new people, seeing new sights. She’s a people person and makes friends easily. A talent not everyone has.
She and Dad rarely took vacations, since he’d always been too busy working. She’d been the typical stay at home wife with a couple of hobbies to keep her from stagnating. 
Dad didn’t care for people much anyway so until a few years before he passed away, they didn’t really go places. The discovery of the world of genealogy finally generated several trips to find new branches on the family tree.
Now, Mom made up for lost time, big time. There were several female friends and acquaintances that could usually be counted on to share a room. She cycled them through trips on a regular basis. 
I hoped they could afford her enthusiasm. Mom could talk anybody into anything when she put her mind to it. Good thing most of the men on those trips were married or I might have a whole other set of problems to worry about.
“We’re going to see a big plantation in Louisiana Monday, tour it and have lunch there before we head back home. I’ll call you when I get in, okay?”
“Fine, Mom.” I heard the roar in the background increase in volume. “Is everything all right? What’s going on?”
“Oh, they opened the doors into the auditorium. Gotta go, dear. Have to keep the flag in sight. Talk to you later.” The connection ended before the echo of her voice faded.
Flag? In sight? “Bye, Mom.” I gave an automatic response, though she’d already hung up. I replaced the receiver. The Lord only knew what flag she was talking about. I’d have to remember to ask when she got home.
Shaking my head to dislodge the weird feeling a cell phone conversation with her always generated, I walked back toward the kitchen. I’d best find something for dinner to take my mind off Ross and his new girlfriend.
The Sandy thing had me confused. It was the first relationship Ross had maintained this long and his constant raving about Sandy’s perfections strained my nerves beyond belief. 
Keeping my lips from uttering panicky, motherly lectures only added to the stress.
Where would it all end?
****
The next week at work didn’t improve the state of my mind much. I wrestled with writing a few more lines of a radio commercial for Atkins Appliance. 
Extolling the virtues of their newest line of refrigerators seemed dull and boring in comparison to the things happening in my personal life. The usual challenge to make a mundane subject interesting seemed unimportant as I pondered my dilemma.
I jerked back to the present and looked at the long line of z’s filling the computer screen. That’s what I got for resting my hands on the keyboard while I thought. I held down the delete button and erased my mistakes as I continued to puzzle.
What would be the best thing to do? Tony only came to town every few weeks. Ross wouldn’t know, nor be too impressed with just hearing about the frequent phone calls. I grimaced. 
Talk about phone calls. I’d told Tony not to call me at the office since he phoned several times a week and expected to have long conversations about nothing of importance. At least not anything of importance to me.
My evenings since reviving the Tony relationship were spent playing telephone roulette. I tried to decide which phone calls to answer and which ones to reject for fear it would be him. Again.
So far the score was Tony 3, telemarketers, 1. Maybe I should seriously consider caller ID.
I couldn’t stand much more of Tony. I needed a genuine threat to cause Ross to be concerned enough to forget his own love life and worry more about mine.
Ross obviously didn’t see any threat in the apparently tame romance Tony and I were involved in. It was time to escalate. Time to bring in Bachelor Number 2. Who would he be? 
After reviewing my few options, I settled on Jim Parsons. Jim would be easy to find since we were both in the local radio business. I knew the place where he spent happy hour most afternoons and could track him down there.
I wrinkled my nose at the thought of going to a smoke-filled, noisy bar. No matter. It was for my son! No sacrifice was too great. 
I’d go today after work, get in and out quickly and hope and pray no one from church would drive by and see me enter or exit. I didn’t want to think about the possibility of meeting someone inside I knew.
My face heated as I imagined the talk in the singles’ group the next Sunday if it became known Laurel Edmonds now hung out in bars. 
I thinned my lips into a determined line. Enough. I would go and that was final. Desperate measures for desperate situations. I amazed myself at the number of tired clichés I kept dredging up. 
Not to worry. Sometimes a cliché said it best. The situation truly was desperate – and so was I.
****
At five o’clock, I headed for the Ladies’ Restroom for freshening up. If I were going on the warpath, I needed to make sure the paint looked good.
Pursing my lips in front of the mirror, I added another touch of lipstick. Nice gloss. I stepped as far back as the stall doors would allow to get as full a view as possible.
The green two-piece sweater set looked a little casual for enticing a man to become a confederate. I pulled off the cardigan, slung it around my shoulders and looped the sleeves in a loose knot. It perked things up a little. 
I fluffed my hair again and peered at the other me in the glass. She stared back without comment, however, her critical frown clearly showed her opinion.
It was the best I could do. Besides, the bar would be smoky and dark. The low visibility would be an advantage. Realizing I was using delaying tactics, I clamped my lips into a firmer line, threw my purse strap over my shoulder and left. 
Next stop – Pete’s Uptown Pub.
****
I’ve often noticed, when I want to enter or leave somewhere undetected, I suspect everybody in the world is watching.
I parked three blocks away from Pete’s. Apparently a lot of people need to be happy after work. I pulled in next to a dumpster that took up half the parking space. I parked in the other half. The joy of a compact car.
Squeezing out the door made me hate and appreciate my extra ten pounds at the same time. On the one hand, if I didn’t have them, I’d have gotten out a lot easier. On the other, the extra padding kept my bones from being permanently rearranged. A few bruises, however, remained a distinct possibility.
Re-draping my skewed sweater, I headed down the street. Rush hour traffic spread across every lane. A sudden blast from a horn jerked me around. Someone I knew? My face went fiery. What if an acquaintance saw me enter Pete’s? 
I half turned toward the buildings on my right, pretending to stare into shop windows. Moving fast, I probably resembled a giant crab scuttling along sideways. At least more of my face stayed hidden that way.
A few feet ahead small groups and individuals went through a dark wooden door with glass panes inset into the top half. The swinging sign over the entrance contained the picture of a suds-topped beer stein and a scripted Pete’s Uptown Pub.
Show time! I checked my watch. Five-thirty. Surely Jim would be here by now. Suddenly a myriad of thoughts plunged through my head. What if he wasn’t here? How could I sit by myself and pretend to be waiting for someone without being hit on every five minutes? I’d heard stories! What if Jim didn’t come at all? Maybe he didn’t come to Pete’s anymore.
I forced my mind to quietness. Breathing a quick prayer for help, I pushed the door open and entered.
Sudden darkness fell.
The contrast between outside and inside was blacker than a moonless midnight. I couldn’t see a thing. A welling panic filled me. I put my hand to my mouth to stifle a gasp, bumped my nose in the dark, then realized I still wore my sunglasses.
Hoping no one watched me, I yanked off the glasses and moved forward a few paces. The pungent beer smell was overpowering. With my now-improved indoor vision, I could barely make out tables, chairs, and benches of dark wood lining the edges of the long narrow room. A bar fashioned from the same wood ran along the opposite side. Flanking the counter were round stools, most of which held an occupant.
Now the roar of conversation washed over me, punctuated by the clunk of glassware against tables and the clink of pitchers against glass. 
A waiter claimed my attention with a “Sorry, love.” I stood aside and allowed him to pass, his tray held high. The smell of hot cheese accompanied him. Lunch suddenly seemed a very distant memory.
I moved farther into the room and headed toward a wall free of tables. Looking up I saw “Restrooms” glowing in neon red above the two dark cavities on my right that I identified as doors.
When my vision became fully in tune with the dim surroundings, I tried to identify faces. Jim Parsons must be here somewhere. Probably wherever there were the most people. 
Fancying himself something of an intellectual, Jim loved to hold forth on any topic to any person or group willing to listen to him.
Sure enough, I heard the loudest laughter and talk from a table in the farthest corner. Gathering my courage, I walked forward. 
Thanks be! It was Jim, a stein in one hand, gesturing with the other to an audience of four – two men and two women who appeared to be enrapt with his words.
I drew closer. As I neared the table, Jim looked up. His mouth dropped open and his speech dried up. He stared at me as though seeing an apparition. Shock and astonishment warred on his mobile, thinly clever face.
“Laurel?” he managed.
“Hi, Jim. Long time. May I join you?” I motioned toward a vacant seat.
He shoved his chair back before I could complete the gesture.
“Wait. Let’s go somewhere we can talk. Alone.”
Evidently forgetting the group of people he’d been lecturing, he rounded the table and pulled me into a bear hug.
Trying to maintain balance, I awkwardly returned the hug, my purse protecting me from the brunt of his frontal assault.
“There.” He placed a hand on my shoulder, pivoted me around and gave me a gentle shove toward the front of the room. “There’s a vacant table over here.” Without a word or a farewell, he ignored his party and guided me forward.
I caught a quick glimpse of four surprised faces, then one person gave a shrug and they turned back to each other, trying to talk at the same time. I could guess the topic of their conversation.
Reaching an empty table for two, Jim pulled out a chair for me and seated himself.
He reached over and grasped my hand. “Laurel, I can’t believe it’s you. You look—” he paused, a grin lit his face. “You look fantastic.” He squeezed my hand.
I pulled it away and pretended to smooth my hair. “You’re looking well, too, Jim. How have you been?”
“Much better now.” He re-appropriated my hand. “Laurel, it’s been much, much too long. It’s good to see you.”
I reclaimed said hand.
“What brings you to Pete’s? I thought you didn’t come to bars, being a Christian girl and all.” The mockery in his tone recalled the arguments we’d engaged in before I stopped seeing him.
Even if he couldn’t tell it in the dark bar interior, heat rose in my cheeks. Now what did I say? “I, ah, thought maybe you’d be here.”
“You came looking for me? Wow!” A dazed yet happy look expressed astonishment and pleasure. “Wait a minute.” He appeared to remember something and drew back a bit. “Didn’t you tell me you never wanted to see me again?”
I couldn’t believe I’d said the same thing to all my ex-boyfriends. I’d obviously fallen short when it came to new and original lines to end relationships.
“Well, perhaps so, Jim. You know how it is. Women are privileged to change their minds.”
He grabbed my hands and squeezed. “Laurel, I can’t believe—” Again, he drew back, a look of concern in his eyes. “Have you quit going to church?”
“Of course not.” I laughed. “Can’t a girl go to church and still talk to an old friend?” If I couldn’t get the conversation going in the right direction quickly, I was going to be in serious trouble.
I pulled my hands away and grabbed a napkin from the holder in the middle of the table. Tearing off little bits of the paper, my hands kept busy, which helped my nervousness, and more importantly, avoided any more hand-holding attempts.
“Tell me, Jim, what are you doing these days? Still selling time for KXRT?” 
Jim was a good salesman of radio and TV commercial time and I knew he prided himself on his sales record. If I could get him talking about himself, perhaps I could steer the conversation toward an appeal for help.
“Sure. Five years now.” He waved at a passing waiter. “Can I buy you a drink, Laurel?”
“Uh, a diet soda will be fine.” I didn’t really want it, but maybe it would give me something to do before the pile of shredded napkins on the table qualified as a fire hazard.
He gave our order and turned back to me.
“What other stuff are you doing now?” I needed to keep him talking.
“Pretty much the same old, same old.” His face brightened. “I do have a new assignment though.”
“Such as?”
“I’m the weekend sports announcer for the station.”
“Jim, that’s great. Congratulations! I know you always wanted to get on the air.”
He paid the waiter for two sodas. I appreciated the fact he’d switched his own drink choice while with me.
“Yep. I cover the area high school football games on Thursdays and Fridays, record them, and take the tapes back to the station afterward. They air them the next day for fans in the surrounding small towns. People love it.”
“How interesting. I’ll bet you’re good at it.” My comment was sincere. Jim basically qualified as a good guy. He just wasn’t a redeemed guy. 
Which provided reason enough for me to discontinue a dating relationship that might have led to eventual discussions of marriage and the problems of unions between believers and unbelievers. Not a situation I’d wanted to face.
“Well, the station has gotten good comments from the area teams.” He paused and looked thoughtful.
I could almost see a light bulb go off over his head.
“Say, Laurel. Why don’t you go with me Thursday night? I’m going to cover the game between Hutton and Thomasville. 
“You can meet me at the station after work and we’ll drive over, get dinner, and be there by 6:30 or so. Game starts at 7:00.”
A high school football game? Whoopee. On the other hand, perhaps if he were doing something he really enjoyed when I asked my favor he’d be more amenable to helping me.
“I can do that.” I took a large sip of my drink. The bubbles tickled my nose and for a minute I thought I might sneeze. I did not want to spray him with a carbonated drink. Not conducive to renewing a relationship.
Checking my watch, I slung my purse strap over my shoulder and scooted back my chair. There was nothing more to be obtained tonight and staying here could provide problems I’d rather not deal with. “Gotta run, Jim. It’s good to see you again. I’ll meet you at your building Thursday night right after work.”
He stood and beamed at me. “Great, Laurel. See you Thursday.”
I waved and walked quickly to the door. I didn’t want to stick around for any further conversation. Thursday would be bad, but the football game would be a welcome distraction. He’d have to concentrate on his job and I could figure out how best to obtain his help.
Opening the front door, I slipped my sunglasses back on, resumed a crab-like position facing the building and scuttled back to my car.



Chapter 4
Thursday morning the decision of what to wear to a high school football game took an extra twenty minutes and eliminated most of my prayer time. Well, it would be okay. I knew God would bless my evening outing. After all, He’d let me find Jim. 
I said a short prayer, sent a big “Thank you, God,” delivered with a beaming smile directed upward, and dashed out the door.
There were extra commercials to write and production on them to oversee at the station. Before I realized it, working hours were over and I needed to meet Jim. I anxiously checked the sky while I drove. Great! Not a cloud, thus little chance of the game being rained out.
I tried to come up with a few sentences to explain my problem and appeal to Jim’s better nature to help me. Nothing terribly original occurred. Perhaps I’d used up my creativity allotment for the day at work. I’d wait. 
After all, following a leisurely drive through the country to a charming small town, a good down-home meal and an exciting football game played between two rival teams, we’d be in a good mood. 
I’d trust to the inspiration of the moment to determine a way to approach the topic of his assisting me to save Ross.
Thirty minutes later, Jim drummed his fingers on the steering wheel in frustration as we sat, gridlocked, in the mass exodus of Interstate rush-hour traffic. 
It took another fifteen minutes before he was able to get off the freeway and onto the two-lane county road leading to the town where the game was to be played.
Jim checked his watch, a concerned look on his face. “We’re behind schedule, Laurel. We’d probably better skip going to a restaurant and find a drive-thru fast food place instead. I’ve got recording equipment to set up before the game.”
A vision of piping hot chicken and gravy poured over mounds of fluffy homemade dumplings dissolved and my stomach gave a little lurch at the thought of the greasy offering to be substituted.
“Fine.” It was for Ross so I tried not to clamp my lips into a line of disapproval, an expression I noticed I used a lot. Instead I took a deep breath and tried to exhale gently.
The drive continued in silence as we left the metropolis further behind. Traffic picked up a little as we approached the Hutton city limits. Everybody must be heading in for the big Friday night game at the local stadium.
The look on Jim’s face grew more and more grim as he alternately peered at his watch and maneuvered the car back and forth between two lanes of country folk who were not in any particular hurry to get where they were going.
A few minutes later, a right turn propelled us down the few blocks of what amounted to Main Street.
“There’s a Burger Barn.” He pulled into the drive-thru of a tiny hut-like building. “What’ll you have?”
I leaned forward to try to read the menu through the dingy, grease-speckled glass window. “A hamburger, no onions, and fries are fine. Get me a vanilla shake to drink.”
Five minutes later we were headed back down the main street where Jim soon turned off onto a secondary road. I assumed he knew it went to the stadium. 
I’ve never understood why small towns build stadiums – or is it stadii? – on the outskirts of town. It’s not as if they don’t have room closer in. 
Anyway, with a sack of hot burgers and fries scorching one thigh, and the other thigh developing frostbite from the cold drinks, I was more than ready to get to our destination.
Thirty or forty pickups and cars were already on the dirt parking lot next to the football field. I eyed the small huddle of bleachers with concern. From a distance they looked old and rickety. Also dirty. 
I fingered my skirt and hoped splinters weren’t going to be a predominant feature of my soon-to-be seating.
“You take the food, Laurel.” Jim’s voice broke into my thoughts. He jumped out, walked around to the back of the car and opened the trunk. He rattled things inside and draped cords around his shoulders.
Slightly miffed at having to negotiate my way out of the car with hands full of sacks, I managed to extricate myself and the food without damage. I walked back to join him.
“Need any help?” The offer came automatically without any real thought behind it.
“Sure. Thanks. Take this – and this.”
To my consternation, Jim draped a massive coil of cord over one of my arms and tucked a small microphone under the other.
I switched hands to hold the food. The heavy cord weighed down my arm, proving again the law of gravity reigned. I clamped my arm against my side and tried not to drop the microphone. If I did, we were in trouble because neither of us would be able to bend over and pick it up.
Silently, I followed a laden Jim through the dust. A faint smell of farmyard puffed upward at each step. I wondered what other events were held here besides football games. Come to think of it, considering we were in a rural area, maybe I didn’t want to know.
I spotted an opening and walked between rows of seats. Nothing fancy here. Jim led the way to a separate long bench adjacent to one white-powdered sideline and began to dump equipment on the ground.
He and I scanned the crowd. Early arrivals already seated in the bleachers looked back.
“Here?” I croaked. “We sit here in front of these people?”
“Sure.” He turned and grinned at me. “Didn’t you know you’d be the center of attention? You’re a celebrity tonight, Laurel. Queen of the broadcasters.”
Ridiculous as it sounds, there were a few flutters of panic in the region of my stomach. Or maybe it was hunger.
I placed the bags of food on the bench, handed Jim the microphone and slid the coil of cord to the ground where he’d dropped his armload of stuff.
“Do you want to eat now?” Then I hesitated. Oh, joy. An audience to watch me chew.
He picked up two cables and started screwing them together. “Go ahead, Laurel. I’d rather get the equipment ready first. Don’t let your food get cold.”
I picked up the sack with the burgers and fries. Too late. The earlier warmth was gone, and I could sense the grease congeal as I stood there. I turned around and took one more look at a crowd increasing every few minutes.
Sitting down, back to the fans, I opened the bag and extracted my food. I removed my shake from the other sack. Drinking it through a straw would not be a problem since it was well and truly melted. 
Determined to ignore the audience, I chewed and swallowed about half the lukewarm burger before I gave up and consigned it to one of the sacks as trash.
By then, Jim had finished assembling everything. I regarded him with new respect when I saw the microphones, recording device, cables, etc. The man was more competent than I’d realized.
He stood a minute, surveyed the crowd, the entrance and both ends of the field. A frown appeared and he studied his watch.
“Something wrong?”
“I don’t see Eric.”
“Eric? Who’s Eric?”
“He’s the guy who does the color for the game.”
Color? They were videotaping it? What? I thought Jim recorded the game. Was I going to get caught on TV tonight? A small thrill of fear mixed with excitement raced through me. Laurel Edmonds, on camera.
He looked around again, shrugged, sat, and reached across me for his burger.
“Oh, well, if he doesn’t show, you can do it, Laurel.”
“Do it? Do what?”
“The color. The local color for the game.” He took a giant bite of burger. “You know, the info about the players and the coaches. The behind the scenes stuff.”
“Uhhh—” I would have gagged if there’d been any saliva in my suddenly dry mouth.
“It’s simple.” He patted my shoulder. “You’ll be the equivalent of a TV camera and tell everybody on tape interesting tidbits to help them experience what you see and hear. You can throw in stuff about the weather and things.”
An icy, sinking feeling in my gut told me it would not be the evening I planned. In fact, I suspected it would be a very long night.
****
Thirty minutes later, now in a semi-comatose state, I heard as though from a great distance the sound of Jim’s voice reading the lineup for the two teams. If a cheerleader hadn’t handed us programs, we’d have been clueless about who was playing what. Or for whom.
I clutched a second program copy in my nerveless hand. Realizing Jim had almost finished giving the players’ names and numbers, it dawned on me he might want the local color he’d mentioned. 
I gulped a couple of times. My vision blurred. I blinked, took a deep breath, and watched objects settle back into permanence, undistorted by the wavy lines of panic.
What could I say? I tested the air. Yep. Cool and pleasant. I took a critical look at the crowd. Definitely alert, bleachers almost full, and more coming in. The butterflies in my stomach took off for another flight.
I looked at the sheet I held, then turned it over. The back side contained ads from local businesses. Since the two teams playing were located in small towns less than 20 miles from each other, advertising represented each one.
“And that wraps up the lineup for tonight, folks. I’m going to turn it over to my colleague, the lovely Laurel Edmonds, who has joined me to do our local color.”
Why did he have to keep talking about color? I knew at the moment mine was nonexistent. I could literally sense myself pale.
“Laurel, give us your take on the game tonight.” He turned toward me and shoved a hand-held microphone in front of my mouth.
Breathe. My self-admonition prompted a loud exhalation. Jim’s eyebrows went up. He seemed to realize I wasn’t quite ready and moved the mike back to his own lips.
“What do you think about the crowd, Laurel?”
A clue. The crowd. My sense of responsibility arose.  I licked my lips and tried to clear my throat. “I, ah—”
Jim moved the microphone back toward me. He made a circular motion with his forefinger. I knew he was telling me to get on with it.
Taking a deep breath, I bravely reached forward and took the mike from his hand. “Good evening, folks. This is Laurel Edmonds.” 
With the self-introduction, a long-repressed streak of ham surfaced in me. Words flowed like a wildcat oil operator striking a gusher.
“It’s a great crowd tonight, Jim.” I looked at him for reassurance. He reached for his second burger. Chewing and swallowing, he grinned and made a keep talking motion.
“Lots of fans for the teams. The weather is perfect for an evening of football, probably around 70 degrees.”
I amazed myself at how I could babble on about nothing in particular. It must be an inherent, heretofore unrecognized, talent. I guess it sounded all right, though, since Jim continued to inhale food and didn’t grab the microphone away from me.
A few minutes later, I ran down. Perfect timing. Jim crumpled the paper bag now containing our trash and reached for the mike. I realized the two teams had come onto the field while I’d prattled on.
Electricity was in the air. Thursday night high school football commenced.
At times, it seemed the longest evening I’d ever spent. At others, I was so revved, it seemed to fly by. Jim described plays. I described anything I could think of, from the uniform colors of the two teams to the breeze that died in the second half. 
My creativity peaked during the half-time show I narrated by myself while Jim took a restroom break.
As the game wound to a close 21-20 ending, Jim and I signed off the air. He punched the stop button and we beamed at each other. Mission accomplished.
He started disassembling equipment. I checked the time. Only 8:45. Fast game.
“Grab the cord and mike again, Laurel. Let’s hurry. We’ve got to be there in 10 minutes.”
“Be where?” We were through, weren’t we? Hadn’t I done my duty by God, my country, and Thursday night football? I was tired now, really exhausted. I just wanted to go home, take a long, hot bath, and go to bed. 
Surely it didn’t matter what time we got back to the station. The game wouldn’t air until the next night.
I obediently grabbed the designated equipment and trotted after Jim, pushing my way through the departing crowd.
He was stowing stuff in the trunk by the time I reached the car. He took the coil of wire and the mike, put them inside, slammed the trunk, and gave me an impatient look.
“Get in the car, Laurel. We’ve got to go.”
“Go? Go where?”
“To the next game, of course. It’s 20 miles to Thomasville and the game is scheduled to begin at nine.”
“Another game? Tonight?” My voice sounded hollow in my ears. More football? Now? I numbly walked around to the passenger’s side of the car and opened the door.
As I fastened my seatbelt Jim switched on the ignition.
He laughed. “Sure. One more tonight. These little towns don’t have local radio facilities, so they play games the same evening. One in each of two towns fairly close together so everybody gets recorded and our station can cover all the action.”
I sat unmoving, only my mind busy as it tried to comprehend the enormity of what I’d heard.
“I’ll need to do the local color for the second game, too?”
“Sure. You did great, Laurel. I may dump Eric and let you be my assistant. You have a real talent for broadcasting.”
A weak nod acknowledged the compliment, while my mind screamed in protest. I wanted to go home. Now.
In ignorance of my inner turmoil, Jim sent a final approving look my way and floored the car as we reached the turnoff. “Hold on, Laurel. We’re in a hurry.”
It was the first time in my life I’d ridden at 90 miles an hour along dark, country roads I didn’t know. Over hill and over dale, we hit every dusty trail. Nonsense streamed through my conscious. My subconscious was probably having a breakdown. God, don’t let him kill us. If you don’t, I promise I’ll never attend another high school football game again.
****
At midnight, chilled to the bone, I wearily climbed out of Jim’s car and hobbled stiffly toward the trunk.
“I’m out of here, Jim.” I leaned against the fender for support.
“Okay.”
His cheerfulness again brought thoughts of mayhem and murder to mind, I managed to repress them. Although the opened trunk, now empty of equipment, did yearn for a body to be stuffed in it. Preferably his. If I’d any energy left, I’d have been dangerous.
“Thanks again, Laurel. Appreciate your help. Fun, huh? You can listen to yourself tomorrow night on the radio. We’ll do it again soon.”
I couldn’t begin to dredge up a response, which was probably just as well. I waved and tottered to my car and pointed it toward home.
Laurel Edmonds, girl sportscaster. Born and died the same night. R.I.P. Jim Parsons would NOT be participating as an answer to my love life. Not if he begged me.



Chapter 5
The phone rang throughout the morning. Didn’t people know there were deadlines to meet? Radio commercials don’t write themselves. Tyler’s Department Store’s big sale started day after tomorrow. I not only wanted to be there, I needed three new ads to run in rotation starting at 7:00 a.m. tomorrow morning.
“Laurel Edmonds.”
“Laurel, honey. I’m ho-o-me!”
My mom’s standard exuberant greeting caused my already over-loaded nerves to jerk all the way to my toes.
“Hi, Mom. How was the trip?” I knew I didn’t sound very interested. A play-by-play of her five-day, four-night trip to Branson was the last thing I wanted to hear right now.
“Oh, it was fine.”
I held the phone away from my ear and looked at the mouthpiece trying to conjure up a web cam shot of the person on the other end of the line.
“Fine? Only fine?”
“Yes. Fine. I’ve got tons of dirty laundry to do. Guess I’d better get to it. Wanted to call though and let you know I’m back. Talk to you later.”
I couldn’t believe it. Hung up on by my own mother!
Every built-in early warning system I possessed shouted “Danger. Danger.” Never in her traveling life in the last four years had my mother ever returned to town without providing a blow-by-blow description of what she said, did, and ate. Now the trip was only ‘fine?’ And she needed to do laundry?
I contemplated calling back, but I was running out of time to get the ads ready. I frowned. How suspicious. Making a mental note to drop by Mom’s after work, I poised my hands over the computer keyboard and began to type. “You’ll wow them in the new fall styles, now on sale at Tyler’s Department Store.”
****
My finger stayed on Mom’s temperamental doorbell. I never knew when it really rang or when it didn’t. You couldn’t hear a thing from outside. 
I’d learned a steady push seemed the best way to get the juices flowing on the old mechanism. Maybe a little irritating for Mom to listen to, but I figured she’d forgive me.
I held a cellophane-encased bouquet in front of me with my free hand and gave it a critical stare. Looked pretty good for sale-of-the-week flowers from the grocery.
Waiting for a response, I continued to stare at the floral offering without really seeing it. I never brought my mother flowers except maybe for Mother’s Day or her birthday. We weren’t a flower exchanging family. 
She’d probably want to know what the occasion was, but I thought I might need something to soften her up if I were to find out what she was hiding from me.
She definitely had to be up to something. The whole “fine”/laundry thing replayed in my memory. Yep. A mystery existed and I intended to get to the bottom of it. If a little bribery to do so was required, no problem.
I jabbed the doorbell a couple more times. If she didn’t hurry up and open the door, I’d use my key and let myself in. I hated to do that. Mom and I, and Ross, too, had made a pact though. 
If one of us believed with reasonable certainty the other was at home and not responding to telephone or doorbell, we gave advance permission to each other to enter to make sure nothing catastrophic had occurred. 
Mom had about ten seconds left.
As I abandoned the bell and started digging through the side pocket of my purse for the right key, the door jerked inward and a flushed-faced mother stood, cordless phone in hand.
“Hi, Mom. I was about to barge in uninvited. Thought you might be in the shower or something.” I don’t know why we always used that excuse to account for solo entry.
I suppose there’s something more socially correct about it, rather than saying, “I thought I’d let myself in and make sure you weren’t dead.” Yes. Come to think of it, the shower phrase was much more acceptable.
“Laurel, what a surprise.” A look of guilt spread over her face, and her cheeks blushed a deep shade of rose.
“I told you I’d come by.”
“I guess I forgot.”
“Probably while doing that laundry.”
“Laundry? Oh, yes. The laundry.”
“Uh, can I come in, Mom?” A puzzle here. She acted as though she was trying to hide something.
“Certainly, dear.” She stepped back from the doorway. “Goodness, where are my manners?”
She seemed to realize she still held the telephone in a listening attitude near her shoulder. She jerked it away. “Come in.”
I walked through the door, peeped into the living room. Nobody there. Remembering my floral offering, I thrust the bouquet toward her.
“Welcome home.” I stopped and stared at the huge vase of yellow roses gracing the top of the entertainment center.
“Well. I guess you’ve already been welcomed.” Shoving my now puny-looking offering into her hands, I stepped back to admire the premier arrangement. “Did you bring it home with you? What did you do, win an award?”
I’ve never before seen my mother turn such a shade of scarlet.
“I’ll put these in water.” She darted out of the room toward the kitchen.
Now the alarm bells resembled klaxons in my head. Something strange here. I probably wasn’t going to like hearing it. I set my mouth in its favorite clamped-lip position and followed her.
****
An hour later, I was ready to admit defeat. Clams had nothing on my mother when she didn’t want to talk. 
I’d asked questions about Branson, the trip going out, the trip coming back, and her fellow travelers. She answered everything I asked without any signs of agitation or concern. Seemingly, her secret didn’t relate to any of those topics.
What had I missed? I mentally reviewed her itinerary. The only things I didn’t recall discussing yet were the stop at Apple Annie’s in East Texas and the plantation in Louisiana. I couldn’t imagine Apple Annie’s being anything unusual. Mom visited on almost every bus trip.
“So, Mom, did you find any new crochet patterns at Apple Annie’s?” I watched her closely, ready to pounce on the subtlest of responses.
“Hmmm? Why, no, dear. The same things I saw last time we were there. Besides, I’m not much into crochet any more. Makes my shoulder hurt.”
Okay. Scratch Apple Annie’s.
“Didn’t you say you went to an old plantation in Louisiana coming back? What was it like?”
Bingo! I could have been clear across the room, rather than sharing the sofa, and still not missed the red explosion of color surging up her neck, over her face, and into her hairline. 
I couldn’t believe it. My mother – as red as an acne-faced teenager.
“Plantation?” She gave a phony-sounding laugh. “Oh, yes. We did visit one. It was – very interesting.”
The little catch in her voice was another dead giveaway. My mother and I are talkers. She has never stumbled over a word, ever, in my entire lifetime. The plantation visit was significant. Now to pry the details out of her.
I leaned back against the cushions and tried to project an air of only casual interest.
“Tell me about it. Where exactly in Louisiana is it located?”
“Why, ah, it was outside – oh, what was the name of the town?”
“New Orleans?”
“New Orleans? No, of course not. We didn’t travel in that direction. It was near a small town. I forget the name.”
I would have believed the vague tone of voice if a second red wave hadn’t surged upward.
Naming off several major cities in Louisiana I could easily recall, I watched for more responses. None occurred. What was she hiding? I knew now that something was rotten, not only in Denmark, but in Louisiana, too.
“Well, if you can’t remember the name of the town, what was the name of the plantation? Don’t they usually have names?”
“Names?”
More fiery red.
“Oh, yes. A name.” She paused and appeared to be racking her brain for an answer. “I’m afraid I can’t recall, dear.” Another forced laugh. “You know how bad my old memory is.”
Ha! Like a fox! It was obvious I wasn’t going to get a thing out of her. No, I would have to think up another way to trap her into admitting whatever went on at some Louisiana plantation. 
Whatever it was, I had a nasty feeling I wasn’t going to enjoy hearing about it. Unfortunately, on the other hand, it appeared my mother had enjoyed it very much indeed.
****
By Sunday morning, I still hadn’t managed to concoct a scheme to ferret out my mother’s secret. I know it sounds a little melodramatic, but a person would have to know my mother to understand. 
The most secretive thing she ever did in her entire life was substitute chicken spaghetti for lasagna at a church dinner a couple of years ago without prior permission from the hostess committee. And the minute someone complimented her on the main dish, she completely fell apart and told what she’d done and apologized to everyone within earshot.
For her to avoid answering questions and not spill her guts, took major evasive tactics on her part, and a strong reason for doing it. 
However, it was Sunday, and duty demanded I, as Activities Director for our singles’ department, be there early and get the coffee going and the juice out. My analyzing would have to wait until afternoon.
I stretched and yawned. I didn’t mind getting there half an hour early. Not really. Besides, I was tired of my brain having a tennis match between thoughts of Ross and his monosyllabic girlfriend and my mom’s secret. 
It was time to relax and enjoy Sunday and see if any guidance popped into my mind during the sermon.
“It would really be nice if you’d give me a little help, Lord. You aren’t telling me much lately. I know you can’t possibly want Ross to marry Sandy. You haven’t helped me a whole lot to find the right man to involve in my efforts to make Ross give her up.”
Shrugging off the silence from heaven, I quickly donned my new blue dress with the coordinating short knit jacket, and headed to church for my date with a coffee pot.
****
Thirty minutes later, I gave a final check to the hospitality table. Ready. Coffee steaming hot, juice cold and ready to pour. A huge box of doughnuts enticed with their soft, sugary sweetness. The clock on the wall showed 9:00 a.m. Folks should start arriving any minute.
Walking over to a large metal-framed print, I studied the elongated me reflected in its shiny surface. From what I could tell, my hair seemed in place and my lips still contained color. 
Good. That meant the one doughnut crammed into the box that had messed up the symmetry of the food and which now safely resided in my tummy did no real damage to my makeup.
I touched my tongue to the corners of my mouth. Oops. A tiny fragment of sugar. Licking gently, I swung around as I heard the door behind me open. Ginny Doran and two other women entered, chattering at one another. 
I say at, because none of them were paying any attention to what the others said. They were all intent on getting their own information out before it choked them. Typical Sunday morning female stuff.
“Hey, gals.” My greeting momentarily distracted them.
“Laurel, honey, hi!” Ginny’s enthusiasm immediately engendered guilt. I wouldn’t confess it to anyone, but regardless of the fact Ginny and I had known each other for about five years now, I never could really warm up to her. 
She’s one of those tall, willowy brunettes with long, flowing dark hair, big brown eyes, and a skin to die for. Not beautiful, but definitely attractive.
Ginny seems to be a Christian super-woman. Always interested in what happens to everybody else, always wanting to know how people are doing and what is going on in their lives. 
She invited confidences, and when she received them, which she inevitably did, her first response was a sincere assurance she would pray for whatever circumstance the other person was in. She probably did, too.
What wasn’t obvious from the surface-Ginny was the mischievous sense of humor she possessed and the dry wit that could skewer you from twenty paces. 
Getting to know this woman of contrasts was an interesting experience. We hit it off at first and seemed to have a lot in common although our lives had taken radically different paths. 
Ginny was a young widow, her husband having died from cancer seven or eight years earlier. She could be considered almost a professional single. 
Men really went for Ginny’s big eyes and soulful looks. Most women appreciated her sincere sweetness and concern for them. 
I held some regard for her, too, until I found out almost immediately, even if she never knew it (and Lord knows I hoped she never did), that she and I were inevitably attracted to the same men.
Let a male come into the department and if I thought him a hunk, Ginny did too. Being the type to keep those things to myself, she never suspected my feelings. 
She, on the other hand, made no secret of her feelings through phone calls to me or comments during church events while I listened and oohed and aahed in the right places.
I’d avoided any direct competition with her. Probably because I had a nasty suspicion she would win. I continued on my merry way and made sure if I was attracted to somebody, I never let her know.
I responded to Ginny with a hug. She looked extra nice in a deep pink outfit with gold jewelry I tried not to covet. Before we could finish our “hellos” five or six others came in.  Soon the room buzzed with talk.
The coffee pot was quickly drained. I went back to the tiny kitchenette and returned with a second pot already prepared. Putting the refill on the hotplate, I inventoried the state of the refreshments, lifted the juice carton, shook it gently. Almost empty. 
I went back into the kitchen and opened the fridge. One container left. Once it was gone, they’d have to drink coffee or head for the water fountain in the hallway.
Thinking again about Ginny’s jewelry, I headed back into the larger room. I started to put the carton down, then realized I’d neglected to open it. I checked the crowd. Another wave of people entered the door. I caught a quick glimpse of a man I didn’t recognize. Wow! Nice!
Trying not to stare, I turned toward the table. I’d seen enough to make my pulses do a good trip-hammer imitation. 
Not terribly tall, probably around five foot nine or ten, muscular body, dark hair, blue eyes and pencil slim mustache. The room’s temperature supercharged with energy at his entrance.
I pried at the cardboard top of the carton. It was being stubborn. Or maybe the visitor shook me.
Risking a quick check behind me, a familiar pang hit me at the sight of Ginny giving him the big eyes treatment. He seemed to be lapping it up.
Turning back and prying harder, a nail popped. Drat. There went yesterday’s manicure. Irritation rose as I fought the carton, determined it would yield. Seeing the seal begin to part, I jammed a finger into the slit and pulled.
At that exact moment, a deep masculine voice behind me said, “You must be the coffee lady.”
I responded without thinking. Jerking around I gained a quick impression of the new man standing close. Unfortunately, my hand holding the now open carton moved with me and a thin sheet of orange juice launched itself from the container and fastened onto his shirt and tie.
“Oh, no.” I stood there dumbfounded, juice dripping from my own drenched hand and stared in horror at the sight of his wet tie and soggy shirt. The only good thing was, his face creased in a wide grin showing the whitest teeth I’d ever seen.
“I am so sorry.” Putting the carton down, I reached behind me and grabbed a stack of paper napkins. “Here.” I thrust them at him and turned toward the kitchenette. “I’ll get a towel.”
I dashed into the kitchen, hoping for a second or two to get my emotions and trembling hands under control. I heard the door swing open behind me as I stood at the sink, twisting and untwisting a cup towel.
“Maybe I could borrow that?” The rich voice flowed over me like a mixture of dark chocolate interlaced with silken honey. I turned.
We stared at each other as he reached forward and took the towel from my unresisting grasp. With an effort, I focused on his hands, which were busy dabbing at his wet clothing.
“Your department has an interesting way of welcoming guests.” The amusement in his voice caused shivers down my spine. They served to return me to reality.
“I can’t tell you how sorry I am.” I grabbed another towel and added my mop up efforts to his. “I’ve never done such a thing before in my life.”
“It was probably my fault. I shouldn’t have walked up behind you without rattling or jingling to warn you.”
My lips quirked upward. So, he would be a good sport about it.
“You’re very kind to be so nice.” Stepping back and leveling a critical look at his damp apparel, I peered up into his blue gaze. I swallowed hard. There was definite approval in those eyes. 
I reached out a hand, albeit there was only a foot or less between us. “I’m Laurel Edmonds.”
He took my hand in his and grinned which increased the attractiveness of his shapely mouth. “Mike Hudson.”
“Welcome to Pine Tree Community Church. Are you new in town?”
He nodded. “Moved here a couple of weeks ago. I’ve been getting settled and didn’t make it to church until today.”
My personality started to revive. “Do you know somebody here at Pine Tree? Or did you pick us out of the phone book?” 
He was the most attractive man I’d seen in many a moon. No, in hundreds of moons. Since he’d managed to extricate himself from Ginny Doran, it said a lot about his character and resistance level. I approved.
“Somebody mentioned it as a good church. I saw the sign when I was driving by the other day. The building was attractive, so I stopped and checked the service times. And—” he spread his hands wide, “here I am.”
I caught my breath. Trying to cover my response, I forced a laugh. “So you are. And you’ve already been baptized your first morning.”
We laughed together. Noticing a sudden silence outside the kitchenette, I checked my watch. Time for Bible study. “If you’re dry enough, you may want to choose a class to go to.”
“Which one are you in?”
A blush started at my neck and worked its way up. I moved around him and pushed open the door, walked out and led him toward the room where my class met. “And please, let me pay for cleaning your tie and laundering your shirt. Or replacing them if they can’t be cleaned.”
“No problem. It was only orange juice. It kind of matches.” He brushed at his rust-colored shirt and orange and rust paisley tie. “You could have gone with the coffee and it would still have blended.”
His smile made my toes curl.
I punched him playfully on the arm. I felt I’d known Mike Hudson forever – yet with a delicious difference. I refused to examine my feelings any further for the moment but knew thoughts of an attractive, exciting stranger would take up a good portion of my afternoon.



Chapter 6
If I were going to be shot at sunrise for not knowing, I couldn’t have told you a thing about the Bible study hour. The teacher’s voice became a monotonous background for my thoughts as I sat a couple of seats away from Mike Hudson in the crowded class. 
He seemed attentive, his eyes fastened on Ralph Atherton’s face. Mike followed along in the right places and looked serious when appropriate. I know. I watched his every breath. Nobody else seemed to take notice of him.
Except Ginny Doran. Her eyes never left him either. My heart sank. Once again I realized she and I held a mutual attraction to the newest male addition to the department. Oh, no!
If we followed the normal pattern, Ginny would spend every possible moment with Mike, hanging on each of his words, devouring him with adoring brown eyes and generally acting as if he’d placed the moon and stars and she applauded him.
After a while, he’d either ask her out, or if, as happened occasionally, he’d ask someone else out, she’d pretend she never really wanted him anyway. Ginny would bide her time until the next unattached male wandered through, then it would start all over again.
I never quite understood why Ginny didn’t remarry since she truly seemed to enjoy men’s company. She was definitely the clinging vine type and many guys appeared to enjoy that. 
For whatever reason, Ginny didn’t develop any long-term relationships. Interest would fizzle and the guy would look elsewhere, or she’d stop the relationship herself and go on to another.
Now don’t get me wrong. I really do have some regard for Ginny. Kind of. However, I refuse to compete with her for a man’s attention. I don’t compete. 
Either I find something I don’t admire about the guy after the initial attraction, or I refuse to throw myself at him while secretly hoping he wants to date me instead of Ginny.
Chicken? Maybe. There’s just something inside that won’t let me join the fray and try to win the guy away from her. It’s not agape love. Probably cold feet. 
Besides, should Christian sisters act in such a spirit of competition? Who knows? I’ve never tested it.
Anyway, when I saw the way she looked at Mike, I knew it was over between him and me before it began. Ginny would do her thing. I’d withdraw. In time, they would date or not. If not, he’d find someone else. 
Only this time, there was a shard of pain pricking my heart when I thought about the inevitability of the situation. This time, it mattered.
I realized Ralph’s voice had stopped. I looked around. The lesson must be over. I stood and smoothed my skirt. Ginny attached herself to Mike and led him out of the room into the hallway. 
By the time I reached the auditorium, she’d have him in a pew and would be guarding him as if he were the Hope diamond.
I quickly put away the leftover refreshments and proceeded to the service. The praise band was still playing a medley of opening songs. I stood in the doorway for a minute. My heart almost stopped when I spied Mike Hudson sitting alone. Where was Ginny? 
Then I remembered. She now sang in the choir and they were to do a special today. Tsk, tsk. Ginny would have to stay in the choir loft throughout the entire service. What a shame!
Poor Mike would sit alone. Unless — I allowed a small smirk. Not if I could help it. The inevitable might happen with Ginny, but after all, I needed to be hospitable to a stranger, didn’t I? Wasn’t there something in the Bible about hospitality and strangers?
I outwardly walked down the aisle with a demure demeanor. Inside I marched triumphantly. When I reached Mike’s pew, I stopped. “Is anyone sitting here?”
The light in his upward look dazzled me. He seemed not simply glad, but more like delighted, to see me.
“Saving a seat for you.” He stood and allowed me to enter the pew then sat beside me, our shoulders almost touching.
I took a deep breath. It had been a while since an attractive man sat next to me in church. “How did you enjoy the Bible study?”
“Good. I agreed with what Ralph said about living each day under the leadership of Christ.”
So that’s what Ralph had said. Since I missed the lesson, I murmured a “Mmmm” and hoped it covered everything.
Fortunately I was saved from trying to talk about it anymore. The choir filed in and stood to sing the opening chorus. My day brightened immeasurably as I saw Ginny’s eyes checking out the audience, identifying Mike Hudson, seeing me sitting next to him.
I know. Tacky, tacky. But oh, it went a long way to soothe some old hurts. Ones she’d inflicted, unknowingly, over the past few years. Hurts when she’d gone after the same man who attracted me.
I rose and sang my praises with a loud voice. Mike rumbled in a deep bass next to me. My heart sank. I’d better hope Ginny didn’t hear him sing, or she’d sign him up for the choir so fast he’d have a front row loft seat before he could say “Amen.”
The service progressed while I sat in a dream. A word here, a phrase there, drifted through my consciousness from time to time. However, most of the hour was spent savoring the satisfaction of sitting next to a man who really attracted me. 
I figured I’d better make the most of it. It would probably be a one-time experience once the choir was dismissed and Ginny could ditch her robe.
After the benediction, Mike turned and looked down at me. “So what do the singles do for the rest of the day?” He raised dark eyebrows in a questioning look.
My heart pounded. I wanted to lick my dry lips but refrained in case it came across as an effort to be sexy.
“Well, uh, most Sundays we go to a restaurant for lunch, those who don’t have other plans. There’s also church tonight. Not everyone attends, maybe a few part of the time. That’s about it. We have parties once a month and do special group stuff occasionally.”
“Are you going to lunch today?” His query caused my heart to try to fly up into my throat and flutter there, competing for space with my breath.
“I’ve not really decided—” I let my voice trail off while my mind tried to recall whose Sunday in the singles group it was to go to lunch and who would be gone. 
My heart bounded when I remembered it was the second Sunday of the month. Ginny would go and have lunch with an aunt who lived across town. Ginny wouldn’t be coming to lunch today.
Suppressing an urge to shout “Hallelujah,” I peeked from beneath my lashes. “I think I will. Would you care to join us?” What else could I say? After all, he was the visitor and I the Activities Director. It was the right thing to do.
“Great. Where?”
“We usually go to The Pear Tree over on Highway 23. Near the shopping mall. Do you know where the mall is?”
“Yeah. I drove around earlier in the week trying to get acquainted with where things are located. Do we each take our own cars or what?”
“Whatever. We usually do. It’s up to you, of course.”
He considered with a thoughtful expression. “Let me follow you there. I have a couple of errands to run after lunch.”
My heart sank in disappointment. I determined not to let it show. “Fine.” I threw a bright smile at him. “Let’s go.”
The whole way to the restaurant, I reviewed who else might attend. We kind of took potluck with who showed up and who didn’t. Each week contained a different population. Not because singles are necessarily flaky, but consistency was not everyone’s middle name.
By the time I’d parked and we’d gone inside and been shown to our usual round table for six by the window, I’d calmed myself and was able to hold the menu with steady hands. I’m not sure why I bothered to look at it. I always ate the same thing. Today it gave me a few minutes to study Mike as he perused the available choices.
“Any recommendations?” He caught me staring.  The attention accelerated my pulse rate.
“Not really.” I tried to speak calmly. “Everything’s pretty good. Depends on how hungry you are.” I grinned. “And whether you want leftovers.”
He shook his head. “Not today.” He closed his menu and laid it to one side. “Tell me, Laurel—”
The waitress’ arrival interrupted his question. I couldn’t believe how important the phrase left hanging seemed.
“Should we wait for the others before we order?”
Mike’s question threw me. I suddenly realized we were alone. No one else from the group had shown up. 
I looked at my watch. If they were going to come, they would have been here by now. “I guess we’re it.” I tried to sound bright and casual.
He studied me for a minute, grinned. “Not a problem.” He looked at the server. “Since there are only two of us, maybe we could sit somewhere smaller?” He gestured to the table where we were seated. “This seems a bit much.”
The middle-aged waitress studied him for a minute, then shrugged. “Sure, over here.”
She led us to a table for two tucked into a corner. A private corner.
“Ah, perfect. Thanks.” Mike flashed a smile at the woman. She almost dropped her pencil.
“Are you ready to order?” The waitress fastened her gaze on him as though I didn’t exist.
I was a little tired of the role of invisible woman. “I’ll have the Southwestern Chicken Salad with ranch dressing on the side.”
Mike ordered, handed the waitress the menus, leaned back where he could look at me.
It was easy to see why the woman found it hard to concentrate.
****
For the next hour, I experienced a combination of elation and comfort that seemed absolutely right. Mike stimulated me as much as an overdose of caffeine. 
Yet at the same time, being with him, talking, laughing, sharing, seemed the easiest, most natural thing in the world. It didn’t take long for me to figure out the man could become a real friend.
Or more. I wondered briefly if he might be someone who could advise me about the situation with Ross and Sandy. No. I didn’t know Mike well enough. 
If I dumped my problems on his shoulders today, he’d probably think he was lunching with a nut case. I’d wait and see if a friendship developed between us. Then I’d decide whether to talk to him about personal things.
Later, my watch showed another hour had flown by. The waitress had long since taken away our empty dishes and returned again and again to refill iced tea and water glasses.
“Do you need to be somewhere?” Mike’s quiet question proved he was as observant as he was good-looking.
“No, not really. Only sort of.” If I was going to go and grill my mother, I ought to get on with it before she went somewhere or took a Sunday afternoon nap. On the other hand, I hated to leave such good company.
“I understand.” Mike looked at his watch. “Wow. The time has really flown. You’re nice to be with, Laurel.”
“Thanks.” Once again, heat rose in my cheeks. “So are you.”
The waitress appeared from nowhere and handed us our checks.
“Let me.” Mike reached for mine. I drew it back.
“No, no. Sunday lunches are Dutch treat. Thanks anyway.”
He shrugged. “Whatever you say. How about going to dinner with me tomorrow night then? When we don’t have to play by the Singles’ class rules?”
My heart started another race. “Tomorrow? Fine.”
“Great. I’ll pick you up about 6:30? Or would you prefer earlier? Or later?” He raised an eyebrow at me.
Amazed at what such a simple movement could do to my innards, I grasped for poise and tried to respond calmly. 
“Six-thirty is fine. I’d better give you the address.” I wrote it down and added a few helpful directions for someone new in town.
“I’ll look forward to it.” Mike folded the slip of paper and put it in his shirt pocket. He scooted out of the booth and helped me rise.
My head didn’t leave the clouds all the way home.
****
To my amazement, I actually made it to my mother’s house without getting lost. Obviously I knew the way. On the other hand, considering my state of euphoria, the car and I floated. I wouldn’t have been too surprised to find myself in the next town.
Repeated ringing of the doorbell brought no response. I pulled out my key, unlocked the door and stepped inside. “Mom?”
No response.
I gritted my teeth. I always did when nervous. I don’t know what I thought I would find. A quick tour through the rooms showed Mom was not at home. Hmmm. She must have gone to lunch with friends, or perhaps headed to the mall or the grocery. 
The huge vase of yellow roses was gone. In its place sat a gorgeous arrangement of fall flowers. Definitely not grocery store variety. I shook off my uneasiness at the sight.
Deciding against leaving a note, I went back to my car and drove home. I’d try to call Mom later. For now, if I could get my racing thoughts to cooperate, there was a little matter of my own Sunday afternoon nap. And the question of whether or not Mike might come to church tonight. 
I tingled with anticipation. Right now, come to think of it, sleep was actually the farthest thing from my mind.
****
Fortunately, my body overcame my treacherous emotions. I caught my entire forty winks and awakened in plenty of time for a sandwich before going to church. A twinge of guilt made me recall I wasn’t always so eager to attend the Sunday evening service.
However, I managed to rid myself of any negative feelings while I looked for a casual outfit with the right appeal. I didn’t specify to what, or to whom, I would be appealing. I made a face. Su-u-re!
At 6:25 I walked into the auditorium and took an eager, yet discreet, look around. I frowned. No Mike Hudson. Odd. He’d struck me as the type who would show up for evening worship.
He didn’t. More perturbed than I cared to admit, I went home afterward and carefully re-hung the dynamite outfit. Another time, perhaps. Tomorrow was another day, and tomorrow night the dinner date with Mike. I cheered up. Talk about something to look forward to.
****
Throughout the entire next day, in fact, never were so many radio commercials written with such little thought and effort and turned out so well. The euphoria that enveloped me seemed charged with creative energy. Nothing could go wrong.
Well, not until I called my mother and experienced another short and unsatisfactory conversation with her. She acted vague about where she’d been the afternoon before and didn’t seem inclined to stay on the phone and talk to her only daughter. 
I didn’t ask her about the new flowers figuring I’d get no answer.
I scowled at the receiver as I hung up, but soon let myself again be immersed in anticipation of the evening. By the time six o’clock rolled around, I was dressed, seated on the edge of my recliner, and watching the hands of the clock inch their way around the numbers on the face. 
I checked twice to make sure the battery worked.
At six-thirty sharp, the doorbell sounded. When I opened the door, a freshly shaven, well-dressed Mike stood in front of me. I caught a whiff of spicy cologne.
“Laurel. Wow! You look gorgeous.” Mike’s comment appeared to be from the heart as did the appreciative assessment in his eyes.
I did look nice. I’d taken a lot of care in choosing an outfit designed to stun but not totally obliterate the new man in my life. 
The short-sleeved turquoise sheath boasted a scalloped neckline accentuated by a thin silver chain and earrings. The color did a lot for me. A glow radiated outward. It probably didn’t hurt my appearance any.
Stepping away from the door, I motioned to Mike. “Come in.”
“Nice place.” His quick scan took in the details.
I remembered. Oh, yes. He’d shared he was a former realtor. Of course he’d notice details.
“Thanks. Do you want to sit down for a while or shall we go?”
“I made reservations for 6:45. If you’re ready, we can head for the restaurant.”
“Great.” I picked up my purse and let Mike precede me out the door.
****
Ten minutes later, we entered one of the trendiest French restaurants in town, Chez Philippe. Obsequious waiters in tuxes bowed us to a table, tenderly placed napkins on our laps, and opened huge menus with reverence before bestowing them upon us.
“What looks good?” Mike’s question jerked me from my preoccupation with a couple of facts: a.) The menu was written entirely in French, and b.) There were no prices shown.
My heart sank. The only French food words I knew were escargot and croissants. I shuddered. No way would I eat snails or be limited to bread. 
I hated to be in such an awkward situation. No matter. I’d read enough romances to know what the heroine should do.
“Why don’t you order for me?” I fluttered my eyelashes in a helpless, Ginny Doran-like manner.
“Be glad to,” Mike said with a grin. “As soon as I can get somebody to translate. Do you by any chance—?” His words trailed off, accompanied by a look of appeal.
I immediately relaxed. He must have wanted to impress me by coming to such a nice place. It made him a whole lot more appealing to know he wasn’t above me in intellect or sophistication.
“Sorry.” I shook my head. “Maybe we can pick out a word here and there?”
“I don’t know much French.” Mike shrugged. “Now if it were Spanish or Greek—”
I tried to keep my mouth from gaping open and only partially succeeded. “You speak Greek?”
“Not speak. Read a little. Took a course in college trying to avoid the math requirement. Wound up with two hours of homework every night just for the Greek class. 
“Switched to math anyway when it became apparent dead languages and I weren’t a match. I learned a few words here and there.
“Same with the Spanish. Picked up a little from kids in high school and when I worked in real estate. Conferred with contractors and buyers and ended up with a pretty good vocabulary. Don’t always know how to put it together so well, though.” He grinned.
In the end, we threw ourselves on the mercy of our waiter who didn’t seem surprised in the least at our lack of understanding. 
Indeed, he exhibited a certain smug satisfaction at being able to translate for the two obviously inferior beings who sought his wisdom and advice.
It turned out to be one of the best meals I’d ever eaten although I wasn’t sure what I’d ended up ordering. 
I know the waiter told me, but by the time he got through his description, I was as confused as if he’d been speaking Mike’s Greek. Chicken was involved, and mushrooms, something green, and a sauce to die for.
Mike seemed equally satisfied. We silently savored our entrees, until we remembered we were supposed to converse occasionally.
The meal progressed from soup and salad through dessert. Mike and I discussed everything from our families to jobs to theology. 
He was a widower. He’d lost his wife to cancer seven years earlier, the most devastating experience of his life. He had two daughters, one married and living in Arizona the other a freshman at the local university. She lived in the dorm; he saw or talked with her frequently.
His early retirement from real estate came about to allow him to devote time to discovering what God wanted him to do with the rest of his life. 
Money obviously wasn’t a problem, or brains. He seemed articulate and well read. I wondered whether he planned to re-marry.
I shared a little about my divorce without revealing my decision to put off my own re-marriage. After all, I didn’t want the man to think I was husband-hunting and get uncomfortable.
An insistent “what if?” resonated within me more than once as Mike brought up a topic and our compatibility in an area became obvious. I gave a giant sigh.
“Something wrong?” Mike’s dark eyes quizzed me with a look of concern.
I tried to cover up. “Nothing. I can’t get over the food. It’s fabulous!”
As hoped, my compliment pleased him and he smiled as brightly as a contestant who’d won first place. I wondered briefly if I might be able to enlist Mike’s help to detach Ross from Sandy. 
No, if I wasn’t comfortable asking for his advice, and I’d decided yesterday I wasn’t, it was way too early in our acquaintance to try to recruit him. 
Right now, Tony remained the number one candidate as a deterrent to Ross’s marriage to Sandy. I could only hope Tony would be enough.
Dinner completed, bill paid, Mike and I rose to leave. He took my arm to direct me from the restaurant to the car. “So what does someone in this city do for appropriate entertainment after dinner?”
Tempted to respond truthfully with a “beats me,” I thought fast. There actually was very little to do for a Christian, except go to a movie. Assuming a decent one was playing. 
I hated going to movies on dates. I couldn’t quite understand how people who wanted to get to know each other ever would if they sat without speaking for a couple of hours staring at a screen. I couldn’t see the sense in it.
Unless we wanted to wander through a mall, or go home, there wasn’t much available. My brain ran on fast forward until a sudden idea hit me.
“How about a stroll along the lake?”
I knew the hike and bike trail bordering Town Lake was brightly illuminated for about half a mile, not too far from where we were dining. 
Mike seemed capable of taking care of himself and me in what should be a reasonably safe area in which to walk at night.
“Sounds good. I knew you’d be a great guide to the city.”
He cast an appreciative glance at me. I smiled back. I liked being regarded as an authority whether true or not.
We drove to the parking area for the trail. Thankfully, I’d worn medium height heels and could stand to do the equivalent of a few blocks without ruining my feet for life.
The next hour passed in a blur as we walked and talked about everything under the sun. Well, actually it was under the moon.
When Mike took me home and left me at my door with a gentle squeeze of my hands and a look on his face showing he’d prefer to do more, I drifted inside, floating about four inches off the floor.
It was the most wonderful evening I’d spent in many, many years. I could hardly wait until the next one. I somehow knew there would be a next one. 
“Thank you, Lord.” Gratitude to God seemed the right thing to do.



Chapter 7
The next day, my bliss was shattered with a mid-morning phone call from Tony. He would be in town the coming weekend and wanted to take me out Saturday night.
Somehow, dinner with Tony paled in comparison to going out again with Mike Hudson. Nevertheless I owed it to Ross to continue to see Tony. 
I agreed to the date with little enthusiasm. I could only hope I’d see Mike again beforehand. It would be sort of an early antidote to an evening I didn’t really want.
My day became further complicated when I reached Mom by phone. I determined to find out why she was acting strangely. I might need to go over to her house and threaten her to get at the truth. 
First, though, I would try to be subtle and clever. I was completely convinced there was a problem, therefore I wanted to do a little delicate probing.
“By the way, Mom, how are things going at the Ladies’ Club?”
Mom belongs to a group of older women who meet every two weeks and review books, or hold discussions on set topics. Actually, they usually spend most of the time talking about their own lives and what they’re doing rather than indulging in more intellectual pursuits.
Between the fellowship and first-class refreshments, however, the ladies come back again and again.
“The club? Fine, dear. We’re supposed to meet soon. I think.”
Hmmm. There was a symptom: loss of memory. Mom always knew the exact date of the club meetings and the topic of each one. Now she couldn’t remember when the next meeting would be held.
I pushed a little further. “Went to a great French restaurant last night. Chez Philippe. Have you been there?”
“French? No, I’ve never heard of it.” She gave a sad sounding little giggle. “Food isn’t very interesting right now.”
A pang went through me. My mom wasn’t a pig or greedy, though as did I, she appreciated good food. Usually the mention of a new restaurant would be enough to generate a request for complete details and a description of each dish. 
Symptom number two: loss of appetite.
Mental alarms sounding, I decided perhaps a little more direct questioning was in order. “So do you have any doctor’s appointments any time soon, Mom? I can take you if you want.”
A long silence followed.
Now my heart rate really speeded up. “Mom?”
“Doctor’s appointments?” She gave a laugh of pure nervousness. “Don’t be silly, Laurel. Why would I need to go to the doctor?”
“I thought maybe you were due for a checkup or something.”
Another shaky laugh. “No. No checkups for a couple of months.”
A longer silence followed before she spoke in a reluctant tone. “Actually, I do need to run by Dr. Soames’ office. I, uh, need to get a prescription re-filled.”
My silence seemed to concern her, because she followed the comment up with “The drugstore wants a paper copy since I’m out of refills.”
“And you would be doing that when?”
Her little laughs were getting on my nerves. I knew something was wrong. Maybe big time wrong.
“Oh, when I get around to it. Later. I don’t need a ride, Laurel. I can drive.” Her tone of voice changed. “Thanks for calling, dear. Talk to you later.”
I sat and stared at the receiver for a couple of minutes before I gently replaced it on the phone base. She’d done it again. For the second time in my whole life, my mother had hung up on me.
It must be cancer. Nothing else would make her act so nervous and evasive. Only something she was trying to hide. 
Since the doctor’s office discussion seemed to make her the most edgy and drew the biggest reaction, it must have something to do with her health.
My heart tried to plummet into my stomach. Why wouldn’t she tell me? I could help. I wanted to help. I shook my head. Maybe she couldn’t deal with the idea yet. 
I firmed my lips. I refused to be left out of the process of a major illness. That’s what families were for.
Without conscious thought, I picked up the phone and dialed a familiar number.
“Dr. Soames’ office.”
“Julie, it’s Laurel Edmonds.” Not knowing the situation, having acted on impulse, I didn’t have an excuse prepared. “I, uh, that is, my mom thinks she has an appointment soon. She can’t seem to remember which day it is.” 
I gave a phony, hollow laugh of my own. It must run in the family. “I wondered if you’d tell me the day and time?”
I held my breath and waited.
“Sure, Laurel. Let me check the book.” Silence followed. I could hear the scrabbling of pages in the background.
Julie came back on the line. “Laurel? I don’t see an appointment for your Mom. Are you sure it was this week?”
“Pretty sure. It could be later. Maybe even in a month or two. 
More scrabbling before Julie spoke. “Nothing on the books.”
“You don’t have her down anywhere?”
“Nope. Oh, wait a minute. There’s one other place—”
I clutched the receiver to my ear.
“Here it is, Laurel. She doesn’t have an actual appointment. She’s coming in for blood work. Day after tomorrow. No appointment needed for labs. Dr. Soames will call her with the results.”
Leukemia! It must be leukemia. God, let it be the slow developing kind. My heart cried out in rejection as I thanked Julie and hung up the phone.
I bowed my head. My mother was terminally ill. “God, help me.” Anguish seeped through me. Not Mom. Not now. How could I cope with two crises – my son and my mother? I needed to be there for both of them.
My agonized pleas would surely reach the throne of grace if sincerity counted for anything.
****
Sleeping, eating and acting normal were big challenges over the next couple of days. A hectic schedule at work and the upcoming date with Tony helped push the thought of my mother’s mortality into the background. It seemed ironic life must go on, but it did.
The highlight of the week occurred on Thursday when Mike Hudson surprised me by showing up to take me to lunch. 
One minute I sat with my attention glued to a computer monitor while I tried to think up a new twist to an old commercial. The next, I heard a light tap on the doorway into my office.
“Anybody home?”
Before I turned, my stomach started doing flip flops. Different from those preceding nausea. Closer to several little dogs bouncing around inside me in different directions with abandon and joy.
“Mike!” I knew delight spread across my face. “What on earth are you doing here?”
“Ummm, decided I’d better come and check out the place where my guide to the city spends her days.”
I appreciated the guide label. I’d love to show him around town every day. Clamping down on such thoughts, I waved him to a chair.
“Thanks.” He looked around. Not much to see. The room is much like any other office. The main difference is the big speaker on the wall continuously running the programs the station aired, 24/7.
It serves as a monitor for me to actually hear the commercials I write to try to catch any obvious errors or production flaws. It also gives me information on how the commercials fit together with the various programs we feature. In my office, silence is neither golden nor an option.
Mike turned his attention back to me. His dark hair kinked giving him a slightly rumpled look. His smile continued to do devastating things to my insides.
“I hope you’ve noted the time.” His solemn tone was belied by the twinkle in his eyes.
“Eleven thirty. Yep. I see that.” We both confirmed it by looking at the large wall clock hanging above my door.
“I’d hate to think of you suffering from malnutrition. Since you need your strength to pound your keyboard.”
“And be creative.” I put in my own contribution to the nonsense.
“And be creative. So, I thought, ‘Hudson, what can you do to keep Laurel Edmonds from letting her creative sand run out of the hourglass?’”
“Juices.” I interrupted his flow of rhetoric. “It’s creative juices, not sand.”
“Not sand?” His eyes twinkled. “I kind of wanted it to be sand.”
“Definitely juices.” I tried for a solemn expression. “Do go on. I can’t wait to hear your conclusion.”
“There could be only one. I needed to rescue the fair damsel in distress, snatch her up and carry her off to lunch at the nearest decent eatery.”
My heart thudded at the mental picture of being carried off anywhere by Mike Hudson, although I gave no outward sign and continued to play his verbal game.
“Eateries. Hmmm. Nearest and decent.” I pretended to think, one finger touching below the dimple on my right cheek, head inclined to the side. “That would have to be The Strand deli around the corner.”
Mike surged to his feet. “Let’s go. We’re wasting valuable time.”
“Right. You don’t want me to waste away.” I winced, suddenly remembering my more than sylph-like proportions.
“I sure don’t.” The emphasis in his voice and the approval in his eyes made the day suddenly sparkle and life again seem a thing of joy.
We headed for The Strand. For a while, I would put away my cares and enjoy the unexpected companionship of a new friend.
****
The deli was busy. We ordered, found a table outside.
After the first bite of his panini, Mike laid his sandwich on his plate. His face took on a serious cast, “Would you be available to go out this weekend?”
I opened my mouth to accept until I remembered. Tony would be here Saturday night. He expected to take me to dinner. Rats. 
On the one hand, I would much rather go out with Mike Hudson. On the other, I needed Tony if Ross was to be saved.
“I’m, uh, tied up Saturday evening. Plus there’s the Singles’ party Friday night.”
“What party?”
“The hobo party. We’re each to bring a can of vegetables, dress as a hobo, and show up at the Fellowship Hall at six o’clock.”
“Sounds fun.” Mike took another bite of sandwich and chewed slowly. “Can anyone attend?”
“Certainly. Would you care to come?”
“I would if I can escort you.”
My cheeks flushed and my pulse raced. I tried to act nonchalant but wasn’t sure I succeeded. “That would be great. If you pick me up at 5:30 it would give us plenty of time.”
“Good. Any particular can of veggies you want me to bring?”
“Anything we can toss into a pot and use to make hobo stew for dinner. We’ll also have bread and dessert. Other people are furnishing those.”
“Sounds interesting.”
Mike and I continued to munch and chat until my lunch hour was almost over and I hurried back to work. It was amazing how much brighter the day – and life in general – looked.
****
Friday night I perused the room with satisfaction. Mike and I had been here for about fifteen minutes and were circulating. The noise from more than thirty singles, members and visitors, resembled a football crowd.
Some people’s hobo costumes were incredibly creative. They ranged from one guy who truly could have come in off the street, to my nemesis, Ginny Doran. 
She’d opted for the sophisticated look, and wore a sequin-studded coat and leggings making her appear more movie starlet than hobo. Grubby she wasn’t. 
I tried to spot Mike Hudson, hoping he wasn’t hung up on her allure.
Seeing him in a corner, I headed in his direction, only to be stopped halfway by Ginny.
“Laurel! Why I declare, I almost didn’t recognize you. You look so – authentic.”
I immediately peered down at my baggy jeans, held at the waist by a length of rope, my ripped and torn painting shirt, and a shabby jacket I’d found at a thrift store. 
My floppy shoes and battered hat were other bargains I’d discovered. Dotting my cheeks were a few painted-on freckles. I’d stuck a silk pansy in the band of the hat and thought I looked pretty good. 
Cute had been Mike’s word for my outfit when he picked me up. Ginny made me feel overdressed and silly.
“Thanks.” I managed to keep my tone dry rather than hostile. “You’re costume is – certainly unexpected.”
Ginny’s sultry laugh sounded. “I decided there was no point in looking too. . .” she lifted an eyebrow at my clothes, “too awful. I can’t bear to look – tacky.”
By now of course I felt grubby and completely horrible. I gritted my teeth. She probably didn’t mean a thing by it. I must be reading more into her words than intended. 
Forgive your brother seventy times seven. I figured with Ginny that should just about get me through the party.
“Where is that good-looking new man, Mike?” Her eyes roved over the crowd, speculation apparent. “Didn’t I see you talking to him earlier?”
“Uh, yeah.” From out of nowhere a wave of boldness washed over me. “We came together.”
“You did! Well, well, aren’t you the fast worker?” Her glare would have penetrated a steel wall.
“Not really. He asked me the other day at lunch.”
I couldn’t tell if I was deliberately putting my head into a noose I’d later regret, or if the worm had turned after years of being suppressed.
“Lunch, too.” Ginny’s laugh tinkled. “I really will have my work cut out for me, won’t I? I suppose I’d better get started.”
A hundred responses, none of which remotely qualified as Christ-like, quivered on my lips. I clamped my mouth shut and pasted an insincere approval on my face. “Happy hunting!” I threw the comment at her as I wheeled and headed for the corner where I’d seen Mike a few minutes earlier. Fortunately he was still there.
Pushing my way through the crowd, I gave him the once over as I approached. He really looked cute, yet tough at the same time. 
He’d crammed his broad shoulders into a jacket several sizes too small. It threatened to burst at the seams any moment. 
His wide tie came straight from the eighties and his ankle-length boots were slashed along the sides to give brief glimpses of red socks.
A blue polka dotted handkerchief was thrust into one breast pocket. Somewhere he’d found a derby hat that was too small. It perched on his head reminding me of a bird on a shrunken nest. Serious five o’clock shadow completed the look.
I walked boldly up, and slipped one hand through the crook of his arm. “Hi!”
“Hey!” His eyes lit up and he turned back to Jack, the guy he’d been talking to. “Nice to talk to you, Jack. We’ll try to get together soon.”
“Great.” Jack’s response sounded automatic. I could tell the way his attention shifted from Mike to me and back, Jack was busy assessing my relationship with the new guy.
It was an interest I got used to before the evening was over. The big disadvantage in not dating before from within the singles group made it awfully obvious something new was being written in the biography of Laurel Edmonds. 
On the other hand, I couldn’t ever remember feeling such satisfaction, especially every time I saw Ginny Doran. 
By the midpoint of the party, even her sequins were drooping.
****
There’s a lot to be said for the subconscious. On Monday morning, I knew what to do about my mother. I suspected it was due to a fun evening on Friday. 
The Saturday date with Tony reaffirmed my capacity for enduring pain. Tony was offset by another great day on Sunday as I basked in looks of approval from Mike Hudson and the other kind from Ginny Doran.
I picked up the phone and called for a doctor’s appointment. Giving vague symptoms, I asked for the first opening, requesting a cancellation if one became available.
Fortunately one did. I left work later in the day and headed to see Dr. Soames. I regretted taking up his time when I wasn’t sick, but I needed to find out about Mom.
An hour later, I ah-h-ed as the good doctor looked down my throat.
“Everything looks fine, Laurel. What did you say are your symptoms?”
“Oh, you, know, doctor. The usual thing. Kind of similar to the ones Mom’s been having.” I thought it a brilliant way to get information.
“Your Mom’s sick?” He sounded surprised. “She was in the other day for labs and she looked fine when I saw her in the hall.”
“Uh. . .” I tried to think of a way to find out what I wanted to know. “I thought Mom saw you. I didn’t think she’d been feeling so well.”
“Not to my knowledge.” His assurance rang true. How could I not believe the man? He’d been our family doctor for years. Still, I couldn’t ask him about my mom. He obeyed ethical standards, after all.
“So she came just for the labs?”
“As far as I know. Routine blood tests.”
“Hmmm.” I hopped off the examining table. “Well, thanks, Dr. Soames. I guess I’m a little stressed or something. I’m sure I’ll be fine in a day or so.”
“Yes, I imagine so.”
I could have sworn I heard a dry note in his voice. I ignored it and left without further conversation.
Waiting for the elevator, I tried to analyze what I’d learned. Nothing. My mom came in for routine lab work and I made a federal case out of it. 
Plus it cost me the price of a full office visit since I didn’t think it fair to use my insurance when I wasn’t really sick. 
Mom wasn’t dying of anything, certainly not cancer. Relieved, yet a little resentful at the same time, I pondered the results.
How dare she be well? Oh, that’s not what I meant. I was delighted she was okay, but it left me with the same mystery as before. 
Maybe I’d try phoning her again and see if she made any sense this time.
****
 “Hi, Mom.”
“Laurel. How are you, dear?”
“Fine, Mom. How are you?”
“I’m fine, too.”
Silence.
“So, Mom, what’s new?”
”New? Why nothing’s new, Laurel. What do you mean?”
“I don’t mean anything, Mom.” I held the receiver away from my ear and glared at it. My patience was wearing thin, very thin. Very fast. “I’m trying to chat.”
“Oh, chat. That’s nice, dear. How’s Ross?”
“Ross is fine.” I bit my tongue. I was fine. She was fine. Everybody was fine. Fine! Gag!
“It was nice to see him the other day.”
“You saw Ross the other day? He didn’t mention it.”
“Oh, well, I guess he didn’t think about it. I ran into him in the mall with his girlfriend.”
“Sandy?”
“Is that her name? I forget. A sweet girl.”
I held the receiver away a second time. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. My mother approving a spiky-haired girl with a stud in her nose? For her grandson? Mom must be losing it.
“Sweet? You thought she was sweet? What did you think of her looks?”
I tossed out the cue and waited with eagerness for a blast of words from my old-fashioned mother denouncing modern youth, girls of today, and the demoralization of society.
“Looks? She’s a pretty little thing. Ross always has dated pretty girls.”
The conversation needed to stop before I either strangled on my own unspoken words or ruptured a blood vessel.
“I’m glad you approved, Mom.”
“Yes. Well, I’m glad you called, dear.”
I could tell by the tone of her voice our discussion was over.
“Oh, Laurel?”
The pitch of her voice escalated upward about three levels from a moment before.
“Yes?”
“I’ve, uh, decided to take another little trip. I’ll only be gone a few days. A quick visit to New Orleans. 
“The tour company has a special trip planned. Several good new restaurants to try. I think a theater one night. Anyway, I’ll be back before you know it.”
The false brightness in her voice didn’t fool me for a minute. Every nerve in my body quivered and my mental antennae went on high alert.
“You’re going on a trip again? You just got back.”
“I know, dear. After all, though, life’s short.” She gave a hollow laugh. “You wouldn’t want me to miss anything, would you? It’ll only be for a few days. We leave Thursday morning. I’ll call you when I get back.”
Looking at the telephone receiver for the third time, I wished I could reach through it and grab my mother by the shoulders and give her a shake to snap some sense into her. 
Ah, well, what could I say? What could I do? She was of age and sound mind and if she wanted to go to Timbuktu, I couldn’t prevent it.
“Have fun, Mom.” The words gritted from my clenched teeth. “Call me when you get back.”
“I will, Laurel. ‘Bye.”
I gently placed the receiver back on the base. If I followed my inclination, I’d smash it on the floor and jump up and down on the pieces. A bus trip on Thursday. Fine. Go. I knew who would be right behind her. 
There was something so fishy going on I could almost see Moby Dick swimming around the living room. There was no way I could lose a Greyhound bus. I’d ask for a couple of days off first thing tomorrow.
I reconsidered. No, playing Sherlock wasn’t the answer. I was overreacting. What was she going to do on a bus trip with forty other senior citizens? 
I’d wait, and hope, and pray. Surely before too long, I’d be able to find out exactly what Mom was up to. 
I only hoped I’d approve of the answer.



Chapter 8
A phone call from Ross the next day didn’t make life any less stressful.
“Hey, Mom. Whatcha doing?”
“Trying to work.” I softened my harsh tone. “How are you? Is everything okay? You don’t usually call me at the station.”
Irritation edged his voice. “Well, you’re never home anymore. I figured if I want to see how you are, I’d better call you the one place I know you’ll be. I tried Grandma’s and she’s not answering either. What’s going on?”
I attempted a nonchalant attitude. “Oh, the Bus Queen rides again. She’s off to New Orleans for a few days. I’ve been home. Some. I guess you’ve called at the wrong time.”
“Obviously. Are you still seeing Tony? Is he why you’re gone so much?”
Ah ha! Ross sounded worried. Good.
“I’ve seen Tony again, sure.” I deliberately gave a dramatic sigh. “He’s nice. Good-looking, too.”
“Yeah, well, you’d better watch out, Mom. There’s a lot of guys out there these days who aren’t what they appear. After all, you haven’t seen him for a lot of years. Who knows what he’s become by now?”
I let my laugh tinkle over the wire. “Ross, you are amusing. Of course Tony’s all right. Who do you think he is? Jack the Ripper?”
“Not funny, Mom.”
“Well, maybe it wasn’t a good comparison. Trust me, Ross. I’m a big girl. I can spot a phony.”
A long silence prevailed until Ross spoke, a note of disgust in his voice. “Yeah, right. Well, you don’t have to put your eggs in one basket, Mom. There are a lot of nice guys in the world. 
“Can’t you find somebody at church to go out with? At least they’d probably be safer.”
I held the phone away and looked at the receiver. Receiver staring was becoming a bad habit of mine.
“Actually, it’s funny you should say that. I met a new man at church last weekend. He visited the Singles II class.”
“See? He’s a nice guy, right? Safe? Settled?”
“Don’t try to be Martha Matchmaker, Ross. Are you trying to make me break up with Tony?” 
I asked the question in a light tone and waited with anxiety for the answer. Only if Ross thought I might marry the wrong man did I have a hope he might break up with Sandy.
“Of course not.” Sincerity seemed to emphasize his denial. “I’m not trying to do anything. I’m just concerned for your safety. And your happiness.”
“That’s sweet, dear. I’m concerned for yours, too.” I decided I might as well take a chance. “So, how’s Sandy?”
Another long silence.
“I dunno, Mom. I’m a little worried. Sandy’s been working a lot of overtime lately. I haven’t seen much of her.” A pause. 
Then he burst out, frustration evident. “Plus, she told me she’s taken several coffee breaks with a new guy in the produce department. He’s single and pretty good-looking, she says. 
“All the women are acting gaga over him. I hope she’s not forgetting she belongs to me.”
Ha! Maybe God was helping my plan along by bringing the produce man into the picture. I tried to decide on an appropriate response. Not able to think of anything, I mumbled a weak “Well, I’m sure it will work out, dear.”
“Yeah. I hope so. Gotta go, Mom. Take care. I’ll try to get by soon.” He gave a snort. “If you’re home, of course.”
“See you, Son.”
I refrained from dancing and shouting, but my heart sang praises as I reviewed Ross’s every word and tone during the conversation. It was working! He hated Tony. Perhaps Sandy might have found a new victim, er, boyfriend. 
The possibilities made my day.
****
Sunday at church, Mike leaned over and whispered in my ear.
“Do we need to go to lunch with the others? Or could we sneak off by ourselves?”
My heart leaped a couple of times before it settled back to a steady rhythm. “We could go alone.”
The music started for the next hymn.
“Good.” He reached over and gave my hand a brief squeeze.
I’m afraid I didn’t hear much of the sermon.

Avoiding Ginny Doran after church became something of a challenge. Instead of heading back to the choir room to shed her robe, she dashed down from the choir loft and headed straight for Mike. 
I spotted her coming and must have let out a sound, because Mike urged me around him and gave me a gentle push toward the door. “Go. I’ll meet you in the parking lot.”
I didn’t have to be told twice. Funny, though nice, to have somebody take up the cudgel, so to speak, on my behalf. Nobody had looked after me in a long time.
Savoring inner feelings of warmth, I hurried outside and fiddled with the antenna on my car. I wasn’t sure where Mike had parked, but I wanted to be visible when he showed up. 
On the other hand, I didn’t want to get caught by somebody who wanted to talk.
I might want to go out with Mike. However, it was not a good idea to let it be seen that we shared a mutual social life or we’d become an object of gossip and speculation. Particularly if Ginny saw us. 
Not only would the stories start – the “I know you’ll want to be praying abouts,” but I wasn’t sure how Ginny might react to having a man snatched away from her. It wasn’t an event I’d ever needed to worry about before.
I wasn’t trying to snatch Mike. In fact, he seemed to be the one doing the snatching. I suspected, however, that little detail wouldn’t make a whole lot of difference to a thwarted Ginny.
By the time I’d inspected the entire length of the antenna twice, I was more than a tad nervous. What if Ginny shanghaied Mike and prevented his getting away? Would he decide to go with her rather than me? 
The thoughts swirled through my brain, kept me pre-occupied until someone touched my arm.
I gave a yelp, whirled around, and whacked my shoulder on the well-inspected antenna. The blow stung.
“Sorry.” Mike’s voice soothed. “I didn’t mean to scare you. I hoped I wouldn’t be so long.” He sighed. “She is one determined lady.”
I gave him a weak nod. He had no idea.
He held out his hand. “She’s gone to put away her robe and go to lunch. If we hurry, we should be out of here before she gets outside.”
“Is she joining us?” I couldn’t have kept the question back if I’d wanted to. Which I didn’t.
Mike gave me a surprised look. “Why do you ask that?”
“I thought maybe—”
He grinned. “Never underestimate the sales power of the realty profession, ma’am. I’m afraid Ms. Doran thinks I’ll be part of the regular group at The Pear Tree, today.”
“Did you say so?”
A raised eyebrow indicated disbelief at my naiveté. “I did not lie. The lady simply makes too many assumptions.”
I peeped up at Mike. “My car or yours?” I couldn’t believe the spirit of bravado filling me at the moment.
“Mine.” Mike piloted me toward his dove gray Lexus.
He opened the door and seated me inside before I could say anything. He was a man who obviously took charge. Independent female that I am, I thought it kind of nice.
As long as he didn’t get too carried away, of course.
****
Over Kung Pao chicken and Glazed Orange Beef, our conversation ranged from the sermon – needless to say, I couldn’t contribute much on the topic – to the Cowboys’ chances to win their next game. A potentially negative subject.
We talked in generalities about our kids. Mike anticipated becoming a grandfather next summer, thanks to the daughter in Arizona. His younger daughter was doing well with her college courses. 
I told him about Ross’s job-to-be and touched on Ross’s having an inappropriate girlfriend.
“Tough.” Mike’s tone oozed sympathy. “I know the feeling. With two girls, I’ve lots of experience with inappropriate. Particularly when they were teens.”
I nodded. At the moment, I badly wanted to confide the problem with Ross. Did I dare? 
Mike was making me more than a little nervous with his attentiveness and yes, his pursuit. I admitted it. The man was seeking me out. He wanted to be with Laurel Edmonds. It was good. It was also scary.
It had been many years since I’d allowed any male to truly get within emotional arm’s length. My divorce was the most painful experience of my life and the scars took a long time to fade. Some probably never would.
I still wasn’t sure if I could really trust any man again. As a result, I’d kept the guys I dated at a distance. If they ever started to get serious, I found something wrong with them, real or imaginary, to lead to an eventual break-up. 
Needless to say, it hadn’t helped much in finding someone to marry.
One part of me wanted very much to talk to Mike about Ross and let Mike lend a mature male perspective to the problem. The other part of me wanted to run like crazy to escape before my emotions got any more involved with the man.
The inner struggle continued through the fortune cookies. I needed to make a decision.
I poured another cup of tea, draining the pot. “Are you in a hurry?” I managed to sound casual.
“Not at all.”
“Could we get more tea? There’s something I want to get your opinion about.”
Without speaking, he hoisted the pot. The waitress responded promptly and went for a refill. We sat without talking, dabbing at fortune cookie crumbs and dropping them on our plates until she returned.
Mike topped off my tea, filled his own cup before he directed his full attention toward me. “Tell me.”
I’d tried to organize my thoughts while waiting but the moment I opened my mouth, they simply erupted. Ross, Sandy the Unsuitable. I even managed to get the Bus Queen and her mysterious ways into it before the flow dwindled to a trickle.
“Wow. You lead an interesting life.” A tiny quirk creased one corner of his extremely attractive mouth.
“Don’t I!”
“What do you want my comments about?”
Here came the tricky part. For me, the hardest part. Asking someone for something. I took a deep breath. “Actually, I want you to help me out by pretending to be interested in me.”
He raised both eyebrows. A thoughtful expression appeared on his face. I could almost see the wheels turn inside his head.
“Ah.” His exclamation hung in the air for a minute before he continued. “You want me to be seen with you, take you places and spend time with you so your son thinks I’m seriously interested?”
I nodded.
“So he’ll decide I’m not the right man for you and be willing to drop this Sandy chick and she’ll be out of his life.”
“Exactly. We’ll do a trade. My male friends for Sandy.” I couldn’t contain the surge of relief washing through me. It was nice not having to dot the i’s and cross the t’s for somebody.
“And you’d have how many of us taking you out?”
“Well, originally, you’d have been one of three. Jim isn’t going to work out though. That leaves Tony. And you, if you’re willing.”
“You see Tony how often?” His quiet voice sounded cool and assessing.
“Anywhere from once to twice a month. He lives in Houston and travels a lot. I have to wait until he’s in the area before we can go out.” I sighed without conscious volition. “He was here last Saturday and should be back in another week.”
Mike listened without commenting. I tried to read the thoughts behind his deadpan expression.
About the time I began to get really uncomfortable and figured I’d blown not only my idea, but any relationship I might ever have with Mike, he leaned toward me.
A gleam started deep in his eyes and radiated outward until the sparkle in those browns was high-level intense. I wanted to put up a hand to shield myself from the glow.
“I have a better idea.”
“What?” I knew it sounded weak. His response wasn’t what I’d expected. Somehow I couldn’t come up with a more profound question.
“Here’s what we do.” Mike sat straighter and reached across the table and grabbed my hand. “You—” he let go of my hand and pointed at me— “You dump Tony. Let me play the whole role.”
“But, but—” I knew I sounded worse than a sputtering motorboat. He’d taken me off guard and I don’t do well with unexpected confrontations of any type. Even ones designed to help me.
“Listen. It’ll be much more realistic to your son if you’re exclusively seeing one guy. He’ll believe you have matrimonial plans a whole lot quicker with only one man in your life than if you’re going out with several people.
“He’d figure there’s safety in numbers. A twosome will appear much more dangerous.”
His mischievous smirk did funny things to my pulse and my heart rate.
“If Ross thinks we’re an item and he disapproves, he’s going to forget the girl and leave her behind fast. A few weeks – voilà! Problem solved.”
He leaned back against the upholstered booth, triumph on his face.
I thought fast. Yes, he was probably right. Ross would be more worried about an unknown quantity. Mike, the new man, would be a bigger threat than old familiar Tony. Brilliant!
“Deal.” I extended my hand and we shook on it.
Mike nodded. “We’ll start tomorrow night.”
“Tomorrow? Monday? That’s a work night.”
“Not for me.”
I groaned. “Don’t rub it in. We can’t all be gentlemen of leisure.”
He laughed. “Does your son ever call or come by your place on Mondays?”
“Sometimes. I never know when I’ll hear from him. Last time he phoned he seemed worried Sandy was interested in somebody else. Maybe he’ll call to update me. Or he could drop by.”
“Good. I’ll get pizza. We’ll watch Monday night football and be ready to put on a show for your son, either in person or by telephone.”
I must admit a touch of apprehension, as well as one of anticipation, rippled down my spine. I wasn’t sure exactly what Mike had in mind for a show, but I suspected I might enjoy it more than I should.
“I’ll see you about six-thirty. We’ll have time to start eating before kickoff.”
“Okay.” I already looked forward to tomorrow night. I tried to act nonchalant. “Who’s playing?”
He arched his eyebrow again. “Does it matter?”
“Not really. It’s window dressing, right?”
“Right.” 
His interest buoyed me up and wrapped me in warmth, starting at my return to the church parking lot and accompanying me all the way home.



Chapter 9
The doorbell rang only once Monday night before I answered. Not that I was eager or anything. But a relaxed, at home evening with Mike Hudson sounded awfully appealing. I didn’t question why I thought so. I only knew little melodies kept springing up in my mind, and occasionally to my lips, while I tried to decide on the perfect outfit.
I’d chosen a pair of black leggings topped with an oversized fuzzy white sweater. A pair of large, gold hoop earrings, a few gold bangles below the pushed up sleeves, and a touch of my favorite perfume, produced an effect that should meet with masculine approval.
Mike was on time to the second. I wondered if he’d been standing outside counting down on his watch. Hmmph. Perhaps an overly optimistic thought.
He deposited a huge box containing an extra-large pizza on the coffee table. Plates, napkins and sodas were ready and waiting. The TV flickered, sound turned down, correct channel selected. The lights were low – for TV viewing, of course.
Mike eyed the cozy set-up. “A woman after my own heart. Ready for the important things in life.”
“Monday night football.” I managed a solemn face.
“Of course.”
His teasing caused a responsive flush up my neck. One I tried to hide by bending over and rearranging the forks.
“So, what kind of pizza did you bring?” I suddenly realized I’d forgotten to mention I HATE anchovies and I’m not really fond of raw onions.
Mike draped a napkin over one arm, gave a good imitation of a headwaiter’s bow, and flipped open the box lid.
“For Madame, we have zee choice.” His French accent needed work. The soulful look accompanying it lacked nothing.
He pointed to the pizza. “Here we have zee, how do you say, pepperonee? And here, zee mushroom and black olive.”
How clever. He’d gotten the kind with four different toppings. As I waited, he continued with his menu description.
“Zis quartaire contains zee Canadian bacon and pineapple. And here, is zee always delicious sausage, hamburgaire, and extra cheese.”
I laughed so hard I fell back onto the sofa cushions. “I don’t believe it.” I struggled to stifle my amusement. “I’ve seen these multi-topping pizzas advertised but I’ve never tried one. Are they good?”
“Ah, Madame,” he smoothed an imaginary mustache. “For zee gourmet—” He kissed his fingers in imitation of a Gallic gesture of approval.
Dropping the napkin and the French accent at the same time, he plopped next to me on the sofa and reached for a plate. Handing it to me, he gestured toward the box.
“You first.”
Decisions, decisions. I shook my head. “I don’t know what I want. I may have to eat one of each.”
I gave him a defiant glare, waiting for comments about watching one’s weight, high cholesterol, etc. Instead I got a nod of approval. “Good girl.”
Did he ever say anything wrong?
Grabbing a slice of the pizza quarter nearest me, I lifted it and wound stringy cheese before placing the portion on my plate. It could be an evening to remember.
****
An hour later, as the Cowboys fielded the ball at the opponent’s 10-yard line, the phone rang. Zeroed in on the screen, I fumbled for the receiver and muttered a “Hello.”
“Hi, Mom.” My son’s cheerful voice slashed into my consciousness like a hot spoon through ice cream.
“Oh, hi, Ross.”
“What are you doing?”
“Watching the game.”
“Game? Oh, yeah. It is Monday, isn’t it?”
“Um.” The quarterback called the play and the line surged forward. I shrieked in excitement.
“Ouch! Mom! Don’t scream in my ear.”
“Sorry. They almost made a touchdown.” I suddenly remembered I had a role to play. “Wasn’t it exciting?”
“How would I know, Mom? I’m not watching television.”
“Oh, I didn’t mean you, son. I was talking to my guest.”
“You got company? Sorry. Who is it? One of the ladies from your class?”
“No-o-o-o. You don’t know him.”
“A him? You’re watching the football game with a him?”
“And eating pizza. Four slices.”
“Mom! You’ll get fat!”
I held the receiver away and gave it my finest scowl. Placing the phone back to my ear, I asked in my sweetest voice, “Did you need something, Ross? I really should get back to my company.” 
I tried to sound breathy and excited. I must have succeeded, because Mike’s communicative eyebrows shot up and he gave me a look of appreciation. I assumed it was for my acting skills.
“Ross,” I mouthed and pointed at the receiver.
He nodded understanding. Moving around on the sofa where he could see me, he watched and listened as I continued. An amused smile quirked his well-shaped lips.
“No, I didn’t need anything Mom. I called to see how you are.”
“I’m fine! Absolutely never better.” I poured such enthusiasm into my voice Mike looked startled.
A small silence on the other end of the line assured me I’d sounded convincing.
“Great. So, uh, who are you watching the game with? Tony?”
“Tony?” I laughed merrily. “My goodness, no. I’m not seeing Tony anymore. It’s, uh, someone you haven’t met. From church. His name’s Mike.”
“Mike what?”
Drat the kid. Didn’t he know it isn’t polite to quiz your mother about somebody in front of that person? Another manners area in which I’d obviously failed.
“Mike Hudson.” I chopped off the name. Mike’s attentiveness was getting more than a little disconcerting as he listened to my half of the conversation with every bit of interest and concentration any woman could ever wish for from a man.
Ross’s voice pitched a little higher than usual. “Never heard of him.”
“Correct.” There went Mike’s eyebrow again.
“Is he nice? Good-looking?”
My cheeks grew hot. Mike stared at me with more interest.
“Yes and yes.”
“Ah, cagey, huh? Guess you don’t want to say with him sitting there?” The snicker made it clear by now my son was enjoying the awkward situation.
“Right. Did you need anything else, Ross?”
“No. No, Mom. I may mosey by in a while and meet your dude, though.”
“No. Don’t do that.”
At the sound of the panic in my voice, Mike’s eyebrows reached new heights while a flash of alarm crossed his face. I gestured everything was okay. He settled back with a skeptical frown.
“I really need to go. I’ll see you some. . .other. . .time.” I hoped the emphasis got the point across to my smart aleck son.
His joyous cackle sounded quite clear as I punched the off button and ended the call.
Mike’s eyes showed unexpected sympathy as he shook his head. He gave a rueful grin. “Kids.”
“You can say that again.”
“Okay. Kids.”
His solemn-faced declaration tickled my funny bone and I gave an involuntary gurgle of laughter. He joined in. The gurgles turned into mild hysteria. 
It really wasn’t terribly funny. Somehow, we wound up laughing and gasping for breath until it hurt. At last our paroxysms stopped and we sat there, leaning back among the sofa cushions, tears running down our faces.
“I needed that.” My solemn declaration almost set us off again.
Mike raised his hands and made a peace sign. “No more, Laurel. My pizza thinks it’s been thrown into a whirlpool.”
“Mine, too. I haven’t laughed so much in years.”
Mike reached over and clasped my hand. “You’re one special lady, Laurel Edmonds. I have no idea who’s scored or what quarter it is. A first for me and Monday night football.” He shook his head. “You’re something else.”
Needless to say, my thumping heart executed its own set of fancy maneuvers. I caught my breath, probably glowed as much as a little kid at Christmas. A feeling I’d not experienced in way too long.
Pulling my hand away I straightened the cushions behind my back. “I’d better get our dessert.”
“Dessert? There’s dessert?”
I pretended to scowl. “Well, of course there’s dessert. What do you think I am, uncivilized?” I pushed cushions aside and struggled to stand, finally scooting forward to be able to rise.
“I’d offer you a hand,” said Mike, “but frankly, I don’t think I can get away from the sofa.”
“Never mind.” I shook my head at him in mock despair. “Just like a man. Always wanting to be waited on.”
“Yup!” His cheerful voice didn’t hold a single hint of apology.
I pivoted and went to the kitchen.
A few minutes later, I passed a plate of fudgy, nutty brownies tantalizingly close to his nose before I closed the pizza box lid and set the platter on it.
I handed him a fresh napkin. “Help yourself.”
He groaned. “Those look fantastic! Did you make them?”
No, I ran out and stole them from a passing bakery truck. The mental sarcasm sprang up without conscious effort. Uh, oh. I must be getting worried, if I’d started trying to put him down in my thoughts. I frowned.
“Something wrong?”
Drat the man. He was entirely too observant.
Another flush. Rats. Sometimes I got tired of blushing. “No, of course not.” I seated myself on the sofa, reached for a brownie. “I made them today after I got home from work.”
“Homemade brownies and gorgeous, too. What more could any mortal desire?”
Mike’s appreciation sent chills over me. Trouble was, it also increased the heat in my cheeks and the flutters in my stomach.
As I opened my mouth to reply, the doorbell rang.
I held my brownie suspended in mid-air. “Surely it can’t be Ross.”
“Was he coming over?”
“He said he might. I thought he was kidding.” A panicked feeling created pressure in my chest.
“Calm down.” Mike’s soothing voice overlaid my fear. “It’s exactly what our little charade is about. It’ll be a lot easier after the first time. Let him in and I’ll be the total male slob munching brownies and watching football.”
I regained a standing position. I’d never realized before how soft the stupid sofa was and how long it took to get up from it. The doorbell sounded again and again.
Yanking open the door, I glared at Ross. “I’m coming, I’m coming.”
“Sorry, Mom. I wasn’t sure if you heard.” His suspicious glare gave me a couple of ideas about what he thought I might have been doing. I was glad my lipstick was straight until I realized I probably didn’t have any left after eating hot pizza.
“Come in.” I stepped back, resigned to the fact the scene must be played. I realized it better be good if Ross was going to believe his mother was in a new and exciting relationship. It would depend on how convincing Mike and I could be now.
“Mike,” I infused a lilt into my voice. “Look who’s here.” I headed back into the living room. Ross almost stepped on my feet in his eagerness to see the new man. “My son, Ross.”
Mike rose from the sofa in one smooth motion, turned and extended his hand, flashed the grin that unnerved me. “Ross, hello. Mike Hudson.” He gave Ross a firm handshake. 
It was obvious he didn’t have any need to intimidate by trying to crunch Ross’s hand. As a result, Ross shook hands without trying to out macho Mike.
“Sit down, Ross.” I gestured toward the plate. “We were about to have dessert. Would you care for a brownie?”
“You baked homemade brownies?” The surprise in Ross’s voice wasn’t put on.
“Well, yes. After work.”
“You only make them for very special occasions.” The accusation in Ross’s voice couldn’t be mistaken.
“Guests are a special occasion.” I decided to play the role to the hilt. “At least some guests are.” I almost sickened myself with the insinuation drenching my voice.
If we’d been alone, I knew Ross would have his mouth open, tongue protruding, and would be jabbing his forefinger back and forth toward his throat in a gagging motion. Ordinarily I’d have joined him.
Instead, he stood there apparently stunned. A funny expression crossed his face. He sank back onto a chair, forgetting to take one of the brownies. A situation he immediately remedied by bounding up and walking over and appropriating two.
“Tell me, Mike.” Ross turned to face my guest. “What do you do for a living?”
The simple question was only the first in a series. Mike answered with good nature, making sure he peppered his responses with plenty of yearning each time he looked at me.
It reminded me of watching a tennis match as the conversational ball bounced back and forth between the two men. I tried to return Mike’s glances, however, with ones equally as yearning. It got easier each time.
After the first few minutes, it became obvious Ross had relaxed and was really warming up to Mike. A pang struck my heart. Why couldn’t Ross’s father have—? I derailed the thought train. I wasn’t going there tonight.
I also admired Mike’s handling of Ross. I could see why Mike was successful in sales. Without being a bit phony, he acted truly interested in Ross and the kid’s opinions. Ross responded in a positive fashion and blossomed under the attention.
Half an hour later, I realized I’d now been relegated to the role of brownie refiller and soda supplier. Mike and Ross were discussing the various merits of the two teams playing on TV. 
Ross moved over to the sofa and finished off the leftover pizza. A look of awe stole over his face when he saw the variety of toppings. The brownies were next under attack, although Mike held his own when it came to the dessert.
I decided to pick up the leftover paper plates and pizza box, remove empty soda cans, etc. They never knew I left the room.
I stayed in the kitchen, rinsed off the silverware, took out the trash, and generally made myself useful. Obviously nobody missed my company.
Soon after, the game was over and by then, I’d had it. I was disgusted and wondered if this was such a good idea.
Without much finesse, yet with a great deal of firmness, I suggested to them they needed to go since I had to work the next day.
Mike acted apologetic as he exited with a murmured “thanks.” Ross made sure he and Mike left at the same time by opening the front door and ushering Mike out.
I closed the door and leaned against it. Glancing into the living room, only two crumpled paper napkins and a depleted plate of brownies attested that anyone else had ever been there. I sniffed. 
Enough male bonding. From now on, I would keep the two men away from each other, or I might find myself in a continual subservient role I didn’t want to think about.
In ten minutes I finished the cleanup and stomped back to the bedroom, determined to stay in better control in the future. I’d keep these men in line or know the reason why. 
From now on, there would be no more Mrs. Nice Guy from Laurel Edmonds!



Chapter 10
By mid-morning the next day I’d written ten new commercials and my decision to be in control had suffered a serious setback. In the first place, it would be a little difficult to control two grown men who possessed their own thoughts and ideas. Second, I didn’t know what more to do to get Ross’s head out of the matrimonial clouds and back to earth. 
Surely, there must be a way to help him see how far apart he and Sandy were. I didn’t have a clue how to do it though.
The telephone call before lunch totally affirmed the chaos swirling throughout the universe – at least my part of it. The caller was Ross.
“Mom, hey, how are you?”
Why did he sound so chipper? I made a face. “I’m fine. Busy. What’s going on?” He’d get no leisurely conversation here.
“Not much. I wanted to call and tell you how much I enjoyed coming over last night and meeting Mike. He‘s quite a guy.”
I looked at the receiver. I really wished somebody would put a tiny screen in these things.
“He’s incredible!” I didn’t intend to sound quite so enthusiastic, but that’s how it came out.
“So. . .are you guys serious?”
“Serious?”
“Yeah, you know, talking marriage and stuff?”
“I, er, uh, what makes you ask?”
“Well, if you really are as together as you seemed last night, serious is the next step, isn’t it? I wanted to let you know I approve of him. I admit, Mom, for years, I struggled a little with the idea of your remarrying. I know I used to give you a fit about your old boyfriends.”
I forced a chuckle. “You certainly did.”
“Sorry. I was only a kid. I want you to know, Mom, if you and Mike ARE talking marriage, I’m in favor of it. Maybe,” his own chuckle sounded hollow, “maybe we can have a double wedding. That is, if I ever get to go out with Sandy again.”
I gurgled. No other way to describe it. I was beyond words, totally taken aback, and my sanity seemed to be slipping away as my son gave his seal of approval to my marrying again.
“Gotta go, Mom. Love you.”
Giving another gurgle, I almost dropped the phone while trying to hang up. A couple of deep breaths helped steady me as did a giant sip of water.
Now what? He was deviating from my plan. Ross was supposed to be panic-stricken at the thought of my marrying the wrong guy, not cheering me on! Now what did I do? Could I convince him Mike was the wrong man? I fretted and fumed through my lunch hour and half the afternoon.
The plot thickened when the phone rang about 3 o’clock.
“Laurel? It’s Mike. Am I interrupting anything urgent?”
My heart tried to dip into my stomach and was met by a rising tide of acid. The result was a knot the size of a baseball stuck somewhere in my mid-section. Breathing also became a challenge.
“Laurel?”
I tried to form words. It took several attempts before I could squeeze out a sentence. “I’m here.”
“Good. I wanted to see what you’re doing for dinner tonight?”
“Tonight? Nothing. I mean, I guess I’ll eat at home.”
My intercom buzzed. The receptionist.
“Can you hold a minute, Mike? The front desk is buzzing me.”
“Sure.”
I placed him on hold and punched the intercom button.
“Yes?”
“Laurel, it’s Beth. Sorry to interrupt, but it’s your mom. I didn’t know if it was urgent, so I figured I’d better buzz you. She didn’t say there was anything wrong.”
“Thanks, Beth. I’ll take it.”
“She’s on line three.”
I punched it.
“Mom?”
“Hi, honey.” My mother sounded rushed and out of breath. “I’m home. Great trip. That’s all.”
“Wait a minute.” I know you shouldn’t yell at your mother, but I couldn’t help it. “Don’t always be in such a hurry. I’m on another call. I can talk for a second though.”
“There’s not anything to talk about, dear. It’s back to doing laundry. Have to get ready for the next trip, you know.” A nervous laugh ended the statement.
“Another trip? Are you serious, Mom? You’re already planning on going somewhere else? Did you enter a bus marathon or something?”
She tittered. “Oh, Laurel, you are amusing. Don’t let me keep you from working. I know you’re busy. We can talk later.”
“Later. Definitely.” It was as much a threat as it was a promise.
The line went dead. I would have brooded over my mother until I suddenly remembered Mike had been on hold for quite a while. I punched back in on his line.
“Mike, I’m sorry. I needed to take another call.”
“No problem. What about dinner tonight?”
“Yes, please. We need to talk. I heard from Ross. Everything’s going wrong.” I almost wailed the last few words.
“Easy, honey.”
Honey! My pulse skyrocketed. Somehow it sounded a whole lot different than when my mom said it.
“Sorry.” I gave a nervous laugh. 
“That’s okay. Look, why don’t I cook dinner for you?”
“You? Cook?”
“Certainly, me cook. They don’t have those food shows on TV for nothing.”
Intriguing. Somehow Mike didn’t seem the kind of guy who would spend any time in the kitchen. It was a new side of him.
“It sounds wonderful.” That was honest.
“Great. Tell you what. I’ll pick you up about 6:30, drive you over to my place, we’ll eat and you can tell me what’s upset you.”
Peace fell on my turbulent insides.
“I’ll be ready.” I rang off, anticipating the evening ahead. I tried to tell myself it was because I wanted to ask Mike’s advice about Ross. Of course there was more to it. Somehow the guy was getting to me in a way that hadn’t happened in a long time. 
Mingled fear and anticipation kept me revved for the rest of the now short afternoon. Revved enough that I wrote five more commercials.
****
I waited for Mike’s arrival with the nervousness of a teenager on her first date. What had happened to the old Laurel poise? The cool, confident woman on a mission?
She was falling apart! And so, seemingly, was the mission! The sound of the doorbell interrupted my introspection. I hurried to answer.
“Mike, hi!” was what I managed before my voice got tangled up with my breathing. It was becoming a habit.
“Evenin’, ma’am. You ready for some down home cookin’?” His assumed drawl turned my bones to water. I took a deep breath.
“Definitely. Anything I don’t have to cook sounds wonderful.”
Amusement lit up his face. “Let’s go. I have something in the oven.”
All the way to Mike’s, behind the light chitchat, a thread of curiosity ran through my mind.
What did he have in the oven? Frozen lasagna? Rotisserie chicken from a deli? There’s nothing wrong with either of those items, of course. I’ve used them myself, more than once. 
It seemed strange to think of Mike actually cooking. I’m not sure why, but it added a whole other dimension to his persona.
When we walked in his front door, the spicy scent of meat and seasonings welcomed us.
“I love your house.” My exclamation burst forth involuntarily. I looked around. In the large living room, muted blues and greens were accented by a dark brown sectional sofa with recliners at either end. They invited me to drop into their cushioned depths. 
The occasional small table, lamps, a magnificent fireplace screen, and an assortment of floor plants combined to beckon and soothe.
“Thanks. I haven’t done much with the rest yet. Only where it shows.”
His endearing modesty met with my approval. The man was too good to be true.
“Something smells delicious.” I tossed my purse on a chair and strolled over to look at a painting on one wall. I wasn’t sure of the artist. It rather reminded me of a Monet print. Whoever the painter, the blend of purples and blues accented the rest of the color scheme in the room.
“Thanks. Excuse me a minute while I go make sure nothing’s burned.” His air indicated his complete confidence that no dish would dare burn and things would be right on track.
I walked around examining small objects on the mantel and the other paintings. I turned, my back to the fireplace, when Mike entered, carrying two small crystal glasses filled with a pale amber liquid.
“Here. My own special blend of apple punch.”
I took a deep sniff of the drink. “Mmmm.” Cinnamon and an unidentifiable spice tantalized. I sipped at the concoction. “Oh, Mike. How perfect. Tasty, tart, yet sweet. Where did you learn how to make it?”
“A recipe I picked up on vacation once.”
Try as I would, I could not picture the man as Susie Homemaker, seeking out recipes everywhere he went. Perhaps I was exaggerating. Maybe he enjoyed cooking sometimes. Aren’t many famous chefs men?
A ding from the kitchen and he excused himself again. The food was close to being ready. I finished the last of my juice and stood, holding the empty glass, waiting for Mike to return.
Several minutes went by before he re-entered the room.
“Come on.” A slight bow in my direction beckoned me. “Dinner is served.”
He turned and headed through the doorway into the kitchen. “I thought we’d eat in the breakfast nook.”
The kitchen and breakfast area were all anyone could desire in the way of attractiveness and convenience. The set-up would make a professional drool.
Mike took my empty glass, set it on a counter, pulled out a chair and waited for me to be seated.
Manners, too! I continued to be impressed as he bowed his head and blessed the food and our evening. After the “Amen” I took in the laden table.
A platter of barbecued meat sat at one side. Bowls containing pasta salad, baked beans, and a potato dish flanked it. I could see the edge of a brown roll in a napkin-covered basket. Everything was steaming hot, attractively arranged, and smelled heavenly.
Mike grinned. “It’s calorie free. No cholesterol, no fat. Good healthy Texas eating.”
“Right.” The dryness of my tone indicated my disbelief. Who cared? I wasn’t counting either calories or fat grams at the moment. I took the potato dish and served myself.
Mike was cute as he watched me take my first bite of meat, a tiny bit of apprehension in the back of his eyes.
Not to worry. It was the juiciest, most tender, and perfectly seasoned barbecue I’d ever eaten.
“Oh, Mike. It’s incredible!”
He beamed. “Glad you like it.” He continued to watch with equal anxiety as I tasted each dish and sincerely complimented their excellence.
Once he seemed convinced I really approved of the food and I again praised his culinary skills, we settled down to enjoy our dinner. 
I thought about turning the conversation toward Ross but decided to wait until we’d finished eating.
I took a last bite of salad, dabbed at my mouth, then laid my napkin on the table.
“What a marvelous meal. You are a chef extraordinaire. Thank you.”
He glowed. “Glad you enjoyed it. I have dessert. Thought we might want to wait for a while. Unless, of course, you still have room?”
I shook my head. “Hardly. I could probably use a couple of turns around the block to walk off what I’ve eaten.”
“We can do that.” His quick uptake was flattering, to say the least.
“Or,” I continued with what was intended to be a wicked leer, “we can be slugs and waddle into the living room and let me try out the comfort of one of those recliners.”
Mike laughed. “Done. Why don’t you waddle and I’ll stack the plates in the sink.”
“May I help?”
“Nope. Go on and relax. I’ll be right behind you.”
I headed back to the living room, selected what appeared to be the softest, most comfortable chair and sank into it. Ah, yes. Perfection.
A few minutes later, Mike came in carrying two glasses. “I thought you might want some water.” He sat one of the glasses on the end table next to my chair, settled himself with the other glass a short distance away on the closest end of the sofa.
“Talk to me.”
His invitation released a pent-up dam of words. Sentences tumbled out. I confessed Ross’s blessing our relationship with only slight embarrassment.
“He must be in favor of you and me being a couple. He doesn’t seem to be in the least alarmed. In fact, the girl may be seeing someone else. Perhaps she’ll dump Ross and my idea will be totally useless. Maybe I don’t need to keep pursuing it. I don’t know what to do.”
I caught a look of consternation on Mike’s face before he spoke.
“So you’re afraid everything is lost. Or not. Above all, you wanted to get him away from Sandy, right?”
“Right.”
“So is it happening?”
“Well, no. Not yet. I mean, it might be, but I don’t think so.”
“Or, it’s a lover’s quarrel, and they’ll patch things up and the romance will be on again.”
“That wasn’t something I thought of.”
Mike nodded. “So now is not the time to grow faint-hearted, fair lady. In fact, we need to escalate to the next level.”
“Escalate? What do you mean next level?” A pulse fluttered in my throat.
“I mean, if you’re going to get your son’s attention and really prod him into concentrating on you, he needs to believe you’re in a serious relationship. A permanent one.”
My throat dried and my voice squeaked. “What do you mean, permanent?”
“We need to get engaged.”
“Engaged!” My breath caught. My stomach did a couple flips. Did he just ask me to marry him? I wondered why the thought produced such a strong reaction. After all, there was nothing between us. Right?
“Right.” Mike echoed my unspoken word. “If Ross thinks you are really going to get married and are not just dating, it may shake him up enough for you to accomplish what you want. 
“Regardless of what he told you today, it may be the last push he needs to dump the girl friend and rush to Mom’s rescue.”
“He said he liked you.”
“Doesn’t matter. Right now, everything is conjecture. He may be pretending to be okay with you marrying. The reality of it may be an entirely different story.”
Mike picked up his glass and sipped. I thought hard. Maybe there was a certain amount of logic in what he said.
“You may be right.” I heard the doubt in my voice.
He stood up, reached down and grasped my hands, pulled me to my feet. “Of course I’m right.” He grasped my shoulders and gave me a tiny shake. “So are we engaged?”
I took a deep breath. “Okay. We’re engaged.”
“Congratulations to us.”
Before I realized his intent, he leaned down and gave me a gentle kiss.
I never knew you could suspend breathing, coherent thought and voluntary movement all at the same time.
“I guess that makes it official.” I tried to act nonchalant when I could speak. Casual – as if I got engaged and kissed every day.
His hands were light on my shoulders. His grasp tightened. He started to say something, released me and waved me back to my chair.
Thinking hard, I wondered if this was the smartest thing I’d ever done. Mike affected me entirely too much. What danger was I placing myself in by pretending an engagement? Could I keep him at a proper distance during our charade? 
If I didn’t, would I get hurt? There would be no guarantees.
On the other hand, Ross was worth any sacrifice. I didn’t want my son’s life to be messed up by my marrying the wrong person, as I’d done with his father. 
I continued to make mental excuses to myself about why the relationship with Mike should continue until I realized what I was doing. I shook my head. Why such a sense of anticipation? Ah, well, que será, será. 
“Here’s the game plan.” Mike’s comment drew me back to the present. He’d re-seated himself. Leaning forward, he ticked off on his fingers the steps in our scheme.
“We need to spend more time together. Engaged couples do.”
I thought we’d been doing pretty well without being engaged, although I could see his point. It might be hazardous to my emotional health, however—
“All right.”
“We need to announce it at church.”
“Couldn’t we tell Ross and not anyone else?”
“No. Didn’t you say he attends our church?”
The ‘our’ warmed my heart. “Yes.”
“If nobody there says anything about your engagement, isn’t he liable to suspect something’s fishy?”
He was right. Oh, my. What a seven-day wonder it would be at Pine Tree Community. Laurel the Undateable, engaged. My face went fiery thinking about it. It was accompanied by a feeling of immense satisfaction when I imagined Ginny Doran’s reaction to the news.
I grinned. Maybe this was not so bad after all. When it was over and Ross safely away from Sandy, Mike and I could pretend to change our minds. People do it regularly these days. It would be okay. It had to be.
“You’re right,” I conceded. “I guess we can tell people Sunday.”
“We’ll need to buy a ring.”
Alarm bells went off. Whoa! I reacted from instinct. “Not necessary.”
“Of course it’s necessary. You have to have a ring to show people. Otherwise they won’t think we’re really engaged.”
“Mike, I can’t let you buy a ring for an engagement that doesn’t. . .isn’t—“
“Isn’t real?”
I nodded. An engagement ring represented something to me and I didn’t want to dishonor it. Plus I didn’t want to be obligated to Mike or anyone else to do me such a big favor.
“We’ve got to have a ring, Laurel.”
Suddenly inspiration flashed. “I have it.”
“What?”
“I mean, I really do have it. My great aunt died a couple of years ago. She left me a solitaire diamond that’ll knock your eyes out. I can pretend it’s my engagement ring. It’s big enough to be one.”
Mike’s face wore a troubled frown. “Are you sure? Maybe somebody will recognize it.”
I shook my head. “Doubtful. I don’t think I’ve ever worn it to church. It’ll be fine.”
“Well, okay. If it doesn’t look legit though, I reserve the right to substitute another one.”
“Deal.” I knew I didn’t have to worry. The ring was almost the size of an ice cube. It was big and flashy. My great aunt exhibited good and expensive taste.
“How about your mother? Should we tell her?”
I shook my head. “No. Not right now. She goes to a different church; she probably won’t hear. Besides, there’s something going on in her life right now I need to find out about. I don’t want to worry her, in case she’s dealing with a problem of her own.”
The expression on Mike’s face was disapproving. “All right, although you may be making a mistake.”
“I’ll take the chance. Let’s limit it to our church and Ross for now.”
“Okay. I’ll take you to dinner tomorrow night and we’ll begin Operation Engagement.”
The butterflies swirling through my stomach were a mixture of anticipation and fear. Where would it lead? The possibilities for failure made me cringe. However, I must save Ross from making a terrible mistake. Wouldn’t God understand?



Chapter 11
Over the next few weeks, life got more and more hectic. Mike and I saw each other almost every night. Ross telephoned more often than usual, seemingly taken aback by my engagement. 
The church folks gushed sentimentally every time Mike or I appeared on the premises, either alone or together. Ginny Doran maintained an icy exterior, her smiles subzero daggers aimed at both of us. 
My mom made two more trips to New Orleans. I dumped Tony. Jim re-entered the picture.
The Tony thing was not pleasant. I chickened out and did it by phone. I was really tempted simply to leave a voice mail, but reneged when I figured it too callous. I left a message asking him to call me. I heard from him one Thursday night when I was free while Mike met with his men’s group at church.
I was leisurely manicuring my nails, clad in a worn comfortable flannel robe, when the phone rang. I figured it was Ross or maybe my mom; I didn’t rush to answer. I blew away nail dust, reached over and picked up the receiver and answered.
“Laurel. I got in and found your message. I’m returning your call first thing.”
Tony. I grimaced. Taking a deep breath, I launched into the canned speech I’d rehearsed several times in the past week.
“Thanks for calling back, Tony. I need to let you know—”
“Don’t be embarrassed, Laurel. I understand. I miss you, too. Those lonely evenings I spend on the road—”
Yeah. You and half the female population of Texas and three adjoining states. I mentally slapped myself for the thought. I often wondered exactly how many women friends Tony did have on the road. 
In fact, it would have been interesting to know if I was the only one in Austin or if there was a whole roster of us he rotated through. On the other hand, the man could only devote a certain amount of time to a social life.
Perhaps I was the Austin female of choice. I suppose that made me special.
I cut my speculations short. “I’m sure it must be very boring.”
Silence for a few moments before his cautious voice admitted, “Well, I’m not sure boring is the right word.”
I’ll bet. I tried again. “What I’m saying, Tony, is I can’t see you anymore.”
“Can’t see me! Why not, Laurel? Have I done something wrong?” He paused, and with a note of suspicion in his voice asked, “What has somebody been telling you?”
Out of sheer curiosity, I really wanted to pursue whatever it was somebody might have told me. Instead I let the intriguing tidbit slide. My mission was clear and I wouldn’t let myself be distracted.
“Nothing’s wrong, Tony. I wanted to let you know I’m in another relationship now and won’t be needing—” I clamped off the too-truthful phrase. “That is, I won’t be able to see you anymore.”
“I don’t understand, Laurel. I’m not a possessive man. I certainly realize you don’t want to sit home those weeks I’m not in town. I don’t expect you to go out with only me.”
“That’s very generous of you, Tony.” Inspiration struck. “Actually, I met someone while you were away and, well, we’re engaged.”
“Engaged! I don’t know what to say.”
“How about congratulations?”
“Of course. You know you have my best wishes.” His voice assumed a mournful tone. “I’m stunned.”
“So am I.” How true! “It was good to see you again, Tony. Thanks for the dinners out. Take care. I hope you and your wife get back together someday.” I couldn’t have resisted if my life depended on it. I let a beat go by. “For the boys’ sake.”
A pause before he responded. “You certainly know my heart, Laurel.” A sigh. “Well, I am surprised. I wish you the best. If anything should, uh, you know, fall through, don’t hesitate to let me know.”
In a pig’s eye. Inelegant, perhaps, yet descriptive. “Thanks, Tony.” My voice dripped syrupy sweetness. “Bye.”
“Goodbye, Laurel. Parting is such sweet sorrow.”
Tony the literati. I spent a few minutes replaying the conversation in my mind and laughing aloud over the funny parts, which got funnier each time I thought about them. 
Too bad Mike wasn’t here. He’d have howled.
Sobering, I realized my thoughts now led with regularity to Mike Hudson. Ridiculous. Couldn’t I spend one evening away from the man without him coming to mind? Of course I could. 
I reached for the nail file, determined to concentrate on my manicure and not think about Mike.
Easier said than done.
****
Jim’s re-emergence into the thick of things was weird. That and the fact there are people who don’t have a clue about what the word “no” means. Turned out, he was one of them.
A month ago, after he and I contributed our announcing efforts to small town football, I’d vowed never to go out with him again. I hadn’t heard from him since, nor did I try to contact him. There was no way I planned to spend my Thursday or Friday nights zipping around the countryside in the cause of high school sports.
My career as a color announcer in football was ended permanently. I presumed Jim got the idea since I hadn’t heard from him. Point made and taken.
Not so. I was busily creating yet another exciting commercial for Tyler’s Department Store for after-five holiday wear, when my phone sounded a shrill interruption.
I absently picked up the receiver, my attention still on my ad copy, and answered. “Laurel Edmonds.”
“Laurel. Good to talk to you. How in the world are you?”
At first, I didn’t recognize the voice. Afraid it might be a client, I soft-pedaled my response. “I’m fine.” A pause. “Who’s calling?”
“You don’t recognize my voice? I’m hurt.” A note of teasing in the masculine tones made me suspect Mike for a moment, yet the voice was wrong.
Polite seemed the best policy. “I’m sorry. Who did you say you are?”
“It’s Jim, Laurel.” He laughed. “You remember—” He turned on his announcer voice. “And it’s Smith with the ball at the 45-yard line, fighting his way forward for a gain of two.”
“Ah, that Jim.”
Another silence, followed by a cautious inquiry. “How many Jims do you know?”
I grinned. “Oh, you’d be surprised. What’s up?”
He sounded taken aback. “I called to see if you want to go out this weekend, Laurel.”
“Sorry, no more football games.”
“Of course not. Anyway, I’m not doing those anymore. The station decided to cut out the radio broadcasts and let the TV crew film highlights instead.”
My sigh of relief was sincere and heartfelt.
“I thought maybe we could go to dinner and a movie.”
“That’s kind of you Jim. I really can’t. I’m busy this weekend. Thanks anyway.”
“No problem. How about Monday night?”
“I don’t think so.” I decided to let the sentence lie or die.
“I’ve missed you, Laurel.” Jim’s voice yearned and throbbed over the line. “It’s been way too long since we’ve been anywhere. I thought when you looked me up you wanted us to get back together.”
“Maybe I did.” I decided vague was the right way to play it. “Things happen, Jim.” 
I really didn’t want to repeat the engagement excuse. The more people who heard about it, the more people I’d have to let know it was over when it was over. 
That wasn’t a happy prospect when you considered old boyfriends who might want to be reinstated in my social life.
“I can’t imagine anything could happen, Laurel, that we can’t handle together.”
I tried not to gag. I’d forgotten Jim’s tendency toward melodrama. Maybe it was something to do with his being such a good salesman.
Impatient to get back to my commercial, tired of phone calls from old flames, I decided I’d have to play the engagement card. After all, it’d worked with Tony.
“Actually, Jim, I should tell you straight out. I’m engaged.”
A long silence ensued.
“Engaged. What a surprise. Happened pretty fast, didn’t it? After all, it’s only been a few weeks since we went to the game.” Another silence. “You’re not pulling my leg, are you Laurel?”
I sighed, audibly and deliberately. Let him interpret it how he would. “You know how it is, Jim. Sometimes things are meant to be.”
“Well, that’s what I thought when you looked me up, Laurel. It seemed meant to be.” His voice deepened. “We always had something pretty special going, you know.”
We did? I thought back. We’d dated for several months. The main thing that made it memorable was Ross’s reaction. He acted as though Jim was a real threat to the status quo. 
Otherwise, except for rapidly getting tired of Jim’s streak of ham, I couldn’t recall anything special. “Mmmm. I guess that’s life, Jim. There’s always someone else who comes along.”
“I can’t believe it’s final, Laurel. Look, how about I call you back in a few days? That’ll give you a chance to think about. . .us—” His voice dropped to a lower pitch. “We can talk more later.”
Fine! I just wanted off the phone to get on to table runners and napkins for Tyler’s Department Store. Impatient now, I snapped, “Whatever. Gotta go, Jim.”
“Talk to you later, Laurel.” The line went dead.
Why did I ever try to involve the man in my life again? I’d truly forgotten his persistence and, when he chose, downright stubbornness, in pursuing what he thought he wanted. At the moment, I seemed to be his choice.
Gritting my teeth, I forced myself back to work. Talk about the best laid plans of mice and women!
****
That evening, Mike and I went out for dinner and watched TV later. He gave me the complete lineup of social events for us for the next two weeks.
A phone report from Ross further stirred my emotions. Sandy still talked to the produce guy too much. Ross’s part-time employers had laid off several people and now he was nervous about Sandy’s job. 
My mom called to say she was back in town, but would be leaving again the next week. Aghhhh! What was going on? Where had my nice, peaceful, dull, never-do-anything-exciting-or-different life gone?
“Sometimes you get what you ask for.” I muttered one of my pet clichés, only too aware what I’d asked for was Ross’s deliverance from an unsuitable girl. I never wanted the other stuff. I ignored the thought that it resulted from my own plans – except for mom’s weirdness. 
I scowled through the rest of the TV show. Even Mike’s good humor and enjoyable company couldn’t get me out of my grump.
****
Sunday morning, the Singles II Department was not a congenial place. If Ginny Doran exuded any more cold, they’d have needed an ice pick to chip me free.
Of course, the melting looks she kept sending at Mike would have thawed things if they’d been directed at me. I couldn’t believe Ginny could act so. . .so primitive!
“Laurel.” Ginny’s tight-lipped greeting barely escaped from between her compressed lips.
“Morning, Ginny. You having coffee or do you want juice?”
“Why? Do you need someone for target practice?”
Ouch! The kitten’s claws were sharp today. I managed a light laugh. “I guess you never live some things down.”
“Oh, I’m sure it’ll be forgotten soon, Laurel. You know how people let things slide. I hope I’ll remember your technique if I ever get – desperate to meet someone.”
My cheeks burned hot as fire. “Are you implying it wasn’t an accident?”
“Heaven forbid. I’m sure you have other ways of meeting men. Don’t you? Of course, if the shoe fits—” Her voice trailed off as she sent an appeal skyward, no doubt asking God to join her in disbelief and condemnation.
“Ginny Doran. I can’t believe you’re being tacky. Can I help it if Mike is interested in me?”
I didn’t intend for my vocal volume to match the flaming fury rolling over me. It attracted attention, however, because several people stopped talking, stared at us, then pretended to go back to their own conversations. 
I say pretended because the noise level in the room dropped dramatically. You couldn’t have accused them of listening, exactly, but they were sure doing a lot of quiet talking.
A little tinkling laugh drove the dagger deeper. “My, my, Laurel. Aren’t we intense? Worried, dear? Not as sure of your man as you should be?” 
She rolled her big brown eyes toward Mike, who stood talking to someone, oblivious of the fact his fiancée was being verbally dismembered.
Right then, I discovered how deep and underlying was my dislike of the woman who stood in front of me. My mouth actually dropped open as I realized the loving my Christian sister stuff was. . .stuff! 
I not only didn’t love Ginny Doran. I didn’t even like her! And I didn’t appreciate her sly insinuations.
I swallowed hard. Sending up a silent prayer for forgiveness, I wheeled and walked over to where Mike stood. I slipped my hand under his arm and leaned against him. 
When he looked down at me, I gazed at him adoringly to infuriate Ginny. It also made me the envy of every other female in the room.
Mike didn’t fail me. He responded as he ought. He reached out, encircled my shoulders with his arm, and gave me a squeeze.
I smirked and preened, aware I was the focus of the whole department — and I have to admit — I loved every minute of it!
Fortunately, before I could indulge in any more wrong thoughts or feelings against the brethren — and especially the sistren — the group broke up to go to classes.
I’m afraid I didn’t hear much of the lesson because the Lord was doing a number on me. He started with pride and went down the list through forgiving thy sister seventy times seven. 
I suspected if Simon Peter had named Ginny Doran, however, when he asked that particular question, the answer would have been seven hundred times seven hundred.
That would be the number I’d have had in mind.



Chapter 12
It would be reasonable to assume with the men issues in my life, I’d forgotten about my mother. Not so.
I’d done a little discreet detecting through several of her friends and discovered mom had become the tour bus groups’ favorite customer for any and every trip to New Orleans or its environs.
Now I may not be the brightest bulb in the chandelier but I was smart enough to know there must be an attraction there I didn’t know about. Why she was being secretive, I couldn’t fathom.
Somehow, I couldn’t quite see my mom playing the horses and getting into debt and owing thousands to the Mafia or whoever runs racetrack betting. As far as I knew she still enjoyed the same steady, comfortable income my father had set up for her.
Mom has never been one to spend money wildly—in fact, quite the contrary. She doesn’t exactly pinch a nickel until the buffalo bellows. Nonetheless, he certainly knows he’s been squeezed before the coin leaves her hands.
The health angle hadn’t turned up anything. No dread diseases, for which I was thankful, therefore no secret radical treatments in the depths of the Louisiana swamps. Imaginative, I know. That’s why I write commercials for a living.
She doesn’t have any old friends who live there. As far as I know, she’s never been too crazy about shrimp, crayfish, chicory coffee, or blackened anything so I doubt she’d suddenly developed a plan to eat her way through the bayou country.
No, something else was going on, although I didn’t know what. Logic would dictate it involved a man.
However, I knew my mother. Since dad died, she’d been out with a male exactly four times. Three times to visitation at somebody’s funeral with several other people, and once to a church picnic when they were co-captains of the planning committee.
Besides, I’d already considered a male interest and pumped most of Mom’s friends. If she’d met a guy on one of her bus trips and they were taking multiple trips to see each other, why? 
Why take trips? Why to Louisiana? There’s a lot of Texas and the rest of the United States to visit. Why couldn’t they see each other locally? It’s not as if the dating police had placed a curfew on ladies age sixty-five and over.
No, there was another major puzzle I hadn’t figured out yet. But I would. Questioning Mom did absolutely no good. My mother might be described as a little ditzy, nevertheless she’s got a shrewd head on her shoulders. She’s more capable of intricate evasions than a fox being chased by a pack of hounds.
Patience was the answer. As long as her health, sanity, or money weren’t in danger, I could wait. I’d keep tabs on her a while longer. If I needed to confront I’d do so. In the meantime, I’d more than enough troubles of my own. One of which was an intriguing guy named Mike Hudson.
I was discovering being around him could become addictive – ranking right up there with chocolate, and carrot cake cheesecake topped with real whipped cream.
I’d been cautious about getting involved with men for a lot of years, so the necessary contact to keep our little charade going for Ross’s benefit caused more of an impact on me than I’d anticipated.
When you’re trying to regain your self-esteem from a divorce – be it your idea or not – it takes a long time. After such trauma it’s easy to get into destructive and definitely unChrist-like behavior to build yourself up. I’d managed to avoid those temptations and toughed it through. 
Of course, isolation didn’t give me much to boast about when it came to relationships.
My contacts with the singles at church, with customers, and fellow employees at the radio station, had been the extent of my social interactions with men during the last fifteen years. 
The male co-workers and customers were pretty easy to fluff off since they either typified the young and the restless, or the married and the rootless. Either way, they were ‘no sales’ as far as I was concerned.
The defenses I’d built on top of the scars left by my relationship with my ex became high and heavy over the years. The thought of any guy breaching those barriers was not only scary, it was downright terrifying.
I didn’t want to be hurt. Couldn’t handle it. I only hoped someday my son would know how much I’d risked to save him from his foolish behavior. 
A risk growing stronger each day as my traitorous feelings and instincts cried out for a permanent relationship with Mike Hudson.
Obviously Mike wasn’t dealing with any such fears. He fell naturally into little endearments, tender touches on my arm or shoulder, and he held my hand at every opportunity. 
At first, I tried to tell myself he was only an A-1 actor playing the engagement role. I soon realized, though, he didn’t seem to be playing. For him, it appeared to be pretty real.
I was afraid to confront my emotions. Therefore I drifted, plagued by my inner turmoil and the hectic and heady pace of life for a woman cherished and courted by an attractive, considerate man.
If it were happening to them, right now most women would say ‘grab him’. However, it’s not easy to overcome old hurt and decide to trust a man. Of course there was also the little issue of the fact he hadn’t verbalized his own feelings. 
On the other hand, his actions, plus the look in his eyes, warned me every time I saw him that a confrontation point would arrive. Not to sound profane, but only God knew how explosive it would be.
****
On another front, I was kept amused and entertained, when I wasn’t feeling irritated, by Ginny Doran at church and Jim Parsons via telephone.
I could not believe the man was so dense. . .or whether it was deliberate. It took a while for me to figure out he was one of those guys who resemble a rock in the midst of a stretch of seacoast. A craggy boulder jutting up in the middle of the water. Waves dash against it and spray flies high in the air as the elements assault its stability. 
The rock sits there, unyielding, unchanging, unmoved. The waves dash and dash yet the rock is never affected.
I’d run across other people, usually men, who were the same way. Women dash emotions, feelings, and words against those men time after time, and the guys never respond or get perturbed. They don’t react at all. They just sit there.
The one trying to provoke a reaction – any reaction – eventually wears out or hurts herself enough and quits trying. The guy, the rock, the lump, continues as always, undisturbed, controlling the situation and her through his very lack of response.
Jim was one of those rock-people. As many times as I’d told him I was engaged, it didn’t deter him. He heard and understood. It didn’t matter. He was still convinced, since I’d approached him, I was interested. He was determined we would have a dating relationship.
At last I realized the only way to succeed meant being a little bit smarter than Jim-rock. Inspiration struck. The more I thought about my newborn idea, the more the word brilliant resonated. Talk about killing two birds with one stone. The next time Jim called I put the idea into play.
****
 “Good morning, Jim.”
“Laurel. You know what tonight is?”
“Uh, Friday?”
“Date night, woman.”
He about made me lose it right there. I detest being called woman. I’m not a chattel.
“Hmmm.”
“So how about it? Let’s go out and paint the town red.”
Restraining myself from telling him he wouldn’t know which end of the paintbrush to use, I concentrated on my idea. “Sorry, Jim. I have plans for tonight. How about Sunday morning?”
“Morning? Sunday?”
“Right. Why don’t you go to church with me Sunday?”
There was a pregnant pause. In fact, the pause was so pregnant it might have been twins.
“Well, I guess I could. If you’re sure it’s the only time you’ve got open.”
“Great. Why don’t you pick me up about ten and we’ll go to church and have lunch afterward. How’s that sound?”
He heaved a huge, sacrificial-sounding sigh. “All right, Laurel. See you Sunday.”
I hung up the phone, knowing inside the plan must’ve been made in heaven. It was perfect. Jim defeated and Ginny’s ice thawed, in one fell swoop. Magnificent!
****
Sunday morning I was ready early. Instead of pacing nervously, or chewing my fingernails, I felt cool as a cucumber. I knew what needed to be done and I was prepared to do it. 
It was hard keeping a mischievous grin off my lips whenever I thought about what would happen.
Jim was a little early and we arrived at church with plenty of time to spare. I made a beeline for the center section, third pew from the front. I wanted to be close, where we could see and be seen. Especially be seen. It was difficult controlling a smirk.
Jim fidgeted and acted a little uncomfortable. I murmured a few soothing words and handed him a printed order of service. 
He proceeded to read it word for word. In fact, his concentration was so intense, I almost expected him to sound out the syllables. Elation, apprehension, and anticipation were mixed up inside me at the same time.
I’d forgotten only one small thing. Well, two. One, Mike Hudson. I didn’t think to tell him about my little plot. When he showed up in church, worried by my absence from Sunday School and indignant at the fact I was sitting in church with another man, it put an edge on things.
 Second, the congregation’s response to seeing me with a man other than Mike, caused ripples of comment around me. I suspected there was much being whispered behind the worship guides.
Mentally kicking myself for my rotten memory, I gave Mike a bright wave as he pushed past Jim, then me, and dropped down on my other side.
“Good morning, Laurel.” His jaw muscles tensed, bulged, relaxed before he spoke in a controlled tone. “I trust you’re well?”
I tried to brazen it out. “Fine, fine.” I cleared my throat. “Mike, meet an old friend, Jim Parsons. Jim, Mike Hudson, my—.” The word stuck in my throat as I fought the creeping tide of warmth in my cheeks.
“Her fiancé.” Mike smoothly finished the sentence. He stuck out his hand.
Jim didn’t look surprised. He shook hands vigorously. “Glad to meet you, Mike. You’ve got yourself a great little gal here.”
Mike shot me a quizzical look. “Thanks. I think so.”
I shrugged. Who knew what Jim was thinking? It didn’t matter because the choir filed into the loft, and the service began.
“Stand and sing,” urged the worship leader, bursting into praise accompanied in varying tempos by the congregation.
Mike, Jim, and I stood and sang the words flashed on the large projection screen above the choir loft. I was surprised to note Jim possessed a really nice tenor voice. Would wonders never cease?
I sang praises, heartfelt praises. After all, hadn’t God given me a great idea on how to dump Jim? And wasn’t He working out my plans for rescuing Ross? I lifted my voice in song.
Forty minutes later, we joined in the final hymn. By now, Jim acted relaxed and attentive to the service. Mike kept his arm around me during the sermon. 
His nearness caused me to miss a couple of the preacher’s three points. I did catch the first one. At least I think it was the first.
The minute the final musical note sounded, I leaned toward Mike and whispered, “Play along.”
He stiffened, but didn’t say anything.
I turned my back toward him, took Jim’s arm, and gently nudged him out of the pew. We’d not gotten more than two steps forward in the aisle, when the voice I was waiting for shrilled.
“Well, Laurel. You had us worried today. Your fiancé didn’t seem to know where you were.”
Dear, darling Ginny Doran. Wonderful, nosy, busybody Ginny Doran. I could have kissed her. Now, if my calculations were correct, I was about to get rid of two problems at the same time.
I wheeled. “Ginny, dear. How kind of you to be concerned.” I grabbed Jim’s arm and turned him around. “Jim, I want you to meet someone.”
Jim faced Ginny. I watched with utmost satisfaction as they checked each other out. They gave each other high approval ratings if what I read in their eyes counted for anything. Gleams of definite interest would be the best descriptor.
“Jim, Ginny Doran. Ginny, Jim Parsons. Jim is visiting today. He’s an old friend and radio colleague of mine.”
I gave him a maternal look. I knew Ginny was watching every nuance in my words, tone and actions toward what she would recognize as a very desirable man.
“My, aren’t you lucky, Laurel?” Her coo belonged in a dovecote. She held out a slim hand. “Knowing a lot of good-looking men.” 
Her fluttering eyelashes could have produced gale force winds. I started to hold onto my hairdo to keep it in place.
Jim took her hand, held it, and continued to look at her, seemingly stunned by what he beheld.
There was silence for a few seconds while the two measured each other again. They must have reached the same conclusion, because they responded with mutual looks of approval.
Jim gave Ginny’s hand a squeeze and said in his best husky voice, “Charmed, Miss Doran. It is Miss, isn’t it?”
His tone communicated fervent hope and desire her status was not Mrs.
She squeezed back. “It is, Mr. Parsons. You’re not married either?”
“No, ma’am. Never found the right woman. I hope —”
I wasn’t sure if my slight nausea was the result of the stale blueberry bagel I’d crammed down before I left the house, residual hunger, or a reaction to the farce being played out in front of me.
Before they could continue their dialogue, I broke in. “Are you going to lunch with the singles today, Ginny? I’ve invited Jim to come along.”
It took no clairvoyance to see Ginny’s afternoon schedule being revised in her brain before she responded.
“Why, of course, Laurel. I’m always happy to welcome a visitor to our little gatherings. Especially since I’m sure you and,” she looked at Mike and sniffed, “your fiancé have lots to discuss in private.”
She stepped forward, took Jim by the arm, and headed down the aisle. “You come with me, Jim. You can ride in my car to the restaurant. I’m dying to know—” 
Her voice trailed off as they exited the auditorium.
“Guess you got stood up, lady.” The amused note in Mike’s voice probably wasn’t solely because of the little scene he’d witnessed. 
I figured there might also be satisfaction because it got rid of the other man, as well.
Who cared? I beamed at him as I swung around. My problem was now solved. Ginny, thinking she was one-upping me, shanghaied a more-than-willing Jim, and my peace of mind increased tenfold.
“Mike,” I cooed, clasping his arm and batting my eyelashes in my best Ginny imitation. “Take me to lunch. I’ll tell you about it on the way.”



Chapter 13
Things seemed to settle down over the next few weeks. Ginny and Jim remained fascinated with each other. As a result, I rarely dealt with either of them except to nod a greeting on Sundays. 
Jim became a regular attender. They never lunched with the other singles, I guess to keep Jim from being around me. I suppose Ginny thought he might be tempted by my fatal charm.
Ross seemed to be doing well. Only occasionally did he mention Sandy. She wasn’t laid off. He seldom talked about her, though, and I wondered if perhaps my engagement to Mike was no longer necessary. 
On the one hand, it would be an incredible relief if I didn’t have to pretend to be engaged strictly for Ross’s benefit. On the other, a little part of me inside suffered a pang every time I thought about not having Mike as my fiancé any more.
As for Mike, he continued to play the role of faithful swain with finesse and enthusiasm. In fact, sometimes his ardor for the role scared me. 
He must have sensed it, because every time I got nervous, he pulled back, as though he’d almost crossed an invisible line.
About the time I was congratulating myself on the smooth path of my life, my dear mother managed to again escalate my worries about her. She’d made numerous trips to Louisiana over the past few months. 
In fact, when I counted up, I was amazed at how frequently she had visited. I’d been so preoccupied with Mike and our phony engagement, and the Ginny/Jim thing, I’d really not kept strict track of Mom’s comings and goings.
I was aware enough, however, when she called and gave me the usual, “I’m off on another trip, dear. Be back in a few days,” that I decided it was time to quiz her about the big Cajun attraction.
“So, Mom, you’re gone again. Do you realize how many trips you’ve taken in the last two months?” Might as well let her know I knew what was what. “Each time to Louisiana. What are you doing, supporting a horseracing investment? Or a bookie?”
I got the expected snort and the “Don’t be ridiculous, Laurel. You know I wouldn’t do such things!” response.
What I didn’t get was an explanation of exactly what she was doing in her frequent travels back and forth. I pushed the envelope. “You’ve got me curious, Mom. I really want to know. What’s the big draw in Louisiana?”
At first she sputtered. Next she denied, then she got angry.
“I can’t believe my own daughter is quizzing me about my personal life. I can tell you, Laurel, none of my friends’ children pry into their private lives.”
Private lives? Private? Oops. That didn’t sound too good. However, it could still cover a range of possibilities. I spent a brief moment speculating whether my mom might have followed Tony’s example and now had a boyfriend in every small town in the Louisiana bayous.
“I’m not prying, Mom.” I tried to respond gently yet firmly. “I’m concerned whether everything is all right.”
“Everything is fine.”
The truthfulness in her voice sounded genuine. It was the little lilt that worried me.
“Now I’ve got to go, Laurel. I’ll call you when I get back.”
“Wait, Mom. When do you leave?”
“Why?” Her voice reflected instant suspicion.
“Merely curious. Surely you aren’t taking off in the middle of the day?”
“No, of course not. We’re leaving at seven in the morning, like we always do.”
“Which bus company?”
“The same one I always use. I really must go. Bye.” She hung up before I could ask anything else.
Now I was seriously concerned. I knew she’d traveled with several tour bus companies the last couple of months. What I didn’t know was which one she’d scheduled her departure with tomorrow morning.
I pulled out the phone book and thumbed through the yellow pages to Buses – Charter. I spotted the three companies I knew she’d used before.
I copied names and phone numbers before I picked up the phone. I’d have to call to see which company offered a bus leaving at 7:00 a.m. tomorrow. Being a responsible daughter sometimes exacted a toll.
After fifteen or twenty minutes, I found the right trip to New Orleans. I asked for the pick-up point, explaining I wanted to see how close it was to my house if I decided to make the trip. My conscience cringed at the untruth. I got over it by reminding myself it was for Mom’s own good.
The woman on the other end of the line either didn’t have a suspicious bone in her body or was used to talking with strange people who asked strange questions, because she named a nearby bank parking lot without any hesitation.
“Thanks.”
“Did you want me to sign you up, dear?”
“Uh, I’m not sure yet. I’ll call you back if I decide to go.”
I hung up, embarrassed at my pretense. I knew I’d been skating over pretty thin truth ice lately. Deceiving the bus lady and about to spy on my own mother. Most of all, pretending to be engaged to Mike Hudson before the church and everybody. I fought back conviction.
God helps those who help themselves, I admonished my apprehensive conscience. A little voice in the back of my mind said, “Hah! Not in my Bible.”
I ignored it and tapped my pencil on the desk in a rapid tattoo. I knew Mom’s travel information. What did I intend to do with it?
That question occupied my thoughts throughout the evening until the time I went to bed. My answer came with the morning.
At 6:00 a.m., I pulled on jeans and a T-shirt, and headed to my car.
Mom and I were going to Louisiana. Just not together.
****
Lurking in the still dark parking lot made me picture myself as a junior-grade female James Bond. I just needed a trench coat and a hat pulled low across my brow to present the perfect picture of a spy.
I squinted through the murky morning. Until the sun came up I could make out nothing except dark forms moving around and lumps of something on the ground. I eventually figured out they must be the luggage.
It was too cold to roll down a window to see better, and I was already shivering without heat. I didn’t want to call attention to the car by leaving the motor running. I was also afraid it might drain the battery, which hadn’t been checked for a while. 
Hopefully, the sun would be up before the bus arrived and the passengers boarded so I could be sure I was in the correct place at the correct time.
A sudden thought struck me. What if it was mis-direction? What if Mom wasn’t going anywhere near Louisiana? What if she was staying in town to do whatever nefarious thing she was doing?
Chills ran down my spine. Tremors not involving the temperature of the car. What if I was totally wrong? The truth might lie right here in town, not several hundred miles away in another state.
I nibbled on a fingernail. Was Mom really sick after all? Taking secret treatments on her own? Facing a major illness without family support? I fought to suppress a sob.
Then my common sense overcame my natural bent toward drama. If Mom were in a bad health situation, there would have to be signs of it – physical signs. 
The last time I’d seen her, there’d been no such thing. In fact, now I thought about it, she looked better than she had for a long time. More youthful, or lively, or something.
A deep breath relieved my tension. Mom was probably one of those dark figures over there. By now, they were becoming less blob-like and had acquired fuzzy outlines.
Bandings of gold and pink and orange streaked the morning sky – dawn sent out advance notice of its appearance.
A bus pulled into the parking lot. With the windows rolled up, I’d had no warning. The sudden looming of a monster black shape on my left caused an unexpected jump in my pulse rate.
The waiting figures became more animated. The sky lightened and details became clear. I spotted Mom, zipping back and forth between small groups. My sedate little mother? Playing socialite of the year? What was she, unofficial tour hostess or something?
As the sun popped over the horizon and light flooded the scene, I continued to watch in amazement as Mom flitted here and there, looking as though she hadn’t a care in the world.
The driver heaved luggage into the gaping maw on the side of the bus. It swallowed obligingly until all the bags were inside. People began boarding in groups of two and three. Mom was one of the first aboard. 
Luckily, she never saw me nor did anybody else. Maybe cars stayed overnight in the bank parking lot on a regular basis.
When the driver climbed inside the bus, I started my engine. It was time for me to go. Oh, I wasn’t joining the tour. I was going to follow the bus. 
Mom would have to leave the group to participate in whatever she was involved in, and I’d be right there to find out and if need be, rescue her from any foolishness.
The bus lurched onto the street and I fell into place a discreet half block behind.
****
Morning rush hour would not be the time I’d recommend to follow someone. Maintaining enough distance behind a bus not to be spotted proved tricky. It needed more skill than I would have dreamed. 
Especially while I tried to keep the bus in sight among dozens of cars, trucks, and other buses, each determined to get where they were going first.
Private eyes are always pictured as being dumb. I have to say, my opinion of the intelligence level of detectives who tailed their victims around city streets, rose ten-fold.
I’d start out six to eight cars behind the bus, for discretion’s sake, before we’d stop. It sometimes kept me from making the traffic light and almost losing my victim, er, bus.
Or I would follow closely enough any passenger could recognize me by glancing out the bus window. I couldn’t see in, of course, thanks to the tinting, therefore I wouldn’t know if someone inside was paying attention to the traffic.
Someone who might know me and give me away to Mom with a casual, “Oh, look, Muriel. There’s your daughter.”
Even on the highway, it proved a challenge to keep a proper distance. Let me tell you, those babies travel. I mean, they put it on eighty and leave it there. 
Since the posted speed limits were lower than that, I could either floor it to keep up and take a chance on getting a ticket, or drop behind and miss the bus pulling off the highway into a stop I didn’t anticipate.
Of course, I’d never seen a bus, tour or otherwise, stopped alongside the road while a stern officer of the law wrote a ticket. 
I finally figured out if I followed by one or two car lengths, a cop probably wouldn’t be as liable to tag me as he might if I were farther behind. 
At least, that was my theory and therefore my spy-in-training operating procedure. Thankfully, I didn’t get an opportunity to test the theory because the Highway Patrol was conspicuously absent.
About mid-morning, as my body started lecturing me on the evils of not eating breakfast, the bus signaled a turn. Ha! Must be a scheduled stop for the tour. 
It was too early for lunch, and I knew these groups didn’t stop for bathroom breaks or snacks. The tour provided everything on board. In fact, from what Mom told me about their snacks, they could probably have skipped lunch entirely.
I was happy to spot a fast food place with a drive-thru lane. At least I wouldn’t starve although I might triple my cholesterol level while staving off hunger pangs. First, though, I’d let the bus reach its destination to make sure I kept it within visual range.
Sighting a large sign down the street, I realized they must be stopping at a well-known pottery place. Good. 
By the time they toured and bought, it would take at least half an hour to forty-five minutes. Plenty of time for me to attend to myself.
Twenty minutes later, I sauntered out of the fast food restaurant, my tummy full of sausage and biscuit laced with melted cheese and a side of semi-greasy hash browns. 
The coffee tasted stale, however it contained plenty of caffeine to fuel me. A quick trip to the ladies’ room and I was ready to roll.
The day was gorgeous. I took a deep lungful of the clear-looking air and immediately started coughing from the exhaust fumes and combined smells saturating the atmosphere. So much for fresh. 
I quickly got inside the car and turned on the a/c. It wasn’t hot outdoors, but at least I knew what kind of air was inside and where it had been.
I pulled the car a few blocks ahead of the pottery place and turned off the motor. As soon as the tour group loaded I’d be able to follow without any trouble.
Another fifteen minutes passed before the bus door opened. A short while later, people began straggling from the pottery. Several carried large, bulky packages wrapped in brown paper. Obviously, they’d done their part to keep the economy stimulated.
Mentally counting, I arrived at thirty-nine before I saw Mom appear. She was chatting away to a woman who appeared to be the tour director. At least I assumed that was what the blazer with the emblem on it meant. Nobody else was wearing one.
They entered the bus and the door eased shut. So. Forty passengers and one tour director. That’s the number I needed to make sure got off and on at each stop. 
If the number dropped below that, it meant my mom had de-bussed, if that’s a word, and I’d know to watch where she went and what she did.
All would be revealed and I’d take whatever action was needed to get her out of whatever jam she’d gotten herself into. 
I pressed my lips together, feeling grim determination in every bone of my body.
Mom was about to be rescued – whether she wanted to be or not.



Chapter 14
By mid-afternoon, I’d lunched in Lake Charles, zipped along Highway 10 through Lafayette in the heart of the bayou country and was well on my way toward Baton Rouge. My body was not happy with me.
Lunch consisted of a greasy hamburger and a greasier order of fries, washed down by a poorly mixed fountain diet soda. 
It was hard not to be envious of the bus trippers who were dining well in a nice-looking seafood restaurant. The descriptions of the eatery, which I’d read on billboards along the Interstate, had tantalized my taste buds. 
By the time I got the burger, I was so ravenous I bolted it. It took a few minutes for my stomach to realize what my mouth just did.
A quick trip to the ladies’ and I was ready to resume my role as a fledgling Mata Hari. As the bus and I rolled toward Baton Rouge, I wondered when the next stop would be and for how long. If Mom didn’t de-bus soon, I would have to assume I’d guessed wrong or she was headed for a larger destination.
I experienced a sinking sensation in my stomach at the thought of trying to follow someone through a huge city with which I was totally unfamiliar. Oh, well. I’d have to hope for the best. 
Maybe she’d get off in Baton Rouge saving me miles and making it possible to handle surveillance in a smaller town more comfortably.
Fighting nausea, no doubt from the grease I’d consumed, I took deep breaths and swallowed almost non-stop. My attention wandered from time to time, since I was immersed in my physical discomfort. 
As a result, I almost missed the bus’s signal to leave the highway. The destination was an outlet-type outdoor shopping mall.
Oh, no. How would I keep up with Mom in a mall? She could go anywhere. Plus, I would be much easier to spot on foot than in a car. At least a car was fairly anonymous. 
It would be impossible to pretend to be anybody other than me if I encountered her face to face inside or outside a store.
The bus maneuvered across several parking spaces in the farther reaches of the mall parking lot and stopped. I hesitated, not sure where I should park. How would I know where the tour group was going to head first? They’d scatter worse than a spooked covey of quail. 
I wasn’t about to let the fact these were seniors fool me. They were lightning fast, especially when they scented bargains.
Stopping between the lines of a parking space, I strained to watch the passengers de-bus. Sure enough, the minute they hit the ground, they took off in every direction. 
I searched for Mom. Not out yet. I tried to count as they left. I soon lost track due to their moves toward different areas.
Mom stepped to the ground. She was talking to the tour director again. The woman consulted a watch, nodded, climbed back aboard the bus. 
Poor lady. I spared a moment of pity for someone who must be absolutely stressed out and exhausted from being charming and informative for ten to sixteen hours a day for forty demanding seniors.
Mom started off slowly, changed direction and headed toward a group of three other women who were already halfway to a clothing outlet store. 
She caught up and they entered the shop together.
Thank goodness! The entrance was within visual range of where I’d stopped, as was the bus. I’d stay where I was for the moment. 
I turned off the ignition and unfastened my seatbelt. I’d have loved to get out and stretch my legs after the hours of driving, but I didn’t dare. 
I’d no idea how long Mom would be in the store. If she left to go to a different place, I would either have to move my vehicle or follow on foot.
I frowned. Solo tailing was more complicated than I’d thought. 
I slid down in the seat until I could peer between the top of the steering wheel and the dashboard. At least it was a different position and I could still see. I’d wait. 
I smothered a yawn.
The big challenge now would be to stay awake.
****
A couple of hours later, I’d parked in five different locations while trying to keep up with my, literally, wandering mother. 
She and her little group of cronies could move farther and faster than most marathon walkers. If her group possessed a racer’s baton, they’d have passed it at least twice to each of them during their shopping spree.
Now it was late afternoon. I continued to sit in my car, rooted to the upholstery. The hands on my watch didn’t change appreciably for the third time in the last quarter hour.
The shoppers stayed in their present location for a good forty minutes. Weariness swept over me. I also needed to find a restroom in the worst way. 
I’d tried not to drink much, yet the afternoon sun beating in the car windows made hydration a must.
Now nature called, and I would have to take a chance. Craning my neck, I spotted a restroom sign between a couple of nearby stores. Thank goodness!
I opened the car door and took a long look at the entrance of the shop Mom had entered earlier. Seeing no one, I began the task of prying myself loose from the interior of my car and standing upright. 
I reached for my purse, as stooped as a ninety-year-old crone.
Running to the ladies’ room would have been a nice option but all I could manage at first was a slow hobble. As my muscles loosened, I moved faster, remembering to turn and check the store entrance from time to time. 
I finally realized the looking was slowing me down and the twisting of my body to sneak peeks was making other muscle aches more acute.
I abandoned my attempts at surveillance and hurried to the restroom and back to the car in record time. As I unlocked the door and started to get inside, I caught a glimpse of movement from the corner of my eye. I turned to get a better look. 
Oh, no. It was Mom’s shopping group and they were headed toward the bus, tightly packed together, bristling with packages.
I was inside with the motor on and my foot easing off the brake when I realized something about the shoppers didn’t seem quite right. 
As I swung the car around the next row of parked vehicles, a sinking sensation in the pit of my stomach, having nothing to do with the burger from lunch, sent my brain into overdrive.
There were people missing. A group of six had entered the store. I craned my neck as I drew closer. Armed with sacks and plastic bags, I counted four heading toward the bus. Mom was NOT one of them.
Surely I hadn’t blown it. I’d only been gone two or three minutes. Surely Mom was still in the store with the other shopper. Or was she already back on the bus? My heart sank.
The little group I’d been following suddenly turned. Feeling guilty, I quickly applied the brakes. Did they notice me creeping along parallel with them? 
A second look convinced me they weren’t paying attention to cars or their drivers. I tried to see what they saw. What was it? Ah, another shopper, also toting packages.
It wasn’t Mom. At least that made five down, one to go. The one remaining must be my mother. I pulled into a parking space where I could look back in the general direction of the store, yet also have a clear view of the bus.
A knot of people had already gathered at the vehicle waiting for the door to open. It seemed fairly safe to assume no one had yet gone on board. I figured if the tour director were inside, she’d have opened up. Especially since most of the travelers held armloads of shopping bags.
I leaned forward, tiredness forgotten, as I began a slow count. Fortunately the group wasn’t moving around much. I suspected they were tired after their spending marathon. Five, including the tour director, and maybe the bus driver, seemed to be missing.
A few minutes later, the driver sauntered around from the other side of the bus. Talking to him in animated fashion was the tour director. The waning rays of the sun reflected off her blazer emblem.
That left three missing people.
Slow minutes passed. The bus door opened, and passengers straggled up the steps and inside. I counted a second time, to be sure. Yep. Thirty-seven accounted for. Three to go. 
I tried to see if Mom was approaching from the store where she’d been. I could slide down in the seat to keep from being spotted.
The tour director stepped off the bus and looked at her watch. Two other shoppers hurried up. She shooed them on board, the door closed, and the bus moved forward. I couldn’t believe it.
Wait! What about Mom? They’d left her behind. Didn’t they realize they were stranding her in a strange town by herself? 
I quickly considered driving wildly in front of the bus to stop them and demanding they search the entire vehicle to see if Mom might be hiding under a seat or something.
Or, yelling at the tour director and suggesting she take counting lessons before her next trip because she’d left one of her charges at the mall.
Dazed, shocked, unsure of what had happened or was about to happen, I automatically followed the bus to a restaurant a few blocks away. I watched the vehicle park and people get off and go inside. 
I counted out loud. “Thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine.” Plus the bus driver and the tour director.
No one seemed distressed, no one upset. I could see the director counting heads as they filed past her toward the entrance to the restaurant. She and I both counted thirty-nine. Suddenly the truth of the matter hit me.
The director was not surprised. She knew one of her tourists had gone missing and she was not in the least perturbed. It could mean only one thing. She’d been expecting Mom to leave the group at the mall.
Second thing it meant, my Mom had already made previous arrangements to be picked up or take a taxi to go wherever she planned to go.
For a moment, I thought about finding the nearest Baton Rouge police station and reporting a missing woman. Then logic kicked in. Mom was not missing. 
She knew exactly where she was and what she was doing. Planned to do it. Had probably done it before.
I was the only one who was upset. There was no choice. I’d have to give up and admit defeat. 
Mom had escaped. 
I knew no more now than I had earlier when I left home to drive to Louisiana. I wasn’t going to know anything more unless I could be better prepared the next time she left town. I’d wasted an entire day and many hundreds of miles.
Fine! I clamped my lips together. I could handle it. Now we’d play hardball. Next time I would find out. Next time.
In the meantime, I was a long way from home. I’d have to drive back tonight since tomorrow was a work day. It was going to be a very long evening as I re-traveled those miles of highway. 
Dinner? Another greasy something I’d call a meal and eat while driving.
It didn’t matter. I’d keep myself awake by plotting for the next sleuthing expedition and trying not to make plans for revenge against my parent.
A myriad of emotions flooded over me. She’s my mother and I love her dearly, but, boy, I sure wanted to disown her about now!



Chapter 15
Tired and bedraggled, I crawled into bed in the wee hours without even brushing my teeth. In fact, I was numb and exhausted to the point where I couldn’t even tell I possessed teeth.
Three hours of sleep didn’t cut it. I did manage to recall where I was and what had happened before I batted the alarm clock across the room. Bleary, bloodshot eyes under a tangled mat of hair stared back at me in the bathroom mirror. Not a pretty sight. Especially at 7:00 a.m.
Two cups of coffee at home and a drive-thru trip at Starbucks jump-started my brain into low gear. I figured another pot or two at the office would kick me high enough so I could function.
Throughout the journey to work and the rest of the morning, my jangled nerves responded to the lack of sleep and the caffeine with a phony brightness. I sounded and looked like Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm meets Carol Channing.
Lunch made it harder to stay awake. Various parts of my body kept sagging onto my computer keyboard, producing strange and wondrous words and symbols on the monitor. I spent more time deleting gobbledygook than I did writing commercials.
At mid-afternoon, the phone rang. I raised my head from the desk, moaned and tried to push away the offending instrument. 
When the noise persisted, recognition slowly dawned. I forced myself to one elbow in a quasi-sitting position and picked up the receiver.
“H’llo?”
“Laurel? Is that you?”
“Uh, huh.”
“Are you okay, honey? You sound funny.”
Honey! The charge of electricity surging through my nervous system should have told me something basic about my relationship to Mike Hudson. Talk about waking the dead!
“Mike, hi!”
“Hi, back. Are you okay?”
I tried to give a light laugh. It came out instead as my infamous gurgle. “I’m fine. A little tired.”
“Up too late last night?”
“You could say that.” The adrenaline rush from the initial reaction to his voice began to wane. I propped my hand against my head to combat the fuzziness again enveloping my brain.
“I wanted to see if we could have dinner tonight.”
I jerked myself away from the warm, seductive waves of unconsciousness lapping at the edges of my mind. “Tonight? Dinner? I don’t think so, Mike. I’m really tired. I’m going to bed early.”
“Are you sure you’re okay? Maybe I should be worried about you.” The concern in his voice almost tempted me to change my answer. Almost.
“I’ll be fine after a few hours’ sleep.” Somewhere around twenty straight. “Could we go tomorrow night, instead?”
“Sure. Tomorrow’s fine. I’ll pick you up at your place about 6:30. Okay?”
“Right. 6:30.” Another wave of warmth flooded over me. I knew I didn’t have much time left before I crashed. When I did, I wouldn’t move again until morning. I needed to get home and fast. 
“I’ve gotta go, Mike. See you tomorrow.”
I slapped the receiver in the general direction of the base, reached in the drawer for my purse, and fumbled for my keys. I hoped walking to the car would wake me enough to drive home safely. 
I sent a prayer heavenward. Right now my guardian angel might need reinforcements!
Fortunately, said angel came through and I not only made it home in one piece, I also managed to weave my way to the bedroom, where I fell across the bed. Somewhere along the hallway I kicked off my shoes.
****
The next morning, I decided sleeping in one’s clothes would never become a favorite habit of mine. As I dressed and sipped coffee, I remembered Mike and I were scheduled for a dinner date. Excellent! 
I couldn’t believe how one night’s sleep had restored me and boosted my energy level back to normal.
I made it through the day and was dressed and ready promptly at 6:30. My spirits ran high. Dangerous, because I tended not to think before I acted or spoke. My greeting to Mike proved it.
“Hey, good-lookin’!” The words popped out of my mouth. I flushed from my toes to my scalp when I realized what I’d said.
Mike stepped back, raised his eyebrows, and gave me a look of astonishment. “Whoa!” His grin flashed out and he reached for my hands. “For such a welcome, I’ll go to the car and come back again.” He pulled me toward him and gave me a light kiss.
I call it light because it was brief. However, it tingled down to my toes. The sensation reminded me of one I’d gotten once when I accidentally stuck my finger into an electrical outlet. I took a deep breath. This was no way to keep our pseudo-engagement on a casual basis.
“Sorry.” Waves of heat traveled up my body. I wasn’t sure I could blame them strictly on embarrassment. I pulled away. “Guess I got a little carried away.” I took a step backward. “Come in.”
As I turned to lead the way to the living room, his arms went around me from behind and pulled me close. Oh, my. I discovered a whole new level of heat waves. 
I tried to break the embrace. When I resisted he let go after he gave me a bear hug.
“Let’s not get carried away.” I tried to speak in a light tone. Between my emotions, which were running rampant, and the residual effect of being kissed and hugged by him, I heard a note of panic in my voice.
“Who’s getting carried away?” His tone tried for innocent. “Can’t a guy hug his fiancée?”
I wheeled and faced him. “We’re not really engaged, remember?”
An unrepentant twinkle deep in his eyes told me he was enjoying my little snit. Something inside wouldn’t let me drop it and move on.
“Simply because you’re helping me save Ross from that girl doesn’t give you the right to – to paw me.”
The minute the unkind, inaccurate words were out, I regretted them. More so when the expression on his face changed from amused indulgence to dark fury.
“Aren’t you exaggerating?”
I tried to steady my voice before I spoke or there would be a tremble in it. I didn’t do confrontations well. “I call them the way I see them.” 
I couldn’t believe I was carrying on such a stupid conversation and overreacting so strongly. I needed to stop. Before things went too far and I ended up without a co-conspirator – and a friend.
“Maybe there’s something wrong with your vision.”
Now he had worked himself up to anger. I couldn’t believe we were carrying on as though we were a couple of adolescents. Next thing we’d be yelling “did not” “did, too” at each other.
I stretched out my hand toward him in a conciliatory gesture. “Mike, I—”
“If you find me so offensive, you probably don’t want to eat dinner with me. Maybe I’d better go.” He turned and took a couple of steps toward the door.
Without conscious volition, my own anger returned. “Maybe you should. I can’t believe you men.”
He swung around. “What do you mean ‘you men’? What are you talking about?”
“Men. You’re all the same. A girl isn’t safe giving a friendly greeting without you guys making something out of it.”
He responded as any man would. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. You’re the one who gave me the big hello!”
Tiredness suddenly washed over me. I didn’t want to have an argument. Who did he think he was? 
Didn’t he realize what an awful day and night I’d endured yesterday? Didn’t he know I was still exhausted and not in the mood to play at relationships? Or to think, or do anything other than allow him to pamper me all evening?
When I didn’t immediately respond, he turned again and reached for the doorknob. “I’ll go.”
He did. Leaving me with tears of frustration and anger running down my cheeks. Leaving me standing and looking at a closed front door and an evening with no Mike Hudson in it.
Welcome to our first quarrel. My tears turned to sobs.



Chapter 16
Life went further downhill the next day. I frantically tried to catch up on my backlog at work. The emotional low I suffered made it hard to be creative and I succeeded only minimally.
About mid-afternoon the telephone rang. To my amazement, it was Jim Parsons. I hoped something hadn’t gone wrong with his new relationship with Ginny.
“Jim, what a surprise to hear from you.”
“Couldn’t stay away from you any longer, Laurel!” His breezy, upbeat attitude rankled.
“Cute.” My sarcastic tone would settle him down. I hoped.
“Seriously though, I was thinking¬—”
Always dangerous for him.
“And I wondered why I had to choose either you or Ginny. I’m a big-hearted guy. I can handle both of you. What do you say? Shall we go out tomorrow night?”
I sat in stunned amazement. Did the guy never quit? What part of no didn’t he understand?
“Jim, I can’t believe you’re inviting me out. I thought you and Ginny were seeing each other.”
“We are. I can also see you, too, can’t I? After all, Ginny and I aren’t married or anything.”
“But I’m engaged!”
“I don’t mind. You haven’t walked down the aisle yet. I don’t see why we can’t still go out once in a while. Surely your boyfriend wouldn’t mind.”
“Fiancé.” I corrected him. My voice sounded dull and lifeless to my own ears. I thought rapidly. Maybe I should go out with Jim. Mike probably wouldn’t speak to me again, or at least not for a long time. 
With my concern about my mom, what she was up to, and now the quarrel with Mike, his taking me for granted— I reminded myself of all the errors my erstwhile fiancé had made and my resolve hardened. I wasn’t dependent on Mike Hudson.
“Fine, Jim.” I clenched my teeth. I’d go out with him and if Mike found out and objected, too bad.
A whisper of caution breezed through my mind. “Remember I’m engaged.”
“Sure, Laurel. How can I forget?” A heavy sigh accompanied the reassurance.
Even with the attendant ham in the statement, for some odd reason it validated me about my worth and desirability in someone’s eyes.
We agreed on a time and I hung up the phone. That should show Mike Hudson.
****
The phone rang when I walked in the door at home. I hurried to answer.
“Laurel?”
My heart dropped to my toes.
“Mike?”
“Yeah. Laurel, look, I’m sorry for being such an idiot last night. I don’t know what got into me. I guess I reacted instead of thinking. Forgive me?”
I bit my lip. “Sure. I overreacted too, Mike. I’m sorry.”
“You’re forgiven.” His tone sounded light, yet I could hear the underlying relief. “How about celebrating our mutual forgiveness?”
“What did you have in mind?”
“Chez Philippe? Tomorrow night?”
I opened my mouth to accept. Oops. I was already committed to a date tomorrow night. I made a face. “I can’t tomorrow, Mike. I’ve already got plans.”
“Ah ha, stepping out behind my back.”
I held out the receiver and looked at it. How did he know? “Actually, you’re kind of right.”
“What?” He shouted the question.
“Well, I was mad at you and Jim called and said he wanted to take me out and not date only Ginny—” 
My voice trailed off. “It seemed a good idea at the time. Anyway, I’m supposed to go out with him tomorrow night.”
“Is our engagement off?”
I couldn’t believe the grimness in his voice.
“No. I don’t know. Maybe.”
“You can’t have it both ways, Laurel. We’re either engaged or we’re not.”
“Don’t be silly, Mike. It hasn’t been a real engagement. We’re pretending, remember?”
“I realize it’s only been a game so far, Laurel. But surely you must know there’s something happening between us? Something real?”
“I—”
His tone of voice became tender. “Admit it, honey. You’re holding back. Let go, Laurel. Let happen what should happen.”
All the old fears and hurts from my former marriage came crowding back. “I don’t know whether anything should happen. Don’t push me, Mike. Take it at face value. Right now, it’s only pretend.”
“Laurel, you know better.”
Anger suddenly flooded over me. “No, I don’t,” I yelled. “I don’t want to talk about it.” I slammed down the phone.
That showed Mike Hudson.
Half an hour later, my mother phoned.
“Hi, honey. I’m ho-o-m-e!”
I gritted my teeth. I’d been hoping Mike would call back. At the same time, I was afraid he wouldn’t. I was too scared to pick up the phone and call him. Regardless, right now I was in no mood for my mother’s little pretenses.
“Hello, Mom.”
“Are you okay, dear? You sound upset.”
I’m upset about driving sixteen hours and having you disappear on me. At least it’s what I wanted to say. I drew a deep breath. There was nothing to be gained by taking out my frustrations on her. 
I made an effort to upgrade my tone of voice. “I’m okay. It’s been a rough day.”
“I’m sorry. I won’t keep you. Wanted to let you know I’m back.”
I couldn’t keep the words from popping out. “And no doubt will be off again next week.”
“How did you know?”
“A lucky guess?” I made it a question rather than a statement. “When do you leave?”
“Oh, next Thursday.”
“Thursday again? I thought your tours usually left on Tuesdays.”
“Usually we do. This time it’s Thursday though. I’ll call you, probably Sunday.” Her response set off my mental alarms.
What did she mean she’d call me? Probably? Why didn’t she say she’d be back on Sunday?
“Sunday, huh? I should be home.” I tried to play it casual. “Going to the same place?”
“Yes, of course.” Her voice squeaked a bit. “I’ve got to run, dear.”
“I know. The laundry.”
“Right. Talk to you later.”
“Bye, Mom.”
I hung up the phone, thoughtful. Now I was really worried. There was something fishy about her call. It smelled from here to the Gulf Coast, and it probably meant another long drive following a stupid bus. 
What I needed was another pair of eyes. I rubbed my aching forehead. Great timing! Now when I could use help, I’d quarreled with Mike.
I groaned. “God, show me what to do.”
I sat with bowed head for quite a while. Unfortunately, God didn’t seem to be in the mood for conversation.
****
I knew I couldn’t depend on Jim to pick an acceptable place to go on a date. If I left it up to him, I’d probably wind up refereeing a sandlot baseball game. Or riding shotgun as he drove a truck in a Monster Mania meet.
My suggestion of dinner and a movie met with his approval. I disliked the idea in a way because I still don’t believe in dates to the movies. 
On the other hand, I had no interest in going somewhere to get to know more about my date. I already knew all I wanted to about Jim.
Especially since the only reason for agreeing to go out with him in the first place was because of my irritation with Mike. 
Also, there was a little niggling thought way back in my brain darting out and shoving an idea forward – an idea to get Mike and me talking again.
I tried not to act huffy when dinner with Jim consisted of dine-in at a nearby fast food restaurant. I swallowed my irritation and a spicy taco combo with what grace I could muster. 
By the time I reached the stage of mopping up the rice and beans with a leftover bit of tortilla, what started as the sprout of an idea blossomed into a full-fledged plant. I knew what I needed to do and got on with it.
“So, Jim, how are you and Ginny getting along?” I figured I could scope out the situation, lead up to my suggestion, and indulge in a bit of harmless curiosity at the same time.
He wiped taco sauce from his jacket lapel. “Um, fine.”
I forced an amused laugh. “That doesn’t say much. Do you think you two might get serious in the future?”
A shrug gave me the answer before he managed a “Dunno.”
“She’s a nice person.” Faint praise but he wasn’t exactly inspiring me to brilliant verbal heights due to his scintillating conversation.
“Yeah, she is.” He gave me a big grin. “Are you jealous? Or do you want to see everybody else caught in the marital mousetrap too?”
It took a minute to figure out he meant my engagement. I shook my head. “No, I’m not jealous. Merely curious. I can’t imagine Ginny being too pleased with your dating someone else.” Especially me.
He nodded. “Nope, she wasn’t, although she did agree when I explained it to her.”
For the tiniest moment the temptation to ask for a rehash of that conversation was strong but I resisted. If I got him started on a long, convoluted explanation, we’d be here all night.
Pushing aside the plastic platter containing the remains of my meal, I rested my elbows on the table and leaned toward him. There was no subtle way to approach this. With Jim, it needed to be straightforward or he’d never get it.
“I’m wondering, Jim, if you’d do me a favor. Maybe play a little joke at the same time?”
His expression brightened. I’m not saying Jim operates a few bricks shy of a full load, but an intellectual he isn’t. I’d keep it simple.
“Joke on who?”
Pausing only a minute to wonder if he should have said whom, I continued on. “Well, Mike, my fiancé and I, had a little fuss, and I was wondering if you might help me straighten things out?”
He gave me a knowing grin. “Made him mad, huh? I sort of remember you can do that to a guy, Laurel.” His expression darkened.
I hurried on. I didn’t want Jim remembering how I’d broken up with him. He might not be willing to help me now.
“He’s a little miffed.”
He cut right to the chase. “What do you want me to do?”
“It’s very simple. I want you to pretend you’re in love with me and take me out this week and the coming weekend. Lots of times. Mike will worry I’m not interested in him anymore and he’ll be sorry.”
Even as I said it, qualms of doubt assailed me. I wasn’t sure Mike would be taken in by such an act. Even though he’d said he regretted his behavior the other night, I wouldn’t mind another apology. 
Also, I needed him to agree to keep the engagement plot going until the Ross and Sandy issue was resolved.
Jim considered my request. I could tell by the look on his face he was thinking it through. I sighed. That could take a while.
I fiddled with the utensils on my plate. Took a straw and folded and re-folded it. Played by sticking the straw in my drink, putting my thumb over the end to hold the liquid inside, letting go and watching the diluted soda pour back into the glass. 
Little activities while Jim went through his thinking process.
After a long pause, he cleared his throat. “I guess it would be okay, Laurel. Ginny’s gone to visit her sister the rest of the week and the weekend. She won’t get upset.”
He grinned, reached across the small table and gave me a punch on the arm. “Can’t let you mess up my social life, can I?”
Rubbing the sore spot, I spoke through gritted teeth. “I wouldn’t want to, Jim. Could we plan to go out tomorrow night? Maybe again Friday? We’ll schedule the weekend later.”
“That’s fine. Say, Laurel, I was going to watch the heavyweight fight on TV at Pete’s Uptown Pub tomorrow. You could go with me.” His look was a combination of hope and doubt.
“Sorry, Jim, no bars. You know I don’t care for them.”
He nodded. “Right. What do you have in mind?”
I patted his hand. “I’ll think of something between now and then and let you know, okay? Pick me up tomorrow night at seven and I’ll tell you the plan.”
His expression brightened. What I was asking was simple. Pick me up. He could manage that.
“Fine by me.” He checked his watch. “Hey, we’d better go. The movie starts in a few minutes.”
I rose and preceded him out the door. The beginning of a headache pulsed in my temples. Fortunately the darkened theater and a mindless movie, as well as not having to carry on a conversation with Jim, would help the headache go away.
The things I endured for my son.



Chapter 17
By the time Sunday morning arrived, I was more than ready for a break from Jim Parsons. Jim’s okay, of course, however a steady diet of his company, brand of humor, and intellectual prowess made me feel like I’d been enrolled in kindergarten all week.
I dressed in a leisurely fashion. I sort of wanted to get to church, and I sort of didn’t. Part of me very much wanted to see Mike Hudson. Part of me dreaded it.
Putting on makeup in the bathroom, I leaned forward and peered into the mirror. My split personality didn’t seem to be showing.
The dread factor was compounded by the memory of my last conversation with Mike. Also by the fact I’d received three phone messages from him. In each succeeding one, his tone of voice sounded a trifle grimmer. 
For the first time, I allowed myself to question whether or not Mike Hudson might have a temper.
Ah, well, it would be an advantage to face him at church. I mean, what is someone going to do there? Jump behind the pulpit and start shouting out verbal indictments against the other person’s character and temperament? Tear a page out of a hymnbook and make spit wads to throw? 
I smirked at myself. No, the most he could do would be to give me the cold shoulder during the social hour. To ignore me and pretend I didn’t exist.
Or flirt with Ginny Doran. I frowned at the little voice in my sub-conscious. I gave a smirk. Ginny was out of town Sunday according to Jim. I wouldn’t have to deal with her at all. Until next week.
I hoped maybe a week from now, I’d have a good reason to explain to Ginny why Mike and I weren’t talking. I shrugged impatiently. Enough. I’d best quit imagining worst case scenarios and finish getting ready.
The reality of seeing Mike Hudson would be quite enough challenge for one day.
****
When I walked into refreshment time before Bible study, I gave a quick once over of the people standing around. Phew. No Mike. For a brief moment, I thought I was home free. Perhaps he’d decided to stay away. It would make life easier.
I sensed someone’s presence behind me. I automatically moved to one side with a murmured “sorry.” The voice that responded caused my knees to weaken and my pulse rate to accelerate to spectacular heights.
“You will go to lunch with me after church.” I could tell by the sound of Mike’s voice and the measured cadence of his words that they were forced from between clenched teeth.
He pushed past me and headed toward the coffeepot. I took a tentative step forward, stopped. What could I accomplish in a room filled with so many too-interested spectators? 
I gave a little wave toward his back, in case anyone was watching to let them think everything was hunky dory and turned to the nearest group.
The girls oohed and aahed over my ring. I’d always possessed good taste, as did my great aunt who originally owned the piece. The guys alternated between casting looks at Mike and back at me. 
I suppose they wondered how he’d allowed himself to get trapped into marriage – or maybe they were envious. My ego preferred the latter scenario.
I didn’t hear any of the lesson or the sermon in church. Instead I kept thinking up ideas for eluding Mike and the lunch he’d commanded. 
Unfortunately, part of me wished we could mend the rift and go back to our old relationship. There wasn’t much time left before Mom headed off again and I truly needed Mike’s help.
As a result, when the echoes of the final song died, rather than try any evasive tactics, I moved into the aisle and headed toward the back. 
Even if Mike hadn’t sat near me in church I figured he was around. He’d show up and approach me in a way to make it look as if nothing was wrong with our relationship. I gave him credit he would protect my reputation.
He stood outside the front door, shaking hands with other departing members. I walked up and stood by his side, the picture of happy engagementhood. I, too, could project a serene façade. I waited as he finished his conversation with an elderly gentleman.
Wheeling toward me, I got a grim-lipped, “Ready?”
I nodded and fell into step with him as he headed toward the parking lot. He opened the car door for me and carefully closed it. I wondered if he wanted to slam it until the window rattled.
To my surprise, he didn’t head toward any of the restaurants we usually frequented. Instead, he got on the freeway leading to the south side of town. 
I opened my mouth to question where we were going, but decided not to speak. I watched the scenery go by and tried to enjoy the beautiful sunny afternoon and to ignore the knot slowly forming in my stomach.
We ended up at one of the larger parks. Once we entered, he found a place near a fishpond to leave the car. One of my favorite spots, the pond was almost the size of a small lake. 
Years back, the city had stocked it with a few Japanese gold fish. Over time, they’d multiplied until now the pond waters seemed to swirl with life. It was a favorite place to bring the family and throw fish food and watch the antics of the koi.
Mike walked over to the edge of the pond and stood, his back toward me, gazing at the water. A light breeze ruffled his dark hair. The scent of dust and dried pine needles wafted through the air. I sat down on a convenient bench.
A few minutes later, he turned and walked over to where I sat. Standing a few feet away, his expression was gentle. “You want to tell me what’s going on, Laurel? Who is the other guy, and why are you seeing him and not me?”
Somehow I’d expected fire rather than kindness. Coming from a strong man with definite ideas, he almost penetrated in one move the defenses and arguments I’d set up.
“I. . .I. . .he’s an old friend.” Chin up, I looked him in the eye. “You and I aren’t really engaged, Mike Hudson. So I. . .I can go out with whomever I want to.” I stared at him, waiting for him to verbally blast me as my ex-husband used to do.
The gentle expression on his face softened more. “I was a real jerk, wasn’t I? I’m sorry. Forgive me. Of course you can do what you want. If you want our engagement to be over, it’s over. You tell me.”
I couldn’t believe the welter of emotions flooding through me in response, the confused thoughts whirling in my brain. 
He was asking me to forgive him? When I’d been the one who’d overreacted because of my attraction to him? I’d escalated the situation into a crisis. 
My attitude stunk. I looked down. I still had so much to learn about acting Christ-like.
“It was that. . .I didn’t—”
Somehow the words wouldn’t come out right regardless of the fact that I knew an apology from me was definitely in order. A tear trickled down my cheek.
Mike leaned forward and gently wiped away the moisture. “Hey, don’t cry.”
“I am not crying.” I gave a loud sniff. “I’ve got something in my eye.” I knew I wasn’t fooling him, not for a minute. Taking a deep breath, I blurted out the best words I could summon. 
“Forgive me, Mike. I shouldn’t have accused you of doing something you didn’t do. I was tired but I shouldn’t have taken it out on you. And I shouldn’t have said those things or yelled at you on the phone. I’m sorry.”
The touch of his hands on my shoulders drew me upward and into a warm hug. “You’re forgiven. Am I forgiven?”
I tried to nod. Since I was held so securely in his strong arms that I couldn’t move my head, a muffled “yes” was the best I could muster.
It was evidently enough, because his arms tightened around me for a minute before he stepped back.
“Good. Look, Laurel. You’re going to have to make a decision. We either continue to let folks think we’re engaged or we don’t. If we stay engaged, you’ve got to keep the men in your life to one. Me. 
“If we don’t stick to the plan, you’re going to lose whatever effect it’s having on Ross. The whole situation with him and that girl may be very close to a resolution. You need to decide – now – and we’ll do whatever you want.”
My insides were in serious agitation. Clasping my elbows, I made my way to the edge of the pond. From the bottom, two giant koi began a slow rise to the surface, obviously waiting for the handout experience had trained them to expect. I stared without really seeing them.
I needed to make a choice. I couldn’t keep bouncing back and forth between Mike and Jim. The whole idea of the phony engagement came about to save my son from a wrong marriage. I frowned. 
The problem was, somewhere along the line, Ross and his girlfriend took a back seat to the excitement of getting to know Mike Hudson and my escalating feelings for him.
Now was the time. I needed to decide if the plan should continue or if I would allow my fears and emotions to possibly wreck Ross’s life. And maybe mine. Somewhere deep inside me a little voice whispered, “Or you could give it to Me.”
I frowned again. Surely God didn’t want me to quit trying to save my son. After all, He’d sent Tony, and Jim, and now Mike into my life. Hadn’t He? 
On the other hand, maybe I was getting in deeper than I’d intended. Maybe God hadn’t helped me. I knew He understood how much I loved Ross and how desperately I didn’t want my son making the same mistakes in a relationship as I did. 
No, God must understand. He couldn’t want me to do nothing.
As for my fears about my growing emotional attachment to Mike, well, I’d handled attractions to men before. It was a normal part of life for any woman. 
I’d always managed to snuff the rapport out when it threatened to grow into something more than I wanted. I could handle this situation the same way.
Making a decision, I turned and walked back to where Mike stood and watched me.
“I want us to continue, please. I’ll do better in the future.”
His smile bathed me in a glow of warmth and approval. “Good. I’m willing.” He held out his hand and we sealed the renewed bargain with a handshake.
I shivered. Another hug would have been nicer.
Shoving away the thought, I spoke up, forcing brightness into my tone. “I don’t know about you but I’m starved. Did you provide lunch for our expedition?”
Mike’s laugh boomed out. “Believe it or not, I did. There’s a cooler in the back of the car and a blanket to sit on. Let’s find a spot in the sunshine and we’ll have a picnic.”
Joy flooded my heart. “I know the perfect place.” I could hardly wait, not merely to satisfy my physical hunger for food, but also to tell him about Mom and her mysterious trip. 
Now I could appeal to him for help, because the situation might prove more of an adventure than I expected.
I directed Mike to a low knoll overlooking the pond and the little grove of trees around it. One lone live oak dominated the area.
After spreading out the blanket where we’d get plenty of sun screened through the partially-leaved tree, Mike opened the cooler.
To my amazement, he handed out several kinds of cheese, a long loaf of French bread, a variety of fruits, deli-sliced ham and turkey and cold bottles of sparkling, fruit-flavored water. The dessert offering was individual slices of cheesecake topped with cherries.
I was impressed and my admiration for him rose several notches. Nothing shabby about Mike. He knew how to take a lady on a picnic. 
Before I could reach for a plate, he’d grabbed my hands in his, bowed his head, and thanked the Father for me, the day, and the food. By the time he finished, my flush wasn’t only from the rays of the afternoon sun.
Mike was a good listener. In between bites, I told him the whole story of my attempt at sleuthing, Mom’s disappearance at the mall in Baton Rouge, and the unconcern of the tour director and driver for a missing passenger. To me, it indicated something pre-planned.
“Wow! You drove back and forth in one day?”
His open admiration did wonders for my ego.
Popping a couple of grapes in his mouth, he chewed for a minute. “You know, Laurel, it’s intriguing. Why would your mother go all the way on a bus to Louisiana with a tour group, only to desert them in mid-trip, go somewhere else, and get picked up by the same bus on its return?”
I gave him a look of respect. I’d not reached that point so far in my thinking. It didn’t make much sense. Mom takes off on her own, later goes back to the tour and gets brought home?
“She’s going to make another trip next week?” Mike’s question brought me back from my musing.
“Thursday. I’ve already asked off at work. In fact, I asked off for Friday, too. I don’t plan to kill myself with the drive again.”
He sat silent for a few minutes, then spoke in a quiet tone. “What can I do to help?”
Relief flooded me. He didn’t make me ask, he’d volunteered. My estimation of Mike went up yet another notch.
“Oh, Mike, would you go with me? Help with the driving and mainly, be there to help keep an eye on the passengers when they get off at a stop. I don’t know if she’ll leave the tour at the same place again. 
“I told you how hard it was trying to keep up with those people going off in different directions at the same time.
“And, of course, if one of us has to, uh—”
He nodded.
“Well, I would really appreciate your going.” I truly was grateful. “I can’t ask Ross to take off work and I’m not sure it would be best anyway, considering everything.”
Mike’s eyes twinkled engagingly. “However, since I’m retired and wise—” He quirked an eyebrow at me.
I laughed. “You’d be the perfect Watson to my Sherlock.”
He stood up and brushed a few leaves from his shirt, straightened and gave me a formal military salute. “At your service, Holmes.”
I jumped to my feet and made a sweeping bow. “Thank you, Watson.” My heart suddenly winged light and free as a bird.
Kneeling, I started packing the remains of the picnic back into the cooler. Mike watched me, hands thrust into his pockets. He appeared to be thinking hard. “Let’s take my car to Louisiana.”
“You don’t have to drive. We can use mine.”
“No, it’ll be better to have a car your mom doesn’t recognize. She won’t be expecting to see you at all, and certainly not with someone else along. It’ll be better camouflage.”
I looked at him with admiration. “Maybe you’d better be Holmes.”
He grinned. “I’m content to be the sidekick, ma’am. Where and when do we need to leave Thursday morning?”
“Early. The bus usually departs at seven. We should be in place by six or so. Some of those folks arrive an hour ahead. They must think the bus will go away without them.”
“No problem. Where’s the pickup point? How far is it from your place?”
“A bank. About a ten minute drive.”
“I’ll pick you up at six, and we’ll be in place and ready to detect by 6:15.”
I laid my hand on his arm. “I really appreciate it Mike, more than I can say. I don’t understand what’s going on, so it’s good to know I have someone to back me.”
“What’s a fiancé for?”
Intensifying the wattage of the look I gave him, I squeezed him arm and said, “I guess I never knew.”
The rest of the afternoon was perfectly lovely.



Chapter 18
Thursday morning, my doorbell rang at 6:00 a.m. on the dot. The loud noise sounded obscene so early in the day. I opened the door. Mike stood there. He saluted.
“Dr. Watson, reporting as ordered.”
My response lacked oomph since I am not an early morning person. Only after several cups of coffee do I begin to bloom. This early, sans infusions of caffeine, it took a real effort to act cheerful and not give in to a desire to snarl.
“I’m ready.” I reached down and picked up a small suitcase and a large bag sitting beside the door.
Mike’s ever expressive eyebrows went up, although he didn’t say anything. Perhaps he sensed he was dealing with an irrational person.
He placed the suitcase in the back; the bag I kept up front. Firing up the engine, he asked in a quiet tone, “Which way?”
I gave him directions in a succinct fashion. It really was early. A short time later, since there was almost no traffic, we pulled into the familiar bank parking lot. I showed him the spot where I’d parked before.
With an approving nod, he slid the car into the parking space, reached down and adjusted a lever. The sudden backward movement of his bucket seat caught me by surprise and I gave a little jump.
He grinned. “Leg room.”
I nodded. I reached for the bag I’d brought and hauled out a giant thermos. Balancing it between my knees, I extracted cups – real ones, not Styrofoam. 
I’d suffered too many bad experiences with flimsy cups full of liquid in vehicles. Foam and plastic cups don’t respond well to sudden inward pressure when someone squashes them due to an unexpected driving situation.
“I knew you were a wonderful woman.” Mike’s exclamation caused an internal response from me close to equaling the temperature of the steaming liquid I poured into a mug.
Without speaking, I handed him the cup of life-giving liquid. I’d remembered he took his black, as did I. 
He took a cautious sip, sighed with pleasure, and took another, bigger sip. “Did you make it?”
“I did.” After my own first sips, my blood began to stir.
“Such talent.”
If he didn’t watch out, with so many compliments, he might see more steam rising from my side of the car than from the cups.
Another sip. He contemplated the coffee, cradling the cup in his hands. “Only one thing could make it perfect.”
I held up my free hand. Balancing my mug carefully on the dashboard, I reached in the bag and extracted a box of half a dozen doughnuts.
“You must be a mind reader.”
“An observer of human nature.” I tried for a solemn mien. “I noticed you always seem to head for the doughnuts first on Sundays.”
He laughed. “My bad habits are more apparent than I realized.”
Nodding, I took another sip from my cup. “That’s right. I know more about you than you think.”
The silence following those carelessly spoken words could only be described as pregnant.
Mike cleared his throat and sipped some coffee before he spoke in a light tone. “We must have grounds for a long talk sometime.”
My heart rate thumped a couple of times and I almost bit my tongue. There I went again. Me and my big mouth.
I searched for a casual response, was fortunately interrupted by a couple of cars pulling into the parking lot.
“Scrunch down,” I breathed, suiting action to the words.
Mike obligingly tried to scoot down in his seat. “I don’t scrunch too well.” He sounded as if he was holding in laughter.
“We don’t want to look obvious,” I whispered.
“Uh, I don’t think they can hear us, Laurel.” The laughter behind the words was now barely hidden.
“Doesn’t matter. We’re sleuths, remember? Sleuths always whisper when they’re on a job.”
His snort was short and explosive. His bucket seat jiggled mine with the intensity of his amusement. Fortunately my coffee was half gone and didn’t slosh.
“Sorry.” His voice quivered with suppressed mirth. “I’ll try to behave.” His hoarse rumble was intensely satisfying to a co-conspirator.
“That’s better.” I sipped again, took a big bite of doughnut as I peeked out the window. “We’re okay. Mom isn’t in either of those cars.”
“Can I sit up again?”
“I suppose. Your car windows are tinted. Maybe they can’t see in.”
“Probably not. Especially since it’s dark.” His voice sounded meek and held no condemnation. I could still hear the underlying humor. I wondered if he was enjoying himself as an experience or having fun at my expense. 
Oh, well, it really didn’t matter. We were here to do a job as comrades in arms and I wasn’t going to be critical.
I reached over and patted his forearm. “You’re a good assistant, Watson.”
“Thank you.”
“Oops. Here come more cars.” I now realized the people outside probably couldn’t see in and wouldn’t know if there were passengers in the car. I still slumped down a little until I could peer out the window. “Look, there’s Mom.”
“Where?” Mike straightened more.
“Oh, rats. She moved. You’ll have to wait until daylight. She’s a black blob now. I caught a glimpse of her while an interior car light was on. She rode with the Carsons. Now we know she’s here and we’re ready to go.”
“The game is afoot.”
“Isn’t that my line?” I playfully punched his arm. Amazing what caffeine did.
“Sorry, Holmes. I’ll try to restrain myself.”
“See that you do.”
****
With banter, fortified by large quantities of coffee, and in Mike’s case, the rest of the doughnuts, we passed the next forty-five minutes. More people arrived, piled luggage on the pavement, and waited for the bus.
It, too, arrived on time and the driver immediately began to stow bags into the luggage compartment. We could see more and more clearly as dawn lightened the early morning sky.
The tour director stood next to the door and checked off the passengers as they boarded. I counted, too. Evidently they were going for the usual forty. At thirty-eight, I wondered if I’d erred.
“What time is it?”
Mike obligingly checked the lighted dial on his watch. “I’ve got five ‘til seven.”
“I think they’re still a couple of people short. They’d better show up soon or they’ll miss the bus. These tours pull out on time.”
“Hmmm.” Mike’s response was drowned out by a sudden screech of brakes. A car careened into the parking lot, raced by us toward the tour group’s vehicles, and came to an abrupt stop. A couple got out, popped the trunk, and hauled out luggage. It was obvious they feared they’d be left behind.
I could imagine the apologies and explanations to the tour director. She nodded, checked off something on her clipboard and ushered the people up the steps into the bus. 
The driver tossed in the newcomers’ bags, slammed the baggage compartment shut, and climbed inside. The director swung on board and the door closed. 
I realized the engine had never shut down when the bus sprang into immediate motion and headed out of the parking lot.
“You’ll have to pay attention.” I figured I’d better warn Mike. “It gets challenging in rush hour traffic.” I was glad for the light now blazoned across the sky. Being able to see clearly would make our tailing job much easier.
****
Mike stayed with the bus as well as a pro. He changed lanes and slowed and stopped, kept the vehicle in sight without missing a trick. The driver negotiated the city streets and headed for the Interstate. 
Only after we were on the highway, headed toward Houston, did I relax and take a deep breath.
I said a prayer for the successful conclusion of our mission. Surely we would find out what Mom was up to and I’d be able to figure out what to do in response. Success would be ours. 
There was a huge amount of satisfaction in the word ours.
Mike drove, intent on the road. Thank you, Lord, for Watson. Settling back against the seat, I relaxed. Right now, I would trust God, and Mike, to get us to where we needed to go. And maybe let myself catch up with a little nap. 
Snuggling down in my seat, I let consciousness drift away on a gentle tide.
****
 “Laurel.”
I struggled up from the depths of sleep.
“Laurel, wake up, honey. The bus is slowing down. I think it’s ready to turn.”
My eyes popped open and I sat up straight, fully awake. “Where are we?”
“We’re on Highway 10 heading toward Louisiana. It’s about eleven. I don’t know if they’re making a pit stop or going to shop.”
“They have a bathroom on the bus.” I rubbed my eyes carefully so as not to smear my mascara and eye shadow. “They must be going to tour somewhere or stop to eat.” I thought about it for a minute, then frowned. “That’s odd, though. I don’t remember them stopping here before.”
“Is it the same tour company?”
I checked the logo and name on the bus ahead of us. A cold chill crept up my back.
‘Mike, it’s not the same. It’s a different outfit from before. They must go to different places. Maybe they don’t travel to Baton Rouge.” I could hear the horror drenching my voice. What had I done? 
Had I sent us on a false alarm? Or was it a legitimate trip where Mom would be a regular tourist with no stolen side trips?
“Don’t panic.” Mike’s deep voice soothed and comforted me. “Wherever they go, we go.” His grin crinkled the corners of his eyes. “The sleuths are hot on the trail.”
“What if she doesn’t disappear anywhere?” I would really feel terrible if it turned out to be a wild goose chase.
“Not to worry. If she stays with the group, we’ll treat it as a little day trip for Holmes and Watson.” He reached over and patted my clenched fist. “Relax. It’s a gorgeous day. Sit back and enjoy my company.”
How could I not? I leaned against the seat and truly did relax. After all, with a man who exhibited such a positive attitude, how could we fail?
By now, the bus had exited the highway and drove at a leisurely rate down the access road. To my surprise, a large country store appeared ahead. A billboard advertised gifts, food, and special candies to tempt the traveler.
Mike slowed down until the bus turned into the parking lot. Then he sped up and went to the next entrance and drove in. I twisted around in my seat to see out the back window.
“There they are. They’ve started getting off the bus and are going inside.”
“Okay. Do you want to go in or wait out here?”
I briefly considered. If I went in there was a pretty good chance Mom would spot me, even though it was a large building. There was no guarantee I could avoid her. Biting my lip, I mulled it over.
“What do you think?” I surprised myself, asking for Mike’s opinion. Where was the calm, cool, collected independent woman who could handle her own life and make her own decisions? 
I stuffed the thought down for later consideration. I might as well use my partner as a sounding board. Like Holmes did with Watson.
Mike pondered for a minute before he spoke. “I’d say, unless you urgently need to go to the ladies’ room, we stay out here. It’s hard to avoid somebody in these kinds of places. You never know when you’ll go around a corner and there they are.”
“I agree. I’m fine for now. Do you need—?” I gestured toward the store.
He shook his head. “Nope. We can always pull off somewhere along the way. The bus wouldn’t get too far ahead of us.”
I started to nod agreement, then was struck by another thought. “Mike, I don’t know the route. There’s no way to tell where they might turn off. We could lose them.”
“Mmmm. Good point.” He reached over and turned on the ignition.
“What are you doing?”
“Preventive maintenance.” His calm response reassured me. “There’s a service station down there. I think it’s safe to go take care of what we need to. If the tour director can get forty people in and out in under an hour, I’ll be surprised. Five or ten minutes won’t make a difference.”
“Go.” I leaned back and watched Mike maneuver out of the parking lot. A minute later he pulled into the service station.
“Rest rooms should be indoors. Meet you inside shortly.”
I nodded. Fortunately I didn’t have to wait. Checking my image in the mirror, I noted the lipstick situation could be better and took an extra ten seconds to apply color. After all, when you traveled with Mike Hudson, you didn’t want to look second-rate.
Blowing a kiss to my mirror image, I wrestled for a minute with a sticky lock, headed back into the main part of the mini-mart. Mike stood at the counter, paying for something. I walked up to him.
He turned. “Hi. Thought I’d pick us up a snack.”
The clerk shoved a good-sized bag toward him along with two giant-size soft drinks.
I gestured toward the drinks. “Are those such a good idea? We might regret it later.”
He grinned. “It’s okay. We can handle it. A growing boy like me needs his nourishment. And something to wash it down with. Besides, I think you drank most of the coffee.”
His teasing drew an answering grin. “I think I did. Only because you deserved to have a traveling companion who resembles a human.”
He chuckled.
We were quickly back in the car. Turning under the freeway, we headed toward the store where the bus was parked. I checked the clock on the instrument panel. “Seven minutes total.”
Mike nodded. “Good. We’ve plenty of time.”
Pulling into the store parking lot, I saw the tour bus parked in the same place. No signs of anyone returning to it yet. I heaved a silent sigh of relief. 
Logic dictated we’d make it okay, although after losing mom at the mall, I’d endured a few qualms.
I picked up my drink and took a long pull on the straw. “What’s in the sack?”
****
Forty-five minutes later, I brushed salt from my shirt. The remains of potato chips, peanuts, and a kind of cookie with sugar crumbles on top made me look as though I’d been hit by a miniature snowstorm.
“I’m making a mess in your car.”
“No problem. I’ll take it to a car wash when we get home.” Mike took a big swig of his drink. “See anything yet?”
I looked toward the building entrance. “No. Wait. Yes, there come people now.” My heart leaped in hope. The way it had every time anybody left the store during the past half hour. Each time, they’d headed for a car, an SUV, or a pickup, not the bus.
Suddenly – bingo! A group of three headed toward the large vehicle. The bus door swung open and the driver stepped to the ground. The tour director appeared in the doorway of the store and was shooing people along.
Holding my breath, I automatically started to count. Was now the time? Would Mom disappear?
“There she is.” It was Mom. I relaxed. Chatting with two other ladies, she headed toward the bus. To my relief, she climbed on board with her friends, and the rest of the passengers followed in a steady stream.
“I’ll bet they’ve got time to make up,” Mike said. “It’s almost lunch. Will they stop at a restaurant to eat?”
I stared at him in horrified silence. Lunch. Of course. The bus must have stopped for an early lunch. These folks were now fed and watered and would head to wherever they were going. I bit my lip.
“Mike, I’m sorry. I didn’t think. They probably just ate lunch. I doubt if they’ll stop now for at least a couple of hours. I never thought—” 
My voice trailed off as I realized we’d been so worried about not being seen and getting back to the parking lot to keep watch, the thought of a meal never entered my head.
The sack of snacks now lay flat and empty. We might be full at the moment, but if the bus didn’t stop anywhere for several hours, we were going to be mighty hungry before we saw anything resembling a meal.
He reached over and patted my hand. “It’s okay, Laurel. We’ll survive. We can always do a kamikaze run in and out of a drive-thru.”
I looked at him, my mouth ready to argue about the wisdom of losing visual contact with the bus, when I realized he was joking. The twinkle in his eye belied his words.
He patted my hand again. “I won’t let you starve.”
The bus pulled out of the parking lot. Conversation ceased as Mike discreetly followed the bigger vehicle onto the access road and headed for the highway.
One stop down. Who knew how many to go? Or where we were going? It had truly become a bigger mystery than either of us bargained for. 
I could only hope and pray mom would make her move, if there was to be one, soon. I didn’t want to have to watch her day and night. I was afraid Mike’s good humor might be severely stretched if we had to sit in a car overnight keeping surveillance on a motel room door.
Of course, being a parent myself, I understood the anxiety people felt for their child or children. But nobody ever told me it worked the same with aging parents. I drummed my fingers on the armrest.
How long would the drive continue?



Chapter 19
Mom must have found this tour under the slow-boat-to-China listings. I’d never stopped in so many small towns in the span of two hours. 
Each one evidently produced a new wonder for the tourists, because they bounced off the bus with the enthusiasm of a bunch of teenagers going to a video arcade. Watching them made me tired.
I’d volunteered to drive several times. Mike always thanked me and refused. I didn’t know if he was one of those men who don’t trust women’s driving, or if he just preferred to stay behind the wheel of his own vehicle. 
No matter. At least as passenger, I could move around a bit by squirming or rummaging for something in the back seat.
Eventually, in a town I’d never heard of, we found a burger joint with a drive through. We zipped in and out of the take-out lane faster than the proverbial speeding bullet. 
At least we got something to eat before we dashed back to where the bus waited for its passengers to re-board.
The grease could almost be wrung from the burger and fries. By now I could have cared less. I was starved and bolted the whole meal in less than ten minutes.
“Hope you’re not worried about cholesterol.” Mike popped the last bite of his burger in his mouth. “We probably just ate a whole week’s worth.”
I laughed. “I try to watch what I eat at home on general principle, so it’s not a big deal if I occasionally go overboard. Besides, there haven’t been a whole lot of choices. Most of these small towns we’ve been through don’t have a restaurant on every corner.”
“That’s for sure. I just hope at some point we join back up to the Interstate.”
“Are we lost?” Fear gripped my heart.
“It’s hard to be lost when you’re following a big bus.” Mike’s solemn words were belied by the laughter in his brown eyes.
“Oh, that’s true. Maybe they’ll get back to civilization soon.”
“Here we go again.” Mike turned on the ignition and put the car into drive.
Craning my neck, I saw the bus pull onto the street and drive toward what appeared to be the outskirts of town. I’d never noticed the people boarding. 
My temperature climbed a few more degrees. How embarrassing! Here I was, supposed to be concerned about my mother, and I didn’t even remember her. Panic suddenly hit me. “Mom. Did you see her?”
“Dunno. I wouldn’t recognize her. Forty people did get back on the bus not including the tour director and the driver. I guess we’re pretty safe.”
My chastened silence lasted a good many miles.
****
At last the day began to fade. There had been four more stops during the afternoon. A dinner break must be coming up soon. 
Plus we couldn’t be too far from Baton Rouge. The highway curved back to the south and east so we should be headed in that general direction.
I looked sideways. “Mike, you must be exhausted. You’ve been driving all day. Won’t you let me spell you for a while? They’ve got to stop soon for dinner. We could change places while they eat.”
He shook his head. “I’m still good.” He drove for a minute, straightened. “There he goes again.”
Sure enough, the bus flipped its turn signal indicator for another right turn. I idly wondered if they ever turned left, then shook my head. Not important. 
A long, low building appeared. As the bus pulled in and we drove slowly past looking for another entrance, a big sign proclaimed “Moe’s Crawfish Shack.”
“Crawfish! Oh, one of Mom’s pet hates.”
“She doesn’t care for seafood?”
“She does in general – not crawfish though. I think she tried them one time years ago and said it was gross the way people ate them.”
“Some folks think they’re really good.” Mike’s mild tone wouldn’t have offended anyone. Except a tired and frustrated me.
“So if you want to eat them, fine. I pass.”
“Doubt if you’ll get the chance.” A twinkle cast in my direction showed his unfailing good humor. It also reminded me of the truth of his statement. At the rate things were going, it might be a very long time before dinner became an option for the two of us.
“You’re probably right.” I turned to inspect the countryside through the back window and on the sides of the highway. “I don’t see anywhere else to eat, do you? Not even a service station.”
“Nope.” He gestured toward the instrument panel. “We’ll need to find one before too long. It’d be a shame to run out of gas while pursuing a wanted woman.”
“That would be a disaster.” I peered around frantically. “Should we drive on and see if there’s a station farther down the road?”
“Yeah, we’d better. I don’t want to take a chance. Since we don’t know exactly where we’re headed or how long it’s going to take to get there, we’ll need to do a little searching while the passengers are tied up for at least twenty or thirty minutes.”
“Probably longer. Although if they called ahead—“ I thought for a minute. “No, we should be okay for a while.”
“Let’s go then.” Mike pulled back onto the highway.
Five miles down the road, nothing showed up. No gas. No restaurants. No people.
Mike crossed over the highway to head back. “Let’s see if there’s a town connected to the restaurant. Maybe there’ll be something inside the city limits.”
I snorted. “If there’s a city.”
“Well.” He gestured toward the gas gauge. “There’d better be.”
Tense now, I squinted through the dusk of early evening. Not until we’d bypassed the restaurant as we traveled in the opposite direction did I spot a small sign reading “Thibodeaux, 2 mi.”
“Look.” I grabbed Mike’s arm.
The car swerved the least bit. “Easy, Sherlock. Don’t surprise me while I’m driving.”
“Sorry. I was relieved to see a sign of life.”
He gave me one of his killer grins albeit one a little tired around the edges. “Let’s see what we can find.”
Mike turned onto the indicated road and sure enough, in a short time, a small town lay ahead. A few buildings showed lights inside. The streets were deserted. No people walked around; no other cars drove by.
I shivered. “Kind of spooky.”
“Looks like an alien movie, doesn’t it? He deepened his voice. “Strangers arrive in the small town at night. They need help with their broken down car. Nobody seems to be around. . .but —”
Mike’s narration was intended to amuse, I’m sure. Nevertheless it sounded entirely possible to my tired imagination.
“Ha!”
It was all I could do not to scream. “What? What?”
“There.”
He triumphantly pointed ahead to a small building, lighted outside with a low wattage, naked bulb dangling above a sign reading “Al’s Garage.” A lone gas pump sat to the right. A glow inside the building gave hope Al might still be around.
Ten minutes later, with a full tank, we pulled out of town and headed back to the restaurant. I tried to quell panic. We’d been gone a lot longer than I’d anticipated. I could only hope the bus hadn’t left without us – or without my mother.
Our entrance into the restaurant parking lot, at a faster pace than we left it, generated a bit of tire squeal. I gave Mike a surprised look. Perhaps he wasn’t as calm and collected as he appeared.
We stopped where the bus door was visible. The driver stood outside and a gaggle of people emerged from the restaurant, headed toward him.
I clutched Mike’s arm. “Oh, no. Do you suppose we’re too late? Maybe we’ve missed part of them?”
“Hard to tell.” His voice sounded grim. “We’ll have to count and see how many there are.”
I sat tense and apprehensive, counted the passengers as they boarded the bus. I saw the tour director exit the restaurant and stroll leisurely toward the vehicle.
“Thirty-seven, thirty-eight.” I was oblivious to Mike, or anything else. I finished counting people. Thirty-nine.
“Mike, how many did you count?”
“Same as you. Thirty-nine.”
“Do you suppose somebody got aboard before we returned?” I clutched at the hope.
“Maybe. The bus driver didn’t get outside at any of the other stops, though, until time for them to begin boarding.”
He really should be Sherlock. The driver’s action had been a worthy observation. One I’d missed.
The tour director stood at the open bus door, chatting to the driver. Her clipboard was down, indicating all the passengers were on board. Yet they seemed in no hurry.
Perhaps they were waiting on the last passenger. Mom. The missing tourist must be her. She. Whichever. Anyway, either she’d again given me the slip or – or I didn’t know what.
“Do you want me to go ask?”
Mike’s quiet voice settled a degree or two of my panic. I thought a moment. Would it help or hurt? Would they tell us anything? Two strangers appearing out of nowhere, at night, asking about an elderly passenger? Doubtful.
“No.” I paused. “No, maybe she’s still inside the restaurant.” I bit my lip. “We’ll have to take a chance, I guess, that she’s really not on the bus.”
“Roger.”
We sat in silence. Apprehension flooded over me, wave after wave. I don’t know what Mike thought. To me the tension inside the car felt thick and suffocating. I lowered the window for a breath of air.
It didn’t help.
A few minutes later, with all but one on board, the bus pulled out and headed for the highway.
I realized I clutched Mike’s hand.
He squeezed my fingers. “Here’s hoping.”
We continued to sit, watched the front door of the restaurant.
A couple of minutes later, the door opened. My mother sauntered out, looking as nonchalant and innocent as a baby. I started to open the car door and go to her.
“Wait, Sherlock. Let’s see what she does.”
That calmed me. Of course, we should continue to watch the next development in the saga. If I dashed forward now, protective instincts aflutter, we’d lose the advantage we’d driven to gain. 
The point was to find out what my mom was up to. This was our chance.
A few minutes later, part of the solution arrived. By now the darkened parking lot cast long shadows from the building and the customers’ vehicles. 
Visibility was limited everywhere except on the porch, where subdued lights held the night at bay.
Tires screeched into the parking lot. My mom straightened. A Lincoln town car swept up before the porch. The brake lights flashed red. 
A dimly seen masculine-shaped figure got out, hurried around and opened the trunk. Mom waved toward the porch and the driver strode over and picked up a suitcase stowed behind a rustic bench.
Taking Mom’s elbow, he escorted her to the passenger’s side of the car and helped her in. He went around to the trunk, tossed in the bag, and got in the car.
“Quick, don’t lose him.” My voice sounded high, my panic almost tangible.
Mike’s immediate response was more than satisfactory. Before the Lincoln could get its headlights on, our car’s engine revved and we rolled forward. Mike left the headlights off.
The Lincoln swung onto the highway and sped up immediately. The advantages of a V-8. Mike floored it and pulled in right behind. As we entered the highway, he flipped on his headlights.
Thank goodness for the darkness. There was no way the people in the Lincoln would suspect a tail. We could follow closely enough to make sure we didn’t lose them.
“What’s around here?” Mike asked as he negotiated a curve.
“I haven’t the foggiest. I’ve never been in Louisiana much, and certainly not off the main highways.”
“We’re not heading toward Baton Rouge. Wrong direction.”
My heart sank. How did men know such stuff? Here we were, out in the wilderness, at night, with my mom in a car with a stranger. Well, I didn’t know the man was a stranger. In fact, Mom wouldn’t willingly go off with a stranger.
All the dark suspicions I’d feared before came crowding back as we drove and drove. Gambling, Mafia, white slavery, kidnapping. On and on. 
A note of sanity sounded in the back of my lurid thoughts. Maybe I was missing my calling. Maybe I should write thrillers instead of commercials.
“They’re slowing down.” Mike’s comment interrupted my speculations. He removed his foot from the accelerator and let the car decelerate.
He was good at sleuthing.
A minute later the Lincoln disappeared after making a left turn. With no traffic behind us, Mike slowed our car to a crawl. A small sign read County Road 135.
We stared at each other. Mike shrugged and turned his car to follow. We could barely see the red of taillights disappear around a bend in the secondary road.
“Don’t lose them.”
My cry spurred Mike to barrel down the road mimicking a wannabe Indy 500 driver. As we rounded the bend the Lincoln had traversed moments before, a second glimpse of taillights tantalized as the car took a right turn.
Thank goodness the driver of the Lincoln believed in giving signals, even on apparently deserted roads.
Again, we slowed and rolled up to the right turn. Our headlights revealed an impressive set of white metal gates standing open. A sign on the right read Bayou Plantation.
We goggled at each other. If my expression resembled Mike’s, we must look like a pair of land-bound trout. A sudden creaking noise brought us back to reality. The gates began to close.
“They’re shutting the gates. Hurry!”
Mike didn’t need my shriek to spur him on. The car leaped forward. We whipped through the gates with only inches to spare. The clang we heard behind us made it clear we’d committed to a course of action. 
The only place to go now was forward.



Chapter 20
I lowered the car window halfway. Above the purr of our engine, I could hear the night noises common to large undeveloped stretches of land. 
The musty scent of underbrush mingled with a tantalizing sweet odor as the crisp evening air blew refreshingly in my face. What was the aroma? Magnolias? Honeysuckle?
Intrigued, I almost let myself follow the comfortable bunny path of plant identification.
“So what do we do now, Sherlock?” Mike’s voice pulled me back to harsh reality.
“Well. . .” I heard the quiver in my voice. Clearing my throat, I tried again. “We follow the road. It must lead to a building or a town or something.”
“I think we’re on private property.”
“Probably true. Too bad though. My mother’s been kidnapped, and I’m going to find her. Drive on.”
I didn’t mean to sound rude and give orders as though I were an imperious monarch. Mike set the car in motion without a response. 
As we followed a curving graveled drive, from time to time the headlights picked up a glimpse of giant trees, with long strands of moss swaying silver in our high beams. The occasional chirp of a cricket penetrated above the sound of the motor. The insect noises made things seem reassuring and normal.
We must have driven a quarter of a mile before Mike spoke. “There.”
I looked ahead. A large white building loomed, gleaming in the moonlight. It must be the main plantation house. Drawing nearer, I saw a curved driveway sweeping around to a front entrance. 
The Lincoln was parked by a flight of stairs leading to ornate double doors. The glow from lights inside testified people were there and awake.
My stomach and throat suddenly seemed to want to become more intimately acquainted. Confrontation was near. What was I going to say? What would my mom think? What did it mean?
Mike’s hand squeezed mine in reassurance. I squeezed back. Thank God for him. How much strength I’d already drawn from Mike’s presence on our expedition.
He steered the car in front of the Lincoln and cut the engine. The volume of night noises intensified.
Mike turned toward me, a black silhouette against a silver moonlit backdrop. “We’re here. Now what?”
I pondered only a moment. “Now we go knock on the door and ask for my mother. After that – who knows?” I tried to speak bravely, but knew my tone wavered.
“Lead on, Sherlock.” Mike’s deep tones reassured and comforted. “Watson is right behind.”
I climbed out of the car and stood for a minute, stretched and worked out the stiffness from my muscles. I’d sat for way too many hours. 
When I was physically loosened up, I moved forward. I only wished I could exercise my mental muscles to get out the kinks paralyzing them.
God, tell me what to say. The plea was sincere, the response immediate and complete. Peace washed through me. I could do all things through Him Who strengthened me.
Emboldened, I marched up the stairs, Mike close behind,  and rapped loudly with the polished brass knocker. The echo of metal on metal sounded loud in the quiet night.
A few minutes later the front door jerked open. A seventy-ish man with balding head and gently rounded paunch stood there. His casual attire of jeans and long-sleeved shirt didn’t help in identifying his role.
“Yes?” He barked the question.
I cleared my throat. “We’re looking for Mrs. Muriel Williams.”
A look of astonishment crossed his face. “Wha—”
My mom’s voice sounded behind him. “Oh, Tom, it’s Laurel. My daughter, Laurel. And a man. What on earth are they doing here? Invite them in, dear. Invite them in.”
Dear? My heart plummeted, bounded back up. What was going on? 
Without conscious thought, I tried to make my voice echo the question as my mom peered around the man in the doorway. She stepped forward.
“What’s going on?” I managed to croak.
“Laurel, honey. I’m glad to see you. I should have known I couldn’t fool you. I’ll bet you and your nice-looking man—” she gave an appraising look at Mike –“followed me, didn’t you?” 
My mom’s perky attitude and total lack of fear or guilt sent my brain into whirls.
“I, ah, what’s going on, Mom?” I could hear the note of pleading in my voice as I turned once more into her little girl.
She laughed. Actually, she giggled, reached forward, grabbed my arm, and pulled me into the house. “Come in, dear. Bring your young man with you.”
As she tugged me forward, I looked back. Was Watson there? Sure enough, Mike followed, looking as dazed as I probably did. He also looked reassuringly big and husky at the same time.
The older gentlemen who’d opened the door stood aside as Mom ushered us in. He, too, was now smiling, seemingly delighted to see the rescue team of Holmes and Watson on his doorstep.
Even if my mind suffered from fuzziness and confusion, my eyes worked fine. They sent immediate images of what they saw to my brain. 
My thoughts cleared and I realized, with awe, I stood in the entryway of one of the most beautiful houses I’d ever seen.
My mouth dropped open as I tried to take in the curving dual staircases leading to a landing. A balcony encircled the second story. 
Huge crystal chandeliers hung in the entry hall and others could be seen through a double doorway indicating a living room or a parlor.
Glancing down, I realized the intricately patterned carpet beneath my feet was not only expensive, but also probably historical. 
Gleaming wood, cream-colored walls, and gorgeous antique furniture blended into the kind of home every woman fantasizes about at least once in her life. I expected to see Scarlett O’Hara sweep down the staircase at any moment.
“Mom?” My voice sounded overwhelmed. I turned toward her for explanations.
She responded by leading me into a large parlor, filled with old-fashioned furniture and décor, luxurious in every detail. My legs gave way in response to my turbulent emotions and I collapsed onto a settee that might be a museum piece. 
“Laurel, you were so smart to find me.” Mom looked at me with approval. She reached back, tugged Mike forward, and gave him a gentle push toward the settee. “Introduce me to your friend.” She looked at Mike with a motherly stamp of approval in her eyes.
I regained a little of my poise. “And you must introduce me to yours.” I hoped the dryness of my tone would register, as would my stare at the gentleman who stood watching our little scene, a look of enjoyment on his face.
“Of course.” Mom walked over to him and slipped her hand beneath his arm. “You first.” She pinpointed Mike with her gaze.
“This is Mike Hudson, a friend of mine. Mike, my mother, Muriel Williams.” It wasn’t the most stellar introduction I’d ever made, I have to admit. It was the best I could do under the circumstances.
“Mike. I’m delighted to meet you.” She turned toward the man next to her. “This is Tom, Laurel. Thomas Seymour.” She hugged his arm and looked at me proudly. “My fiancé.”
What? Every muscle in my face went slack while my brain tried to absorb and translate what I’d just heard.
“Fiancé? You?” I swallowed a hysterical laugh bubbling up in my throat. “You’re engaged?”
Mom nodded, a defiant look on her face. “Actually, we’re getting married tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow!”
I heard a gurgle from Mike. It was about time Watson surfaced. Although he had no real stake in any of this melodrama, it helped to know he was on the job and would back me up if I needed him.
“I wasn’t going to tell you, Laurel, until after the ceremony. Somehow – well, I wasn’t sure you’d understand. Now you’re here, you’re invited. You and your friend, Mike.” 
Her eyes twinkled as she eyed my left hand, where the big stone in my ring sparkled and danced in the light. “Maybe something more than a friend?”
There was nothing I could say. Bless Mike’s heart he only remained stunned for a minute. He stood, pulled me to my feet, put his arm around me.
“Laurel and I are engaged, Mrs. Williams.”
“How wonderful! Congratulations! When’s your wedding?” She giggled again. Completely unlike my mother. “Maybe we should have a double ceremony tomorrow.”
Amid the following hugs, handshakes, and congratulations, I performed on automatic. I felt detached, standing away from my body watching four people I didn’t know act out their roles of prospective brides and grooms.
Suddenly Mom turned to her husband-to-be. “Tom, dear, I know they’ve got to be tired and hungry.” She looked at Mike and me. “Would you two like something to eat?”
I opened my mouth to deny the need for food, but saw the look on Mike’s face. Of course he was hungry. So was I.
“Sure, Mom, something to eat would be lovely.”
Tom walked over to the fireplace and reached for a bell pull on the wall. He tugged twice.
Only seconds later, the perfect butler entered. Every inch of his clothing and demeanor proclaimed old money.
What on earth had my mother gotten herself into?
****
That thought continued to run ticker tape-like through the back of my mind over the next hour. Soon, a tray was brought, loaded with delicious sandwiches, a bouillabaisse to die for, and large wedges of pecan pie. It was accompanied by the best decaf coffee I’d ever tasted.
The meal made me want to act not only more human, it also inclined me to be understanding.
A niggle of hurt throbbed in one corner of my brain. Why did Mom fear I wouldn’t understand her desire to re-marry?
Would you?
The little voice asking the question got suppressed. It was something I’d have to think about later. Tomorrow. I shook my head. Now I was responding like Scarlett.
The four of us munched and drank and got acquainted. On the surface, everything and everyone was cordial and accepting. 
Underneath, I still wasn’t sure if I cared for a man I didn’t really know marrying my mother. Regardless that he was a retired federal judge. Yep. Turns out that’s what he used to do for a living. My Mom, Mrs. Judge Seymour! She’d love it.
In the middle of my silent ruminations, I couldn’t help it. I yawned. A big yawn. I patted my mouth. “Sorry. It’s been a long day.”
Mom giggled. “Yes, I know.”
Mike and I exchanged a grin. I thought to myself she didn’t have a real clue. 
She’d been riding the bus anticipating what apparently was the culmination of a relationship, while Mike and I, particularly me, were stressed, underfed, overly apprehensive, and now, stuffed with wonderful food and more revelations than I’d ever dreamed.
No, she couldn’t possibly know. “I guess we’d better go.”
“Don’t go.” Tom leaned forward. “There are plenty of bedrooms here. Stay the night. Then you’ll be here for the wedding tomorrow morning.” He beamed goodwill at us.
“Oh, I don’t think—”
Mom’s eyes lit up brighter than Fourth of July sparklers. “Please Laurel. That’s a wonderful idea, Tom.” She patted his hand and gave him a look of adoration and approval. “Thank you.”
I knew Mike must be tired, especially after doing all the driving. I raised my eyebrows at him in a question.
He responded in a gentlemanly manner. “That’s very kind of you, Judge Seymour, Mrs. Williams. I know Laurel wants to be here tomorrow. Since we’re not familiar with your part of the world, I’m afraid finding a hotel would be a challenge.”
My mother managed to look approving and shocked at the same time. It was clear she hadn’t thought about the impropriety of our being left to our own devices for the night and she obviously didn’t want to take any chances.
If it wouldn’t have been impolite for me to roll my eyes heavenward, I would have.
“Please.” She added her invitation to the judge’s. “You can go to bed right now. The ceremony’s not until ten-thirty tomorrow morning. 
“Afterwards there’ll be a little reception for a few friends. Then Wilkins will drive us to New Orleans to catch a plane to Europe for our honeymoon.”
A chauffeur and a European honeymoons. Goodness! My mother had really moved up the social ladder.
Enough thinking. My brain was tired, my body exhausted, and my emotions still sloshed up and down inside my head like laundry during the rinse cycle.
“We’ll stay.” I thought I’d read Mike right. I heaved a silent sigh of relief when he nodded approval. Poor guy. He must be completely wiped out.
“Good.” The judge rose. “Tell Wilkins if you need anything. He’ll get your luggage and show you to your rooms.”
Mother stood and again linked her arm through his. “I can’t tell you how happy it makes me, Laurel, to have you here for the wedding.”
I nodded. “Me too, Mom. Me too.”
Wilkins entered and stood at first class butler attention. “This way, madam, sir.” He wheeled and started out the door. 
Mike and I trailed along. I was a bit less intimidated to discover Wilkins was the butler as well as the chauffeur. Perhaps things weren’t quite as grand as I’d believed.
“Good night.” I spoke to the room at large.
“Good night, dear. Good night, Mike.” The lilt in Mom’s voice almost brought tears to my eyes. I hadn’t heard her sound so joyful in several years.
“Laurel. Mike.” Tom’s voice echoed hers.
We followed Wilkins’ elegant self up the curved staircase. Once upstairs, part of me wanted to stand and look around at the new wonders revealed, but the rest of me only wanted a bed.
“You’ll be in here, Miss Laurel.” He nodded toward a room then walked a couple of doors farther. “You’re in here, sir.” He held out his hand. “If you’ll give me your keys, I’ll bring up your cases.”
Zombie-like now, I opened the door. “Goodnight Mike. Thank you for everything.”
“See you in the morning, Holmes.”
I giggled and wondered what Wilkins would make of Mike’s comment. In a daze I stood by the door until Wilkins knocked and handed me my small suitcase. I somehow managed to get undressed, put on my gown, and fall into bed.
I’d think about it all later. Tomorrow. I’d think about it tomorrow. As I snuggled deep into the covers, a high-pitched voice ran through my tired brain. “Lawsy me, Miss Scarlett.”



Chapter 21
Sometimes when I awaken, conscious thought and unconscious perception merge and gradually bring me into a level of awareness. At other times, it’s a snap of the fingers as though a hypnotist were bringing a subject back to the present.
The next morning, my awakening took place with a snap. I went into being a hundred percent awake, completely alert, and incredibly well rested.
The blankets provided a warm cocoon as I readjusted the pillow beneath my head and snuggled deeper. 
A quick peep at the bedside clock told me there were several hours before anyone would demand anything of me.
Time to think. It’s what I’d needed and now it was here. Time to try to understand, to examine the many aspects to the whole situation – to my life. I wondered if God had awakened me. Maybe He wanted to give me some input.
I squirmed. My mind leaped into overdrive as I fought back the mental promptings and did what I should have done a long time ago. I talked to my Heavenly Father.
“Lord, I guess You’re not very happy with me about now, huh?”
No response. I gulped. “I wasn’t trying to do Your job by taking things into my own hands.”
“Really?”
The thought made me cringe. Oops, we were about to have a dialogue. I wasn’t sure I was ready for that.
“Lord, You know how much I love Ross and how much I don’t want him to make the same stupid mistake I made by marrying the wrong person. My marriage was a disaster. Don’t You remember?”
“I remember.”
“Well, so You can understand why I don’t want him to mess up the same as I did.”
“You might have asked for help.”
I could have sworn I detected hurt in the comment.
Guilt flooded me. He was right. I could have. I should have. I’d been so sure my way was best. Instead, I’d thrown my plans at Him and asked for His rubber stamp of approval.
I sat upright in bed, the better to argue my case. He spoke again before I could say more.
“What about your manipulating and trying to control other people’s lives? And the deceit and lies you’ve used? Don’t you know, daughter, these things don’t honor me?”
“I. . .” I hung my head. Conviction grew in my soul. Indeed I’d not only run ahead of God, I’d ignored most of the fundamentals He’d given us to live by.
“Are you any nearer to seeing Ross’s situation resolved?”
“No.” Shame intermixed with guilt, then came conviction. Tears flowed from my eyes. “I didn’t mean to do anything wrong.”
“You have though. You need to make it right.”
“Father, forgive me. I’ve lied, deceived, manipulated and tried to control plus a whole lot of other things.” I sobbed. “It doesn’t make any difference, does it, that I thought I was doing it for the right reasons and for my son?”
“Ross is MY son, too.”
That comment struck hard. Of course, He loved Ross more than I did. And I hadn’t let Him have a mortal father’s amount of input, let alone the input of the All-Powerful Heavenly Father.
“What do You want me to do?”
“Confess, repent, seek forgiveness where it’s needed and let Me work it out. I will do exceedingly abundantly above and beyond all you can ask or think.”
“I will, Lord, starting today.”
I continued to bring everything to His throne of grace. Mom, her marriage, Ross, Sandy, Tony and Jim, the pseudo-engagement. 
I lay back, clean and emptied of the wrong things that had sat inside me and motivated my actions for far too long. 
Now I would see what God wanted to do.
****
Later, I finished dressing. Fortunately, in the small suitcase I’d brought on the trip, I’d included a nice outfit. 
I’d intended to use it as a disguise if we needed to go inside somewhere to watch Mom. Now it would serve a nobler purpose.
I looked around the bedroom. The beautiful furnishings, silken drapes, luxurious carpet, the small bowls of fragrant rose potpourri scenting the air, all gave a feeling of unreality to the day.
It would be easy to imagine myself 150 years ago in such a room, donning hoop skirts and corsets, ready to go downstairs and participate in wedding day festivities.
Well, they’d have to take me as I was. No hoop skirts included. Certainly no corsets. I giggled. I wanted to come back sometime and visit when I could tour the entire mansion and revel in every facet of it. Maybe when Mom and the judge came back from Europe.
Breakfast was an assortment of fruit, flaky pastries, and more of the delicious coffee we’d drunk the night before. Only Tom, Mike and I ate in the huge dining room. The bride had the traditional breakfast in bed.
I finished a third pastry, sighed with satisfaction. Good thing I didn’t live here. I’d gain so much weight I wouldn’t fit through the double doors. 
I touched my napkin to my lips and looked at my watch. Nine-thirty.
“I’ll go see if I can help Mom get ready. Unless you’d rather I didn’t?” I looked at Tom.
“Of course, child. Go. She’s delighted to have you here and I know she wants you to be part of our special day.” His love for my mom radiated from kind eyes. She must be blessed by the obvious depth of his feelings.
I ran up the staircase and walked down the hallway to the room Mom occupied. I tapped on the door.
“Come in.”
Shoving open the door, I walked inside. “It’s me, Mom. I thought I’d see if you needed help with anything.”
“Oh, Laurel, I’m glad you’re here. My zipper’s caught and I can’t get it loose. Will you fix it?”
I corrected the offending fastener and zipped the dress for her. The pale blue satin sheath fitted her nicely. Helping her into the heavily sequined jacket, I stood back and looked at her. “You’re gorgeous.”
I looked down at my more sober outfit. “I feel like the ugly stepsister.”
Mom hugged me. “Nonsense. You’re beautiful. You always are.”
Tears sprang up. I withheld them from rolling down my face and ruining my makeup. I swallowed the lump in my throat. “I like your Tom.”
She laughed with joy. “So do I, dear. I’m glad you do. I want you to come visit when we get back and really get to know him.” She grinned. “Your Mike is a winner, too.”
“Thanks.” I looked down, than back at her. “Actually, Mom, I have a little confession to make.” I paid particular attention to my manicure, unwilling to meet her eyes.
“Oh?”
“He’s not really my Mike. He and I – well, we aren’t really engaged.”
“I know that, dear.”
“You do? How? You didn’t say anything last night.”
“Well, no. I knew the minute I saw you two you were only friends.” A twinkle appeared in her eyes. “Although, I have to say, I think your young man wants to be a whole lot more.” She raised an eyebrow in inquiry.
The heat bloomed in my cheeks and I knew I must be as red as the proverbial beet. “I. . .uh. . .”
My stutter was lost in the peal of laughter she gave.
“Don’t be embarrassed, dear. You know me. I generally say what’s on my mind.”
I nodded. For sure. I hadn’t realized how perceptive she is. I wondered briefly if kids always underestimate their parents.
“We’re just friends.” I managed to get out the sentence, suspected my blush belied the total truth of the statement.
Mom hugged me again. “Of course you are, dear. That’s the best way to start out. As good friends.”
My mind side-tracked. “Is that how you and Tom —?”
She nodded. Her eyes took on a dreamy, faraway look. “We met on a bus tour several months ago. We hit it off right away, found out we shared a lot in common. There were phone calls back and forth for a long time.” 
She chuckled. “I’m sure my long distance carrier loved it.”
Turning, she walked a short distance away, faced me again, a sober look on her face. “At first, Laurel, I felt guilty for having feelings for Tom. It seemed I was being untrue to your father, even though he passed away a number of years ago.”
I reached toward her; she shook her head and continued. “I need to say something. I’m deeply sorry now I didn’t confide in you. I was afraid you wouldn’t understand. You were busy with your life, and I with mine.
“Besides, it seemed we’d grown apart and I didn’t want to take a chance on having you disapprove or try to stop me. Silly of me, I guess.” She sighed.
Thinking hard, I realized the truth of what she said. “Not silly, Mom.” I turned and paced back and forth. “I hadn’t thought about it, but you’re right. We have grown apart the last six months or so.”
“It’s not your fault.” She spoke quickly. “I didn’t want to interfere in your life and I guess I was afraid you’d —”
“You were afraid I’d interfere in yours.”
She nodded, a guilty look on her face.
I walked over to her and hugged her. “Oh, Mom. I’m sorry. I’ve been too involved in other things. Forgive me.”
Returning the hug, her voice caught a little. “Of course, dear. If you’ll forgive me for not trusting your good sense.”
I pushed away. “Sometimes not such good sense, Mom.” I shook my head. “I’m afraid I’ve been walking my own path for a while now and haven’t listened to the Lord trying to get me back on track.”
Peace filled me anew. “After a little talk earlier though, I’ve gotten straight with Him, and, I hope, with you.”
“Of course you have.”
“I do have one question, though.”
“Oh? What, dear?”
Not quite able to meet Mom’s eyes, I looked at the carpet. “Well, when I realized you were taking an awful lot of bus trips, I started trying to figure out what was going on. I did a couple of silly things, I guess.”
Tears brimmed in my eyes. “Mom, I went to see Dr. Soames since I knew you’d been there. I was afraid you had cancer or something. Why did you go see him? I was terribly worried.”
“Laurel.” Mom caught me in her arms and hugged me tight. She gave a choked laugh. “That was your old-fashioned mother’s mistake, I’m afraid.”
I pulled back a little and looked at her. “Mistake?”
She nodded. “I thought you still needed a blood test to get married. I didn’t know they aren’t required in every state. I went and got the blood test done and later found out it wasn’t required in Louisiana. 
“I wasted time and money for something that wasn’t even necessary.”
“I was so relieved when I found out you’d only been in for regular tests. I never dreamed it was for a marriage license.”
We hugged again. I couldn’t keep a tear from sliding down my cheek. I dabbed at it. “Enough girl stuff. How can I help you get ready?”
For the next half hour, Mom and I chatted, giggled, and made sure her makeup was perfect. By the time we finished, she looked fabulous. We were closer than we’d been in a long time. My heart was peaceful and right with her and with God.
I could anticipate, without reservation, spending time with her and her new husband when they returned from their honeymoon.
“It’s ten twenty-five. What do we do now? Go somewhere for the ceremony? The car’s probably waiting.”
Mom shook her head. “Oh, no, dear. We’re being married right here. In the formal living room. The reception will be here, too.”
“Oh.” My mind boggled as I contemplated a house big enough to host a wedding and a reception. Of course, there would probably be only a few guests.
We headed down the stairs.
****
As it turned out, there were about fifty guests. And the wedding took place in a living room the size of a football field. The reception was “informal” which meant it was held in the gilded, posh ballroom that resembled a movie set.
I stood beside my mom since I’d been drafted as maid of honor at the last minute. A lady I’d never met served as matron of honor, but Mom wanted me to have a part, too.
The whole thing surrounded me with a dream-like quality that kept me walking around in a happy daze throughout the entire event.
When the bride threw her bouquet – right at me – the festivities began winding down. Mom and the judge disappeared, then reappeared a short time later, dressed in travel clothes.
Wilkins handed the guests small bags of birdseed to take outside to the broad verandah and front stairs for the standard farewell. There the Lincoln waited, a traditional “Just Married” sign painted on the rear window, cans tied to the back bumper.
My mind boggled. I couldn’t imagine my mother riding in a wedding-decorated vehicle.
Wilkins stood holding open the door to the back seat. When Tom and my mother appeared and headed toward the car, we tossed the birdseed with abandon. Mom squealed, guests called out congratulations, and the car departed with a satisfying rattle and clank of cans.
It was over. We all nodded and smiled at each other as people drifted toward parked cars.
The catering staff went back inside, presumably to clear up, and I went to find Mike. I’d seen him a couple of times during the ceremony and the reception, but never got to talk to him.
Mom had kept me busy introducing everybody in the room. People with exotic, French-sounding names and beautiful accents. I really hadn’t had a chance to discuss what was next on the sleuthing agenda.
“Well, Sherlock, did you enjoy the wedding?”
At the sound of Mike’s voice I spun around. “There you are. I was coming to find you.”
“Here I am.” His smile warmed and affirmed.
“Now what do we do?” 
He looked amused. “Well, not hang out a shingle for business as PIs.” He laughed. “Talk about unexpected endings.”
“Really. Truth that’s truly stranger than fiction.”
Nodding, he reached up and tugged his necktie loose.
“What kind of schedule are you on? Do you want to head back tonight? Or stay here and get an early start tomorrow? Tom offered the use of our rooms again as an option. Wilkins will be back before too long to chaperone.”
I realized Mike had probably seen a whole lot more of Tom than I and therefore would know what was, or wasn’t, expected of us.
“I don’t suppose it matters. Today’s Friday. We have a weekend ahead.”
“True. It would be nice though to be in our regular church on Sunday, don’t you think?”
Suddenly a wave of homesickness swept over me. The novelty and intrigue of the past few days were stimulating and interesting. Now my mind cried out for the familiarity of my own four walls.
“Are you going to drive the whole way?”
“Probably. I’m not a very good passenger.”
I shrugged. “You choose.” It seemed only fair.
He looked at his watch, considered for a moment. “I’d rather go ahead and do the drive today. We could make it in about eight hours.
“I asked for directions to the Interstate and we can make good time. We’ll get back late tonight with time out to stop and feed you.” He grinned at me, a teasing glint in his eye.
“Shall we leave now?”
Mike nodded. “I told Wilkins we might be gone when he got back from the airport.”
“I’ll be ready in fifteen minutes.” I wanted to change back to my traveling clothes and take one last look at my elegant bedroom.
“Meet you down here?”
“Fine.”
Mike headed out the front door, presumably to get the car.
I swept up the stairs, giving free rein to the imaginary swish and satiny sway of a fantasy ball gown and the elegance of a high-piled hairdo.
Entering the bedroom, I swept a low curtsey to myself in the mirror, grinned at my make-believe persona. I’d be back. Oh, yes. I definitely would be back.



Chapter 22
During the ride home I decided it was time to talk to Mike. I didn’t know if he realized how I’d used him. Regardless, I needed to ask his forgiveness, too.
As we headed for the Texas-Louisiana border, I broke the silence that had set in at the plantation and now had taken us back to Interstate 10. “Mike?”
“Hmmm?” He kept his eyes on the road. That helped, because I didn’t have to look at his expression when I made my confession.
I took a deep breath. Might as well jump right in.
“Mike, I need to ask you to forgive me for something.”
“What’s that?” He glanced sideways at me but didn’t turn to face me. At least I guess he didn’t. I really couldn’t tell. I was staring at my lap.
“I need to ask you to forgive me for involving you in the situation with Ross, at church, and with everyone else who thinks we’re engaged.”
I could hear the forlorn note in my voice. “I talked with the Lord today, and He pointed out a few things.” I swallowed. “Actually, I’ve been doing a whole lot of things wrong about the Ross situation. 
“God reminded me I’d tried to control other people and use them to bring about what I thought was for the best. I told a lot of untruths and I’ve been deceitful.” I fell silent for a few minutes. Mike didn’t speak.
“I want to ask you to forgive me for pulling you into it. Will you?”
 I never thought I’d live to see the day I would speak to any man in such a meek tone, yet I knew my talk with God had been real. My seeking forgiveness needed to be equally real.
“Does this mean the engagement is off?”
I sneaked a quick peek at him. He stared straight ahead, eyes on the road. What I could read of his expression from the side looked calm.
“It has to be. I really appreciate your willingness to help save Ross. However, it was wrong of me to suggest it.”
His tone could only be described as dry. “As I recall, I’m the one who suggested the engagement.”
“Maybe. I agreed to go along with it though and I shouldn’t have. I’m sorry, Mike. Forgive me.”
A little groan escaped from between his lips. “I’ll forgive you, Laurel, if you’ll forgive me.”
“Forgive you? You haven’t —”
He interrupted me. “Yes, I have. I came up with the idea of the phony engagement and talked you into it. I was wrong, too. Please forgive me and I’ll square it with God. He’s been poking at me about it for a while, anyway.”
I reached over and squeezed his arm. “I’m glad I’m not the only one.”
He laughed. “Hardly. You’re forgiven. Am I?”
“Of course.” I added another squeeze for good measure, settled back, and gave a happy sigh. “I’m glad we’ve brought it out in the open. I feel better now.”
I could see Mike’s look of amusement, even though he didn’t speak. I remained silent, too. Perhaps he needed time to talk to God.
After a few more miles, his body relaxed. I looked over and saw peace on his face. Good. He must have gotten things right with the Lord.
“Are you hungry?” Mike’s voice broke into my observations.
“Actually, I am. I didn’t eat much at the reception. Never got a chance what with being introduced to half of Beaulieu Parish.”
He chuckled. “I’ve seen a billboard almost every ten feet for the last fifteen miles advertising a steak and seafood place. Sound okay?”
My mouth watered at the words. “You bet. Heavy on the seafood.”
“I’ll take care of the steak.” Mike grinned. He stretched his arm above his head, flexed the shoulder. “It’ll give us a chance to get out and move around a bit.”
“Sounds good.”
A short time later, the restaurant came into view. 
Mike pulled into a parking place, got out, and walked around to help me out. “Here we are.”
“Ummm.” I sniffed. The aroma of charcoal and roasting meat wafted through the air. “If I wasn’t hungry before, I would be now.”
“Last one in forfeits dessert.” Mike’s challenge and sudden move almost guaranteed me failure. Fortunately a departing couple got in his way and I was able to get to the door first and try to wrestle it open. 
Before I succeeded, he caught up with me and grabbed the door handle.
“You lose.” He pulled open the door.
“Lose? I don’t think so. At best it’s a tie.”
“Okay, we’ll share a dessert.” His blue eyes twinkled at me.
Feeling my heart flip flop, I swallowed. Sharing would not be a problem. Not at all.
****
Back in the car, I began to tune out. After the heavenly shrimp dinner, a little nap seemed in order. Pleased not to be driving, I said a quick prayer for Mike. I didn’t want him going to sleep after his hearty steak and baked potato meal.
I’d almost drifted into la-la land when Mike’s voice brought me back to semi-alertness.
“By the way, I know you were busy with your Mom and didn’t have much chance to talk to the judge while we were at the plantation.”
“Mmmm.” I settled myself more comfortably in my corner of the car.
“He asked me to give you something.” Mike fumbled in his shirt pocket and extracted a piece of paper. It contained a phone number.
“Whose phone?”
“The plantation. He asked if you’d be available to handle anything that might come up while they’re in Europe. Not everyday stuff. Things Wilkins wouldn’t be comfortable exerting authority to do.”
My brain tried to comprehend. “You mean, as in case of disaster, or something?”
“Right. You know, where family normally would be the ones to make decisions not the staff.”
I infused all the dryness I could muster into my tone. “Never having enjoyed a staff, I wouldn’t know.” I paused for a moment. “Why me? Seems odd, since he’s not met me before.”
Mike chuckled. “He said your Mom told him what a great businesswoman you are and what a responsible job you have. He seemed to think you were the right one to take care of things.”
I shook my head. My Mom! Didn’t all moms think their kids were wonderful? Nevertheless, I tucked the paper into my purse and shrugged. 
“If they want me to be backup to Wilkins, no problem. I doubt I’ll ever be needed. What are the odds? Did Tom say how long they’d be gone?”
“A couple of weeks. They’ll call when they return.”
“Mmmm.” I was back to feeling cozy. I yawned. “Do you mind if I don’t keep you company?” Again, I squirmed down into the seat, looking for the utmost comfortable position.
“Do I have any choice?” Mike’s voice teased in a nice way.
I didn’t reply. The long tunnel into sleep-land pulled me farther and farther inside. Waves of velvet lapped at the edges of my mind.
****
Something poked my shoulder. I frowned and moved away from the annoyance. It continued to poke.
“Laurel, wake up, honey. You’re home.”
“Wha. . .?” I sat up abruptly, automatically responding to the word home. “We’re already here?”
Mike grinned at me. “Several hours after you began your nap.”
I ran my fingers through my hair. “Wow, I must have really been tired.”
“Probably the shrimp you ate.”
“I didn’t eat as much as you did.”
“That’s true. Of course, you don’t know if I slept through the drive, too.”
It was a good comeback, though a little scary at the same time, contemplating the possibilities of both of us snoring away as the car barreled down the highway without a pilot.
“Did you stop anywhere?”
“Nope. Came straight through.” He reached over and tucked a strand of my hair behind my ear. “I’ll get your suitcase inside for you.”
I opened the door. “Don’t worry about it, Mike. I know you must be exhausted. I can take the suitcase and the empty snack bag. They’re not heavy.”
He hesitated a minute.
I noticed the tired lines around his mouth and eyes.
“If you’re sure.”
“Go home, little boy.” I laid my hand on his arm and gave him a look of deep gratitude. “Thanks, Mike. A thousand times. You’ve been a real champion. I couldn’t have done it without you.”
“It was my pleasure, Holmes.” He paused a minute. “You know, I’m going to miss being part of a detecting team.”
“Well, at least now you’re an available single man again. No more engagement.” I tried to inject a tone of lightness in my voice. A decided contrast to the heaviness the words brought to my heart.
“That’s right. Too bad you don’t have a ring to throw at me.”
I put a protective hand over the solitaire. “No, you don’t. You don’t get Auntie’s ring.”
He snapped his fingers. “Rats. Oh, well, maybe you won’t forget me. Even without a ring.”
You can bet on that. The thought was immediate and rang loudly in my brain. For a minute I was afraid I’d spoken the words. I tried to put a cheerful expression on my face.
“No way, Watson.” I pushed open the car door. “See you Sunday.”
“Laurel.” Before I could get out, Mike’s voice arrested my movement. I turned toward him.
His big hand cradled my chin as he leaned forward and kissed me. “Goodnight. I really enjoyed being engaged to you.”
When I could breathe again, I turned and scrambled from the car.
“Goodnight.”
My exit wasn’t graceful. In fact it resembled an escape a whole lot more than a dignified retreat. With my heart pounding hard and my thoughts afuzz, what was a girl to do?
I drifted through to my bedroom, my sleep-fuddled brain not operating in real time or mode.
But, knowing my motherly duty, I placed a call to Ross. No answer. I’d have to try again. On the other hand, it could involve a lot of telephone tag. I decided to leave a simple message.
“Hi, it’s me. In case you’ve tried to reach me and couldn’t, I’m back. Explain to you when we talk. Bye.”
It was going to be a lulu of an explanation. Especially since I hadn’t told him I was going anywhere. Oh, well. Kids didn’t usually call their parents very often. Chances were good Ross didn’t even know I’d been gone.
He was sure to be shocked that his grandmother was now a bride. I bit my lip. I hoped it didn’t give him any more ideas about Sandy.
In the meantime, bed was calling my name. Tiredness, even after my long nap, engulfed me. I’d try Ross again over the weekend. Right now, I was late for a date with the sandman.
****
Sometimes I wished God didn’t have such a good memory. I mean, He could have waited a while before He encouraged me to set the record straight with the rest of the world about my phony engagement. 
And, surely, He could have picked someone to use as a catalyst besides Ginny Doran.
I swished into the fellowship hall Sunday morning, every hair in place, makeup perfect, wearing a new dress to boost my morale. 
Doesn’t every girl need a boost when she’s dumped a perfectly good fiancé? When she’s going to have to face an entire church congregation with the news that she’s no longer engaged?
My nerve failed at the last moment, and I wore the engagement ring. After all, it was MY ring. And it made a nice accessory. Besides, I’d taken the solitaire off over Saturday and my hand looked lonely. 
Mike and I needed to talk and decide how we would handle the news of our dissolved engagement. I hadn’t come up with any great ideas on how to do it with a minimum amount of scandal.
“There you are!”
The venomous voice battered me the minute I stepped into the room. I looked around. No one to the right of me, no one to the left of me, and certainly no one in back. The anger must be directed at me.
Ginny Doran walked up, her face contorted. Her words blared loud, filled with fury. “Do you think you can have every man you meet? How dare you try to take Jim away from me?”
Conversation in the room stopped. People’s movements suspended, their bodies frozen in place. They could have been statues in a wax museum. Waves of mortification rolled over me. I knew I must be turning every conceivable shade of red if the internal heat rolling through me was any indicator.
“I. . .I—” Spluttering was the best I could do.
“Isn’t one fiancé enough for you?” Ginny’s voice rang strident and clear.
I looked around. Mike stood across the room, carefully poker-faced. He was talking to Jim Parsons, whose own response to Ginny’s diatribe took the form of a gaping mouth. Jim’s expression was reminiscent of a firmly hooked flounder.
A deep breath started me start talking. “Ginny! Keep your voice down! You don’t know what you’re talking about.” My hiss would have done credit to a king cobra.
“Don’t know. Don’t know!” Her voice rose two decibels above normal levels.
I grabbed her arm and tugged her toward a vacant classroom. I practically dragged her inside and shut the door on the sea of now grinning faces. They’d talk about this confrontation for months to come! Maybe years!
She pulled away, dropping her voice to a normal level. However, the anger, and yes, now I could see hurt, too, still made her face an unattractive sight.
“What are you talking about, Ginny? I haven’t tried to steal anybody.”
“Ha! First you introduce me to Jim. Once we get interested in each other, he tells me he wants to date other women. Namely you! He informs me I shouldn’t worry about it because it doesn’t mean anything.” Her voice rose again. I could tell sobs would be next. She gave a giant sniff.
I automatically started digging in my purse for a tissue. I could tell the flood was only moments away.
“Ginny, it didn’t mean anything to Jim. And it didn’t mean anything to me. I don’t want to go out with him.” I bit my lip. Confession time. “Ginny, I have to explain something to you.”
I sensed, rather than saw, someone come into the room. I turned. Mike and Jim slid inside the door and stood there listening.
Oh, great. Now I’d have a full audience for what I was about to say. Maybe I should have just done it in the room outside and let everybody hear it at the same time.
I faced Ginny. It didn’t matter. I wasn’t going to let the presence of the men stop what I needed to do. Besides, they were involved too. Maybe it was as well.
“I. . .Ginny, for personal reasons, I needed to make people think I had a romance going. I got in touch with a couple of guys I used to date and enlisted their help without telling them why. Jim was one of those people.”
Ginny’s fascinated watery stare encouraged me to continue as did the rapt silence behind me.
“That didn’t seem to be working too well so Mike offered to pose as my fiancé to try to make the situation appear more realistic.”
I didn’t know from which man the indrawn breath came. I doubted it was Mike. He already knew it.
“We let people think we were engaged. God has convicted me about manipulating, and controlling, and, oh, a lot of things.” I squared my shoulders. 
“I introduced you to Jim, not dreaming he’d want to continue to date me after I was engaged – that is, after he thought I was engaged. When he asked me out, I didn’t know what to say. I was mad at Mike at the time so I went ahead and agreed. 
“I know I was wrong. If I’ve hurt you,” I turned and looked at Jim before I shifted back toward Ginny, “I’m sorry and I ask you to forgive me. Both of you. Please.”
The room’s silence intensified after I finished. I sagged a bit but it felt like a hundred-pound weight slipped from my shoulders.
Ginny stood there, seemingly cast in stone. I heard a throat cleared behind me. Footsteps slowly approached. I looked sideways and saw Jim standing there.
“Laurel.” He sounded embarrassed—at least the flush in his cheeks appeared to reflect such an emotion. “I, uh, I’ve never seen anybody own up to something the way you just did. That was really brave.”
I reached my hand out to stop him. 
He ignored the gesture. “I’m not much of a Christian, but I’ve been listening to the pastor since I started coming to church with Ginny – and with you – and I think I begin to see what real faith is about.” 
He pulled me into an awkward hug. “Sure I forgive you. Forgive me for being dense and making things difficult for you.”
He looked straight at Ginny. “Ginny, I’m asking you to forgive me, too. You’re a special lady, and I hope we can continue to see each other. You mean a lot to me, and I hope maybe I’ll mean more to you one of these days.”
By now, Jim’s face was beet red, nonetheless he bravely looked at Ginny throughout his whole statement.
Her face was a study in mixed emotions. Anger gave way to amazement. Amazement to wonder. Wonder to awe. Awe to – did I see understanding?
She looked long at Jim, turned back to me and reached for my hand. “Laurel, I don’t know what to say. I’m sorry for yelling at you and embarrassing you in front of everybody. I’m sure you had good reasons for doing what you did. I forgive you.”
Another peep from under the long lashes at Jim, one soft and luminous. “Jim’s been the nicest thing that’s happened to me in a long time. Maybe ever. I’m glad he wants to try again. I know I do.”
Ginny and Jim proceeded to give each other a big hug, then walked toward the door, arms entwined. Mike walked over to where I stood and slipped his arm around me.
“Well done, Holmes.”
I instinctively turned toward him. His arms closed around me and he bent his head. As Ginny and Jim pushed through the door, leaving it open, Mike Hudson kissed my socks off before God and everybody. 
Well, at least it was before God and the entire Singles II department.



Chapter 23
My telephone rang late in the afternoon. My wandering son started speaking before I finished the ‘hello.’
“Hey, Mom. Glad you’re back. Did I know you were gone?”
“I think I forgot to tell you, Ross. Sorry. My cell was with me in case you really needed me.”
“Yeah. Well, I’ve been kind of busy. We’ve got a special project going on at school and I’m putting in overtime to get it finished by the deadline.”
“That’s good. I hope you’re sitting down. I have news for you.”
His response flashed back lightning bolt fast. “You and Mike eloped?”
I couldn’t believe it. I held the phone away from my ear and stared at it. 
“Ross! Of course not. Why would you think such a thing?”
“Just a guess.”
I could tell by his voice he was trying to act nonchalant. He sounded a little embarrassed, or was it disappointed? I couldn’t tell.
“Wrong. It’s news about Grandma.”
“Is she okay?”
The sudden panic in his voice indicated the depth of his attachment to his granny. They’d always been close.
“No, no. She’s fine. In fact she’s very fine. By now she’s in Europe on her honeymoon.”
“What?”
His yell almost took out my eardrum.
“What do you mean, ‘She’s on her honeymoon?’ You can’t have a honeymoon unless you get married. Are you telling me--? Mo-o-m.” His distressed wail took me back a decade or so.
“Take it easy, Ross. Your grandmother pulled a surprise on us. She got married a couple of days ago to a retired federal judge who lives on a big plantation in Louisiana. They’ve gone to Europe on their honeymoon. Isn’t it exciting?”
“Exciting! Mom! What do you know about him? How do you know he’s what he says he is? How did she meet him? She’s not involved in one of those internet romances, is she? You know you can’t believe what people say in chat rooms.”
I interrupted him before I got a lecture on the evils of internet relationships.
“Ross, he’s perfectly legitimate. He lives in a lovely ancestral plantation not too far from Baton Rouge. Acres and acres of land. Lots of giant old trees dripping with Spanish moss. The place has been there for a hundred years or more. 
“I know he’s okay. I met him. I was there for the wedding. Well, Mike and I were.”
Silence fell. I could almost hear his brain whir.
“Oh, Mike went with you? I guess that’s okay then. Why didn’t you tell me about it, Mom? I could have gone. I didn’t know Grandma was interested in anybody. You never tell me any family news.”
I glared at the phone again. With such a small family, how much news was there to tell most of the time? Plus my life stayed busy and sometimes I forgot to mention stuff.
“Now, Ross. I didn’t know it either. Grandma met him on one of her bus trips. She didn’t think I’d understand about her getting romantically involved with someone and kept it to herself. 
“In fact, she wasn’t going to tell me until after the wedding, if Mike and I hadn’t shown up at the right time.”
“Yeah, how’d you manage that, Mom?” 
“I was the maid of honor. It was a beautiful ceremony.” I sniffed delicately, not wanting to answer his questions right now.
Humor sounded in Ross’s voice as he continued. “Got you thinking, huh, Mom? Gave you ideas about you and old Mike?”
Odd. His voice sounded – satisfied.
“Nonsense. It was a very nice wedding.”
“So when are you and Mike going to tie the knot? Have you set a date?”
“No. Actually, Ross—” Ugh. I didn’t want to do this by phone. I hoped God would understand if I waited to tell my son in person about the broken engagement and everything. 
It might get to be a very lengthy discussion and a very difficult one when we visited the Sandy issue.
I tried to speak lightly. “Actually, there are a couple of things we need to talk about soon. What’s your schedule? Are you still seeing a lot of Sandy?”
“Sandy!” His laugh sounded hollow. “I haven’t seen Sandy for a week. She doesn’t seem too interested in me anymore. I’m not sure why.”
My heart jumped. Was the farce truly over? Was Sandy no longer a threat?
I tried to think of what to say, but nothing brilliant occurred. The silence lengthened. Uncomfortable, I started talking at random.
“You know, Ross, sometimes these things happen. We meet people, spend time with them, get to know them. One day something happens and it seems the attraction we formed has disappeared. 
“Many times that’s for the best. Other times,” I warmed to my topic, “other times we don’t let go, and maybe we shouldn’t. So, we try again, and maybe it works and we end up with a whole different relationship, a better, more honest one than before.”
By now, I’d quit talking about Sandy, and was preaching to myself about my relationship with Mike.
“That first attraction may grow stronger as time goes by. Plans don’t always work out as we hoped. However, if the emotions underneath are right and true, we owe it to ourselves to try again to develop the relationship. 
“One to last and be based on the right values and emotions. We can’t let old fears keep us from true happiness.”
I suddenly realized what I was saying and stopped. It was no time or place to be discussing Mike and me.
Ross’s voice came through loud and clear. “You’re absolutely right, Mom.”
“Huh?”
“You’re right. I’ve given up too easily. I’m going to go see Sandy right now and try to patch things up. I’ll catch you later, Mom. And thanks! You may have saved my relationship with her.”
The sound of a receiver being banged down echoed in my ear. As did the echo of an accusing little voice in my brain. Now you’ve done it. You’re really in hot water this time. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.
What had I done? God seemingly had worked out the whole Ross/Sandy thing and I went and messed it up. Trying to verbally puzzle out where Mike and I stood as a couple had put Sandy back in the picture. 
And I still needed to find a way to tell Ross the truth about everything and hope somehow I could discourage him from renewing his relationship with Sandy, if it wasn’t already too late.
I bowed my head. I needed to pray. My dismay was deep and strong, but I couldn’t articulate a single thought. It was one of those times the Holy Spirit would have to pray for me. His groaning I’d help supply.
****
I didn’t hear from Ross for several days. I’d hoped he would call back and report a failure to find Sandy and go back to being depressed over the ending of their relationship. Too bad there was no such call.
At my job, I worked frantically, trying to catch up the couple of days I’d been gone. My efforts paid off. 
I not only got caught up, I also prepared for the week ahead. The satisfaction of doing a job well hid my unease as each day also passed without me hearing from Mike.
I wondered if, after thinking about things, he was totally disgusted. I didn’t see how he could have kissed me the way he did, though, if there weren’t feelings there. My emotions were a mixture of shyness and anticipation when I let myself think about future possibilities.
It was a struggle not to call him. I figured since, in a way, he was the injured party, I should let him get in touch with me. At least, that’s what I told myself the first couple of days. 
The third day, I gave in and dialed his number. The phone rang and rang. No answer. No machine. I would have to try again.
****
About mid-morning my work phone rang. I grabbed it with the alacrity I’d shown for calls since trying to get in touch with Mike.
“Laurel Edmonds.”
“Miss Laurel?” The quavery voice sounded strange and unfamiliar. “It’s Wilkins, miss, at Bayou Plantation. Judge Seymour’s home. He said to call you, miss, if anything came up and I needed help.”
“Wilkins.” I couldn’t imagine why he was calling. “What’s wrong?”
“There’s been a windstorm, Miss Laurel. Seventy-mile per hour winds last night. One of the old chimneys on the second floor collapsed and pulled one wall partly down. It’s a terrible mess.”
I could tell he was upset. I couldn’t otherwise imagine the formal Wilkins not speaking in perfect, measured tones.
“What do you want me to do?”
“If you could come? The judge has insurance papers in the safe in his study. I have the combination. However, I think it’s more appropriate for a family member to handle the discussions with the insurance company and any others. Of course, I’ll be glad to do what I can, miss. 
“In fact, I’ve already called for the locals to come in and put plastic over the side to keep out rain or birds and things. But I think you should be here to superintend the repairs.”
Oh, boy. Another trip to Louisiana. Now for an emergency. I quickly thought about my work schedule. 
I could take off for a few days, especially since my work was already done for the next week. My boss probably wouldn’t have any major problem with me doing that.
It was kind of weird, though. I mean, I’d only met the judge once and now I was going to his plantation to supervise repairs and restoration of his lovely home. I shrugged. Well, do unto others—
“I’ll see when I can get a flight to Baton Rouge, Wilkins. It’ll be faster than driving. Have you called the insurance company yet?”
“I have the number here, miss. I thought you’d want to do that.”
He obviously didn’t consider his making the phone call appropriate. Fine. I reached for a pencil.
“Give me the number.” I wrote it down. “I’ll call you back as soon as I get flight information. Can you pick me up at the airport?”
“Certainly, Miss Laurel. Let me know when your plane will arrive. I’ll be there.”
I put down the receiver, sat and considered for a moment. My immediate reaction was to call Mike and see if he would go with me. After twelve rings there was no answer and still no answering machine. Holmes was on her own for this adventure. I straightened. I could do it.
Getting an airline reservation and calling Wilkins back with my arrival time took only minutes. A call to Ross at work to tell him my whereabouts for the next few days proved fruitless. He either wasn’t in or was on the phone.
I left him a message on his voice mail assuring him my cell phone would be with me; he could call when and if needed. I went to my boss and explained the emergency nature of the situation. 
He shooed me out the door with a reminder to get back in time for three big ad campaigns coming up in a couple of weeks.
What a sweetie! Warmed by his cooperation, I made a fast trip home, packed a bag and called for a taxi to the airport. My flight left in a little over an hour.
Once the short hop to Houston was done and the connecting flight to Baton Rouge airborne, I leaned back and let a sudden wave of tiredness wash over me. 
Playing Scarlett O’Hara might sound like fun, but it was also going to be a lot of work and a lot of responsibility.
I’d dealt with insurance companies on various kinds of claims before and they were not happy experiences. I could only hope God would be merciful and help me get things taken care of quickly. I closed my eyes and prayed for His assistance.
My eyelids stayed shut until the stewardess’ voice over the intercom gave the landing information. Unfortunately the prayer had ended earlier. Not with an ‘Amen’, but with a short snooze.



Chapter 24
A dignified Wilkins awaited me in the airport terminal. I could tell the elderly man was upset by the grayness of his skin and the slight tremble of his lips.
I reached over and squeezed his arm as we walked to where he’d left the car. “It’ll be okay, Wilkins. We’ll get things taken care of before the judge and my mom get back.”
His voice quavered only a little. “Thank you for coming, Miss Laurel. It seemed someone in the family—”
I patted his shoulder. I couldn’t help feel sympathetic for the shock the faithful servant had experienced. “I’m delighted to help, Wilkins. I haven’t been in the family very long, but I’ll do my best.”
He brightened and increased his pace. We reached the car in only a few minutes. He ushered me into the back seat of the Lincoln with the same ceremony he’d have shown royalty. 
I settled back in the cushiony comfort of the seat and took a deep whiff of the unmistakable smell of leather.
I decided against talking to Wilkins as he drove. If he had anything to say, I knew he’d open the conversation. I didn’t want to distract him and get him more upset so I stayed silent. 
I spent most of the drive mulling over the questions of where Mike Hudson could be and what I’d need to do at the plantation when we arrived.
It really was too bad I hadn’t been able to reach Mike. On the other hand, maybe he truly was angry with me and had become disgusted when he thought more about my deceitfulness. 
A pang of guilt attacked. I refused to entertain it and turned it back to the Lord. It was forgiven, therefore forgotten, in His eyes.
Sooner than I expected, the long black car drove between the gates of the plantation. I caught my breath. I could see the devastation immediately. 
It looked like someone had taken a giant scythe and mowed a broad path through the ancient trees and bushes. A pathway that headed directly toward the house.
As we pulled around the final curve, I couldn’t help the shocked “ohh” that escaped my lips. 
The damage appeared extensive. The top story of the left wing was covered with ugly black plastic inflating and deflating gently in the soft breeze. 
The plastic covering the place where the chimney had stood sagged downward, gaping like the missing front tooth of a five-year-old.
“It’s really bad, Miss Laurel.” Wilkins’ voice increased its quaver. “I don’t know what the judge will say.”
I leaned forward and patted his shoulder. “It’s all right, Wilkins. I’m sure it can be fixed and look as it did before.”
I hoped. The insurance adjuster was coming out in the morning and we’d go from there. In the meantime, I’d do my best to hearten the dear gentleman in the front seat and try to figure out how to handle what appeared to be a tough proposition. Thank the Lord, I didn’t have to do it without Divine help.
The next couple of days taught me a lot about recovery from tragedy. About the indomitable spirit of the older generation who’d suffered through many reverses in life and still come out with heads held high and courage intact. About the helpfulness of good neighbors.
I could tell the judge must have been such a one himself over the years by the way half the parish turned out to help. 
Wilkins, a couple of maids and I were the only ones living on the premises. From the amount of food brought in by the neighbors, you’d have thought we housed fifty people.
Actually, there might have been fifty if you counted the workmen who descended upon the upper floor. They resembled a horde of locusts lighting on a Kansas wheat field. 
Contractors bumped schedules of other customers or postponed jobs to help get the plantation back to normal before the newlyweds returned.
Once the new outer walls were up and painted, the activity moved indoors. When the actual carpentry, plumbing, and wiring were complete, the painters started to refurbish. When they were done, carpet layers, furniture dealers, and decorators entered. 
At the completion of the final phase, the women of the area came in, mops and buckets in hand, cleaning cloths tucked into large bags.
I simply tried to stay out of everyone’s way and act the gracious hostess. Thanks to the generous donations of food and assistance, it was doable. 
I’d sent a telegram to Tom and my mother, telling of the damage, and assuring them I was on the job for the duration. 
Their reply expressed complete confidence in my ability to deal with the situation and their undying gratitude to me for doing so. They offered to return if needed. Their response boosted my confidence to where I felt I could handle things on my own.
I took care of the business part and dealt with the insurance company, the main contractor, and concerned friends and neighbors. Everyone was helpful and friendly and it made my job as liaison easier. 
I felt comfortable with the workers and the parish folk. Most were families who’d lived in the area for many years. I’d have expected bias toward an outsider. Instead everyone was kind and gracious and treated me as a native.
When one of the subcontractors actually tried to play a trick on me, I figured I was truly accepted. One of the masons invited me to have morning coffee break with him and his men outside on the patio. 
I, never turning down an offer of caffeine, took one of the ceramic mugs sitting beside the stainless pot 
“Oh, don’t drink old stuff, Miss Laurel,” warned Mr. Lacassine, his dark little eyes twinkling. “Here’s a fresh pot from the big house.” He gestured toward a smaller ceramic container set apart from the urn.
“Thanks. I do love a good cup of coffee.” I reached eagerly for the pot and poured a generous mugful. 
I debated for a minute if I wanted sugar or milk, decided I’d drink it black, my usual choice. It was early, and I could use a little more wake-up stimulation.
A cautious sip,  then a real swallow, and warm liquid slid into my stomach. The perfect moment for a coffee drinker. The lift followed. 
My taste buds informed me I’d just drunk the thickest, richest, darkest cup of coffee of my entire life. The caffeine rush was incredible.
The aftertaste of roasted coffee beans with a hint of a foreign flavor lingered. Mmmm. Oh, my. Must be the famous Louisiana chicory coffee I’d been warned about. 
I wondered why? To me it tasted delicious. I raised the mug to my lips and took a second hearty swig. As I lowered the cup, I caught sight of Mr. Lacassine’s face and those of the other workers.
They’d stopped what they were doing and were watching me closely. Immediately, their little joke became apparent. What a failure! I loved the coffee. I decided to turn the tables on the pranksters.
Emptying the rest of the coffee in a few quick swallows, as the men stood, mouths open, silent, I reached over and poured a second cup.
“Somebody makes a good cup of coffee.” I gave them an innocent look. “Thanks for sharing.” I gave a general nod and ambled off in the direction of the house.
Truthfully, I did enjoy the taste and drank the second cup. Of course, when I was still wired at 3:00 a.m. the next morning, I realized perhaps it hadn’t been the best decision. 
Still, I’d upheld the honor of women and outsiders everywhere and maybe taught the natives a little bit about practical jokes.
Afterwards, I got the utmost respect for everything I said and did. Especially from the workmen. And, though I drank more of the tasty, strong coffee while I was at the plantation, I limited myself to one cup a day.
By the time the last helper left on the fourth day, I knew my mom would enjoy a fulfilling life. 
Not only would she have more new friends than she’d ever dreamed, but it was clear her new husband was well-respected, admired, and yes, loved, in the community.
Any remaining concerns I might have harbored about the marriage completely disappeared. Mom was in good hands with Judge Tom Seymour.
Wilkins proved a treasure day in and day out as he helped in ways obvious and unobtrusive, always with great good will and utter deference to me as the “Missus.” I suspected such devotion was rare these days.
Now the repair was complete, with everything back to normal. A small pile of papers sat in the center of Tom’s desk in his study awaiting his signature. Repairs were finished and the plantation house restored to its original grandeur inside and out.
I’d talked to Ross a couple of times and tried to call Mike at various hours of the day and night. He never answered. 
A deep sadness penetrated my mind and heart. I’d dared to hope perhaps something good was developing between us. A relationship with a godly man I might trust.
Being away from Mike for so long gave me plenty of time to think. I found most of my thoughts centered on him and the what-might-have-beens.
Now it was time to return home. Perhaps I’d see Mike again. Most likely not. If he didn’t answer his telephone, maybe he’d also quit coming to church. At least to my church. 
He might have been so disillusioned with me to the point he couldn’t bear to look at me again.
A feeling of loss, mingled with the sadness, took root. The ache and emptiness rolled up into a tight little ball and claimed a corner of my heart I’d kept out of bounds for many years.
Time to go. I forced myself to shake off the melancholy gripping me and chatted brightly to Wilkins as we drove to the airport. 
He carried my bag to the check-in counter and wished me well. After a deep, respectful bow, he departed.
I wanted to give him a hug, but knew it would shock his proper mind. The Missus didn’t hug the butler. I walked to the line for the security check. Six or seven minutes later, I headed for the boarding area.
A few hours and I’d be home again. It remained to be seen what the next exciting episode in my life would be. Or if only dark days lay ahead as I tried to forget what might have been, tried to find something yet-to-be. 
I supposed, after all, our modern day Holmes and Watson weren’t meant to be a team.
****
Back home, the autumn rains poured down. The gray, wet day matched my spirits. As I unlocked the front door, the smell of stale, uncirculated air met me. The chill of the atmosphere matched the one in my heart.
I turned on the heat and a fan or two and carried my bag back to the bedroom. Kicking off my shoes, I stretched out on the bed, punched pillows behind my head and shoulders, reached for the phone, and speed dialed Ross.
“Hello.”
“Hi, honey, I’m home.” Oh my goodness. I just sounded like my mother.
“Mom? You’re back! That’s good. I’m glad.”
Such enthusiasm! To get such a response from my independent adult son, I should leave town and come back again.
“Did you get things taken care of at the plantation? Tell me about it.”
As I talked of the busy days past, my spirits began to rise. How comfortable and cozy to be back in my own home, nestled in my own pillows, talking to my son on the phone. 
The drabness blanketing me since leaving Louisiana faded, and I managed a chuckle or two as I related the coffee incident with the workmen.
“You must have been plenty busy, Mom. I’ll bet you’re glad to be home.”
“You could say that. Right now, I don’t ever want to leave again.”
Ross chuckled. “At least not until the next time, huh?”
“You know me too well.”
“Hey, you aren’t the daughter of the Bus Queen for nothing. Those travel genes are bound to break out from time to time.”
I laughed. “You’re probably right. Well, that’s all I know, honey. Anything going on in your world?”
“No. I’m curious though. Have you called Mike yet and told him you’re back?”
“He doesn’t seem to be available. He probably doesn’t want to talk to me.”
“Why would you think that, Mom? You’re his fiancée. Of course he wants to talk to you.”
Ugh. I’d forgotten. I’d not yet told Ross. I swallowed. Confession still needed to be made.
He continued. “I guess the other thing you might want to know is – Sandy and I have broken up. We aren’t dating anymore.”
Ross’s flat tone of voice tugged at my mother’s heart as elation and triumph leaped up inside.
“Really. When did that happen?” I tried to sound casual.
“A few days ago. She said she didn’t want to see me again. I’d rather not talk about it, Mom, if you don’t mind. I’ve given up women.”
For a while. For a minute I thought I’d said it out loud before I realized it echoed only in my brain. “I’m sorry, Ross.”
“That’s okay. I suppose I’ll get over it.” He sighed.
I knew he would. I also remembered the ache you get in your heart when love has disappointed you. It was remarkably similar to the ache I’d carried around for the last week.
Well, hallelujah! Ross wasn’t dating Sandy anymore. It meant, as wrong as I’d been in my methods, the result was achieved. There was no longer a problem. And no reason I should delay my apology to Ross for meddling in his life. Part of me wanted to go ahead and get it over with, but part of me – the remembering-how-it-feels-when-love-is-gone part murmured “wait.”
“We need to talk again soon, Ross. I’ll let you go for now. Take care.”
“Thanks, Mom. You, too. Glad you’re back.”
I hung up the phone and was surprised to find tears rolling down my cheeks. I sniffed and rubbed my eyes. The Edmonds family didn’t seem to be too lucky in love. Not in the past. Certainly not in the present.
****
I knew life was spinning out of control again when the phone rang that evening. I grabbed the receiver. Maybe it was Mike.
I blurted a hello.
“Laurel?”
The connection sounded tinny and faraway.
“Yes. Who is it?”
“Laurel, it’s Tony. Tony Caruthers.”
“Tony! Where are you? You sound hundreds of miles away.”
“Actually I am. I’m at the airport in Atlanta, waiting for a connecting flight to New Jersey.”
“New Jersey! Have you been transferred?”
“No, not transferred. Laurel, I don’t quite know how to say this—”
Oh, no. Not another lengthy argument about why we should go out again. I never wanted to see any man socially. Ever. Certainly not Tony. The mere thought made me shudder.
“Don’t say it, Tony.” Maybe I could stave off his declaration of devotion. I wasn’t in the mood.
“I have to, Laurel. You’re one of the few who will understand.”
Understand? I looked at the receiver. Boy, why didn’t they put video screens in these things?
“What is it I’m supposed to understand, Tony?” I hoped it wasn’t a gimmick to try to get us back to dating.
“I know you’ll be thrilled. I’m on my way home, Laurel.”
“Home? I thought you lived in Houston.”
“I do. I mean my real home. New Jersey. Where my boys are.”
“Are they okay, Tony? Is anything wrong?” Maybe I didn’t want to date their father, but I had nothing against the two boys I’d heard about for years. 
They’d seemed like acquaintances since Tony talked about them so often. They were now adults, of course. To me, though, they’d always be ‘the boys’.
“They’re great, Laurel. Thanks for asking. In fact, they’re more than great. They’re terribly excited.”
“About?” Sympathetic I might feel. Right now, however, Tony’s circular conversation and allusions were enough to drive me crazy.
The pitch of his voice deepened, and he pronounced his next words with great precision and solemnity, rather like a funeral director eulogizing a deceased.
“My wife and I are reconciling, Laurel. We’ve been talking about it for a long time, and now we’ve agreed to give our marriage another chance.”
After so many years? Talk about lengthy negotiations.
I managed to pull myself together and respond in an appropriate manner. “That’s wonderful Tony. I’m sure your sons must be ecstatic.”
“Everyone is very joyful, Laurel. I knew you’d be happy for me and for the boys. After all these years.”
“After all these years,” I echoed. Never did I think to see such a thing happen. Truly, miracles never ceased.
“I wish you the best, Tony. I hope you and your family have a wonderful life together.”
Satisfaction oozed from his voice. “You’re one of the very first I’ve told. It’s only fair to let you know why I won’t be calling anymore.”
My funny bone began to tickle. “That’s very kind. Now I won’t sit by the telephone and worry and wonder.”
“Yes, that’s what I thought. That’s why I wanted to call you right away.”
Was he nuts? As if I was going to sit by the telephone and wait for anybody to call. Not Tony. Not any man.
Except maybe Mike Hudson. The little internal voice caught me off guard. I suppressed a sob. It emerged as a strangled sound.
Naturally, Tony took it as sorrow at his news. “Be brave, Laurel. Chin up. There’ll be someone else one of these days.”
Now I was irritated. “Right. Well, good of you to call Tony. Have a nice life.”
I hung up before he could smother me with any more consolation. Right now, I couldn’t have cared less about Tony Caruthers. 
I was glad, of course, that he and his family were reuniting. But it mattered not to me as a personal issue. In fact, it came as a real relief.
Funny though, how everybody’s romances suddenly seemed to be coming together. My mother and Tom. Ginny and Jim. Tony and his wife. Everyone’s except mine. 
Oh, well. Holmes managed before Watson ever came along. Holmes could do it again.
The sobs I’d withheld burst forth the louder for their repression. Mike, Mike, Mike. Where are you and why haven’t you called?



Chapter 25
The rest of the week dragged. The weekend dragged. Church on Sunday dragged. I know I shouldn’t say that, but it was true. 
It took me awhile to admit where the dragging came from. It concerned one Mike Hudson. A Mike Hudson who did not attend church.
If I’d possessed any names and numbers of other friends of Mike or of his family, I’d have called looking for him. I had to admit it – I was crazy about the guy. I’m not exactly sure when or where it happened.
Every time I thought about our broken engagement, the tears fell and misery settled further in my stomach. I’d cried over him so much the last couple of weeks my eyelids looked permanently red and swollen.
The sight of Ginny Doran and Jim Parsons billing and cooing didn’t help. Nor did the smirks, quickly hidden behind hands, of the other Singles IIs. I refused to react with mortification when I remembered the scene they’d observed when Ginny yelled and Mike kissed.
Oops! Talk about a blush. Actually more of a flush. Right now it was simply a sensation to be ignored and overcome.
I plodded drearily through Sunday afternoon, alternately sitting like a zombie staring at the wall, and weeping quietly into a wad of tissues. I hated to think what my paper products replacement cost was going to be.
Around five o’clock, I dragged myself from the recliner. I needed something to eat. Nothing had sounded good at lunch. I’d drunk a soda and let it go at that. I looked around the kitchen. What to eat? Soup? Salad?
Without any warning, my emotions cried out for food. With no conscious thought, I pulled stuff from pantry and refrigerator shelves. In a few minutes I looked with satisfaction at the assortment I’d assembled. Yum.
It was very organized. A huge bag of tortilla chips nestled next to a can of chili without beans. A bag of shredded cheese to top the chili lay nearby. 
A half-gallon of butter pecan ice cream was almost full. I’d discovered a can of spray whipped topping, caramel syrup, and frozen pecans, which together would make a perfect giant sundae when combined.
There also sat the microwave popcorn with extra butter, assorted crackers and cheese, and to maintain health and nutrition, a mound of grapes, apples and a tub of butterscotch dip. Mmmm. Food fit for a queen.
Phooey on men! Who needed them, anyway? I picked up the chili, dragged the can opener forward. In a moment I was engaged in Creative Cookery 101. 
Might as well see how many calories I could stuff into a single dish. Cooking ingenuity always made me feel good.
Five minutes later, the chili bubbled, sending out a spicy odor. The cheese melted into an inch thick golden slab on top. I ripped open the bag of chips and carried the concoction to my recliner. Placing the food on the end table next to the chair, I started to sit, then realized I’d forgotten a drink.
I returned to the kitchen, and evaluated the contents of the pantry. I decided to be sensible and chose a diet soda.
No point in wasting perfectly good calories on a regular soft drink! I’d save them for the important stuff. Feeling virtuous, I grabbed a handful of napkins and headed back to pending culinary bliss.
Dragging a lap tray onto my legs, I globbed a huge mound of chili and cheese on a chip. My mouth opened to receive the first succulent bite. The phone rang.
Tempted to ignore it, I poised the chip for consumption. I could smell the chili and cheese mingled with the chip’s corn aroma. The phone rang again.
Irritated, I laid the chip down, placed the lap tray on the floor, got up and answered it.
“Yes?” I snapped. I was in no mood for politeness and didn’t want interruptions.
“Laurel?”
My knees went weak.
“Mike?” I whispered. “Mike, is that you?”
“It sure is,” he drawled. “What are you up to?”
I suppressed a guilty twinge for my pending food orgy. “Oh, getting ready to have a bite to eat.”
A bite! Ha!
“Where are you?” I crumpled backward into the recliner.
“I’m at home.”
Suddenly, it swept over me. Handling the Louisiana disaster rescue by myself. Irritation for inadvertently encouraging Ross to try to reconcile with Sandy. Guilt for not yet telling Ross the truth about my engagement. The lost feeling associated with not being able to find Mike. The snickers at church this morning.
“Where have you been?” The words came out forceful and loud.
Silence for a moment before he spoke. “Away.”
“What do you mean away? Is that all you can say?” I mimicked his tone of voice. “’I’ve been away.’ I needed you and you weren’t here and everybody looked at me and laughed. . .and, oh, what do you want anyway?”
“To come see you.” Mike’s deep voice sent thrills along every nerve ending in my body.
“No. Well, maybe. I mean. . .I don’t know what I mean.”
“How about if I come over and we talk about it?”
I knew if I continued to listen to him, I’d be putty in his hands. A perverse streak rose up in me. Or maybe it was the sight of my shriveling cheese on top of the now congealed chili. 
Whatever the reason, I found myself shouting into the phone.
“I don’t want to see you. Not tonight. Not ever. Goodbye!” I slammed the phone back into the base. 
The minute I heard the loud smack of plastic against plastic, my heart sank. What had I done?
Tears were only minutes, maybe seconds, from falling. I stiffened my body and my will. I’d be hanged if I let Mike Hudson sweet talk me anymore. How dare he disappear for days and days and then turn up with no good explanation?
“Away.” I mimicked his earlier excuse. “Away.” Well, I’d been away, too. I shoved the phone aside and stood up. I bent over, picked up the dish of cold chili-cheese mixture and headed for the microwave. “I was in Louisiana and I could have used you, bucko. But n-o-o, you weren’t anywhere to be found.”
I was yelling again as I punched time into the microwave panel. “You don’t even have an answering machine! 
“Civilized people have answering machines. But not you!” I took a giant sniff. I would not cry. I would not.
Reaching for the can of whipped topping, I shook it vigorously, sprayed a huge blob on my forefinger. 
The stuff melted in my mouth, encased my tongue with a creamy coating. I continued to re-spray and suck until the microwave dinged.
I carried the dish of now bubbling chili and cheese back into the living room. Remote in hand, I found the classic movie channel. Perfect! A forties rerun of an old film about a spunky girl reporter defying her bullying boss. 
Yes! I’d seen it before and I knew who won! I shoved the first chip full of gooey dip into my mouth. Other chips followed in rapid succession. Hooray for independent women! Who needed men?
Two hours later, I lay back in the recliner, the movie over, the girl reporter married to the belligerent boss, and the results of my binge scattered on the floor. 
An empty ice cream carton, grape stems, and a lone chunk of cheese lay amid assorted bags and boxes of chips, crackers and a bowl with a few unpopped kernels of corn. Guess that showed Mike Hudson!
Hauling myself out of the chair, I gathered up the evidence of my rebellion and went to bed. I didn’t brush my teeth. That showed him, too!
It was not a good night for sleeping.
****
The next morning proved typical for the first day of the week. For starters, I awoke half an hour late. In my irritation the night before, I’d neglected to set the alarm. After the calories and fat I’d consumed, I’d slept the sleep of the satiated.
Now I faced a new day, and even though my tummy was not happy with me, my anger could still be whipped into flame. I used the emotion as a stimulant and managed to get dressed and to the station only ten minutes late.
Needless to say, breakfast didn’t sound remotely appealing.
Three clients called to request changes in their commercials. Ads had already been produced and aired, necessitating another round of writing and approval, finding the announcers who’d done the spots, and lining them up to do new recordings. 
The guys weren’t ever too happy about re-dos and groused a lot. I was the one who got to listen to the grumbling.
While stooping to get a copy of an old commercial out of a bottom file drawer, I’d popped a run in my pantyhose. By lunch, food still didn’t sound interesting. I opted for window shopping instead. 
When I discovered one of my favorite stores featured a half-price sale and two outfits I’d wanted were marked down, I didn’t hesitate. With total disregard for my budget I recklessly wrote a check.
Triumphant, I returned to work, buoyed, yet still smarting at the injustice of life and the perfidy of men. Fortunately, I was able to hide those feelings while I dealt with temperamental male announcers later in the day. 
In my efforts to be agreeable, I even promised to write some spots for one of the radio salesmen to take to a prospective client. The salesman’s definition of “some” turned out to be a request for six. 
Thank goodness I talked him into taking written copy rather than a recorded demo tape.
It was close to five o’clock when everything came together – the effects of over-eating from the night before, the spending of money I hadn’t planned, the effort of handling my job during the day. 
I’d begun to defuse, only because it was hard to find the energy to stay angry when exhausted.
I picked up my notes for a commercial series another of our clients wanted and looked with disinterest at the words. I doubted I could get motivated to do much with it right now. The phone rang. Ah! Escape.
“Laurel Edmonds.”
“Will you hang up on me if I ask you to dinner tonight?”
Mike’s voice held no condemnation, only a meek question. I couldn’t believe the flood of relief coursing through my traitorous mind and body. He didn’t hate me. He still wanted to see me.
A surge of hope prompted an “I guess not.”
“Good. We’re making progress. How about I pick you up from work and we’ll go somewhere quiet and have dinner and talk.”
I suddenly realized the eight million calories I’d consumed the night before had evaporated, and I was hungry and ready to eat. Besides, I was starved to see Mike Hudson.
“That’s fine.” My relief was enormous. I couldn’t whip up the energy to act a bit contrary. “You remember where the station is?”
“Sure do. I can’t forget where you are, lady.”
Mike’s rejoinder warmed the ice block around my heart. A thaw quickly followed. “I get off at five-thirty. I’ll be out front.”
“I’m on my way.”
A click told me he’d suited his actions to his words. It would take him about fifteen minutes to get here. There was time to do a little freshening up first. 
I grabbed my purse and headed for the restroom.
Ten minutes later, every hair in place and makeup re-done, I walked toward the front entrance of the station. As I stepped out the door, a voice to my right spoke.
“You’re prompt.”
I jumped. “Mike, you scared me.”
I hoped the comment explained my startled reaction. I didn’t want him to think it was the sight of him after so long a time that caused me to respond the way I did. No point in making it too easy.
He clasped my elbow and steered me down the street, I presumed toward his car. “You’re looking good.”
A flush burned outward from the core of my being. “Thank you.” I couldn’t resist. “So are you.”
His eyes twinkled at me. “Thank you, ma’am.”
He helped me into the car and walked around to the driver’s side. As he slid his long body into the driver’s seat, he spoke. “I hope you’re in the mood for Mexican food.”
“Sounds perfect.” I clamped down on the memory of chili and cheese the night before and the second round of it when I’d added the salsa and sour cream found lurking in one corner of the fridge. This moment might be a turning point in my life and calories were not an issue.
During the short drive, we kept the conversation to mundane things such as our respective days, the traffic, and the weather. There was a sort of mutual unspoken pact not to discuss anything else until later.
When the waitress served my iced tea, and I’d sweetened and added lime to taste, I decided it was time to talk. No point in getting into a painful discussion while we ate.
“So.” I stirred the liquid again. “Where did you say you were last week?”
“I didn’t, yet.” Mike’s twinkle seemed to request understanding. “Have you talked to Ross?”
Huh! I wasn’t to be given an explanation? Or at least not when I asked for it? A kernel of resentment rose within me. “Talk to Ross about what?”
“I thought you were going to tell him about your plotting and that we aren’t really engaged.”
“Well, I didn’t do either. Yet.” Two could play at his little game. Besides, who was Mike to lecture me on what to do and when? My irritation increased.
“Why not? Don’t you think it would be better to go ahead and get the slate clean and everything over with?”
Was he so anxious to get rid of his attachment to me he couldn’t let me wait until an appropriate time to talk to my son? I stirred faster.
“I want to talk to him face to face.” I glared at him. “I’ll do it when I have time and when I’m ready, not when I’m told to.”
He picked up his spoon and plunged it into his tea glass, and also began to stir vigorously.
“You shouldn’t put it off, Laurel. You need to take care of it now.”
That did it. I shoved my chair back and stood, fury filling my veins.
“How dare you! I will take care of my own business at the proper time, when I want to. Understood?”
The dark flush on Mike’s face showed a matching anger, temper for temper. He slammed the teaspoon down on the table.
“Perfectly clear. I can’t believe you’re acting so badly. I’m trying to help you finish getting right with everybody and with God.”
“Oh.” I’d never been so furious in my entire life. I shook, unable to think of anything sufficiently cutting to say. 
I responded the only way any sane woman would. I reached out for my tea glass, picked it up, leaned forward and poured the contents over Mike’s head.
Slamming down the glass, I grabbed my purse and stalked out of the restaurant as he sputtered and shook liquid from himself.
So there!



Chapter 26
My anger carried me down several blocks at a rapid pace before the enormity of what I’d done hit me. I stopped in my tracks, my gasp heard above the traffic noise rumbling along the street.
I couldn’t believe it. Not only had I lost my temper, I’d actually reacted in anger against a Christian brother. In public, too. I moaned and shook my head in despair at my outrageous behavior. 
Mike would never forgive me. I wasn’t too sure I could forgive myself. I didn’t want to think about how God regarded it.
Footsteps echoed behind me during a cessation of sound as the busy traffic stopped for a red light. Wrapped in my own thoughts, the echo played only a minor cadence in the background of my mind. At least until a voice right behind me spoke.
“Is there any other mayhem you care to commit against me?” Mike’s voice grated harsh in my ear. I heard a tremble in it. Had I hurt him deeply by my despicable behavior? Or injured him?
I wheeled and faced him. His appearance drew another gasp. His hair clung--flattened and plastered against his scalp--where the brunt of the iced tea bath had landed. From large spots on the shoulders of his gray jacket, to spatters down its front, to a large damp circle on his trousers, it was obvious Mike was drenched.
My gaze traveled in horror down to the dark spots on his pants legs and back up to his face. I could hear him breathe harshly. He must want to kill me.
I finally managed to look at him. The redness painting his cheeks must be an indicator of his fury. I forced myself to meet his eyes. When I did, the merriment dancing there took away what little breath I’d regained.
He was—he was trying not to laugh.
I caught a glimpse of us in the reflection of a storefront window. Mike’s bedraggled appearance, combined with my jacket and purse that I clutched in separate hands, reflected us like two caricatures in a funhouse mirror.
He stared at me. I stared back. Without warning, my lips began to turn upward. I fought it. The grin and a bubble of laughter forced their way up from deep inside me. A bubble I needed to release or strangle.
Suddenly, we both howled with mirth, doubled over as we laughed with abandon. Tears rolled down my face as I remembered details of the restaurant scenario.
“You. . .you—” I couldn’t speak. I held my aching sides. “You should have seen yourself—” I spluttered, going off into another paroxysm.
“And you. . .you little vixen—” Mike tried to catch his breath and stop laughing at the same time, which almost caused him to choke. “How could you—” More laughter.
He straightened and ran his hands through his hair, flinging beads of liquid every which way. He shook his head to shed more.
The drops splattered against me.
“Watch it.” I stepped back.
“Watch it, nothing.” He followed me. “I owe you a few, Holmes. In fact, more than a few drops.” The gleam in his eyes bespoke retribution.
“Now, Mike.” Alarm caused me to take another step backward. I held up my hand to ward off his advance. “Don’t do anything I’ll be sorry for.”
He snorted and reached for me. Grasping my shoulders, he drew me forward until I was only a hairsbreadth away. 
Then the light in his eyes changed. Changed from laughter to something softer, more intimate. A glow seemed to emanate from deep within him.
Bending his head, he pulled me against him and set his lips firmly on mine. My senses swam. I tried to pull away.
His hands held me fast, and as I leaned into the kiss, I realized I was kissing him back. With enthusiasm. I surrendered myself to the embrace.
It could have been minutes or hours. Eons or eternity. Reality intruded as a cacophony of street sounds penetrated my dazed state. Horns honked, motors revved, an occasional screech of tires sounded as a busy world hurried by.
“Oh.” I pulled away. “Oh, my. What will people think?”
Mike drew back and looked around. “Who cares? Let them be jealous.” He drew me back into his arms and again claimed my lips.
My sense of propriety surfaced after a few more golden moments and I drew away from Mike. My face heated as I realized we’d put on quite a show for the passersby. 
One which resulted in my now sharing large damp spots on my clothing from contact with his.
“Please, Mike, let’s get out of here.” Disoriented, I tried to figure out in which direction was his car.
He laughed, slipped an arm around my shoulders, and gave me a quick kiss. “This way.” He guided me along the sidewalk.
I pressed my palms to my face. “I can’t believe we gave such a public demonstration.”
“Wasn’t it great?” Mike’s wide grin spread from ear to ear.
My spirits rose with the speed of a helium balloon let loose. I laughed and put my arm around his waist. “Yes, it was!” I gave him a squeeze. “Absolutely marvelous.”
A contented, damp silence surrounded us on the way to the car and all the way to my house.
****
Mike emerged from the guest bathroom, drying his hair with a hand towel. His jacket hung neatly over the back of one chair in the dining room, his tie draped on another. 
My hairdryer had taken care of the worst of the spots on his clothing. Time would finish the job.
I’d made a quick change to slacks and a sweater.
“We need to talk, Holmes.”
“Right, Watson.” My chirpy reply reflected the happiness and joy bubbling deep inside me. I couldn’t help it. 
I didn’t know the details, nonetheless, somehow I knew my life was about to make a major turn. One for the better – or for the worse – until death us did part.
Mike tossed the towel aside, walked over and kissed me. Before I could surrender myself to the overwhelming sensations and emotions, he pulled away. “Enough, already. Or we won’t get any talking done. Here.”
He steered me toward my recliner and gave me a gentle shove in its general direction, then walked over and seated himself on the sofa. “We’d better keep our distance while we do the explaining.”
I briefly thought about ignoring him and following him to the sofa, instead realized the sense of what he said. We did need to talk and now was the time. I nodded and sat down.
“You want to go first?” Mike’s gaze waited.
“I probably should.” I bit my lip. Where to start? Explanations or apology?
Apology.
“First, I need to ask you to forgive me for dumping iced tea on you. There’s no excuse for me to have done that. It’s been an awful couple of weeks, but that’s no reason I should take it out on you. 
“I’m truly sorry, Mike. Believe me when I say I’ve never done anything like that before. Forgive me?”
He looked back, a glint deep in his eyes I suspected was mirth. 
“You’re forgiven. Do you want to tell me what’s been going on?”
I did. I really did. For the next half hour I poured it out. My trip to Louisiana. My conversation with Ross and his decision to try to make things right again with Sandy. The call from Tony. My rotten week. 
It spilled out along with a few tears of frustration as I remembered the details.
To his credit, Mike didn’t interrupt or act bored. Sympathy appeared in his eyes from the first. As my narrative continued, his concern deepened and he wore a frown.
“I tried and tried to call you. To tell you what had happened. I’d probably have asked you to go to Louisiana with me.” I tried to communicate apology. 
“I can’t believe I got upset because I couldn’t reach you. Why don’t you have an answering machine?” I ran out of breath, questions, and explanations at the same time.
Mike gave me a look full of understanding and yes, love.
I took a ragged breath.
“My turn now.” He leaned forward, hands loosely clasped. “Sorry about the machine being off. I was in such a hurry, I never thought to check and make sure it was working. Somehow it must have gotten unplugged.
“You see, the day we got back from the wedding, the phone rang the minute I walked in my house. It was my son-in-law in Arizona. I think I told you, my oldest daughter’s pregnant?”
I nodded.
“‘Licia had started hemorrhaging and the doctors couldn’t get the bleeding stopped. It was touch and go for her and the baby for a while. 
“Jared didn’t want to make any major decisions without family support so he called me. His parents are dead and I’ve been more of a real father to him than an in-law.
“I was in such shock, I didn’t think about anything except getting to my daughter. I headed for the airport right away. Didn’t even turn on the lights in the house. I used my cell phone while I drove to call and get a flight out. The plane left within minutes of when I got to the airport.
“After the plane took off, I did think about trying to call you. Of course, by then, they wouldn’t allow cell phone use. I figured I’d call later, maybe wait until I knew more about the situation.”
He stopped and ran a hand through his hair, making it stand on end. On him, it looked devastatingly attractive.
“Once I got to Arizona, I headed for the hospital and met Jared there. As he finished explaining what had happened, the doctor showed up and we went into a major conference.
“For the next several days, one of us was with ‘Licia day and night. After my first 12 hour shift, which was right on top of the drive back from Louisiana, I conked out in the hospital waiting room and didn’t move until time for me to sit with ‘Licia again while Jared slept.
“That was pretty much the pattern for the next couple of days. It was touch and go several times with losing the baby, and once with ‘Licia. We kept praying and waiting. 
“Their church family showed up. Seemed like the whole congregation must have come by at one time or another. We were always talking or praying with someone every waking hour.
“It wasn’t that I didn’t want to call you, Laurel. I thought about it several times. It was always when you’d have been asleep, or when I couldn’t get to a phone. There was something going on constantly and it just didn’t happen.”
I couldn’t stand it any longer. I got up and walked over to the sofa and sat beside him, rested my hand on top of his.
“I’m sorry you went through that, Mike. I understand about you not calling. You couldn’t. Besides, we didn’t ¬¬-- don’t have the kind of relationship where you should have called.”
Mike raised his head. “I’m not sure about that— But I hope you understand I didn’t call from lack of desire or good intentions.”
I patted his hand. “Of course I do. How is ‘Licia? Is the baby okay?"
His face brightened. “She’s doing really well now. Of course I stayed until she was out of danger and they knew the baby would be okay. They’re going to keep ‘Licia a couple more days for observation, until the doctors are sure the crisis is past. 
“She’ll have to take it easy for a while, but the long term outlook is great.”
“I’m glad.” I spoke sincerely with a real concern for Mike’s daughter.
I sat for a few seconds, got up and went back to the recliner. There was silence for a while before I spoke. “That makes my behavior when you called and what I did today that much worse.” 
I shook my head. “What a shrew! Getting upset when you’ve been so worried and preoccupied.”
Mike’s eyes were twinkling again. “What did you think I’d been doing?”
“I didn’t have a clue. I guess I figured you got embarrassed after the scene with Ginny and my confessions and all, and you didn’t want any more to do with me.”
He gave me a level stare. One so loaded with warmth and love I almost recoiled.
“That will never happen, Laurel. Never.” He started to stand up, sank back down. “What else?”
Ah, we were to clear the entire slate? Very well. I went on to explain the rest, saving the conversation with Ross for last. Mike and I had another good laugh over Tony’s phone call. It was even funnier in the re-telling. 
I got to the part about Ross. “He was going to try to find that miserable girl and get back together with her. I could kick myself. Ross was safe and I opened my big mouth.”
Mike grinned, but sobered a moment later. “When are you going to tell him about the plot and our bogus engagement?”
Heat crept up my neck into my face. When I didn’t answer and avoided meeting Mike’s eyes, there was silence, until Mike spoke.
“You don’t want to tell him, do you?”
I hung my head, unwilling to look at him.
“Laurel—”
“There really hasn’t been an opportunity.” I met his eyes. “Honest. I was going to tell him tonight. Then you called, and well, you know what happened from there.”
“Do you believe he needs to be told?”
“Yes. I’m not trying to break my promise to the Lord, Mike. I just haven’t found a good time to do it. I will.”
He nodded. “Would it help if I were with you?”
I jumped at the offer as though I were a fish after a one-pound worm. “So much.” I took a deep breath of relief. “If you’d be there, I think I could make it through.”
“I’ll be there. Deal?”
“Deal!”
We sat in silence for a few minutes before Mike spoke.
“Are we caught up now?”
“I am.”
“Me, too.” He gave me his roll-your-sock-tops grin. “So I guess before I go—it is quite late in case you haven’t noticed—maybe we could sit on the same piece of furniture for a little while.”
My heart thudded. I started to rise. He beat me to it.
“I’ll come over there.”
He loomed over me as I scooted as far to the side of the recliner as possible. He tried to squeeze in next to me. There wasn’t room.
“Guess we’ll have to do it another way.”
Before I could react, he’d lifted me, seated himself, and deposited me in his lap.
I tried to catch my breath, it did no good. It disappeared anyway as his lips met mine.
When conscious thought again became possible, he raised his head and looked at me. He traced my lips with his finger. “Wow!”
I took a deep breath. “Double wow.”
“Tell you what, Holmes. I think there’d better be a timing device attached to us to limit this kind of activity, or—”
“Or?”
“Or else you’d better marry me soon so we don’t have to worry about limits.”
I reacted as if someone punched me in the stomach. Marry him? Oh, my goodness!
He reached forward and gently pushed my chin up to close my mouth. He cradled my face and looked deep into my eyes.
“I love you, Laurel Edmonds. I think it was love at first sight. Will you marry me?”
Not knowing what to say, words popped out without thought. “Even if I tried to baptize you with the orange juice when we met?”
His hearty laugh reverberated throughout my frame. It was a delicious moment of sharing and closeness.
“Even if, Holmes.”
I reached up and clasped my hands behind his neck, pulled his face down to mine.
“Then yes, Watson. Yes, with all my heart.” I gave myself up to the wonder and joy of his lips once again.
When we surfaced and our eyes interlocked, I wondered if the love and radiance I knew was reflected on my face matched what I saw on his. 
I suppose they must have, because he didn’t complain.



Chapter 27
I knew it would be a good day the next morning when the phone rang before I’d finished dressing. It was Mom.
“Laurel, honey, we’re baa-ck.”
“Mom! Welcome home.”
“Oh, Laurel, Tom and I are overwhelmed at how you got the plantation repaired. You did a fantastic job. Tom says you’re to come and stay here for a month and let us try to repay you.”
“Not necessary, Mom. I was glad to do it.”
“Well, I hope you’ll plan a good long visit soon. I want to see my grandson, too, and give him a hug, so you’d better bring him with you.”
I laughed. “I’m sure he’d love it. He was quite surprised grandma had gotten married and was honeymooning in Europe.”
“It was an incredible trip, Laurel. I’ve never seen such memorable sights.” Mom sighed. A happy sound. “I feel tremendously blessed. Tom, his lovely house, you and your nice young man, and Ross.”
“Yeah.”
“And that nice little friend of his.”
What? Who was she talking about?
“Nice little friend? Of Ross’s? Who do you mean?”
“Why the little blonde girl I met with him in the mall one day. What was her name? Denise? Angela? No, Sandy. Yes, Sandy. She seemed sweet.”
I stared at the phone, speechless. Sandy! My mom had mentioned meeting Sandy before. Thought her sweet? Boy, talk about Mom having been blinded by love!
Restraining myself, I gave a “hmmm” and changed the subject.
“So, Mom, I have news for you.”
“Really? What?”
“Mike and I—well, Mike asked me to marry him. I said yes.”
“That’s wonderful, dear. You two are perfect for each other. I have an idea. Why don’t you spend your honeymoon here? There’s plenty of room. You’d never have to see us. Well, hardly ever. Only at meals.”
I chuckled. “We’ll see, Mom. I’ll talk to Mike about it. I’ve got to run now. I don’t want to be late for work. Give Tom my best and I’ll talk to you in a few days.”
“Goodbye, dear. Congratulations to you and Mike.”
As I started to hang up, I could hear her mutter on the other end of the line. ”I knew they should be engaged all the time. These young people—”
The laughter came rolling out as I climbed in the car and headed for work. What a great way to start the morning!
****
The day continued to be special. Mike called shortly after I arrived at my desk. After ten minutes of conversation and the emotions it engendered, I fanned my heated cheeks and figured the glow I must be putting out contained enough warmth to heat the whole building.
I was in such a good mood the commercials almost wrote themselves. I was more than ready, when about ten o’clock, I dialed Ross’s number.
“Ross Edmonds.”
“Hi, Ross. It’s your mom.”
“Mom! Is everything okay?”
I gave a chuckle. “Does calling you constitute an emergency? If so, I won’t do it anymore.”
“No, of course not. It’s just that you don’t ever call much. At least not unless it is an emergency.”
It took a moment to decipher. Then I doggedly continued.
“Ross, there’s something we need to discuss. Nothing’s wrong. It’s kind of a family matter. I haven’t found a good time to mention it before—but now’s the time. Could you come over one night?”
His voice indicated puzzlement. “Sure, Mom. Either Tuesday or Thursday would be fine.” A hopeful note sounded. “Did you want me to come for dinner?”
“Not this time, dear. Why don’t you drop by Tuesday night about seven?”
“Okay, Mom. See you.”
When I hung up the phone, my conscience shed fifty pounds. Not only would I confess to Ross, I’d also share the news of my true engagement to Mike. 
I didn’t know what Ross’s response would be, but I was at a place where it didn’t matter. At least not enough to stop me from going ahead with my life. 
As for Sandy, with Mike to advise and cheer me on, and faith in God, we’d deal with the issue in an appropriate manner.
I returned to my commercials, content to leave the outcome to Somebody smarter than I. What a glorious day.
****
Tuesday evening arrived faster than I would have believed possible. For some strange reason, I hadn’t spent a whole lot of time thinking about what I’d say or how Ross would react. Instead, a bubble of joy kept popping up inside of me, occasionally releasing itself in bits of song. 
Thankfully, it usually occurred in the shower or in the car, where I offended no one except myself and maybe God. Fortunately He seems to find joyful noise acceptable.
Mike and I were in each other’s company almost every night, unless one of us had a previous commitment, and those were few. 
As we got to know each other better, I found myself able to talk about my failed first marriage. With Mike’s understanding and help, I began to work through parts of the baggage I didn’t need to carry forward into a new relationship.
He talked, too. About his marriage, his wife’s death seven years earlier, the burden of being the only parent to a couple of teenage daughters. 
The sense of loss when ‘Licia married, and when his youngest daughter, Marie, started college and lived in a dorm.
We talked about our likes, dislikes, habits, thoughts, wishes, hopes—the stuff the marriage manuals say you should discuss. We weren’t following anybody’s program. We were simply getting to know each other’s hearts, and with God’s help, growing closer in the process.
It wasn’t always lovey-dovey with peaceful, philosophical discussions conducted in a warm and cozy atmosphere. In fact, the going got tough a few times and hot words escaped from our lips. 
But we learned to know and to grow and we realized the underlying joy of a love that became deeper and more committed each day.
I’d never been as glad of the commitment part as I was when Tuesday night arrived. I’d been at peace after setting up the meeting with Ross, but as I waited for seven o’clock to arrive, a few butterflies looped in my stomach.
Mike and I went out for a quick meal, then returned to my place to wait. At one point, I realized I was wringing my hands in the best Lady Macbeth tradition. I forced myself to stop before I started spouting Shakespearean phrases.
The doorbell rang promptly at seven. I licked my suddenly dry lips, smoothed my skirt, and went to answer. Pasting a pleasant expression on my face, I opened the door.
“Ross, hi!” I hoped he wouldn’t notice the abnormally high pitch of my voice.
“Hi, Mom.” Ross stepped inside and gave me a big hug. “How are you?”
“Fine.” I responded automatically, turned to lead the way into the living room.
“Hey, Mike!”
I could hear the surprise in Ross’s voice. I knew he hadn’t expected to see anyone else.
“Ross.” Mike got up and shook hands.
Ross looked at me and back at Mike before he spoke. “I didn’t know you were going to be here. Is everything okay?”
Drat the boy! He was entirely too intuitive at times. I replied before Mike could open his mouth.
“Of course. I asked Mike to be here since he’s family— well, he will be.” I beamed at Mike. He beamed back.
Ross looked from one to the other. A broad grin spread across his face.
“You two certainly seem happy.”
“We are.” Mike and I responded together. It came out as a pretty good chorus.
Everybody laughed.
“Sit down, Ross. Make yourself comfortable.”
I did the hostess bit, offered coffee, tea, or soda, mentioned the weather, and asked Ross how things were going. It was a great demonstration of procrastination.
After seeing the quizzical expression on Mike’s face as I babbled on, I realized what I was doing and stopped talking.
“So, Mom, have you guys set a date yet?”
I heaved a sigh of relief. Reprieve for a few more minutes. I didn’t know why I dreaded telling Ross. I guess it was my old human nature rearing its ugly head, wanting me to look good instead of admitting I sometimes failed.
At any rate, we discussed wedding plans and tentative dates. The things one finds absorbing when an engagement has taken place. Well, a real one!
The only odd part was Ross’s expression. As we told him of the ideas we’d come up with for the wedding and honeymoon, a look of satisfaction grew on his face. The more details we gave, the more satisfied he looked. Weird!
Oh, well, maybe it was my imagination. We finished relating the information about what we’d decided. A small silence fell. It was time. Time for me to do my bit.
“Ross.” I grabbed a section of my skirt and began to pleat and unpleat it. “There’s something I need to tell you.” I looked at Mike, who nodded encouragement.
“What’s that, Mom? You and old Mike here didn’t copy Grandma and elope, too, did you?” His lack of panic assured me he knew better and was giving me a bad time.
“No. No. Not at all.” I heaved a big sigh. “Actually, son, I need to ask you to forgive me.” I pleated and un-pleated some more.
“Forgive you? For what?”
I didn’t know how to do it except to be blunt. No excuses. No embellishments. Spit it out.
“I. . .I. . .hated the idea of you and Sandy getting married. I didn’t think she was. . .is right for you. I decided to take steps to try to break up your relationship.”
Ross’s face was a study in mixed emotions.
I continued. “You’ve never really approved of any of the men I dated over the years. When I decided to try to get you to drop Sandy, I thought maybe we could make a bargain. 
“If I pretended to be interested in somebody you’d detested before, I hoped you’d get upset enough you’d be willing to kind of trade ending your relationship with her if I ended mine. I thought it would make you break up.”
“Oh, wow!”
Ross’s soft exclamation didn’t make things any easier. I struggled on with my explanation, carefully avoiding his eyes.
“I looked up a couple of old boyfriends I knew you disliked. Tony and Jim. I thought if I started going out with them, you’d get worried about my marrying one of them and you’d make a deal about Sandy.” I bit my lip and took another deep breath.
“When I met Mike at church, and we hit it off. . .I told him about the situation and. . .well, he volunteered—”
Mike’s voice broke in. “Actually, I suggested it, Ross. I’ll apologize in a minute.” He nodded to me to continue.
“We pretended to be engaged. Mike thought. . .we thought. . .if I was dating several different men you wouldn’t be as worried as you would if there was only one, and him a fiancé. 
“To you. . .and the church people, we pretended to be engaged. Grandma didn’t know.
“I never thought about the fact I’d lied and deceived, acted manipulative and controlling. I really didn’t. I was so convinced I was right, I ignored God and never communicated with Him about it except sometimes when I tried to get Him to rubber stamp my plans without asking for His input.”
I risked a quick peek. 
Ross closed his eyes and swallowed convulsively. Oh, no. He was more upset than I’d feared. Would he ever forgive me? I forged on.
“While we were in Louisiana, when your Grandma got married, the Lord really convicted me of what I’d been doing and showed me how wrong it was. Even if you ended up marrying somebody totally inappropriate, what I’d done was wrong. 
“I’ve been trying to ask forgiveness from everybody involved, and now that’s what I’m doing with you.
“Forgive me, son. I didn’t mean to try to run your life. I’m truly sorry.”
I stopped. I’d said it all. If there were little pieces I needed to fill in, I’d do it. Right now, the thing I wanted most from Ross was his assurance of forgiveness and the restoration of our relationship.
He sat with his head bowed. Oh, no. He must be completely devastated by my revelation. How would he respond? Would I send him straight to Sandy and a potentially ruined life?
I prayed as I hadn’t prayed since Louisiana.
After a long moment, Ross lifted his head and opened his mouth. He seemed to have trouble speaking. “Mom, I don’t know what to say.” He dashed his hand across his eyes. Were those tears?
“I need a minute.” He stood abruptly and headed toward the bathroom. “I’ll be right back.”
As I watched him leave, my heart hung heavy within me. 
Oh, God, don’t let my son hate me.



Chapter 28
The time dragged by. Each minute stretched into what seemed like an hour. Mike and I didn’t speak. The atmosphere was too charged to engage in idle chitchat. I strained to hear Ross.
Once I thought I heard the sound of a garbled voice, then decided it must have been my imagination. My poor skirt became a crumpled mess as I twisted and untwisted the fabric.
After what could have been an eternity, I heard the bathroom door open and footsteps come down the hall. Oh, how I prayed Ross would deal generously with the situation and forgive me.
I looked up as he re-entered the living room. He wore the strangest expression on his face. He was glowing, as though he’d won a prize or something. Yet mixed with the triumph was a smirk lurking in the background.
The most definitive expression on top of the rest was a kind of sorrow. What in the world was going on?
“Ross?” I queried him with my tone of voice. Mike didn’t say anything, although his eyebrows were raised in question mode.
“Mom. Mike.” Ross walked back to his chair and sat down. “This isn’t going to be easy to say, but I’ve got to do it.”
My heart sank. He wasn’t going to forgive me. Not only would he never speak to me again, he would probably go out and marry that awful girl next week.
How badly I’d acted. Now would come the lifelong payback of my attempt to run someone else’s life.
He sat there without speaking for a moment, stared at the floor. Finally, he raised his head and looked first at Mike, over at me, then cleared his throat.
“I know it’s been difficult for you, Mom. Now I’ve heard your story, I can see it’s been harder than I could have imagined.” He gave me an understanding look. “Don’t worry, Mom, I do forgive you.”
 He turned toward Mike. “And you, too, Mike, regardless of whether I know the details of what part you’ve played.”
Mike started to speak, but subsided as Ross waved him into silence.
“Let me finish.” Ross turned back toward me and looked me in the eye. “Because I need to ask forgiveness from both of you.”
I looked at Mike. He gawked, too.
“Wha—?” I started to ask.
Ross gestured me into quietness. “Please, let me have my say.” He took a deep breath. “Mom, I know for years you’ve not pursued any serious relationships because you were concerned about how I’d respond .”
I nodded.
He glanced away, looked back at me. “I guess when I was little, I didn’t want anybody horning in on our family. I was a selfish little beast. Most kids are.
“And, I can remember in junior high school and high, there was kind of a battle going on inside of me. Part of me would have loved to have a dad. Part of me still wanted you to keep you to myself.
“That was more selfishness. Later I started to grow up. By the time I went to college and met other people and began dating, I saw what relationships were all about. And I watched you, Mom.”
I struggled to speak past the lump in my throat. A lump swelling with his every word. “I hope I passed inspection.”
He grinned. “You did. I noticed though, how you were always busy with a career and your singles’ group at church, and with Grandma, sometimes you’d get a look on your face—” He stopped and swallowed, seemingly with an effort.
I fought the same problem.
“You looked like you wanted something and couldn’t have it. Sure, you went out with guys, but I realized it was never for long and if they wanted to spend very much time with you, you sent them on their way pretty fast.”
I couldn’t believe he’d seen so much. Tied up with my own emotions and thoughts in those days, I’d obviously missed seeing my son watch my life and draw conclusions.
“I figured out a year or so ago, maybe what you need and really want, is another man in your life. A husband. Since I’m not going to be around forever.”
I jerked upright, ready to protest.
“No, no.” Ross held up his hand. “I don’t mean dying or anything. But I’m grown up, Mom. I have a life of my own and sometime I’ll find a wife and start my own family.”
He must mean Sandy. The sorrow of such a mismatch struck deep in my heart. Tears formed in my eyes. I tried to hold them back.
Ross hesitated before he spoke. “I’ve tried to talk to you a few times, Mom. You never really seem to listen, or if you do, you make a joke out of it. I can’t get through to you. 
“So, after thinking about it a lot, and praying,” Ross swallowed, “I decided I needed to do something to get you on the marriage track.”
My head snapped upright.
“I figured I needed to find you a boyfriend.”
“What?” My shriek would have done a banshee proud. “You what?”
“Chill, Mom. I’m not done. Let me finish before you have your say.”
From the corner of my eye, I caught a glimpse of the expression on Mike’s face. Hmmph! I’d deal with him later.
“Trouble is, I didn’t know any guys I thought were good enough and I was kind of stymied. Then I met a girl.”
Sandy! He’d met Sandy and gotten sidetracked and now he was going to ruin his own life by marrying the wrong girl.
“Oh, Ross,” I wailed. Tears rolled down my cheeks.
“Easy, Mom. There’s more.”
I sniffed and wiped my face with a tissue I snatched from a nearby box.
“I ran into her in the grocery store and we got to talking, and before you know it, we hit it off and I found out we had a lot in common.”
Yeah, you were both breathing. The thought flashed through my brain in a split second. Fortunately neither Ross nor Mike could hear what I was thinking. 
I tried to put an expression of attentive interest on my face as I responded in what I hoped was a reasonable tone of voice.
“So you and Sandy started dating and now you think you’re in love and want to get married.”
“That’s not quite the way it is, Mom.”
Ross opened his mouth to continue with his explanation when the doorbell rang.
I started to rise. 
Ross stopped me. “I’ll get it, Mom. I think it’s for me.”
What on earth? I craned my neck to see past him to the front door. My vision didn’t bend to follow. I looked at Mike and held up my hands in a “what’s going on?” gesture. He shrugged back an “I don’t know.”
I heard voices. Whoever it was, Ross had let them in and was bringing them back to our family discussion.
Ross ushered a young woman into the room, a petite, pretty girl with a cute blonde pixie cut and sparkling blue eyes. Her slacks outfit was becoming and up to the minute in fashion.
I straightened. Now why couldn’t Ross date someone like her instead of Sandy?
I rose to greet the stranger. Mike jumped to his feet with a strangled exclamation. “Marie!”
“Hi, Daddy.”
Now I was really in shock. Mike’s youngest daughter? What on earth was she doing here? And how did Ross know her?
“Mom.” Ross’s voice interrupted my speculations. “Meet Marie Hudson, Mike’s daughter, a.k.a. Sandy.”
“What???” My scream and Mike’s bellow blended in perfect synchronization, harmony, and intensity.
I could only stand there in shock. I couldn’t think, I could hardly breathe. My brain refused to function. My muscles felt frozen. Mike’s daughter!
Mike’s voice sounded in a low growl, “Sandra Marie Hudson, what is going on here?” He directed a glare at Marie and Ross that would disintegrate stone.
The looks on the faces of our offspring was a mixture of defiance and apprehension.
I managed to get my tongue to work and bleated “Ross?”
He stepped up to the plate.
“Please, everybody sit down. We’re here to explain. I called Marie a while ago and asked her to come over. 
“I wasn’t expecting what you told me, Mom, and when you hit me with it, for a minute, I didn’t know what to do or say. I realized if you were being honest with me, I needed to be honest back.”
His grin charmed and excused at the same time. He settled back into his chair and leaned forward, compelling all the other players’ attention. 
Marie seated herself on the sofa at the opposite end from her father, who alternated between casting pleading looks at me and glares mingled with apprehension at her.
“As I was saying earlier, Mom, I met Sandy, I mean Marie, and we got to talking.”
I couldn’t help it. I interrupted. “She looked different when you brought her to dinner. She wore a. . .a chunk of something in her nose and those earrings up and down her ears.” 
My words erupted as more wail than comment.
Marie leaned forward. “Mrs. Edmonds, I apologize for my part in Ross’ scheme. I did have a purpose. He’s going to tell you.
“I deliberately disguised myself to be as alien as possible from the kind of girl you’d want Ross to marry. It was for the shock value. It’s not who I really am.”
“But, but, your nose—” I couldn’t let go of it. “What happened to the thing in your nose?”
She laughed. The charm and intelligence revealed took my breath away. She was gorgeous.
“It was one of those paste-on jewelry things the kids play with. I experimented around and managed to get one to look puffy so it appeared to be above the surface of my skin, like a real stud. And the earrings were clamped on.”
She grimaced. “I don’t think I’d have the nerve to actually have those holes punched in me.”
“I should hope not.” Mike’s gruff comment showed he’d joined the ranks of the conscious again and was ready to enter the fray. 
“So what was your reason for involvement, young lady? Why would you help Ross plot against someone you didn’t know?”
“Oh, daddy, it wasn’t about Mrs. Edmonds.”
“It wasn’t?” Mike looked puzzled. “I thought—”
Ross rapped on the arm of his chair to regain control of what was fast becoming an unruly crowd.
“Let me try to explain, Mike. You see, when she and I started comparing notes, we found out we each had a parent who’d isolated themselves from a social life—”
I made a strangled noise of protest. No social life! Hmmph!
“. . .and who were too young and attractive to continue to go through life alone.” He turned his eyes to me. “Mom, you’ve avoided any serious relationship for years. Supposedly on the altar of keeping me happy.”
I nodded.
“Mike, from what Marie’s told me, you haven’t dated much in the last seven years since your wife died, right?”
Mike nodded. We must have resembled a couple of bobbing head marionettes being manipulated by an amateur puppeteer.
“Well, after Marie and I compared notes about our respective parents, we decided you two were made for each other.”
Now my gasp was much less strangled. In fact, strangulation was becoming a fixation in my mind and it was directed at my one and only son.
“I knew Mom would ignore any suggestions about meeting someone she didn’t know—”
“As you would, daddy.” Marie chimed in.
“So,” Ross continued, “Marie said you’d recently moved here, Mike, and wanted to find a church. Since Mom happens to be active in a Singles’ Department— voilà! What could be a better way to have you two meet?
“Marie gave Mike the address of the church and we let things happen.”
He grinned at Mike and me, then looked back at me. “Of course, I know you well enough, Mom, to suspect you’d be up to your old avoidance tricks before too long, if I left you to your own devices.”
I stiffened and opened my mouth to deny his charge.
He ignored me and kept on talking. “I figured if you had something else to worry about—something serious— you’d concentrate on it and wouldn’t be prone to keep old Mike at arm’s length.”
Marie piped up. “And you, Daddy. After I heard about Ross’s mom,  I knew if you could meet Mrs. Edmonds and get to know her, you’d love her.”
Mike and I looked at each other. A touch of red flushed his cheekbones. I suspect I also gained color.
Another attempt by me to speak up was overridden by my son’s narrative. The boy is as stubborn, er, persistent, as his mother! 
I listened to him with a certain degree of maternal pride. At the same time, I inwardly writhed at how well he knew me. I hadn’t realized.
“Anyway, I know your likes and dislikes in the girls I’ve dated, Mom. I figured if Marie—Sandy—and I could convince you we were going to get married, you’d be busy trying to stop us and maybe you’d enlist Mike to help you.
“Which you did. Our plan worked.”
He grinned at me and Mike, obviously proud of the Machiavellian tactics used.
“You. . .you—”
Ross gave a hoot of laughter. “You really worried us, Mom, when you and Mike broke up. I scrambled to get in touch with Marie and figure out a quick Plan B. All we could do was pretend we were getting back together and pray a lot.”
“You wretched boy!” I could not believe what I’d heard. The biter bit. Hoisted with my own petard. The list of phrases for “gotcha” rolled through my mind. 
“How dare you try to manipulate your own mother?” I glared at him with every ounce of disapproval I could muster.
I looked at Mike. Fear’s metallic taste coated my tongue. What would be his reaction to discovering we’d been fooled? 
Was our new commitment to each other strong enough to keep his masculine pride from resenting these revelations? Were we truly in love or would these stunning disclosures nip his feelings in the bud? 
Did he still want to be engaged?
“You, young lady.” Mike glared at Marie. “How dare you connive against your own father? I suppose that’s why you insisted I buy a whole new wardrobe a few months ago. You wanted me to go wife hunting. 
 “I am perfectly capable of finding myself a wife if I want one, thank you very much. I don’t need the help of a couple of wet-behind-the-ears’ kids.”
“Daddy, you didn’t find anybody in seven years.” Marie’s accusation brought a darker look of anger to Mike’s already distorted countenance.
“I wasn’t looking!” Mike shot back.
“I rest my case.”
Mike had the grace to look ashamed. Their little dialogue raised my fears to a new level. Now that Mike realized we’d been fooled and he’d practically been thrust into our relationship, would he decide he didn’t really love me? 
My heart quailed at the thought.
We glared at our respective children, looked at each other. And looked at each other. Then looked some more.
I couldn’t help but let my love for Mike show. I sat, vulnerable, defenseless, at his mercy, for him to react any way he wanted. 
He would have to make his own choice. I already knew what mine would be if I got the opportunity to give it.
After long moments, his glare softened, then diffused. The anger on his face dissipated and he once again directed toward me the special glow he’d always shown. Love bathed me as our gazes mingled and lengthened.
A soft, heartfelt sigh jerked us out of our little private world.
“You two were made for each other.” Marie’s voice had a little catch in it. “I hope the wedding is soon.”
“Me too.” Ross chimed in. “Mom, Mike, I ask you to forgive me, us, for trying to manipulate you. You have to admit though, it’s turned out great. After you’re married, we can be a family.”
He beamed at Mike and a now animated Marie. The approval in Ross’s eyes as he looked at the attractive blonde made me wonder if my future daughter-in-law sat there. Well, I wouldn’t have any objection.
Hating to make things too easy for Ross, I couldn’t resist a final jab.
I adopted a formal tone. “Of course I forgive you, Ross. And you, Sandy. . .Marie. I have to say, though, I think it was despicable of you to plot against your parents in such an underhanded fashion. 
“How you could possibly act in such a controlling, manipulative manner—”
“Like you did.” Mike’s sotto voce comment was clearly heard during the pause I took for breath.
“That was a different thing entirely.”
“No, it wasn’t.” Ross agreed with Mike.
Marie nodded. “Same thing.”
“Admit it, Laurel. Same thing exactly.” Mike made his own comment.
We stopped, glaring at each other. Then the glares began to change to grins, the grins escalated into broad smiles, and finally, gave way to laughter. 
Laughter that increased and crescendoed into a roomful of hilarity. Laughter interspersed with half sentences from those who could stop laughing long enough to talk.
“If you could have seen your face—”
“You ought to be spanked.”
“I’d have loved to see the orange juice introduction.”
“It was your purple shirt that did it, Daddy. I told you—”
Laughter flowed and healed and promised a joyous future for all.
I sat back, exhausted, sides aching. I looked around at these who were dear and a deep peace filled me.
Whatever the future held, we’d face it together, as a family, and thus write our own version of “They lived happily ever after.”



ABOUT THE AUTHOR
D. A. Featherling is a prolific author who writes in several genres. Her first novel, “It Adds Up to Murder” was published in 2013. Her years in business as an administrator for corporations, state agencies, and a university physics research center make her a perfect candidate to write about the lives and loves of everyday people.
She has also written non-fiction and technical pieces for a number of years. Her advertising, public relations, and marketing skills lend themselves to the promotion of her fiction, and her awards for journalism, fiction writing, and public speaking attest to her ability.
D. A. was co-founder of the CenTex Chapter of the American Christian Fiction Writers (ACFW) and served as its president for several years. She also coordinated the first ever national ACFW Conference in St. Louis, Missouri in 2001 where a then budding author named Karen Kingsbury was the keynote speaker.
She lives in Georgetown, Texas, a small town with a big heart.



It Adds Up to Murder

D. A. Featherling

~ Fiction a la carte ~

—Book One—
It’s Murder at the Office Series

Abigail Newhouse works temporary jobs to make ends meet. She discovers that while the jobs can be murderous, there usually aren't dead bodies involved. Abby isn't expecting crime at her first long-term assignment, but when it occurs, she wants to help. Will Homicide Lieutenant Nick Vaughn believe her — or is she his main suspect? Abby finds sleuthing can place her in deadly peril when she confronts a merciless killer face-to-face.

Visit www.dafeatherling.com for more information 



Kissing Frogs

Second Time Around Series Book 2

D. A. Featherling
~ Fiction a la carte ~

“Before you find the handsome prince, you have to kiss a lot of frogs.”

Until she decides to look for a husband, Em Snider is so-o-o-o in control of her life. But her trip on the Internet highway soon shows her that she can’t control the journey. A Christian Internet matchmaking service provides Em a chance to discover Prince Charming, if she can survive the shocks. Her first encounter is a warning. There are toads out there! Em is soon ready to quit, but at the last minute, true love is revealed in a way she never dreamed.

Visit www.dafeatherling.comfor more information

