
FINE FORM PRESS

Dr. Farkas
ISBN: 978-0-921473-08-4
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Copyright (c) 2013 JT Therrien
Cover Art Copyright (c) 2013 by Fine Form Press


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This book may not be reproduced or used in whole or in part by any existing means.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. The characters are products of the author's imagination and are used fictitiously.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Blurb

Sassy Abigail Andrews is a phlebotomist who has terminal leukemia. The good news is that her Dr. Jakob Farkas might be able to heal her, since he claims to be a vampire. But there's one small hitch, tired of his lonely existence, Farkas has not fed in over 100 years and needs to be brought back to health before he can help Abigail, with whom he has fallen in love.

Abigail doesn't believe the crazy doctor's story, but she doesn't have much else going on at the moment besides dying. So she leaves her boring life behind in order to join Jakob Farkas on his travels around the world in search of a mystical cure.

As they await the arrival of the Spring Equinox in the legendary caves in Lascaux France, Abigail wonders if she can overcome the greatest obstacle to her cure: her mortality.


Doctor Farkas
By J.T. Therrien

It will have blood, they say; blood will have blood.
Shakespeare, Macbeth 

"I'm so sorry." Dr. Farkas' voice dripped with sympathy and compassion. He slid my latest CBC report across the desk, and I leaned forward to read it, unwilling to touch the piece of paper and acknowledge its reality. My white blood cells were off the charts. Add to that my constant tiredness and bloating . . . . Any way you spelled it, I had leukemia.
I clenched my hands into tight fists. I wanted to hit something. Life was so unfair. Just when I seemed to have made a connection with someone—this sensitive, handsome, dark-eyed Dr. Someone sitting across the desk from me—looking sweet and vulnerable, he revealed that I'd reached the end of my life.
Falling snowflakes—they had tickled my nose on the way over to the office—curtained off the outside world and created the illusion of inhabiting our own secret world, the doctor and I. It was much like the real world, except for the absence of gravity. I was in free-fall: my only thought; in twenty-eight years of living on Earth I hadn't made any more of an impact on the world than those weightless flakes bouncing off the windowpane.
I turned my attention back to the office walls, tastefully decorated with framed medical degrees: Oxford, Toronto, and UCLA Medical. Dr. Farkas—"It's pronounced Farkash," his secretary corrected me when I first started seeing the doctor two weeks ago—was a world traveler, like I'd always wanted to be. Someone who could say, I've seen the sun rise in the Arabian Desert; I've walked through Columbian rain forests.
Numb—and dumb—I shook my head and soaked up my tears with a tissue plucked from a handy box on his desk.
The doctor remained silent for so long that I almost apologized before catching myself. I would not apologize to anyone for dying and feeling sorry for myself.
I tucked a stray lock back behind my ear. I was way overdue for a cut. I'd get it cut next week, after I put this hellish string of night shifts behind me. Then again, maybe I wouldn't. What would be the point now? I didn't believe in leaving behind a beautiful corpse.
I began a quick prayer to St. Januarius, the patron saint of blood banks, as I mustered up the courage to face my limited options.
"Ms. Andrews. Abigail, if I may. I wish I could help you, but . . . . "
His voice startled me in mid-prayer.
"But you don't work miracles." I finished his sentence instead of my prayer. You could say that I had more than a passing interest in blood-borne diseases. As a phlebotomist, I made my living drawing blood samples for oncologists, doctors like him. I giggled thinking that if I'd been a lumberjack, a falling tree would've crushed the life out of me. As a school crossing guard, I probably would've ended up beneath the wheels of a bus. I could handle my sucky fate, just not the irony that accompanied it.
Dr. Farkas cleared his throat. "Actually, I was going to say that I don't want to get your hopes up, but there's something I'd like to research further."
I groaned. "Not more blood tests?"
"No. We're done with all that. But I want to look again at your platelets in light of some new research I recently read."
"Really? Don't yank my chain me, Doc," I replied.
"I'm not making any promises. But we should meet again."
I'd Googled him after my family doctor's referral, so I knew a few things about Dr. Farkas. He was a thirty-six year old oncologist. And single. And maybe interested? But how interested could a doctor be in a dying patient?
"Really," he reassured me, smiling at my skepticism.
I focused on his mouth instead of paying attention to his words. I should've listened more carefully.

* * *

Here are some fun facts about blood: Eight million blood cells die every second, and eight million cells are created in that time. There are about ten pints of blood in an adult human body. A newborn has one cup of blood. Most white blood cells live up to three days. Your average-sized rat has about twenty-five milliliters of blood.

* * *

A couple of nights after my appointment, Dr. Farkas showed up unexpectedly at the hospital blood clinic. His office still hadn't called about a follow-up appointment, so I'd assumed his platelet research hadn't panned out, and I was pretty much resigned to never hear from him again.
I'd had a couple of days to get used to the idea of dying, and I learned that I'm nothing if not adaptable. So, although I wasn't thrilled that I'd never see my forties or fifties or get married or have grandkids or anything else old people fondly reminisce about, I would accept it. Quit my job? Why? I hadn't won the lottery. I still didn't know exactly when I would die. If I could help out the staff and still pay my rent, then I would keep working. Besides, going to my job lent a sense of normalcy to my upended world. And, even though I wasn't at my best, how much brains did it take to stick a needle in a patient's vein and fill vials with blood?
Dr. Farkas looked kissable, and lickable, and all the other -ables you want to add, dressed in black Armani and wrapped up in an expensive-looking wool coat. All dressed in black like that—did I mention the black Oxfords?—and stubble darkening his face, he looked like the freakin' reincarnation of Johnny Cash, minus the arrogant sneer and the slung-over-the-shoulder guitar.
"Ms. Andrews, we have to talk."
Good evening to you too, doctor. "I'm sorry, but I'm working," I replied.
"I insist. It's very important."
I asked him to wait while I dropped off the small basket of vials from my last patient and signed out for my break. When I turned around to look for him in the waiting room, Dr. Farkas was standing so close that I bumped into his chest. My hand went to his—I quickly discovered—rock-hard abs as I steadied myself and regained my balance. He remained silent and unmoving, the corners of his mouth twitching, as he looked down at me. Maybe he was waiting for me to remove my hand, something I was in no hurry to do.
We took the elevator down to the basement cafeteria. "I've only got fifteen minutes," I warned. As I ran a hand through my disheveled hair, I wondered what could possibly drive him out to see me so late at night. Maybe my tests showed another fatal disease that he'd missed the first time around and he just couldn't wait to tell me the news.
Dr. Farkas insisted on paying for my coffee, and he bought a bottle of water for himself. A lot of the cafeteria tables were occupied, even in the middle of the night. We sat down at a vacant table surrounded by techies dressed in a rainbow of hospital whites, pinks, and greens, quietly talking amongst themselves.
"Isn't it a little late for a house call, Doctor?" I glanced at my watch: 3:35 a.m. No wonder he wore that haggard look. He either wasn't getting enough sleep or he wasn't eating enough veggies. And his skin was so pale, he seemed even more in need a healthy dose of sunshine and vitamin D than I did.
"Call me Jakob, please," he said, staring into my eyes.
"All right, Jakob." It felt strange to say his name aloud and to his face. Over the past couple of days, I'd angrily called him so many other names, none of them very nice. But I'd also whispered his name at night, tucked into my bed, imagining what treasures I might uncover beneath those dark clothes of his.
"I've been thinking a lot about you, Abigail."
I scalded my tongue on the coffee and stifled a swear. Finally, I asked, "What about me, specifically, have you been thinking . . . about?"
"Specifically? Your cure." He brought the bottle of water to his lips as he read my reaction.
A cure? Huh. "Thanks?" I finally said, unable to pin much hope to his words. After all, I was part of the medical community. I knew the same facts he did about leukemia. At this advanced stage, there was no cure. New platelet research or not. I'd seen the numbers. In fact, I would have to stop working soon. I was getting too tired to be on my feet all night. Food held no interest for me, and, when I did eat, I managed only small portions, which didn't help any to keep my energy up. At the rate I was shedding the pounds, though, Jenny Craig would've been proud of my weight loss journey.
"Are you open-minded?"
"Do you mean, do I want to be healed with crystals and pyramid power?" I snorted. I worked with doctors all day long, and, believe me, my car mechanic was smarter than some of these quacks.
"I'm proposing a radical cure, but I need your permission to try it."
It was almost cute the way Jakob spoke, so formal, as if he were asking me to the prom. A couple of temporary 'cures' flashed through my mind, the thoughts burning my face.
"Okay, I give you my permission to try, but it's not gonna change anything. I'm still dying" at a rate of eight million cells a second "and there's nothing you, or anyone else, can do about it." I could feel those busy white blood cells multiplying out of control throughout my body as I sat there and sipped hot coffee.
It took a minute before he spoke again. "Don't do it for my sake. Do you want to be cured?"
"Of course."
"Wonderful!" Jakob smiled, as if I'd revealed to him the secret of winning the State lottery. "So, what would you be willing to do?" he asked.
Hello. Was he looking to hook up with me? "What do you have in mind, Doctor?" I asked, willing a seductive wickedness into my voice. Why was I flirting with the man who'd recently pronounced my death sentence? Was it because Dr. Farkas had long eyelashes and a toned body? Maybe. On second thought, no. "I'm sorry, but I don't think I can do this," I said.
Jakob brought the water bottle to his lips again as he considered my protest. He set the bottle down and said, "Perhaps if I explain further."
I downed the rest of my bitter coffee and tapped my watch. "Two minutes. Then I've gotta fly."
He took my hand and stroked it, making me think of his hands on other parts of my body. "We both know how dire your situation is, Abigail, but whether you believe me or not, I think I can provide a cure for your condition. But it's unconventional."
Honestly, I thought he was full of it, but the dying part of me was desperate enough to consider that it might be possible. An unconventional cure? Maybe he had discovered some cutting-edge hematology treatment, or he wanted me to try a holistic healing program from India or California.
He leaned closer, and I caught a glimpse of my future in his square face and full mouth. "You see, Abigail, I'm a vampire."
He. Was. A. Vampire? "Really, Dr. Farkas? And how will that miraculously heal me? Or does a low red-blood count taste sweeter?" I fumed as I drew back from him and took my hand with me.
He did a passable impression of a fish out of water, mouth silently gaping, as he searched for words to counter my violent outburst.
"I have to go," I said.. "Tanjana, my night-shift partner in bloodletting, can be a real bitch about long breaks, unless they're hers, of course." I got up, and Jakob rose too. I wondered if there was a full moon tonight. It always brought out the crazies.
He chuckled as if I'd said something funny. "Let's go into all the details later. We should meet again tomorrow."
Why did the good-looking doctor turn out to be such a nutcase? "No. I can't. I work tomorrow."
"I know you do. Can we meet your shift?"
I couldn't very well stop him from showing up at the hospital, could I? "Sure," I replied, "why not?"
He bent down and whispered in my ear. "I should also mention that there would be some traveling involved with the procurement of this cure."
The aroma of his spicy, exotic aftershave filled my nose. Electricity zipped through my body, warming me all over. "Traveling?" I squeaked.
What was my problem? Was I suddenly fourteen again, getting all weak-kneed around a man who paid the slightest bit of attention to me? I mean, a vampire who paid attention to me, offered me a cure, promised some traveling?
"Yes. I'm afraid I can't stay here much longer."
"Why? Does the AMA frown upon vampire practitioners or is it because there are too many werewolves around here, Edward?" He looked confused, leaving me to appreciate my own lame joke.
Jakob held my wrist while he performed a quick scan of the cafeteria. When he focused on me again, I swear, I nearly swooned. I'm talking Brad Pitt to the power of a hundred. "If I'm to cure you, we'll have to start our search in Europe," he said.
Start in Europe! For years I dreamt of a European vacation. Paris, Vienna, Rome, any place where I could get lost in foreign talk, different shops, strangers' lives.
"Europe. All expenses paid?" I asked shrewdly. Phlebotomists don't earn as much as you'd think.
Jakob chuckled. With a gracious sweep of his hand, he included my airfare and hotel. "You would be my guest. We'll talk more tomorrow. Sleep on it," he added.
Before I could agree or disagree, he'd disappeared. I felt my cheek, and my fingers came away smelling of his aftershave.
Even though I didn't really believe that Dr. Jakob Farkas was a vampire, the whole encounter left my imagination running wild. Maybe it was the hope of a cure he'd dangled in front of me. Or maybe it was that I found him very attractive and wanted to take him home with me. I wouldn't have minded trading a couple hours of much-needed sleep for some vampire lovin'!
A couple of hours later, I left work. Even though dawn wouldn't break through the cloudy gray sky for a bit yet, I realized I'd lived through yet another night shift.
Of course, I didn't sleep at all that day, thinking too much about Jakob's proposition. It didn't help that the sun decided to make a special appearance, turning my bedroom into an explosion of bright light. The same questions kept circling around my tired brain: Was Dr. Jakob Farkas a scam artist, going around offering snake oil to the dying? Why was he lavishing such attention on me? Love? Lust? Redemption of some kind? And what was the deal with that whole vampire story? Didn't he know I was desperate enough to consider going anywhere with him, even, especially if he wasn't a vampire?
I dragged my butt into the hospital that night, still undecided about what I would tell Jakob. As it turned out, I didn't have to tell him anything. I didn't stop running from one patient to the next, and, before I knew it, I was once again gathering up my things at the end of the long shift and getting ready to go home.
Jakob's no-show left me surprisingly disappointed. He wasn't waiting for me at the doors either, and by the time my feet hit the sidewalk I thought I'd surely seen the last of him. Too bad. I must've convinced him I was too hard to catch. Well, I'd have to get a referral to see another hematologist.
But, no. Here he was, appearing out of thin air and falling in step beside me like a handsome Grim Reaper in unrelieved black. In contrast, I still wore my maroon scrubs beneath my winter jacket.
He took my cold hand, and I welcomed his silky touch. I like a man who takes charge, even if that man's hand is stone cold.
There's not much that's open at four thirty in the morning, so I took him to a nearby coffee shop.
We sat down at a wrought-iron table. Folk rock ballads streamed from a radio behind the counter. The aroma of ground coffee and fresh-baked pastries stirred my appetite, and I ordered an éclair with my coffee.
I kept surveying the room, afraid I'd run into someone I knew, as if Jakob and I were sharing more than just a table and a couple of coffees.
"So, have you given any thought to my idea?"
Straight to the point. I like that, too. "Which point was that, again? The vampire thing or the traveling?"
He humored me and winked. "The traveling."
"Yeah, I have, but I don't understand about having to travel to Europe. With FedEx and the Internet, why do you, we, need to travel anywhere? St. Luke's is a world-class teaching hospital. What's in Europe that can't be done here to cure me?" I don't know how I managed to ask this with my exhausted brain screaming at me the whole time to shut up and not spoil my chances to travel overseas.
"We can't stay here because the information I'll need to cure you isn't located here," he said.
Did I detect some impatience in his voice? "Where is it, then?"
"In Europe. Like I told you."
"But I don't see why . . . " Oh, what the heck. "Sure. Whatever. I'm too tired to argue." The way I saw it, I either went with him or I didn't. It came down to a question of trust, and how I chose to spend the rest of my life. As it was, I had nothing better to do around here except die, so my schedule was pretty much open. No regrets, right?
I bit into my creamy éclair. I loved French pastry, the more calorie-laden, the better.
"That stuff will eventually kill you, Abigail," Jakob said with a straight face.
"Ha ha ha. Funny." I shot him a withering look as I took another big bite of confectionary sugar and lard. He waited while I chewed and swallowed.
"But tell me this. I'm sure there are plenty of others around Scranton on their deathbeds. Why not offer to heal them instead?"
Jakob leaned forward and reached for my hand. He flashed me a smile, and the appearance of long teeth startled me. Had he got trendy canine implants?
"I'm in love with you, Abigail." His voice barely carried the short distance between us. "I've loved you since that day you walked into my office. You're all I can think about. You're all I want to think about."
Vampire In Love With Phlebotomist. It was romantic, in a Weekly World News kind of way.
"Oh my, I've never been wooed by a vampire before," I said, my laughter covering up the thrumming of my heart. No one had professed their love for me in a quite some time. My hairstylist declared his love, but I think he loved my hundred-dollar cuts more than me. "But what's love got to do with my cure?"
I didn't want to annoy Jakob, but I reserved the right to not be messed around with, especially since I was the one dying. I had no patience for all the deathbed good fortune that he was bringing my way. Love. Cure. Traveling. Vampire.
"It's not that easy to explain."
"Try me," I said, frowning.
"I am going to cure you, but—" He paused. "I can't do it right now. I haven't fed in over a century," he finally admitted.
Of course I knew he wasn't a vampire, but I still pulled my hand away when he said that. "I understand. I personally can't go more than three or four hours without a bite," I quipped.
Jakob chuckled as he wrapped his free hand around the steaming cup of coffee in front of him. "Don't worry, Abigail. If I can go a hundred years without feeding and still work with blood every day, then I think you're safe."
Of course, a vampire would say that.
"I love you," he repeated. "I love everything about you. Your beautiful smile. The way you smell. How your eyes sparkle like diamonds. I need to save you. But first, I need you to save me." He extended his hand, and I took it.
The man sure had a way with words. His closeness had me nearly swooning in my chair, almost overcome by lovey-dovey feelings. Vampire love would save me from my fatal illness. Go figure. "So, Jakob, what are you proposing?" I asked, stroking my neck, taunting him, daring him to attack me in public. "That's how it works, isn't it? You bite me, I go through a couple of minutes of discomfort, and then I become a vampire too, and I'm cured. Right?"
"No. There are complications."
"What complications? Is it because I'm Catholic?" My hand went to my neck, where a small pewter cross swayed.
Jakob remained frozen in shock before exploding in a deep laugh that eventually faded to a rumble. "No, not at all. Trust me, if you had an ounce of faith in the Risen God-Man," he pointed to the cross, I'd have no choice but to fall in love with someone else."
What was he saying, that I didn't have any faith?
He continued, "No, The issue is that I may have done some structural damage to myself by not feeding for so long. I first need to start feeding again."
I slid my chair closer and once again offered him my neck. "It's okay, Jakob. Go ahead. Just don't hurt me," I whispered and closed my eyes. Even though I was joking, my voice trembled.
He grazed the skin covering my carotid artery with those canines of his, and I shivered. Then he pulled away.
He chuckled. "Sweetheart, you watch too many movies. Yes, your blood would provide a much-needed meal for me, but all it would do for you right now is get you killed. Once I've replenished my body, and regained my powers, then I'll be able to start looking for your cure. Turnings don't happen as frequently as you think. And there's more to them than simply biting you on the neck. They're complicated affairs, and I've never turned anyone."
"No? Why not?"
"I've never felt the desire to add another being to our kind. Until now. Of course, that doesn't mean I haven't heard of the existence of ancient myths and legends explaining how to do it. I'll have to start my research in Europe. I know your time is limited, so we have to hurry."
"Whoa!" I held up a hand. "So, let me see if I understand this. You've been starving yourself for a long time, for whatever reason, and you want to cure me, because you love me, but you have to cure yourself first?"
He nodded.
"Okay, so let's assume you can cure yourself. Then what happens?"
His cool hand slid around my neck, and he pulled me closer, until our foreheads touched. He whispered, "Heal me. Then I'll heal you." My cheeks heated up as I reacted to his touch. I bit my lower lip so hard that I tasted blood. Jakob became agitated and leaned away, but not before I heard a low growl.
I pictured myself roaming all over the world, forever, as one of the undead. With Jakob by my side, I admit the prospect held some appeal. But if I was to be alone forever, though . . . not so much. There were so many questions I should have asked, but didn't.
Again, as if he'd read my mind, he said, "Once you're healed, you'll have to decide what you want to do with your new life."
"What about my family?"
"I don't think you'll want to be near them. The turning changes people. You'll look physically different, not to mention that it's going to take some time before you learn to control your appetite so that you can be near people without feeding on them. I love you, Abigail, and I want you by my side forever, but I won't hold you back, if that's what you're afraid of. You have my word." He placed a hand over his heart in a modified Scout's Honor gesture.
No one would miss me if I decided to embark on this last adventure. I hung out or went shopping with Suzie and Carole, other real bloodsuckers like me working at the clinic. But they had kids and Significant Others and lives of their own. As for Mom and Dad, well, that was a whole other story.
"We'd be gone for a few months," Jakob said.
I realized those few months would probably be the rest of my life. Did I want to stay here and mope until the day I died, or did I want to see the world on Jakob's arm?
"This isn't a decision to be made lightly. I've been alive for so long, Abigail. The world has changed many times over. You can't imagine what it feels like to watch dynasties rise and fall, while one keeps existing. My friends and family died so long ago; I barely remember them. I'm alone in this world. Alone and lonely. I am the last of the Kethules."
"Um . . . I don't know what a Kethule is."
"An old tribe. It's not important right now. But it would become your new family if you took my cure."
"So, you're lonely and tired of existing? Is that why you've been starving yourself all these years?" One hundred years, my brain whispered.
"Short answer: Yes."
Apparently, it took a lot to kill a vampire.
"Are you reconsidering my offer?" he asked, trying to decipher whatever expression he saw on my face.
I patted his concerns away. "Of course not. Traveling in Europe with a suicidal vampire searching for some mythical cure? Sign me up!"
We kissed to celebrate my decision. Our lips touched, and I immediately became light-headed. I couldn't tell if he had taken some of my precious life with that kiss or given me an overdose of his. We both wanted more. His lips parted and so did mine. The kiss deepened. I gasped when the points of his razor-sharp teeth pricked my tongue.
My heart hammered in my chest as I sat back in my chair. I'd never been kissed like that before. I still felt as if I might faint at any second. And Jakob looked troubled, his hand shook as he held his coffee, creating tiny concentric ripples on the surface.
He seemed to need a moment to collect himself. When he spoke again, he added some conditions to my joining him: I'd have to travel light—ready to move at a moment's notice—and I couldn't correspond with anyone. No letters to friends. No phone calls to family. No Facebook. No Twitter or Pinterest. Well, now I wondered if Dr. Jakob Farkas wasn't a serial killer maneuvering to get me alone with him so that he could do me . . . kill me, that is.
Hey, I watched Dexter. I knew how some of these psychos worked.
When I objected, Jakob claimed it was because he was being followed—hunted, was the actual word he used—and he couldn't take any chances that someone would intercept my dispatches and track us down. Great. My traveling companion was a paranoid schizophrenic vampire!
It dawned on me—once I heard all the conditions—that if I left with Jakob, I would be leaving Mom and Dad, and never see them again. Maybe this was an easier way to say goodbye. They'd taken the whole our-daughter-is-dying-from-leukemia drama pretty hard, and this way I could spare them the drawn out, grisly end. They probably wouldn't even miss me, they'd be so busy playing bingo and shopping and, you know, getting on with living.
The rest of my meeting with Jakob turned into an awkward Speed Dating kind of interview:
Did I smoke? No.
Drink alcohol? Some. I liked Australian Chardonnay and Cosmopolitans.
"No more," Jakob announced.
"Why not?" I challenged.
"You'll need to stay sharp. I can't have you drunk, for your own safety as well as mine."
"Any medication?" he continued.
"Nope. Nothing."
"Nothing? Not even birth control?"
My face burned as if it were two inches from the sun. "No, no birth control." Not that it was any of the good vampire doctor's business, but I didn't hook up with men that much, what with my working mostly nights and actually having some standards. Plus, our local priest constantly reminded our congregation every Sunday of the Church's official position on the whole pre-marital sex issue. Truth be told, maybe I wasn't the best Catholic around and lacked faith—according to Jakob—but I did try to be good most of the time.
Finally the embarrassing Q&A ended. I left the coffee shop as I tried to silence the shrill voice in my head telling me I should stay home for the little time I had left to live. If . . . when I got sick in Europe, I'd be in serious trouble. What if I was too ill to make my way back home before Jakob could heal me? What if he was using me to cure him, and then he'd dump me, his own cure for me just a lie, a ruse?
After all, just how trustworthy were vampires supposed to be?
So much for the voice of reason. The next day, I said my goodbyes at the clinic and left on a sabbatical of sorts, claiming I was going on a genealogical trip to Europe. Everyone was nice enough to pretend I wasn't dying. There was even chocolate cake! And, due to my excellent attendance record—not one sick day in almost five years; irony pretty much rules my life—Dr. Kaleekal, the blood clinic manager, promised to hold my job. As if I'd ever return to work.
Even though it was against Jakob's rules, I mailed Mom and Dad a goodbye note telling them I was leaving to do some traveling, I loved them, and I'd miss them. I didn't say where I was going, since I didn't even know myself. And, of course, I didn't mention Jakob or the kooky I'm-Gonna-Be-Saved-By-A-Vampire project.
Then I left my old life behind.

* * *

Had I known then what I know now.
Over the next several months, I went from being a goggle-eyed travel junkie to a world-weary explorer. My life didn't exactly turn out how I had pictured it would when Jakob first invited me on this adventure. Maybe all the blood took the fun out of it for me.
Oh, by the way, it turned out Jakob was a real vampire.
As soon as I agreed to join him in this mad eye-of-newt scavenger hunt, we left the U.S. Our first stop was Amsterdam, where Jakob began to feed again. The first night he returned to our hotel room all rosy-cheeked and covered in blood, I understood why vamps wore black.
When Jakob saw that his blood-soaked clothes didn't revolt me too much—I was a trained phlebotomist, I reminded him—he let me tag along on his nightly feedings. What did freak me out? He saw no difference between chewing on a rat or a human being.
"Blood is blood, Abby." The more Jakob fed, the more his appetite grew, and he soon fed exclusively on people. After all, normal humans have ten pints of blood, compared to only twenty-five milliliters in a rat.
I didn't like all the killings, Thou shallt not kill was listed pretty high on the list of Ten Commandment no-nos, and I strongly suggested that he might want to drink a couple of pints each from a larger number of victims rather than drain and kill several of them. He promised me he would try, and the fact he was willing to accommodate my prurient demands reassured me of his love.
We even made a game of it. I'd lure a homeless guy into an abandoned alley, where Jakob would do his Houdini thing and silently materialize behind the victim. While the man was occupied with me, Jakob would dig those razor-sharp teeth into the hobo's neck. After the initial rustiness wore off and he got his groove back, Jakob rarely wasted a drop of blood, which made his feeding a bit more pleasant for everyone involved—well, everyone except the victim.
I kept at him to feed from me, and that caused some friction between us. "Why do you take their blood, but not mine?" I whined.
"Because I don't worry about killing them."
But I saw the rapturous looks on his victims' faces. I wanted to feel what they felt when he fed. I saw my chance and took advantage of Jakob's dry spell of victims a few times while we were in transit, coaxing him to feed from me, trusting he could stop before sucking all the life right out of me. I never felt any pain, not even when he sunk his teeth into the skin. It was such an intimate touch, beginning with a kiss. I offered him my neck, but he chose to feed instead from the artery in my thigh. I ran my hands through his hair as he kissed my flesh and then bit me. I pressed his face against my thigh, driving his fangs deep and releasing whatever anesthetic made the whole experience so mind-blowing.
When he finished feeding, he took me in his arms and sometimes we made love. The other times we had done it there'd been fireworks. He was a passionate, attentive lover. But these explosions happened inside my head and in my soul, and afterwards I thought I might never recover.
Jakob assured me he was getting stronger with each feeding. He likened the changes in his body to a renewed sense of strength and endurance. I associated it with the human growth hormones that dumb athletes took. Jakob filled out his shirts more, seeming to grow muscle mass and flesh in spite of the rigors of travel. The hungry flame never left his dark eyes anymore. I chose to think of it as a craving for me.
He seemed to be well on his way of curing himself. Meanwhile, I was left feeling listless and anemic, a combination of the advanced leukemia and Jakob's feedings. It got so bad that he refused to feed from me any more, and there was nothing I could do or say to change his mind. I begged to receive some of his vamp blood, and I knew before he said so that it would kill me. Hematology 101: not all blood types are compatible, especially inter-species.
So he fed from 'strays', and we continued to travel, propelled as much by necessity to escape suspicion for the string of corpses left behind as by the mysterious clues Jakob uncovered in his research for my cure.
It wasn't all blood and corpses, though. Ever been around a vampire? Sometimes Jakob would playfully scare me, just to remind me of what he could do. We'd be in the hotel room, him by my side, his hand caressing my face—which, sigh, was sometimes the only caressing he did—and when I'd lean in for a kiss, he'd suddenly disappear. Then I'd hear him shout up to me from across the street, spewing love poetry through the open window. He'd be back in my arms before I had a chance to catch my breath. Yeah, stunts like that always gave me the willies.
Jakob's enemies revealed themselves shortly after we landed in Buenos Aires. Crucifixes nailed to our hotel room doors. Bibles left in places we were sure to pass. All seemingly innocent events, unless you knew Jakob was a vampire. Cloaked figures in flowing robes wearing crucifixes trailed after us in dark alleys, hidden in shadows and pursuing us from one country to the next. Several times Jakob raced into our room in the middle of the night, covered in blood and flesh wounds that would've killed a normal human being, only to announce we had to leave immediately.
I was scared to death more often than not. One night Jakob paused outside of our door long enough to stop me from going in. Before I could ask what was the matter, he flew into our hotel room and dragged a squirming man out of the closet. Jakob had smelled the assassin from the hallway. With a hard shake, he made the man drop a wooden stake and a hammer.
Then Jakob attacked.
Fleshy bits flew everywhere, and Closet Man was no more! Afterwards, we were both covered in sticky blood. It took hours to clean up the room, but the remains fit nicely in a small kitchen garbage bag.
I received roses everywhere we stayed. I would wake up and find myself surrounded by flowers. Dozens of roses, placed around the room, on top of dressers, in our bed, in vases. All de-thorned, most of them a luscious red, the rich color of healthy hemoglobin.
I fell in love with Jakob over room service steaks and five-star hotels. Most of the time, I could deal with the homesickness that snuck up on me. Okay, I admit that I did leave him once, while we were in Cairo. He'd stayed back at the hotel, out of the hot sun, while I visited the ancient city. I started out wanting to do some shopping, which reminded me of my friends back home, which reminded me of my abandoned parents.
One step led to another and, before I knew it, I'd bought a ticket for a steamer headed to Halifax, Nova Scotia. From there, I figured I could make my way back home. But some unknown delays prevented the ship from leaving port on schedule, and I wasn't totally shocked when Jakob found me shortly after sunset, as I was preparing to board the boat. He claimed to have used his sense of smell to follow my beautiful scent through the city.
Now, if that's not love . . . .
Each time I had my fill of all the traveling—and his constant feedings and killings—and threatened to leave, Jakob convinced me that he was getting closer to finding all the parts for my cure. Through our travels he claimed to have learned about incantations and that the ceremony needed to be performed in a ritual place that he hadn't figured out yet. I mentioned Stonehenge because we had yet to set foot on English soil on our Save Abigail Andrews World Tour, and he told me he could never go there because Stonehenge was sacred ground. Oh well, so much for visiting the Queen and seeing Baby Prince George.
With the two of us on the job, we could research twice as fast. Jakob took off at sunset to feed and track down leads while I slept, and then I'd hit the local library archives with a list of books he'd give me upon his pre-dawn return. We were a team. We would succeed together. Or I would die trying.
All in all, the months passed in relative calmness. Jakob's vampire constitution got stronger the more he fed. He could now withstand the dawn's feeble rays, although not painlessly; his hearing and eyesight increased to supernatural levels, as did his abilities to charm victims. All these powers he'd allowed to fade by not feeding for so long.
Each minute spent in the company of this amazing man made me want to live more than ever, and I'd do whatever Jakob asked of me to ensure that. I became convinced that he was my ticket to a happy life, just as surely I was his.
It took us two more months of crisscrossing the world several times before Jakob had pieced together the massive jigsaw puzzle of my cure. If I never got on another United Airline plane I'd be a happy person.
Usually, Jakob would send me off to get a book, or sometimes to track down artifacts in museums. Then, in Stuttgart, he returned one night claiming to have remembered something and demanding all the information I could find on the Lascaux caves. When he awoke at dusk, I had stacks of books on art history, magic, geography, and even astronomy. He went out to feed, and I stayed in to browse through the art history books, looking at cave art and taking notes.
Jakob soon returned and dove into the material, starting by comparing the geography of the caves with astronomical charts dating back thousands of years. I fell asleep while watching Breakfast at Tiffany's in German.
He woke me up later. "I've found the last clue," he exclaimed.
"Great." I yawned, intending to go back to sleep.
"Pack your things. We're leaving for France!"
"Right now?"
"We don't have a minute to lose," he said, stacking all the library books and maps into a neat pile for the hotel staff to return.
We spent half an hour on a short but turbulent flight from Stuttgart to Paris. Jakob couldn't sit still, and it wasn't because of the lightning flashes that bounced off the plane. I'd never seen him so excited. To calm him down, and to send me into a delicious swoon, I offered him my neck and he discreetly fed.
I awoke in a drunken stupor as the plane touched down. I stood up, my legs heavy and unsteady beneath me as I navigated the narrow aisle. Lucky for me, my boyfriend was a big strapping vampire. With an arm wrapped around my waist, he supported me effortlessly, and my feet barely touched the ground as we slipped off the plane and streaked through the airport terminal.
Now that we were in cold, soggy France I wondered for the thousandth time what I had gotten myself into.

* * *

I still couldn't believe I was in France. I'd always wanted to visit the exotic country, but never in my wildest fantasies did I ever picture myself in a French cave, cowering in the dark like a possum. A few miles to the north lay Limoges, Orléans, and Paris, the famed City of Lights: luxury hotels with hot baths, soft beds, and clean sheets.
But the only Parisian runways I spotted were the airport kind. No supermodels or high fashions in sight. After our plane landed, we ducked into a waiting taxi and traveled through the night on a series of abandoned highways until we reached our destination, the small village of Lascaux. The driver dropped us off at a spot where tourists trekked four miles through rolling fields to get to the famous caves.
I trudged along the worn path, the scent of chives and wild garlic wafting on the cool air. Finally, we reached a wind-swept clearing. Jakob consulted a map he'd stolen from a Stuttgart library and pointed us in the direction of the biggest cave.
He insisted we had to be here—this exact spot—when dawn broke for the Spring Equinox. Tight-lipped as always, he had yet to tell me what exactly would happen then.
The main public opening to the cave had been sealed for the past couple of years, but Jakob led me to another entrance, not on any tourist map. We broke in, crawled around in the dark and found the cave empty. Jakob went out to gather some firewood before dawn. We would have to wait practically a whole day until the Equinox. It wasn't so bad. I packed enough fresh bread and cheese to tide me over for a few days. Jakob had me. And we had each other. I slept, dreamt we made love, woke up, and made love. I ate.
The day flew by and soon the cloudy sky outside the cave darkened and Jakob awoke.
A while later, I peeked at my watch; old hospital habits die hard. I could make out the time if I angled the surface so the faint light from the dying fire reached it. A bit past seven.
If everything went right, this was where I would be rid of my leukemia. And it couldn't come too soon, either. Whenever I inhaled, my breath wheezed and I heard the Death Rattle in my lungs. The little strength I still had slowly ebbed from my body as I lay on the cold cavern floor and shivered.
Jakob disappeared into the nearby woods and soon returned, his face flushed with fresh blood.
"Now what?" I asked.
"Now we wait. Patience, Abigail," he said before taking me in his arms and kissing me. I tasted traces of some animal blood on his lips and tried not to gag.
Yet when he pulled away, he left me wanting more. I hugged him harder. "Kiss me," I said, wanting him to run his tongue along my throat the way he liked to do. The pulse under my skin excited him. Whenever he said things like that, I melted.
"Abigail, we can't. Not yet. We'll have all the time in the world to make love after the Equinox.
"But I want you now!"
"No," he said firmly.
"Why not?" I whined.
"Save it for the Equinox."
"What do you mean? Do you even know what we're doing here?"
"I know most of it. The rest I'll have to play by ear. Like I told you at the start, I've never turned anyone before."
"Well, I hope you do it right." I envisioned spending eternity as a mutant, neither alive nor dead. Unable to live, unable to die.
I lay down and snuggled inside my sleeping bag, zipping up the side to retain as much of my body heat as possible. Jakob tended to the fire, and then lay down on top of his sleeping bag.
"Warm enough?" he asked.
I ignored him. I knew we weren't in the Ritz Hotel Paris, but couldn't he even take me in his arms and hold me?
"Relax, Abigail." He rested in Corpse Pose, inscrutable as always, unmoved by my growing misery.
"No, you relax." I compounded my childishness by rolling over and turning my back to him.
No matter how hard I wanted to, though, I couldn't stay angry. Any woman whose heart still beat would understand why I had run away with Jakob, and why I pinned my future on the success of his mission.
Another gust of wind ruffled the sleeping bags and nipped at my nose. I wondered how much colder the night might get. My wet boots and socks were still drying by the fire, and I hoped my pantyhosed feet could stay warm. I'd layered a T-shirt under a thick wool sweater, and I had on a windbreaker yet I shivered when the wind howled.
I scrunched down deeper in the sleeping bag, wishing I'd bought an extra pair of wool socks in Germany. But my pack had already been bursting at the seams. It had been warmer there, and I thought at the time that the good weather would follow us to France.
It didn't.
My impressions of France? It was a cold, damp and ugly country. I wondered if pneumonia would kill me before the leukemia did. Resigned to spending the rest of the night in complete discomfort, I twisted so I could face the ceiling. The fire illuminated the painted surfaces. They were absolutely fascinating.
I examined one image; an animal with two large tusks and lots of gray fur. The poor thing lay on its side, wounded and surrounded by eight stick figures holding long spears. Divots marred the stone near the beast.
To get his attention, I freed an elbow from the sleeping bag and nudged Jakob. "Why would anyone try to destroy this picture?" Maybe vandalism was the reason the caves had been closed to the public, I wondered. There'd been a piece of yellow tape, twisting in the wind and rain, spanning the cave's lesser-known entrance. Apparently, a strip of plastic was all it took to keep the law-abiding French from trespassing.
Jakob propped himself up on an elbow and smiled, as if recalling a pleasant memory. "These images were drawn to help in the hunt," he explained. "The Kethules thought that a depiction of a successful hunt, infused with magical chants, would bind the gods to a favorable outcome."
"What's with the holes, then?" I asked.
He stood up and put his fingers in the holes. "While the shaman created the scene, the rest of the tribe performed a hunting ritual, driving themselves into a frenzy with chants and dancing. When the shaman finished the picture, the ceremony reached its climax, and they threw spears and knives at the image, in effect killing the beast with magic."
Huh. Stupid cavemen. "Why are you looking at me that way?" The stronger he became, the more I felt a mental pull, an attraction to Jakob. Sometimes, I swear I felt him inside my head, but he never admitted that he could read my mind.
He came over and we shared a lingering kiss involving tongues, panting, groping hands, and too many layers of clothes. He stepped away and I added frustration to my list of complaints.
"So what happened after that? Did they go out to hunt?" I asked when he tucked me back inside my sleeping bag.
"Yes, they went out to hunt, but that came later, after they pooled their energies for the hunt," he explained.
So now Jakob was a expert on caveman hunting rituals. He mentioned the Kethules and that rang a bell. Even a vampire couldn't have been around way back then, could he? Seventeen thousand years ago? No! The guy looked to be about thirty-five.
I decided to test him. "So what did the chant sound like?"
"It would only sound like random noises to you."
"C'mon, try me. You know I like lots of different music. It can't be worse than rap," I joked.
"Alright." He stood up and brushed the dirt off his pants. Then he cleared his throat and began to sing weird words, most of which I couldn't understand. He swayed on his feet, moving his arms as if he were throwing a spear. He repeated words like huks, racks, kest, in an ever-faster rhythm.
Jakob was right, none of it made any sense. The accompanying melody was creepy, though. The longer he chanted, the more animated his arms and legs became, the louder his voice rose. My mind became unfocused, and I had a desperate desire to rip my clothes off and join in his dance. I could taste raw meat, and the urge to kill something overwhelmed me. Images of large, wooly beasts filled my vision. When Jakob shook me awake, I realized I'd been spinning around, dancing, I guess, because I was panting for breath and my feet were dirty and sore from stomping around the fire.
"Um . . . . What was that?" I asked, rearranging my clothes.
"A powerful incantation. I'm glad to see that it still works. We might need it later," Jakob added, settling down once again on his sleeping bag.
I dug out a bottle of water from my backpack and drank deeply. Still catching my breath, I wandered over and inspected one of the sepia horses drawn on a flat stone above my head. If I stretched up on tiptoes, I could barely touch it with my fingertips. The flames from our fire flickered so the animal looked like it was galloping. Running away.
I sneezed, and a—what would you call it?—a coven of bats stirred to life in an adjoining cave. They'd been jumpy all day, ever since we'd crashed their place. I suspected they were as tired of us as I was of them.
Jakob didn't seem to mind them, though.
You wouldn't believe the lecture I got on bats when I asked what was making that horrible racket the first time they all freaked and started squeaking and flapping their leathery wings. Did you know that bats have remained virtually unchanged for the past fifty million years? And also, that bats are the only mammals capable of sustained flight?
I went from overheating like a furnace in July to shivering and rummaging for more clothes. Jakob wasn't cold. The weather had no effect on him. I'd seen him soaked to the bone in torrential downpours in Christchurch and also in Madrid. He'd only blinked away the rain. A sudden blizzard in the mountains of northern Afghanistan didn't faze him, either. The weather got so bad that six people died during the two weeks we were stranded there, their frozen bodies discovered in snowdrifts. We quietly left before learning if they'd caught the 'animal' that had slashed their throats.
When I asked him if he'd killed those people, he said, "I'll never lie to you, Abigail." So, was he implying that even though he wasn't responsible for the deaths of the Popsicle People, he knew who—or what—was? I didn't ask. He has a way of answering a question that leaves me feeling a bit unsettled.
"I'm cold," I volunteered, returning to my sleeping bag cocoon.
His lips moved, and I considered the possibility that he might be praying, even though he'd never struck me as the religious type. In all the cities we'd visited—places like Vienna, Rome, and Barcelona—he never once accompanied me into a church or cathedral. At first, I didn't know if he couldn't because of, you know, his condition. But I didn't force the issue. I didn't want my vamp boyfriend to suddenly burst into flames upon entering St. Peter's Basilica. Awkward!
Another time he'd explained about sacred sites. His inability to enter a church had to do with the whole dead/not dead thing being an affront to God. Who would've thought the undead had rules to obey?
Shivering alone in my sleeping bag and wanting, craving, my man's body heat to warm me up, a sharp rock still digging in my back and sending pain up my spine, with literally tons of stone above my head just waiting for me to close my eyes so they could fall and crush me to death in my sleep . . . in the dark, so far from home, I admitted I might have made a mistake running away with Jakob. I missed my job. I missed my burgundy uniform and my duties, the day-to-day routine of filling vials with people's blood. I missed comforting nervous patients and placating impossible doctors. I even missed the paperwork.
I burst into tears as I wondered about my life choices.
The tears only made my face colder. I snuffled and tried to generate some heat by rubbing my hands over my arms. I would've liked for Jakob to do that, but I didn't ask him. I couldn't bear one more of his cold-hearted rejections at this point.
Out of the corner of my eye, I glanced at my travel companion, taut and muscled, his chest nicely filling out his black shirt.
I couldn't help but wonder what would happen to us. After.
"Jakob?"
"Yes, Abigail?"
I still got shivers whenever he said my name. He couldn't say it in an unsexy way even if he tried.
"What's going to happen at the Equinox?"
I wormed my way closer. He played with my hair, and I wanted more.
"I don't know," he admitted.
"You promise that you'll look after me and you won't let me die?" When it really came down to it, how trustworthy were vampires? And just how was he going to heal me, anyway? The details were as vague as ever.
"Of course not, Abigail. Don't worry, we'll be together for ever," he assured me. He stood and picked up a smoldering piece of charcoal from the fire. Then he dug around the side of the cave and unearthed a reddish stone.
"What are you doing?"
Instead of answering, he walked to a blank spot between images on the stone ceiling and he began to draw, first with the black charcoal, and then with the red stone. I heard a mumbled version of the chant he'd sung earlier.
The small drawing fit in stylistically with the other pictures. He drew two figures side by side, kind of the way we laid down earlier. The drawn heads overlapped: a black oval sketched over sepia.
"This icon shows a turning." He spoke carefully. "That one is you," he said, pointing to the smaller, red stick figure.
"Really?" I suppose it kind of resembled me, even though he'd definitely exaggerated the big round boobs by several sizes. Wishful thinking, Bucko.
"And the black stick guy?"
"That would be me," he said. And as soon as he said the words, reality somehow shifted and the drawing took on a deeper meaning.
This was the first time he'd mentioned my turning in months. When he began feeding, I understood that my 'miraculous cure' would most likely end up being the electric chair if the cops ever tracked us down. Now that the Equinox was imminent, I was getting a bit scared. "This turning, you can't just say a few magical words and bite my neck?"
"No."
I waited, but he didn't elaborate. I swear, sometimes talking to Jakob was like pulling teeth. "So, then, what are you gonna do to me?"
"Every good tale has an origin story. Do you want to hear one?" he asked, his voice changing from a dreamy tone to one of business-like formality.
His words made my heart beat faster, and all I could do was nod.
"Once upon a time, God created everything, including all the opposites. He divided the world into being and nothingness, good and evil, water and land. Male and female. And life and death."
I strained to hear his soft voice through the gusting breeze.
"God also split the world into light and dark. And then He created two groups of beings. One group ruled in the light of day, and He gave the other dominion over the darkness. I won't bore you with the day rulers. You can read any history book to learn what they did and what has become of them. Instead, I'll tell you about the rulers of the night. Much less is known about them."
"Why is that?" I asked, unnerved by Jakob's growing agitation.
"Unlike the rulers of the day, whose main concerns were politics, building communities and creating commerce, the rulers of the night were more . . . well, you would think they acted more like hunters than politicians."
"So how did the hunters rule, then? Without politics, what kept people from killing each other?"
"Simple. Even despots rule through fear. If you know what a person is most afraid of, then you can control all their actions."
He must've taken my horror for skepticism, because he continued. "For example, you can threaten to torture them or a member of their family. Public executions also work well to keep large groups of people from revolting." He thought for a moment. "With the rulers of the night, you only broke the law once. They meted out justice swiftly and without mercy." His face glowed with perspiration.
Was this hitting too close to home? "Is this how you came to be the last member of your tribe?" I asked.
He nodded, ran a hand through his hair. "Attrition. While the sun rested, the hunters kept the moon company, and they were sustained by it."
"Like bats coming out at night," I said, thinking I had a handle on what he was saying.
"In a way. And so the light and the night dwellers were separated, each living their own lives. Neither group interfered with the other, as God dictated at the time of the Great Beginning. And this arrangement went on for eons, until the rulers of the day became greedy and waged war on the night dwellers."
"How did that happen?" This story was turning into my very own horror show. I had goose bumps all over, even though I remained wrapped up in my sleeping bag.
"In 1807, the world turned into one long, uninterrupted day. London became the first city to light its dark streets with gas, ending the natural divisions between sun and moon." Jakob slammed a hand onto the cold stone, not flinching at the impact.
"Don't," I whispered, still afraid the slightest noise would make the whole cave collapse. "What happened to the rulers of the dark, then? Were they wiped off the face of the earth by their arch-enemy, light?"
"No, we were not." Jakob growled into the shadowy corners. The bats took flight again and Jakob raised his voice to be heard over the noise. "Rulers of the night believed they'd been cheated by God. The new light drove them far away from their ancestral homelands and scattered them to the distant corners of the world, forcing them to inhabit remote areas where un-natural lighting did not exist. From dark caves such as these, they watched the rulers of the day extend their dominion over all of their stolen territories."
"And?" I asked. Don't get me wrong, I'm not stupid. I connected the dots between the rulers of night and my sunlight-avoiding vampire boyfriend entertaining me with a tale of family folklore.
"Well, as you can imagine, Abigail, it led to an imbalance in the world, not that God minded. But every so often, thanks to these ancient sites, obscure tomes, and the magic that still exists between day and night, we're able to turn a new member to the darkness."
Oh yeah . . . the professor was in the house! He'd just listed all the subjects we'd been researching since I left my old life. But as I considered his words . . . the darkness, my heart thumped hard in my chest. Did I want to be part of this darkness? I didn't like the sound of that at all.
He returned to me, done for now with his storytelling. He sat down and helped me out of my bag. I shivered when the cold air hit my warm skin.
We sat beside each other on the cave floor. Jakob hugged me. His face was damp, his five o'clock shadow darker than I'd ever seen it. He drew a tiny pattern on my arms with his fingertips, giving rise to a new crop of goose bumps.
"Adaptation and evolution, Abigail," he whispered in my ear. "Over time, and countless generations, some creatures developed feeding habits during the night and day. Leeches and mosquitoes, for example. Still others, due to evolution, mutation, and biological impossibilities, learned to survive in the chasm between the living and the dead."
Others, such as vampires? I wondered.
"Turnings add to the immortal night hunters' ranks, sweetheart. That's how we'll beat them in the end."
So many questions, so little answers; none that my Catechism of the Catholic Church addressed. "When is the turning going to happen?" I asked, my squeaky voice betraying a growing fear.
"Very soon now. The process has already begun. Can you feel it? The sun is about to rise, and events have been set into motion. I've drawn the turning, according to the instructions, and I recited the spell."
He kissed me hard, his lips mashing against mine until I opened my mouth to breathe and felt those sharp fangs once again.
"Is it time?" I asked after pulling away. My heart raced. Jakob hadn't prepared me at all for this. He hadn't told me anything. "Tell me what to do, Jakob." I didn't know what to expect and mixed with the growing fear I also felt an overwhelming attraction for him. He could have been a thousand years old for all I cared. He was tall, dark, handsome and immortal. And he was all mine.
"Don't worry. I'm not sure about all that's going to happen, but I'll be with you the whole time," he reassured once more me before disappearing into the pre-dawn darkness.

* * *

I stood outside the cave, inhaling the aromas of plants and herbs and pine trees, while staring at the lightening sky. Yet another sunrise. How many had I seen after working all those hospital night shifts? I was busy calculating the answer when Jakob appeared behind me. Before I could say anything, he startled me when he spun me around and held me tight in his arms.
I steadied my voice. "Where've you been, Jakob? The Equinox is here, and it's almost dawn."
"Feeding." His voice sounded rough in my ears. When he sniffed my neck, I felt my pulse beat against his lips. I stifled a scream when his fangs slid out of his mouth. His expression reminded me of a cobra preparing a lethal strike.
"It's almost time." He slid the lethal canines along my jugular. I waited for the painful tug of punctured skin, but it never came.
I'd been around my vampire lover long enough to know something was going on.
"What's happening to you, Jakob?"
"The Equinox is . . . it's changing me." He struggled to get the words out.
Right before my eyes, he transformed into a monster: red eyes, hideous blue veins crisscrossing his forehead and cheeks, stringy hair. The works.
"Don't touch me!" I screamed when I glimpsed the repulsive bony claw resting on my shoulder.
In full panic mode, I squirmed out of his reach and ran back inside the cave. Jakob pursued, hot on my heels. By the time I reached the fire, I realized my mistake. I should have run for the safety of the approaching daylight instead of rushing headlong into a dark dead end. I wheeled around, but the Jakob-thing, hunched over and wheezing, blocked the path to my freedom.
We faced each other across the fire pit. He looked angry. Mad. "Jakob?" I pleaded. I ignored the blood-red eyes fixed on me as I continued to shuffle sideways, maneuvering myself closer to the entrance.
He suddenly roared like a lion, and I jumped. Whatever this animal was, it did not recognize me. For the first time since hooking up with him, I considered that he might attack and hurt me. Maybe Dr. Jakob Farkas loved me, but this drooling creature wasn't my dear Jakob. Another roar attacked my ears before he took a menacing step forward. With his hair plastered on his sweat-soaked face, I couldn't recognize the mild-mannered doctor who had once sat behind an oak desk, joking easily as he counseled me.
He suddenly lunged at me, those yellow claws extended toward my throat. I froze, unable to move a toe, much less my whole body. But before Jakob could get closer, his legs folded under him and he collapsed to the ground. His tormented cries scarred my soul with their shrillness. I screamed as he writhed in the dirt, fighting against some internal force threatening to tear him apart. I got lightheaded and chilled when he snapped his jaw, the long fangs slicing through the full lower lip. Twin strings of thick blood dripped from his wounded mouth, spotting the dirt floor.
"Please," the Jakob-thing begged, his gray face awash in sweat and tears. Crimson splotches smeared his lips and face.
The desperation in his animal eyes broke my heart. "What can I do?" I asked.
He convulsed, violently slamming his face onto a stone.
"Stop! Stop hurting yourself!" As if the demons twisting his body would obey my cries.
He couldn't stop, and his face thudded dully again and again against the bloodied rock. A stream of curses in languages I'd never heard before issued from his bruised mouth and raised the hair on my neck.
Loud snarls tore loose from his chest, ending in throat-wrenching screams. If I could only get outside into the sun, I thought, looking beyond Jakob toward the cave entrance. His deafening growls matched the spreading daylight as dawn broke. Paralyzed with fear, I remained torn between escaping this nightmare and wanting to stay, in the hopes of helping Jakob.
With the lightning-quickness he'd playfully displayed before, Jakob grabbed my leg, his claws slicing through my pant leg and sinking into my calf.
I screamed.
With a swift, powerful motion he pulled me down, and I landed hard, raking my knees on sharp stones. The Jakob-thing tore at my clothes, wrenching another cry from my mouth.
"Jakob! Stop!" I kicked blindly and scrambled to my feet when his hand released me. Clad only in my underwear, I ran for the sunny outdoors. At this point I didn't care about modesty. I was grateful I still had the skin on my back and welcomed running into anyone that could help me.
I never made it to sanctuary. I reached the mouth of the cave, and, as I considered which path led to the sunnier spots in the field, Jakob captured me. I struggled, but he pulled me backwards with ease. We landed on the ground and the impact knocked the wind out of me.
Using what feeble strength I still had for kicking and punching, I continued fighting to free myself. But Jakob had recently fed, and he effortlessly deflected my weak blows as he picked me up and carried me back inside to our lair. He dropped me to the ground like the proverbial sack of potatoes and tore the remaining scraps of clothing off my trembling body, his fingernails leaving long red streaks on my skin.
Jakob stripped off his own clothes too, as if the material was scorching his skin and he couldn't bear the pain any longer. His shredded jacket landed in a heap somewhere in the darkness. He roared again as he removed his shirt and kept me pinned.
I squirmed beneath his weight, gasping for breath.
Before he could recover from convulsing, Jakob's face began to slowly change. Whatever had possessed him earlier was already waning.
His body glowed, bathed in the bright sunshine creeping steadily further into the cave.
His eyes turned the deep dark that I knew and loved. "Jakob? Is it really you?"
"Yes, Abigail," he said, his voice returning to a soft baritone. "The Equinox. The cure. We have to mate during the Equinox, in the sun." He struggled to say the words.
Mate? I admit the thought made me feel sick after what I had just witnessed.
He'd warned me that he didn't know what the Equinox would do to him. Well, now we knew.
Whether this was due to the approaching Equinox or some supernatural phenomena, Jakob continued the transformation toward his normal self. As his jaw retracted, his lips also lost their animal sneer, smoothing out and quickly healing to an attractive fullness. He whispered foreign phrases in my ear as he took me in his arms and embraced me. I abandoned myself to the moment, until his tender words became a slur of incomprehensible babble as he wrapped me in sacred ritual.
His knowledge became my knowledge, so that what he knew and what he felt was transferred to me. We were one consciousness, shared between two bodies.
Pale hands, no longer bony and yellow-clawed, lightly caressed my body as he drew complex patterns on my skin. I became a living altar upon which Jakob performed an ancient, mystical ceremony. My mind flooded with images of primitive men and women, mating in the cave, as Jakob and I would be doing. My very soul became the playground of beings that once roamed the world, primordial natures of day and night, black and white, good and evil. I wondered to which side Jakob's love would carry me.
As time passed, most of his cuts and lacerations healed, and his masculine beauty manifested itself once again, leaving his face pale and sweaty, but unblemished. He kissed my throat, the spot burning long after his lips had moved on.
The cave overheated, and ticklish perspiration ran down my back. Flames consumed my body from within and I feared for my soul.
When Jakob licked tiny runnels of sweat off my neck, I was seized by fear and I pounded my fists on his back, demanding he stop.
He didn't listen.
The heat of our passion rose until my body dissolved in pulsing waves of light, of love, of lust. Dizzied, I squeezed my eyes shut. In my new universe I was transformed into love, happiness.
My eyes flew open when sharp needles stabbed my neck.
My eyes focused on Jakob, licking fresh blood from his lips. My blood, which he'd taken from me without even asking.
"Trust me," he said as he bent down to suck more of my blood.
I wanted to trust him. I really did.
But as I considered his sweat-matted hair, the long fangs sunk in my neck, busy siphoning my blood, a load of questions surfaced in my mind. Who was this man? What was he doing, biting me, drinking my blood as if I meant no more to him than nourishment, like some alley rat? Would this be my fate, to die, my body discarded in the field once I'd quenched his appetites?
He finished feeding and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
Maybe Jakob had gotten carried away. Didn't they call it blood lust? I'd previously raked my nails down his back a couple of times in my amorous enthusiasm.
He murmured incoherent words and resumed drawing symbols on my body, using my own blood and his finger.
I forgot all about the burning in my neck. Transported outside of myself, I became a bystander in my own body. No mortal man could've make a woman feel this way without resorting to some magical spell. Light passed through the cells of my body and I floated along, loosed like a dust particle in a tornado. With my eyes closed it felt like there were ten of him, all touching, caressing, or kissing some part of me.
I don't know how long we stayed locked in this union. Time didn't stand still, it disappeared altogether.
The dawn's blinding rays fell directly on the two of us as we lay on the cavern floor. Only then did I understand his insistence that we had to be in this cave for the Spring Equinox. Only this one faced due east for maximum exposure to the rising sun.
He kept his eyes tightly closed against the rays as a scream, a stream of incomprehensible words issued from his mouth.
Jakob writhed in agony but I was too exhausted to do anything to help him. Eventually I collapsed, resting my face against the glistening curls of his heaving chest. Maybe I could shield him, somehow.
He settled down and seemed to lose consciousness. The sun warmed our sweat-soaked bodies as dust motes orbited us in the morning light. He had succeeded in bridging the gulf between light and darkness, and I had felt the immense power of the universe as he'd pulled me along with him. Drowsy, weak and dying, I fell asleep wrapped securely in Jakob's embrace.

* * *

I opened my eyes and realized I was immersed in the dark outdoors. Nighttime, then. I ran, naked, in an unfamiliar forest. So fast, my feet hardly touched the ground. The path snaked along beneath my racing feet, unsure of the surface, yet unable to slow down. Somehow, I managed to avoid the leafy ferns on either side of the rutted pathway from hitting me in the face.
Escape!
Only one thought echoed in my head: don't get caught!
I kept running. I sensed danger following close behind. Lightning flashed through the overhanging leaves and branches, barely giving off enough light for me to make out the winding path. Thunder boomed far above the thick canopy sheltering me from the rain.
Won't stop. Can't stop. Air whooshed by and made my eyes water. I shook my head to clear my vision, afraid that once blinded, I'd run off the trail and get caught.
No. I had to escape.
I'd been running for so long that my legs felt like lead. A frantic pulse throbbed at my temples. My heart beat painfully against my ribs. I gasped for breath.
Too late.
Too slow.
I turned around just as razor-sharp fangs sank into my neck.

* * *

I awoke with a start, swallowing the scream rising in my throat. I mistook the inky darkness for the bleak woods of my dream. Then I spied Jakob beside me and I let out a sigh. The cave. We were still in Lascaux. He stirred and lightly kissed my neck. His lips were soft and tender, full and expressive. He seemed back to normal. Everything would be all right now.
"Jakob? How are you?" I refused to acknowledge the nightmare. Those fangs, ready to rip out my throat. I knew whose they were.
"I'm very thirsty. We have to go," he rasped, pulling away from me and rising to his feet.
I stumbled when I stood up. Lights flashed in front of my eyes as if I suffered from a bad New Year's Eve hangover. Dressed in our dirty rags, we walked past the dead fire, the odor of singed wood strong in the air.
We emerged from the cave into gray twilight. A thin blood-orange line ringed the western edge of the open field. In a sky the purple color of bruised skin, a creamy full moon rose. A few sparkling stars already braved the vast darkness; pinpricks of hope for the eternal wanderers of the world.
I sighed, suddenly content.
Since traveling with Jakob, sunrises—once my favorite part of the day and my personal reward at the end of all those night shifts—had mostly been replaced by sunsets and moonrises. But I didn't mind. I could happily watch the night sky for the rest of my life, as long as Jakob shared it with me. In fact, I'd even begun to learn the names of the constellations.
Before I could point out Cassiopeia a cramp inflamed my belly. Hot tears rolled down my face, and I barely managed to keep the sour bile in my throat. I sank heavily down to the muddy ground and waited for the agony to abate.
"It will soon pass, Abigail," Jakob said, his face contorted as if he could actually feel my pain. His hand caressed my matted hair.
He was right. The torment eventually did subside, but I held my breath, dreading, waiting for another cramp to strike. Something alive and angry twisted inside me. Wetness trickled down my neck and snaked down my torso. I absentmindedly scratched at the itch, and my fingers glistened in the moonlight. It took me a moment to realize that this was my blood, and it was flowing from another one of Jakob's bites.
He stood too close, a solid mass of black shadows absorbing all the surrounding light. The cold fear that had consumed me earlier hit me like a bad dream remembered. I shivered and scrambled weakly to my feet.
Darkness hid Jakob's face. "Shall we finish your cure, Abigail?"
With those words I understood, in a way I had never let myself see before, that in order for this miraculous cure to work, I would have to die. Even though I had known this fact from the start, from the moment he'd told me about being a vampire and performing the turning to heal me. The full realization hit hard.
Jakob was proof that non-living things could exist after death and that they could even love, if I was to believe his words and actions. But what about me? If I let him kill me, would I be brought back? Would I ever love again? Or would I simply be another midnight snack for him, a blood bag as he referred to his victims, the shell of my lifeless body left to rot in this French field? I wanted to have faith in him, but no one else that he'd fed upon had ever been cured of anything except old age.
He extended his hand, bridging the small gap between us. "Trust me," he repeated, the long fangs denting his lower lip.
Trust schmust. I wasn't ready to die alone out here in the middle of nowhere. I shrieked as loud as I could.
No one came running to my rescue. Jakob just stared at me.
"Don't." I whimpered as I fell to my knees in a last ditch appeal for compassion. If anything, my pleading made him grow impatient with me.
"Don't worry," Jakob repeated in his lover's voice.
He turned on the full force of his powers, and I felt his presence in my head. Those dark eyes mesmerized me, anesthetized me, and pushed the fear away. To show that he meant me no harm, Jakob gently cradled my face in his hands as he tenderly kissed me. When the kiss deepened and our lips parted to receive each other, the tips of his fangs raked my tongue. I gasped and tried to pull away. Undeterred, he slid his mouth to the side of my neck.
The fight for life is strong—I'd seen it displayed at the hospital so often—and I writhed frantically, struggling to free myself from his tightening embrace. But his grip was sure and strong, and I was caught in his snare.
Jakob tongued the flowing blood from my freshly re-opened wound. I trembled in his arms, and tears flowed when he sucked harder, his jawbone digging painfully into my tense neck muscles.
The world spun, and lost much of its color, until the night sky exploded with bright fireworks. A profound weariness possessed my entire being, and I went limp.
In my mind, however, I laughed at my gullibility. Jakob had obviously lied to me. He'd simply read my mind and told me everything I'd wanted to hear, merely so that I would help him. Traveling. Europe. Love! Cure! But there would be no cure for me.
Then everything went black.

* * *

I awoke in a massive four-poster bed with luxurious bedding, unsure how I'd gotten there. Looking through sheer black curtains, I took in a candle-lit bedroom furnished with beautiful Victorian nightstands, a handsome vanity, and a large wardrobe that, I simply knew without knowing, contained racks of identical black Armani suits. Oil paintings in gilt frames hung along one of the walls, more than a dozen portraits of men who resembled Jakob. The clothes changed from one painting to the next, reflecting past fashions, but the face was the same handsome mug I'd stared into since we'd been together.
Jakob materialized beside me, a wolfish expression on his face. Impeccably dressed, as always. He looked as handsome as ever, and the tight skin over his cheekbones had already returned to its familiar pallor.
"Where am I?" My raspy voice sounded strange to my ears, as if simultaneously too high and too low, and it hurt to talk. I felt different, but couldn't quite say how, out of sorts, like when you've come through a long bout with the flu. My view of the world had changed, but I couldn't tell if it was because the world itself had changed, or if I had. I had seen enough strange things in that cave to make me reconsider my sanity.
"You're home," Jakob said. His concerned features softened when he took my hand. Strange. For the first time ever he felt so warm! He smiled at me, and my stomach flip-flopped.
Remembering the bleeding puncture wound in my neck, I raised my hand to the gash. Someone had bandaged it; I touched strips of gauze wrapped snugly against my throat. I should have known Jakob wouldn't let anything bad happen to me.
"How do you feel, Abigail?"
I tore myself away from his scrutiny for another glance at the room he'd called home. Home? I'd never seen this place before in my life. But it felt comfortable and familiar, like a home should feel. French windows on the other side of the room piqued my interest. I stirred, suddenly impatient to see what kind of world existed behind those heavy burgundy drapes. If I listened I thought I could hear . . . faint thub-thumps?
Before I could give the matter any more attention, pain doubled me over. "Jakob, I am so hungry." I balled the black silk sheets against my body and buried my face in their watery coolness, not caring if my tears stained the elegant fabric.
"Yes, you must be starving, my darling." Jakob spoke from the open window. He'd done one of his disappearing tricks again, fracturing my perceptions of space and time. Silver moonlight flooded the bedroom, and he looked more handsome than ever, bathed in the white light. His anemic skin glowed in contrast to the ebony of his clothes and the depthless night sky beyond. Eager to be with the man I loved, I floated out of bed with a grace I'd never had before.
I looked down at myself and marveled. Jakob had removed the dirty, tattered clothes I'd worn in the cave and he'd dressed me in a flowing black nightgown, the tight chiffon bodice tied in the front with crisscrossing scarlet ribbons. My pale décolletage nearly overflowed the lacy trim, and the flimsy cloth almost made me indecent. Heat crept up my neck at the undisguised passion smoldering in Jakob's eyes as he watched me. He looked the same yet different, more solid, as if there were more dimensions to him than I'd ever noticed before.
Needing to be closer to my lover, I moved to join him by the open French doors. I felt a tiny bump as I knocked over a vase of roses. To my surprise, I had traveled all the way across the room to Jakob's side and still had time to turn around to see the roses land on the floor.
"How can this be?"
Before Jakob could answer, the summer breeze moved the curtains. I anticipated cool night air. Instead, the falling moonlight warmed my skin just as the sun once had. We both laughed at my amazement, until another painful spasm sent me crashing to the floor. Strange. My body felt as solid as the polished oak I rested on. And even though I'd landed hard, I felt no pain.
"What happened in that cave, Jakob?"
"Nothing short of a miracle, Abigail." He reached down and easily lifted me back on my feet.
"A miracle?" My hand stroked his rugged face. The skin felt like ivory, supple yet rigid, smooth yet roughened. I marveled at the feel of every whisker my fingers brushed against.
"Yes. Your love restored me so that I could perform the cure. What we sought for so long, and what so many gave their lives for. The secret of the new moon and the transforming power of the sun's rays during the Spring Equinox. Special invocations drawn with these ancient hands on your beautiful skin."
Jakob smiled as he swept his arms wide and embraced me, kissing me passionately, as he had done in France.
Even through layers of clothing, I felt the furnace heat of his body.
"You have shed the last vestiges of your wounded self and have emerged newly born. Happy birthday." He spun me around as if we were waltzing in a grand ballroom.
I twirled and listened to a symphony of crickets, frogs, and baying wolves. The intoxicating music of the night called to me from the open window.
When I kissed him I felt more connected to him than I'd ever felt to anyone else before. It was as if our souls meshed perfectly together, as if we were two, yet one. What he thought, I thought. What I started, he finished.
Jakob danced me to a spot in front of a large mirror, and I gawked at my reflection. For immortality, I'd traded my blond tangles for a lustrous cascade that shone black as the night, dark and flowing like Jakob's. My face, framed by all that jet-black hair, appeared almost as pale as Jakob's, and my wane cheeks felt strange to my touch. My wide mouth was made up of ruby red lips.
And the fangs!
I was about to comment on my new appearance when another spasm had me clutching my stomach. "Jakob! I hunger!" The burning brought fresh tears to my eyes, tears of blood that dripped to the floor.
No more denying it. I needed to eat. Now. Everything else about this new life would have to wait.
Jakob's laugh sent a shiver down my spine as it once did, but now it burrowed to the core of my being, deep into my soul, a sharp sword piercing my body, my spirit scrambling to reassemble all the broken parts once again. He embraced me with strong arms. His hand stroked my tresses as he breathed me in like a fine after dinner wine. "Let us go hunt, my dear. I owe you so much. I couldn't have done any of it without you." We kissed with abandon.
Before I could tell him I didn't know the first thing about guns and hunting, Jakob scooped me up in his arms.
I sighed, happy to run my hands through his flowing locks. I swear, with this heightened awareness, I could have numbered every hair on his head.
Looking deeply into my eyes, he said, "This is merely our first night. You and I, my love, will be together for eternity." Then, in a moment of madness, he jumped out the window into the night.
I gripped Jakob's neck and prayed I wouldn't slip and fall. Air buffeted the nightgown against my body. I braced for the impact with the stone walkway so far below but approaching so fast.
Instead of plummeting to our deaths, we slowed our descent and then remained aloft, rising, flying high above the trees as though pulled by the moonlight itself. Groups of fluttering bats, with their high-pitched squeaks, accompanied us.
Maybe it was because I felt so alive, so safe, held securely in Jakob's arms as we flew through the night, or maybe because I had in fact died in that French cave. Whatever the reason, I felt deliriously happy.
I saw the world afresh, as if I'd had cataracts cut from my eyes. The earth spread out below us, bright and radiant in the moonlight. I watched other creatures of the night hunt and forage for food, darting beneath undergrowths for safety. They appeared as collections of sparkling lights. The brightest pulsing parts, I knew, were their tiny thumping hearts I'd heard from the bed. Seeing them only made my hunger grow. I swore I could smell their sweet blood—even from so far up.
Other than the hunger pangs I was so content, so amazingly in love that I just wanted to take his hand and fly beside Jakob.
Yes, I had died. But the leukemia also died, along with my body . . . .
And a dead man's love brought me back to the world of the living.

THE END
Other works by JT Therrien:
The Well – a sweet love story novella.
Guppy Soup – An eclectic literary collection of short stories. 
Sprainter – An inspirational, art-themed, young adult, dystopian romance novella.
The Betrothal – A contemporary/historical art-themed romance novella.

Forthcoming:
Down By Contact - A football-themed romance novella. 
Complexities – An art-themed contemporary romance novel.
Dr. Farkas II – The continuation of the Dr. Farkas paranormal romance series.

JT's fiction can be purchased from your favorite e-book distributor.
To keep up with news and new releases, please follow JT online:
https://www.amazon.com/author/jttherrien
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/275336
https://twitter.com/jttherrien
http://www.facebook.com/JTTherrienAuthor1
http://jttherrien.blogspot.ca
https://sites.google.com/site/jttherrienauthor
Please enjoy these samples from JT Therrien's previous Fine Form Press releases Guppy Soup and The Betrothal.

Summertime
(from the literary collection Guppy Soup, Fine Form Press, 2013)

Bright sunlight filtered into Eugenia's bedroom as she lay in bed dying. Her aged and decaying body shook with each labored breath. At ninety-six, this was surely her final battle with cancer. She couldn't sleep, hadn't slept in weeks: the sharp pain in her lungs too insistent to ignore. And what would happen when she couldn't feel the pain anymore?
She groaned, softly pressed her ear against the wallpaper, a field of repeating pink roses framed with a spray of white Baby's Breath. If she listened hard enough she heard Fred and Ethel Murtz, arguing about plumbing or a leaky pipe. Eugenia was unable to make out any of the details.
"Fred and Ethel," she whispered, pushing stale air through parched lips.
"What's that, Mother Adams?"
Fanny's high-pitched voice felt like an ice pick piercing Eugenia's eardrum. Eugenia groaned again. She pressed her fingers against her temples in the hopes of averting further agony. Fred and Ethel's voices faded away, dispersed by the sickening throbs in her head. Through a veil of rising nausea, Eugenia reluctantly let them go.
Even though Fanny had been married to Martin for twenty-one years of her son's fifty-four years on Earth and, as the mother-in-law, Eugenia had made the required effort to welcome the loud and selfish woman into the family, admittedly mostly in the beginning, but Eugenia had never gotten used to Fanny's grating voice. Whenever her daughter-in-law spoke Eugenia's skin would crawl, making her feel like a nervous cat coiled, ready to pounce. Upon further consideration, she had never taken much of a liking to her daughter-in-law's given name, either. Who in their right mind would name their daughter "Fanny"?
Eugenia sighed deeply, straining to lift the layer of oppressive hot air weighing her down and suffocating the life out of her. There was a time, a long, long time ago, when the hot summer weather had been much more enjoyable. Eating sweet, juicy watermelons, and swimming in the cool running waters of a shallow creek. That's what summers were all about.
"Round up my son for me, will you?" Eugenia asked Fanny without raising her head off the pillow.
Long, thin motes of dust, like wispy marble columns, swayed in the sunlight as Fanny harrumphed and left to fulfill her errand. Not one to be told what to do, that one, thought Eugenia as she chuckled to herself. Too bad. She'll have the run of the house soon enough.
Eugenia closed her heavy eyelids and waited for Martin. Slowly, tentatively at first, as if loitering at the frayed edges of consciousness for their cue, Fred and Ethel returned. The subject under discussion, a full-blown argument really, was a wedding. And a fur coat. Yelling, threats and loud tin-can laughter periodically drowned out the angry couple's voices.
Eugenia laughed.

* * *

The wind blew dust in Eugenia's eyes, making her eyes blink spasmodically. When she opened them again she found herself squinting up at a clear blue sky and a bright sun. She had been told more than once that her green Irish eyes turned a shade lighter, sparkling like emeralds, when they reflected the brilliant sunshine, and that thought always made her happy to be outdoors in the summertime.
The car she rode in, a shiny blue convertible with whitewall tires, travelled swiftly down a country road, in the process spewing pink billows of dried clay into the sky. Eugenia inhaled, enjoying the heady potpourri of fragrances conspiring, along with the colorful patchwork of wild summer flowers growing roadside, to overwhelm her.
She quickly glanced to her left, suddenly remembering, her heart skipping a beat in expectancy. Eugenia gazed at the man sitting beside her in the driver's seat, a contented smile on his face.
Zachary. Black hair, cut just like after his release from the military, following his stint with the Van Doos. Beneath the tanned skin, a square jaw and clean-shaven face that seemed to mysteriously be both rugged and tender. Zachary's callused hands, the skin hardened and cracked by hard farm work, rested comfortably on the steering wheel as he guided the '57 Meteor down the serpentine roads. Yes, her Zachary was there beside her. Of course he would be.
"Zachary," Eugenia sighed, love and devotion warming her voice.
"What are you smiling at, sweetheart? Surely it's not this old mug?" Zachary glanced at her.
Eugenia returned his smile. His gazes made her feel like a treasured prize won at the county fair. "It's just that..." Eugenia's voice became somber as she added, "I've missed you so much, Zachary." The rushing wind tossed strands of Eugenia's hair into her eyes and she was momentarily surprised at its length and color; the dark henna of her youth, grown out over her shoulders. She marveled at Zachary's crew cut, obstinately resisting the onrush of air in the convertible.
Eugenia leaned over and grasped her husband's free hand. She gave it a tender squeeze before resting her head on the leather seat and closing her eyes against the pressing wind.
The car went up and over a small rise in the road and she exclaimed, "Ooh... That tickled my tummy!" She laughed easily and slid closer beside him, feeling the warmth of his body through her dress.
A feeling of dread darkened her mood, but she ignored it when Zachary smiled, white teeth, perfectly beautiful.
"You still haven't told me where we're going." Eugenia's small voice was all but lost in the roar of the wind and the rumble of the car's powerful engine.
"Port," Zachary replied, keeping his eyes fixed on the road.
"Port?"
"Port Colborne. To look at the boats sailing through the canal," he added after they had driven a few more miles down the scorched road.
"The boats!" Eugenia exclaimed. She clapped her hands in jubilation. "Oh, I just love to watch those big ships squeeze through the canal. It's been such a long time since we've gone to see them!" She tugged on the sleeve of Zachary's white shirt. "Remember the last time? We spent the whole afternoon just watching those huge, grey ships float by on their way to the east coast? Or was it the west coast?"
"It was both. They go both ways, Genie." Zach laughed, his deep baritone making her blush at her forgetfulness.
They rode in silence, happy to be in each other's company, until Eugenia asked, "When are we stopping for lunch?" She glanced at the Lady Timex Zachary had given her for her twenty-second birthday a month earlier. He had it inscribed with the words: To keep track of the seconds when we're not together. "It's going on quarter to twelve and I'm getting a bit hungry. How 'bout you?"
"I could eat—"
Zachary began. The sudden expression on his face made Eugenia turn to face forward.
A black and white Holstein lumbered across the road. It stopped and blocked their path.
"Hold on!" Zachary stomped on the brake pedal, but...
"Oh, Zachary..." whispered Eugenia, feeling the familiar hot tears spill and roll down her cheeks.

* * *

"Marty? Yeah, it's me. She's awake and she's calling for you. I don't know why. No, not yet, she's fine... healthy as a horse... I told you, she's fine! Look, Marty, I'm just giving you the damn message, okay?"
Eugenia unconsciously clenched her teeth. Fanny's voice intruded upon the memory of the accident, shattering it as if it existed on flimsy celluloid.
When Fanny's whine faded, Eugenia's jaw relaxed.
"I'm telling you, Ethel, you're taking that fur coat right back to the store!" Fred yelled at his wife.
"I'll do no such thing! Why, Lucy told me that it looked—"
"Lucy! Lucy's crazy! You listen to me, Ethel. You take back the coat or you'll be going to that wedding accompanied by your screwball friend instead of me!"
"Fred! How dare you talk that way about Lucy. She's my best friend!"
Laughter, so much laughter.
Eugenia smiled, knowing that Lucy would soon be involved. Then all heck would break loose for sure.
"Look. I don't care what you do or when you get back. How long till the end of the game? All right, I'll tell her... something... I don't know what! Look... don't worry about it. You sit and finish your beer, I'll be fine!" Fanny slammed the telephone receiver so hard into its plastic cradle that the ringer dinged.
A moment later Eugenia heard Fanny's heels clicking neatly on the hallway linoleum tiles outside the bedroom. She closed her eyes, feigning sleep.
Fanny entered the room and strode directly to Eugenia's bedside, her body casting a shadow on Eugenia's face. She nudged the bed with a fleshy thigh. "Mother Adams? Mother Adams?" Eugenia tried not to gag on the cloying scent of Chanel No. 5 when Fanny towered over her.
When she coughed she opened her eyes and stared into Fanny's sun-wrinkled face, so close it seemed to draw the very breath from her lungs. Fanny's bulbous nose was in direct competition with her black-rimmed eyes for attention. Lifeless, loveless spheres, they absorbed life and discharged nothing in return. If it was true that the eyes were mirrors of the soul... Eugenia shivered at the thought of Martin staring into those eyes for the rest of his life.
Fanny smiled at her, flashing bright white dentures that were too long in the front, creating a buck-toothed grin that contrasted with her fashionable hairstyle, the bleached-blond strands tucked behind oversized ears, making her long equine face longer and even less attractive than it actually was.
"Are you cold, Mother Adams?" Without waiting for an answer, Fanny dropped another layer of sheets over Eugenia's body.
"Where's Martin?" Eugenia asked weakly, pawing ineffectively at the heavy layer to get it off her sweltering body.
Even though there wasn't anything humorous in what Eugenia had asked, Fanny laughed as she answered, "Oh, you know Marty. He's out and about. Gallivantin' like he does. I think he went to get you a few groceries. You know," she said casually, looking down at her glossy blood-red fingernails, "that's probably the reason why you had that spell. You don't eat too good, living by yourself and all, in this big old drafty house."
Eugenia inhaled deeply again, trying to draw oxygen in her lungs. She turned over, away from Fanny and her dreadful cloud of perfume.
Fanny harrumphed and walked over to the other side of the bed, blocking Eugenia's view of the old willow tree. She struck a match and lit a cigarette, blowing a puff of smoke over the bed and across the room.
Eugenia coughed lightly.
"You don't mind if I smoke, do you, Mother Adams?" Fanny inhaled deeply, releasing the smoke above Eugenia's bed. "You know," her daughter-in-law continued, "you should really think about moving into Glenwood Manor, that new residence in town. Did Marty tell you that we went over there last week to look at a room?" Fanny's pencil-thin eyebrows raised inquiringly as she waited for Eugenia's response.
Eugenia remained silent, trying not to panic as she struggled to draw a much-needed breath.
"Well, anyway, we went there. It was Marty's idea, you know. And it was just so wonderful! They have dancing on Saturday nights, and there's a big TV, and a large common room full of picture puzzles and games. And… if you moved there you wouldn't have to worry about cleaning this big old house or walking up and down those nasty stairs."
And you could lay claim to my house and move in, Eugenia considered.
Eugenia's breath sounded as raspy going in as it did coming out. She closed her eyes to mere slits, the whole world reduced to a slice of grey.
Fanny stretched her hand out. Eugenia thought she was examining her latest manicure, paid for with Marty's hard-earned money. Twelve hours a day, six days a week, the poor boy sweating in the smelting factory. Fanny turned her face toward the sunshine and closed her eyes. "God, I hate the sunshine. Look what it's doing to my skin."
Fanny left Eugenia's bedroom, sinewy strands of cigarette smoke trailing behind her like a long veil, torn into ribbons.

* * *

The cantor's lilting voice filled the church. Half the pews were occupied.
"Ave Maria..." the hymn began, the resounding organ notes raising goose bumps on Eugenia's back and arms. She wept, in part because this was her special song, but mostly because she could not express the overwhelming joy any other way. The cantor sang:
"Gratia plena, Dominus tecum,
"benedicta tu in mulieribus,
"et benedictus fructus ventris tui, Jesus,
"Sancta Maria, Mater Dei...,
Eugenia wore the elegant white-laced wedding dress that her mother had sewn and worked on for so many months prior to the wedding. It felt snug and heavy and perfect on her shoulders. She felt constrained and comforted. If love had a physical presence, she reflected, it was this dress.
Zachary stood beside her, straight-backed, debonair in his black suit and new black shoes. Eugenia had seen the grey felt hat he had bought for the reception. She examined her fiancé's face; two deep oases of bright blue amidst a tanned landscape of desert sand. A thin nose divided the two halves perfectly, the whole scene supported by his confident jaw.
Through the pale fabric of memory, Eugenia saw herself dabbing at a falling tear with the borrowed silk handkerchief clutched in her gloved hand.
Father Grady's compassionate voice asked Eugenia if she would like to become Mrs. Zachary Adams. "I do," she answered. Yes! A thousand times yes.
Eugenia almost fainted when Zachary said his own I do, so overcome with joy had she been.
And then they kissed for the first time as man and wife…
So long ago. They had been so young and so full of love. Eugenia turned over in her bed and suppressed a startled cry. She stared in wonderment at the man beside her and wondered if she was dreaming again. Zachary lay on top of the covers, his blue eyes serenely looking at her. Eugenia's heart raced, once again like that wonderful wedding day so many years ago. In her room the world got a little bit dimmer, a little bit darker, except for Zachary's intense gaze that refused to leave her face.
She was afraid and craved Zachary's reassurance.
"It's okay," he nodded. "It's almost time for you to come home, Genie."
"Oh, Zachary," mouthed Eugenia, another tear rolled down the side of her face and disappeared in the pillow case. Like all those tears shed so long ago. She blinked away the rest of the tears. "It hurts, and I'm frightened, Zachary. Please take my hand and stay with me, just for a little while?"
"Anything for you, Genie," he promised, gently squeezing her hand.

* * *

Eugenia convulsed violently, in the process tossing the covers to the floor.
"Mother Adams? Can you hear me?" Fanny's cold, bony hands shook Eugenia's shoulders.
Eugenia gasped in agony, her eyes tightly closed in a futile attempt to ignore the present, the excruciating jostling of her body that threatened to keep her alive yet one more day.
"Hey! Mother Adams? Are you okay?" Fanny asked in a voice laden with syrupy concern.
Eugenia realized the growing darkness helped her to cope better with Fanny. She would need more time if she was ever to actually love Fanny, but time now proved to be as elusive to hold on to as handfuls of water.
With the last of her strength Eugenia willed her eyes open, even though it meant having to look into her daughter-in-law's stone cold gaze one more time. She saw the look of disgust on Fanny's face but chose to ignore it. Time had become something too precious to be wasted on lost causes. Instead, Eugenia yearned to say goodbye. "Martin? Where is Martin?"
Fanny's voice took on a sharp edge and her speech slowed, as if she were addressing a small child who was hard of hearing and somewhat slow. "I told you earlier, Mother Adams. Marty went out to get you some groceries. All right? Now, why don't you take another one of these little white pills and we'll see if you can't get back to sleep."
Fanny had already tapped a morphine pill out the plastic bottle when Eugenia's world darkened, the world disappearing in a black fog. Fanny's squealing suddenly mutated into Ethel's voice.
"Eugenia? It's time now for us to be going."
"Ethel...?" whispered Eugenia.
"No, Mother Adams. There's no Ethel here. All right? Now listen to me. This is Fanny. Do you hear me, Mother Adams? It's me, Fanny!"
Eugenia felt Fanny's claws dig into her shoulders and her head rolled limply from side to side when Fanny shook her.
In a panicked voice, Fanny shouted, "Mother Adams? Do you need a doctor? Do you want me to phone Dr. Frennette?"
"Ethel?" Eugenia said. "Tell Martin that I love him very much, will you?" Eugenia mouthed the words silently, her breath feathering Fanny's cheek.
"What are you saying, Mother Adams? Mother Adams? What is it that you want me to tell Martin?"
Fanny's voice drifted away again, drowned out by the canned laughter pouring out of the black and white Philco. Fred, still warning Ethel that if she knew what was best for her she would return that fur coat. Lucy, with her hair-brained scheme, would mix everything up and Eugenia and Zachary, who were now rocking side by side in matching pine rockers, would get a big laugh out of the ensuing chaos.
"Zachary." Eugenia stretched out a hand to touch her husband's shoulder.
Zachary turned to his wife. "Yes, sweetheart?"
"It's good to see you again, Zachary. I've missed you for so long." Eugenia couldn't help dabbing at her eyes with the blue handkerchief.
"And I've missed you, too, Eugenia," he replied.
"Can we stay together, now?"
"We will be together forever, sweetheart. I promise."
Eugenia closed her eyes and sighed, combining the past and the future in a single last breath.

THE END
The Betrothal
(an art-themed contemporary-historical romance novella)
By JT Therrien

The handsome man sitting across the table from me disappeared when I closed my eyes in a swoon, my senses overwhelmed by a mouthful of silky custard. Mmm . . . . This had to be what Heaven tasted like.
"So, how do you like our anniversary celebration so far?" Benjamin reclaimed his spoon, carefully sliding the silverware out of my mouth.
I wanted to bite down, but I played nice, released the spoon, and slowly reopened my eyes. I swallowed, licked my lips to savor every drop before answering.
"Amazing! And I still can't believe we're eating at Calabash. You better pace yourself, Benjamin. There's a reason people celebrate yearly anniversaries instead of mensiversaries."
"What's that?"
"Monthly celebrations, sweetie." I gloated, finding a use for an arcane piece of knowledge gleaned during my graduate studies.
"Bah!" he grinned. "It's a risk I'm willing to take, Sarah. Especially if it means I get to see your beautiful new haircut in candlelight." He reached across the table to slide a brown tress off my shoulder.
"Thanks. I'm surprised you noticed!" I wasn't, really. Benjamin tended to notice the little things about me, which was one reason why I adored him.
He squinted, examining my hair more closely. "Did you change the color?"
"Just a bit. I ran some henna through it. You like?" I kept my tone light; At only thirty-two years of age, Benjamin had thinning hair, which made the current topic very touchy.
"Hmm . . . ." he smiled.
His thinning hair didn't bother me. We were a study in opposites, or, as my Lit-Crit professor would say: dialectical poles. Four years older than me, the love of my life carried a bit of extra weight but still maintained his excellent physical condition; he stood almost six feet tall to my five-nothing in heels; and no rug rats from previous relationships played with any skeletons in his closet. In my eyes, he was perfect. Single. Handsome. And all mine.
I reached across the table, navigating around the crystal goblets of ice water and honey-colored Chablis to give his arm an affectionate squeeze.
He shrugged muscular shoulders. "And what do you think of the crème brûlée?"
"It reminds me of you, you big lug. Hard shell, soft and gooey in the middle." I laughed.
"Hey, I run five miles every day! I am not soft and gooey anywhere, especially not in the middle." Unaware of the saucier meaning of his words, he spooned more of the creamy dessert into my mouth as I tried hard not to say anything that would ruin my scholarly boyfriend's serious mood.
"Mmm . . . . This is so good!"
He beamed. "I thought you might enjoy it. I can't believe there's anyone left on Earth who hasn't eaten this dessert."
I wiped my mouth on a swath of white linen napkin from which I could've made a whole dress. With all the wine, food, and sweet dessert, I found it too much work to make up a joke about losing my crème brûlée . . . innocence.
"Don't you want any?" I asked.
"Yes, but my blood sugar's been high all day. I'm happy with the taste I had."
I pouted and he laughed.
When Benjamin grinned he looked like Anderson Cooper, especially with those blue eyes that pierced my soul whenever they targeted me. And I was the only thing he'd been looking at tonight.
"Besides, I'm having a great time just sitting here feeding you," he added, loading another spoonful with decadent sweetness.
We enjoyed the comfortable silence as I struggled to finish the dessert by myself.
I swallowed another proffered bite, drank some wine and then asked, "So, what's next? A moonlit stroll? Cheek-to-cheek dancing at a fancy nightclub to burn away these extra calories?"
I extended my leg from beneath the tablecloth to give Benjamin a better look at toned muscles enshrouded in dark hosiery, bought for this special evening. The pump's spiked heel seemed to gather all the subdued candlelight in the restaurant and reflect it back wetly.
"Mmm . . . nice." Benjamin stroked my calf, his warm hand stopping at my knee, just before I could voice my warning.
"No, there won't be any dancing tonight," he said with finality.
"Why not? It's not that late. We still have loads of time."
"Nope. There's still one more thing I want to share with you."
Benjamin adjusted his black tie, then fiddled with the collar of his shirt. I'd have to stop him from getting any more salmon-colored shirts. They didn't do his ruddy complexion any favors. And for some reason, he tended to blush quite a bit when he was around me.
"I'm listening . . . ." I whispered, reclaiming my leg as I leaned forward, hoping to change my boyfriend's aversion to a night of dancing. I'd worn my special, lavender push-up bra just for such a situation. Plan ahead, that's my motto. With his attention divided between my eyes, my legs, and everything else in between, I helped direct Benjamin's spoon to my mouth. I took extra care in cleaning the silver utensil.
His cheeks had reddened even more by the time I finished, leaned back in the plush chair and winked.
After retrieving the spotless spoon and placing it on the table, Benjamin reached into his blazer pocket.
When he returned his hand to the table, I noticed two tickets in that bear paw of his.
A look of triumphant mischief played in his eyes as he slid the ducats toward me.
My heart almost stopped beating. My mind raced: U2 is playing at Wembley this week! I'm gonna see Bono! Live!
"Oh. My. Goodness!" My hand shook as I reached for the tickets.
Benjamin's grin widened. "I know, right? The Gallery is holding special tours tonight: Romantic Paintings Through the Ages."
The Gallery? What a joker! I flipped the tickets over so he could have his laugh, and then we could talk about U2 and Bono. I read the printing on the glossy cardstock. The event title confirmed what Benjamin had just said: Romantic Paintings Through the Ages. Today's date.
"So, working fifty hours a week in that mausoleum isn't enough for you? Can't you take one night off?" I dropped the tickets back onto the table.
His smile faltered; apparently, my disappointment showed clearly on my face. Not that I was trying to hide anything.
"Well, yes," he said, "but this isn't work. It'll be full of romantic fun, don't you think?"
Maybe fun for an art historian . . . .
Benjamin looked crestfallen, and I felt sorry for him. He tried so hard to be perfect, and he succeeded, most of the time. Other times, he acted as if he were an alien from the outer reaches of the galaxy, trying to fit in and learn our customs, and not quite getting it right. Case in point: thinking that a night at an art gallery was romantic.
I tried to think through my wine-buzz. I didn't necessarily mind the gallery tour. The place housed some of the most famous masterpieces from around the world. I'd spent plenty of hours there in the last four months of my life, looking at some beautiful—and some weird—works of art while waiting for Benjamin either to get out of meetings or to clean up some last-second business. But compared to seeing U2 live in concert . . . . Of course, Benjamin hadn't mentioned U2. I had. Okay, I conceded, I could work this unexpected side trip to the National Gallery into my own evening plans.
Benjamin looked around uneasily. He seemed to be visibly aging as the seconds ticked away. If I didn't say something soon, he would pass from thirty-two to forty to sixty before we got the check. He coughed, as if trying to dislodge the chunk of disappointment I'd cruelly jammed down his throat. "So, what do you say? Romantic Art tour?"
He looked so sweet, pleading, fidgeting uncomfortably. How could I say no and ruin our special night?
"Of course, sweetheart. Thank you for the tickets. But tell me honestly, don't you find that paintings are kinda like film images that have suddenly stopped moving?"
Benjamin grimaced theatrically as he pulled an imaginary dagger from his heart. The tension lifted. I reached over the gallery tickets, still untouched on the tablecloth, and gave his hand a squeeze.
I wiped my mouth. "Well, unless you want to order us another crème brûlée, I'm done here."
He looked astonished. "You'd really eat another one? Where would you put it?"
"Benjamin!" I laughed.

* * *
