Once
By MS Kaye
Copyright 2013 by MS Kaye
Smashwords edition published by Jupiter Gardens Press at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

The scanning, uploading and distribution of this book via the Internet or via any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized editions and do not participate in or encourage the electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of the author’s rights is appreciated. Permission is granted to make ONE backup copy for archival purposes.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, places, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

1CHAPTER ONE
REBECCA

From the outside all was perfect—a peppy cheerleader with straight A’s—but it was all a lie. And I was no closer to understanding how to fix it. All I knew was I couldn’t take another boring political science or government class. If I didn’t figure out what was wrong with me soon, I was going to end up dropping school altogether, and then my family would be sure to disown me.
Maybe I didn’t need any great meaning. Could I find happiness working the counter at a 7-Eleven or maybe as a waitress at a Waffle House on the interstate? At least I'd be sure to meet interesting people—people who wouldn’t expect anything other than a “Have a nice day.” Maybe I could live alone with five cats and not have to fake interest in my girlfriends’ boy troubles. Maybe having zero ambition was the cure. Well, honestly, I didn’t have much of that now—secret and idiotic ambitions, but not realistic ones.
The train to take me back to my life finally pulled up, and I stuffed my notebook back in my bag—the notebook that held all, everything and nothing. I had just the small shoulder bag and a duffle with a few clothes, so it was easy to carry everything myself. I hadn’t bothered with the trendy outfits and make-up on this little excursion to Chicago. It was freeing, but I knew I'd fall back into the same old expected habits once I returned. I was a good girl and I always did as expected—on the outside. Despite my light packing, I still caught my duffle in the doorway of the train.
“Let me help you.”
Someone took the bag from my hand, and I turned to see a man smiling at me, not the usual smile I received from men, but as if he honestly was being a gentleman. And there was something more in his face. Or was it the odd combination of the kindness in his black eyes, and the scar that ran from his eye down the side of his cheek to his ear?
I forced myself to stop looking. “Thank you.”
After climbing the few steps up into the train, I turned to take my bag.
He didn’t give it. “I don’t want you getting stuck in the hall. I may not be there to save you.”
I smirked.
His mouth strained as if he was working to stop from smiling wider. “Which compartment?”
I submitted and led the way, expecting to have to brush him off yet. I opened the door, and then turned, and he relinquished my bag without another word. My hand smoothed across his rough skin, much rougher than I was used to. The guys I knew all claimed to be tough, but most had never truly worked, never manual labor, only football practice. It was funny that football players were supposed to be such tough guys. They always seemed to be the biggest babies.
He walked back the way he had come, and…
Why was I watching him?
I went into the tiny compartment and set my bags on the seat next to me, fully intending to stare out the window at the flat Illinois countryside. Then I pulled my notebook back out. I often wrote sketches of the people I met. I felt like I had to write him down. But what was I supposed to write? I hadn’t really met him, so I decided on capturing his contrasting features.
“He had sleek dark hair that had been grown out, not as a result of wanting to change the style but simply because he’d been too busy and preoccupied to bother with the barber—and he definitely went to a barber, not a salon. Eyes black, startlingly intense but soft somehow as if he’d learned much from a hard life.”
I couldn’t decide on his ethnicity—white but mixed with...Southeast Asian? Maybe Latino? Or perhaps even Middle Eastern.
“His skin was golden from outdoor labor, not dark really, just golden. The labor also shaped his frame, solid but not ripped. He had probably never seen the inside of a gym and would think nautilus equipment ridiculous, lifting for the sake of vanity when the exertion could be used for some good. He was soft-spoken but had obviously gotten into trouble at some point. What could cause a scar like that?”
The train lurched away from the station, and I lay the book on my lap while I wondered if anything I’d written was correct.
I skipped lunch, my eyes glazed from watching the blank farmland, but at least my mind was blank as well for awhile. In the afternoon, I meandered out to the public cars to see if I could coax a snack out of one of the waiters. I found one when I entered a lounge area—a tall gangly boy, an easy target.
Flipping my hair over my shoulder, I smiled pleasantly, maybe a little dull, but it always worked. Intelligence was not a key factor to men.
“Excuse me,” I said.
He turned, and I saw it was working. Actually, I was surprised. I didn’t even have make-up on.
“Um...I fell asleep and missed lunch.” I tilted my head and smiled. “Do you think…”
“Sure,” he said brightly. “What would you like?”
“Water and fruit?”
“No problem.” He left quickly, and I dropped back to my real facial expression.
Laughing from behind me.
I turned. It was the same man from earlier, seated in the corner by the door. I was about to walk away, faking anger but really feeling humiliation and shame.
Then he spoke. “Poor boy didn’t stand a chance.”
I hid the shame with annoyance. “Do you listen to other people’s conversations often?”
“Only if they’re entertaining.”
I thought about leaving, but I really was hungry so I found a seat a few rows away on the opposite side of the aisle, where I could still see him.
The waiter returned shortly, smile hung from his ears, and I dismissed him as politely as possible. His shoulders stooped as he walked away.
My appetite disappeared. I set the plate on the seat and pulled my knees up to my chest as I resumed staring out the window.
“May I join you?”
I knew who it was without looking up. “Whatever you want.”
He took the seat across from me. “Aren’t you hungry?”
The shame had grown with his proximity. I only shook my head.
He paused and then added in the softest voice, “He’ll live, you know.”
I couldn’t pull off the dumb bubbly thing with him so I didn’t answer.
He didn’t push.
The afternoon faded, the horizon a gold backdrop outlining the trees that spotted the fields. The last bit of sun streamed through the clouds filling the train, so bright that it washed out the colors of the compartment. Everything, even the reds, turned a hazy shade of beige.
I was hyperaware of him and noticed he was now perfectly still. I glanced over to see him watching me. He met my eyes and then quickly looked down. He closed his book.
“I’m sorry.” He stood and walked away down the aisle.
Great. I’d managed to cause the discomfort of two perfectly nice men already today, and who knew what the evening might hold.
I sat a little while longer, but then the waiter came back and retrieved the plate of uneaten food. He didn’t talk but silently slunk away. I escaped back toward my compartment.
Apparently, it was my day to be a plague. I stopped as I met someone in the hall. Of course it was the man from earlier. I pressed my back to the wall in the narrow hallway to let him pass. He had to brush against me to make it by.
If I had room to stagger, I would have.
His scent was like nothing I’d experienced before, not cologne, not even scented aftershave. It was like clean linen and mahogany. The slight contact showed me I was right about his having a solid frame. I’d never felt a reaction like this. My heart pounded and everything turned warm. I’d felt attraction before, but this was more than I was equipped to handle.
“Sorry,” he murmured. Then he paused to look back.
I couldn’t move.
“You should have dinner,” he said. “You didn’t eat breakfast or lunch.”
I looked up. How did he know I hadn’t eaten breakfast?
“You didn’t move from that bench at the train station all morning,” he said.
I didn’t answer.
With a small smile and the roll of his eyes, he took my hand as if playfully dragging his best friend. I gripped automatically. He led, and I followed. I had no choice. I had to restrain myself from holding with both hands—from stopping and kissing him right there in the hall.
I pulled at my sanity. What was I thinking? Aside from my father, I never let men lead me, which always seemed to annoy them.
The man managed to find us a little table in the corner of the packed dining car. There was no chair for him to hold, but he helped me take my seat in the booth. My fingers dragged across his up-turned hand, before he slid in across from me. A few seconds of awkward silence passed—well, awkward for me. I was trying to keep my heart in its place.
“I’m Jonathan, by the way.” His voice was quieter than it was earlier. It reminded me of the hum of far-off rushing water.
“Rebecca.”
“Becca not Becky, am I right?”
“How’d you know?” I hated being called Becky.
“You’re too sweet. Never trust a girl whose name ends in Y. I’ve never known a Missy or Stacey I could trust.”
My eyes fell, and I scoffed, “Sweet,” under my breath.
“So, you can control men.” He reached across the narrow table to lift my chin. “That doesn’t make you a bad person.”
I took a breath and tried to smile.
He took his hand away. It felt as though his light touch left a visible imprint.
“So, where are you headed?” I said.
“St. Mary’s University.”
“Where’s that?”
“Baltimore,” he said. “Where do you go to school?”
“University of Virginia.”
“Isn’t this a kind of round-about way to get there?”
I sighed. “I needed time to think.”
“What’ve you decided?”
“I don’t know. I…I don’t know.”
“What do you want?”
His gentle eyes seemed to pull information out of me. I'd’ve told him anything, even the things I wouldn’t admit to anyone else. “I want to write, but…”
“But?”
“My father wants me to be a lawyer, to take over his firm someday. It’s been his dream since he first decided I was smart enough, and my mother wants it just as much. I’d be the first woman to run it.”
“But you don’t want it.” His tone wasn’t persuasive in either direction, like he was just pointing out facts.
“No, but…”
His expression was calm, patient.
“He’ll disown me,” I said. “Everything’s been planned and all expectations fall on me. It’s not only that I don’t want to, but I’m scared that I won’t be able to. You have to have passion to be good at something.”
“You feel passion for writing.”
“But I know what he’ll say—I can hear the exact tone of his voice—that I can’t make a living with it, that it’s childish and selfish, that I need to honor my family and use the intelligence they’ve given me for some good.”
“Can your pencil do good?”
I looked at my hands on the table. “I think so, or at least in the right hand it can.”
He lightly touched my fingertips with his. “You have lovely hands.” His thumb brushed the patch of thicker skin on my right middle finger. “Written word can transform.”
Finally someone who understood. He seemed to love type on a page as much as I did—his book sat on the seat next to him.
“But he can’t see that,” I said.
“And the money?”
“I don’t need all the things he thinks I do. I don’t care if I have to waitress to pay the rent.” I sighed. “But he’d be embarrassed of me. He wouldn’t say it in so many words, but I'd see it in his eyes.”
“You’re a good daughter, Becca.”
I moved to hold his hand, but he drew it back and looked over at the approaching waiter.
“What can I get you to drink?” Why did it have to be the same gangly boy? He only made eye contact with his pad of paper, and his voice was clipped.
“Wine. Whatever you have that’s red,” Jonathan answered.
“I.D.,” the waiter said, only to me. Thank goodness I just turned twenty-one.
He read the date and then set it on the table, not into my open hand, and walked away.
“When was your birthday?”
“Two weeks ago. Why did he only ask for mine?” I didn’t need to fake annoyance this time. “You can’t be more than twenty-eight.”
He raised his eyebrows. “People usually think I’m older.”
“You only seem older.” He looked perfect—more with every expression and gesture.
Jonathan opened the menu.
I opened mine as well and tried to read the words.
The waiter returned and set a bottle of wine on the table. He didn’t stay long enough to pour.
Jonathan handed me a glass, one of the water glasses, not the wine glasses. “Have you ever drunk?”
“I’m a college girl.”
His lips twitched.
My tone was defensive. “I don’t like the taste of beer.”
“You’ll like this better than stale frat house Budweiser.”
He took a sip, and I noticed another scar, on his wrist and traveling up his palm.
“It’s nothing,” he said as he set his glass down on the table.
I pulled his hand closer to trace it. I was too chicken to ask about the line drawn from his eye to ear.
“Are you all right?” I said.
“It’s not what you think.”
“What do I think?”
He kept my hand but flipped his over, concealed the scar. “It wasn’t self-inflicted.”
I didn’t let go of his hand.
He snatched my license off the table and examined. “Hm.”
The mortification hit as I realized what I looked like in comparison to the picture. Why hadn’t I at least brought eyeliner and a curling iron?
“You’re prettier when—”
I took it back and looked down to stuff my license into my pocket. “I know.” The first man I really wanted to think me pretty, and—
“When you don’t try so hard,” he finished.
I looked back up. No one had ever said anything like that to me before.
He met my eyes for a few seconds.
The waiter reappeared, a skinny white frame, as straight as a flagpole.
Jonathan drew his hand away and then waited for me to order. I picked something at random. Then Jonathan ordered, and the waiter walked away.
Jonathan sipped his wine again but used his left hand.
“Can I ask you something?” I said.
“What would you like to know?”
I almost changed my question. I never understood why it felt rude to ask about family origin. “What’s your ethnicity?”
The corners of his eyes tweaked upward for a split second as if he thought something amusing. Then his expression sobered. “I don’t know.”
How could he not know? I tried to keep the confusion off my face.
“I’ve never met my parents.” He smiled a little. “And what about you? Do those freckles mean you’re Irish?”
I had a dusting of them across the tops of my cheeks, dark blonde to match my hair. I usually covered them with powder. “I’m a mutt—Irish, Swedish, German. Just about any Caucasian bloodline leads to me, a boring white girl.”
His hand twitched as if he was fighting with himself. Then he reached to touch my face, his fingertips tracing my cheekbone over to my hairline.
I couldn’t breathe.
“Certainly not boring,” he murmured.
His fingers curled into my hair, and I thought he was going to...but then he pulled his hand away. He looked out the window for several seconds, at the fading flat countryside.
Finally, he looked back at me. “May I ask you something?” he said.
I only nodded. I was still trying to remember how to breathe.
“Who are you seeing?”
My shoulders slouched. “No one.”
His eyebrows lowered. Confused or disbelieving, or was there…was that frustration? “Why?” he said.
I couldn’t meet his eyes. “They say I’m a tease.”
His lips curved, but only a little, as if he were fighting desperately to hide his amusement. “They’re too easy to control, am I correct?”
I turned away, and of course, ended up looking right at the waiter who brought the plates. Luckily he ignored me—except when he peeked back over his shoulder.
The corners of Jonathan’s eyes turned up—at least his frustration had disappeared. “You do have a talent.”
I stared at the plate, my face tingeing from shame and anger, internal anger. “But I’m not nice.”
His voice turned soft. “Yes, you are.”
I met his eyes. He deserved the truth. “I always hurt them. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. We’ll be dating, and everything seems fine. Nice guy, smart enough, attractive. But when it gets more serious, when we’re alone one night, and I think I’ll finally do it, I…can’t.”
“You don’t want them.”
I didn’t know why I felt the need to tell him so much and attempted to deflect with teasing. “What makes you so immune?”
He laughed under his breath, not the amused kind.
“And what about you?” I fought not to show how uncomfortable I felt. “Who are you seeing?”
“Dating is frowned upon,” he said. “What do you write?”
Frowned upon? I couldn’t think of a way to ask what he meant without seeming rude, especially since he’d brushed by it so quickly. “Nothing important.”
“You seem to have found an awful lot of unimportance. You didn’t stop all morning.”
“You were watching?”
Barely loud enough to hear, he said, “Of course. You were sitting in the sunlight.” His fingers touched a few strands. “Your hair shines gold.”
Unable to stop myself, I held his hand in place—his right hand, then touched his scar with my fingertips. It was hardly noticeable if not in the light, no discoloration.
“You were young when you got this.”
“Yes.” He looked away, out to the scenery speeding by. He seemed as if he was more used to conversations being one-way, with him helping and not sharing of himself.
“How?” The scar wasn’t like the one on the side of his face but jagged as if by ripping not slicing.
“Children can be clumsy.”
“But you never were.”
He turned to me and hesitated. “No.”
“Does it hurt?”
“I’m better now.”
“No,” I said. “You’re not.” I could see it, though buried, pushed down by raw force.
He turned back to the window. He didn’t take his hand away.
“But you will be,” I said. “Eventually.” He had to be.
He looked back at me. In his eyes, there was stress but...hope? His fingers tentatively laced into my hair, and his head tilted slightly, as if he was admiring something. I didn’t understand. He didn’t look at me the same as other men. There was something to him I couldn’t read. His palm rested on my cheek as his thumb traced the blond of my skin.
His face tightened. He took his hand away and stood. “I’m sorry, Rebecca. I have to go.”
I watched him leave.
I didn’t finish the meal but made my way back to my compartment, a roomette they called it. I realized it was much later than I’d thought. The outside was solid ink. I figured out how to change the seat into a bed and lay down without bothering to change or even to remove my shoes. Staring out into the nothing, I tried to get my eyes to glaze, my mind to turn blank.
There was no use. My mind had found curiosity and something else—something more.
I had to distract myself. I placated my curiosity and pulled my phone from my bag. Hopefully, we weren’t too far out in the boonies. The signal was decent, so I clicked onto the internet, waited for it to load, and typed, “St. Mary’s University, Baltimore.” It took forever for the results to come up, and when they did, I didn’t have to click through any more than the first line. “St. Mary’s Seminary and University, Baltimore, MD.” It was a Catholic seminary.
“Dating is frowned upon,” he had said. Of course it was.
Boy can you pick ‘em, Rebecca. Finally I found someone I could truly find interesting, fascinating, and he was already taken. Well, not yet. If I remembered correctly, it took about eight years of study before eligibility to take vows. Surely he couldn’t be that far along.
I sighed. No, he was old enough.
But why was he traveling? Or was he just taking a long weekend like me?
I found a website outlining the steps to priesthood and saw that I’d been correct about the eight years and also that a man must, of course, be unmarried and that the final step was a six month deaconship. Was that where he was going? Or coming back from?
We were traveling east, toward Baltimore, returning him home.
I dropped the phone to the floor and rolled onto my side. I prayed for a blank mind. Was it a sin to be attracted to a man who served God? I definitely wasn’t a good Catholic. I wanted him and didn’t care if he had a better purpose.
The thought of being at rest unfathomable, I went to the hall to aimlessly walk the train, confident he had retreated someplace hidden, away from the poison that was me. My worries from this morning seemed ludicrous. All of it was—expectations, opinions, plans, dreams. I knew what my problem was, but wouldn’t allow myself to think the words, more selfish, idiotic dreams. How could this happen so quickly?
Mercifully, I’d brought my notebook of all desires and no consequence with me. I decided to search for a quiet place. If I couldn’t make my mind blank, maybe I could fill it with something else, something shallow and less painful, something that didn’t stab so deeply.
Toward the front of the train there was a café-style lounge. Nothing was served at this late hour, but it was still open for the passengers to sit at one of the tiny rounded banquettes. I slid across the red fake leather and opened my book, forcing myself to ignore the last page on which I’d written.
A small group of large people sat squished into the booth toward the other end of the car. They were a lively, smiling, and boisterous group, and I began my sketch, the careless, good-natured humor, the bright laughs and occasional unintentional snorts resulting from uncontrolled giggles. All in all a pleasant group, brightening the room, the red of the seats positively crimson.
But the color darkened as they left, or rather, glowed a dull gold.
His elbow on the table, hand in his hair, he poured over his book as he sat at the furthest booth. He had been hidden from view but was now the only thing I could see. I knew I should leave—leave him in peace, but I couldn’t. He was the torture I had to savor while I could.
“Hello, Jonathan.”
His head jerked up.
“May I?” I said.
He gestured for me to sit.
I took the seat across from him. “It’s late. Aren’t you tired?”
He paused, surely considering saying he was so he could escape. “No.”
“How long have you been at school?”
The pause was longer. “Eight years.”
“And six months?”
“Yes.”
“When?”
He took a breath. “Three days.”
The pain was deeper than I’d anticipated. It tightened my chest.
“I’m sorry, Rebecca,” he said.
Forcing my heart to stay in place, pinned to my ribcage by the point of a knife, I said, “You’re going to be good at it.”
His expression still stressed, he tilted his head slightly, curiously.
“You don’t preach,” I said. “You talk.”
“Thank you, Becca.”
I loved when he said my name like that.
He sighed as his eyebrows pulled together. “I knew I shouldn’t talk to you, but—” His jaw clenched. “You’re so beautiful. I wanted to see into your mind, to see what filled so many pages.”
“I’m glad you did.”
“I shouldn’t have.” His gaze fell, and he moved to close his book.
I put my hand on the page he had been reading and began pulling it toward me.
He laid his hand on mine and reached with the other, palm up. I'd have done anything he wanted and gave him my notebook, clean from the pillaging of any eyes but mine. We cautiously exchanged.
The pages under my fingers, the well-worn pages, made a gentle crinkling sound, the paper as delicate as a snake’s shed skin. Only one passage was underlined, with a deliberate and straight hand. We are to use wisdom and judgment to approve things that are excellent.
He watched me read. Then he turned his gaze to my thoughts spilled onto paper. My description of our previous compartment companions made his eyes smile. Then he turned one page back, to my portrait of him.
“Am I right?” I asked.
He looked up. “Exactly.”
“What’s the answer?”
He paused. “A switchblade.”
With my fingertips, I reached out and traced the scar across his cheek. “Did you win?”
He removed my hand and closed his eyes. “Yes.”
I slid his Book back to him. “This says we can find forgiveness.”
His eyes still closed, his jaw clenched. He bowed his head. “It also says ‘Thou shalt not kill.’”
I took his hand in both of mine, petted his rough skin, and then brought it to my lips. He had a talent for guiding invisibly, but I didn’t know how to do that.
He watched me again. His eyes were intense, like the black of the night sky, and his forehead was furrowed, as if his emotions were scattered, as if he was shocked at my reaction, as if he had been sure his answer would drive me away. But I knew him. Already, I knew him.
“You’re still a good person,” I said.
His jaw clenched. “I’ve been trying to believe that.”
“I have faith in you.”
He continued to watch me. His forehead never smoothed, as if he was fighting for strength, but his eyes softened. He slid around the booth, closer to me.
I didn’t move, not sure what to do, what was right, what he wanted.
He leaned closer.
I only watched him.
He touched his lips to my cheek, the faintest pressure. I struggled to sit still, to keep my hands in my lap, not to grab hold of him. And then his lips were gone, such brief contact that I couldn’t be sure if he had actually kissed my cheek or if I wanted his contact so much that I imagined it.
He spoke in my ear. “You must be some kind of final test.”
My heart pounded into my ribs, against the point of the blade. “Are you going to pass?”
His lips brushed against my jaw. “I don’t know.”
He trailed to my neck, his mouth softly pressing. My hand curled into his hair, the other on his shoulder, holding, clutching. His mouth found mine, barely touching. His warmth invaded my head.
“God give me strength,” he murmured.
The door slid open, and the compartment filled with laughter.
He closed his eyes. Then he slid away from me.
Every beat of my heart punctured.
With a chirpy voice, the woman from the little group of large people said, “Woops.” Her red curls bounced with mirth.
“Good night, Rebecca.” Jonathan stood and was walking away before I could fully comprehend what was going on, that he had kissed me, that he had stopped kissing me.
He slid the compartment door shut behind him.
I forced myself to look away.
His Book, it was still on the table. I placed it on top of my page of Jonathan then stood to leave. My legs felt numb. My whole body felt empty.
Her voice still chirpy, the redhead consoled, “He’ll be back. You’ve got him hooked.”
The blade in my chest twisted.
Tears rolled down my cheeks as I ran, no idea to where I was running.
I caught up to him just as he stepped into his room. He met my eyes for a second. Then he disappeared behind the door, out of sight, out of reach.
I continued forward. My vision was blurry.
The halls were empty, almost every room sleeping. In a few minutes, or maybe it was an hour, I sat in my room. His Book in my hands, I traced the indented gold letters.
I hadn’t thought much about God in so long, not since Sunday school, not since my father’s practice had overwhelmed his and all of our lives. I hadn’t been to Mass, other than Easter and Christmas, in forever. Now all I could feel was jealousy. Surely, I’d be going to Hell for thinking like this, for coveting that which was already taken. He had a higher purpose, but I couldn’t stop from wanting him, from needing him. How could one train ride change everything? Everything had shifted clearer. All the decisions I’d agonized over were made. I felt no doubt, no confusion. I knew exactly what I wanted, and once I left this train, exactly what I'd do. But I was still on the train. And so was he.
There was no escaping, and one more thing became clear. My conscience fought it, but there was no point and no stopping me. I wasn’t going to be the good girl. I was going to do what I wanted for a change. I didn’t know if he’d allow it, but I knew for an absolute fact I wouldn’t be a tease with him.
He wasn’t God’s yet. Maybe he could be mine—once.
I brushed out my hair and changed clothes. The only pretty thing I’d brought was a camisole for sleeping, and I threw on my little white cotton shorts with it. I wore nothing more. I was confident I wouldn’t meet anyone in the hall being that it was after one o’clock. Everyone else was sleeping, but I was sure he wasn’t—and hopefully wouldn’t be anytime soon.
As I glanced in the mirror, I wondered what it was he saw. I didn’t do all the things with him that I did with other men—it was impossible to be fake with him—but he seemed to think the real me was good enough. Sweet and beautiful he had said. I prayed he could feel the same after tonight.
The roll of the rails under my feet was the only sound as I made my way to him. I knocked, two almost inaudible taps. His quiet footsteps paused just on the other side of the door.
“Jonathan,” I said.
The door slid half way open to reveal his face, tender but stressed, and half his bare chest. He was built exactly as I thought, naturally well-formed, much more beautiful than men in magazines. He was real.
His voice was subdued. “Aren’t you tired?”
My hand trailed from his shoulder to his wrist. His eyes tilted and chin moved just a fraction of an inch.
“No, I’m not tired,” I said, then brushed against him as I stepped in.
“It’s late.” His chest expanded more fully.
I didn’t bother with talking or explanations—he was smart and already knew what was going on. The real question remained. Would he allow it? I knew he’d most likely turn me away, but I had to try, though the knife would be sure to plunge from my ribs through to my spine.
My hand brushed his cheek, and I lifted to my toes to meet his lips.
He didn’t push me away but didn’t kiss back either.
“We shouldn’t.” His voice barely made sound.
I continued to taste him, and his lips began to move. Then he turned his head to the side, breathing faster. My hand on his cheek, I turned his head to face me. His eyes were closed.
“Please, Jonathan.”
He looked at me. He didn’t move for what felt like forever, as if he was reading me, discerning my intentions. I did my best to hide, to stop him from seeing why I was here, the real reason I was here.
“You want it this time,” he said.
“Please.” A tear spilled down the side of my cheek.
Something changed in his expression.
He took a step closer and met my lips. His hands curved over my neck, into my hair. My heart pounded, and his warmth made the tiny room spin. I'd have fallen if he hadn’t been holding me. Then his tongue slid against mine, and I couldn’t comprehend any other sensations. I’d never really been kissed before; not like this; no comparison.
I moved his hand past my shoulder, brushing against the silk of the camisole, to my waist, and he pulled me closer, pressing. If there had been any doubt or fight left, it was now completely gone. We weren’t stopping.
I pushed him back to sit on the bed and stood in front of him. I lifted the camisole off. He didn’t meet my eyes anymore, and his hand slowly crept up my skin to curve around my breast. Eyes closed, he swallowed.
I touched his forearm to encourage. “It’s been a long time for you.”
“Many years.”
“I’ll teach you the ropes.”
He smiled, then stood, picking me up, and he lay down with me on the narrow bed. “I’ll be doing the teaching.”
For half a second I tried to think of a witty retort, but then he was kissing me.
Time passed—I wasn’t sure how long—and we spent it simply absorbing the feel of each other, his lips at my neck, then trailing down my chest, and back to my mouth, no longer tentative. His touch was perfect. The roughness of his hands as they lightly trailed made my skin tingle, made everything tingle.
He shifted, and so quickly I wasn’t sure how he did it, he removed my shorts—my last article. His hand slid slowly down my skin, but paused before...
“Are you sure you want it?” he said.
I’d forgotten how to speak.
As I sat up, knees bent to the sides, I brushed my hand along his inseam up to his button and zipper.
His breathing doubled.
Gently, I moved fabric out of the way. I’d never actually touched a man, didn’t really know what I was doing, how to make it feel good for him
He found my lips, and with an arm around my shoulders, he lay me down.
This was the moment, the furthest I’d ever gone, and perhaps one brain cell retained enough lucidity to fully understand why boys were so frustrated when I stopped them. To have to stop now would be immeasurable torture.
Hovering over me, he kissed my lips, my jaw, my neck. I barely heard as he murmured, “Things that are excellent,” and before I could put any thought toward what that meant, he slowly began.
My breath pulled in, and my back strained.
He paused to caress me with his fingertips. “Focus on the pleasure,” he said then slowly continued. The pain was almost completely dulled. It quickly disappeared altogether.
I clung to him, moved with him. I tried to understand what he liked, what made him feel the best, what made him moan from his throat.
He was perfect, gentle, giving. He seemed to know my body better than I did. Every touch and movement was better than the last, better than I'd’ve imagined.
The tracks veered and sunlight spilled into the room, washed over us.
He touched my hair and then paused to close his eyes. He was entirely still.
I brushed my fingers along his neck. “I want you to.”
He was still for a second longer, and when he began again, I couldn’t understand exactly what he did.
My head rolled back as I moaned, “Jonathan.”
His head bowed, and his body stiffened as he pressed harder to me.
I held onto him.
Our bodies both slackened, all but collapsing. He lay on his side next to me.
I turned my head and touched his face. “You’ve got to be tired now.”
His lips curved.
I moved to lie facing him so I could caress him to sleep. He watched me with those piercing eyes, but I didn’t meet them, couldn’t meet them. He would see. I focused on the beautiful gold of his skin, the shine of his hair, the curve of his chest and arms, the way he let me touch him, as if his trust was perfect.
His eyes fell lower, and he drifted away. His expression was finally peaceful. I couldn’t pull myself away for several minutes, just touching him, my first but also my once.
I put the note I’d brought with me next to his hand laying on the white sheets and carefully leaned down to kiss his cheek. The tears already flowed, but I didn’t let them touch him as I whispered in his ear, “I love you.”
I ran down the hall.
We had to be close to the next stop, wherever it was. I glanced at my watch once back in my room, just as I felt the train coming to a stop. I threw jeans on over my shorts and my jacket and zipped it all the way up. The corridor had a few people in it now. They jumped back out of my way. The doors were closing when I made it to the exit.
My feet landed on solid ground, and gravity was suddenly too much.
I couldn’t stop and fell to my hands and knees as the train—as Jonathan left. Sobs overwhelmed me, a complete disaster right there in the middle of the platform. Most people stared, and a few offered to help. But I was beyond help.


CHAPTER TWO
JONATHAN

I knew she was gone before opening my eyes, but I kept them closed for awhile, pretending—pretending she was next to me, still touching my skin. I swore I could feel her delicate fingers.
But I knew the truth and stared at the ceiling.
I’d decided everything in a split second knowing full well the likeliest of outcomes, but I'd have done it again, no matter how much this hurt. I’d changed everything for her, and now nothing made sense. The order and structure I craved had vanished, replaced by chaos.
~* * *~
As I walked through Roland Park, the main entrance imposed itself upon me, and the Sedes Sepientiae, my lovely Mary, the only woman I had truly desired to know, watched as I passed by. Several underclassmen, with whom I’d studied for many hours, greeted me, but the me they knew wasn’t present. We weren’t brothers anymore. I wasn’t the same as them anymore.
The profession, the calling, had seemed perfect for me. I’d had no inclination to have a family of my own. The only family I’d ever had was already a part of the church, and the draw, admittedly, was partially to be closer to him, to be able to understand the peace he felt in his life. I’d been able to answer all the questions in all the interviews and discussions honestly, without hesitation. My only desire was to understand fully the Text I’d immersed myself in, to understand what it was to be good, truly good.
I understood what it was to feel peace now, and my answers had changed. I didn’t fit in this life anymore. Any attempt to continue it wouldn’t be right, would take me farther away from the good. I was back at the beginning, at my childhood. I didn’t fit anywhere.
“Come in, Jonathan,” Father Thomas said as he welcomed me into his office. He sat behind his solid, ancient desk.
I almost didn’t take a chair but decided it would be rude to speak to him while standing. He held himself straight with a gentle expression. I was the exact opposite; my knees were splayed out to the sides as I leaned forward. I knew what I had to do but hated the idea of disappointing him, the closest thing to a parent I’d ever had.
He waited for me to begin.
I looked him in the eye. “I slept with a woman.”
The two seconds of silence were torture.
“From the congregation?” he said.
“Of course not.” The disgust had to be plain on my face.
His frame relaxed, and he apologized, “Yes, of course. I shouldn’t have thought.”
I turned my gaze down to my hands.
“You were so busy every time we talked,” he said, “everything from counseling to fixing the roof. When did you…”
“On the train.”
“It was only one day.”
“Yes.” How could I possibly explain? It would certainly sound ridiculous to anyone else—my whole life turned backwards from a few conversations and one night.
A minute passed.
“You’ve been an excellent student,” he said. “It was only one error in judgment.”
“It wasn’t an error.” I clutched the folded paper in my hand.
More silence, and when he spoke, it was even more gentle. “Are you sure she wasn’t... I’ve seen it happen before. Certain young women see men in your position as kind of trophies, a test of their female...prowess.”
I looked up. “No.”
He opened his mouth, surely doubting.
“She was a virgin,” I added.
“You can’t be sure.”
“I know when I’m a woman’s first.”
I realized he didn’t fully understand. He knew about sex and love and counseled young couples often, but he’d never been with a woman, never been in love.
“Are you saying you want to wait?” he said. “You need some time?”
“I don’t need any time.”
He paused. I’d never seen him look shaken.
Watching me closely, he said, “Perhaps you should go away for a few months and then maybe another deaconship.”
“No.”
I began to understand how much he cared when he continued to push. “It’s been almost nine years. One train ride is going to change everything? Everything you’ve worked for?”
I didn’t bother saying it again.
“There’s no changing your mind,” he said. It wasn’t a question.
I sighed. “There is no choice.” Part of me was angry about it. Why did she have to choose me? But, I reminded myself, it was I who spoke first. Deep down I knew what those few words would do, felt the fight in me waning. I needed to learn to shut the hell up, but that part of me still blamed her, blamed her for sitting in the sun.
I appreciated now the freedom I’d felt as a child, the freedom of being attached to no one. Before I met Father Thomas, I felt loyalty to no one. As a child it hurt, but now I almost wished to go back to the isolation. I’d been my own planet in the far reaches of the solar system. Now the sun had touched me, the distant sun. I’d felt her warmth only for it to be taken away, and now the cold intensified. I felt the cold on my face, in my expression, but the memory of warmth nestled somewhere deep, barely flickering, but there.
Father Thomas’ tone changed to one of understanding. “You decided before.”
“The moment before. I wouldn’t have slept with her if I hadn’t.”
“Where is she?”
“I don’t know.”
“But aren’t you…”
Leaning forward, I combed my fingers into my hair. “She left and asked that I not try to find her.” The paper curled in my fist. “I will honor her wishes.”
“But—”
Unable to be still any longer, I stood and moved toward the window.
“You’re yearning for a different set of vows,” he said.
I turned, and he calmly met my eyes. He always had a way of pointing out obvious truths, the truths that were blindingly certain but startled us all the same.
“She’s not mine,” I said.
“She was once.”
My gaze returned to the window. “I will honor her wishes.”
“Are you sure that’s her wish?”
I almost wanted to find a smile. “She only writes truth.” The small amount I’d seen of her writing caused me to quickly see that she knew everything, everything from controlling men to reading redheads, and that she didn’t lie, or perhaps only to herself.
“During this one day,” he said, “you spent time together. You talked together.”
I nodded once.
“You helped her.”
“I tried.”
He paused. “But she made you share as well.”
My chin tilted down and toward him. “Too much.”
He watched me, read me closely. I knew he was doing what he had always done with me, with so many. He knew the truth. He could see it in a person’s frame, not just their eyes or even their face. It had pissed me off in my teens, but today I was thankful. There was too much to be able to vocalize, to explain, especially since I couldn’t explain it all to myself.
Rationally, I knew the whole thing was ludicrous. Her effect was something I’d never thought possible. I’d never fully believed the story of Rebecca and Isaac, but now I was Isaac, an Isaac to a Rebecca who could not possibly feel the same. I had nothing to offer, not even a profession, and she wasn’t the swooning, love-sick type. Obviously, she’d felt some kind of attraction, but that wasn’t enough to warrant my rejecting her request, wasn’t enough to hurt her with the guilt she would feel at my decisions.
He stood and moved a few steps closer. Using that same voice, that voice of absolute certainty, he surmised his final judgment, his final truth. “She has had a profound effect.”
“Yes.”
“All of these years of study and reflection, none of it could do what she has done.”
I stared at the golden leaves just outside the glass.
“You’ve finally forgiven yourself.”
My fist clutched tighter. “She writes truth.”

Dear Jonathan,
My one true talent seems to be hurting men, but I pray I have not added you to my list of victims. I want you to know I did it solely because I wanted to, not some game.
I wasn’t able to pretend with you. You gave me the will to be myself, and I will always be thankful for your subtle guidance. My decisions have been made. I know exactly what I’m going to do.
God couldn’t have chosen a better man for this path. Your path is straight and clear, except for the obstacles you keep in your own way. You deserve forgiveness—from yourself most of all. You are a good man.
I will be eternally grateful to you, but please do not try to find me. You owe me nothing.
Yours Sincerely, Becca

NEVER
CHAPTER THREE
REBECCA

I wasn’t sure how I made it home. I only had blurred memories of picking myself up off the platform and figuring out where I’d landed.
It was almost dark when I walked up the front steps of my father’s brick testament to his success. I knew it wasn’t going to go smoothly, but that wasn’t the cause of the chaos in my head. The rational, analytically-driven side of me was almost excited to have finally made my decisions and was anxious to put them into action, but my heart had been punctured straight through, skewered. My mind pulled me forward, dragging my mangled heart along for the ride. Perhaps my father was right that time he told me I had a strong mind, though at the time, I hadn’t known if it was supposed to be a compliment or an exasperated comment. If I didn’t, how could I still be moving?
For some reason, I felt it necessary to knock. I saw my mother’s face peek out from behind the curtains in the front room then her smile, albeit confused.
“Rebecca,” she said as she opened the door. “Is something wrong?”
How was I supposed to answer that? “I need to talk to Daddy.” Sometimes I found it odd that my sister and I still called the man Daddy.
“Rebecca.” How did he make my name sound so different from when my mother said it? “What are you doing here? You’re going to miss your morning classes.”
It didn’t matter if I didn’t make it back for nine a.m. Political Science, but I needed to handle this as carefully as possible. Although I knew what would most likely happen. “May I talk with you both?” I dragged my mother along whether she liked it or not.
He already looked annoyed. He stepped to the side to allow us into his study. I hoped he’d sit on the small sofa, but he poised himself behind his desk, the backdrop of his certificates and most prized letters of judgment looming over me.
“I knew that trip to Chicago was a mistake,” he said. “What happened?”
“Nothing.” Nothing had happened in Chicago. My life changed somewhere in Indiana and then peaked somewhere in Pennsylvania. But now I was in Virginia.
He waited with that severe, demanding set of his chin. No wonder he was so good in court.
I made myself meet his eyes. “I’m not going to law school.”
He just looked at me as if waiting for me, willing me, to take it back.
The silence was prolonged.
Finally, my mother broke it. “You just need some time, Becky.” She always called me that as a pet name but never realized how much it irked me. “You’re just getting jitters. You’ve wanted this for so long. You can’t give up now.”
“I’ve never wanted it.”
She stopped talking, eyes wide. Maybe if I couldn’t make it as a writer, I should try acting.
More silence, and I kept eye contact with my father’s gray stare.
“What in the hell are you thinking?” he said.
I didn’t know what made him angrier, my sudden upheaval of his plans or my defiance.
“Everything has been planned, everything set into place,” he said. “What could possibly be going through your mind?”
“I’m doing what I want for a change.” My tone was even, not argumentative.
“And what of everyone else who is depending on you? Are you determined to be so selfish?”
“It’s not selfish to expect to live my own life.”
His fair skin bled puce, and he stood to turn away. My mother paused, apparently too shocked to move, but then she lay a hand on his back. I could almost feel as his muscles released.
“She just needs some time,” she murmured to him.
“I don’t need any time,” I said.
He took a breath and attempted his cool, rational persuasion. This was what usually worked best with me.
“What happened in Chicago?” he said.
“I went to think things through.”
“You were fine two days ago.”
“I made up my mind on the train.”
His voice strained with controlled frustration, and his pulse was visible in the vein at his temple. “So, what happened on the train?”
Trying to figure what to say without actually lying, I paused.
“What?” he demanded.
“What is it Becky?” my mother chimed in.
Everything happened on the train, but I wasn’t going to share any of it with them. “It all clicked into place.”
My father exhaled a growl and was quiet for a few seconds.
Then his voice burst. “That’s it,” he said. “You’re cut off. Let’s see how you make it in the real world.”
My mother stood motionless.
I’d already known this was coming but couldn’t help but to flinch as he stalked past me out of the room.
My mother stayed frozen for a second then took a few steps to hug me tightly. “It’ll be okay.” She stuttered over her pronouns. “He’ll come around.” She pulled back. “I’ve got some cash.”
“No. I’m fine.” Though I knew he was on the phone right now cutting off my card. I didn’t use it for anything necessary other than food, so I was sure I'd be fine with the cash I had until I found a job, along with a few other plans.
“But what are you going to do?”
“Go back to school. I know what I’m doing.”
She handled things more calmly but didn’t look like she understood any better than he did.


CHAPTER FOUR
JONATHAN

Father Gregory sat at his desk and motioned for me to sit across from him. “Father Thomas declined to tell me much about your circumstances.”
“I’m merely looking for a change in scenery.” Father Thomas had requested that I stay in Baltimore, but the only place that had ever felt like home was St. Mary’s. I couldn’t be there anymore, couldn’t deal with the constant reminder that I’d once had a path.
Father Gregory nodded and then glanced down at his desk, not quite concealing his raised eyebrow. Surely, he knew I was lying. I felt like a bastard, but what was I supposed to tell him?
“I want to thank you,” I said, “for trusting Father Thomas enough to give me a chance. You have my word I’ll work very hard.”
He smiled, the patient kind. “I’m sure you will.” He shuffled some papers on his desk. Then he set them down and took a breath. “I apologize in advance if I offend you, but I feel the need to ask a few questions.”
I braced myself. “Yes, sir.”
“I have no problem respecting your privacy, and it helps that you come recommended; however, I do have a responsibility to this parish.”
“I will submit myself to any drug tests you like, and you have full control over my schedule, of course—where I work and with whom I interact. I only ask that I be allowed to attend Mass.” Then I added, “I realize my physical appearance at the moment does not necessarily instill confidence, but you have my word all I wish to do is make an honest living.” During my bus trip from St. Mary’s to western Pennsylvania, I’d noticed people’s reactions to me changing. It had to be more than just my lack of a shave, something in my expression and body language, something I found myself unable to alter.
Father Gregory’s smile seemed more genuine. Then he stood. “I’ll show you to your quarters.”
I stood and followed him out into the hall.
He continued talking as we walked. “See Cheryl in the morning. She’ll go over your work duties. I believe some plumbing issues will be the first on the agenda. You can handle plumbing?”
“Yes.”
We took a set of stairs, obviously original to the church. In the basement, the walls turned to rough stone.
He stopped at a door on the left. “I hope this will be acceptable. Father Thomas said you’d prefer to live on premises if possible.”
“Thank you.”
“Well, uh, I suppose I’ll see you in the morning.”
I nodded.
He smiled a little then walked away, back up the steps.
I opened the door and walked into the room. Only one fixture on the ceiling lit the room. It was small, just like I was accustomed to. My duffle of clothes was sitting on a narrow bed, almost as narrow as the bed on the train.
Door closed, I leaned my back against the wall, and sat on the floor.
The night passed.
Morning came, and I pulled myself up and showered in the nook in the corner, closed off from the room by just a curtain. I found my way back to the church offices and received my direction from Cheryl. She provided a list of projects and a key to the maintenance closet.
I spent the rest of the day in quiet, solitary work, while trying not to think. It had been three days since my train ride. The bus trip here felt like backtracking, oddly like I could feel exactly where among the rolling hills…
After attaching a new section of pipe, I tried the water to make sure it drained properly. Then I stood and took the toolbox on to the next project.
At the end of the day, I went back to Cheryl’s office to punch out. She was standing at the file cabinet in the corner. She adjusted the elastic waistband of her full-length, polyester skirt, and then squished a file into the cabinet.
She turned to me. “How was your first day? Any problems?”
“No.”
“Were you able to get everything done?”
“Yes.”
She walked back over to her desk. “You didn’t stop for lunch. You’ve got to be hungry. You’re welcome to have dinner with my family and me.”
“No, thank you.”
She paused. Then she smiled, not wholly genuine. “Well, you’re not very verbose.” She looked up from marking my time sheet. “That means you don’t talk much.”
“Yes, ma’am.” So, that was the problem—people were taking my lack of interaction as a sign that I was stupid. “I’ll see you in the morning.” I walked out of her office and down to my room.
The next day was the same as the first, and I settled into life in the relic of a church. Most of my time passed in solitary pursuit of repairing and patching this imposingly beautiful structure. Other than the short morning discussions of what had been done and what needed to be done, my interaction with others was limited. It was a strain to speak other than the necessary, the pleases and thank yous. Admittedly, I’d never been much of a talker, not from shyness or lack of confidence—I simply had nothing to say, or perhaps it was that I had nothing to share.
My mind busied itself with matters not to be discussed. Sometimes I wished my work was more interesting so that certain things, certain people, wouldn’t invade my head, but in the end, I supposed it wouldn’t matter what I was doing. I quickly realized it was never going to change. I would never stop reading the folded notebook page and cursing her for having an affinity for pencil not ink.
I knew my decisions were right—not pleasant, but right. But I also knew few people were likely to understand. The calling is not a fickle thing. It’s not something to be given up, to simply change your mind about. In many ways I hadn’t. I still felt the pull toward the Text and toward trying to live well, to be a good man, but I now wasn’t sure how to integrate that into my life. I continued to read and, in my own way, to study, but the being a good man thing felt difficult. Not that I’d turned into some monster over night, but my patience began to erode, my tolerance of human fallibility, mine included. Often, I felt intolerably frustrated. Perhaps limbo is worse than Hell. At least in Hell you know where you’re going.
Father Thomas called every few weeks or so to talk, to check on me, to see if my position had changed. I searched for animation to thrust into my voice and for anything of interest to talk to him about, but he understood far too much to be fooled.
For the most part, people let me be. Time passed, and I continued the daily solitude of work, continued to think entirely too much. I had no direction, but at least I was busy. Busy felt necessary. I almost hated Sundays just for the fact that I couldn’t work.
But then one day someone decided to try to talk to me, more than just a passing question or request, an actual conversation. It was late in the afternoon sometime during the Christmas season—I rarely bothered about the specific date—and the church was empty but for the confessionals. My elbows on my knees as I sat on a pew, I read a passage written in tiny print in my pocket-sized Word of God, a gift from Father Thomas upon my leaving. He hadn’t asked where my other copy had gone.
“You must have it memorized. I think you read more than any of the priests,” the old woman said as she took a seat next to me.
She went on as I looked up. “I’ve heard your name is Jonathan.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“You do a good job.”
“Ma’am?” My voice was flat.
“I’ve never seen this place in such good repair.”
“Thank you.”
She paused then said, “You don’t talk much, do you?”
“Why speak if there is nothing to say?”
She smiled. “I knew I was right.”
I half wondered what she meant but didn’t care enough to ask.
“You know,” she said, “there are rumors going around.”
I’d already figured that. People tended to make up their own stories if they didn’t understand. Based on the way people looked at me, it was more than just about the way I dressed—no one else wore jeans to Mass—or my incessant need of a haircut. They made assumptions due to my silence, assumptions that my lack of speech and social interaction were due to lack of comprehension, but I’d never given a damn about what people thought of me, most people anyway, so why start now?
“Yes, ma’am,” I said.
“Do you care what they are?”
I turned back to my Book. “No.”
“So that’s what’s always in your back pocket. At first I thought it was a wallet, but…”
I laughed under my breath, the first smile I’d conjured in forever.
“What? An old woman can still look.”
My gaze down, my amusement at the dirty old woman grew. She had to be in her late seventies but still had spirit, life exuding out of her.
“I must say, all that labor does you well,” she said. “Are you seeing anyone?”
My voice flattened. “No, ma’am.”
“Right again. Phyllis is going to owe me big.”
I looked at her but couldn’t pull curiosity into my features.
“What’s her name?”
I didn’t answer.
“She did a real number on you.”
To hide my annoyance, I turned my gaze back down. What was it with me and women who knew entirely too damn much?
She was silent for a few seconds, and I was thankful she moved on.
“Why do you put up with it?” she said.
“They’re free to think what they want.”
She nodded. “You’re right. That’s what they want, to make up stories. It’s much easier and, for most, more entertaining to make things up rather than to simply ask.” She paused then added, “I must confess, I’ve done the same.” Her tone shifted to self-satisfied. “But I was right. Phyllis'll never learn to trust me. She always has to argue.”
Despite my usual disregard for peoples’ opinions, I was happy one person saw a faint glimmer of me, saw past my silence. I liked this woman. I couldn’t help it. I found myself wanting her to stay a little while longer, but I couldn’t remember how to carry a conversation.
She stood. “Will I see you tonight?”
“Ma’am?”
“At Mass.”
Apparently, I managed the confusion thing on my face.
“It’s Christmas Eve.”
I decided I should bother with the date a little more. “I’ll be here.”
“Good. It was nice to meet you, Jonathan.” She brought her scarf over her head and bundled herself as she left.
I needed to unbury my manners. I hadn’t stood when she did or even asked her name. I focused on that the rest of the day. It felt alien to have any kind of goal.

CHAPTER FIVE
REBECCA

Three days after my train ride I lost the ability to function and skipped my classes for the first time ever. I stayed in bed, locked in my dorm room.
“What’s wrong with you?” my roommate, Carly, demanded. She’d asked me that several times in the past couple days.
“I’m sick,” I said against my sheets, while hoping she'd go away.
“You never get sick.”
I didn’t answer.
She sighed. Then I heard as she opened the closet door—my closet. Usually, I let her borrow anything she wanted. We were the same size, and I had a lot more clothes than her. Had.
“I have a lunch date,” she said. “Do you mind if…”
I said nothing and braced myself.
“Did you send a bunch of stuff out for cleaning?” she asked.
I rolled over and finally looked at her. “I consigned it.”
“What?”
“I need the money. My father cut me off.”
She paused. “Your eyes are red.” She took a step closer, and I rolled back over. “Is it because of your dad? I thought you were like his favorite.”
“No.”
“Is that why you’ve been upset?”
“I’m not upset.” Then I added, “Just go to class.”
She paused. “Whatever.” She walked out and slammed the door.
I pressed my face into the sheets. This wasn’t her fault. I needed to apologize.
But that would have to wait.
I prayed for God’s forgiveness constantly that day, the third day after my train ride, the day Jonathan was to take his vows. I repeated a cycle, from cursing the day, to begging God, and inevitably back to cursing. He’d never been mine, but I couldn’t help feeling that I was losing something, that the thing I needed most was being ripped from me. My skewered heart ripped from my chest that day, torn out and offered to God by someone else’s actions.
I felt a deep impulse to go to Baltimore, to beg that my heart not be given, but I chained myself to my bed. I’d already hurt him enough and would not ask that he change his life for me, for his error.
I knew our night was a mistake for him; a mistake for him but not for me. I hoped it didn’t affect him the same, that he’d be able to do the guy thing and forget about his one last conquest. But I knew he was nothing like the typical man. Sometimes I actually hoped he was angry at me, that the anger would neutralize my poison. The thought that he might be angry at me was almost a solace. If he grew to hate me, at least he would forgive himself. But he was too gentle to know how to hate, except to hate himself. So I settled for anger at me.
I’d never seen a priest take vows and really didn’t know anything about the ceremony, so the pictures in my mind varied. Was it something done at some grand altar or simply in the office of a high member of church clergy? Knowing Catholicism’s tendency toward pomp, I guessed it was the former. But I knew what he would prefer, so the latter image dominated.
The vision of him was painfully clear, his hair cut and his clothing, not the jeans and sweater I’d seen, but a plain black suit, and by the time the black date changed, the image included a white collar.
I cried the entire night, and Carly slept somewhere else.


CHAPTER SIX
JONATHAN

I only took time off on Saturdays for one reason, to browse the shelves at the library, my obsessive weekly exercise. The tiny library was the only thing in this town besides the church that held any interest for me.
“Jonathan,” the librarian all but bellowed, “we got some more magazines in this week.”
I only nodded and kept going, headed for my usual routine.
In the periodical section, I flipped through the new magazines. I rarely read much in most of them. A few had entertaining stories and creative non-fiction, but most of them filled their pages with the oddest crap, often virtually unreadable. I only flipped through these, knowing I wouldn’t find the name I wanted to see anyway.
Then I went to the computer room. I was getting good at looking through the sites, better at sifting through crap. Many of the magazines, journals, digests, whatever they called themselves, included their published work online. I was starting to believe the word literary really meant weird and confusing, as well as pretentious, but I read through everything anyway, anything to which a new writer might submit her work. Whenever I found a publication that seemed to print in the coherent English language, my hope increased, but I still hadn’t found the work I wanted, the kind that allows the reader to see into the mind of the writer, to see the world through her eyes. But I always knew I’d be back the next week.
My last stop was the fiction section, and then with a quiet sigh, I went to the counter to check out. Sometimes I thought about not checking a book out, but I needed something to read at night when the work was done, needed a distraction.
“What’ve you got today?” the librarian asked. I didn’t answer since she was reading the title for herself.
“Melville.”
She didn’t sound surprised anymore, but I suspected she didn’t believe I read any of the books I checked out. In actuality, I’d already read most of them. The classics somehow felt easier to stomach, more of an escape than contemporary fiction.
I waited for the inevitable irksome question, and of course it came.
Her voice low and conspiratorial, she said, “Did you find her?”
Surely the nosiest person in the town, she’d noticed I always searched the internet for one specific author’s name—only her first name. I didn’t know her family name.
I controlled my irritation. “No ma’am.” Then I picked up Melville and walked away.
“Who’s he looking for?” a female voice whispered.
“Rebecca,” the librarian whispered back. “He’s been searching for months. I’ve never seen anything so romantic.”
I continued out the door into the cool autumn air. Then I rolled my eyes and sighed. If the woman didn’t learn to shut up, I was going to say something one of these days that I’d regret.
My grip tight around the book, I headed down the sidewalk. Something I did like about this town was the trees. They lined the roadways, and I enjoyed this season the most, enjoyed when the leaves littered the yards and roads. Cars passing by kicked them up into a cyclone of warm color accompanied, not by a rushing sound, but a soft scrape against the pavement.
“Excuse me,” the same female voice said.
My preoccupation paused, but not my steps. I inclined my head infinitesimally, unable to be so rude as to actually ignore someone.
“Who is she?”
Dammit. The librarian’s bastardized sense of romance was contagious.
My gaze straight ahead, I answered, “No one.”
She kept walking with me as if expecting more of an answer. She was certainly not going to get it.
“I’m Tracy.”
As I remembered a conversation about Y’s, my lips twitched before I could stop them.
“What’s your name?” she continued.
I suppressed an annoyed sigh. “Jonathan.”
“It’s nice to meet you.”
Head turned only partially toward her, I nodded.
“Where are we going?”
We? “I’m going back to work.”
“Where’s that?”
“Some distance yet.” It was a good three miles back to the church, and she was not the type to handle that kind of a walk.
She giggled. “Can you be more specific?”
I had to control the roll of my eyes as I realized the cause of her curiosity. It’d been awhile since I had to deal with this, except from a certain old woman.
My best plan of avoidance was the truth. “I’m the maintenance man at St. Vincent’s.”
Her silence brought my hope that it worked, but then she switched her questioning.
“Will you tell me something?”
I pulled from the collection of Melville’s short fiction in my hand. “I prefer not to.” Sometimes I felt just like Bartleby, mentally staring at a brick wall.
“Where’d you get that scar?”
My annoyance was enough to fully turn my head. “From a blade.”
No concern entered her face, not real concern, just tabloid interest. She touched my arm. “What happened?”
I noticed a group of young men behind us and grabbed Tracy to pull her behind me.
She stumbled. “Hey. What’re you—”
I assumed her cease of complaining meant she noticed the young men, saw their shaved heads and menacing manner of walking.
The neighborhood we were passing through was not the kind of wholesome environment in which you might find a white picket fence. Chain link was vastly more common. I’d never been bothered before, but she was a glowing target with manicured nails and heels. And I guessed her Latino heritage didn’t help.
“Whoa, what’s your issue boy?” the one on the right asked.
“May I help you with something?” I said.
His voice raised in pitch. “Just passing through.”
“Don’t let me stop you.”
The other one mumbled, “Not for him, but I might be persuaded to stop for the bitch.”
A wave of a hand quieted the boy, a wave which revealed a tattoo of an eighty eight. Dammit. Their Shaved heads were apparently not just a fashion statement.
The leader dropped the polite innocence. “What kind of fucked up half breed are you anyway?”
“I work in the sun.” I knew my eye color would give me away.
The group began to shift forward. “Just hand over Maria there. Spicks ain’t allowed in this neighborhood.”
“Perhaps that should be posted. We’re happy to leave.”
She grabbed my arm with both hands, and I pushed her as I took a step back.
A knife appeared, and I wrenched my arm free.
The one on the right held the knife in front of him in a loose, relaxed—cocky—grip. Then he lunged forward.
The book in both hands, I sidestepped and slapped Melville’s hard cover against the boy’s hand. The knife nicked a chain-link fence with a clack, and then flew into a weedy lawn.
The other two boys rushed forward, thick boots against the sidewalk.
I smacked Melville across one of their faces. The other boy landed a punch to my ribs.
I threw an elbow back across his face. His head spun sideways.
The first boy flailed a fist toward my head. I blocked with my forearm, and then backfisted him across the cheek. I took the book in both hands and smacked it flat against his nose. Blood splattered, and he fell to the sidewalk with his friends.
Tracy covered her mouth with both hands and sobbed.
I looked down at the book, at the split spine and bloody cover. I was going to have to buy a new copy.


CHAPTER SEVEN
REBECCA

“Becky?” he said as I passed him outside the library. I hadn’t even noticed the group of them.
I turned but didn’t walk back. “Hi, Brandon.”
Casually, he moved toward me. “Where’ve you been?”
“Just a lot of homework. And work.”
“Work?”
“Uh, yeah. So, what’ve you been up to? How was your party?”
“Missing you,” he said. “What’s up? You look different.” His face scrunched at the same time. Apparently, the lack-of-makeup Rebecca didn’t have the same effect on him, or his friends who were watching us.
“Where’re you going anyway?” he said as he glanced at my clothes, at my lack of tiny skirt and spankies. “Don’t you have practice today?”
“I quit cheerleading.”
“Why?”
“I just made some changes.” I used the smile that usually worked with guys, persuaded them to just go with whatever I said. “Nothing earth-shattering.”
He paused, then blurted out, “What in the hell is wrong with you?”
I dropped the smile. “What, Brandon, am I not pretty enough for you anymore?”
His face was still scrunched. “Naw, girl. It’s just, I don’t know, like you’re a different person. I heard you changed your major too. Why would you want to study English Lit?”
No wonder dating him hadn’t worked out. He had no idea who I was.
“Look, Brandon, I’m really sorry, but I—” With a sigh, I turned to walk away.
He caught up and latched an arm around my shoulders, not a strictly friendly arm. “Hey, you can talk to me.”
Right, just like when we were dating. He was a nice enough guy but more interested in playing football and showing off his cheerleader girlfriend, and I remembered, he was currently between cheerleaders.
“Thanks, but there’s really nothing wrong.” I casually slouched him off. “I’m late for class.”
“You coming to the game?” he said.
“No, I have to work.”
His face scrunched again. Did he do that so often when we were dating?
“But good luck,” I added.
I started to walk away, and then turned back. “You should invite my roommate, Carly.”
His eyebrow cocked. Good, it worked, and maybe Carly would be a little less PMSy if she finally got to be properly introduced to him. Maybe.
I was happy to finally, hopefully, get them together, but I still felt like a bad friend. I knew he’d never really been friends with me, with Rebecca, not Becky. And no one even knew Becca existed. I felt like one of those superheroes with alter egos. Becky had a cape—and a tiny skirt. Rebecca had thick-framed glasses, but Becca was the me who had gotten lost somewhere along the way. I was closer to her now. I recognized her from a distance, but she was still in the distance. Inside I felt the struggle to find her. I liked her. I wanted to be her again, more than just that once.


CHAPTER EIGHT
JONATHAN

All of a sudden everyone decided to take an interest. Everyone knew my name, and the story circulated while gaining intensity and sap with every retelling. I couldn’t hide anymore. The stares were unconcealed and unashamed, and the whispers followed me. Apparently, they had decided on heroism being a trait of mine, though intelligence remained undecided.
Once she found I was fine, Rose decided the whole thing to be amusing, especially when Tracy introduced herself one Sunday morning—apparently, she’d decided to become a member of the church—as “the woman saved by Jonathan.” Rose glanced at me, and with her innate ability to read my lack of expression, obviously understood everything. My admiration for the old woman grew to adoration when she began her habit of situating herself between Tracy and me on the pew at Mass.
It was Rose who brought to my attention the story in the paper, preparing me for even more whispers. I was horrified at the headline—the front page of course in this hick town—but took comfort in the fact that the picture did not include me, only Tracy as she produced a distressed, crinkled forehead and tears running down her cheeks. Why was it some female tears tore my soul in half and others annoyed the shit out of me? All I knew was Tracy cried a lot, and my soul never flexed.
“Latino Princess Saved from Skinheads,” Rose quoted. “The Gazette needs better writers.”
“I agree.”
“Was it at all like she said?”
Tracy had taken liberties with the term friendship in the interview, saying things like “my Jonathan” and even alluding to serious involvement sprouting from the incident.
“Not in the slightest.”
She nodded, and when her tone changed to careful, I braced myself.
“How did she learn her name?”
I looked up from the hymnal.
“She makes a face every time Father Gregory mentions the name Rebecca in the sermon.”
I took a breath and turned back to the hymnal. “The librarian.”
She paused. “She’s jealous, you know.”
I didn’t answer. It felt like admitting any kind of relationship with either of them. I had no right to one and no desire for the other.
“You should’ve seen her last Sunday. I was marking the passages, and she told me, sounding as if she knew you inside and out, ‘Jonathan isn’t going to enjoy Mass today. He doesn’t like that story, and I think Isaac was a fool. She couldn’t have been that spectacular.’”
My lip curled, and Rose continued. “Then I told her you read that book all the time and that certain women are worth the wait.”
“Thank you, Rose.”
“Any time.” She patted my forearm then, my sleeve pushed up, she felt my skin. “I must say, I do understand. If I were only a few years younger...”
She was the only person who could pull laughter out of me.
Then Tracy arrived, and my amusement dulled.
“Good morning, Johnny.” She looked at Rose in her usual spot and with a curt nod tacked on, “Rose.”
She seemed to understand each and every way to piss me off and explored each thoroughly. What happened to all my benign acceptance of human frailties? I could look the other way with everyone else, but she pushed my limits.
Rose squeezed my arm again. “Do you think they’ll continue with the story of Rebecca today?”
“I enjoyed it very much last week.” I knew it was wrong but was entertained by the reaction, Tracy twisting in her seat. At least she was quiet this morning.
But even in silence she managed to piss me off. She was rude to Rose in a sneaky, back-handed fashion throughout Mass. She used the Bible and Hymnal from directly in front of her. I used the Bible from my pocket, and we shared the Hymnal. She snatched the collection plate from her hand as if annoyed by her slight shake. She angered me so much that I felt the need to escape before I said or did something inappropriate.
“Good morning, Rose,” I said as I stood when Mass let out.
“The same place for lunch? I’ll bring Phyllis.”
Watching Rose and Phyllis was like watching an episode of Abbott and Costello and that movie Romy and Michelle all in one.
“Sure.”
She winked, and I turned before my grin appeared. I made it up the side aisle before realizing I’d left my Book, but more importantly, the folded notebook page on the pew. I walked quickly back to retrieve it. Rose stood while she talked to several people. Then she turned to pick up her scarf.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Rose said. A column hid the section in which we had been seated. I moved faster to see what was wrong.
“I’m just seeing whose it is.”
Rose was speaking to Tracy who was reading something in her lap.
“You know it’s Jonathan’s,” Rose said. “He doesn’t want people reading it.”
Becca’s note. I moved faster and managed not to roar obscenities.
I stopped to stand next to Rose with my hand out to Tracy. Rose held my other hand.
Tracy looked up but didn’t give it. “This is who you agonize over?”
“Please hand it to me.”
“She hurt you. She doesn’t deserve all this energy to be wasted on her.”
I tried to control my breathing, my anger, my rage. “Please, Tracy.”
“What if I tore it up? Then you’d be forced to move on.”
Thankfully, Rose gripped tighter and held my arm with her other hand.
“She admits she hurt you,” Tracy said. “Don’t let yourself be her victim.”
“Do you presume to know another’s mind?” I recognized my voice for the first time in a year and a half, like it had been when I spoke with her.
“Do you know her?”
“Yes.”
“Why would she leave?”
“She was trying to honor my decisions and my path, and I choose to honor her wishes.”
She just looked at me.
“You’re a good person, Tracy. Do you want to be the one to cause pain?”
I took a step and gently slid the paper from between her fingers. “Thank you.”
I folded the worn creases as I escaped back to my cell of a room in the basement. I sat on the edge of the bed and stared at the cement floor for several minutes, at the cracks weaving patterns. I tightly held the page. It felt soft in my calloused hands. I missed softness, something smooth and lovely against my hand, something that wanted my touch, that asked for it. I supposed this lovely page would have to do.
Knowing Rose may be concerned, I did meet her and Phyllis at the Italian hole of a restaurant down the street, a hovel from the outside, but it served the best homemade pasta, according to Phyllis.
“Jonathan,” Rose said. It was the first time I’d been hugged since—well, I supposed Becca’s hold had been something more than a hug, more like an all-encompassing welcoming into her being. I had to push those thoughts aside with Rose here.
She dragged me outside to allow some privacy then asked if I was all right.
The sun was out but the air was chilly, so I lifted her scarf up to drape against her ears.
“I’m fine now,” I said.
She pulled from her bag my snake skin pages, and I put Becca's letter back into its fold.
Rose watched as I placed the Book in my back pocket. She did not move toward the restaurant, didn’t even glance in that direction, only watched me.
“Ask what you wish, Rose.” I managed to keep the same tone, the same level kindness that had taken so many years to acquire.
“You said she’s honoring your path.”
It was certainly obvious I had no path anymore. I wasn’t sure how to answer.
“You don’t have to tell me,” she said.
She deserved the truth after all she’d done. “I attended seminary.”
She didn’t look surprised. “How many years?”
“Eight.”
Now she looked surprised. “You were close then.”
“Three days.”
“And Rebecca?”
“I met her on my way back from a deaconship in Chicago.”
“She must’ve made an impression.”
“I first saw her at the train station.” I took a breath and went on. “I watched her the whole morning. Her hand scribbled across page after page. She had so much to say but spoke to no one. I found myself yearning to know what the page had the privilege of seeing. She was completely pulled within herself but also somehow screaming for my complete and undistracted attention. It took all my strength not to stand behind her and read over her shoulder. I’d stopped seeing women before entering school, but it had never been so difficult to keep my thoughts clean. I argued with myself for hours. What harm could come from talking to her? But deep down I knew. She was not someone I could walk away from unaffected.”
“But you did talk to her.”
I smiled a little. “She caught her bag in the doorway.”
She nodded. “What happened on the train?”
“A series of conversations. She understood everything. I wasn’t used to that. I could deal with any subject, but counseling is one-sided. She saw everything about me, pulled back my layers to the raw, and showed true compassion. I didn’t...”
She lightly touched my arm. “What else happened?”
I turned to stare down the busy street. No cars filled my vision, just moving objects, colors, and light. Sometimes I liked seeing things like this—not in any real terms, nothing that needed to be dealt with, contemplated.
“She asked that I make love to her.” I turned back to Rose. “I fought, I did, but then I saw how much she wanted it. She all but begged with tears in her eyes. She didn’t use seduction, but simply said ‘please.’ I realized it was pointless to try to refuse. She’d already altered my path, claimed me as her own in the course of one day. I couldn’t give my life to God if it wasn’t mine anymore, so I gave her the only thing I had left to give.”
“But it hurt you to give it.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
“She was gone when you woke?”
“I knew she would be.”
“Why don’t you go to her?”
“She asked that I not, and she’d feel guilt if she understood how everything changed for me—how she changed it. I won’t do that to her.”
Phyllis walked out of the restaurant, surely looking for us.
I turned away.
“Come on, Johnny,” Rose said. “You know you can’t pass up lunch with two heartthrobs like us.”
I looked back at her, expression miraculously lightened—only Rose could do that, Rose and one other woman.
I walked over and held the door for Rose.
“You really don’t like being called that, do you?” she said. “Johnny.”
“Irks the shit out of me.”
“That’s some language for a priest.”
“Good thing I’m just a maintenance man.”


CHAPTER NINE
REBECCA

“Did you do the exercise we talked about?” my creative writing teacher asked when I came to office hours, yet again.
I handed him the pages I’d agonized over and waited while he read through them. My excitement at changing my major had been short-lived. School had always been simple for me—study hard equals good grades—but I quickly found myself struggling.
He set the papers down. “Your grammar and punctuation are flawless.”
“Thank you.” I twisted the strap of my handbag around my finger until it cut off my circulation.
“Do you find you have enough time to work on these assignments?”
“Yes.” I spent every waking moment on it, scratching away with my pencil or tapping keys—between classes, at night, on the weekends, and during breaks at work. My friends stopped bothering with me, and I stopped using time on anything nonessential—no shopping, no parties, no study groups, nothing. I was still lost.
He nodded and turned back to the papers in front of him. Then he looked back up. “You’re still having the same problem.”
My posture slackened. My father’s opinions started to invade my head. I was never going to make it as a writer. It was a foolish dream. But I didn’t really care if I made it as a writer. I could wait tables for the rest of my life. I just wanted not to be atrocious and maybe someday be published. I had a vision in my mind of being able to send Jonathan my first published work, to show him what he’d helped accomplish, to make him proud. I wanted it more than life itself, my drive so strong I barely slept. But I was failing—failing him.
“This is your most painful experience?”
“Yes.” It was a lie. My last encounter with my father, that night at my parents’ house when I told him I was not going to be a lawyer was painful, but not the most painful.
“I know you’re young, Rebecca, but surely there’s more to you than this.” The papers crinkled in his hand as he waved them, as if about to toss them away.
I took a breath. “I’m trying. I swear I am.”
“I don’t doubt your effort. I doubt your honesty.”
That hurt. I fought not to show it.
“There’s no emotion here,” he said. “To be a writer, you need to be able to evoke emotion out of the reader. Unless you aspire to write instruction manuals on how to assemble furniture.”
The muscles around my eyes tightened, but I kept my head up. If I pulled my handbag strap any tighter, my finger was going to fall off.
“All right,” he said as he dropped the pages on the desk. “Let’s try something else. I want you to do only one thing, and you won’t show it to anyone, not even me. Start keeping a journal. You can make it any format, any length, but you have to write daily. You have to write everything, every thought and emotion, and no editing. Let all the crap spill out of your head.”
I nodded and stood to leave. He tossed my assignment back across the desk and added, “And you can start with whatever you didn’t tell your parents.”
I looked at him, startled. He just raised his eyebrows as if challenging me to deny it.
Work was a disaster that night, though I somehow managed to get decent tips, even from the guy whose drink I spilled. I knew my teacher was right. I was holding back, but I wasn’t sure if I could let go, if I would survive it, laying my bloody mangled heart out on paper.
Dead on my feet when I made the trek back to my room, I sat at my desk with a blank notebook and pencil. I could barely think the words let alone write them. The notebook flew across the room and was quickly followed by the pencil, and I lay my head down on the desk, cushioned by my folded arms.
I attempted simply saying the words—I’d said them once after all. I couldn’t even do that.
After thinking it through a little while longer, I decided I was pushing too hard, too much. I needed to start more simply. I retrieved the notebook and tried again. He had, among so many other things, my undying gratitude. I should be able to write that, right?
The first two words were the hardest.
Dear Jonathan,
I want to thank you for everything you’ve done. You gave me guidance when I most needed it but always let the decisions be mine. You trusted me with your past, with your pain, and I wish I could have eased that pain in some way. You gave of yourself against your better judgment, just because I asked it.
I hope those around you see all of your gifts.
Yours Sincerely, Becca

I collapsed back down on the desk, more exhausted than after five hours of waiting tables. It felt right, felt like what I needed to do.
As I continued the exercise, I was never without the notebook. I started to think I should invest in Pentel .5 lead. It changed from painful to write his name to a release, and I wrote more and more. I told him about my days, about work, about how much I annoyed my so called friends. I wrote about the funny, ludicrous stuff he would appreciate and find just as amusing, the eccentricities of the people around me as well as my own. And then I got even braver and explained in detail everything I’d enjoyed about our day and night together. I had to take a cold shower after that one.
I didn’t allow myself to think of his title. He was simply Jonathan, no different from the Jonathan on the train, the best friend I’d ever had, the only person with whom I could share anything, and that’s what I did, share anything, everything.
My teachers started commenting more on style than emotional content, and my grades improved. He’d again guided me subtly, but I knew there was more I needed to write, a fact I needed to fully embrace. I sat down one Saturday afternoon to do it and almost started laughing. I was going to write a love letter to a priest.
How to start it? “Dear Jonathan” wasn’t enough, and “My Dearest Jonathan” was too sappy and overdramatic. I settled on half way in between, staking claim on the part of him that was just a man, the part he had shared with me, the part no one else would ever again have the privilege of seeing. He was my first, but I was his last. I felt a certain pride in that.
My Jonathan,
I wish I could tell you how I feel, about how you changed everything. You made me see the truths in my own head and gave me the strength to be me, not just what everyone expects. You continue to be my strength. Sometimes I feel like I’m living for you, like you’re my reason for pushing through every day. I know my connection to you will never be based on anything other than memories, but I will forever hold onto those memories. You will forever be my first—

A sudden realization hit me. I paused before continuing to write.
—and forever be my only. I love you, and I will never be able to love anyone but you. I cannot and refuse to let go. You will never be mine, but I will always be yours.
Yours, Becca

I was crying of course, but the tears were at least partially caused by relief, relief at finally admitting the full truth to myself. He wasn’t just my first love. He was my forever. I was never going to let go.
In a matter of a few months, my academics flipped back to right side up. I was excelling, even more than I ever had. I now felt passion for what I did, and it showed in my writing. It was still painful much of the time, but writing to him was also the loosening of the pressure valve in my head.
I’d managed to stay on the Dean’s list in that winter term, and I continued my path in the spring, summer, and fall. I wasn’t sure if I was necessarily happy, but I had a clear understanding of what I wanted. Even if I couldn’t have all of it, I knew where I was headed.
But where I was headed today was the library. I wanted to look up a few things before work, so I ran, passing Carly on the way, who looked at me like I’d lost my mind. She looked at me like that a lot.
Both freezing and warm when I arrived, I removed my coat but kept my scarf on and then hurried to the periodical room, which was almost empty on this January weekend. One of my favorite exercises had always been looking at the pictures in newspapers. They were so real, not staged or posed. I never read the articles but sketched the people and made up my own stories, trying to understand the person by how they held themselves, how they smiled or cried, how they interacted with the people around them. Did they lean in or away? Did they make eye contact? Did they stand straight or with a knee bent and their hands in their pockets?
Today I decided to browse the internet for something other than the local papers, hoping to find unique mannerisms uncommon to my little nook of society. I typed randomly “Pennsylvania newspapers” and clicked through a few sites until I found an interesting picture under an even more interesting headline. She was pretty with dark hair, painfully styled—it had to have taken a good hour to do it—and dark eyes accentuated by a well-practiced hand, though maybe a bit weighted, but it was her expression that caught me. At first glance it made perfect sense with the headline, disconcerted and fearful as she remembered whatever specific event she was telling, but as I studied I found that she matched the ridiculousness of the headline rather than the intended tenor of dramatics. Her forehead furrowed a little too much, and did I look like that when I cried? No wonder men were often annoyed by female tears.
“You’re in my British Lit class aren’t you?”
I pulled my eyes from the screen. The only other person in the room had come over to talk.
“Um, yes.” He sat a few rows behind me and had always seemed nice enough.
“So...what are you looking up?”
I closed the screen. “Nothing important.”
He paused.
In an attempt not to further confirm the most current opinions of me—from what I’d gathered, somewhere between a prude and a bitch—I lent him a life preserver. “Are you done with your paper on Villette?”
His head popped out from under the water. “Not yet. I wasn’t sure what to make of the end.”
“She moved forward, even with a broken heart.”
“I don’t know. It just doesn’t set right, like there should be more.” He grinned. “Or am I just being a romantic?”
“Life isn’t always happy.”
“But it’s a story. I like happy endings; more fulfilling.”
“Art reflects life.” I suppressed a sigh. “We learn from the sad stuff too.”
I let him climb the shore by moving to something easier, for both of us. “Are you going to that party tonight?” Then I realized what that sounded like and stifled a cringe. I was out of practice dealing with men, at least the ones to whom I didn’t serve steak and baked potatoes.
His grin broadened.
Crap.
“I was thinking about it. You going?”
How not to hurt his feelings? Nope, had nothing. “I have to work.”
“Oh.”
I had one more orange vest and too much guilt. “You’re part of a study group right?” I’d wanted to get more opinions of my work than just my teachers anyway.
“Yeah, you should join us sometime. We meet on the third floor every Wednesday at six.”
“Sure.”
I left while his head was unsubmerged.

CHAPTER TEN
JONATHAN

I sat on the pew next to Rose and looked at her questioningly. She inclined her head to indicate the section across the aisle. Tracy had decided to sit elsewhere this morning. Part of me was relieved, but the better part felt bad for having caused her—her what? Embarrassment? Anger? Blow to her ego?
“She’s just jealous. There’s nothing you can do,” Rose said.
I knew she was right but couldn’t help but to feel like a bastard. I didn’t know Tracy very well, but she seemed like a decent enough person, incredibly nerve-grating, but not bad. It wasn’t her fault she could never hope to compete, nor would she ever understand. I didn’t really get from where the attachment came, but she seemed to be having difficulty with it. I sympathized but had no idea how to help. Initially, I’d thought it was just a bit of a crush strengthened by overly romanticized circumstances, but crushes were supposed to fade, especially when the circumstances fade. The article was about forgotten, and new gossip had taken its place.
Apparently, the gossip continued to center on me.
I’d just wished Rose a nice day and began toward the back stairs when the woman who sat behind us, her hand being tugged by a sticky child, asked Rose, “Problem in paradise? What did he do?”
“He didn’t do anything,” Rose said, “and he has never been interested.”
“Well then he should be more careful with a young girl’s heart. Someone like him isn’t going to get a chance like that again.”
“And what may I ask do you mean by ‘someone like him?’”
“Oh come on, Rose, you know what I mean.”
“I’m afraid I don’t.”
I wished I could ask Rose not to defend me, not to allow herself to get upset. There were only three people whose opinion mattered, and two out of three wasn’t bad. I was thankful just to have that.
I made it to the stairwell.
An exclamation of concern.
I walked back toward the congregation.
“Rose, are you okay?” someone said.
Another voice said, “I don’t know. She just fell.”
I sprinted the last few yards.
She lay on the floor, unconscious, while a woman, whom I knew to be a nurse, knelt next to her.
“I think it’s her heart,” she said.
“I’m calling an ambulance,” someone offered.
“I can drive there faster,” she said, and before she could ask, I pushed through the crowd to gently pick Rose up.
“Where’s your car?” I said.
“Keep her as motionless as possible.”
I nodded and waited for her to lead.
Down the side aisle and out to the parking lot next to the building, I followed. She unlocked her car, and I sat in the back seat, Rose still in my arms.
The car door slammed shut, and I looked down to see for the first time a feeble old woman, that vibrancy hidden within the folds of her lined features. Her age had never struck me like this, nor her physical delicacy. I knew her mind and will to be strong, but what about physically? Did she have any ailments?
She didn’t move the whole trip—should it take that long to drive a few blocks?—but she continued to inhale shallow breaths. Watching her closely, I prayed. He couldn’t take her, not yet. She was the only mother I’d ever known.
Her frame still limp as we walked into the emergency room, I ignored the gurney offered and followed the doctor down the hall.
“Does this mean you’ve changed your mind about the age thing?”
I looked down to see Rose’s eyes open. Her voice was soft with weakness. Okay, so a mother with an Oedipus complex.
“Anything you want Rose,” I said.
Her lines refolded into a smile, though nothing else moved.
I lay her on a bed and was then shooed away to stare at waiting room walls. Several members of the congregation had followed, but no one was allowed in with her, not even Phyllis who for once had lost that playfully sarcastic edge. She sat quietly by the door, and I sat next to her.
Time vehemently refused to pass. I only sat for the sole purpose of Phyllis, though we didn’t talk other than my telling her that Rose had woken. That seemed to help her infinitesimally. I wanted to ask if Rose had ever had any problems with her heart or anything else before, but I couldn’t handle an affirmative answer at the moment so thought it better to remain silent—silent while I willed the door to open.
Finally, a nurse called Phyllis in to see her. Apparently, Rose had no family locally but had requested Phyllis.
I remembered how to breathe normally. She was at least awake and lucid. Needing to be on my feet, I went to the window as soon as she left.
A hand brushed down my arm.
Tracy’s fingers began to lace into mine. “It’s okay, Johnny. She’ll be fine.” I hadn’t paid attention to who had joined us in the waiting room, and honestly didn’t care. In that particular moment, everything about her grated, a nail file on the raw, everything from her pet name to her fake concern for my tiny wrinkled ocean of calm.
I managed to stop my lip from curling at her touch. “Please, Tracy, not today.” The stress altered my tone. Frustration serrated the edge.
She walked away without a word.
I didn’t have the capacity to feel like a bastard.
Forever passed. Then a nurse came to the door.
“Jonathan.”
I turned. “Yes, ma’am.”
“She’s asking for you.”
Down the hall a curtain swooshed back to reveal Rose, her lines accentuated by horrid lighting. At least the lines curved upward.
“Jonathan.” Her voice was mostly bright as usual. She covered weakness well.
I sat in the chair next to her bed. “How are you?”
“Just a little episode. I’m fine now.”
I was about to push, but she cut me off by jabbering on. I didn’t ask any more that day but did watch closely. I caught Phyllis a few days later, and she said Rose had some kind of heart condition for years but that it rarely bothered her. I allowed myself to be placated—somewhat.


CHAPTER ELEVEN
REBECCA

“Hey hun, can we get the check?”
Ugh. One of the other waitresses quit in the middle of a shift, and guess who received the honor of covering double the tables? I consoled myself with the fact that the manager trusted me to be able to handle it and also that I should get double the tips, if I could keep up.
“Miss, can we order now?”
Yeah, not so much with the keeping up thing, and of course I was late for my first time with the study group, the last one before spring break. It didn’t matter to me that it was spring break—I would still be asking “well, medium, or rare?”—but the others were all going somewhere from what I understood so would not be meeting next week.
I ran to the library—I did that a lot anymore, but at least I stayed in pretty good shape, even with dropping cheerleading—and my clothes were surely more aromatic than I would’ve preferred, a combination of Budweiser and beef. It might actually prove useful though. The guy from British Lit, Tim, had continued to try to build a real conversation. I was just about out of life preservers.
Literally skidding to a stop due to the sawdust on my shoes, I almost ran into the table at which they all sat.
“Sorry,” I said then quickly found the last chair, the one next to Tim. Hopefully, he was a Miller or Sam Adams drinker.
He took a breath as I sat.
Yes, it was working.
“It’s not often a lovely view is also appetizing.”
Crap. He really needed to work on his pickup lines.
I had no response to that, so I addressed the group. “What are you working on today?”
Tim answered. “Um, we were going to trade pages. You didn’t bring any, did you?”
I only had Jonathan’s letters, and that wasn’t an option. “No. I came straight from work.”
“Couldn’t tell,” the girl across from me said.
At first I thought she was being snide. Then I noticed her grin and the plain but bright red shirt and khakis.
“Attention Target shoppers,” I said, “or is that Walmart?”
“Kmart.”
“Right. I can’t always keep them straight.” I’d jumped from shopping at trendy malls to not shopping period.
“Neither can I.” Then she added “Lonestar or Longhorn?”
“Um...”
She laughed.
I ended up jotting down about a page and a half of my people observations. I’d met some interesting people at work and wanted to sketch them anyway. Everyone seemed to enjoy my description of my manager and his wife whom I met tonight. They reminded me of a certain couple from The Muppets. He wasn’t green but was kind of springy, and their voices matched their counterparts perfectly—so not kidding.
“So, which Muppet am I?” Tim asked as the group dispersed. How was it he could write so well but couldn’t string sentences verbally?
I wasn’t sure what he was hoping for—was there a cool Muppet?—so I just answered with, “I don’t think you’re made of felt.”
His grin turned devilish, devilishly sweet. “No, I’m not made of that.”
I almost literally jumped back when he reached to touch my cheek with the backs of his fingers. I didn’t really know why, but my eyes filled with tears.
Turned away, I wiped them, and suddenly Jonathan was there in my mind, his image so vibrant, the image of him touching me like that. Guilt saturated my brain as if I was being unfaithful in some way. I couldn’t stop the tears from continuing.
“Rebecca?”
How was I supposed to explain this?
“I’m sorry—” he began
“It’s not your fault.”
“Is something wrong?”
Yes.
I took a breath. “I’m sorry. It’s just...” My gaze on the floor, my voice barely made sound. “I’m in love with someone else.”
Silence.
“Oh,” he said, “I didn’t know you were seeing anyone.”
“I’m not.”
I knew he didn’t understand. Of course he didn’t. How could he?
I took a few breaths to bring my voice back to normal. I kept my gaze away from him. “I’m really sorry, Tim.” After taking a few steps, I paused. “Have a nice spring break.”
My decision to take the stairs and not the elevator was in an effort to hide, to hide from Tim, and to hide my tears. There was no place I could allow myself to break down. It annoyed Carly when I cried in our room, and the rest of the time I was either in class or at work, other than the hours I spent at the library. So, this place had become kind of a haven—quiet, lots of books, and hidden corners where someone could sit undisturbed and study or cry silently.
Sitting on a step half way between the second and third floors, I leaned my head and shoulder against the cold railing, straining to keep quiet and to listen for anyone’s approach.
I needed to find a way to calm myself, or to pretend better, so I pulled out my notebook which was already half full, full of the same thing and always included one specific fact.
Dear Jonathan,
I love you. Why does it get stronger every time I admit it? That can’t possibly be fair. I don’t quite understand what it is you did to me, but it becomes increasingly clearer every day that I will never be able to move past you, no matter how old I grow to be. I try to convince myself that you can’t be like I remember or that you will have changed, no longer just a man, a man of God, but I can never believe it. Every time I read that first sketch of you I confirm my own feelings. And then I remember our night, and I fall deeper. I have you memorized, have from the first moment, with perfect clarity. I know your smile, especially when you think I’m being funny; your soft voice; how the kindness in your eyes mixed with passion as you made love to me; those few minutes of peace in your features while you slept. Then I had to leave, had to leave you to your peace and not spread my poison further into your veins. You, however, have left your mark, have left a part of yourself with me, and it has taken seed, creeping into every crevice, taking me over. I may be poison, but you’re a virus, the kind that tingles pleasantly at the twisting of a knife, the kind that lingers in your system and then suddenly takes hold, presiding over complete control.

The door to the third floor clanged open, and I hurried down the stairs holding my notebook in one hand and wiping my eyes with the other. I took a roundabout path and meandered slowly toward my room to make sure the redness dispersed from my eyes so as to not annoy Carly any more than necessary.
Okay, so I was better, but I still pretended, still couldn’t quite be myself. I had only managed that once.


CHAPTER TWELVE
JONATHAN

The only pleasant result from Rose’s “episode” was that her daughter came to visit in order to care for her for a few weeks, and being spring break, she was able to bring her son, Rose’s only grandchild. Rose was in her glory.
Amanda spent most of her time exasperated with her strong-willed mother, but I also saw she was happy to have an excuse to take time off from work to visit. >From what I came to find, it had taken some doing to get leave from both jobs. She was a good daughter, well-raised.
Rose was supposed to be on bed rest for at least a week after returning home from the hospital, but of course, she insisted on attending Sunday Mass, which I’d never known her to miss. Apparently, neither had anyone else. Everyone deluged her with greetings. Amanda had to fend them off.
I stood and slid down to make room when the three of them approached.
Rose, with a perfectly straight face and off-handed tone, introduced me. “Amanda, TJ, this is my boyfriend Jonathan.”
“Boyfriend?” Amanda said with a grin.
I took Rose’s hand to help her sit, then answered. “Yes, ma’am. I gave my word.”
“And now you’re mine,” Rose said.
“What would Daddy think?” Amanda asked.
“That I’ve continued to have excellent taste.”
“Is he as funny as Daddy?”
“Not funny exactly, but he has an even cuter rear.”
“Mama.”
I shook my head as I grinned at my Book, pleased to see her strength returning so quickly.
“It’s a sin to lie,” Rose said with a nod.
“But it’s not a sin to keep your thoughts to yourself.”
“Jonathan doesn’t mind.” She patted my arm. “Do you?”
“Anything you want, Rose,” I said.
Her expression smug, she turned back to her daughter who laughed and gave up. Wise decision. No one out-argued Rose.
“By the way, Jonathan, I’m Amanda.” She reached across Rose to shake hands. “And this is my son TJ, but I’m sure you’ve heard all about him.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
TJ was the first member of the family to attend college and was, from what I’d heard—and I’d heard a substantial amount—doing very well.
He greeted me politely but didn’t speak other than that. He seemed preoccupied. I figured it had to be about something other than Rose’s health since Amanda was in good spirits.
“So, TJ, any girlfriends?” Rose asked while craning around her daughter.
I saw the cause of his preoccupation smeared across his face. “Not right now.”
“You should ask my Johnny for advice. He’s a real lady killer.”
I rolled my eyes.
“Not a one-woman man?” Amanda teased.
“He’s always been faithful.” Rose mirrored her amused tone, but also squeezed my hand, just enough for me to feel and no one else to see.
TJ’s smile strained. I hoped Rose hadn’t gotten me into anything. Who in the hell was I to give advice? My teen years were not spent building relationships, and then I spent nine years being celibate. The only real relationship I ever had lasted a whole one day. So, all summed up, I went from bastard, to void of female contact, to pathetic, and now I was some half-assed combination of pathetic and bastard. Great role model.
As the last few families situated their children, some screaming, some giggling, Rose asked quietly, “What’s wrong with Tracy?”
She sat where she’d been sitting, across the aisle, but appeared to be vehemently ignoring our direction, okay, my direction, and she looked to be on the verge of tears, a fact that strengthened my feelings of bastardization and yet also annoyed. How was it she was able to piss me off and make me feel like an asshole at the same time?
“I was not as polite as I should have been at the hospital,” I said.
As I glanced over, the woman sitting next to Tracy shot me a dirty look. Great. Why was celibacy so difficult all of a sudden? Other than the obvious, of course.
“She’ll get over it,” Rose said.
“Soon, I hope.”
Luckily, Tracy left quickly after Mass.
Rose insisted on going to lunch, and Amanda attempted to argue but lost miserably. Amanda helped Rose over to Phyllis to invite her along while I went ahead to get a couple of tables at our hovel. I made it down the church steps when TJ caught up with me. At first he was quiet, and I thought maybe I was safe.
“What’s up with that Latin chick?” he said.
My steps didn’t pause. “She has developed an attachment.”
He pushed on when I didn’t offer any more. “What did you do?”
“Nothing.”
“Right,” he scoffed. “Come on, man.”
“She seems to think I should offer her more attention than I’m capable of.”
He brooded for a few seconds. “But what did you do?”
I wasn’t really sure so didn’t answer.
“You don’t talk much, do you?”
We waited a few seconds for the cars to pass so we could cross the street. “That’s what your grandmother says,” I said.
“So, why does she like you so much?”
“No idea.”
He sighed.
I didn’t want to be responsible for upsetting TJ more than he already was, mostly so Rose wouldn’t have to deal with more stress. “Who is she?” I asked as we headed for the next block.
A crease appeared between his eyes as if he was confused, as if he was playing confused.
“The girl whose attention you’re trying to get,” I added.
We walked a few more feet before he said, “She’s in one of my classes.”
“Are you friends?”
“I think so. I mean, she’s nice.” He sighed. “But she’s nice to everyone.”
“Is that bad?”
“I like that she’s sweet, but…”
“You can’t decipher why she’s nice.”
“I’m always trying to start a conversation, and it feels like she offers just enough not to hurt my feelings.” His eyebrows rose as he looked at me. “I figure at least she cares that much.”
“What do you talk to her about?”
“Anything, usually school stuff.”
“What does she like? Hobbies, interests?”
“I don’t know. She only ever seems to go to work, school, and the library.”
“Do you have any common friends, someone who could tell you what she’s into?”
“She’s kind of friends with everyone but no one, you know what I mean?”
“She’s not close with anyone.” He was into enigmas. What was I supposed to tell him?
He went on more tentatively. “How you gonna get that Latin chick to lose interest?”
So, that was the problem. “This girl has a boyfriend,” I said.
He wasn’t good at playing dumb. I just looked at him.
“She says she doesn’t, but—”
We were approaching the restaurant, and the weather being temperate, the door was propped open. “Jonathan,” the hostess greeted, “Rose and Phyllis coming?”
My time as Doctor Ruth expired.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN
REBECCA

The night before my sister’s wedding, I stayed at her tiny apartment, which was filled with packed boxes stacked along every wall, only the bare essentials having escaped the confines of corrugation. She apologized for my sleeping on the couch, but it was actually more comfortable than my dorm-room mattress.
“Got a boyfriend?” she asked. This seemed to be the only way she knew how to start a conversation.
I thought about lying, but I stunk at it. “No.”
She set down the ribbon she was tying. “Why don’t you date anymore?”
“There’s no one interesting at school.” In comparison. I picked up some ribbon and tried to make a bow as pretty as hers. I was impressed with her skill at making centerpieces.
She smirked. “Right.” She finished tying her bow, infinitely more beautiful than mine. “You should be having fun, not holing yourself up in your writing cave.”
“I’m at school. I’m supposed to be focused.”
She rolled her pretty blue eyes, under her long, mascaraed lashes.
She set her last centerpiece to the side, then stood and walked into her bedroom. I set my pathetic attempt down and followed her—I would be much better help with packing. She opened the suitcase on her bed and folded a skimpy nightgown into it. “You can focus on more than one thing at a time.”
I wanted to snap It’s easy for you to say—you found your life-partner, and Daddy even likes him. My father probably liked my future brother-in-law more than me right now. My father hadn’t spoken to me for a year and a half, even after I felt-out my mother to see if he’d be open to attempts on my end.
I forced a smile, determined not to let anything affect my sister’s happiness. “You didn’t show me your dress yet.” I figured the topic of the wedding would hold her undivided attention for a while.
I was right.
Eventually, she finished telling me about how she decided on the exact arrangement of her bouquet, and I realized I needed to ask her something.
“Does Daddy know I’m coming?”
Her hands paused in their attempt to carefully stuff her dress back into its garment bag. “I told him you were going to be a bridesmaid.”
“How about the rehearsal dinner?”
“I didn’t tell him but figured he’d just assume.”
“Did he seem annoyed?”
She hesitated.
“What?” I said.
“He said he wouldn’t pay for your dress. And then he assumed Richard paid for it.”
I beat back smugness. “Did you tell him?” Money was actually okay thanks to my full ride, which had not been affected by the change in major, and the fact that I didn’t buy much other than food, paper, and lead. I’d even been able to pay for my bridesmaid dress, though my sister said I didn’t need to.
“Yeah.”
“What did he say?”
“Nothing.”
“Did he not believe you?”
“I don’t know. He just walked away.”
This was going to be a real fun weekend.
I helped Evie with any last minute preparations, and then it was time to start getting ready. It was amazing how much faster I was at that, even with a bit of makeup and hair styling. I didn’t obsess over what anyone else thought about my looks any more, but I was glad I’d saved one dress from my consignment party. It was cream-colored silk, my absolute favorite.
Richard came to pick us up, and I didn’t ask any more about my father, partially to allow them their perfect happiness and also because Richard worked for my father’s firm, and respected him so much it was almost unhealthy.
When I realized which restaurant we were going to, I was even happier about my dress. It was the nicest restaurant in town, valet parking, in-house string quartet, gold-trimmed place settings, all of it. My father had gone overboard. Evie would’ve never picked this place for herself. She had a limit to her lavishness.
I played low, hanging back at the coat-check by pretending to smooth the silk of my dress, and then I slipped into the private room while Richard and Evie were being greeted. My mother delivered a hug, and a few other family members chatted with me. But I managed to stay inconspicuous otherwise. I knew the next day would not be as easy.
I spent the morning helping Evie. We went out to have her hair and nails done then came back for the circus of the careful application of her dress.
At the church as we prepared for the march, I ignored my father as best I could, straining to be happy, to look as though all was perfect, as though my father’s hatred didn’t exist, didn’t hurt so much.
Throughout the preparation, service, and pictures, he didn’t look my way once, and I changed from merely straining to an all-out internal battle to smile, chat, and be the sweet, dutiful bridesmaid. It only got harder at the reception. I tried to hide in the corners like the night before, but being that I was a member of the bridal party, that was impossible. The cameras flashed and captured painted smile after painted smile. During the father-daughter dance, I had to seek refuge, the only semi-suitable location being the ladies room. I found a chair tucked in the corner of the small, pink, cushioned lounge area designed specifically to encourage gossiping. I had enough presence of mind to grab my bag from under the head table, knowing I would need the comfort of a blank page. My greatest torture was also my greatest strength, and right then any degree of torture was worth an ounce of strength.
Dear Jonathan,
I wish I had you here. It would be bearable with you standing next to me and dancing with me when my father will not. I’ve had to unbury my substantial faking skills, but they’re not enough today. I just hope I can hold off losing it until after Evie is gone.

“Who’s Jonathan?” someone asked from behind me.
I twisted to see the dance was over. Evie was peering over my shoulder.
I closed the notebook. “No one. It’s just an assignment.”
She smirked with an eyebrow raised. “You’re doing homework at a wedding?”
“Is it time to cut the cake? You know Richard’s going to smash it up your nose.”
“Not if he wants to have fun on the honeymoon,” she said. “You are dating. Who is he? Why wouldn’t you tell me?”
“I’m not dating.” I couldn’t handle this and my father at the same time. I turned to take a deep breath.
“Rebecca?”
“I’m fine.”
“Who is he?” she asked in a much softer tone.
I inhaled to level my voice. “No one.”
“You know I’m not giving up.”
Of course she wasn’t.
“He’s...”
I couldn’t do it. “I’m sorry. I promise I’m fine. Please enjoy your wedding.”
Surely, she knew I was lying but allowed me to drag her back out to the party where I escaped her clutches. In my preoccupation to avoid her, I ran into my parents who were just leaving the dance floor. They were holding hands, and the sight of them together, having once been a source of pride to me, was now the last thing I needed to deal with. I knew I would never have what they had.
“Becky, where have you been?” my mother said. “I haven’t seen you all evening.”
Hadn’t I been on display? My father suddenly found the Hokey Pokey to be highly entertaining, much more interesting than his daughter. I couldn’t answer my mother.
She tugged at his hand and gave him a look.
“Hello, Rebecca,” he finally said.
I could never understand how she did that. Even at my best I couldn’t perform miracles of male control like that. She didn’t even have to do the dumb bubbly thing, though she was capable. Worked great on traffic cops.
“Hi, Dad.”
His expression softened in...confusion? Because I didn’t call him Daddy? His smug arrogance returned with his question. “How’s school?”
“Dean’s list.”
He didn’t look impressed. He probably thought my classes weren’t as difficult. “And work?” He tilted his head, like he did when Evie and I were little and he caught us in a lie.
I didn’t mention exactly what I did for a job. “Good.” And while his mind was on the subject of money. “Evie picked pretty dresses.”
He mostly suppressed the grumble. “And what kind of work did you find?”
I forced my head to stay high and to keep eye contact. “Waitressing.”
He rolled his eyes. “Great. Nice career path.” His voice was quiet, as if he was embarrassed for anyone to hear this conversation, to hear what his daughter did for money.
My mother tugged at his hand, but he ignored her this time.
“I make decent money,” I said.
“With lots of room for advancement.”
“It’s not my career.” Though I knew I’d likely always have to have a day job.
He shifted closer, voice even quieter. His gray eyes were cold like dirty ice, the sludge on the side of the road two days after a snowfall. “My God, Rebecca, what’s wrong with you?”
“Nothing’s wrong with me.”
“First this insanity about writing, and look at you. You don’t even look the same anymore.”
“I grew up.”
His laugh was sarcastic. “Is that what you call it?”
“Yes.”
“Let’s see how you make it in the real world.”
“You’ve already threatened that once, and I’m doing fine.”
“Is that why you’ve barely talked?”
I almost did but couldn’t tell him he was the reason for my silence, my fear of him. I couldn’t hurt him like that.
“Why speak if there is nothing to say?” I said.
“Good luck finding something to write then. I’m sure you’ll find plenty of interesting subjects with your vast life experiences.”
I walked away.
“Becky,” my mother called.
My father said nothing more and didn’t follow me.
I had to find a better hiding place. Outside the banquet hall, I walked around to the side of the building. A few feet away, some of the waiters stood, smoking and harassing each other. I sat on the curb.
Luckily, I still had my notebook. As I wrote, I swore I could hear what Jonathan’s responses would be, his simple questions and statements of fact.
“He’s right. I don’t have any real life experience, nothing interesting to tell, nothing intriguing, no lessons to teach.”
“You’ve found nothing interesting in your life?” I imagined his grin accompanying that question.
“Nothing I can share.”
“Because you can’t or because you don’t think anyone would care?”
“Both.”
“Perhaps you underestimate both yourself and others. You’re good at observing. Do you see interest in people when you’re around?”
“Not the kind I want.” I utilized the dumb bubbly thing at work. It earned better tips but wasn’t real.
“And what of your observations? Are they interesting?”
“To me.”
“To others as well.”


CHAPTER FOURTEEN
JONATHAN

This research was going to be tricky. I knew I’d find the date and time easily enough, but I supposed the rest would just have to be left to faith.
“Hello, Jonathan,” the librarian said.
I returned Thoreau by laying it on the counter and only nodded before retreating to the computer room. She, of course, found some reason to meander through several times.
I clicked through about every page of the University of Virginia site. It was in some obscure listing on the campus newspaper’s site that I found the name. Even though I only knew her first name, I was confident it was her. It wasn’t even an article, just a tid bit about a campus writing group that listed the members, including “Rebecca Kendrick, senior.” I stared at the screen, smiled at it for a good couple minutes, until the librarian approached for another lap.
With exceptionally high spirits, I left shortly thereafter.
“Did you find her today?” she asked in a low yet not quiet voice as I passed the front desk.
“No.” Lying to her came easily.
“You looked for a long time. Do you need help?”
The woman barely knew how to use Google. “No thank you.”
“Are you sure?”
I knew she wanted to know the story, why I kept searching for the name, but I also knew what she thought of me, of how I lived.
For some reason, my good spirits made me want to get her to understand, or perhaps I just wanted to shut her up. The book I’d returned still lay on the counter. I placed it in front of her. “A simple existence does not necessitate a simple mind.”
She didn’t answer. I walked away wondering if she understood the reference.
I took a few days off, to several people’s astonishment—I really needed to feign a life better. Rose was the only person who knew where my bus was headed. Having confined myself to a small existence for so long, it felt odd and somewhat unsettling to step away from it. The Pennsylvania highway flew by, cutting through and curving around the hills of the landscape. I’d almost forgotten how much I enjoyed a trip through this state, surely the most beautiful of the fifty.
Once we crossed the Virginia line, I started questioning my sanity, started questioning if what I was doing was right. I would make sure she didn’t see me, had no idea of my presence, but I didn’t know if that made it better or worse. I knew she would likely be upset to see me, so I wondered if I shouldn’t be there, no matter if she saw me or not.
Sometimes I worried that she regretted it, that she wished she would’ve saved herself for her husband. I almost hoped she did regret. It would mean she thought about it sometimes, about how she’d wanted me, about how she’d asked me to be with her. The truth was more likely that she had forgotten our train ride from so long ago, that she had forgotten me.
She, however, was always there, always with me. The paper was soft in my hand. The corners were starting to tatter, and the white showed the dirt of my grip. I had it memorized—her words, her voice, her smile. I had all of it memorized. My mind wandered beyond the innocent, from how those few freckles made her smile brighter, to the curve of her, of her breasts as she lay under me, the arch of her neck at the pleasure of her welcoming me into her, the way she watched me, touched me.
The woman in the next seat glanced over, and I realized the rush of my blood had increased my breathing. Celibacy was much more difficult than I’d ever imagined. I would’ve loved her no matter, so why did she have to look like that? If I’d never seen her but only read her words, seen into her mind, I’d still want to know her, still search for her name, for more of her words. But I had seen her. She controlled more than just my mind. I was physically hers, just as much as if I’d made the vows.
But she wasn’t mine, and I knew I shouldn’t covet her. I pulled my Book out to help with the scouring of my thoughts, and the woman glanced at me several more times.
The motel was tiny, clean, and cheap—and within walking distance of the campus. I didn’t allow myself to wander from it, no sightseeing, no restaurants. My breakfast came from the vending machines.
The map I’d printed showed the best path, the fastest yet least travelled, no main roads or walkways. I started for the campus as late as I dared.
Perfect rows of chairs sprouted up in the middle of a grassy field. They were mostly filled. I stood in the back and to the side next to a tree.
I waited, quietly yet not patiently. I didn’t have to wait for long. I’d wondered if, assumed even, she would look different. I’d counted on it in a way.
Her hair shown just as brightly. It glowed.
I almost decided I had to leave. My feet wouldn’t walk away, stuck to the ground just like they’d been at the train station. I’d stood in the same spot and admired her for the longest time. I did the same now.
She spoke with a few friends, smiling and laughing, but something was off. It wasn’t the same smile I knew. The difference was slight but there. I looked at the people to whom she talked to pick out family members. There was a girl a few years older who had to be a sister, and I was pretty sure I could find her mother. I saw no males older than their twenties.
Her father hadn’t forgiven her just as she had predicted.
My rage began to boil. Was he so pigheaded to allow a disagreement to keep him from his daughter? He had the ability, the right, to see her, to spend time with her, but he was wasting it because of pride. He was even more of a bastard than I was. I’d worked for many years to have compassion and never find hate, but I felt it building in my chest.
I searched for calm by watching her. I focused on her expressions and movement, those gentle graceful traits, the curve of her neck as she turned, the way she held her hands, that small private smile enflaming my curiosity, and the way she held herself when she sat. She crossed her legs to be a lady, not to show her figure. Her hands folded across her lap, she held her notebook, and pride filled my chest instead. I hoped I helped her decision to write in some small way, helped her to embrace fully something she loved so much. My curiosity roused stronger as I wondered what filled those pages, which of her thoughts lived in her prettily printed words. I reminded myself that I owned one page of her writing, one page that was written only for me. Whether she ever once more thought about me, about our time together, I would always know she’d cared enough to offer that gift.
When it was her turn to walk across the stage, I smiled brightly. She was announced, her full name, with honors of course. My smile faded when hers didn’t match, not completely. There was happiness, but I could see something was missing, someone was missing. I watched the way her skirt floated behind her as she walked to fight the hate.
She moved for the steps, turned in my direction for the first time. Her features illuminated by the bright sun captured me. Then she looked in my exact direction. I could have sworn she met my eyes.
I turned quickly then, and kept going.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN
REBECCA

My feet stopped.
Jonathan?
“Go,” the girl behind me griped.
I convinced myself I was seeing things. I’d started hearing his words, so it couldn’t be a far leap to hallucinations.
After graduation, I found a little studio apartment in town within easy walk of a bus stop. Not having much of a plan, I kept waiting tables while I tried to figure out what I was doing, while I searched for courage. I had an idea for a book, an idea the two most important yet absent men had inspired, but I believed my father easier than my imaginary Jonathan.
The study group continued even though most of us no longer had homework to complete—that was nice—and Tim continued trying to construct conversations. He had gained skill from somewhere. I felt horrible for not being able to reciprocate. At least I’d told him the problem, the reason he would never succeed. I did, however, find him to be a good friend, though I was careful never to spend time alone with him. I continued to enjoy my time in the library, spending it either bouncing ideas off my friends—finally real friends—looking things up in the newspapers, or simply reading and rereading, everything from J.K. Rowling to Melville, from wizards to whales.
Though I was generally content, my life seemed stuck. I wasn’t moving forward, or even backward for that matter. The months kept passing, and courage eluded. I kept writing to Jonathan, a habit that was now a full blown compulsion, and he gently pushed. I was turning schizophrenic. I didn’t actually hear him, not his voice, but it was like I knew what he would think and say. I reminded myself that I couldn’t possibly know what he would think. I’d only known him for one day, and though I’d learned much, I didn’t really understand what shaped him, the details of his past.
That realization brought forth temptation. I argued with myself about it for a while, questioning ethics of privacy and trying to figure what he would think. When I would almost have myself convinced, I remembered I didn’t even know his last name. In the end though, my crippling curiosity, my desire to know him, won.
One Saturday morning I broke down and typed my first search, utilizing the few things I’d learned. He had attended seminary in Baltimore, and I hoped he had also grown up in that area. My searching proved to be just as difficult as I thought. I didn’t even find a glimmer of him for months. I kept clicking through page after page, and I started to think he was only a figment of my imagination, my mind providing the thing I’d most needed at the exact time I’d most needed it. But then I thought of our night. I couldn’t have imagined that. I wasn’t that talented.
Having been focused on finding which high school he had attended, I changed to something else, something unpleasant but that had played a major role in shaping him, the event that earned him a scar of loathing. Relief did not find me upon my locating the object of my search.
“Fatal Stabbing at Local High School.” The headline crowned a picture of a seventeen year old Jonathan being escorted, it looked, to a police station, but he wasn’t in handcuffs. The side of his face was bandaged. His expression was not pleasant, hard from controlled emotions, but they were still visible in his eyes, even in newsprint. It was not from the pain of the cut on his face. It was much worse—anger wrapped around guilt and remorse.
The article explained that a high school junior had, according to witnesses, been cornered by five seniors in a bathroom. The witnesses left before blades were pulled so the article was unclear about the ensuing events, except that someone had died from a stab wound to the stomach. He died on the scene and before help arrived. The other four had run, and the stabber was found attempting to resuscitate.
In the next few issues of the paper, I found a brief snippet about the funeral and another piece centering on the interview of family members declaring passionately how much he would be missed and that they were praying for his murderer to be convicted soon. My anger boiled, and I moved on quickly to find that not only was Jonathan not convicted but that he was never charged. It was deemed self-defense based on eyewitness accounts of that day and past altercations.
I found one more picture of Jonathan, just as unpleasant. This time he was accompanied by a priest as they ignored a small crowd. I knew Jonathan’s expressions well having memorized each one and could see, though he stared straight ahead, he was incredibly aware of those around him and their anger. Their hatred visibly permeated his skin to be captured, to erode, and I found myself being intensely thankful to the priest whose hand rested on Jonathan’s shoulder, comforting, guiding.
I also found thanks for my privacy, for having no huffy roommate to muddle my emotions, mixing her annoyance with my already erratic mental state. I now had the freedom to cry if I needed, and I utilized this fact often. Definitely pathetic, but being able to let go helped me to find strength. And from strength grew courage.
Reading about this one aspect of Jonathan’s past also gave me strength, gave me that boost I needed. If he could live through that and even move on to devote his life to helping others, then I could lay myself open to agents and editors, even copy editors.
That Saturday night was not spent sleeping but pouring through all my notebooks and computer files compiling observations and stories.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN
JONATHAN

“Do you mind if I ask?” Rose said tentatively, an unusual sound for her.
“It can’t possibly be fair.”
“The same as you remembered?”
“Beyond perfection.”
“Did you—” she began.
I turned my gaze down to my Book. She didn’t ask any more and only rested her hand on my forearm. She was the perfect friend. She had a sixth sense for when I needed to be pushed and when I required space.
Seeing Rebecca, though it was amazing, had felt like saying goodbye. I no longer had any idea where she was, no concept of what she might be doing. I’d felt the bond of one spider’s thread, and now it was gone. She was truly gone. The bus ride back home felt like the last leg of my train ride, and though it may have been stupid, I was glad I’d gone, glad to have seen her one last time. I would continue to watch for new authors, but I knew that was like searching through a beach of sand for one tiny diamond, the most brilliant of diamonds.
My library visits were quieter. The librarian finally seemed to have realized I knew how to read and had surely read more than she had. Even when I began seeing Tracy there more regularly it remained a sedate experience. I attempted to greet her at first. She feigned hearing loss on most occasions and was sarcastic the rest of the time. I tried convincing myself I should be relieved, but I could only manage to feel like shit. I’d certainly never meant to hurt her.
It wasn’t until a few weeks later that I realized why Tracy had begun showing such a strong preoccupation with the internet. One Saturday she caught up with me outside and grabbed my hand to stop my walking. I didn’t pull away in an attempt not to hurt her further. Then she touched my face, and I couldn’t help the twisting of my expression.
“Does Rebecca know how you got that?” she said.
I hesitated. Why did it matter if Rebecca knew? I was more concerned with if and why she knew. “Rebecca knows everything.”
“So, that’s why she doesn’t want you.”
I ripped my hand out of hers and began walking.
“I thought so,” she muttered.
The whole way back to St. Vincent’s I wondered if she understood, and if so, what did she plan to do? She couldn’t be that vindictive could she? People’s finding out was one of my greatest fears. Becca had helped me not to torture myself anymore, but could others believe it had been self-defense and unintentional? Few ever had.
My wondering morphed to agonizing when Sunday morning arrived. I stared straight ahead and ignored the people who watched me. I soon realized to what degree I’d hurt Tracy. I knew what the outcome of her actions had to be, knew it would be extraordinarily difficult not to be here, not to have Rose. I thought about being weak and skipping Mass, skipping town without a word, without having to deal with anymore of this, but there was one person I needed to talk to first. I needed my ocean of calm to know the truth, to understand, before I left.
Several groups of gossipers stopped Rose on her way to our pew. I didn’t look at her, couldn’t look at her, terrified to see fear in her eyes, to see disappointment, to see that she now saw me as a stranger. I thought she might avoid me altogether and sit with Phyllis’s family.
She sat next to me as always. “Good morning, Jonathan.”
“Good morning, Rose.” I didn’t look up from my reading, though what I was really doing was concentrating on the notebook paper tucked in the pages and the words it held. Could Rose forgive as easily as Becca?
I waited for her to begin questioning.
“Did you mark the passages yet?” she said.
I just looked at her.
She flipped to Psalms then pointed to one, to 103:11-12, and said, “This is one of my favorites.”
For as the Heavens are high above the earth,
So great is His mercy toward those who fear Him;
As far as the east is from the west,
So far has He removed our transgressions from us.

Holding my Book tightly, I leaned forward. “Thank you, Rose.” She couldn’t possibly understand the impact of her understanding, of her forgiveness.
She rested her head on my shoulder. I felt every gaze on us.
“They don’t know you like I do.” She laid her hand on my cheek. “My dear boy.”
Throughout Mass she sat closer than normal and held my hand. Everyone stared. We probably looked odd, but I didn’t care, just absorbing my mother’s love, something I’d craved my whole life.
Afterward, she led me outside to escape the gazes and take a walk, still holding my hand. She didn’t push but patiently allowed my silence. I didn’t want her walking too much and insisted she sit when we came upon a playground. The screeches and laughs of the children contrasted heavily with my mood, my dread of the inevitable unknown after today.
“You don’t have to tell me anything,” she said. “I just want you to understand I know you’re a good man.”
I gently squeezed her hand, and we were quiet for a few more minutes, while I built enough strength. I wanted her to understand the whole story so that once I was gone she wouldn’t begin to believe the rumors and speculations surely already forming and traveling at amazing speed. She would be the main target of bombardment in my absence, and I wanted to give her confidence in the truth.
Finally, while leaned forward and looked at the ground, I began.
“It was the school year prior that it all started. The group of them had been hassling a girl with whom I was friends and had seen a few times. She didn’t put up with any crap, but that just seemed to make it worse. I started walking her to her classes. I never spoke to them until that summer. I couldn’t be with her all the time and asked that she be careful. The group was tenacious, but she was stubborn, almost as cocky as the guys her age. She worked at some fast food restaurant that was open twenty four hours and continued taking the night shift. She was walking home one night when—”
“When they caught up with her.”
“She tried fighting them off, but she was no match for five seventeen and eighteen year olds.”
“They…raped her?”
“Violently.” I left it at that—Rose needn’t hear the details.
She paused. “Did she prosecute?”
“She refused at first—they had finally succeeded in scaring her—but some of her friends convinced her. She went to the police to file a report, but the boys’ families insisted they had been home. The web of alibis tied the hands of the police. I couldn’t hold my tongue any longer. I went to the police myself to tell them of all the previous incidents, but they still couldn’t make it work. I’m not sure how I made it out of there without being arrested.”
“You went to see the boys?”
“Not purposefully, but I ran into them. One of them made a comment about her, about my taking some of the fun out of it. Somehow they knew I’d been her first, and I realized that was why they had chosen her, not only because she was pretty but because she had retained some degree of innocence, unlike the vast majority of other girls. My disgust and rage exploded, and I attacked the speaker.”
“That was when... Did the others try to stop you?”
“Not that day. The altercation was cut short by an old man stepping onto his porch, phone in hand, threatening that the police had been called and were on their way. None of us had made great friends of our local law enforcement. I backed off to allow them to drag their friend away. I later heard I’d seriously injured him, and his recovery took several weeks. I was more careful to avoid them after that. Then school started, and the tension was unavoidable. I had no classes with them but saw them in the halls. Their anger did not subside. I knew the tension would peak eventually.”
I paused to build more strength, and Rose held my hand in both of hers.
“What happened?” Her voice was soft with understanding and support, even with the slight waver of age, or maybe because of it.
“I was washing my hands in the restroom and I saw them in the mirror as they came in. I knew immediately what was going on and told the boy next to me to get out. I knew I wasn’t going to escape but hoped the other boys could. I gave no notice of their approach and quickly dried my hands as the leader, the one who had spoken to me the last time said, ‘Hope you’re ready for our little study group.’ I heard the switchblade from somewhere behind him and tried to get them to pause just a few seconds.”
“Did the others get out?”
“Yes, and they alerted the principal. But it was too fast for anyone to help.”
I looked over at her. “I swear I didn’t intend to do it. I thought for sure they had me. I fought back but ended up being choked with my back to the tile while the leader ‘marked’ me.”
“Your scar.”
“He said it was a reminder. But then he spoke again of the girl, and I managed to take the knife and push him back. The others paused, but the leader lunged.” I stood to turn away. “I did it without thinking, without thinking he’d die. But he stopped, and I was suddenly holding his weight, his limp weight. I stepped back, and he fell to the floor. The room froze, as still as the boy whose chest had stopped expanding. Then the others ran. I tried to bring him back. I swear to God I tried.”
She paused. “Did you get into trouble?”
“With the police, no, but with the community, yes. It was deemed self-defense, so I was never charged. I’m sure it helped that a friend of mine spoke on my behalf, but everyone else was hell-bent on ‘justice,’ calling for my immediate arrest, demanding.”
She let me brood for a few minutes while I listened to the children, to their innocence.
“Rebecca knows,” she said. “Doesn’t she?”
“Rebecca knows everything.”
I prepared myself for Rose to make the same conclusion Tracy had, of why Rebecca left, though I knew she’d be much kinder in her expression of it.
“That’s why you love her so much,” she said.
I turned to her.
“She saw past your barriers,” she said. “You said before she showed compassion. This is what you meant—part of it.”
“She forgave me,” I said, “without even knowing the whole story. She told me I was still a good person, that I deserved forgiveness.”
She smiled. “I like her. I wish I could meet her.”
I smiled back at her a little. I knew if they ever did meet, they’d be good friends. Becca might have been the only person who could hold her own in a debate against Rose. Sometimes I suspected Rose actually missed that, a worthy partner in arguing. From what I’d gathered, her husband had been.
She stood and tucked her arm in mine, and we continued down the sidewalk. Thankfully, she didn’t ask anymore. She didn’t speculate what was going to happen as a result of Tracy’s actions, but I was sure she already had an idea.
“Can I make you lunch today?” she asked as we stopped on her porch.
“I can’t.”
Her wrinkles curved the wrong way. “You don’t have to go.” It was more like a plea, as if she realized she wouldn’t be making me lunch again, ever.
“The church is supposed to be a haven, a place where everyone feels safe. I will not disturb that.”
Her eyes began to glisten. “Please keep in touch.”
I stepped closer to pull her to my chest. “Thank you, Rose. You’ll never understand what you’ve meant.”
Then I let go and turned quickly.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
REBECCA

It was the three-year anniversary of my meeting Jonathan, and I was not in the state of mind to deal with anything. I’d switched shifts with someone else. The exhaustion of double shifts yesterday was worth it; was necessary.
I did nothing but sit on my bed and think of him. My book was complete and sent out in multiple directions, so I couldn’t think of anything to distract, not that I was capable of anything, not even writing. I didn’t eat or sleep. I only stared at the wall opposite, at the photograph of the rocky, rumbling Pennsylvania landscape, hills and valleys dressed in autumn colors. I’d found it at a flea market while people-watching and bought it without knowing how I would get it home. It reminded me of that morning, the rising sun brightening the gold of the leaves even with the morning mist hugging the hills. I could hear him when I looked at it, could hear the pleasure I’d helped give him, could remember more clearly his enjoyment of my sighing his name. Was it absurd that a picture of trees brought my flush and made my heart pound?
Eventually, I pulled myself out of bed to take a shower, a cold shower. A lifetime of suppressing desire looked particularly daunting today. I often wondered if my thoughts were sinful. Was this what was meant by coveting? If so, it had to be worse than coveting thy neighbor’s wife.
After the shower, I slipped pajamas back on—no need to pretend I was good for anything today—and went to the kitchen. It hardly warranted the term kitchen. It was more like one of those play sets for toddlers.
While sitting to cut up an apple, I noticed my phone on the table, the missed call. The number was my parents’ home phone, so I was confused and maybe a little concerned. My mother called every once in a while but always from her cell phone and never while at home, and she rarely left messages. I played it and waited through a few seconds of silence to hear a male, not female, voice.
“We’re having a party for Anna’s first birthday and thought you might like to come.” He paused then added, “If you need help with bus fare, let me know.”
I listened to it several times. The male voice was definitely not Richard’s. I called back and got my mother. I didn’t ask any whys but told her I would be there, no matter how much shift changing I had to do.
The party was the next weekend. I spent the bus trip diverting my thoughts by thinking about my sister, about how neither of us were quite the good girls we pretended to be. Anna had been born just short of seven months after Evie and Richard’s marriage. I wondered if anyone else had done the math. I knew my father would’ve never missed it. I appreciated that he’d never said anything. It was obvious they hadn’t married solely for that reason, though the timing had undoubtedly been affected, and that they really loved each other. My pleasant feelings strained once I arrived.
The cab stopped in front of my parents’ house, in front of the mail box decorated with pink balloons attached with curly pink ribbon, definitely Evie. I was early, the first guest.
My mother flung the door open and grabbed me into a hug. “I’m so glad you came.”
She stepped back and smiled brightly. The glow of grandparenthood was still shining out of her eyes.
I tried to match her smile. I was excited to see her too, but also nervous to see my father.
She led me into the living room. The decorating looked to have been a joint effort, the pink satin ribbons being Evie’s input and the vases of white lilies distinctly Mom. Evie came to greet me, matching the decor. Anna toddled in behind looking absolutely adorable in cotton and lace. I was shocked when she came right to me. I hadn’t seen her in months.
I picked her up in a hug and focused on her, not on my father now standing in the kitchen doorway with Richard.
“See, told you she was smart,” my father said to Richard. “She knew her Aunt Rebecca right off.”
I hadn’t heard that kind of pride in his voice in so long. I didn’t look over and only listened to what Anna had to tell me. She spun around to show me how her dress fluttered. When she was dizzy, she plopped down on her butt and giggled.
A few other guests arrived, a few close friends of the family and of Evie’s. Richard’s family didn’t live around here and hadn’t been able to make it. It would’ve been nice to have people around who didn’t know me. I had to tell several people that I wasn’t taking over my father’s firm, and the ones who already knew asked how my writing career was going. Unless I could tell them I was published, they weren’t impressed. I saw in several people’s eyes that they agreed with my father. They were just better at hiding it than him.
I was cautious the whole visit. I felt uncomfortable in the house, the house of my childhood, and with many of the guests. But it was all worth it. I missed my family. I could deal with a little discomfort if I got to see my mom and Evie smile like that.
I dealt with the discomfort, hid it from my family, by focusing on Anna as much as I could. I found that my father was right. She recognized people easily, wasn’t nervous with so much attention, and her speech was already understandable. She also had a stubborn streak just like her grandpa and vehemently refused to eat green beans with a clear “No.”
Although I was happy to see my family after so long, I found depression while watching two happy couples. They held hands, smiled and laughed with each other, and pecked lips. I tried not to watch them anymore and sat on the floor to play with Anna and her blocks.
My father didn’t speak directly to me but didn’t avoid or ignore me either. If anything, I avoided him, being careful to keep the day nothing but pleasant and not wanting a repeat of the wedding. Evie had never mentioned the palpable discomfort, but I felt like the most horrible sister for being a part of any unpleasantness on her day.
The time that I needed to be getting to the bus station neared. I needed to call a cab, but my cell phone was dead and I didn’t feel comfortable enough to use the house phone without asking. That felt weird—and somewhat upsetting.
My mother was in the kitchen, beginning to clean up.
“Um, mom,” I said, “do you mind if I use the phone?”
She looked back at me. Her eyebrows pulled together. “Of course.”
I mumbled,” Thanks,” and picked up the receiver.
“I can take you to the station.” My father had walked in.
I stopped dialing. His tone made it clear it was an offer, not an order.
“Um,” I said, “sure.” I hung up the phone.
“I’ll just grab my keys.” He walked out of the kitchen toward his office.
Evie came in, apparently having gathered that I had to leave. She seemed sad to see me go and held me in a hug longer than was usual. I received hugs all around. Even Anna woke from her spot in the middle of the living room floor, as if just to say goodbye to me.
My father came back in to get me. I half expected my mother to come along—and then I could hide in the back seat—but she stayed at home to finish cleaning. I suspected she was trying to give my father and me the opportunity to talk privately.
It was about a twenty minute ride. The first five we spent in silence. I actually watched the clock, timing his pride. He obviously wanted to talk—or else he wouldn’t have offered to give me a ride. I was nervous about what would be said, by either of us, so didn’t do anything to encourage conversation.
“Where did you get the idea for the title?” he finally said.
I paused, shocked. I’d sent a copy of my book to my mother to get her opinion. I’d requested she not show it to him, or even tell him about it.
“From you,” I answered blankly.
He actually smiled a little. “I thought maybe.”
“Did mom tell you?” I wasn’t sure if I was annoyed or not.
“She’s not as good at hiding things as she thinks. I do use the laundry room on occasion.”
I didn’t know what else to say.
He was quiet for a little while. Finally, he said, “I’m proud of you, Rebecca.”
Luckily, it was dark enough to conceal my expression. I felt like I was going to burst into tears, as if a dam in my head suddenly opened, everything I’d been wishing for so long, spilling forth. My voice was just above a whisper. “Thank you, Daddy.”
The small smile reappeared. “I’m back to Daddy status.”
He seemed to gain more comfort as he went on. “At first I thought we’d spoiled you too much, that you were rebelling just to cause a reaction. I thought you’d come crawling back when your credit card didn’t work.”
“I don’t need money.”
“I thought not being able to have the latest trends would be too hard.”
“That was never me.”
He kept his gaze on the dark road. “You don’t look the same anymore,” he said, “but I respect you more for it. I never realized there was so much to you.”
I focused on keeping my voice level, on making it clear that I was apologizing for my part in our difficulties. It hadn’t been entirely his fault. I’d spent most of my life working to be someone else, on convincing everyone, even myself, that I was that peppy cheerleader.
“I’m sorry I upset you,” I said. “I shouldn’t have let it go that far.”
“I shouldn’t have pushed so hard.” He took a breath. “I saw your intelligence but thought you were shallow. I didn’t want you to waste your abilities.”
The last few minutes ticked quietly. When we pulled up to the station, he walked me to the already-waiting bus, and for the first time in so long, I didn’t want to run away from him, didn’t feel the need to escape.
I wrote to Jonathan during the trip. For once, it was a happy letter.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
JONATHAN

Another unpleasant bus trip. I was always losing the women I cared about. At least I could write to Rose, which I did as soon as I arrived in Philadelphia. I’d randomly picked a city on the bus route. I did like the idea of seeing a city with history and also thought I’d be able to hide more effectively with so many people to get lost among.
I dropped Rose’s letter in a mailbox at the station then found a pay phone to call Father Thomas, hoping he hadn’t decided to call St. Vincent’s in the last day.
“Hello?”
“It’s Jonathan. I wanted to let you know you can’t reach me at St. Vincent’s anymore. I’ve moved.”
“Your own apartment? That’s good. You need to move forward.”
“In Philadelphia.”
He paused. “What happened?”
“Someone decided to research old newspapers from Baltimore.”
A longer pause. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Not especially.”
“You should come home.”
“I can’t.”
He exhaled, a defeated sound. I felt like a piece of shit, but I didn’t know how to make this easier on him.
“I have some money,” he said.
“I’m not taking money from you. And I don’t need it anyway.” What had I ever had to spend my earnings on?
“At least let me help you find another position.”
“That’s all right. I can figure it out.” He’d vouched for me with Father Gregory—I would not tarnish Father Thomas’ word any further.
Father Thomas sighed. “Please… Please don’t lose contact.”
“You have my word,” I said. “You’re my family.”
His voice was quiet. “Thank you.” Then he added, “Make sure you attend Mass. It’s always given you comfort.”
“I will.” Although I didn’t think I could be close to a particular congregation again. I should stop allowing the possibility of friends or companions. There’s only so much torture one man can endure, and I was approaching my limit. “I’ll call you again soon.”
“May God be with you.”
“Thank you.” I hung up and walked away, through the crowded station.
I walked until I found a cheap motel. Then I set out to look for work.
The job thing proved difficult at first, with no résumé or references—I couldn’t very well list St. Vincent’s after walking out like I did. After a few days of filling out applications, I found work with a landscape maintenance company, a fancy title for mowing the lawn. The avoiding-companions goal was made easier by the fact that most of my coworkers didn’t speak English. I did speak decent Spanish but didn’t advertise it, which made for interesting work days since they talked freely and about anything in front of me. My knowledge of Middle American slang and curses improved tremendously, surely a useful skill.
Rose wrote back to me for the first few weeks. Then the letters stopped. I tried calling, but there was no answer at her house. And I couldn’t bring myself to call St. Vincent’s. I didn’t know Phyllis’s last name to look up her number.
Two weeks passed. I was about to break down and call the church. Then I received a phone call at work. I hadn’t bothered with paying for my own phone and only used pay phones, so Father Thomas had, apparently, gotten desperate. My employer seemed annoyed that someone called for me there but gave me the message anyway. I didn’t bother asking to return the call at work. I ran for the nearest pay phone, and was out of breath when I asked for Father Thomas.
“Jonathan. Thank Heaven.”
“What’s wrong?”
“The secretary at St. Vincent’s was kind enough to call.”
Panic invaded my thoughts. “What is it?”
“Your friend Rose was hospitalized a couple weeks ago.”
My jaw tightened as I waited.
“Apparently, she had some kind of heart condition, and—”
“Had?”
I knew the voice he used. It didn’t have the intended calming effect. “She’s gone, Jonathan. I’m so sorry.”
He allowed my silence, then continued in the same kind voice. “The funeral is tomorrow. I can meet you there.”
I rested my arm against the metal of the phone casing and leaned my head on it. Rose, my ocean of calm, my friend.
Gone.
My hand squeezed the receiver as I fought for strength, fought my internal anger. I should’ve been there for her, should’ve been holding her hand. I could never get that back.
More regrets, more loss.
Finally, I spoke. “That’s not necessary.” I took a breath and stood straight. “Thank you, Father Thomas.” I hung up without waiting for a response. He would understand.
My employer was not apt to allow a day off so soon after my having begun the job, so I quit and went to the bus station. I was not doing well at building a résumé.
That trip I stared blankly out the window. I’d seen Becca do this and now understood why. The blankness invaded my mind, quieted my emotions. It wasn’t strength but a reasonable facsimile.
Not knowing what time would be appropriate to arrive at the church, I walked for a newsstand hoping to find some information in the paper. I met Father Thomas before reaching it. He said nothing other than, “I have a car outside,” and then walked with me in silence.
He allowed me to drive, though it had been awhile since I had. I parked down the block from the crowd entering the church. The entire congregation, even those who only attended occasionally, appeared to be there, along with several others I’d never seen. I paused before joining them.
“They don’t know who you truly are,” Father Thomas said.
“I don’t want her last time here to be disturbed by my presence.”
“Would she care?”
The corner of my mouth twitched. “No.” She may have actually preferred it this way, no fading away softly. She was one to go out with a little flare.
By the time we walked up, the steps were empty. I felt every set of eyes on me as we entered.
“Would you prefer I wait here?” Father Thomas asked.
“I want my father to meet my mother.”
He met my eyes and seemed to stand a little taller—for once, he was the one shocked by a blindly obvious truth. He stayed at my side down the center aisle.
Heads moved with our pace. Our footsteps were the only sound, until we passed, then whispers followed, some outraged by my appearance and others surprised at my accompaniment. I kept my eyes forward, as did Father Thomas.
I only stopped when we came to Rose.
She looked just like that day I carried her in my arms to the hospital. Life no longer exuded.
The comprehension hit, the full comprehension. She was gone, never to miraculously lighten my mood, never to offer comfort, never to make me laugh at her flirting. I touched her cold hand as if to solidify the concept.
“I’m so sorry, Rose,” I murmured. “I should have been here.” I paused. I felt like I needed to say more, that I owed her more than I’m sorry. I wasn’t sure how to put it into words. It didn’t mean anything now anyway. I was too late.
I felt a hand on my shoulder, a strong, steadying hand.
I went on. “Thank you. You helped me to reclaim life for a little while.” I touched her wrinkled cheek. “My dear friend.”
Father Thomas stayed with me for another minute, while I memorized her face. I had no pictures of her. I had to remember everything.
Then I turned to leave. I was sure I’d lose the details eventually, but this was the best I could do. The only way I had to remember her was the images I kept close. Even if I had a picture, it couldn’t capture the teasing sound of her voice, the feel of her comforting hand patting my arm, the waver of her laugh.
A teary-eyed Amanda stood from her seat in the front row.
“She wanted you to have this.” She handed me an envelope.
Feeling what was inside, I said, “I can’t. It belongs to you.”
“You were a son to her. She had very little to give and wanted to give you something. She made me promise.”

CHAPTER NINETEEN
REBECCA

“You have a degree from an excellent university,” my father said. “Why are you continuing to wait tables?”
“I don’t care how I pay the rent,” I said.
“But you could be doing so much more.”
“I am doing more.” Waiting tables was just a means to earn a paycheck and an excellent opportunity to watch people. That was all I needed from a job at the moment. It was physically and mentally exhausting, which was nice sometimes, but I was able to leave it behind every day. No stress followed me home, no deadlines, no overly demanding boss with too much ego and too little brain. I appreciated my usually friendly Kermit. As long as I moved quickly and smiled a lot, he was happy, and my tips were good. And my tiny apartment was quiet, not filled with work I needed to do but work I wanted to do. The conversation with my father ended with the usual exasperation, his exasperation.
I hadn’t told anyone, not even my father. I’d found an agent who wanted to try and sell my book. We were currently doing a bit more editing, and I was writing a preface, an explanation for the purpose of the stories.
It was faster than I thought possible that I received the call. The agent had just begun presenting it when it sold. I managed not to screech into the receiver. The advance wasn’t large, but who cared about that? It was more than the fact that my words and my name would appear in print but further confirmation that I’d been right to change my path, that it was acceptable to be me. Those pages held the true me and had been deemed worthy of interest.
My mother, however, did screech into the phone, and I’d only heard so much excitement from my father when Anna was born. >From what I heard, he told everyone and even kidded that it would be required reading for all of his employees.
I had one more person to tell, to thank. I didn’t want to disturb his life but needed him to know what he’d made possible. Of course, I had no idea where he was. I hoped someone at St. Mary’s would. I packaged a copy of the manuscript and a note explaining my request. It took me several days to work up the courage to let it slide down the blue slot, scared he didn’t want to be reminded of the cause of his indiscretion, of his last moment of weakness. To help ease his conscience and my guilt, I added a letter, this one sealed in an envelope with his name. I didn’t care if anyone else at St. Mary’s read the book, but the letter was for his eyes only.

CHAPTER TWENTY
JONATHAN

My dear boy Jonathan,
I get the last word on this. When will you learn to stop arguing with me? To be fair, it took my husband the better part of forty years. You remind me of him actually. Not as funny but a man of few words and deep thought and devotion. That’s why I talked to you that first time. I realized what was in your back pocket and knew you were someone I could befriend.
I made Amanda promise to make you take this and TJ promise to find you if you refused, so don’t think of sending it back or doing something sneaky like leaving it with me. I let that slide once, but leniency was never my strong suit.
I know you lost your path, but I have faith you will find it. I have faith in you. I have faith you will survive and that you will eventually accept the things you deserve. You deserve excellence.
The time I have known you I have prayed to be able to provide you with some comfort, and I think I succeeded to a point. With this letter, I pray you will find a small amount of what you gain from Rebecca’s words. I pray you find happiness, and not even God will argue with me on this one.
Yours Truly and Sincerely, Rose

I sat on the park bench she’d shared with me and read her letter while Father Thomas wandered somewhere. Out of the envelope tumbled gold. She tried to give it to me on my thirtieth birthday. I couldn’t accept so much and slipped it into her bag with a note of apology. It was something to be passed down within the family, but I now decided to accept it. She was my family, and she was right—no one won an argument with Rose. It was pointless to try. But what was I supposed to do with it? Its intended purpose was lost on me.
Father Thomas took her seat next to me. “Are you all right?”
“Yes.” Not really.
“What are you going to do?”
“Find another job.”
And that’s what I did for another year. I picked another city at random and worked. Physical exhaustion was useful. It was necessary, and on a daily basis. It kept my mind blank, and I slept soundly. That was the most I could ask of life.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
REBECCA

Who in the world was knocking at my door? I didn’t think anyone even knew where I lived.
Having just gotten home from work, the Saturday lunch shift, I lurched upright and trudged to the door.
“I’m sorry to disturb,” a man in a black suit and white linen collar said, “but I’m looking for a Miss Rebecca Kendrick.”
I tried not to stare. “Um, yes sir.”
He smiled. I just kept staring. I’d seen him before, though only in a newspaper article and without the speckled gray sliding up into his hair from his temples. I couldn’t fathom how he knew me but more importantly why, why he knew me and why he was at my door.
“My name’s Thomas,” he said. “I hate to impose, but may I come in?”
As I stepped back, I glanced around to see if my apartment was reasonably clean. I didn’t know why it mattered exactly, but I was extremely concerned with his opinion being positive.
He held a chair for me at the kitchen table and then took the other.
“Can I offer you something?” I said. “Water?” I didn’t have anything else.
“A beverage is unnecessary, but I do hope you won’t mind talking with me for a few minutes.”
I nodded still lost as to the whys.
“We have a common friend,” he said.
“Jonathan.” It’d been forever since I’d said his name aloud.
His gentle smile reminded me of Jonathan’s. There was patience, wisdom, kindness.
I hadn’t noticed it in his hand, but he placed on the table a box, lid and body meticulously wrapped in brown paper. I recognized my own wrapping. Had Jonathan sent it back to him? Was he that angry? I no longer felt comfort in that possibility.
“Did he—” I began.
“He hasn’t read it yet, but I hope you don’t mind that I did.”
“But not the letter.”
He opened the box to pull out the envelope, still sealed.
So, why was he here then? Unless… Would Jonathan have told him what I did? Of course he had. He’d known this man since at least his teens, the man I saw by his side in the newspaper picture.
My gaze fell. How could one event bring such a plethora of emotions, erratic and intense? “He told you.”
“He did.”
I looked up. “I’m so sorry. I swear I never meant to hurt him. I just—” I took a breath then finished lamely, “I hope he’s well.”
“You left him on the train.”
“I…” I lifted my chin. “I had no right to do what I did. I will not disturb his path.”
He said nothing, just looking at me with eyes that seemed to see through me.
My gaze fell back to my lap—away from his eyes.
He remained quiet.
I covered my mouth with my hand. Moisture fell from the corners of my eyes down my cheeks.
He continued to say nothing, just watching as I fell apart.
I tried to breathe, tried to hide.
“You love him,” he surmised.
Startled, I looked up at him. His calm expression pulled the truth out of me. I could barely speak. “Yes.”
He again silently watched me.
I steadied my voice and began pleading. “Please don’t tell him. He can’t feel guilt for me. I’ve hurt him enough already.”
“You still feel strongly after all this time?”
“I always will.”
He paused, then handed me a handkerchief from his breast pocket. I attempted to dry my eyes.
“And what of this?” he asked as he touched the brown paper.
“I wanted him to see what he inspired.” I took a breath. “He helped me change my path, to find the courage to be myself. I will always be in his debt, but I wanted to give him something, anything.”
“You’ve given him much.”
I didn’t understand.
“He trusts you.” His voice quieted as he leaned forward. “He believed you.”
My expression distorted. He couldn’t mean what I thought. It was just words scribbled on a piece of notebook paper. They were true, and I knew he needed to hear them. But I also knew it wasn’t enough just coming from me.
“I came to thank you for that,” he said, “for accomplishing that which I failed to do.”
Unable to handle anymore without completely losing it, I pushed forward. “Will you give him the book?”
“I will. If you still want it.”
“Please do what you think is best for him.”
He stood to leave. “I will always do that. Thank you for your time, Rebecca. It was truly a pleasure to meet you.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
JONATHAN

Half the time I couldn’t remember in which city I lived. It didn’t matter.
I was careful to keep my distance from people, and the only person who heard more than one sentence escape my lips was Father Thomas.
My home was similar to what I had at St. Vincent’s, a basement cell of a room. I preferred it this way, preferred the sensory deprivation. Except the bathroom. It took a good week of scrubbing to make it useable, but again the labor, the exhaustion, was a relief. I welcomed it.
I worked long hours, as many as I could at two different jobs. It wasn’t for the money. I had little use for it, and it sat untouched in a bank, uncounted and unused. All I really needed was to be busy and to be tired.
As I walked home from my second eight hours of labor, I looked forward to unconsciousness. I opened the door to my building and started down the steps.
There was a shadowed figure standing in the hall.
My back straightened, and my eyes were clearer, less fogged from exhaustion.
The figure turned as I approached, and the faint light from the stairwell behind me reflected off something at his neck, off-white linen.
“It’s about time. I’ve been waiting for hours,” he said.
While moving quickly to unlock the door, I said, “Father Thomas. What are you doing here?”
He walked into my spotless hovel as I flicked the light switch. He took a quick look around, and then murmured to himself, “Hm, almost exactly the same.”
“Is something wrong?” I pushed.
He turned to me. “I came to deliver a package.”
Who in the hell would send me a package?
He held a rectangular box out to me. “I think I’ll take a walk. I need the fresh air.”
“It’s almost midnight.”
He kept holding the box out, so I took it.
He went for the door. “I’ll be back shortly.”
I stared after him then turned my gaze to the package. It was addressed to St. Mary’s, and the return address was from—I almost dropped it—Charlottesville. My hands shaking, I opened it. The bright white of the manuscript shone up at me like hope at the bottom of Pandora’s Box.

Many Observations from Few Travels
Rebecca Kendrick
My skin felt like it might actually crack from the so-long-absent smile. She finally did it, finally found the courage. I felt that I might burst from the pride. I sat on the edge of the bed to begin hungrily reading, the sting of my eyes and soreness of my hunched shoulders completely disregarded.
Descriptions elegant in their succinct accuracy, she captured each person. Their physical traits, personality, and the way their interactions with their environment defined them, told their story. Each snippet of life captivated, for the simplest of reasons. The way an elderly woman’s nose turned up slightly at boarding the bus, her shame at being unable to drive herself anymore masked by haughty pride. How a teenaged mother handled her screaming toddler with perfect calm and patience, showing maturity so far beyond her years. The simple act of a polished man decked in a tailored suit standing in a downpour to hail a cab for his wife, and laughing about the sudden cease of rain.
She saw everything, all those moments the rest of us miss, and she created the images, demonstrating the beauty in everyday life, reminding us that we needn’t have some grand purpose, grand goals separating us from the crowd. It was okay and even honorable to stay in the shadows, as long as you did for others, no matter how small and insignificant the act.
I read straight through, marveling but also feeling shame. I saw none of these moments. I hid from life, too weak to deal with more pain.
All other thoughts ceased when I read the last portrait, one that I’d read before, one that was more accurate than all the others. This description had no story attached, only a glimpse of a man who used to be.
“I must agree. She is an amazing girl.” Father Thomas had returned.
He handed me an envelope bearing my name. It held not more type but her printed script, that unique style somewhere between cursive and print.
Dear Jonathan,
This is for you, only for you. Others may read it, but you are the reason for its completion, the reason for my guts to start it. I’m sorry to again invade your life, and I promise not to hurt you this time. You are the best person I’ve ever known, the best person I will ever have the privilege of meeting, and I wanted you to understand the impact you have had. I was me with you. Thank you for that gift.
Yours, Becca

Elbows on my knees, I laced my fingers into my hair while I gently tugged at that one spider’s thread. She remembered me, enough to want to reach out, only from afar, but she was there.
“I went to see her,” Father Thomas said.
My calm evaporated.
I stood. My voice was hard. “You didn’t tell her.”
“I told her very little.”
“Why did you do that?” I had never been angry at him before. “Was she upset?”
“She’s a strong girl.”
“She shouldn’t have to be.” I took a few steps away. Why did he avoid my question? He never did that.
He paused. “It takes great strength to be in love with someone you believe to be out of reach.”
My eyes closed, brain shutting down, unable to process.
He was closer, a hand on my shoulder as he spoke quietly. “She always has been.”
“No. You misunderstood.” She couldn’t feel like me. She was too rational. It had only been one day. She’d liked me and felt some kind of attraction. That was it. No more.
“I asked her point blank, Jonathan. She said she will always feel the same.”
I stepped away and turned to him. “Dammit. Why are you doing this?”
He was aggravatingly calm. “It’s the truth.”
“Fuck.”
“She needs you.”
My voice roared. “No.”
He stood right in front of the raving mad man that was me and gently held my shoulders. “You have to accept it. She needs you. It’s killing her that she can’t have you.”
“Oh God.” Gravity was too much. My knees hit the cement.


ALWAYS

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
REBECCA

I came home to visit for Easter. It felt nice to be in church again. Sitting next to me on the pew was Anna, and next to her were Evie and Richard, who was in exceedingly good spirits. My father had picked dinner on Good Friday to announce that he found a way to keep his law firm in the family but that he would also have to add a name to the letterhead.
Richard had begun working for him about four years ago, shortly before I told him I would not be taking over. He’d always been ambitious and hard-working but hadn’t known my father thought quite that highly of him. He was still beside himself, unable to be solemn as he normally was in church. His smile was unstoppable. I glanced over at him and grinned to myself as we knelt to pray.
The sermon began, and I settled into my seat, ready to half listen and half observe everyone else. Watching people at Mass was always interesting. Some were serious and thoughtful. Others were bored beyond compare, and every once in a while someone could be spotted snoozing, usually an over-worked dad.
“We are to use wisdom and judgment to approve things that are excellent.”
I stared at the pulpit. Father Samuel continued, but I heard nothing more.
“Aunt Becca.” Anna tugged at my sleeve, and I realized I was crying.
I stood to slink quietly, and hopefully unnoticed, down the side aisle. I hit a sprint at the door.


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
JONATHAN

The car ride was silent, void of sound but not thought. My head was utter chaos. One minute I was on the verge of turning around, certain he was wrong and terrified of disrupting her perfectly happy life. I couldn’t allow her to be upset, especially as a result of my actions, but that fact just brought more terror. What if he was right? It would mean she had always been upset by me. That something I saw in her eyes at her graduation, was it because of me? Had she been in as much pain as I had? The physical pain at these thoughts was unbearable, a blade piercing straight through my heart to my spine. Yet I drove on. The hope to be able to make it right pushed me.
Father Thomas had found her family’s home. He figured she’d be there for Easter. I considered being a pussy and using the excuse of not intruding to allow myself to turn around. Something about seeing her with her family, making sure her father had come to his senses, brought me to a stop at the curb. Her father had to have gotten over his stupidity by now. Surely, she was here.
The driveway of the large brick house was empty.
I continued to stare out the windshield, down the street of beautifully imposing homes. They were like a jury in pressed suits staring at me, wondering what in the hell I was doing here. I found another reason for terror.
“You’re sure?” I asked.
If he was wrong and she rejected me, I couldn’t live through that. Rationally, I knew she was too kind to ever hurt me and that Father Thomas would never lie, but there was always the possibility of a miscommunication.
“I’m positive, Jonathan. There is no doubt.” He paused. “If you’d have seen her.”
“She was crying?”
“Yes.”
The image tore at my soul. I had to try, had to be sure. I could make myself live through rejection if I knew she was happy in her life.


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
REBECCA

I slowed to a walk eventually, as I passed the small shops along Main, all closed today. The sun peeked at intervals, reflecting off the glass and back onto the trees that lined the road. This perfect little town was becoming too difficult to visit. Everything was right here, every street framing manicured lawns, children chasing and laughing up and down the sidewalks, and my family, loving and in love. I was the grain of sand pretending to be a diamond, pretending to fit in, pretending that I wasn’t hopelessly and pathetically in love with someone who would never be mine. They were beginning to ask. When are we going to meet a boyfriend? Why aren’t you dating? What was I supposed to say?
“There you are. Where’d you go?” Evie jumped out of the car to retrieve me.
I tried to look normal. “Sorry. Just needed some air.”
I could see in her face she knew something was off, had been off for a while, but she didn’t push anymore.
I sat in the back with Anna. She seemed to have a sense when I was upset and allowed my attention.
“Who’s that?” Richard said as we pulled in the drive.
There was a car parked at the curb, a boxy older sedan. I couldn’t care less and stepped out, ready to unbuckle Anna from her seat. My parents pulled in behind us, and I paused before walking behind Richard’s BMW.
Then the passenger door of the other car opened. The priest I’d met only a few days ago stepped out. He closed the door then looked over to the driver’s side, at the man now standing from that seat.
I couldn’t breathe.
He walked around to the sidewalk and just looked at me, waiting. He was perfect, just as I remembered. I stared, trying to make the hallucination go away.
He wasn’t going.
I moved my hand from my mouth to be able to whisper. “Jonathan?”
“Hello, Rebecca.”
My feet stuttered, then ran across the wet grass. I threw myself at him. I couldn’t help it. There was nothing else to do, and he held me so tightly, as if straining not to hold too tightly, his hand on my cheek pressing me to him. There were no thoughts, no trying to understand, only thankfulness—an intense relief, like I hadn’t breathed right in three years.
“Rebecca, are you going to introduce us?”
My father’s voice brought me back. I released Jonathan, embarrassed.
“Sorry, Daddy. This is Father Thomas and Fa—”
“Jonathan.” He spoke over me then shook hands with my father. “Mr. Kendrick.”
I looked at Jonathan, confused, and he turned back to me.
“Perhaps you should find someplace to talk alone,” Father Thomas said.
Though he, surely, wasn’t about to argue with a priest, my father eyed Jonathan cautiously. He was not dressed like Father Thomas, much scruffier than he had been on the train and not a suit. I couldn’t figure why.
“Is something wrong?” I asked Jonathan.
“He’s right. Do you mind?”
Ignoring my family watching us, I led him to the house. He paused just inside by the door of my father’s study. “Is this all right?”
I stood by the sofa, and he closed the door. He hesitated before turning. I watched closely, mostly convinced he wasn’t real. He couldn’t be. Why on earth would he be here? How would he know how to find me?
“I’m sorry to intrude unannounced like this,” he said.
“What’s going on, Jonathan? What’s wrong?”
“Thank you for sending your book. I can’t tell you how proud I am.”
“Did you read it?” The whole thing?
“Straight through,” he said as he moved closer. “As soon as he handed it to me.”
“What did you think?” My stomach twisted. His opinion mattered more than anyone else’s.
“Absolutely brilliant. I was about to pass out from exhaustion when I started, but I couldn’t stop.” He took my hand, lightly touching my fingers. “I’ve always loved reading your words.”
“As if you’ve read so many,” I teased. I felt myself flushing at his touch. Get a grip, Rebecca.
His voice was low. “But I read those few often.”
I turned my gaze away, unable to hold onto reality while looking at him. “Did Father Thomas tell you he came to see me?” More specifically, what did he tell you? My apartment wasn’t a confessional, but I hoped I could trust a priest.
“He did. He came to see me just after.”
Trying for casual, I asked, “You’re not living in Baltimore? I hoped you would’ve been assigned to a parish near him.”
“No, I don’t live in Baltimore.” He lifted my chin. “And I don’t work in a parish.”
“A school?” Where else was there?
His voice was so soft. “No, Becca.”
I just looked at him. I couldn’t understand what he was saying, what he was trying to communicate.
He spoke quietly. “I never took vows.”
“Not because—” I closed my eyes. “Not because of what I did?”
“I couldn’t.”
My legs gave out. I plopped down on the sofa, my hand on my mouth to muffle my tears. Oh God, what have I done?
He was on his knees in front of me. “I’m so sorry, Becca. I didn’t want you to find out, but please don’t be upset. There was nothing you could’ve done.”
How was I not going to be upset? It was all my fault. I’d succeeded in destroying everything he’d worked for, my ultimate triumph. I covered my face with both hands. All of this because I was too selfish to leave him alone, to just let him go. I had to have a piece of him, and that one piece had toppled everything. I thought he could simply move on, look at it as one last indiscretion before giving his life to God. I never imagined the amount of destruction it could cause. Surely, I’d made him feel weak. He’d tried to stop me—he’d fought so hard.
He pulled me to his chest and murmured in my ear, “Please, Becca.”
“I’m so sorry, Jonathan. I’m so sorry.”
“I don’t regret it.” He smoothed my hair down my back. I swore I could feel a slight shake from his hand.
I tried to pull it together, to fake it until he left. He deserved that much from me.
Continuing to smooth, he gently went on. “Father Thomas told me of his visit.”
My back jerked straight. I stared at him.
As he read me, his expression changed, calmed. He stroked his thumb across my cheek and murmured, “Just as I remembered. Every freckle the same.”
I swallowed and tried to breathe. “What did he tell you?”
“Only what I needed to hear.”
He was killing me. Why was he doing this?
“I’ve been lost,” he said. “You saved me from my guilt, from my torture, but you also took the rest of me.” He paused as if absorbing the sight of me. “How could I give my life away when you own it?”
My breath stopped. I was hearing him wrong.
“I love you, Becca. I always have.”
My eyes closed. No, it wasn’t right, just my imagination. I’d finally lost it. I couldn’t make the hallucination go away. I could still feel him, still hear his quiet breaths, still smell his scent.
“Becca.”
I opened my eyes half believing he wouldn’t be there.
“It’s difficult. I understand. Believe me, I understand.”
My voice wouldn’t work. I couldn’t trust my own ears or my own eyes. Slowly, so slowly, I leaned closer to wrap my arms around him. I needed to feel him, to feel that he was really here. At his tight hold, I began to relax, not quite absorb or believe, but like I was giving up to the hallucination.
His voice, however, became strained, just a slight edge. “Did he tell me the truth?”
I pulled back just enough to be able to meet his eyes. His nerves crept across his face.
I wasn’t completely sure I wasn’t speaking to my imaginary Jonathan. “He told you the truth.”
His smile began to travel over his lips.
I touched his face, still trying to make myself believe, but when the words came out, everything rang true, as if the world finally made sense, as if everything I thought to be imaginary was the truth, was right, was real. “I love you.”
He exhaled and collapsed back, sitting on his feet. His head bowed.
Laughing a little, I said, “Jonathan.”
When he looked up, his smile was positively golden, and then his lips were on mine. All thoughts ceased as the repression of so many things caught up in a flood.
“God give me strength,” he murmured against my mouth, and I giggled.
My heart racing, I clung to him and couldn’t remember how to stop. I faintly heard knocking, but it was so far in the back of my consciousness that its relevance was lost. The only things I could grasp were the feel of his lips, the texture of his hands, and the smell of him, not some pretentious cologne but simple soap and laundry detergent mixed with his natural chemistry. His simplicity of manner and appearance only made the passion he showed me that much more powerful, as if I was special, as if he only showed this part of him to me.
Only one thing could bring me back.
“Rebecca. What’s going on?” my father demanded through the door.
Then the door opened.
Jonathan allowed me to pull back so I could turn my head. He kept his hands on my neck and cheek and his gaze on me.
“What’s going on?” my father demanded again. He stared at Jonathan not me.
“Everything’s fine,” I said. Perfect.
He continued to stare at Jonathan, and I turned back to him as well.
“I suppose I should let you up,” Jonathan said, but he didn’t move.
“You have to stay for dinner.”
He smiled.
My father huffed.
I turned to my father. “It’s either that, or I’m taking him to the Denny’s on the interstate.”
“We’ll have to see if—”
“Mom’s making enough for twenty. You know she always does.”
He huffed again and left.
Before Jonathan could be a gentleman and walk through the polite argument, I said, “Please stay.”
“So, you’re still good at that, huh?”
I shook my head. “I’m out of practice.”
He brushed his fingers along the length my hair. It seemed like he couldn’t keep his hands from touching me, as if he was trying to make sure I was real too. “It’s just who you are,” he said. “It’s never been how you dress or how you do your hair. Those things only cover, give you a mask. People want to know you. I was privileged enough to see you, to understand. I couldn’t let you go after that.”
I touched his cheek, brushed my fingertips across his scar. “All this time,” I murmured. So many years, so much waste.
“I know. I promise to make it right.”
My arms around him, I lay my head on his shoulder. “I’ve missed you so much.”
He buried his face in my hair.
My father had left the door open, and voices travelled from the living room, hushed but agitated.
“Who in the hell is he?” Of course it was my father.
My mother scolded, “Donovan.” She only used his full name if she was really mad.
Father Thomas’s voice remained calm. “I understand your concern, but please have patience.”
My father was silent. I felt his fuming in the air, like smoke sucking the oxygen out.
“Donnie, give her a chance to explain.” My mother’s tone was back to normal, exactly what he needed.
“Are you ready to explain?” Jonathan asked quietly.
I squeezed tighter. “Not yet.”
The rush of emotions was too much. I was still trying to fully comprehend the man in my arms. I couldn’t fathom the thought of sympathizing with, let alone dealing with, my family’s questions.
“Go for a walk?” he said.
“First, we have to escape.”
Holding hands, we emerged from the study. Every head turned, some eyes on me, some on him, all on our hands.
“Rebecca,” my father demanded.
Jonathan moved forward as if shielding. “You have my word she’s fine, but she can’t handle any more right now.”
My father liked to argue, great trial lawyer. “What does your word mean? I don’t know you.”
Father Thomas stepped forward. “Please have patience.”
My father paused, and Jonathan and I were able to slip out the door. Gratitude for Father Thomas swelled in my chest.
While ambling around the block, we talked but stayed with light subjects. He seemed to want to keep the conversation on me. I didn’t know if it was due more to his interest or the fact that he didn’t want to discuss his last three years. I focused on the ease of his smile, on his hand firmly gripping mine.
When I began to hug myself from the chill, he insisted we go back in. We paused at the front walk.
“You don’t have to tell them anything you don’t want,” he said.
“He’ll be fine. And if not, he’ll just have to get used to it.”
“He’s not the forgiving type. I don’t want you to hurt anymore.”
“I can handle it. I promise.”
“You shouldn’t have to.”
“Are you feeling overprotective?”
“Yes.”
I smiled a little and squeezed his hand.
Luckily, when we went in, my father was talking work with Richard in the dining room. My gratitude swelled to include my brother-in-law. My mother was in the kitchen basting, and Evie sat in the living room with Father Thomas while Anna snoozed, curled into her fuzzy pink blanket on the floor. Poor Father Thomas. Evie was positively drilling him. She was sugar and spice mixed with a roofie.
“So, how do you know him?” she asked.
“I’ve known him since he was a boy. He was a student of mine.”
That made it sound like Jonathan had been a student as a child, not as an adult. I looked at Jonathan.
His lips twitched. “He didn’t lie.”
“Tottering on the edge?”
“It’s a fine line between honesty and loyalty.”
Evie took a breath between questions, and Father Thomas looked up. “Rebecca, please have a seat.” He stood in order to offer his seat, surely in an attempt to avoid Evie. Tottering usually involves falling at some point.
There was only enough room for one to sit. I wasn’t about to let go of Jonathan.
“Sit,” I ordered.
He grabbed me by the waist to pull me onto his lap. Even with other people in the room, a flush warmed my cheeks.
With a grin, he touched the pink with his fingertips.
I touched his skin as well. “You’re a little darker.” He’d been working outside much. Then I moved my fingers to his hair, still a bit long. I liked it that way.
“I’ve been busy,” he defended.
“Preoccupied?”
“Very.”
“The same Jonathan?” I’d almost forgotten Evie was there.
She was watching us. Father Thomas smiled to himself as he browsed the pictures on the mantle.
“Yes,” I said to Evie.
Jonathan looked at me curiously.
“It’s a long story,” I said, “long letters.”
He raised his eyebrows.
“I’ll show you later.”
He smiled. “More writing?”
Evie sounded impatient. “Are you going to tell me the story or not?”
I opened my mouth, with no idea how I was going to answer, how I was going to pacify.
“Evie,” our mother called, “will you please come help?”
She sighed then stood and disappeared into the kitchen.
Even with her absence, Father Thomas continued to politely ignore us.
“Father Thomas,” I said.
He turned, still smiling to himself. “Yes, Rebecca.”
“You’ll stay for dinner, won’t you?”
“Your mother already invited me.”
She’d always been the perfect hostess. My father on the other hand...
“Rebecca, shouldn’t you be helping you mother?” The discussions of business had apparently been completed for the day, or at least pushed aside for later.
“I’ll be fine,” Jonathan told me.
I spoke quietly to Jonathan. “You don’t have to tell him anything you don’t want.”
“He’s just concerned about you.” His tone was calm, but there was a tightening in his eyes, his jaw.
I kissed him once, while my father’s annoyance beat down on us, and went slowly to the kitchen. I picked up a bowl and started mixing, with no idea what it was I was mixing, and strained to hear the male voices.
Before voices, there was a faint rustling of fabric, surely Jonathan standing to meet my father’s gaze.
“Mightn’t we sit?” Father Thomas offered.
More rustling of fabric as at least two men sat. I knew immediately which seat my father chose, one of the armchairs opposite Jonathan so he could stare at him across the coffee table.
“If I am to trust your word pertaining to my daughter, I’d like to know who you are.”
“She and I met a few years ago on a train.”
“Chicago.”
“Yes, sir.”
My father paused. “And what made you appear out of thin air today of all days?”
“I have been enlightened to certain circumstances and could not in good conscience delay.”
“Circumstances?” He hated vague answers—I’d been lectured on that for years.
“I apologize but cannot explain further. It’s her decision to share what and when she wishes, but I beg that you trust I will not hurt her.”
“She was upset earlier,” he challenged.
“She’s much better now.” Jonathan’s voice lowered, more dangerous than I thought him capable. “She was more upset at her graduation.”
I gasped and dropped the spoon. It clattered with a metallic clang against the travertine floor and sent potatoes everywhere.
“It’s close enough,” my mother murmured to Evie then said louder, “Dinner’s ready.”
Evie was kind enough to wipe the potatoes off the floor while my mother and I went to the living room. She waited for my father, and I retrieved Jonathan by taking his hand. Richard still sat in the dining room cleaning up his papers. We ignored him and stood in the corner to speak quietly.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that,” he said.
“That was you?”
He squeezed my hand. “I haven’t always obeyed your request.”
On my toes, I pulled him into a tight hug. “I was so missing my two favorite men,” I murmured against his shirt. “It feels more special knowing you were there.”
His arms around my waist, he looked down at me. “He’s right, though. I have hurt you.”
“I’m the one who left.”
He opened his mouth then glanced over as Evie came in from the kitchen.
I chose our seats, keeping a healthy distance between my two favorite men. Father Thomas, at the end of the table opposite my father, said grace. Then he somehow managed to bring the group into a conversation, something about recent politics.
My hand slowly travelled to hold Jonathan’s hand as it rested on his leg. He ate most of the meal left-handed.
While my father debated something with Richard, Jonathan leaned closer to me and whispered, “I do love your hands.” He lightly touched my upturned palm, dragging his fingers down mine. I flipped my hand over so my fingertips brushed his inseam. His lips were still close to my ear. I heard his breaths increase.
“Turnabout is fair play,” I murmured.
He laughed quietly, then allowed his warmth to curl about my neck as he pressed his lips to my cheek, just once lightly. He sat straight to look at me, at my flush, and grinned. I smacked his ribs. His grin only brightened.
I did my best to ignore the tension emanating from the other end of the table. My father kept an eye on Jonathan, and it seemed as though Jonathan did everything possible not to acknowledge this fact, distracting himself by giving me attention, which only seemed to worsen my father’s attitude. But Jonathan’s attention was worth any price, even my father’s annoyance.
It was during dessert that my appreciation for my mother’s hostess skills reached a peak.
“Do you have some place to stay?” she asked both Father Thomas and Jonathan, while brushing off the look my father gave her.
Father Thomas answered. “Actually, I have a friend in town I’d like to visit, but I’m sure Jonathan would be bored with two old men discussing scriptures.”
“Bored by scriptures?” I teased Jonathan, and Father Thomas winked at me. Seriously, a priest just winked at me?
Then Jonathan shocked me again. “Abbas vel priest?” he said to Father Thomas.
I tilted my head curiously, and Jonathan murmured in my ear, “Father or priest?”
“Both,” Father Thomas answered.
“Gratias ago vos,” Jonathan said.
I figured that meant thank you.
I couldn’t tell what annoyed my father more—my mother or not understanding a conversation at his own table. He only knew Latin where it pertained to the law, and I was sure their discussion was nothing to do with Habeas Corpus.
“Please stay here, Jonathan,” my mother said. The way my father looked at her showed she had won the medal for his chief source of annoyance of the evening.
“Thank you, Mrs. Kendrick,” Jonathan said. “And for dinner as well.”
She smiled a little, and I watched, curious as to why she’d decided to disagree with her husband. They almost never disagreed. I’d spent years under the assumption she didn’t have her own mind, not really. She’d been the perfect mom, but I wondered if she was maybe a little weak. He always seemed to make the decisions—until Evie hit thirteen. He was set against her growing up at all until at least sixteen, no makeup, no hair dressers, no shaving her legs, no nail polish. But my mother argued. I’d listened to it with fascination, the way she obstinately held her position without raising her voice, without even a harsh tone. He gave in, and Evie made it through her teen years nicely. She would’ve definitely rebelled had my mother not allowed her to gradually grow into womanhood.
I hadn’t heard them disagree in years, not in anything other than card games—my mother cheated, but he could never catch her.
Father Thomas left shortly after dinner, after he ate two helpings of Evie’s pound cake.
“I’ll be back tomorrow morning to pick you up,” he said to Jonathan at the door.
“Bye, Father Thomas,” Evie said from the kitchen doorway. She liked anyone who liked her cooking. It was a good thing Father Thomas had eaten her pound cake, not her meatloaf.
Father Thomas smiled at her and then stepped out into the cool air.
“I’ll wash. You dry,” Jonathan said. Of course he’d noticed my mother’s gold-leafed china wasn’t the kind of thing you put into the dishwasher.
“As if I’m going to let you work.”
“You won’t let your mother to do it all, and I’m not leaving you.”
I was drying plates a minute later. Having a man in the kitchen felt odd.
“Were you a dishwasher in high school or something?” my mother asked, obviously impressed with his washing skills—and obviously joking.
“Yes, ma’am,” he said.
“Oh,” my mother mumbled. “Well, that explains it.”
My father huffed from the doorway. Jonathan didn’t look up, didn’t give any indication that he heard him. I knew he did. Part of me almost wished he hadn’t decided to stay. My father was probably just going to get worse.
Jonathan and I continued washing and drying. My parents moved their nonverbal discussion to verbal in the dining room. Even with their muted tones, I could still hear.
“What are you thinking? We don’t know him,” my father demanded of her.
“Haven’t you been watching her? I’ve never seen her smile like that.”
“At what price?”
“She’s smart, Donnie. I trust her judgment.”
Jonathan smiled to himself as he scrubbed the last pan.
I took the pan from him, and laid it on a towel, then held his hand to drag him out and up the back stairs. My room was mostly de-cheerleadered—no stuffed animals, except my couple favorites hiding in the closet, no pennants, no sparkly items at all, and certainly no pictures of boys. I’d given it all away, some of it to Evie. She liked sparkly.
He paused at the door, surely not wanting to annoy my father any further.
“Do you want to see the letters?” I said.
He walked in and sat on the edge of my bed.
I pulled the notebook of letters from my bag. He didn’t move from that spot on my bed for a while. He looked absorbed in the reading. He smiled and laughed at some of the letters. His eyebrows pulled together on others. And a few times he had to take a breath and clear his throat. That was fun to watch.
It was late into the evening by the time my mother came to my open door. “Jonathan, I have a room set up for you.”
He handed the notebook back to me and kissed my cheek. “Good night, my sweet Becca.”
I held onto his hand.
He smiled a little and leaned closer to kiss me once on the lips.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
JONATHAN

“Let me know if you need anything.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Kendrick.”
She left. I didn’t lie down. I knew I wouldn’t be able to find sleep tonight. It’d been so long since I’d slept without the aid of exhaustion, and my mind was entirely too busy for exhaustion. Her smile, her voice, that sweet laugh, the way she touched my hand with her fingertips. And her letters, so many letters, all for me, all to me. Thoughts of more days with her filled my mind, swirled my thoughts around until I started to feel as if I’d had a bit too much wine.
To be sure I would avoid Becca’s father. I sat to wait for her parents to go to bed before crossing the hall to clean up in the bathroom.
Once I heard her parents’ door close down the hall, I quickly slipped through the darkness. I borrowed a bit of toothpaste and did the best I could without a toothbrush, then splashed some water on my face. Damn, did I look scruffy. No wonder her father had taken an instant disliking to me. I hadn’t shaved since yesterday morning, which just matched my lack of haircut, and my clothes surely didn’t help. I wore my usual jeans and long-sleeve tee shirt. The shirt was newer, but the jeans weren’t. I certainly contrasted greatly with her sister’s husband who’d worn a suit to church. That was probably the kind of man he envisioned for Becca as well. I resolved to work to meet his expectations. The physical would be easy in comparison. It was shocking he hadn’t asked what I did for a living—perhaps my appearance gave it away—and the answer was sure to degrade his opinion further. For the first time in forever, I found some kind of ambition. I knew my goals, a plan already forming in my head, and a better mode of employment, a better means of supporting her, was one of the first things on the list. I had a fairly substantial education but had no idea how it would translate into the outside world. Desperate for her not to feel the need to work, to be able to do nothing but write, I knew I’d do anything, and hopefully, something with a little prestige for both her and her father’s sake.
I reined in my thoughts. I was getting ahead of myself. She was—I grinned in the mirror—she was mine, but not quite to that degree. I now had a clear path and a clear goal, but I needed to keep one foot on the brake.
I felt my foot slipping, though, when I started through the darkened hall for the guest room. She was walking toward me. I knew that face, and that camisole. She said nothing but took my hand. I could only follow as I fought to control my physical reaction. Her bedroom door closed, and she turned to brush her fingers down my arm and then move my hand to her waist. I gently pulled her closer, and her lips curved. Persuasion was not necessary tonight.
With my hand laced into her hair, I held her gaze. “Are you sure? Your family…”
“I really don’t care.” She rose on her toes to kiss under my jaw. “Unless it bothers you.”
Her one kiss erased my concerns, and I found her lips. She managed to remove my pants this time. Her clothing was long gone by the time I lay her on the bed.
My hand trailed down her skin as I marveled—still perfect—strong but soft and curved. My fingers lightly brushed against her as they moved from her stomach to her thigh, and her sigh shook as her eyes closed. I moved her leg to the side and then leaned closer, lying against her, while I caressed her skin with my lips. She still tasted of honey.
“Will you do it the same as last time?” she said.
Did she think it might hurt if we weren’t careful? I paused to meet her eyes. “Not since?”
Her smile was gentle. “No one but you.”
Keeping eye contact, I slid my fingertips down. Her chest expanded more quickly.
“I love you, Becca,” I murmured. I didn’t give her a chance to respond as her warmth enveloped me. I’d almost forgotten what it felt like to be with her, and watching her somehow made it feel even better. Despite this, it was easy to last, my attention focused more on her pleasure than my own, and hers appeared to be significant. Her voice grew louder as she sighed my name. She was obviously beyond caring that anyone might hear. I kept my mouth on hers, which also hid my grin. Eventually, we were both breathing too heavily. She moaned in my ear, her warm breath enflaming my skin.
I was lost in her, in her voice caressing my name, in the clinging of her hands and legs, in her affection. She showed me how much she loved me. It was overwhelming. Her hold tightened as her orgasm began. I watched her face, the way her head tilted back, the way her body tightened as if the pleasure was almost too much.
I couldn’t last past that.
She continued to cling to me, as I slowed then rested my forehead against her shoulder and caught my breath. My strength was gone.
I lay next to her, and she pulled the covers over us. She began caressing me to sleep.
“Tired?” she said.
I matched her grin.
She moved her lips to my ear. “Sleep. I promise to be here when you wake.”
I did find sleep but was unable to relax my hold, my arms tense, clinging even in unconsciousness.
The sun began to rise, the light filtering through my closed lids. I focused on her in my arms as she lay on my chest. My arms squeezed of their own volition, rousing her.
Her voice was subdued from sleep. “Told you I’d be here.”
“No escaping.”
I’d meant only to tease her, but she answered with, “Never.”
I searched for the mental brake pedal.
“Do you drink coffee?” I said.
She lifted her head, looking amused. “Juice.”
“I’m a fast learner. I’ll get all the details.”
“Do you want me to come with you?”
“I’m sure I can find it.” I was fairly confident no one would be about yet. I still wanted to avoid her father but also wanted to do for her, even the little things.
She slipped off me to lie on the sheets, not bothering with the pillow and seeming blissfully semiconscious. I retrieved my pants from the floor and thought about going for my shirt in the other room. I decided on speed instead. Moving as silently as possible, I descended the stairs and turned the corner into the kitchen to be met with controlled rage. Damn it. Why did he have to be an early riser?
I tried for manners. “Good morning, Mr. Kendrick.”
He only answered with a glare. I realized he knew where I spent the night.
I wasn’t going to deny it or play innocent but also wanted to avoid conflict. “Becca would like some juice.”
“What do you think you’re doing sleeping with my daughter under my roof?”
Okay, he wasn’t just pissed. He was fucking pissed, his skin ruddy and his hair about to stand on end. Where was his wife when he needed her, no, when I needed her?
Not about to back down or cower as he was obviously used to, I met his eyes and answered, “I am incapable of telling her no.”
His voice was a growl. “Are you suggesting my daughter is indelicate?”
Now I was almost as pissed as him, pissed that the thought even entered his head. “No, sir. She has always been chaste—but with me.”
“That doesn’t sound like an apology.”
“It’s not.”
Becca, my amazing Becca, chose that moment to appear, wrapping her arms around me, as if protecting. “Stop it, Daddy. I’m sorry I upset you, but don’t take it out on Jonathan.”
It killed me that she felt the need to defend me and took all the blame on herself. “Becca—”
She touched my lips. “You offered, and I said I didn’t care. And I still don’t.”
“I don’t want you to hurt anymore.”
“You can’t protect me from everything.”
My anger continued to build. I couldn’t tell if it was directed more at him or internally. She shouldn’t need protecting.
Her father’s anger, however, was specifically focused. I could almost feel the red dot on my head as his finger twitched on the trigger.
“That’s it,” he said. “What in the hell is going on, and I don’t want any more runaround.” Speaking to Becca, he continued. “First, you stop dating altogether and offer no explanation, and now some vagrant shows up whom you treat like some kind of hero. Who in the hell is he?”
The vagrant remark hurt, but I reminded myself of my current appearance, probably even worse after our long night and my lack of shirt.
“Jonathan,” she answered back.
“You don’t even know his last name, do you?” The man was entirely too quick.
“It doesn’t matter.” Her retort was muffled by the beginnings of tears. She was already plenty upset. I worked even harder to remain calm.
“Dammit, Rebecca, I thought you were smart,” he said.
“I know what’s right.”
“And yet you know nothing of him.”
Her tears now spilling, she pressed her face to my chest. I held her tightly and spoke in her ear. “Shall I explain?”
She didn’t answer for a few seconds then took a deep breath and looked up. “I suppose we have to.”
“You don’t have to do anything.”
Her father shifted in irritation.
Without acknowledging him further, I led Becca to the living room and kept her close to my side as we sat. He followed but didn’t sit at first. I just looked at him.
He submitted by taking the same armchair as yesterday. “What miraculous story is going to explain this away?”
So that Becca wouldn’t have to, I answered. “I told you that we met on a train a few years ago.”
“To Chicago.”
“From.”
I watched as the theories flew around in his head. “What happened on this train ride?” he said.
“I fell in love with her.”
“Is preying on young girls common practice for you?” he said. My scruff apparently made me look even older.
“I hadn’t seen any women in many years, nor have I since.”
He smirked. “I won’t trust as easily as she does.”
“All I can do is offer truth. You may do with it what you wish.”
“So, if you’re feeding me truth, where have you been all this time?”
“I didn’t know she felt the same.”
He paused as he continued to glare at me. “And what do you do for a living?”
“At the moment, general maintenance.”
He laughed under his breath. “At the moment.”
“I will provide for her.”
His voice shook from rage. “You think I’m letting this go any further?”
“Fortunately, it’s not your choice. I am obedient only to her, and now that I know she feels the same, I will not allow us to be separated.”
She squeezed me tighter.
He looked at her. “Is he the cause of your sudden insanity?”
Keeping her arms tight around me, she looked up, looked at him. “He showed me it’s okay to be me, and I thought you realized I was right.”
“That’s before I knew the cause.”
“What does that matter? You were happy with the effect before.”
“I don’t understand you, Rebecca. How could you allow someone to change you like this?”
“He didn’t change me. He helped me to be me.”
“And how did he manage this amazing feat in one day, in one train ride?” Then his eyes glazed, as if something clicked into place in his head.
“I love him,” she said. The way she looked at him was like a plea for him to understand.
He didn’t appear to hear her, to be paying any attention to her. Speaking under his breath, he muttered, “Chaste but with him. Never thought my daughter would act a whore.”
Her breath pulled in, shaking, and then stopped. I swore I felt her grow colder, as if he’d destroyed her with that one uttering. It took all my strength not to curse him to hell, not to beat the shit out of him.
I stood, pulling her up with me. “We’re done,” I growled.
She was barely supporting herself, so I picked her up and carried her toward the stairs. He said nothing more. I didn’t care if his silence was as a result of regret or anger.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
REBECCA

I was in Jonathan’s arms. I focused on that, forcing all other thoughts out. My eyes remained dry, blank but dry.
He took me to my room and sat on the bed with me on his lap, pressed to his chest.
“I’m so sorry, Becca.”
Why was he apologizing?
He took a breath. “He’d finally accepted your wanting to write, and I show up to ruin your relationship in one day.”
I stayed pressed to him. “I should’ve told them what was going on with me.”
“You shouldn’t have had to.”
I didn’t answer. He was right. My father should’ve been able to listen without prejudgment. How many times had he talked about not making assumptions about people?
“I want to get you out of here,” he said. “Would you like to shower before we go?”
The word we rang beautifully in my ears.
“Yes.” I wasn’t prissy anymore, but I was still a girl, a girl who would find it impossible to go out without bathing first.
“Good, because I look like shit. No wonder—” He cut himself short and then led me to the bathroom.
I held his hand before he could leave. “Stay,” I asked.
He sat with me while I showered. We didn’t talk much.
I knew he’d been hurt just as much as I had, and understanding the cause of his pain, I handed him my razor. “I think you look cute a little scruffy.”
“Thank you, Becca.”
I also gave him my toothbrush.
“Are you implying something?” he said.
I stood on my toes and kissed him once softly. He let me control the kiss, our touch, everything.
As he helped me pack my things, he asked when my father usually left.
“He should be gone by now,” I said, “but his car is still in the drive.”
He sighed.
We stopped at the guest room so he could put on his shirt and shoes, and then he led the way downstairs, carrying my bag and holding my hand.
He paused at the bottom. “Would you like to say goodbye to your mother?”
Before I could answer, both of my parents appeared from the kitchen. A wrinkle creased between her eyes, and her lips were thin. I couldn’t read him clearly.
“You’re leaving?” she asked. She’d already known I had to catch a bus this morning.
“I have to work tonight,” I said.
Jonathan kept his gaze on me, surely trying to avoid further conflict with my father.
My father took a step forward and addressed only me. “Hand me your bag. I’ll drive you to the station.”
“No thank you,” I said. “We’d rather walk.”
He stared at me, and the corner of his lip curled.
My mother stepped forward. “Please call,” she said to me.
“I will.”
“Thank you for your kindness, Mrs. Kendrick,” Jonathan added.
My father’s face hardened even more. He shifted to move closer. Jonathan stepped in front of me and continued to address my mother.
“You’ll be hearing from her soon.” He paused then added, “I promise to take care of her.”
My father’s eyes widened, like rocks falling away from the mouth of a volcano just before it erupts.
I pulled at Jonathan’s hand.
He backed out the door then held me close as we walked down the drive and then down the street, under the old maples that hovered over the sidewalk. Thankfully, none of the neighbors were out in their manicured lawns.
We turned a corner.
“Are you all right?” Jonathan said.
I squeezed tighter. “As long as you’re with me.”
We walked a few more feet before I added, “He’ll come around. He did last time.”
But I wasn’t really sure, and even if he did, I knew it would probably take a long time. His acceptance of just my wanting to write had taken years.
Before we made the block, Father Thomas pulled up. We crossed the street, and Jonathan opened the door, then slid into the back seat after me.
“He wouldn’t listen,” Father Thomas surmised as the car pulled away.
“No,” Jonathan said.
“I was afraid of that.” He turned the car around in a driveway then asked, “Where to? The station?”
“Yes,” Jonathan said then looked down at me, my head resting on his shoulder. “Do you still live in Charlottesville?”
“You’re coming with me.” It hadn’t sounded like he was attached to his current home or job, and I didn’t want him to feel awkward about figuring where he was going. He would’ve never invited himself.
Something in his eyes lightened.
“Should we go get your things first, though?” I added.
“I’m probably already fired from my jobs, but I suppose clothing and a razor would be useful.”
“I can get someone to cover my shift tonight.” Then I caught something he said. “Jobs, as in plural?”
“I’ve been busy.”
“Preoccupied.”
“The work was just a distraction from my preoccupation.”
“You’re only allowed one now. I’ll complete your distraction myself.”
He grinned.
Father Thomas pulled to a stop at the curb by the station and got out with us, and Jonathan went to get our tickets. I thought about giving him money at least to pay for mine but decided that would offend him.
“How do you do it?” Father Thomas asked, voice barely louder than the rumble of the several waiting buses.
“Do what?”
“You already know him so well,” he said. “You understand him better than even I do.”
“I don’t know.”
He laughed a little then turned more serious. “Thank you, Rebecca. I’ve been worried about him these last few years. I think I’ll finally be able to relax.” With a smile, he added, “And maybe I’ll be able to track him down more easily.”
From my little bag on the ground next to me I took a piece of paper and pencil to write my phone number.
“No tracking necessary,” I said as I handed it to him.
His smile strained with relief.
I took a breath and went on. “Thank you for everything, and not only for what you’ve done over the last few days. You’ve always been there for him.”
“I think it may be easier now.” He held up the piece of paper.
We waited for a few minutes in silence. I stared off toward where the buses sat waiting. My father’s voice began to permeate my mind, louder than the rumbling buses. I was able to block the words, the specific words, but it still started to hurt, an actual dull ache in the center of my chest. I prayed for Jonathan’s quick return.
“He’ll come around, Rebecca,” Father Thomas said.
My voice was just above a whisper. “I hope.”
“I can only imagine how difficult it must be to be a father to daughters, having that urge to protect but also wanting them to be able to stand for themselves. It must be a precarious balance.” He looked over at Jonathan’s approach. “Sons are hard enough.”
“Are you saying I’m difficult?” Jonathan said.
“You have your moments.”
Jonathan lifted his chin. Then he turned to me. “The bus is here. We only have a few minutes.”
Father Thomas walked us over to where it sat. It seemed louder than all the others.
“I expect a call once you reach Charlottesville,” he said to Jonathan.
“I’ll make him,” I assured.
“So, this is how it’s going to be.” Jonathan was grinning.
“Thank you,” I said again to Father Thomas then stepped forward to give him a hug. His hands only lightly touched me, as if he wasn’t used to receiving hugs. Right, he worked in a seminary with all men, not in a regular congregation.
Jonathan shook hands with him. Both their grips were strong, not like my father’s dominating way of shaking hands, but more like the intention of a hug was behind the grip.
Jonathan picked up my bag and held my hand as we boarded the bus.
We found a seat somewhere in the middle of the rows, and he stayed very close while we both watched. I watched Father Thomas waving at us as the bus pulled away, then the various views flashing by, and Jonathan watched me.
His presence and contact slowed the permeation, but it was inevitable, my father’s words ringing clearer. Part of me knew he wasn’t right, knew he couldn’t possibly understand, but the other part, the little girl who had grown up idolizing him and yearning for his approval, couldn’t stop from giving credence to anything he said. Even if he was only partially right, if I’d behaved as a...
My face crumpled, the tears already flowing, and I doubled over from the pain in my chest. Jonathan leaned over me and wrapped his arms around.
“I’m here,” he murmured.
“It hurts.” I’d gained the man I most wanted but lost the one I’d just earned back. Was that the rule, one for the other? But at least this time I had the benefit of Jonathan’s arms around me, comforting and fighting off the acceptance of my father’s words. Jonathan could never love a whore.
But the little girl kept crying. Even if I could fully believe he was wrong, it still hurt just as much. Nothing could dull the ache, the ache of his opinion plummeting, the ache from the fact that my daddy called me a whore.
“He’s wrong Becca.” He pulled me to his chest while he rested his head against mine. “He doesn’t understand.”
“You don’t think—” I couldn’t finish the sentence.
“You’ve only ever been with one man and only twice.”
“But it was only one day.”
“Time isn’t always relevant. It’s not the only factor. People don’t understand what’s possible, can’t comprehend what can be accomplished in one day. Remember Genesis.”
“That’s different.”
“You think He didn’t have a hand in this, in our meeting, in the timing? When we most needed each other, most needed to hear what the other had to say, we were brought together, and in such a way that was unstoppable.” He stroked my hair with a gentle hand. “I would love you no matter, but if you hadn’t captured my attention from afar, if He hadn’t used my attraction, sitting you in that exact spot and pulling the clouds back to shine the sun down on you, I wouldn’t have allowed myself to talk to you, to come to understand how much I need you.”
The ache was still there, would probably always be there. I could feel, could actually touch the exact spot where my father’s words had pierced, but Jonathan’s words, his love, was like a layer covering, a bandage concealing an ever-present wound, stopping the spill of my blood, of my self-worth.
By the time we made it to Harrisburg, he had my face un-crumpled and my eyes still red but dry. I lay with my head on his lap while he stroked my hair, pulling his fingers slowly through. The bus squealed to a stop, and we waited for the other passengers to leave first. A couple people stared as they passed but turned their heads as soon as they met Jonathan’s eyes. Apparently, his eyes weren’t always kind.
I didn’t argue when he hailed a cab but did hope it wasn’t a long ride. I knew if he’d been alone, he would’ve walked, and I didn’t like the extra expense because of me. But again, I didn’t want to offend him, didn’t want to step on his pride, and I couldn’t help but to love that he wanted to take care of me.
His apartment was one of many contained in a large old house with flaking blue paint. His tiny basement space was cool and damp with no windows and a cement floor, a perfectly ordered cell. I thought it wouldn’t take long to pack him but certainly longer than five minutes. He put his jeans and plain cotton shirts in a duffle then grabbed soap and a razor from the bathroom before asking if I was ready.
“That’s it?” I said. “Nothing else is yours?”
“The apartment was rented furnished.”
“The blankets?”
“Surely, the next tenant will appreciate them. We don’t have much time before our next bus.”
I allowed him to lead but paid closer attention to how he paid the cab driver. He helped me from the car and then pulled cash from his pocket that had been paper-clipped to his license. Before he put the odd little bundle back in his pocket, I snatched it.
“So that’s your last name,” I said.
“What’s in a name?”
“You’d smell just as sweet with any other.”
He laughed.
“You know that was hardly worth the trip,” I said as we walked toward the bus station. The price of the tickets had to be about equivalent to the value of the contents of his duffle.
“But I stole another day with you,” he said.
In the middle of the crowded station packed with travelers returning from their Easter trips, I stopped. There was no way I could not hug him. I had a feeling that would be happening a lot.
It felt surreal when he walked into my apartment with me, like the walls who had seen me cry over him so many times were staring. I felt the urge to say, “Yes, this is really him,” to both the walls and myself.
He stopped to take a look around, and I grabbed his bag to put his things away in the dresser.
He stood behind me. “Are you having fun?”
He had no idea. “Yes.”
After kissing my neck, he turned to complete his tour. “Hm. He was right. Almost the same.”
“But now you have a window.”
“And art,” he said as he looked at the one thing on the wall. “It reminds me of—”
“Me too.”
We hadn’t eaten all day, and there was no way I was about to allow him to lift a finger. But he also didn’t seem to like the idea of my working too hard, so I made him a simple dinner of Ramen noodles. I apologized for not having something better.
“Dinner of champions,” he said.
“I thought that was Wheaties.”
“That’s breakfast.”
Dinner was quiet, the comfortable kind, and then we sat on the bed and talked forever about everything, about what we had done in our time apart, and started touching on our thoughts for the future. I was careful. I knew he was the only man I could ever want, but I was concerned about rushing him and also knew my father had hurt him as well, hurt his pride.
He talked about finding a job—he used the word career at one point. Something about the way he said it hardened with determination. I didn’t need money or for him to have some fancy job title, but I didn’t say anything about that. I knew he felt a need to raise his social status, and I knew it wasn’t only for me. It was to prove my father wrong.
When we finally did lie down, he pulled me tightly to his chest—nothing more, nothing but a kiss on the cheek.
“I love you, Becca.”
I clung to him. “I love you so much.”
“Perhaps we’ll wake to a pleasant morning this time.”
“We’re owed it.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
JONATHAN

The sun began to stream fuzzy light through the window. I focused on lying perfectly still, on not rousing her, absorbing the fact that we were together, indefinitely together.
Lying on her side facing me, she had her cheek pressed to me, and her hair spilled across the sheets behind her. Just as I was admiring how perfectly it lay, like one of those fan-shaped paint brushes, the sun, as it rose, touched it and then continued to move, touching her skin. She couldn’t be real.
She lay pressed to me, and I had to close my eyes to block the vision of her and focus on not rousing her with a different kind of movement. She wasn’t ready to be with me again, and I was not going to request it, in any way. But then, half awake, she reached to meet my lips. It was just one simple kiss, but I had to roll to my back. I kept her cheek pressed to me but also bent my knee, pulling the blankets to conceal.
“Do you drink coffee?” she asked.
With a smile, I opened my eyes.
“Right,” she said, “you didn’t have a coffee pot. Um, water and toast?”
Her cabinets were almost as bare as mine had been.
“Wait here,” I said then slid out of bed, and turned quickly, hoping she didn’t notice my arousal.
I threw on shoes and ran down to the corner store to get her juice and a bag of bagels, as well as a newspaper for me. It felt weird not to knock when I returned, but I figured I’d get over that quickly.
She was still in bed as ordered but sitting up reading, reading what was usually in my back pocket. I’d left it on the night stand.
I put the bag on the little kitchen table and sat next to her.
She held up the note, the abused folded notebook page. “Is this…”
It was amusing she hadn’t opened it out of respect for my privacy.
“I told you I read those few words often,” I said.
She sat up on her knees and reached for a hug. It seemed involuntary, like she couldn’t not hug me.
I maintained the hug and pulled her onto my lap. “It’s a good morning so far.”
“Just don’t answer the phone.”
“Or the door.”
The rest of the morning passed. We talked over breakfast—our avoidance of the topic of her family started to disturb me. Then we took turns showering. I browsed her bookshelf while she was in the bathroom. Her taste was diverse, and I found myself smiling at the titles, everything from those considered to be serious literature to contemporary young adult fiction. So, this was how she was able to understand everyone no matter age or position in society. But then I disciplined myself to focus on the newspaper, my resolve strengthening when I saw her in her work uniform. It was only black slacks and a button-down shirt. I hated it.
We both left early. I was hell-bent on employment, any kind of employment for now, and I’d keep looking for something better. She said she wanted to go to the library before her lunch shift. She also said she’d be late because she was working the dinner shift as well. I desperately tried not to show my frustration. I loved that she was a hard-worker but despised the fact that she felt the need to be.
I spent the day either on a bus, walking, or filling out applications. I focused on maintenance positions since that was where my most recent experience lay, though I didn’t have much in the way of references since I’d abruptly left my last three positions. On the last entry in the paper, I was about to start going door-to-door when I was hired on the spot by a desperate community center director. She talked with me for a few minutes, glanced at my application, and asked if I could start now. Apparently, the last man had had to be fired, and there were several problems, everything from a roof leak dripping dirty water into the pool to the lock of the girls’ bathroom door being broken. She looked like she was about to kiss me when I said I could do it and beside herself with gratitude by the time I left for the day.
I was more relieved than excited to tell Becca. Not wanting her to ride the bus alone at night, or any other time for that matter, I went to her work and sat at the smoke-filled bar to wait for her. She came out of the kitchen carrying a tray. When she saw m, her smile sparkled.
Watching her was an odd combination of torture and pleasure. I hated seeing her serve others. It was wrong to see her carry heavy trays and fetch napkins, to see her have to clean the drink spilled by a screaming toddler. But watching how she handled people, especially men, took the edge off, and did a much better job than the wine I was sipping. She didn’t flirt but was sweet and genuinely kind, so everyone either flirted with her or treated her as they would a daughter or granddaughter. I didn’t particularly like the flirting part, but she caught my eye here and there and grinned or winked, reminding me with whom she was going home.
Apparently, the bartender, a young man with a strong build, didn’t notice that part.
“I wouldn’t get your hopes up,” he said as he poured a shot for another customer. “She doesn’t date.”
I squelched my grin and turned to him. “Perhaps she’s just particular.”
He laughed sarcastically, and when I pulled out my Book, he turned and cleared his throat as if camouflaging another laugh.
I didn’t get around to reading the type. The clean, unruffled paper tucked into the pages caught my attention.
An amendment to the first, something that was felt and should have been written: I love you. I have always loved you. I will always love you. No escaping.

Delicate fingers brushed down my back, and I turned to catch a glimpse of her as she passed on the way to the kitchen.
The bartender didn’t catch that either.
As the restaurant emptied, the bartender must’ve realized I was waiting for her, and he waited to watch the show, to watch me be rejected. She came out of the back with her bag over her shoulder and bounded into my arms. I shouldn’t have enjoyed the look on his face that much, and then she kissed me, not deep but with softly parted lips.
“Maybe I should start hitting church,” he muttered as he sulked through wiping the bar.
Becca seemed genuinely proud of me for finding work so quickly. I had the feeling she would’ve been proud no matter. I continued to look for something better, but that proved much more challenging. I wasn’t sure what I was qualified for, and employers didn’t know what to make of my résumé. Who applies for work with a seminary degree? If I heard the question “Are you a priest?” one more time, I wasn’t sure if my response would be very polite. It was a fair question, I supposed, but wasn’t the answer fairly obvious?
Then the director of the community center came to me one day, again looking desperate. I was hanging a bulletin board in the main hall and turned to see her frantic expression.
“Jonathan, I hate to ask you but…” Her salted hair literally frazzled as she spoke.
“What do you need, Mrs. Porchesky?”
“Um, well, didn’t I read on your application that you attended...” She whispered the last word as if it were a secret. “Seminary?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“I hate to ask. You already do more than you have to, but Diane quit this morning. Something about a job and her husband and moving...”
“You need someone to cover her class.” I wasn’t sure about the idea, having never considered teaching, but if it was only one day surely I could help, right?
She accepted the offer before it was made and ushered me into the classroom filled primarily with golden girls and a few housewives. Having seen me in the halls, on ladders, and under sinks, they all stared, obviously wondering why Mr. Fix-it stood at the front of the room.
“Do you need—” Mrs. Porchesky began.
I pulled what I needed from my back pocket.
She left, abandoning me, and I turned to the gawking, incredulous faces.
“Can someone tell me what you were working on?” I asked.
I waited patiently until one of the golden girls, her eyes narrowed, said, “Obadiah.”
With Becca’s notes slipped back into my pocket, I turned to that book. Before I could start, the same woman asked, “Is this a joke? Where’s Diane?”
“I believe she’s moving.”
Her eyes were still narrow. Whispers started in the back of the room.
“Surely a group such as you,” I said, “interested in studying the word of God, won’t judge, won’t make a predetermination based solely on a person’s apparent skill set and occupation.”
The whispers stopped, and by the end of the hour, the faces were no longer incredulous. We managed an interesting conversation filled with questions. It was more fun than I’d thought it’d be. It brought me back to my schooling—specifically, back to Father Thomas’ classes. I found myself mimicking his style of teaching, not telling but trying to find the right questions to ask, giving them enough background and information to help them think through the meaning for themselves.
After wishing each of them a nice day, I headed back down the hall to resume my work. Marge, my “assistant” from the class whom her friends called Margie, was talking with Mrs. Porchesky at the front desk.
“Diane’s moved?”
“She and her husband were offered a joint position, and they had to decide quickly.”
“Will you forward something to her if I bring it to you?”
“Certainly.” Mrs. Porchesky was usually exceptionally polite and calm, until something went wrong.
Marge took a step away then stopped to add, “You should keep Jonathan.”
She was not the overly complimentary type, so coming from her that was huge.
I was offered the class in addition to my other work. It was a very small increase in pay, hardly worth mentioning, but a distinct step in the right direction.


CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
REBECCA

I woke with a start in the middle of the night, as I’d done for the past several weeks. There were two distinct and contrasting causes— my dreams veering in one direction or the other, to one man or the other. My dreams of Jonathan were happy, too happy, and I would wake breathing heavily and my body warm. We hadn’t had sex or done anything other than lightly kiss since he came back with me, and I was learning that repressing desire while the object of my desire lay in bed next to me was infinitely more difficult than it’d been when I was alone. He usually woke with me, but when he didn’t, I found myself staring at him. The weather had turned warmer, so he’d begun sleeping without a shirt. This did not help. I couldn’t quite pinpoint what it was about him. It was more than just that he was muscular. There was something about his shape, some long lost artistry of the male physique, something that wasn’t forced but earned.
One night, while watching him, I touched his hair, and he opened his eyes to meet mine, the piercing black clearly visible in the moonlight.
Touching my face with his fingertips, he said, “I love you.”
I didn’t know what to say. I wanted him so much, wanted him to make love to me, wanted to know that contentment without it being interrupted by an unpleasant morning, but the words kept coming back. They were dulled most of the time, but at night my guard fell, allowing blood to seep from under the bandage.
“Not until you’re ready,” he said.
The tears had spilled that night but slower, not like tonight. I could hear with perfect clarity, the disappointment, the razor edge of disgust in my father’s tone. I was curled up, my knees pulled to my chest, and my face was covered, my hands pressed to my ears as if that could block it.
Jonathan woke and wrapped himself around me. He gently moved my hand so he could speak in my ear. His voice helped to drown my father’s, and he talked as long as I needed. He said anything, anything that might comfort me, always starting with “I love you” and “sweet Rebecca” and “I’m here,” and then if I needed more, he moved to Verse. Tonight was the Book of Rebecca. I loved hearing her and Isaac’s love story, that feeling of love at first sight. It reminded me of what Jonathan told me, that God had a hand in all of this, and this helped me find hope.
Eventually, he succeeded in stopping the tears and helping my body unclench, and exhaustion found me. I knew he didn’t sleep but watched over me, still tightly wrapped around.
I woke to the alarm clock.
After clicking it off, he returned to me.
We lay in silence for a few minutes.
“You have to get up,” I eventually said. He was never late for work, and I didn’t want him to be because of me.
“It’s not getting better. You’re okay during the day but not at night.”
I wanted to say “I’m sorry,” but he wouldn’t have liked that. I knew he hated seeing me upset, and hated it even more when I felt badly about it.
“I was thinking,” he said. “All those years you wrote to me, did that make it easier?”
I paused to think. “I could try.”
We did get up, and while he was in the shower, I pulled a new notebook off the shelf, then sat at the table to stare at a blank sheet. What was I supposed to write? It hadn’t been like this with Jonathan. I’d known what to write, though it’d been difficult to put on paper. Was it because Jonathan hadn’t hurt me? Maybe it was more difficult because my father had hurt Jonathan as well. I was angry at him for that. The more I let myself think about it, I realized I was irate. Only half my problem was pain.
Jonathan offered to stay home and insisted that I not go to work if I didn’t want, but I insisted that he go. He loved his Bible study class, and Marge would never forgive me if I kept him from it. I’d only met her once, but the woman scared me a little. He obeyed but made me some toast and poured me some juice first.
“I love you. Call me if you need anything.” He kissed me once, and the door clicked shut behind him.
Thinking of what my father had done and then feeling Jonathan’s kindness, put the two in stark contrast. I brooded over that while I forced down the toast.
The opening was actually easy. I still loved him so kept the “Dear” but he couldn’t be “Daddy” or even “Dad” right now. The rest wasn’t as easy. To write what I felt made it more concrete, and I felt like a bad daughter for feeling it.
Dear Father,
I’m disappointed in you. I’m angry at you. I used to trust your judgement of character, but now I don’t know what to trust. I’m astounded at your gross incomprehension, at your jump to conclusion. How could you not see? Yes, he lives simply, but that doesn’t make him simple. And even if he were simple, what would that matter? Isn’t being a good person more important? You used to say that, used to reinforce our Sunday school lessons, but you can’t seem to practice what you preach. Jonathan says you were just trying to protect me, but I can’t be sure. Has your pride succeeded in overshadowing your conscience? You used to feel pride because you defended innocent people. I wonder if the source has changed.
That just covers the disappointment. I’m angry—I’m downright pissed that you could think, let alone say, that he was preying on a young girl. He only allowed it because I asked, and he tortured himself by staying away so I wouldn’t feel guilt about his decisions. As soon as he learned how I felt, he was there for me without delay. He knew I was hurting and drove through the night to get to me, to make it right. He loves me more than himself. I know you feel that way about Mom. Don’t I deserve that too? Aren’t I good enough?

I feared his answer so stopped writing. I couldn’t broach that topic yet, but I did feel a certain release at voicing my anger, at defending Jonathan. Defending myself would take more effort. I couldn’t believe one hundred percent that he wasn’t right.
That night Jonathan came to the restaurant as usual when I worked the dinner shift. He always watched but never spoke, so I was surprised when he caught me and pulled me into the corner by the bar. I had to suppress the giggle.
He traced my features, temple, cheekbone, lips. “It helped,” he said, “not gone but better.”
I wrapped my arms around his neck and murmured, “Thank you,” before meeting his lips, and not lightly this time.


CHAPTER THIRTY
JONATHAN

The bartender peeked around the corner. “Boss is on the floor.”
I let her slip out from between the wall and me. I couldn’t move quite yet myself. She laughed then kissed my cheek before hurrying back to her tables.
The bartender was still there. “Man, you gotta teach me your secret. How’d you land a girl like her?”
“I have absolutely no idea.”
He walked away grumbling something about little black Books.
She was definitely better, but I had the feeling the really difficult part was yet to come. She was tired but not dead on her feet when we returned home, so I suggested she write some more. She had me sit on the bed and then changed into pajamas—while I focused on the opposite wall—and crawled up to sit between my knees and lean back against my chest.
I hugged her tightly around the midsection while she opened to the next page of her notebook.
She took a breath.
“I’m here for you,” I said.
“Exactly,” she said and then started writing.
Dear Father,
Jonathan loves me. That’s my proof. It may not mean anything to you, but it’s everything to me. He’s everything to me. You of all people should understand loving someone that much. He could never love a—
“You don’t have to write it,” I said.
“It helps if I get the hardest stuff on paper.” Then she wrote the word: “whore.”
While continuing to look at the paper, she asked, “Have you ever been with one, with someone like that?”
She had to ask that question. I understood why, but that didn’t make the answer any easier.
I sighed. “Yes.”
“What was she like?”
I allowed the singular. “Not like you.”
She waited for a more complete answer. She didn’t like vague answers any more than her father did, but I was capable of refusing him.
“She dressed like it,” I said, “tight and revealing, even in winter. Everything was overdone in an attempt to be more attractive, to gain as much male attention as possible, but she looked trashy instead of beautiful.” I touched Becca’s clean skin. “I prefer you without the makeup, but when you used to wear it, you were still beautiful.” I still wouldn’t have been able to stop staring at the train station if she had looked like her driver’s license photo.
Her lips curved a bit, but she continued to wait. I knew it wasn’t the answer she was trying to get.
“She was—” No, I had to be completely honest. “They knew so much. They knew more about the male body than I did. In the moment, I didn’t care, but I couldn’t respect them, could never actually date them.”
“Did I…?”
“You hardly know anything, but that just makes your touch that much more enjoyable. Especially that first time, you were so careful as if you were scared to hurt me. I wasn’t sure what was exciting me more, your delicate hands or knowing that I was the first man you had touched.”
She turned her head, as if surprised I understood so much.
“You had seen a man but never felt him,” I said, “nor had you ever been touched like that. The simplest things gave you so much pleasure. Watching you, learning what you like at the same time you learn it yourself, is incredibly enjoyable.”
“I know you said it didn’t matter that it’d only been one day, but at the time…” She turned back to the notebook. “What did you think?”
“After I made the decision, I didn’t think much of anything.”
“What about before, when I showed up at your compartment? You didn’t know I loved you.”
So I could see her face more clearly, I pulled her hair back to tuck it behind her ear. “I was desperately trying to cling to my self-control. I was already”—I attempted polite—“stimulated before you came to my door. I almost didn’t open it—I was on the verge of losing it. I couldn’t get the scent of you out of my head, or the taste of you off my tongue. I actually brushed my teeth in the attempt. It felt like you’d saturated my being, and I was about to implode from the effort of trying to push you out. I’m not sure how I resisted as long as I did.”
“Was it like before, with the others? In the moment you didn’t care?”
“It was more than just physical. You had permeated. That was part of the reason it was so difficult. I wanted you but was also marveling that you could want me in any way. At first, I thought it was like it was for you before, that you liked me but deep down you knew it wasn’t what you wanted. Then I looked at you more closely.” Keeping one arm at her waist, I wrapped the other around her shoulders to hold her as tightly as possible. “I was making you cry. I was upsetting you by resisting, and seeing your tears, understanding what I felt at seeing your tears, made me realize why it was so difficult to resist. Time didn’t matter. The concept was obsolete. Your impact is not to be measured by hours. All my plans didn’t make sense anymore. What had been a Michelangelo, clear and understandable, was now a Picasso. I couldn’t see where I was going, but I knew what I wanted. I wanted the perfect, sweet girl standing in front of me, the girl whom I’d managed to affect as well. I was positive you couldn’t feel the same, but the fact that you cared enough to want to be with me, to allow me to be your first, was indescribable. I trusted you, trusted your goodness, your judgment. The thought that you were anything other than refined and discriminating was ludicrous, and knowing that, trusting that, made me feel that there must be something about me, something innately good.”
Her tears didn’t hurt this time. I knew the quiet moisture was solely as a result of relief, and I continued quietly in her ear. “I love you, Rebecca. I have never loved anyone else, and you’re right, I could never love anyone less.” Smiling, I added, “My standards are too high.”
Her laugh was muffled.
“Are you ready to finish the letter?” I said.
She moved to lean forward, and I slid my arm back around her midsection.
She continued to write.
You used to be the person I trusted the most. I trusted you to tell me the truth even when it wasn’t pleasant, and that’s what I thought you were doing. But I don’t trust you anymore. It comes down to believing Jonathan or believing you, and he knows me better than you ever have. I tell him everything, even those unpleasant truths, and he loves me still. He treats me like some kind of goddess. The way he looks at me, even when I wait tables, makes me feel special, like he’s never known anyone like me.
So if you disagree with my choices, if you look down on me, I don’t care. Jonathan trusts that I’m good, that I’m worth keeping, and I pray to be able to keep him forever.
She rested back against me, as if writing it had taken everything out of her.
“Better?” I murmured against her cheek. How did she still smell that good? Better than any flower. After reading her thoughts, especially that last line, I was finding it more difficult than usual to keep myself under control.
“Much,” she said. “Thank you.” I knew that voice. And then she wrapped an arm around my neck, encouraging my mouth to meet her skin.
My reaction was immediate and not to be controlled. I was sure she had to be able to feel it. Her grin served as confirmation.
“Was it that easy with the others?” she teased.
“Nowhere near. I was a teenager who just wanted sex, but now I only want you.” My lips brushed against her skin. “Just the sight of you is all I need.”
She twisted to face me then pushed me down to lie on my back. Lips parted and soft, she met mine, only once. I was definitely losing my grip.
“Just the sight?” she asked.
“Yes,” was all I could force out.
“What about when I’m old?”
My heart pounded for more than one reason. Was she ready? Was she trying to tell me she was ready?
“I’m seven years older,” I said. “You’ll always be young to me.”
“Always,” she whispered against my mouth.
I knew what I wanted to do, knew the time was right, but it involved letting go. I was unsuccessful for several minutes.


CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
REBECCA

He rolled me to my back and continued, but his frame was tense, as if he was trying to stop himself. Any fathomable reason for stopping had escaped the range of my consciousness, so I held on.
Moving to my neck, he murmured, “I want to do something first.”
My range of consciousness expanded in a jolt. I understood.
He stood and pulled me to sit on the edge of the bed. Then he went to the dresser while I watched, confused. He kept an envelope tucked in the drawer, Rose’s letter. Of course, I’d never opened it, never thought it contained anything else until he let something slide into his palm.
He knelt in front of me, and there were no tears, only my attempt to control the brightness of my smile. I was not successful with this.
On one knee, he sat back as if lowering himself before me. “I will always love you,” he said, “and I will do everything possible to protect you from pain.”
I slid my fingers down his skin and across his stubble.
He looked up at me with those piercing black eyes, softened somehow. “Will you marry me?”
I paused to admire him, to admire that look in his eyes. His smile grew with every second.
“Yes.” I slid to the floor with him to retrieve my kiss.
He managed to hold my attention thoroughly, and I didn’t notice what else he was doing, that he had slipped the ring on my finger, until he asked, “Do you like it?”
It’d been Rose’s, so I would’ve loved it no matter. I looked at my left hand to see the prettiest antique gold, a little worn from years of love, the crevices in the design in the band darkened. The solitaire, however, sparkled in the light. The contrast was perfect.
“I love it,” I said.
“We can have it cleaned if you wish.”
“I like a little scruff, remember?” I pulled my fingers through his hair. He looked to be thinking of another question.
“Ask,” I said.
He grinned but hesitated.
“You know my answer will be yes.”
He held my hands. “Go for a ride to Baltimore?”
I stood and kept his hands to pull him up. “Give me five minutes.”
After cleaning up and brushing my hair, I threw on jeans and flip flops then grabbed a garment bag from the closet.
“Ready,” I said then dragged him out the door, while he grinned.
We were lucky and only had to wait fifteen minutes for a bus. We had to switch buses in D.C. He seemed nervous at our being so close to my family, but I diverted his thoughts, causing the few other travelers to gawk.
Jonathan called him while on the bus, and Father Thomas met us in Baltimore. He didn’t say anything other than a smile and a greeting.
Once in the car driving down the darkened road, Jonathan addressed Father Thomas. “What, no premarital counsel?”
“You already know everything I’d say anyway.” His eyes smiled back at us through the rearview mirror.
It was the middle of the night by the time we arrived at the church. Father Thomas had managed to wrangle some witnesses, ready with cameras, a couple old ladies chattering excitedly.
Jonathan waited in the vestibule while I changed into my dress, the only one I’d saved. I hadn’t been able to part with it, my absolute favorite. It was silvery, pale cream silk in a simple cut that flared at the waist, flowing to mid-calf. I laughed when I realized I didn’t have shoes.
“I forgot,” I said when he glanced at my bare feet. Flip flops certainly never would’ve done.
“You look beautiful.”
He opened the door then walked with me hand in hand down the long, ornately pillared center aisle, no music or grand entrances necessary.
Father Thomas eyed Jonathan before starting.
“You always said I’d be the priest in jeans,” Jonathan said, “but I’ll be the groom instead.”
“Hold this,” Father Thomas said as he handed him his Bible. He slipped his jacket off and gave it to Jonathan, who looked amazing in black. His eyes were even more piercing.
Nodding in approval, Father Thomas said, “Better,” then opened his Bible.
Jonathan held me close to his side, kissing my hair every so often, and I ended up with my arms wrapped around his waist.
“Do you have the ring?”
Jonathan opened his mouth to answer, but Father Thomas, with his eyes on the page, murmured, “Breast pocket.”
Jonathan pulled out two gold bands and turned to Father Thomas.
“What’s a priest supposed to do with wedding bands?” Father Thomas said.
“Thank you, Father.”
“You’re welcome, my son.”
As he slid the ring onto my finger Jonathan explained. “They were his parents’.”
The kiss lasted longer than intended. Father Thomas cleared his throat, lips twitching.
We were back on one of the rumbling monsters before dawn. The journey home was fun in a way but entirely too long. Of course, we couldn’t let go of each other, and the constraint of the bus driver’s curious gaze was incredibly frustrating.
The walls of the apartment stared again, but I was too busy being kissed to notice. I wasn’t even sure if the door got locked. Instead of stumbling to the bed, he apparently decided it easier just to carry me. As we removed clothes the full realization hit. We were married. I would always get to keep him and never feel guilt for being with him. It’d been impulsive, but it was exactly what I’d been hoping for, dreaming for.
“Always,” I murmured when his lips slid to my neck.
“No escaping.”
He pulled his shirt off over his head, and then continued down my already bare chest, one hand working on the removal of my pants.
He grinned against my skin. “Are you sure you want it?”
“I’m going to explode soon.”
“At least you haven’t had to hide an erection several times a day.”
Brushing my hand down his skin, I moved it to the hardness at the front of his pants. “We’ll be using those several erections.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
JONATHAN

The sun was rising, filling the room with sunlight, illuminating my goddess as she used me to please herself. Her hands on my chest, she straddled my hips and moved slowly, thoroughly enjoying every inch. Eyes closed, her head tilted back as she moaned my name. I hadn’t thought I could be any more aroused.
One hand on her hip, I felt her steady movement, and the other slid from her neck down, curving about her breasts. She couldn’t be real. All of this had to be my imagination. She couldn’t really be my wife. I hadn’t even allowed myself to imagine it. The thought had been there, had been there for so long, but it was just a wish, a vague fantasy.
Then my hand slid to hers to feel her rings, the rings I had given her.
She melted forward, meeting my eyes as she continued. I loved that look. I’d seen it so many times. Now I fully understood. I hadn’t realized on the train, but I should have, should have seen it was more than only friendship mixed with attraction.
“I love you,” she said, as if reading my thoughts, then moved her lips to my neck.
“Becca,” I murmured, unable to phrase a sentence.
Her cheek lifted against mine. “Good?”
She pressed at the same time. All I could do was moan.
We were wrapped around each other for hours, but she found two minutes to call in sick for me, teasing that she was going to tell Mrs. Porchesky I was too busy getting laid. The woman would’ve turned nothing short of puce, but Becca was too sweet to say that to anyone else, though she enjoyed shocking me on occasion.
Becca continued to shock me, shock me with her energy. I wasn’t sure what I enjoyed more, watching as she learned what we each liked or that she learned so well. She was the best I’d ever had, and yet she improved every night.
I knew she was happy, but she didn’t talk much with her family, only her mother and sister. The conversations sounded to be chopped, nothing of importance, other than Anna. She seemed to be the easiest subject, the one thing everyone could be excited about. Of course, I appreciated that her niece was important to Becca, but it continued to disturb me that she felt she couldn’t share.
“I’m sorry,” she said when she turned to see I’d arrived home, and she realized I’d heard her and her mother’s conversation. The conversation had centered solely on Evie and Anna. There had been opportunities for her to insert something of herself, something of us, but she hadn’t taken them.
She stood from the kitchen table but hesitated to come to me.
“Come here,” I said as I reached a hand out.
I caught her in a hug. She silently clung for several minutes.
“I’m sorry,” she murmured. “It’s not because I’m not proud of you. It’s just…”
“I understand,” I said. “I know you’re happy with me.”
She looked up as if begging me to know that.
“I know you, Becca. You can’t hide from me.” I smiled a little. “You never could.”
A smile struggled against the stress on her face.
“They don’t know we’re married,” I said. “Yes, I’d like them to. I’d like if you felt you could share, but I understand why you can’t.”
Her father would go ballistic. I knew the real problem wasn’t her not wanting to feel his anger. She didn’t want him to feel it, didn’t want to cause his or anyone else’s stress. It was the same thing she’d done her entire life, and now she was trying to protect me as well.
She didn’t answer and couldn’t seem to let go of me.
Something that helped her, that helped both of us, was her blossoming friendship with Father Thomas. They talked often and seemed mostly to talk about me—to my annoyance. Well, not annoyance exactly, more like exasperation. How were stories of my years in seminary interesting? He also picked up on more, read between the lines. He talked to me often as well, usually during my breaks at work.
“She doesn’t talk about them,” he said.
I walked around the side of the building, away from the others also on their lunch break. The smell of smoke made me sick.
“I know,” I said.
“Even with our hours of conversation, I don’t know anything about them, except—”
“Anna.”
“Her niece,” he said. “I wouldn’t even know their names if I hadn’t already met them. The little I observed in those few hours is all I know. I care for her. I wish I could help her open up, help her deal with it. She’d feel better if she talked about it.” He sighed. “Does she at least talk to you?”
“Some,” I said, “but I won’t push her.”
He paused. “None of this is your fault, Jonathan.”
“I know.”
It didn’t stop the guilt though. Rationally, I knew she’d been pushed, but I still felt that I took her from her family. She’d managed to make amends—through her writing, by showing who she really was. I knew if her father could see her, could really see all of her, he would have no choice but to reach out. He couldn’t see, though. For whatever reason, he was blind to her, to her beauty, and my appearance had ensured his continued blindness.
“Well,” he said, “make sure you take good care of her.”
“I do.”
“And thank her for me for getting you a cell phone.”
“How do you know I didn’t buy it?”
He laughed. The man was entirely too damn smart.
I spent the rest of the day trying to wash the guilt out of my system, so she wouldn’t see. The only thing that really helped was seeing her smiling face. The guilt was still there, but her presence, her happiness, moved it to the background.
“What did you talk to your mother about?” I asked as we left for her writers group. I didn’t like her out at night by herself, so I always went with her and found someplace quiet to read.
“They’re doing a mommy and me class.”
Damn. She’d said something about a “he,” and I hoped they’d at least talked about her father.
Just before we passed it, our neighbor’s door opened. She was a middle-aged woman who was never dressed in anything other than a housecoat. I suspected she was on disability or the like and had fallen into the trap of lazy unconcern. I’d never properly met her but felt sorry that she didn’t seem to have anyone, never any visitors, and she rarely went out. At least she was a quiet neighbor.
I didn’t understand her expression as she looked at me. Then she said, “Hello, Jonathan.”
She had no way of knowing my name…unless she’d heard it through the wall. The wall shared by our apartments was also the one against which our bed was situated.
Becca’s fair complexion tinged scarlet.
I stifled a grin and returned the greeting. “Good evening.”
She watched after us. Becca didn’t speak until we turned down the stairs.
“That was embarrassing,” she said.
I was unable to stifle any longer, and she smacked my ribs. That just made me laugh. She pretended to be angry all the way to the library. She was so cute.
I paused to press her back to the wall in the stairwell on the way up to the third floor. “It just shows how well you enjoy our time together,” I murmured against her neck.
She didn’t answer but had also stopped pretending to be angry. Her arms were snaked around me.
“Do you disagree?” I said.
She answered by meeting my lips. Then, managing to stop, she rested her forehead against my shoulder.
“Well?” I pushed.
“Must you always win?”
“Yes.”
“You remind me of—” She cut herself short. I knew she was now hugging me for a different reason.
“I’m sorry, Becca.”
She didn’t cry but also didn’t speak, only clinging to me. She was rarely upset enough for tears anymore. I hoped I helped with this. I suspected she felt like a bad daughter.
“Who was the ‘he’ you discussed with your mother?” I said.
She lifted her head and put her face together. “Richard. She said he just won a big case. Evie’s really proud.”
More guilt but for a whole other reason.
I yearned for Becca to have a reason to be proud of me, a good reason. I was now able to tote the title of teacher, in the loosest sense, but I still spent most of my time with a tool in my hand. I knew it was a perfectly respectable occupation, but Becca’s family had higher standards, too high for the likes of me. I’d never cared that I lived simply, had rather preferred it actually. It was one of the facts that had pulled me toward the church, but I didn’t want to be the reason for contention, didn’t want her family to think she made poor decisions—if they ever found out about us, that is.
She stroked her hand down the side of my face.
“Thank you, Becca.”
Then that devilish grin took over her eyes. “You don’t get paid for name recognition.”
“Yes I do, just not with money.”
She moved closer.
Kissing deeply, I pressed against her.
Between kisses, she sighed, “Jonathan.”
“Jonathan?”
It was a male voice from behind me, and I turned to see...
“TJ?”
“Tim,” Becca corrected.
I had never laughed that hard before. Tim didn’t laugh, and I realized his feelings went much deeper than I thought.


CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
REBECCA

He shared everything with me, even when it hurt, but I hated hurting him. I knew him, who he really was, inside and out, but I still didn’t fully understand everything that shaped him. Certain things remained veiled, and yet in plain sight, every day screaming at me to understand, to comfort him.
He put his toothbrush back in the cup.
Even with no discoloration to point it out, the scar on his wrist screamed at me.
He never talked about his childhood, except the occasional tidbit about Father Thomas. In fact, he almost exclusively centered on Father Thomas, not himself. From what I’d discerned, though, Jonathan hadn’t grown up Catholic. He hadn’t grown up anything. He met Father Thomas coincidentally, something about visiting someone in the hospital, and Father Thomas offered an open invitation to come to Mass to Jonathan and whomever he was visiting, I assumed.
The biggest and most disturbing gaps in my knowledge were—I was ashamed to admit—his caretakers or guardians. Who raised him? Foster parents, I assumed? Also, I understood a fair amount about his most striking scar, but what about the smaller or less noticeable ones? The one on his wrist was barely visible, and he had several more all over. Scared to know the hows and who’s, I’d never allowed myself to think too much about it. He usually had my mind otherwise occupied while my hands were on his skin anyway.
He reached behind him to turn the shower on and then took his razor from the cabinet.
“Good morning, Becca,” he said with a grin.
My tone turned playfully defensive. “I like watching you.”
I was impressed he didn’t cut himself while smiling that brightly.
Amazingly, I had the day off, in exchange for a Saturday, but I liked when I had the time, liked when he let me take care of him. I cooked him breakfast and started thinking of what I could do for him for dinner, something really good while utilizing my limited cooking skills. For whatever reason, he seemed to like my cooking and ate the whole plate of pancakes.
Then he left for work, and I was alone with my thoughts. I agonized over it for a while. The phone would be in my hand. Then it lay on the bed while I did dishes. I picked it up when I went to retrieve my notebook. Then it sat on the table while I showered.
Would he consider it prying? Would he prefer I simply ask him? Or was I thinking too much about it? After all, Father Thomas was becoming a good friend to me too. Surely, we could discuss Jonathan, our friend, the most important person in both our lives, couldn’t we?
Wet hair dripping down my back, I sat at the table.
“Hi,” I said, “It’s Rebecca. Are you busy?”
“I have some time,” he said.
The kindness of his tone gave me courage. Sometimes I wondered if there was a class in seminary about that, how to get people to tell the truth, no matter. He probably taught the class.
“Um, I have some questions, but only if you think Jonathan won’t mind.”
“His childhood.” He sounded like he’d been waiting for this.
“I want to know—I want to know how to better take care of him, but I don’t want to make him talk about it. And you know how he is.”
He sighed. “Yes.”
“Um, so, you’ve known him a really long time, right? You said since he was a boy.”
“He was nine. I was visiting a sick friend.”
“And so was he.”
“No.” He took a breath. “He was a patient.”
A big part of me didn’t want him to go on.
“I happened to walk by his room. A little boy all alone. And then I walked by again an hour or so later, and still no one. I thought about going to talk to him and decided it appropriate at least to ask a nurse about him before I intruded, before I be so bold as to speak alone with a child I didn’t know. Parents are, and ought to be, particular about such things. The nurse told me he didn’t have parents, and she had seen a visitor only once in the two days he’d been there. I asked if she minded if I talked to him. She said it was fine but stayed close by.”
“What was wrong with him? Was it, um, the scar on his wrist?”
“That was later.”
I took a breath and waited for him to go on.
“He had a broken leg. Apparently, it was an awkward break for him to have to be there. He lay perfectly still. No TV. No games. No toys. He simply watched the fall leaves waving at the window. I walked in and sat in the chair in the corner. He didn’t look over. There was something about him even then, as if he’d already lived a full life, as if he’d learned to quietly absorb the things around him. I sat there for a good couple minutes. He didn’t move. He looked well-practiced in it. I was disturbed.
“Finally, I asked him something, something trivial about the autumn leaves. He didn’t move at first. Then he turned to look at me, to read me. ‘They’re warm,’ he said.
“I had to smile at that, and then something in his face changed, like the shades being drawn open, not a smile though. He didn’t seem to mind my presence or my talking with him, so I stayed for a little while, until the nurse announced the end of visiting hours. And still no one else had come to see him.
“I invited him to come to Mass any time he wanted, and he showed the first sign of a clear emotion. His face all screwed up, he said, ‘Church?’
“I smiled. ‘Yes, Jonathan, church.’
“He pondered that as I left.”
“Did he come?” I said.
“It was a good while later—the cast was off. I spotted him as he slunk in. He sat in the corner of the furthest pew. I was hopeful when he stayed the whole service, but he slunk back out as soon as it was over. He came back the next several Sundays, and then one day, I was able to catch up with him. While he held the door for one of the older women, I snuck up behind him. He jumped when I said ‘Hello Jonathan.’
“He looked shocked when he turned.
“‘Do you remember me?’” I asked.
“His face screwed itself up. ‘Yes, sir.’
“My disturbance returned at his being so shocked that I remembered him.
“It was a slow, and sometimes trying process. Eventually he began to talk to me more. He answered my questions politely, and as succinctly as possible, but did ask his own questions. He knew practically nothing of religion and seemed fascinated by it, not yet devoted, but definitely fascinated.
“It wasn’t until a few months later that I forced an issue, that I forced him to speak of himself. It was warm for an early spring day, but he wore a long-sleeve shirt to Mass. The shirt, however, did not fully cover the bandage.”
The memory of tracing it during our train ride flashed through my mind. “It travelled down his palm.”
“Yes,” he said. “He tried escaping that day, but my skills at catching him had greatly improved.
“’Hello, Father Thomas,’ he said and casually pulled his hands behind his back.
“I knelt closer and put a hand on his shoulder. ‘What happened, Jonathan?’
“His expression leveled, and luckily, thankfully, I appeared to have gained trust. He admitted what I’d already feared. His foster mother had slammed his hand in the door and then yanked him away. His skin literally ripped open. I took him to a clinic, and the doctor said he was lucky it wasn’t much worse, lucky that it was only skin that ripped and that he hadn’t passed out from blood loss. I didn’t allow him to go back to that house.”
I moved my hand from my mouth and murmured, “Thank you, Father Thomas.”
He hesitated then sighed heavily.
“There’s not more?” I said. Please say no.
“It was never as bad, but never good either. The physical abuse, which was much more extensive than I’d feared, stopped, but the neglect and general lack of concern continued. I had a hand in moving him several times. He was never able to gain a loving family, or a family at all. By the time he made it to high school, he’d learned very well how to fend for himself. No one else ever had.”
I took a shaking breath. “Except you.”
I found a greater appreciation for my family, for the childhood they had given me. It wasn’t perfect, but I’d known I was loved.


CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
JONATHAN

She was crying at the kitchen table.
“Becca.”
Her phone fell out of her clutching hand as I lifted her to her feet and into a hug.
“Did—” I hesitated. “Did he call you?”
She took a deep breath, and cheeks glistening, she pulled my hand from her back. She held my palm open and touched my skin. “I called him.” A different him. She kissed my palm and looked up. “I’m sorry, Jonathan.”
“I’m better now,” I said.
She stroked my cheek. “Much. But not all the way.” Her head against my chest, she added, “I probably should’ve talked to you first, but I didn’t want to hurt you.”
I murmured against her hair. “Thank you, Becca.” It was better this way anyway.
“Will you tell me the rest?”
“What did he tell you?”
“You never had a family.”
I did. I just didn’t live with my family, my one-man family. ” He made everything bearable,” I said as I sat in the chair and held her on my lap, my one-woman family. “I’m sure you got the general idea of things.”
“But I want to understand.” She ran her finger lightly down my wrist, and my gaze turned to it. The oddest flash hit my mind. For a split second, I saw it again, saw as Ms. Paula slammed the sliding glass door that led to the back yard. I didn’t know what I’d done and desperately tried not to yelp in pain. Then I cried out as she squeezed my forearm to yank my hand out. She didn’t let go of the door, didn’t let it open. I heard my skin rip before I felt it.
All this flashed, just as I admired the curve of Becca’s finger, the perfect arch of her nail, and the gentle set of her wrist, the same gentle way her head tilted as she watched me, especially when she watched me make love to her.
Ms. Paula’s sneer faded and slipped away.
“He made everything bearable,” I said. “And you make everything better.”
My chin lifted with her hand, and we didn’t talk anymore. We skipped dinner and had dessert, all night.


CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE
REBECCA

I loved Carol of the Bells, especially when it was played with actual bells. Jonathan brought me back to Baltimore for Christmas, and midnight Mass had never been so magical.
When the service ended, we stayed seated. We were off to the side, away from the rest of the congregation wishing holiday greetings in the crawling center aisle. Jonathan kept his arm around me, my head on his shoulder, as we watched the cheerful procession.
“Merry Christmas,” I said.
He kissed my hair. “Merry Christmas.”
My patience was gone. “Are you ready for your gift?”
“You were that kid who got up at five, weren’t you?”
“Four. Someone had to guard Evie’s stocking. She didn’t like to wait.”
He laughed. “Okay, wing it at me.”
From my bag, I pulled its permanent contents, permanent no more. It was one of those thick five subject notebooks with big pages and little margins, and I’d finally filled it, bursting with my small writing on college-ruled pages.
He held it in his hands and just looked at it.
“I squished in one more letter this morning,” I said.
He pulled the bow off and flipped to the last page.
Dear Jonathan,
He was right about one thing. You are my hero.
Yours Always, Becca
He twisted in his seat to be able to meet my lips. We almost forgot where we were. A little girl’s giggles reminded us. I tried not to laugh.
“I have gifts as well,” he said, “but you have to be willing to accept them.”
I waited cautiously. What would I not accept from him?
“They’re substantial, but remember I want them just as much, especially the first one.”
Okay, now I was really confused.
“I want you to quit your job,” he said. “I can support us easily, and besides, you’re receiving royalty checks and we have savings just in case.”
I’d seen this coming for awhile, but I didn’t like the idea of not contributing. He was right about the royalty checks though. It wasn’t much, miniscule really, but may help to ease the guilt.
“I want you to write fulltime,” he added.
“I’ll take it under consideration.” Though I knew he’d win. My real concern was, “You used the plural.”
He pulled from his breast pocket—he was wearing the jacket Father Thomas gave him—a tri-folded piece of paper and handed it to me.
I opened it to find some kind of financial statement. His name was at the top, and my gaze slid down the paper, down to the bottom line.
“Where did you get all this?” I said.
“I spent over three years doing nothing but work. What was I supposed to spend money on?”
As I turned back to the paper, I wondered what kind of bomb was coming. What could he want to spend money on now?
“I want to buy you a house. We can find something small in a nice neighborhood, and I can fix it up.”
I looked at him, unsure if I should argue or not. I didn’t need his money or big gifts, but I didn’t want to hurt his pride. And I liked the idea of a house, really liked it. I wanted to be able to make a nice home for him. Sometimes I felt I wasn’t enough of a wife in that sense. My mother had always kept an amazing house, and I knew she did it solely for her husband.
He was waiting, and I saw in his face how much he wanted all of it, how much he wanted to take care of me.
“I’m not going to start wearing heels and pearls,” I warned.
His smile overtook his face.
“Did she accept?” Father Thomas had come to find us.
“Do you know everything?” I retorted.
I’d never seen a man of God wear a devilish grin.
Through Jonathan’s incredible motivation, the structure of our life changed in the matter of a couple of weeks.
Kermit about croaked when I quit. Apparently, I was considered the best waitress. But Jonathan came with me, which made the whole thing easier. My first week of not working was weird. I kept having the urge to do something useful, not something I wanted to do. There’s only so much you can clean a studio apartment. Jonathan reminded me that I was supposed to be writing, that I needed to allow myself to write as much as I wanted. Whenever we went to the store, he began asking if I needed any notebooks, or lead, or a bigger thumb drive. His subtle hints were exactly what I needed. I started writing more and more, the ideas bursting forth, thankful to be out of my cramped head and sprawled out on paper, stretching kinked necks and joints and then expanding out in lines of lead.
The house search ended up being much easier than I thought. We found an old bungalow on a tree-lined street. It was the only house that hadn’t been remodeled, so the price was exceptional. It needed a ton of work, but Jonathan was even more capable than I realized. I helped where I could, mostly painting, and he did everything from installing tile to rewiring most of the house.
We worked on the house on weekends and stayed in our little apartment until it was done, mostly. A few things to remained, but we were out of patience.
The night before we were to move everything was packed except the sheets. We were still using those.
“Are you excited?” he asked as we lay in afterglow.
“Proud.” I could barely believe all he’d accomplished.
He seemed to believe me more fully when I told him that, and I knew he loved hearing it. Though he never said so, I saw it, and he demonstrated very well. His hand slid as his lips returned to mine.
We were quickly carried away.


CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX
JONATHAN

“Say it,” I murmured against her skin, but she was too breathless.
Pausing, I raised just enough to meet her eyes. She didn’t open them, her face strained as she fought to win, as she fought her desire for me to continue. She was close to peaking—I felt the slight twinges—so I knew I’d be victorious, as always. I was close as well but was having way too much fun watching her struggle.
I pressed just once.
Her back arched.
I stopped. A sigh escaped her lips but nothing more.
“Becca.”
She opened her eyes. I knew she couldn’t resist when I said her name like that.
“Do you want it?” I murmured.
Her lips parted, as if she could barely find oxygen. She breathed the word. “Yes.”
Almost there.
My mouth brushed against hers. “You know how to get it.”
I pressed again and knew victory was mine when her head rolled back.
Her moan echoed through my body. “Jonathan.”
As I continued, I heard it several more times. She’d given up, and that just made it that much more enjoyable for me. The desperation in her voice, the desperation to have me, to feel me, delayed my finishing. I wanted to hear more, and I knew what to do to prolong it. My success lasted throughout the night.
The blackness of the room had begun to fade by the time she could speak more than just that one word, that one name.
“Must you always win?”
“Yes.” Actually, I was marveling that I could control her almost as well as she did me. Almost.
We forced ourselves out of bed, and her writing group was already downstairs when we started loading the truck. I was impressed Becca didn’t look tired, only excited. She greeted everyone with a bright smile, and I shook several hands—including Tim’s.
The others went upstairs with Becca.
“Thank you,” I said before Tim could follow.
He nodded and moved toward the door to the building.
“You don’t have to be here,” I said. “You don’t have to put yourself through this.”
“I told her I would.”
“But she has no idea how difficult this is for you.”
He turned to look at me.
“If you don’t want to be here,” I said, “I’ll make up an excuse for you.”
He smirked. “I’m not going to cause any trouble.”
“I trust that you wouldn’t.” I moved a few feet closer. “You haven’t even told her how strongly you feel.” It had to kill him to see his grandmother’s ring on her finger when he wasn’t the one to give it to her.
He lifted his chin. There was pain in his eyes. “I told her I would help.”
I nodded.
He continued toward the door. Before he opened it, he paused but didn’t turn. “She’s it, isn’t she, the difference in you?”
“When we met, our problem was the same thing, the same person. It’s a long story, but I understand how you feel.”
He turned. “If I had to lose, at least it was to someone who takes care of her.”
“I work hard. You have my word.”
“I know.”
He walked into the building.
If he was upset by anything the rest of the day, he hid it very well. Becca still had no idea how deeply his feelings went. >From what she told me, she thought it was just flirty attraction. She thought he was over it. I didn’t set her straight on this. I owed him that much.
We didn’t own much, so it only took us a couple trips up the stairs to empty the apartment. It would’ve been one if not for Becca’s books. Thankfully, she had much more space in the new house.
“Wow,” the girl, Sarah, said when she saw Becca’s study. “I wish I had a room like this.”
I’d insisted we set it up for her. Its large window overlooked the front lawn, and shelves covered the three other walls. It wasn’t a big room, but she still had space to grow now, no more books squished in every which way.
Once all the boxes were inside, they hung out awhile to take a look around, to socialize with Becca.
“Where’s the furniture?” one of the guys said. “Weren’t we supposed to load some of that stuff from your apartment?”
“The apartment came furnished,” Becca said. “Ours is coming tomorrow.”
“New?” Sarah said. She started examining the tile work on the fireplace.
“Some, but a lot is coming from this second hand shop we found.” She moved closer to the fireplace. “Jonathan did all the tile work.”
Sarah looked over at me with raised eyebrows.
Becca added, “And the wiring and lighting, plumbing and carpentry.”
“Wow,” Sarah said.
“But Becca did the painting,” I said.
Becca rolled her eyes.
We stood around the kitchen island to eat pizza, while I tried to keep up with writer-talk—apparently, something called active voice was very important. They left as the sun began to fade.
I almost didn’t want furniture after camping out in the living room in front of the fireplace. It was more romantic than I could have possibly imagined. We only slept out of pure exhaustion. I answered the door to furniture delivery men while pulling on my shirt from yesterday and Becca scrounged for clean clothes out of a box in the bedroom. They eyed the blankets on the floor with grins.
She didn’t relax until all the furniture was placed and each of our ten boxes unpacked. It looked perfect by the time I massaged her to sleep in our new bed. The next morning was when the decree came.
I started cleaning my dish from breakfast, and she grabbed it out of my hand.
“Out,” she said. “You’re not allowed.”
I laughed. She didn’t.
“No,” she said.
I hugged her from behind and pressed against her while I murmured in her ear. “I can persuade you.” I certainly didn’t want her to be the maid. I’d promised several people now that I’d take care of her.
“Not this time.” She continued cleaning from where I left off.
I brushed my lips against her neck.
Her hands stopped wiping the plate.
“Becca.”
She took a few seconds then swallowed. Her voice was soft, helplessly soft, but the word was still, “No.”
Apparently, I wasn’t winning this one. I did my damnedest never to make a mess. The house was spotless at all times, not just clean but perfect, everything in its place. I was proud to call it home.
I couldn’t understand how she did it and still produced so much literature. She argued with me when I called it that, but that’s what it was. I was sure I wasn’t biased—though she insisted I was. She wrote short stories that she sent off to magazines, the ones that printed in the coherent English language, and she started on a new book, fiction this time. I was the only one she showed it to until she got about ten chapters in. She seemed to value my opinion above anyone else’s. It’s a definite stroke to your ego when your favorite writer wants your opinion.
Even with her happiness, though, I still knew something was missing. Sometimes she stared at nothing, or into the flames in the fireplace. I knew about whom she was thinking, who she was missing. She had friends, especially in Father Thomas, but they couldn’t substitute.
“Just Evie,” I said, while sitting on the back porch one early summer evening.
We’d been sitting in silence, but she understood. “Richard can’t keep things from him.”
“Can she keep things from Richard?” I hated suggesting it, suggesting that a wife withhold from her husband, but my wife was most important.
She pondered, and I left her to it.
It had to have been a good ten minutes later. “Maybe.”
Just that was a big step, so I again allowed the crickets to be the only sound for a while.
Then I took a breath. There was something I needed to get off my chest—I wouldn’t let it come between us.
“Do you trust me, Becca?”
She looked at me with eyebrows pulled together. “Where did that question come from?”
“You’re continuing to hold back from me.”
She started to shake her head.
“I can see how upset you are about certain things, and yet you don’t talk to me.”
Her expression fell, and so did her gaze. She turned away, toward the darkened yard. Her voice was quiet. “I just don’t want to mess up what we have.” She looked over at me. “I’m so happy with you.”
“You can be happy with me while being upset about other things.”
“But you shouldn’t have to deal with—”
“This isn’t like when you were growing up and you had to sensor your feelings.”
She opened her mouth but said nothing.
“I’m glad you write things down, get them out in some way.” My voice quieted. “You’ve been there for me, through so much that’s been painful. I want to repay you. I need to.”
She paused for several seconds. “I promise I was just trying to protect you.”
“I don’t need protecting.”
Her voice was almost too quiet to hear over the crickets. “I know.”
She stood from her chair and sat on my lap. I wrapped my arms around her small waist. Then she kissed me. We were quiet for a while.
A few days later, Saturday morning, I woke to her voice flowing down the hall from the living room. It was extremely unusual for me to wake alone, so I sat up then remained still to be able to hear.
“Did I wake you?” she said. She laughed a little. “Has she figured out how to get around the gates yet?”
They’d already begun on Anna. I flopped back down on the pillow.
She listened for a bit while I only half paid attention. Then she said, “Is he awake?”
My ears pricked at the male pronoun.
She hesitated, then said, “Jonathan too.”
There was a pause. I guessed Evie went for casual or perhaps attempted to brush it to the side. Becca sounded determined. “We’re married.”
The pause was longer.
When she answered, I heard the relief. “Almost a year.” … “We didn’t invite anyone,” she defended playfully.
The conversation continued in the same light tone. Becca didn’t say much more. She looked so happy when I came down the hall. She was still on the phone, but I hugged her anyway and whispered in her other ear. “I’m proud of you.”
She wouldn’t let go until after the call ended.
Continuing the openness with her sister, she talked to her more often, and that edge of incompleteness I’d seen in her happiness lessened. It wasn’t gone—there was only one way to fill the gap completely—but I found a little more relief every time they talked.
From what Becca told me, Evie was perfectly fine with her marrying me, perhaps even pleased. She talked to her about her writing, which she’d only ever fully shared with me, and about the house, and our life in general. Becca smiled a little brighter when she talked with her sister, and though I didn’t really know her, I began to like Evie very much. She offered that link Becca needed to her family. I knew how important that one spider’s thread could be.
My goal of Becca’s happiness was pushing forward, but I still couldn’t figure my own position. Home was perfect, but my job, though I was content with the work, wasn’t what I wanted. I wanted Becca to be able to proudly say what I did for a living, gloat even. Okay, so that was probably just a fantasy. But I’d somehow gained my greatest fantasy, so why not this one too? That was what kept me looking.
Apparently, I didn’t have to do the searching this time.
“Have a seat anywhere,” I said. Margie had brought her son with her to class. He really didn’t fit in. Just the fact that he was male was enough. The suit made him look like a penguin among herons.
He leaned in as if conspiring. “Only women. Got it made, huh?”
Being in his fifties, he was on the younger end of the age spectrum.
I managed to remain serious. “Why do you think I took this job?”
He smiled then shook my hand as he introduced himself. “Jim.”
“Jonathan.”
“My mother’s been on me to come to this.”
“We’ll try not to bore you.”
Nodding to himself, he went to sit next to Margie who looked extra confident this morning. I hadn’t thought that possible.
He didn’t participate much, nor did he bring a copy of the Text, but he seemed to watch me closely. I didn’t know what to make of it, so I lent him my copy and stood in the back of the room a good portion of the class. I often did this in an effort to force their eyes to the Book. My voice served as the voice in the back of their heads, questioning. I didn’t want them to look to me for the answers but, rather, find them for themselves, or at least a theory, and when they were really thinking, more questions.
“But it’s not fair,” one of the housewives complained. “Why should a good man go through all that?”
“What would Job prefer?” I knew I’d get several head turns at that, and I calmly met their eyes. “God knows what’s in a man’s head as well as what would be if the man understood the full scope.”
I saw they weren’t catching my point. Granted, it was unusual, but I’d always found the thought interesting.
“He wanted to lose his wealth, his children, and be covered in boils?” the woman said.
“He didn’t understand the full scope.”
More confusion. Then I saw a back straighten.
“Yes, Mrs. Porchesky.” She’d begun attending the class, and I’d found her to be rather astute, though timid about expressing herself.
She hesitated, and I waited. “His main concern in life seemed to be strict adherence to faith...right?”
I nodded.
“Then we’re the proof. Here we are thousands of years later studying his life, remembering to keep faith even when life isn’t fair.”
Smiling, I went on to the rest of the class. “So, what is the purpose of the story? Is there more than one?”
Margie answered. “I always understood it was supposed to tell us that suffering is not necessarily the direct result of sin. Sometimes life is hard even when you’re a good person.”
“Could there be anything more to that?”
“It’s still not fair,” the same housewife said.
“Perhaps not from our perspective.”
Jim added something for the first time. “We might be suffering for a higher purpose, so we should trust in that, trust in Him.”
“He may not allow us to have what we thought we wanted, but He may use us for something greater, from which we may attain so much more.”
“Even if we never see or understand it,” Margie added.
“I wonder what Job feels, watching down on us. Our rewards may not come to us during our lifetime.”
“Sometimes they do,” Margie said with a sly smile. Then she nudged her son.
He rolled his eyes. “Yes Mother, you’re always right,” he muttered.
The class let out, and he surprised me by hanging back to talk. He struck me as the busy, important type, so I’d thought he would about run to escape his mother’s grasp. She, however, seemed preoccupied with Mrs. Porchesky, making the poor woman’s hair frazzle. Whatever Margie wanted she was sure to get it. She reminded me of Rose in a way. No one argued with her either. The difference was Margie bullied people into compliance.
Jim handed me back my Book, and the pages made that comfortable crinkling sound as I replaced Becca’s notes and slid the Book into my back pocket.
“You had it word for word,” he said.
“I enjoy that particular book.”
“My mother says you do that all the time. She says you’ve got the whole thing memorized.”
“Perhaps.” What was I supposed to say? That I could quote any chapter and any line? Most people couldn’t comprehend that
He asked me a few more questions, and I felt like he was trying to pull information out of me. I really couldn’t figure why.
About a week later, I came to understand. It was early in the morning, and he came to find me while I stood on a ladder replacing fluorescent bulbs in the boy’s locker room.
“What don’t you do around here?” he said.
“I don’t scrub the showers,” I said then stepped down to move the ladder over. “Thank God for that.” I couldn’t remember how to clean properly anyway—Becca wouldn’t let me touch the dish soap or Windex, or even the broom.
“Do you have a few minutes?”
I clicked the next bulb into place. “Sure. Just let me finish this before the kids invade for swim class.”
“You have an office I can wait in?”
I closed the light box and looked down at him.
“Right. I’ll wait in the lobby.”
It was early for a break, but Mrs. Porchesky didn’t have a problem with it. With no office available—that was funny—I suggested walking around to the side of the building. A table and chairs sat there for employees to use, usually dominated by the smokers.
“How would you like to have an office?” he said.
“Excuse me?”
“She’s been bugging me to come see your class, but I guess I haven’t gotten over my teenage rebellion.” He sat, and I copied. “Of course, she was right.”
“I’m not following.”
“I work for the university. It’s been decided to add a new class to the curriculum. Mind, it’s to be strictly an elective.”
My blank expression didn’t budge.
“I hope you don’t mind, but my mother, uh, sweet-talked the director to share a little of your background. I believe it was a Father Thomas I talked to. He spoke very highly of you and was kind enough to send several references. Based on those and my observations of your teaching, the university would like to offer you the position.”
I managed not to stutter. “You want me to be a teacher?”
“A professor.”
Becca literally screeched into the receiver.


CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN
REBECCA

I opened the door to his office to find him at his desk reading papers. “Good morning Professor Hall.”
His face lit as he looked up.
“You left without breakfast.” I set the bag and juice on the desk.
“I believe it was you who wouldn’t let go.” With a grin, he added, “Why am I Jonathan sometimes and Professor Hall others?”
I’d stopped trying to fight it. We no longer shared walls with neighbors anyway. “Depends on what you’re doing.”
“Or how.”
“That too.”
His grin was wicked.
He never said it, but I knew he had been nervous about changing his career, and so drastically, from blue collar to white in one huge jump. He agonized over the syllabus and asked me to help with his attire. He thought a suit appropriate, but I insisted on only adding a blazer to his usual. Anything more wouldn’t be right nor would he be comfortable. Despite his nerves, his first class was excellent. I asked if he minded that I sit in, out of the way in the back of the room, and I gave, well, returned something to him before the class started filing in.
He ran his fingers over the indented gold letters.
“I have wisdom and judgment,” I said.
He looked up. “So do I.”
Of course, he was used to a much different age group, but he handled the spoiled, lax juniors and jumpy, excited freshmen just as well as women with curled, blue hair. His teaching method was more of a discussion group, which most of them obviously weren’t used to, but by the end of the first class, he had them talking. The theories were sometimes uneducated and inane, but Jonathan steered well, guided invisibly.
I knew he wanted to make me proud of him. I already thought it impossible to be more proud of him, but he seemed to be able to accomplish amazing feats.
The person I was most excited to tell one-upped me. Evie and Richard had been trying to have another baby—funny that Anna was unintentional, but when they tried, it proved difficult—and she picked that day to have exciting news. She listened and talked about how happy she was for Jonathan and me but seemed distracted.
The words exploded from her mouth. “I’m pregnant.” The rest of the discussion clung to the debate of pink versus blue.
This time blue won.
“Do you have a name picked out?” I said when she called to tell me the gender.
“Richard.”
“Junior?”
“No, uh, he wants the middle to be different. He doesn’t like his.”
I couldn’t figure why she seemed hesitant.
“What’s it going to be?” I said.
“Um, Donovan.”
Oh, that was why. I paused. “I’ve always liked that name.”
“Yeah, uh, I insisted on Richard, so he said he got to choose the middle name.”
She sounded apologetic. I understood why, but I understood better why Richard had picked it. My father hired him out of college and mentored him. He treated him like a son, even before he and Evie started dating. I wondered if that was a part of the reason he invited him to family dinners, to introduce someone like him to his daughters. He’d never done that with anyone else. Dinner parties, yes, but never with just his family. A tiny part of me was jealous.
“I like the name,” I said. “It’s just right.”
She took a relieved breath.
“When’s the due date again?” I said.
“May second.” Her tone returned to careful. “Are you coming when he’s born?”
That was a hard question, too hard. I didn’t give her an answer that day, not for awhile. I supposed the answer sounded obvious—be a good sister, support her—but I wasn’t sure of the best way to be a good sister. As always, I turned to Jonathan with the hard questions.
I paced the kitchen while he sat on a stool at the island.
“I want to support her,” I said, “but the tension might disturb her, especially with her condition at the time.”
“What do you want?”
I stopped, dead stopped, and stared at the tile under my feet. He moved to stand in front of me and lift my chin.
“I don’t want it to be this hard.” I closed my eyes to hold the moisture back. “I want to be a good sister. I want to be a good daughter. I don’t want to upset anyone anymore.”
“You don’t upset people.”
My face twisted, and he pulled me to his chest. I wanted to talk to him more, wanted him to help me figure it out, but I didn’t want to upset him either. I held onto him but didn’t say any more.
“Please, Becca,” he murmured. “You can only hurt me by holding back.”
I pressed my face against his shirt.
“You love me. That’s all I need—I can handle anything else—but when you hold back,” he said, “it hurts. I want you to be able to tell me anything.”
“I’m sorry,” I whispered.
“I understand.” He spoke against my hair. “Please talk to me.”
“I’m—” My sigh shook. “I’m jealous of her. Richard’s a good man. He’s smart. He treats her well. I know my father sees that.” I looked up. “So, why can’t he see that in you? Why can’t he see what I see?”
He wiped my tear away and smiled a little. “It only matters that you do.” He paused. “Do you want to be there?”
“Yes, but not if it makes it difficult for her, for my mother, for…”
“Your father.”
I nodded.
“Will you regret it if you don’t go?”
“I might regret it more if I do.”
“I believe it’ll all work out eventually, maybe not now, maybe not even soon, but your nephew will only be born once. This once is your only chance.” His fingers pulled into my hair. His black eyes were soft, kind, understanding. “Do what you want, what feels right, but if you decide to go, I’m coming with you.”
It was April by the time I decided. Jonathan made arrangements to take a few days off.
Evie sounded excited when I told her. I was still nervous, scared.
The call came from my mother to tell me Evie had gone into labor. Her voice seemed off somehow. I figured she was nervous for Evie. Her voice was oddly level, but she ended with, “I can’t wait to see you.”
Jonathan picked me up within an hour.
“You’re sure?” he asked as he held my hand. His thumb purposefully touched my rings, the rings my father was sure to notice. I didn’t want to cause a disturbance but wasn’t about to hide anything.
“Yes,” I said.
“Will he notice?”
Surely, he was seeing my nerves. “I’m sorry Jonathan.” I held his hand in both of mine. “It’s not because I’m not proud of you.”
“I know.”
A few minutes later he added, “You’re trying not to hurt either of us.”
My head on his shoulder, he kept an arm around me and drove one-handed the whole way. It was a good thing we decided on the automatic for him.
He allowed the silence. I couldn’t hold any one emotion for more than a few minutes, happiness for Evie and to meet my new nephew, shame and regret for not telling my family about Jonathan and me, and incredible apprehension, even fear, for seeing my father. I knew his reaction would be anger but couldn’t predict beyond that. I couldn’t predict what he would say or what would be said to him. In the two years away from him, I’d learned to move past our last encounter, mostly. I couldn’t deny that I was still livid about his treatment of Jonathan, and I also knew Jonathan, though he never spoke of it, was equally angry at him. I saw in his face that he was torn about the whole thing, frustrated by the fact that one person had the power to complete my happiness or crush me. I was determined not to be crushed, to be strong so Jonathan wouldn’t have to hold me together again.
Throughout our silence, I felt his frame change as he prepared himself. I knew he was using me to meditate for calm. He wasn’t completely successful. A hint of detachment clouded his eyes. Unable to actually be calm, he buried to produce a façade. He was good at burying, but I hated that he again found the need, that it had anything to do with me.
He found a spot in the parking garage away from any other cars, and we sat for a few minutes. He continued to hold me.
“Everything will be fine,” he murmured.
I took a breath. “Yes.” Turning my eyes up, I lay a hand on his cheek. “He doesn’t know who you are.”
His smile was moderately successful. “But you do.”
“I know all of you.”
His smile succeeded this time.
It was in the elevator that I started to wonder. Was it the wisest course to expose my father to both of us at the same time? Especially with Evie and a new baby there. Perhaps he’d be capable of ignoring if it were just me—he’d been able to before—and my patience of poor treatment of my husband was going to be extremely limited.
“Will you stay in the waiting room for a little bit?” I said.
His head whipped.
“Please. It’ll be easier.”
“For him or you?”
I didn’t answer. My father’s cold shoulder was almost unbearable, and not having Jonathan with me would make it worse, and would also hinder my own patience further. But I wasn’t going to allow a blow up if I could help it.
The elevator dinged, and we stepped off, immediately realizing we had gotten off on the wrong floor. This definitely wasn’t maternity. Just as he pressed the button to retrieve the elevator we turned at the sound of sobbing.
An elderly woman, having just spoken to the doctor now walking down the hall, was sitting in a chair outside a room. She looked distraught, completely beside herself, and as Jonathan watched her, I saw his desire to help.
“You should talk to her,” I said.
“I’m not leaving you.”
I rose up on my toes and wrapped my arms around his neck. “Please.”
His eyes closed, face tightening.
“She needs someone to talk to,” I said.
“I only care about you.”
“Jonathan.”
He looked at me.
“Please.”
He sighed through his sinuses. “You know that’s not fair.”
“Look at her. She needs you.” She was obviously alone with no one to comfort her, and I knew he could help.
The elevator dinged and the doors opened.
“I’ll be back shortly,” I said then kissed him once. “I love you.”
He allowed me to slide out of his grip then watched me disappear behind the doors.
I could hardly breathe without him next to me. The air in the little box was oppressive. It didn’t improve when I arrived at the maternity ward. I slowly made my way down the hall, and then stopped outside a closed door. My hand had never felt so heavy. My selfish side said to go back to Jonathan, allow his protection, but I forced myself to put concern for my sister at the forefront.
Hearing voices inside, I knew she wasn’t alone. I made myself knock. My heart pounded at the thought of seeing my family. I realized how sad that was. We used to be a happy, comfortable group, forever ago. Now we barely knew how to talk to each other. Well, they knew how, just not with me.
Thankfully, it was Richard who opened the door while holding Anna.
“Aunt Becca,” she said and reached for me.
I almost started crying—not because she remembered me but because she shouldn’t. I’d talked to her on the phone but hadn’t seen her in two years.
Richard handed me Anna and smiled a greeting as he stepped back to allow me in, but I didn’t have the chance to see anything other than my mother’s hair. She pulled me into a hug, Anna and all. Her silent hold was interrupted, though, by the sound of a tiny cry, that small but resounding sound of newborn tears. Richard was instantly across the room.
“He’s fine,” Evie said.
“Is he hungry?”
“He just ate.”
The crying stopped as soon as he was exchanged.
“See, he just wanted his daddy,” she said.
Richard’s smile was delirious with happiness.
Evie held her hand out to me. Sitting on the edge of the bed, I leaned forward to carefully hug her, the most truthful hug I’d ever shared with her. We had always been friends, but now she really felt like my closest relation. She knew the real me.
“How are you?” I asked.
“Fine. It was much better the second time around.”
“The baby?”
“Perfect.”
Richard was standing next to us, gently bouncing, and Anna sat contentedly at the foot of the bed. Their little family unit exuded warmth.
The rest of the room was cold. It was like being next to a campfire in the middle of the arctic, icy wind chilling through my bones. My mother stood in the corner, and my father sat in a chair in the opposite corner. Upon my arrival, he’d pulled papers out to examine. I’d been right to come alone. His skills in ignoring were excellent. My distress came from seeing my mother. She didn’t make him pay attention to his family, no soft “Donnie” or even a “Donovan.” They weren’t just across the room. They were miles away. She didn’t even look at him.
“Do you want to hold him?” Richard succeeded in bringing me out of the cold by handing me a warm bundle.
Rose’s diamond caught on the blanket.
“Sorry, snagged you,” Richard said and pulled the fabric loose, exposing my rings.
Despite the perfect sleeping boy in my arms, I felt a chill, felt my father’s eyes.
He stood, knocking papers to the floor. “You married him?” His expression festered with rage.
The baby’s cries returned with the harshness of his voice, but it was my mother’s tone that startled me.
“Stop it, Donovan.”
I stared at her, shocked. She was glaring at him. Had the universe flipped upside down? They never fought. It had always been that he grew aggravated, and she guided him back to calm.
They stopped when Anna whimpered, “Mommy,” and crawled to Evie. My father threw the rest of his papers on the chair then huffed from the room. My mother turned to face the wall, her hand on her mouth. I handed the baby back and then went to her. I couldn’t remember ever having seen her cry.
I pulled her close. “I’m so sorry, Mom.” I had an equal share in the cause of her tears. I needed Jonathan, but it seemed as though my father would never be able to accept it. His aggravation had succeeded in pushing her away from him.
She didn’t talk but did hold me, tightly hold me as if needing comfort, and mine in particular.


CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT
JONATHAN

I let her slip away, cursing her for being able to control me like that. If he hurt her, especially in my absence, I wasn’t sure what I would do. I managed not to be violent last time. Could I do that again? I was confident I could if she were with me, but if I were somehow alone with him...
The woman’s sobs reminded me of Becca’s request. I tried to refocus. Counseling had always helped to take my mind off my own worries, and helped me to maintain control.
I sat in the chair next to her. “What was his name?”
She began wiping her eyes as if embarrassed. She wore several old-fashioned rings, surely a lifetime of gifts from a loving husband. One in particular caught my eye.
Gently taking her hand, I touched the diamond. “He had good taste. My wife’s is just like this.”
She looked at me, didn’t take her hand away. “Peter.”
“He was a good husband.”
Her voice shook a bit. “Yes.”
“Will you tell me about him?”
Talking of passed loved ones was often helpful, reminding of a happy life. All those tiny details suddenly gained importance, took their rightful place in the hearts of family and friends. I liked watching as perspective was found, the perspective that was only possible after someone was gone. Their flaws were put aside, erased from existence, and only the good was relived, or at least, only the fun. Quirky traits became endearing, and noble acts of the past were revered.
I gently steered away from the sadness and helped her focus on those insignificant yet monumentally important moments, the ones that stick with us, the ones that Becca taught me how to find.
She told me of her and Peter’s fifty-three years together, years filled with inevitable struggle but also faith. Realizing this was an important part of their life, I pulled my snake skin pages from my pocket and let her hold them while we spoke to God together, asking that He watch over Peter.
I somehow found comfort as well. Becca and whatever she was doing, whatever she was withstanding, were dominant in my mind, but I was reminded of the need to trust.


CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE
REBECCA

Protecting my sister and her family from my poison, I led my mother out to the hall where we walked the block. We, thankfully, did not run into my father, so I figured he had either left or gone to another floor, the cafeteria perhaps. I worried he might happen across Jonathan but decided that was unlikely in this large hospital.
She spent the first lap pulling herself together, and once we passed Evie’s door, she began to ask about me. I hadn’t noticed but now realized a distance had formed between us. We hadn’t talked about anything but Anna and Evie in so long, even when so much was going on in both our lives.
“How long?” she asked.
“Almost two years.”
“Are you happy?”
Jonathan could make me smile even now. “So happy.”
She nodded.
“You’d really like him,” I said.
“I did like him.”
I hesitated. “Even if you thought him simple and poor?”
“Quiet doesn’t equal simple.” She sighed. “Your father can’t seem to understand that. He’s always been vocal and opinionated and can’t understand people who aren’t. I never thought that included me.” She paused to take a breath. “And you should’ve seen how we started out. He had to work his way through school, and we got married right after he graduated. You should’ve seen him studying for the bar. We didn’t even have a kitchen table, so he would sit in the middle of the floor with his books scattered all around him. He was driven and determined. I was so proud.”
We came back to the nurse’s station, near the elevators.
“Do you think he’ll be gone for a while?” I asked.
“Yes.” I suddenly noticed the lines of her face. She’d always been timeless. Now her age was starting to seep out from underneath, creasing her features.
“I’ll be right back,” I said.
“He’s here?”
“He wouldn’t let me come alone.”
Her eyes now dry, she went back to Evie while I waited for an elevator. It took entirely too long, though, so I took the stairs instead. It was only one floor anyway. The stairs were just around the corner from where I left Jonathan. I didn’t make it to him right away, didn’t make it more than a few steps. The sight of my father’s back stopped my feet. I also heard Jonathan and realized my father was watching him.
Jonathan finished a prayer for a passed loved one, and when the woman thanked him, I heard the waver of age in her voice, but not tears. I knew Jonathan would help her. My mother could never have been this proud.
“How did you know that?” the woman asked.
“I had good teachers,” Jonathan said.
“There’s more to it,” she insisted. “My son entered the church.” She paused. “You remind me of him.”
Jonathan laughed under his breath. “I need to accept that women know everything.”
“Your wife will teach you.”
“I’ve already accepted that she knows everything.” Then he added, “Do you have family coming?”
“You were very close to vows.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
From the silence, I guessed she was waiting for more of an answer.
“I’d finished school and a deaconship,” he said. “It was a matter of days.”
“She must’ve been worth it.”
“She’s everything.”
I took a few silent steps closer to my father and spoke quietly enough for Jonathan not to hear. “He doesn’t prey on young girls.”
My father turned to reveal an expression I’d never seen him wear before, several emotions at once, utter chaos.
“He prays for guidance,” I added then walked away, to Jonathan.
I turned the corner, and Jonathan looked up, looked at not just me but my father as I walked away from him.
Jonathan stood.
I took his hand. “Who’s your friend?”
He hesitated then turned away from my father and introduced me to the woman he’d been comforting.
We talked to the woman for a few minutes until her family began to arrive, and my father disappeared long before we went back up. We took the stairs, and Jonathan paused on the landing to make sure I was all right. I was more upset about my parents’ relationship than anything else. It’d always been one of the few certainties of my life. I was one of those lucky kids who could say my daddy loved my mommy. I found pride and stability in it, and now I felt myself clinging more tightly to Jonathan.
We walked into Evie’s room, and I smiled while gripping Jonathan’s hand. He squeezed back.
“Where’s grandpa?” Anna asked.
Everyone looked at her as she sat cross-legged at the foot of Evie’s bed. Her eyes were bright with the question.
Finally, Evie reached her hand out. “Come here, baby. Sit with Mommy.”
Anna crawled over and curled up next to Evie.
“Be careful,” my mother said. “You’re still healing.” She looked odd to me, like she was leaning funny. Then I realized it was because my father wasn’t standing next to her.
Richard stood from the chair next to Evie, baby still in his arms, as if about to try to help his wife.
Evie smiled at him, amusement in her eyes. “I’m fine, honey.”
Anna tugged on Evie’s hospital gown. “I miss grandpa. He said he was going to take me to see all the babies.”
Everyone paused. Evie glanced at Richard, and he looked blankly back at her.
Jonathan’s voice was gentle, like when he spoke to the woman downstairs. “Would it be all right if I took you?”
Anna looked at him, as if appraising.
Then she held her arms out.
He walked over, picked her up, and held her on his hip. “Do you know where the babies are?”
“Yep. I’ll show you.”
Jonathan smiled at her, and then looked at Evie and Richard.
Evie nodded. “She likes the preemies the best.”
“They’re even littler than my brother,” Anna said to Jonathan.
“Even littler than you?” Jonathan asked.
He paused on their way out to kiss me on the cheek. Anna continued gabbing as they went down the hall.
“Too bad you guys don’t live nearby,” Evie said. “We’d totally be taking advantage of you as babysitters.”
“I don’t know how good I’d be at diapers.”
Richard was gently bouncing his son. “You get used to it very quickly.”
“I bet.”
Evie rested back against her propped-up pillows. “It feels like we just got Anna out of diapers.”
The conversation stayed in the same light vein for a few minutes. My mother said very little, mostly just reminding Evie to take it easy. She didn’t move from her spot at the end of the bed—she wasn’t usually the standing still type.
Then Anna came back in, holding Jonathan’s hand.
“Nuh uh,” she was saying as she looked up at him.
“Most certainly.”
She eyed him suspiciously.
“What’s he telling you, Anna,” I asked.
She looked at me. Then she ran over to her mom.
“What did he tell you, baby?” Evie said with a smile.
Anna stood on her toes, but was still over a foot short of reaching Evie’s ear. Her whisper was audible to the room. “Aunt Becca tells stories in her sleep.”
Evie laughed, and so did I. She’d called me Becca.
With a grin, Jonathan took my hand and pulled me over to a chair. He held me on his lap. Then he swept my hair away from my face and spoke quietly. “Sometimes I see those stories solidify on paper.”
“I think I need a muzzle.” Between this and our neighbor knowing his name without having met him.
“So,” Evie said. “Do you have pictures of your wedding?”
“I have one in my wallet,” Jonathan said.
“I have it.” I took the picture that one of the old ladies had taken out of my bag. Before I could hand it to Richard to hand it to Evie, my mother was there. She took the picture of Jonathan and me at the altar, the one where we were looking at each other and he was touching my cheek. Finally, my mother smiled.
“It’s a good picture,” Jonathan said.
My mother looked at him. Her eyes flickered to his hands, the way one wrapped around my waist and the other held my hand, thumb caressing my skin.
“It is.” My mother was still smiling.
The conversation stayed on our wedding for a while. I was surprised they found so much to ask about such a simple event.
When Jonathan asked if he could get me some water, Anna jumped up and said, “I want to go too.”
They walked out of the room, Anna skipping while she held his hand.
A few minutes later, they came back while Richard was handing Evie the baby.
Anna looked at my mother. “Grandma, where’d grandpa go?”
Something in my mother’s neck tightened, and I realized she was controlling tears. “I don’t know, baby.”


CHAPTER FORTY
JONATHAN

The week after visiting her family was difficult for Becca, and I was thankful she talked to me about it, thankful she shared fully with me. In addition to her erratic emotions concerning her father, I saw that she felt guilt for her parents’ problems, which just got worse. She and her mother had several long conversations during which she learned the problems had begun the day I left with her. Her mother had forced him to tell her what had been said that morning, what he had said. She insisted that he apologize, but he had stubbornly refused. Apparently, it had been a strong catalyst, and it escalated from there.
Becca felt responsible for it, but the guilt really hit when he didn’t come home one night. Her mother found him easily with one phone call but didn’t know why he decided to sleep at his office. Neither her mother nor Becca, nor Evie for that matter, knew what to make of it, and he wasn’t talking—to anyone.
Becca grew more upset every day. I called her often and cleared my schedule to be able to be home for lunch each day, and I found thanks that she didn’t deal with stress like her father. She pulled me closer as if clinging to the stability of our relationship. I did everything I could think of to help. I couldn’t do anything about her father obviously—he needed to be talked to, but I certainly wasn’t the person for the job—so I focused on emphasizing our stability, on emphasizing my adoration of her. I brought her something every day, sometimes flowers, sometimes a book, and I even tried my hand at a love letter. I knew it couldn’t possibly evoke as strong a reaction as hers did—she added to my collection often by leaving them in my breast pocket—but she seemed happy with it, very much so. And she showed her appreciation for several hours.
Making love had already been a daily enjoyment for us, but it became something that we both latched onto for more than one reason. I knew she needed to feel that strong bond, and I wanted to give her anything she needed.
“Jonathan,” she sighed.
I was never going to get used to that.
We had skipped lunch on Sunday to be able to come home early. We hadn’t made it past the living room for a while, but once I’d gotten around to carrying her to the bedroom, I was unable to let go. I’d managed to complete the removal of her dress, but my pants were still mostly on. As long as it was her delicate hands that made the necessary adjustments, I didn’t care.
My arms wrapped tightly around her and my lips at her neck, I moved slowly while she panted in my ear. I was attempting to prolong her as much as possible, teasing with my pace. Of course I had to prolong myself as well, so I focused on her voice, on the attachment I heard. Every time she said my name it felt like she was claiming me as her own.
She refused to let go even when our bodies had completely relaxed, not that I tried to leave, and fell asleep before I’d even pulled away. Trying not to wake her, I stayed put and watched her dream. She was even lovelier like this, cheeks tinged pink, skin glistening slightly, and hair wildly strewn about the pillow.
I was absorbed in my observations when the doorbell succeeded in annoying me by rousing her. Slowly, I slid my hips back from hers then murmured in her ear. “Sleep. I’ll be right back.”
Her eyes didn’t open, but the word “soon” slid out from between her lips.
So she wouldn’t be cold without me, I covered her with the sheet, then buttoned my pants and walked quickly down the hall, not wanting the bell to chime again.
Our front door was made of glass but was also covered by a sheer curtain, so I wouldn’t believe the visitor was who I thought until I opened the door.
We stared at each other. He wasn’t controlling rage this time. I, however, was not happy to see him at my door and didn’t invite him in.
Managing not to growl the words, I said, “How may I help you?”
I couldn’t quite understand his expression. He sounded like he was trying for polite. “I’d like to see my daughter.”
“I’m afraid she’s indisposed.”
I saw as, with his usual astuteness, he put it together, Becca’s unavailability and my lack of shirt. Was it written somewhere that I couldn’t be fully clothed when I talked to the man? But it didn’t matter. I wasn’t going to volunteer Becca to him if I could help it. His behavior at the hospital had proven him incapable of having a rational conversation with her.
“Uh, well, I suppose it would be wise to speak to you first anyway,” he said.
I wanted to tell him to piss off, but Becca still loved him. “I’m listening.”
“May I come in?”
I paused to glare. I couldn’t turn him away nor could I fathom the idea of him in my house. I didn’t have a choice.
“Be careful.” The growl was unavoidable this time.
Stepping back to allow him in, I warned, “She’s sleeping.”
He nodded then walked in to look around at Becca’s perfectly kept house, perfect but for the papers I’d left on the coffee table. I’d given an essay the theme of which was inspired by her, so I thought she might like to read some of them. We hadn’t gotten around to cleaning them up last night.
Continuing with his attempt at polite and with a splash of casual, he said, “Nice place. How much do you pay in rent?”
Becca had told me he owned a few rental properties, so I understood his interest. I enjoyed the answer much more than he did.
“We own it outright.”
At the look on his face, I had to fight back the smugness.
He didn’t seem to know what to do with himself. I forced manners and gestured for him to have a seat on the couch. Hoping he’d go before Becca woke, I pushed forward. “What can I do for you?”
Face lined with stress, he hesitated.
I tried not to glare while I wondered if he had ever been lost for words before. I began to think he was waiting for me, but I was much better at silence—and at waiting.
“I saw you at the hospital,” he finally said.
“I hear you saw a few things. You weren’t able to give your opinion then. Is that why you’re here?”
“What you told the woman, is it true?”
“Yes.”
He looked torn, as if part of him believed, but the other part, the pigheaded asshole, refused. He seemed to be debating whether or not to cross-examine, so I took the Book from my pocket to lay it on the table in front of him. I almost smirked when he picked it up and flipped through the pages.
His eyes on the miniscule print, he said, “I don’t understand.” This obviously really irritated him.
“I fell in love with her,” I said.
His head jerked up. I’d said this to him before, but this time he apparently got it.
“You don’t know her,” I said. “You’ve never known her.”
“She didn’t let me.”
“You never tried.” I took my Book from between his fingers. “It was easier. She let you believe you made her happy with new clothes and a credit card. She saw that made you feel good about yourself, and she’s never wanted anything more than to please you, to make you proud. You enjoyed having three lovely and adoring women at home making you feel important, stroking your ego.”
“I gave her everything.”
“Not what she needed.”
“She never told me.”
“Didn’t she?” I saw I was beginning to stretch his limits but pushed on anyway. “What did she do when she was alone? What has she always carried with her?”
“I never told her she couldn’t write her little stories.”
“Did you ever ask to read them?”
Mouth still open to continue his retort, he stopped.
“You may have never told her she wasn’t allowed, but did you ever get annoyed when she jotted something down in a restaurant, while waiting in line, during a car ride?”
“She wasn’t paying attention.”
“She sees everything. What do you think she was writing?”
He stood, apparently unable to handle the aggravation.
“You’ve read her book, but you have no idea,” I said. “There’s so much, so much you’ve missed.”
“She should have told me.”
“She’s never wanted anything other than to please you, and she knew how to accomplish it.”
“She should’ve been stronger.”
“I can’t imagine the strength it took to hide herself, to be what she was expected to be. She didn’t feel she was allowed to be herself.”
He turned his back.
“But she does with me,” I added.
“And how did you do that?” His tone was clipped by sarcasm, but I heard it. He honestly wanted to know.
“I asked her what she wanted.”
He paused then showed his pigheadedness in full force, muttering, “Incapable of telling her no.”
Now he was pushing my limits, and my blood pressure rose, forcing me to my feet. “She deserves anything she wants, but she’s only ever wanted me. She’s only ever been with me.”
He didn’t move.
Speaking through my teeth, I added, “She’s not a whore.”
He cringed from his own words.
I saw his shame but drove the point home anyway. “You can’t possibly comprehend what you did to her. She cried every night from hearing your words in her dreams, echoing in her mind, stripping her self-worth. The one person she most wanted to please, most wanted to feel pride in her, seemed to think it nothing to destroy her. She wasn’t right for the longest time. It was as if she had been raped. She felt dirty. She’s good at pretending, but I saw her at night when her strength had been depleted. I don’t know what she would’ve done if we hadn’t been together.”
His voice shook. “Is she—”
“She had to choose, and I thank God she chose to believe me.”
His frame caved, head bowed.
I doubted his reason for coming was an apology, so I found enough compassion to move on. “Why have you come? What could you possibly want to talk to her about?”
“To make sure she’s all right.”
“She’s happy. For the first time in her life she feels content to be herself, to be Becca. Nothing is expected of her except to be happy and to allow herself to write as much as she wants.”
Finally meeting my eyes, he turned to ask, “Can I talk to her?”
My answer would’ve been “Hell no,” but it was Becca’s decision. Moving a few feet closer, I warned, “I won’t let you hurt her again. She may be your daughter, but she’s my wife. I made a promise to protect her.”
“Jonathan?” She had woken and come to find me. Standing just at the end of the hall, she looked nervous, no, scared.
His presence was instantly peripheral, and I walked past him to her. She glanced around me but didn’t hesitate when I guided her back to our room, my arm tightly holding, supporting.
I sat her on the edge of the bed then squatted in front of her and held her hands.
“What does he want?” she asked.
“To talk to you. He said he wants to make sure you’re all right.”
Her face curved in confusion. “Why?”
“I don’t know, but I’ll do whatever you want. If you want to talk, I’ll stay with you, and if you want him gone, I’ll get rid of him.”
“Is he mad?”
“No. I think he’s ashamed.”
“Is he all right?” He couldn’t possibly deserve a daughter like her.
“I’m sure he’s fine, but I’m only concerned about you.”
It took her several minutes to decide, and she demonstrated what a good daughter she was.
We dressed more fully, then walked hand in hand toward the living room. He was seated on the same spot back on the couch, reading one of my students’ papers. As he noticed us, he stood and shocked me by moving as if to hug her. She flinched back, pulling closer to me. He looked crushed but then recovered himself.
Knowing she wouldn’t want to sit next to him, I led her to the armchair opposite the couch by the fireplace and then stood next to her, keeping her hand.
He again seemed to be waiting for someone else to talk, but Becca was just as good at silence and waiting as I was. He reattempted casual politeness.
He gestured at the coffee table. “What are all these?”
“Essays on Genesis,” I said.
He obviously didn’t get it, so Becca clarified. “He teaches at UV.”
Even with all her stress, her tone rang beautifully in my ears. She was gloating. She had made all my fantasies come true. I wished I could do something for her, something to fill the gap, to complete her happiness.
The irritation smoothed out of my voice. “She’s here and she’s willing to listen. What would you like to tell her?”
He looked down at the table. His eyes were blank, not from stress but as though he saw something there, something he was contemplating.
“Much can be accomplished in one day,” I said.
His eyebrows pulled together.
She reached over and lifted one from the pile. “This one is my favorite.”
“I knew you’d like that one,” I said.
He had already begun reading and finished quickly. His eyebrows stayed together.
“It doesn’t have to make sense to you,” I said. “You need only trust your daughter to be wise. She knows when something is right.”
He stood and moved a few steps toward the kitchen. His back as stiff as a tree trunk, he rubbed his hand down his face.
“I know,” he murmured.
The pain in his voice reflected in Becca’s face. She stood, but before letting go, she turned to me to show in her expression what she needed to do.
“I’m here,” I said.
A small smile crowded the pain, and she slowly went to him, still careful, tentative.
I knew she wanted to comfort him. Apparently, the need to defend me was stronger. Her tone soft, she said, “You were wrong about him.”
Still turned away, he paused but then admitted, “Yes.”
“I want you to know him.”
His head turned to show a furrowed forehead, and pain seeping from his eyes. “I want to know you first. He understands you. I want that.”
I watched as relief overwhelmed her. The tears washed down her cheeks, and she reached for his hand.
He gripped tightly. Then his head bowed, as if the shame devoured him from within. His voice was raw, his pride and will being stripped from him. “I’m so sorry, Rebecca. I never wanted to hurt you.” Voice now shaking, he went on. “I can never expect forgiveness, but I want you to know I was wrong.”
She whispered only one word. “Daddy.”
His breath pulled in as if for the first time.
She didn’t flinch from the hug.
Her head on his shoulder, she met my eyes, and I watched the wholeness solidify as she finally completely became Becca.
~* * *~
Explore the Use of the Word “And” in Genesis
The grammatical purpose of the word is to connect concepts and events. It draws a parallel in some ways and contrasts in others, and it also shows timing. It’s used to show that two events happen at the same time or directly following each other, but in Genesis more than two events are connected. By the constant use of the word, we are shown how the creation of the Heavens and Earth was accomplished in seven days. We are shown the layering of events as they are connected and build from each other at an exponential rate. From one thing, comes another and another until it’s a deluge, perfectly ordered and synchronized.
Of course, it’s incomprehensible for so much to be accomplished in such a short time. How is it possible that land and sea and vegetation covering the Earth be created, not just plopped down, but designed and invented in one day? The scientists say it’s impossible, but who knows. Why not?
They say Rome wasn’t built in a day, but some things are. The world grows and develops quickly, but we’re too close. We can’t see it. Sometimes, though, if you’re paying attention, you’ll catch a burst, like a solar flare. A whole life can change in an instant, or perhaps in one day.


CHAPTER FORTY-ONE
REBECCA

“And what do you want for Christmas?” he asked Anna, and she began rattling off.
My father had taken his desire to know me and shook it like a blanket to cover his whole family.
His wife smiled to herself as she poured eggnog in the kitchen.
Both Jonathan’s and my families were packed into our little bungalow on Christmas Eve. My parents, my sister and her family, and Father Thomas were scattered about the living room, every seat filled and some double-occupied. My mother handed my father a glass and then sat on his knee.
I’d worried about what everyone would find to talk about. What kind of common ground was there for a priest and a lawyer? Apparently enough, to Jonathan’s embarrassment. He had been the main topic throughout dinner as Father Thomas relayed several fun stories. He thoroughly seemed to enjoy himself.
Now the interest broadened to include me.
“They need playmates,” Evie said as she handed me baby Richie.
I turned to Jonathan, managing not to grin. “What do you think?”
“I agree with you. Andy or Mary.”
“What happened to your rule?” All of a sudden Ys were acceptable—even for his child?
“There are a few exceptions.”
My father was the quickest. “Why didn’t you tell us?”
“It’s your Christmas present,” I said.
He glowed with happiness, and Jonathan whispered in my ear. “He’s found wisdom and judgment.”
About The Author

M. S. Kaye has won several writing awards and has been published in literary journals. She is a 4th degree black belt and certified instructor of Songahm Taekwondo. A transplant from Ohio, she resides with her husband Corey in Jacksonville, FL, where she does her best not to melt in the sun.
Website: http://www.booksbymsk.com

