Closer- The Full Curse
By Kam Carr
Smashwords Edition

* * * *
Published by Kam Carr at Smashwords
ePub ISBN: 9781311730404
Closer- the full curse
Copyright 2013 by Kam Carr

Heart beats fast
Colours and promises
How to be brave?
How can I love when I'm afraid to fall
But watching you stand alone?
All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow
One step closer
Time stands still
Beauty in all she is
I will be brave
I will not let anything take away
What's standing in front of me
Every breath
Every hour has come to this
One step closer
I have died everyday waiting for you
Darling don't be afraid I have loved you....
One step closer
- Lyrics from Christina Perri A thousand years

Chapter One
“Angus!!” screamed the voice.
She woke up startled, the voice once more cried out. She slowly got out of bed, crept out of her door and down the hall towards her Grandmothers room.
“Angus.” It wasn't a scream any more. It sounded more like a cry. She opened the door and a figure was rocking in the darkness. She switched the light on and there her Grandmother stood rocking from side to side in front of the window.
“Angus?” She asked, turning round to look at Tammy; her eyes lost and the only expression on her fragile face was confusion.
Tammy felt a pang of sadness for her Grandmother, she was now just a shell of the woman she once was. It seemed in the last few months her dementia had gotten worse; to the point Tammy didn't recognize the woman before her. Tammy walked over to her Grandmother and guided her back to bed.
“Where's Angus?” Her voice was full of distress.
“I don't know Gran,” Tammy replied, beginning to tuck her Grandmother into bed as if she was a young child. “Who's Angus?” She perched on the end of the bed and moved a strand of brown hair from her Grandmothers forehead. 
It was normal for her Grandmother to ask about the whereabouts of people. Normally it was her Grandfather, who had died a few years back. Or she would ask for her baby, which of course her mother was no longer was. But Angus? She had never heard of such a person.
She watched as her Gran's eyes widen. “It's beginning,” she growled. “It's awakening.... Just like Angus did....”
Tammy leaned forward and gave her Gran a kiss on the forehead. She didn't know what any of that meant. “Get some sleep,” she smiled as she slowly got up and left the room. Tammy walked back into her room and climbed into bed. 
Her Grandmother was getting worse and there was nothing she could do to stop anything. Her family couldn't even afford any treatment or care. Tammy hated being poor, she couldn't even afford college, so there was no chance she would gain qualifications to make money.
Her father had been made redundant when the steel factory closed a few months ago. They were all trying to survive on Tammy's and her mothers' earnings. Tammy worked in the only bookstore in Ashville. Even though it didn't pay very much she got to spend her days lost in books. Her mother worked as a cleaner working very long hours. Her father now remained mainly at home to take care of her Grandmother.
Life was dull, glum and lonely. Tammy did have a few friends, but they all seemed too busy to even bother with her. Like she cared, she wasn't ready to get married like Rose or Jenna. In fact, she wasn't really a typical twenty-one year old. Men, in her opinion, were trouble and too time consuming. She would take a dull, glum and lonely life over being controlled by a man.
Tammy closed her eyes, tomorrow she would ask her mother whom Angus was. That way when her Grandmother asked for him again, she would be able to give a more detailed answer. Finally, she drifted off into a deep sleep.

The morning seemed to come round too quickly for Tammy's liking. She made her way down to the kitchen and began to prepare breakfast. Her mother was sitting at the table, staring at a mug of coffee. She looked tired and defeated, but in spite of everything she was strong willed and wouldn't allow anything to knock her down. Tammy figured that's where she had got it from.
She placed two slices of bread into the toaster, leaning on the counter, she turned to her Mum. “Gran was talking again last night” her words broke her mother's concentration.
“Yeah,” she gave a smile, but it never met her eyes. Tammy studied the black circles which seemed to be getting darker each day. “What did she say?”
“Calling out for Angus” Tammy folded her arms. “Do you know who this Angus is?”
Even her own mother looked confused. “No,” she sighed. “I've never heard of her speak of him before.”
“She also said its beginning, it’s awakening.... Just like Angus did....”
“That's strange,” she shrugged her shoulders and stood up from the table. “I have no idea what she talks about anymore.” She bowed her head and quickly restored herself. “Right no rest for the wicked. I'll see you tonight,” she grabbed her bag and was out of the door.
The toast popped up from the toaster and made Tammy jump. Her Grandmothers words had actually intrigued her. To top it all her mother didn't know what any of that meant. Maybe after work she would sit down with her Grandmother and find out.
The shop was quiet—as always. Tammy was sitting on the sofa next to the shop window reading a book. She was in complete charge this afternoon as her boss Mrs Waters had needed to go out of town till tomorrow. Tammy loved reading. She loved all the Bronte classics. However, she loved re-reading Emma and Little Women. It was a shame she would never get to visit where these masterpieces had been written.
It sucked being poor, Tammy had a funny feeling she would never actually leave Ashville. She would end up like her mother and one day, maybe like her Grandmother. This wasn't a life. She felt she was just excising, maybe that's why she loved to get lost in her books.
The shop door bell rang and Tammy jumped. Her eyes looked over at the man standing in the doorway. His tall, lean frame gracefully walking in, her eyes looked up to his face. He was beautiful, breathtaking beautiful; His strong jaw, sculptured cheekbones and nose. Pink full lips and a mass of jet black hair.
Tammy slowly got up off the sofa. “Can I help you?” She managed to say, her eyes still fixated on the perfect stranger.
He looked over at her. “No,” he snorted. “Wrong store!” With that, he turned on his heel and marched out of the bookshop. Tammy quickly ran to the door to watch the stranger walk down the street. Who was he? He was new that she was sure of. Tammy doubted very much she would see him again. He was just passing through, like many others did.
The stranger had now vanished and her eyes turned to the house which sat up on the hills looking down on the town square of Ashville. The people who lived there were like the royal family of Ashville. But yet, no one knew exactly who they were. They didn't mix with anyone. They just handed out donations to local causes.
The house intrigued her. She wondered why they would hide away from everyone. There had to be a secret and Tammy would love to find it out. She shook her head and stepped back into the bookshop, back over to the sofa and carried on reading her book.
That night she got in from work and headed straight to her Gran's room. Her Gran was sat in her chair staring out of her window. She had a perfect view of Ashville's countryside.
“Hey, Gran,” Tammy smiled, crouching down on the floor next to her Gran's feet. “I was just wondering who Angus was?”
Her Gran's head whipped round in Tammy's direction. “Angus?” She whispered, her eyes going wild. “They are back!” She stood up and glared at Tammy. “Their boy has awoken with age.”
Tammy stood up and grabbed hold of her Grandmother's hand. “What?” She laughed, none of this made any sense. “Gran, what are you trying to say?”
“Angus... He died,” she started bursting out into tears. “He died.”
Tammy felt really bad now for even asking anything. She pulled her Grandmother into her and hugged her hard. Tammy vowed she would never ask her Grandmother about this Angus any more. The whole thing had filled her inquisitive mind. What was all this awakening of age? Although, there was a chance this was all in her Gran's imagination.
Tammy made her way downstairs after making sure her Grandmother had calmed down. Her father was in the kitchen sorting out dinner. Obviously, her mother was working late again.
“Something came for you today” her Dad pointed to an envelope sitting on the side.
“Really?” Tammy said, surprised as no one ever wrote to her. She picked up the ivory envelope and began to study it. The handwriting was neat. Miss T. Miller.
Tammy stuffed the envelope into her jeans back pocket and decided she would read it later. The sun was still out, so she decided to grab a blanket, sit outside and do some more reading before dinner.
The sun beamed down on her pale skin and she tried to get lost in her book. The envelope felt like it was burning in her pocket and she was now itching to read what was inside. She placed her book down and retrieved the ivory envelope. She quickly tore it open and pulled out the white card.
It was an invitation. An invitation to the Ashville manor--- the house on the hills. She jumped up and ran inside the house.
“Dad!” She yelled as she waved the card in the air. Her Mother had now returned from work and was sitting at her favourite place at the table. “Mum, look!” She slammed the card down in front of her Mother. “They have invited me to their home?”
“Who?” Her Mother began to read the card.
“Why would strangers invite me to their home? No one ever sees them.” She thought out loud.
“Like I said,” a ghostly voice appeared in the kitchen. Tammy's eyes fell on her Grandmother standing in the doorway. “The boy has awoken of age....”

Chapter Two
According to her Grandmother awakening of age occurred to the boys when they reached twenty-one. After that she didn't say any more. So, Tammy had been invited to 21st Birthday party for a complete stranger that didn't even mix with anyone.
She was curious that was sure, but more curious to see who lived in the house and what it looked like inside. Her mother had obviously told her to dismiss anything her Grandmother had told her. There was no way Tammy was going to turn down the invitation. This was the first excitement she'd had in her whole life. How was she going to get through the next few days? Saturday felt like a long time to wait.
Her boss, Mrs Waters had been shocked by the invitation. She had lived in Ashville for over 50 years and not once had she seen something like this. This only in fuelled Tammy more... She wondered who else had been invited and wondered what this boy looked like. If he looked an inch like the perfect stranger, she would be in her element.
Thankfully, the tiny amount of money she'd managed to save paid for a new dress. She had thought about buying a card and present, but had no idea what to get. So, she had decided she would explain this at the party. Surely no one would take offence. What do you buy someone you have never met?
***
This whole thing is a waste of time, he thought as he stared out of the window. He watched as the cars pulled up and girls wearing their finest dresses entered his home. All of them smiling and itching to take a look at the strangers who lived here. If only they knew the real reason behind their spontaneous invites. All of them would go screaming for the hills.
He turned to leave the room. It was time to host his gathering. He made his way to the banquet hall. His parents had gone over the top. Of course, it had been decades since one of them had to do this degrading event. All their hopes and dreams lay at his feet, like he would be able to change centuries of hell. His own father couldn't do it and his Uncle had died trying. There was no ending to this hell, why couldn't they see it?
He entered the banquet hall. The girls were all in awe of the antique furniture and the grand paintings. The smell of them burned his nose and he could feel himself flinch. This was painful – just like his father had described. At the end of the day, this was how his father had met his mother. So, it couldn't all be bad.
He grabbed a glass of wine off a waiter and downed it. He started to scan the room-- who's first? He thought. His eyes moving from one girl to the next. None of them seemed interesting to him.
His eyes fell on a dainty girl dressed in a blue dress, her brown hair in a loose ponytail. He had seen her somewhere before. Ah, yes, the bookshop. He started to study her, her pale skin was flawless and she was staring at a portrait of his Uncle. Her dress didn't look very expensive and her shoes were falling apart. Poor thing! He would leave her for last.
“Well,” his father placed a hand on his shoulder. “Anyone?”
“Please!” He snarled. “You make this sound like an easy thing to do. It's taking all my strength to not drain the room.”
His father's eyes narrowed. “Keep your voice down,” he hissed. “None of them should know our secret until one has been chosen.” He rubbed his brow in frustration. “Do you not remember what happened to your uncle? One slip up and we will all be in danger!”
“Yes!” he hissed back. “I've heard the story a million times.”
“Good,” his father now patted his back. “Do what you have to do... Let's get this over with quickly. Your mother is relying on you, Dante. Don't let her down!”
He handed his father the empty wine glass. “Fine,” he snapped abruptly. “I'll do this quickly,” he gave a sly grin and marched over to the bookshop girl. 
As he passed a few girls would stop mid- sentence and stare at him. Dumb girls! He thought. He was designed to do that. He hated being watched and made to feel like nothing. The girl was still looking at the painting, surely by now there was nothing more to look at. He gave a cough and the girl turned to face him, her tiny face taking him in; just like she had done the last time they had met. It had made him feel uncomfortable then too.
He held out his hand, “hello” he smiled. “I'm Dante Renaldo,” her mouth opened but no words emerged. “I believe we have met before... You are?”
“Tammy” she mumbled, her eyes never moving from him. “Yes, we have met before in the shop I work in.”
“I gathered that” he looked round the room. The party was over, he'd had enough now. His eyes looked back to Tammy. “Well, we don't have to get to know each other now.” A little smile hit his lips. “We have plenty of time for that.” He added, backing away slightly from her. Her eyes were wide with wonder. “Enjoy!” He turned on his heel and marched back to his Father. “Her” he grunted.
A massive smile appeared on his Dad's face. “Good,” he sounded pleased. “I'll deal with it.”
Before Dante disappeared from the room, he looked back over his shoulder and at Tammy. Yes, she will do. She wasn't bad looking herself and her smell didn't burn his nose-- that was exactly what he was looking for!
***
Tammy walked home from the party, well if you could it a party. Tammy stopped outside her run down little house, a car she'd never seen before was parked outside. She pulled her keys out of her bag and walked up the steps to her front door and let herself in. A few voices were coming from the living room and she was pretty sure she could hear her mother crying.
Sat down next to the stairs was a couple of tired looking suitcase. Was someone leaving or someone staying? Tammy made her way into the living room, her mother sat on the sofa in floods of tears, her father by her side trying to give her some comfort.
Tammy could feel someone standing behind her. She slowly turned round, a tall, well built man with the exact same features as Dante with thick black hair was smiling at her.
“Mr and Mrs Miller” his voice low and slightly husky. “I'll be waiting in my car.” He slowly made his way out of the room.
Both her parents' eyes were on her now. Tammy was getting the feeling she wasn't about to like what she was told. “Who was he?”
Her father stood up. “Look, we had no idea this was going to happen.” He was speaking very fast and Tammy began to feel very uneasy. “He has come here to ask for your hand in marriage.”
Tammy burst out laughing. “What? Him? Ha, I do not think so.” This was a joke and a very good one. Tammy shook her head. She was dying to get out of this dress. “I'm going to my room.”
“Tammy,” it was now her mother that spoke. “Not him... His son! And your father agreed. You leave tonight to go and stay in Ashville manor.”
Tammy froze on the spot, the suitcases! Her mother in flood of tears! “No!” she cried, her anger targeted at her father. “You don't have the right to do this!” Her father hung his head down in shame. “Who does this? You can't just walk into someone's home and make these demands.”
“He's paid us!” Her father yelled.
Tammy felt like someone had punched her in the chest. Her body was physically shaking and her mind racing with fear. Sold? Her father had sold her to strangers? For all she knew they could be cold killers. Her father had put money over his own flesh and blood. They were poor, she knew that, but this was going a little too extreme.
“The money will help with Gran” her mother continued. “We will be able to get her treatment and care.” Tammy's jaw dropped in shock that was the reason. Even her own Gran wouldn't allow this. This was wrong on so many levels. Her mothers' tears had now dried up and they were both waiting for Tammy's reaction.
“Tammy,” her dad said. “Sir Renaldo has promised us he will look after you and keep you safe.” Tammy didn't reply, right now she hated her father. “I'll take your things to the car.”
The minute he left the room. Tammy raced over to her mother, falling onto her knees. “Please, please, please” she begged, clutching on to her mother's hands. “You can't let this happen... Stop it, please!”
Her mother's hand reached out and touched Tammy on the face. “Don't you see,” she gave a slight smile. “This is your chance.”
“My chance of what? Death? Rape?” She spat. “We don't know anything about these people. Normal people don't pay people to marry their children. You have to do something,” she demanded.
“Tammy, sweetie... These people are rich. You'll be marrying into money. So, you never love this boy, but at least you won't have to endure this life anymore. Anything is better than this.”
Tammy narrowed her eyes, had those words actually come from her own mother’s mouth? She wanted her gone too. Why was everything about money? Her life wasn't that bad, not bad enough that she had to agree to this weird occurrence.
“Go and do this for me, please” it was a plea. Her mother was begging her to go and do this. Tammy looked into her mother's eyes. There was no fear in her face. Sadness, yes, but she didn't look scared.
Tammy gave her mother a hug, slowly rose to her feet and made her way out of the house. She couldn't believe she was doing this. She hadn't even said goodbye to her Gran. She didn't want to spend another minute in a house where she didn't belong. This was nothing to do with her parents--she hated them. This was for her Grandmother, if her doing this made her Gran's last days of life easier, then it was worth it. As she got into the back of the car she made a conscience decision never to come back to this house again and she would never speak another word to her parents. As from now, they were both dead to her!
***
“Here is your room” Sir Renaldo said as he opened the door for Tammy. Tammy stepped inside. She didn't care to take in the room. She didn't want to be here, now she had no choice after the decision she'd made. She walked over to the bed and sat down. She watched as Sir Renaldo put down the cases.
“Its okay, Dad,” said a voice. “I'll take it from here.”
Tammy looked up and Dante had now appeared in the room. So, here was her husband to be. Tammy glared at what was once her perfect stranger. Had his party been a hoax? Was that the only way he was able to meet women. What had happened to courting? Tammy took her eyes off him and stared down at the floor. This was wrong...
“Tammy,” Dante's voice was smooth and crisp. Any other girl would have probably got chills from it. Tammy cringed at the thought of him being anywhere near her. “I'm glad you agreed to this.”
“What's this about?” Tammy snapped.
“It's been a long day” Dante said, ignoring Tammy's question. “Maybe you should sleep.”
Tammy looked up and narrowed her eyes. He was already trying to control her, which made Tammy cross. This was exactly why she had tried to avoid marriage. “Tell me,” she ordered. “What is this all about?”
Their eyes locked, he took in a deep breath and suddenly Tammy felt funny, as if something was being pulled away from her. Her eyes began to get heavy and her body felt drained. She tried to keep her eyes open, but failed. She felt hands lay her down on the bed.
“See, I said you were tired” laughed a cold voice. “I'll explain in the morning.”
The darkness set in and Tammy was fast asleep.
***
He heard her feet stomp down the wooden staircase. She appeared in the doorway of the kitchen, still dressed in the blue dress from yesterday.
“Morning,” he mumbled, sitting at the breakfast table. “My mother went to the trouble of making you breakfast,” he waved his hand over the table. As per usual, his mother had gone over the top. She didn't speak, just glared at him. He felt his lips twitch. She was not going to be easy to deal with. “Come! Eat!” Tammy slowly walked over to the table. She sat down and folded her arms. Her eyes were still burning into him. “Sleep well?” He laughed at his private joke.
“Better than I wanted to,” she quickly replied. In fact, she had no idea what had happened last night. She didn't even remember laying down and closing her eyes. She was just putting it down to trauma. She looked over the table at all the food, there was enough here to feed her family for at least a month. These people liked to flash their money about. Her eyes looked back at Dante, his eyes still staring. She wondered what he was thinking about.
“Aren’t you going to eat?” He pushed a box of cereal in her direction.
“Are you?”
He tilted his head to the side and gave an amused smile. Like he knew something she didn't and she was dying to know. “I have already eaten” he smirked.
Tammy rolled her eyes and poured some cereal into a bowl. “Where are your parents?” She asked as she poured in the milk. His staring was beginning to make her feel uneasy. There was something not right with him. His eyes were a much brighter shade of brown than they were yesterday. He didn't look as dark and dangerous as he did at their first encounter. Tammy shook her head and dismissed the idea. She was starting to sound like a crazy person, no one's eyes changed colour. She started to eat her cereal.
“They’ve gone away for five days” Tammy stopped eating and looked at him shocked. “It's a tradition,” he added.
“A Tradition?” Tammy replied, “None of this is tradition. What happened to courtship, stolen kisses and getting down on one knee?” She focused back on her cereal.
“An old romantic” Dante laughed. “Can't you just be grateful that my family has taken you away from your miserable life?”
“My life was not miserable... Hard, maybe... But not miserable!”
He rested his elbows on the table and scowled at the ungrateful girl. “Can't you see this as a win-win situation” his voice low. She was starting to bug him and he had no idea how he was going to make her warm to him. Five days didn't seem enough time.
Tammy raised an eyebrow and swallowed what was in her mouth. “Why do I get the feeling this is something more than you gaining a wife?” Something chilled inside her. She couldn't explain what that feeling was.
“You're quick,” he smiled, that breathtaking smile. Tammy felt herself lower in her chair, now he had her intrigued. He quickly jumped up and ran a hand through his black hair. “I'm going for a swim... I expect you to join me.” Tammy just stared at him dumbstruck. “You may go and change,” he hissed. “My mother left a few things in your bathroom.”
Tammy dropped her spoon in her unfinished breakfast. She had lost her appetite anyway. She rose up and left the kitchen. She ran upstairs and into the room, she was staying. She closed the door and rested up against it. Her heart raced and her breathing erratic. What was going on? With her and this whole weird situation.
She entered the bathroom connected to the room. Sitting on the black marble counter was a black swimming suit.
The bathroom was bigger than her bedroom at home. Tammy felt a pang of sadness. She could no longer call it home, after all her father had sold her to the one who was making her heart race and dragging her into some crazy world.
Tammy liked the pure white rolled down bath, she could use that as a swimming pool, and it was massive. She picked up the swimming suit and cringed, she had been swimming, but it had been a while. Also, she couldn't just slip it on and be done. She had a lot of prep work to do.
She caught her reflection in the large mirror. Now she was here, there was no point dwelling on what had happened. There was a dark part of her fascinated with the mystery with what was going on.
A little smile appeared on her pale little face. She could have her own fun, have her own game plan, and find out all of Dante's dark secrets. Even if they did get married, she was never going to love him. He was very attractive and there was something different about him. Something that called out to her, maybe she should take his words for it-- Why couldn't she see it as a win-win situation?
Although, she would be winning wealth. What was Dante getting out of this? Tammy stopped her thoughts in their tracks. She had to get ready for her swim and gets this game rolling.

What the hell is she doing? Dante thought to himself as he sat on the pool's edge. Surely changing into a swimming suit didn't take this long. She had to be taught not to keep him waiting. He could feel his teeth grit in anger. She hadn't even thanked his mother for the breakfast she had prepared. She was ungrateful and asked too many questions. He would have to teach her not to speak unless she was spoken to.
“What took you so long?” He growled when she finally did grace him with her presence. The swimming suit fitted her slender body perfectly. Her brown hair pulled back in a ponytail, it was her eyes that caught his attention the most. They were far too big for her tiny doll featured face. In fact, everything about her reminded him of a little pale doll.
Tammy shrugged and sat down next to him at the pool's edge. “Sometimes a girl just needs time.”
Dante let out a groan of annoyance. “Time is something we do not have. We only have five days to get to know each other.” His eyes turned to look at her. “Maybe you should remember that!”
Tammy gave a little chuckle and Dante's expression hardened. “Five days? You can't get to know someone in five days!”
“Do not laugh at my family's traditions. After all, no one forced you to my house yesterday” he hissed. “You came just like all the others did-- to find out who the freaks were!”
Tammy's jaw opened in shock. Okay, she did come to see who lived here, but she hadn't thought of them as freaks. She shook her head and folded her arms. Dante rolled his eyes, everything about her screamed child.
“I actually came because I thought I was invited to a 21st Birthday” She turned her nose up. “It looks like I was duped.”
It was now Dante's turn to laugh. She really did have a vivid imagination. “21? I am 27.” He tilted his head to the side and the sadness flooded through him. “I was late awakening. My parents had hoped it had missed me completely.”
Tammy looked over at him curiously, his tone had softened and he was just staring out at the water. There was that word, the same word her Gran had kept saying. “What had missed you?” The hairs on her arms stood on end. A chill ran through her blood as she remembered everything her Grandmother had said.
“The curse,” he shrugged his shoulders and dropped himself into the pool. “Are you coming?”
Tammy stared at him. “Are you not going to tell me any more?” The feeling of intense disappointment began in the pit of her stomach.
“No,” Dante snarled. “Not until I can trust you.” He was about to swim off, but froze, turning back round to look at Tammy. His tall lean, but yet muscular figure commanded every inch of the water. Tammy felt herself swallowing hard, he was very mesmerizing. “I will tell you something...”
Tammy climbed in the pool and swam so she was directly in front him. He had her full attention. One of his masculine fingers ran down her cheek. Tammy gasped as an electric current shot through her and at the gentleness of his touch.
“I’m drawn to you,” he slowly said, a hint of deep husk to his voice. He gave a slight smile and swam away.
Tammy stood frozen in the pool, what did this all mean? She was starting to get dizzy from his weird mood changes. He was drawn to her. What did that mean? Tammy had only one choice, she had to gain Dante's trust and then she would know the real reason why she was here with this perfect dark and dangerous stranger.

Chapter Three
After their swim Dante had suggested they should go and sunbathe on the terrace. Tammy was only too obliged to anything he suggested, she hoped if she remained on his good side he might devour some more information. Every so often Tammy would take a peek at Dante, who was lying on his sun bed lost in the sun, his black sunglasses hid away his eyes. His skin slightly glowing from the suns rays.
Tammy had decided there was something different about him. After all she had never heard anyone like her use awakening of age and curse in the same sentence.
She turned on her side and propped her head in her hands. She slowly followed the length of his body. He didn't look any different from any other man. His words kept swirling around in her head 'I am drawn to you'-- in what way? Sexually. Tammy felt her cheeks blush... She had never considered herself sexy before. No, she doubted very much it was in a sexual way. What would draw a perfect man like him to fragile-too skinny pale girl like her?
“You're staring,” Dante snapped, as he turned on his side to face Tammy. “What do you want to know now?” He removed his sunglasses and gave Tammy his full attention. He had been watching her himself for a while, hiding behind his dark shades. She was fascinating to watch, it was the blushing that had made him chuckle to him. He wondered what had caused that, maybe later he would find out.
“What did you mean you're drawn to me?” Tammy asked. The words seemed to just blurt out her mouth.
Dante sat up a little. He had been expecting that question. “I'm not entirely sure,” he took in a deep breath. “The other day while I was walking around the town, something drew me to the book store. I didn't even realize I had gone in” his eyes locked with Tammy's and she felt that electric current again. “Till I saw you” Dante swallowed hard as he remembered how he had felt in Tammy's presence.
It had been her scent, but not that alone, there was something else. He just couldn't figure out what. Once he realized Tammy was alone, he had panicked and walked out. He had been afraid, not sure if he would have been able to control his new feelings and wants.
He’d felt exactly the same at the party. Now everything was being made official, he could wait to give in. He shook his head. He no longer wanted to talk about his dark wants.
He jumped up, stretching his arms high in the air. “You must be hungry,” he ordered, he gave a little laugh, another of his private jokes.
Tammy sat up with that puzzled look on her face. “You haven't finished answering my question.”
“There's no need” Dante added. “All you need to know is you weren't a random choice. There is something about you that calls out to me.” He rubbed his chin. “I am not sure if it's your scent or your energy.”
Tammy gave a little laugh. “What are you talking about the scent or energy? All your riddles of answers are starting to give me a headache.”
“I told you I will tell you everything once I can trust you” Dante yelled.
“Are you afraid I'll tell people?” Tammy asked, feeling slightly wounded. She had never been a gossip in her life. Tammy stood up and gave Dante her evil glare, in fact mimicking the way he had once looked at her. “I would never tell a soul... Maybe you just have trust issues,” she stormed off back into the house.
“Grr,” Dante roared letting out his anger. She was such a frustrating little being. Trust issues-- of course he had trust issues. This was all new to him, so how was he meant to know how to react to others.
Dante sat back on the sun bed and remembered how easy his life had been just a few months ago. He had moved out, had an apartment and a job. His parents had been so sure the curse had somehow missed him.
Then one morning he woke up and started to feel strange. He rang his father immediately and they had ordered him home. Now, he had to endure HER!! Annoying little woman. Who at every chance asked questions? Why couldn't she just wait till he was ready to explain?
“Damn this life!” He hissed, he laughed at his choice of word. Damn! He was most certainly damned. Unless he was the one to break this curse of centuries. The only problem was breaking the curse involved Tammy. Although, at least he knew how to shut her up.
That was the first time he had drained someone of their energy. It had been easier than he'd thought or maybe it was because it had been Tammy. Something deep inside of her called out to him, he felt like he was being gravitated towards her. A moth to a flame... She did annoy him. Although, this was only the first day and he wasn't making such a great impression himself.
He had to learn to control his temper, not to flip out so easily. That was hard to do around her. He had to make this work. The thought of going through the whole process of finding someone else was too much hard work. He had to come up with something that would soften her up... He didn't have a clue.
Tammy slammed the bedroom door behind her that man was beginning to get on her last nerve. He and his family had dragged her here and he wasn't even giving her an explanation, just going around the houses and dodging every question she asked.
She walked over to the bathroom and grabbed the cotton robe from the back of the door. She wrapped the robe around her and for the first time felt a little assurance and comfort. She strolled over to the bed and lay down. She had to admit she was beginning to like him, but that was only physical, she didn't like his mannerisms or the way he spoke abruptly at her.
There was a knock on her door, God! Couldn't she have five minutes without him? He was probably coming to tell her to eat. Why was he bossy? Probably because he was older than her or he had some need to be in charge.
The door opened and Dante stepped into the room now fully dressed in jeans and a blue cotton shirt. Tammy didn't look at him. She just lay on the bed, staring up at the fancy painted ceiling.
“Mmmm,” Dante walked round to the front of the bed. “I came to say sorry for the way I have just behaved.”
“You should be!” Tammy sat up and now wished she hadn't looked at him. The blue shirt looked amazing on him, making his porcelain skin very striking. She looked down at her hands and fidgeted slightly. “I don't know why you have to be rude... It's not like I asked to be here.”
“Yeah, well,” he huffed. “I didn't ask for any of this either!”
“See,” Tammy threw her hands in the air. “You're doing it again. Nothing you say means anything to me.” She crawled down to the end of the bed and sat cross legged directly in front of Dante. “Can't you tell me something, just so I understand,” she gave him her best girly smile which made Dante back away a little.
His appearance changed slowly, he had been defeated by that smile. Damn it! He shrugged and sat down next to her. Okay, he would tell her about the curse. Only the curse. His lips twitched and he couldn't believe she had managed to get round him so easily with just a smile.
“Okay,” he coughed and Tammy gave a smile of delight. “The curse,” he said firmly.
Tammy nodded and laid down on her stomach, she wanted to listen and now knew the way to get round this dark and dangerous stranger. Well, if you could still call him a stranger.
“You’re not concentrating” Dante snapped.
Tammy regained herself. “I am now. You may begin...”
Dante looked at Tammy again just to make sure she was paying attention and hadn't disappeared back into that daydream world. Although, he was fascinated by watching her drift away there. He sat straight and looked away.
“My great great great great Grandfather was a witch hunter--you ever heard of witch hunting?” Tammy nodded. Well at least he didn't have to explain that. “He would travel around England searching for them. Half of them weren't witches, of course, just women with problems. People were very superstitious back then... They would drown or burn them at the stake. A lot of innocent people died.”
Dante got comfortable. He was actually enjoying telling the story. Just like Tammy he laid down on the bed on his stomach beside her. “Anyway, he did this for years. During the time he got married and his wife became pregnant. In the village he lived in something strange became to happen, children began to go missing during the night. They just vanished, my Grandfather and his two brothers would go out, but there was never any sign of them.”
“They had to come up with a plan, the only reasonable one was to hide and keep guard. Whoever it was never returned, so life got back to normal. He started to carry on with his witch hunting, then one night he and his brothers were in the forest and they could hear children giggling in the night. They followed the sound and came to an odd looking house. One of the brothers recognized his own son. They dashed into the house and found a woman.” He turned to Tammy, “Are you still with me?”
Tammy nodded and Dante carried on. ..“The woman realized who he was and got very defensive. Instantly, he knew she was a witch and grabbed his dagger, ready to kill her. She did something with her eyes” Dante's voice full of suspense. Tammy had to admit he was a very storyteller.
“That look had paralyzed his whole body. She kept telling him she had been waiting for him and that he had to be punished for torturing and killing her sisters... She took the dagger and stabbed the palm of her hand, then did the same to him. She brought his palm to her and their blood mixed. She started to chant and he started to change inside, his body was being to process her blood and he became thirsty for something he wasn't sure of.”
“When she pulled her hand away from his, he fell to the floor and she quoted... “Thou shell be the man of night, thou son's shell be the son's of the night. Your family is doomed. For once a boy awakes of age a daughter shell never come his way. He couldn't ask her any questions as she plunged the dagger into her heart.”
Dante's voice grew softer and his eyes lowered. “He couldn't speak of what had happened only to his wife and his brothers swore they would never tell. As time went on he learned of what she meant and learned to deal with his new needs thanks to his wife. His wife gave birth to a boy, as years went by they thought he was safe. Once he turned 21 he became what his father was. His father decided they would move here and he would help his son find a wife-- who could be what his mother was to his father. That's really how the tradition started...”
“So, did he have a daughter?” Tammy asked, out of curiosity.
“No,” Dante said with sadness. “A girl hasn't been born in my family for over four generations.”
Tammy rested her hand on Dante's which took him by surprise. Her hand felt soft and warm, he actually liked the feel of her skin next to his.
“Are you what HE was?” Her eyes were wide and she waited for Dante to answer. He just nodded in reply. “A man of the night?” Dante nodded again. “What is a man of the night?”
He took in a deep breath, he had already gone this far. “A vampire.”
“A vampire?” Tammy said slowly, not really sure how to make sense of it. He didn't look like anything she had read about. His skin was a little too pale, but so was hers. He didn't have weird looking eyes or fangs. She reached out and pressed her hand on his chest. His heart was beating just like hers.
Dante watched her reaction. He knew she was checking him out. Trying to figure out if he was about to jump her and suck her body dry. He wasn't like that, that was just fiction written in books by people who had no idea about real vampires.
Her hand moved from his chest and gently touched his hand, his skin wasn't cold. He was definitely living and not dead. Wasn't vampires Immortal?? She leaned a little closer. “You're not dead!”
A smile finally came to Dante's lips. “Oh my dear Tammy,” he laughed. “Vampires are not immortal.”
“But doesn't a vampire occur when they bite a human?”
“No! Only in films and books. Vampires are born, we grow... In a way you can say we go through puberty twice. First time to become a man, second to become this” his hand moved up and down his body.
“So,” Tammy narrowed her eyes, she was going to dread asking this question. Her hairs were already standing up on end. “What about the blood?” Dante sat up and shrugged. “Don't you need to eat blood to survive?”
“Yes and no,” Dante answered. “Look, we should end this here for now.” He didn't want to explain his needs or her role as he didn't want her to run away. He looked over at her face, she was very beautiful and she smelled wonderful. He had actually grown a little towards her. He had liked the way she had sat and just listened to him. The questions were not even annoying him any more.
No, she is perfect. She would fulfil her role and do it proudly. He was more certain now than ever, he had made the right choice.... Tammy was the one to end this curse.
Tammy nodded. She didn't want to push him too far. At least she knew now, it explained everything. He had opened up to her. He even seemed more relaxed in her presence. This whole thing had made her actually like him a little more. Wow vampire, she felt she was starring in her very own fairy tale with a dark and dangerous prince. Very attractive dark and dangerous prince.

Chapter Four
Tammy woke up to the sun shining through into the bedroom, last night she had slept like a baby. Her dreams filled with Dante, she looked round the room. She had never taken in its beauty, the oak four poster bed, the cream walls and oak furniture. It was something you would see in a grand castle. Now Dante had told her the curse story she felt like she was in a castle full of history which she wanted to learn more about.
Ah, Dante-- her eyes went dreamy, she was developing a crush on him. Which seemed okay after all they were engaged? The rest of yesterday was blissful. Dante had asked her non-stop questions about herself and had even showed her a library situated in the house. Tammy couldn't wait to get lost in all the books that filled that room.
She jumped out of bed and began to rummage through her suitcase. She wanted to look nice, she gave a little giggle. Tammy Miller actually dressing to impress a man? That was something she never thought she would do. Then again, he wasn't just any man.
Tammy lets out a little sigh. Nothing was good enough to wear for him. Each outfit showed how poor she actually was. Finally, she decided on a cotton white summer dress and some strappy sandals. She pulled her hair back into a ponytail.
Every now and then, she did wonder how her Grandmother was. Maybe she should call just to make sure everything was fine. She didn't want to talk to her parents, she was still angry at them. Even though she was having a nice time, she should have been the one to make the decision and not them. Hopefully in time she would forgive them but not now, she wanted them to suffer a little first.
She made her way out of the bedroom and downstairs to the kitchen. Just like the previous morning Dante was sitting at the kitchen table. Today there wasn't a feast, just a bowl, box of cereal and a jug of milk. After all, his mother had left the feast yesterday.
Tammy couldn't wait to meet his mother. It would be nice to finally have a female to chat with around here. She was missing Mrs Waters and the book store. Hopefully, she would get the chance to visit her this week.
“Morning,” Dante smiled, which was a different response than what she got yesterday. “I prepared breakfast,” he looked proud of himself, Tammy gave a little smile and sat down at the table.
“You have done a mighty fine job,” she picked the box of cereal and poured some into the bowl. She was hungry, really hungry. They had forgotten to cook yesterday and then by night she was so tired she just wanted to sleep.
Dante sat back as Tammy began to devour her breakfast. He had never seen a girl eat so quickly and then it clicked. He ran a hand through his hair. “I'm sorry, you must be famished. While my mother is away, I must remember to cook.”
Tammy swallowed what was in her mouth. “Remember to cook?” she laughed. “Don't you have to eat too?” Then she remembered the revelation from yesterday. Of course, he didn't eat-- well, nothing she ate! “Oh, I see,” she carried on eating her cereal. She was trying me ladylike, but she knew she was shovelling it in.
“I'm glad we are on the same page now” he leaned over and wiped a spot of milk off Tammy's chin. “I was thinking” he sat back down in his seat. “We could go for a drive and take a walk along the river.” His eyes gave a wicked glint, Tammy thought she was about to choke, but she managed to avoid it. “You do want courtship.”
Tammy slowly looked up from her bowl. “Really? Courtship?”
“And stolen kisses” Dante added.
“Old romantic” she teased, her cheeks blushing at the thought of him kissing her.
Dante shifted in his seat and rubbed his brow. “I just think it's fair. You want the whole fairy tail thing and I am more horror. Somehow there must be a way to merge the two.”
“A win-win situation” copying exactly what he had said to her yesterday over breakfast.
Dante's mouth opened, but no words came out. For the first time ever, he didn't know how to reply. Woo-ho! Tammy thought to herself, he was speechless and she had done it. Today seemed to be starting on the right foot. Especially with the idea of stolen kisses.
Tammy watched as Dante pulled up at the river side just outside of Ashville. She had to admit his car was very nice, even though she knew nothing about cars, she was pretty sure it costed more than what her parents house was worth. She was still getting sad from not talking to them or her Gran. She felt guilty saying they were dead to her. She should never of thought that, it was wrong.
Dante sat still and watched Tammy as she drifted off into her own world again. He liked they way her big eyes stared ahead and how her teeth would bite down on her lip.
He was surprised by her reaction last night, any other person would of run, but she had been curious about the whole thing. When her hand had touched his chest, he thought his heart was going to leap out. It had only been two days, how could she have this reaction on him already? That's why he had decided to do this for her.
“What do you think about when you do that?” He asked with a slight smile. Her eyes drifted over to him. He rested his head against the seat, waiting to hear her talk. Her voice was actually quite soothing to him.
“I was thinking about my parents and my Grandmother.” She closed her eyes and took in a deep breath. Just saying that out loud brought a little ache to her heart. “When I left I vowed they were dead to me. I shouldn't of thought that. It was a disgusting thing to do.”
Dante could feel her pain. He reached out and grabbed her hand. “You were angry. Any rational person would have thought the same. They just gave you away, that was not fair.”
Tammy's eyes opened wide. Just gave me away? Didn't he know about the money? “They didn't just give me away” Tammy watched Dante's expression harden and he tilted his head to the side. “Your father paid them... I don't know how much, I didn't want to know...”
“He paid them?” Dante roared, Tammy took back her hand and sat back a little. His hands clenched into fists, his jaw tight and his nostrils flaring. “What?” He opened the car door, got out and slammed it shut.
Tammy watched as he paced up and down, one minute his hands were in his hair and then clenched. Tammy got out and walked round towards him.
“Stay back!” He warned, holding his hands up. Tammy froze on the spot. Fear began to flow through her. He looked like a wild animal ready to kill. She hadn't feared him last night, but now he looked like a monster. “I thought you had come on your own free will. How dare he?” He stopped pacing and began to take in deep breaths. “I am sorry, Tammy.” His face relaxed and he turned back into the man in the car. “If you want to go home... Go...”
“No,” Tammy cried, which surprised her, she really didn't want to go home. She wanted to be with him. She placed a hand on her heart, she did... She really did.
Only after two days, was it normal to feel something for someone in such a short period of time? How would she know, she had never been in this situation before. He had been brave enough to tell her his dark secret. She had accepted who he was. A lot of work had been done yesterday and she wasn't willing to give him up.
“No,” he sighed, a little hint of a smile hit his lips.
Tammy shook her head. “I don't want to go home. Don't be mad at your dad” Tammy returned the smile. “He actually done good giving the money, the money is helping my Grandmother with treatment and care.”
“Okay, just as long as one day you don't become hostile towards me and blame me for wrecking your life.” He looked down and the smile dropped off his face. “I don't think I would be able to live with that guilt.”
Tammy now thought it was safe to get closer towards him. She wanted to try something. She moved her arms up and around Dante's waist, pulling him closer towards her. She rested her head on his chest and felt his heart beat against her cheek. At first he froze like a statue, he gave an agonizing groan, as if her hugging him caused him pain. Tammy remained where she was and closed her eyes. Dante's arms gently embraced her back and he rested his chin on the top of her head.
“You're very brave,” he mumbled.
“I’m not brave,” she laughed. “I just know you're not an evil blood sucking monster, Dante.”
Dante pulled away and coughed. “Lunch?” He walked around to the boot of the car, and pulled out picnic basket. He grabbed hold of Tammy's hand, “Come!” He ordered as he marched off dragging Tammy behind him.
Food? Tammy laughed herself. This man was obsessed with looking after her. A warm tingling feeling filled her. The hug had been nice. She would have to remember not to keep reminding him of what he was. It must have made him self-conscience and embarrassed.
He was softening towards her, but the instant mood changes were still there. She would have to learn to deal with them, but this is where she was going to remain and she wasn't going to give up on him. She was drawn to him just like he was to her.
***
Tammy was very impressed with the picnic Dante had put together. She lay on her stomach feeling very contented and happy eating her yoghurt. Dante of course hadn't eaten anything. She hadn't seen him eat anything since she had arrived at his house. He was laid by her side on his back, hands behind his head and those dark sunglasses hiding his eyes.
Then something he had said the other day jumped into her mind. “I've already eaten”. That was his reply when she asked him about breakfast yesterday. What did he mean he had already eaten? Blood?
She turned on her side and placed her spoon back into the pot. “What do you eat?”
“Tammy,” Dante sighed, a little laugh caught in his throat. “Can't we just enjoy the afternoon and avoid the whole vampire thing.”
“I am curious” she said, moving a little closer towards him. She wanted to run her fingers through his hair badly. Since hugging him, she hadn't thought about anything else. “In the curse it said the man of the night... So???”
“Fine,” he removed his sunglasses and turned on his side, now facing Tammy. “At the moment I don't have to eat blood, so stop worrying, I am not going to drain you while you sleep.” Tammy's jaw dropped and Dante rolled his eyes. “I'm joking!”
Tammy closed her eyes and gave a breath of relief. “Oh!” Tammy waited a second, before she asked another question. “Why not at the moment?”
“It hasn't kicked in yet” Dante smiled, “You're going to ask what will happen when it does, aren't you?” Tammy nodded enthusiastically. He reached out for her hand and stroked along her knuckles. “Do you remember in the story I told you about the father finding a wife for his son.”
Tammy's eyes were locked on Dante's hand in hers. “Yes, she was going to be just like his mother.”
“She was his donor, he fed off her.” Dante locked eyes with Tammy and she hadn't flinched at all. “You would be the same to me once it kicked in...” Still, Tammy gave no reaction. “Aren't you scared?”
“No,” Tammy smiled, Dante's touch felt magical. “Because in your story, you made it sound like he couldn't live without his wife.”
Dante tilted his head to the side and nodded. “I guess you're right.” He removed his hand as he lay back down and placed his sunglasses back on. Tammy was still utterly in awe, she almost felt her hand tingle. No, she wasn't scared one little bit of being a donor. Well, not now as it hadn't happened. She lay back down and looked up at the blue sky.
Honestly, could she allow him to take her blood? She wondered if he would hurt her. Would she become sick or worse die? No, she had to push it to the back of her mind and concentrate on now. She was enjoying spending time with Dante. She doubted nothing would get in the way of her being with him. After all, the man hadn't killed his wife. Because of the wife, this whole tradition had been created. When Tammy thought about it, she was really the one in charge of all of this. She didn't like control---not any more. She just wanted Dante and she would do whatever it took.
Blood or no blood.
The picnic had been blissful until the rain had kicked. Tammy was still chuckling to herself as she watched Dante rush around placing everything back into the picnic basket. They had raced into the dryness of the car. Dante closed the door and gave a sigh of relief. Tammy watched as he wiped away the droplets of water falling from his hair to his forehead.
“You can always count on the rain to spoil things” he smiled. He looked at Tammy and quickly diverted his eyes. The white cotton dress she was wearing had now turned see through, every inch of her perfect petite body was on display. He reached over and grabbed a jacket out of the back. “Here, put this one.”
Tammy took the jacket off him and looked at it. “Why?”
He couldn't look at her. “Just put it on,” he commanded. “I don't want you to get ill,” he lied.
Tammy didn't question him and shrugged it on. She could smell his scent coming off the black fabric as she hugged it tightly around herself. She was actually cold and the jacket felt very comforting against her wet skin.
Dante let out a deep breath, much better. Now she was covered up, he would be able to concentrate on driving. He put the key in the ignition and revved the engine. “Music?” he asked, Tammy gave a little smile and switched on the radio. They drove home in complete silence with just the music playing softly in the background.
As Dante pulled into the grounds of the house, Tammy noticed a familiar black parked outside. It was the same car that had brought her here. She watched as Dante pulled up outside the house and turned to her looking very confused. His dark eyes going from Tammy to the car. His thick dark eyebrows almost meeting in the middle as he frowned.
“Seems they are back already,” he mumbled. “Mmmm, guess it's time you meet my mother.”
Tammy felt nervous, what if his mother didn't like her or thought she was a bad choice. She looked down at her hands. “What is your mother like?”
“Very floaty” Dante laughed, he reached out and grabbed one of her hands. “Don't worry, she will like you. After all--” A little smile hit his lips, which made Tammy gasp, she loved that smile. His whole face would light up and his dark eyes twinkled. “What isn't there to like?”
“You would say that” she blushed her hand still clutching on to Dante's. She liked the way he held her hand, she could never think of any other man holding it the way he did. She hoped she wasn't going to be a big let down.
After such a short time she had fallen for Dante and was getting that strange feeling he had with her too. She let out a deep breath and rolled her eyes, she couldn't put this off any more. It was time to be approved by his mother. She let go of Dante's hand and got out of the car.
Dante followed her lead and was quickly at her side. He wrapped a strong arm around Tammy's shoulder, Tammy thought she was going drop to her knees; he was getting very brave with his physical contact. They quickly looked at each other as they entered the house making their way to the living room. Dante stopped outside the door and Tammy turned to him.
“Relax,” he said softly, while brushing a strand of hair away from Tammy's forehead. His own eyes falling on her pink plump lips. Both his hands cupped Tammy's face and he wondered... He slowly leaned forward and placed his lips on hers briefly. So softly, he moved away to take a deep breath. “First stolen kiss,” he moaned.
Tammy was frozen on the spot. Her legs were defiantly weak now. Why has he done that now? She thought to herself. She brought a finger up to her lips. They were tingling and slightly burning from his touch. She nodded in response; he was giving a cheeky grin as he knew exactly what he had done to her. Does he feel it too?
“Okay,” Dante restored himself and reached out for the door handle. “Ready?”
Ready!!! Tammy wasn't even prepared after what he had just done. Her mind was in a whirlwind, wishing he would kiss her again. No, she wasn't ready. She wasn't going to be able to concentrate on anything now. He opened the door and they both stepped into the room. She scanned the room.
A woman with long black hair and features just like Dante was smiling at her. A warm friendly smile, all the uneasiness that Tammy was feeling drifted away. The woman stood up and walked over to where Tammy was standing.
“Hello,” she greeted, taking Tammy by surprise she hugged her. “I have been waiting to meet you. You can call me Claudia.”
“I'm sorry, Dante” Sir Renaldo said, sitting in the corner of the room. “Your mother insisted she came back to make sure everything was okay. You never called and you know she worries.” Dante nodded and Sir Renaldo stood up. “Well, shall we leave the ladies to get to know each other?”
Tammy grabbed hold of Dante's arm. “Can't you stay with me?” She asked. Dante shook his head. “More family tradition?”
“Yes,” he smiled, leaning over and kissing the top of her head. His attention turned back to his mother who was giving the biggest smile ever. “Don't scare her too much” with that he left the room with his father.
“Has Dante told you much about our role?” Tammy looked up at Claudia. She was a very beautiful woman, which made Tammy feel very uncomfortable about her own looks. Claudia oozed confidence. There was no way she would match up to her. “Come and sit down,” she pointed over to the chairs in the corner of the room.
Tammy followed her and sat down. “He has told me a few things” her voice very small and her fingers knotted together in her lap.
“You know what he is?”
“Yes and I know I will be his donor once it kicks in.” Suddenly her mind was full of questions. But would Claudia refuse to answer them just like Dante always did. There was no harm in trying after all for all Tammy knew she could be Claudia in years to come. “Are you Sir Renaldo's donor?”
“Yes” Claudia was still giving her a friendly smile.
“And you let him bite you?”
Claudia sat up and shook her head. “Vampires don't bite.” Tammy opened her mouth to say something, but Claudia carried on talking. “That's just a myth. There is no biting as it is too painful. A lancet is used.” She held up her middle finger and Tammy noticed a tiny red dot on the pad of her finger tip. “The blood is sucked.”
“Oh,” Tammy felt very stupid. When she thought about it that was a more logical answer. “This is completely different from vampires I've read about and watched in films.”
“Believe me” she laughed. “When I found out I thought exactly the same as you. Nothing about this is scary or life threatening. Mystical--yes, after all it is a curse.”
“Dante told me about a curse...” Tammy shook her head. “The only thing I don't understand is why it is important to give birth to a daughter?”
“Because once a girl is born the curse is over and the bloodline won't carry on. Then any other boy that is born will not carry the curse and our family will not have to live with this.” Claudia smiled finally vanished. “It was almost broken once...”
“By you?”
“No,” Claudia sighed. “Dante's uncle. He and his wife gave birth to a baby girl” her eyes shut tight and her voice shook. “But it was stillborn. Dante's uncle blamed himself and committed suicide. His wife went on to have normal life.”
“If a girl was born then surely the curse should have been broken.”
Claudia opened her eyes slowly. “Anyway,” she avoided answering Tammy's question. “Anything else you want to know?”
“No, thank you” Tammy said politely, she rose from the chair. “If you would excuse me” Claudia nodded and Tammy left the room filled with fear. What if she one day gave birth to a girl and it was stillborn?? This was becoming real, she thought this was a fairy tale, but it was the exact opposite.
Dante followed his father into the game room and stood in the doorway as his father poured himself a Whiskey. “I take it everything is going well with your choice?”
Dante narrowed his eyes. “She has a name,” he snapped, a tiny smile hit his lips as he remembered his stolen kiss a few minutes ago. “Everything is good.”
“Is that it? You're not going to tell me anything about your last few days.”
God, his father could be nosy, always wanting to know the ins and outs of his life. Dante never asked him questions, so why did he have this need to know? Although, he was probably concerned, wondering if his son had made the right choice. Dante knew deep in his damned heart Tammy had been the perfect choice.
“Nope” Dante smiled, “All you need to know is Tammy knows enough, nothing has scared her off and I have no regrets.”
“Good,” his father nodded. “Shall we commence with the paperwork.”
Dante let out a sigh, of course paperwork. He had forgotten to mention that to Tammy. He was sure this formatively wouldn't cause any problems-- Tammy was willing, he was certain of that. He leaned on the door frame. Every time he thought about her his stomach would flip and he just wanted to be next to her. He hadn't even contemplated feeling this way. He had worked out in his mind he would just marry and get her pregnant. The idea of actually loving her had been a surprise all in its self. She had been a gift, a wonderful gift he didn't deserve.
He was going to make sure to treat her with complete care and be everything she needed and give her everything she wanted. He couldn't afford her to leave. The last three days had been the best since this horrid thing took over him. He was in this for life and he only wanted her.
Chapter Five
Tammy lay on the bed, her mind racing with what Claudia had told her this afternoon. The more she thought about it the more she knew she couldn't go through with this. Curses, blood, married to a vampire. It was as if suddenly the situation had finally hit her-- she was living in another universe.
Then her heart sunk, what about Dante? She had a choice whether she wanted to be involved in this, but poor Dante was in this no matter what.
She reached up and touched her lips again, that kiss... She had felt something when he had kissed her. She had fallen madly in love with him and wanted to help him. She knew it was crazy to love someone in such a short space of time, but she did. She wanted to be with him, but he came with everything that scared her. Could she try and get past it all? Just go along with everything to keep Dante? Why not?
There was a knock on the door and he strolled in, now dressed in just pj bottoms that rested perfectly on his hips. His black hair all roughed up and carrying a bottle and two glasses. Tammy slowly sat up and watched him sit down next to her.
“I thought we could have some wine and talk,” he smiled down at her. He really was a spectacular looking man. Out of everything, Dante Renaldo was the ultimate prize in all of this. He handed Tammy a glass and with shaky hands, she took it off him. He opened the wine and poured some in the glass.
“I've never had wine before” she blushed. He raised a perfect eyebrow and gave that smile, the one that took her breath away. “What?”
“Nothing,” he said huskily, he poured himself a glass and rested the opened bottle on the night stand. “I just like how everything is new to you. It's as if I'm introducing you to the world.” He sat back and with his free hand tapped for Tammy to sit next to him.
“You are introducing me to the world,” she said, moving closer to him. “Your world...” She stopped and shook her head. Maybe she should air her concerns, he may be a vampire, but he wasn't a mind reader. “I'm just wondering whether I will be a disappointment for you.”
“In what way?”
“What if I am not strong enough to deal with being your donor, or losing children or watching our sons go through this?” She took a sip of her first glass of wine; it was cold, fruity and tasted wonderful and crisp.
“That's fine,” he sighed. “We don't have to rush into anything.”
“What happens when it kicks in?”
He placed his glass down and took Tammy's away placing both next to the bottle of wine. In one quick movement Tammy found herself pinned to the bed and Dante looking down at her. “Can't we just forget I'm a vampire for now,” he sighed, his face close to hers. Tammy prayed he would kiss her before she combusted from feeling his weight on top of her.
“I'm sorry,” she sighed, glued to his face. “Just the talk with your mother about the lancet freaked me out. Also, what she said about your uncle...”
Dante quickly sat up and ran his hands through his hair. “God!” He growled. Tammy remained laying down on the bed, she had angered him again! “Why can't you get to know me? Separate the man from the monster?”
Tammy felt a twig of sadness for him. Did he really think he was a monster? Tammy didn't think so. He had been nothing but kind and sweet to her. She hoped he didn't actually think that about himself. She sat up and wrapped her arms around his neck. His own arms wrapping around her waist, he pulled her in tighter, his hands locking together.
“I'm sorry,” she cried.
“You keep saying that” his head resting on her shoulder, his fingers began to play with her hair. “My dear Tammy, I don't want our whole relationship based on this stupid curse.” He pulled away slightly and took hold of her hand and rested it on his chest. “I am human” Tammy could feel his heart beating just as quickly as hers was. “I am not sure if I will ever get the thirst for blood. Vampires can gain energy from other sources.”
She was intrigued by his statement. “What other sources?”
He tilted his head and chuckled to himself. He should have known by now that when he said something a question would quickly follow. She had her own thirst... For information. He took both her hands in his, he was actually enjoying being able to have this physical contact with her. It meant their relationship was evolving to a higher more complex level.
“Okay, I will tell you,” he began. “But then we forget all about it and concentrate on us!”
Tammy felt a shiver run down her spine, she liked the way he had said us. It meant he must be feeling the same way she was. Us sounded dreamy coming from his lips. How she wished his lips were on hers.
“You are day dreaming again,” he smirked. Tammy felt her cheeks blush and she quickly tried to control her thoughts. “There are two main forms of vampires.” He looked over at Tammy, just to make sure she was paying attention and hadn't drifted back to Tammy land! She was listening attentively, he decided to carry on. “PSI and Sanguine. PSI vampires feed off the life-force energy; the energy surrounding people. Sanguine vampires feed from the blood of others-- what my mother told you.”
“So, which sort are you?” Tammy asked. This vampire thing was more complicated than she'd thought.
Dante shrugged. “I am not sure yet. I know I can feed off energy and be satisfied with it. How long that can go on for, I am not sure. Maybe the need for blood might occur later.”
“Whose energy did you feed off?”
“Yours, of course,” he snapped, he rubbed his chin. “The first night you arrived here. You were very abrupt with me and looked much traumatized.”
Tammy tried to think back, she remembered him being there and then feeling rather drained without any explanation. That had been him. She had to admit she did sleep well that night. He had done that to her, if his thirst didn't kick in she was pretty sure she could live with him draining her of energy.
She wanted to be what he needed, she wanted to make him happy and be just like the wife in the curse story.
Tammy laughed to herself in her head, only last week she had never wanted to get married or be with a man. Now, she had turned into the complete opposite, she wanted to spend the rest of her life doting on Dante.
She sat up on her knees and taking Dante by surprise pressed her lips against his. Her mouth opened and Dante slipped his tongue in, massaging hers with his. Tammy took in a deep breath and her fingers knotted in his thick dark hair as she lost herself in the kiss.
Dante pulled away slowly. “Don't tell me,” he whispered, looking into Tammy's big green eyes. “That was your first kiss?”
“Yes,” she hushed, trying to stop her heart from beating out of her chest and getting her breathing controlled.
Dante traced his fingertip along Tammy's cheek. “Your first stolen kiss,” he smiled, his hand reached out and he pulled Tammy on his lap; hugging her tightly, never wanting to let her go. “I never expected this,” he sighed, leaning his forehead on the top of her head. “Now I don't want to imagine not living without it.”
***
Dante's eyes moved over the paperwork his father had just returned with. He cringed at the sight of the disclosure document, the terms and conditions and most all the tests Tammy would have to take. Signing paperwork before he had even graced her finger with an engagement ring. This made it all real, that this wasn't your everyday relationship. In spite of everything his feelings for Tammy were real and growing every day.
He slammed his fist into the table and glared up at his father. “Isn't there any way we can get round this?” He hissed, throwing his hands into his hair. His father shook his head. “For fuck's sake!” He yelled, his fisted hands moving to the back of his head.
“This has to be done, Dante” his father's voice remained calm. “We can't allow anything about this family to get out and she has to know the extent of what she is getting into.”
“She knows” he pushed his chair back and began to pace around the room. “Plus, she wouldn't tell anyone-- I trust her.” Dante stopped moving and placed his hands over her face. He wondered what Tammy's reaction would be to all of this. So far she had taken everything well enough. This paperwork could lead to her screaming in the other direction. He couldn't face that, he didn't want this to be a formal thing. He would take her out, explain and give her a choice to sign or not.
What if he did lose her? It hurt to think of her not by his side. He was starting to enjoy the first stages of their relationship. He wanted to do everything she had wanted... Courtship, stolen kisses and even getting down on one knee. He slowly removed his hands away from his face.
“You're in love” his father grinned.
“How do you know?”
“You have the exact same look on your face I do when I think of your mother.”
Chapter six
“Where are we going?” Tammy giggled as Dante as he led her away from the house. She started to look around, their back garden was huge. “Dante, tell me.”
“Nope,” he didn't bother to look round, but she could tell he was smiling. “Right, close your eyes.”
“Why?” She was enjoying this playful mood. She shrugged her shoulders and reluctantly closed her eyes. They stopped and Tammy was dying to open her eyes, wondering what was so important Dante wanted to show her.
“Okay, open them” Dante's voice sounded very excited. Tammy slowly opened them and in front of her was a tiny little cottage; white walls, bayed windows, thatched roof and a rose tree growing up around the door. Looked very picture like, fairytale-- she expected the seven dwarfs to come marching out.
“Yours?” Tammy croaked she was too taken in by the beauty of the tiny cottage. Picturesque is what she should of originally thought. It even had a pure white picket fence. She had never seen anything like it in her life.
Dante smiled, “Yes, it was very run down when I found it....” He cringed a little. “All those years ago and my parents decided to do it up. I wasn't entirely sure at the time,” he looked down at Tammy and she swore she saw them twinkle. “But now I do. Come,” he ordered, marching over to the cottage. He took a key out of his pocket and placed it in the lock. “I hope you like it.”
The door opened and Tammy stepped in, scanning, which was obviously the living room. She had stepped into her fantasy world. The whole living room was filled with books, plus two comfy old fashion chairs. An open fireplace sat on the opposite side of the room.
“Funnily enough,” Dante said, he leaned against the doorway watching Tammy's happy expression. “The decoration was done a year ago. Lucky I choose a woman who would appreciate them all.” he looked down at his feet. He had to get on with it. He had brought her here to somehow blunt the blow.
He finally stepped in and closed the door behind him. “Sit down.” He sat down on the pure white rug placed in front of the fire place. Tammy followed and sat down cross legged in front of me. He could feel the paperwork in his inside jacket pocket. How was he going to do this?
Tammy could sense something was wrong with Dante. He looked puzzled and sad. Her hand reached out and she placed it on his leg. He looked up and gave a little smile. “What is wrong?”
He let a little air from his mouth. “We have to deal with the legal matters” a little annoyance filled his voice. Tammy awkwardly moved, but remained in front of him. Dante pulled the paperwork out and placed it down in front of the both. “I trust you, Tammy-- This is just a precaution my father wants to take.”
Tammy picked it up and began to read:
Contract
Commencing July 2012
BETWEEN
Mr Dante Renaldo- Ashville Manor, Ashville, Oxfordshire Ox2 9KH
Miss Tammy Miller- 10 Church Lane, Ashville, Oxfordshire Ox2 9TY
The parties agree as follows:

MISS MILLAR
1. Anything that is spoken about must not be repeated to the following:
Family members outside of the Renaldo family.
Friends.
Press or any other media.

2.An Aids/HIV test is to be taken immediately.
3.Once married, one child should be born within the first years of marriage.
4.If in the incident of divorce or death of spouse... The parties are able to go back to normal life. Refer to 1.

MR DANTE RENALDO

1.Shell not mention anything outside of the family of Miss Miller's role to him.
2.Shell respect that any time Miss Miller will not perform the act he requires.
3.Must never find fulfilment from another woman.
4.Once the first child is born, a bank account should be set up and given to Miss Miller. Refer to 4 (Miss Miller)

CONCLUSION

We the undersigned have read and understood fully those provisions of this contract. We freely accept the terms of this contract and have acknowledged this by our signatures below.

_______________
Mr Dante Renaldo
Date:

_______________
Miss Tammy Miller
Date:
She placed it back down on the floor, unable to find the words to describe how she was feeling. They wanted to legally bind her, keep her mouth shut, and tell her when she should have children. As for the AIDS/HIV test-- were they serious???
Reading that had made it all real, this was all to break the curse. She was never going to be an actual wife or a member of this family. She was their get out of jail card.
She could feel the tears running down her face and her stomach swirled. She thought she was going to be sick. Like she would ever tell anyone. She was falling in love with Dante. The only contract she should ever sign was her marriage certificate. This was never going to be a marriage out of love. Nothing of this was normal, she had felt the same as she did the night she came here.
“Say something” Dante begged, as he reached out to brush away her tears.
Tammy jumped up. She had to think about this alone. She had to weigh up the pros and cons. Was Dante worth all of this? She felt a slight pain in her heart. Just looking at him was making her question this contract. If she stayed around him any longer she would sign it. “I want to be alone,” she sobbed and ran out of the cottage.
“Tammy!” Dante called after her, he just remained where he was sitting. He ran his hands through his hair... The anger from earlier was beginning to erupt through him. He had a strange feeling this was what would happen.... She was going to leave, this had freaked her out and she would run away as far as she could get.
He flung his self back and stared at the wooden beams above him. The damn curse had taken over his life again. He really was cursed, in more ways than one.
***
Tammy hugged the pillow and let her tears flow. She must have been crying for over an hour now. How could a dumb piece of paper destroy everything, make her feel dirty and nothing. That's what she was nothing, something to produce a baby and something to feed on. Her lungs were beginning to burn and her ribs hurt from crying too hard.
She thought about Dante's distraught look he gave her before she ran off. God, she loved him. How could it work with that contract hanging over her head? She would be looking over her shoulder all the time to make sure she wasn't breaking anything.
Was Dante worth this? Yes! He was everything she thought she could live without, now she had a taste of it, she couldn't let it go. She had accepted everything else, but this? Why was this harder to deal with?
She finally let go of the pillow and stared up at the fancy painted ceiling. She wished he was here right next to her this second.
As if on cue the door opened and Dante strolled in, still wearing his jacket. His mouth turned down at each corner and his eyes full of sadness. Tammy quickly sat up and tried to wipe away her tears. She knew she looked a mess. She watched as he walked and stood in front of the bed. He grabbed hold of both posts and bowed his head.
“You ran...” he whispered. “Does this mean you're leaving?”
Tammy felt a lump in her throat, she had hurt him. He was a shell of a man who she had met not that long ago. She tilted her head to the side and took in a deep breath. She didn't want the tears to start again. She took a look at Dante, who had remained still and not made eye-contact with her.
He really was a beautiful man, who was kind, loyal, and trustworthy. Okay, he had a temper but she was pretty sure she could deal with that. In fact, she already knew how to get round him.
Why was she allowing a piece of paper to get in the way? After all he had said, I trust you, Tammy-- This is just a precaution my father wants to take. Was this actually nothing to do with him?
Had he just been a messenger? Now Tammy felt even worse and understood how Dante must be feeling right now.
She sat up on her knees. “I'm sorry...” Her voice small and weak.
He finally looked up at her, her eyes all red and puffy. His heart was beating fast in his chest, unsure of what her next reaction was going to be. He wouldn't allow her to leave him without putting up a fight. He had come too far now, he felt too strongly for her.
“Sorry you ran? Or sorry, you're leaving?” He tried to keep his voice calm, but he could hear it break in places. He had never had an urge to cry before, right now he felt weak and not very in control of his emotions.
“For not realizing you were against that contract too.”
His eyes opened wide in shock. In such a short period of time she had come to understand him. Of course she did--- Why hadn't she seen that in the cottage? Didn't she trust him? Tammy moved over towards him and grabbed hold of his waist. She pushed her head into stomach. As if in reflex, his hands cupped her head and he pulled her in tighter.
“Are you leaving me?” he asked.
“Tammy!” Boomed a voice, both their heads turned in Sir Renaldo’s direction. “Your Grandmother has had a bad turn and is asking for you.”
Tammy looked up at Dante terrified. He grabbed hold of her wrist, picked her up and placed her on the floor standing in front of him. “Forget this for now,” his fingertips glided over her cheek. “You have greater things to worry about.”
“Will you come with me?” She asked, once again the tears and sickness had kicked in. “Please, Dante, I don't want to go alone and I need you by my side.”
“Of course,” he leaned forward and placed a little kiss on her forehead. He gripped hold of her hand and led her out of the room. Tammy prayed she wasn't going to be too late.
Chapter seven
The whole drive to her parent’s house she had clung to Dante in the back of the car as his father drove. Every so often Dante would kiss her forehead, she was glad he was by her side. Every worse possible outcome was racing through her mind. She would kick herself if anything happened to her Gran and she wasn't there.
Then the realization of seeing her parents again and once more that guilty of saying they were dead to her hit like someone had punched her hard in the chest. She buried her head into Dante's side with shame.
“Hey,” Dante said softly. “It will be fine.”
Tammy nodded and looked out the car window, they were here so soon. The sight of her family home brought more tears, this was where she had grown up and been happy. Well, what she thought was happiness. It was nothing compared to Dante's cottage, how she had loved to spend afternoons laid out on that overgrown grass with her head buried away in a book.
Dante got out of the car and helped Tammy out. If it wasn't for Dante holding her tight she was pretty sure she would fall face first on the pavement. She slowly looked up at the front door, her mother clinging to her father looking exactly how Tammy felt. She rushed up the garden path and into her mother's arms.
“Is she okay?” Tammy sobbed.
“She is fine” Tammy's mother sobbed back. “She caught a cold a few days ago and she just seemed to be getting worse. She wasn't eating and she was sleeping all day.” Tammy pulled away from her mother. “Today she is just asking for you.”
“Mr and Mrs Miller,” Tammy felt Dante's presence behind, she watched as he shook hands with her father. “I'm Dante, it's a pleasure to meet you both,” he was using that crisp fine tone again.
“I need to see her” Tammy protested.
“Go on up” her father smiled. Just from that smile Tammy knew any hatred she had for her father was now. Both men she loved dearly were here. Tammy grabbed hold of Dante's hand and led him upstairs to her grandmother's room.
Before she opened the door, she turned to face, Dante, both hands resting on his hard chest. “My Gran has dementia, so if she says anything odd either ignore or humour her.”
“Anything for you” his own hand resting on Tammy's face, he loved how she would fall into his touch, as if it melted her each and every time. The aching from earlier was finally easing away and he had no doubt now that she was his future wife. He was going to fill the role of her husband like no man before him.
He leaned forward and kissed her forehead, her skin soft and smooth under his lips. The minute they got home, he was going to rip that stupid contract into bits. Tammy wasn't signing anything and she was taking no tests. He might not be normal, but Tammy was going to live a normal life. He would find a way to live round this curse. It was going to be hard, but she was worth it. He was going to do anything to keep her by his side.
“You ready?” Tammy smiled up at him.
“Yes.” Tammy reached for the handle and the door opened. A frail little old woman sat up tucked in bed. Her brown hair combed smoothly and her green eyes looking at the strangers in the doorway.
“Tammy?” Her voice horsy and she gave a cough. “Is that you?” Tammy stepped into the room, her Gran looked awful, and she had lost a lot of weight in such a short period of time. Her lips cracked and dry. Then Tammy noticed. Her Gran's eyes were fixated on Dante behind her. “You brought Angus?” A slight smile came to her lips and her eyes widened.
“No,” Tammy laughed, she was still talking about that Angus bloke.
“Angus, you’re here...” she replied, ignoring Tammy completely.
Dante froze in the doorway. He felt the colour drain from his face. Angus? His eyes moved from Tammy to her grandmother. Surely no! The look of worry spread over Tammy's face and he remembered what she had said outside. He took in a deep breath and stepped forward towards the bed. “Yes, Edwina... I am back.”
“Dante?” Tammy looked at him. She was confused with what was going on. She watched as he gracefully walked over to her grandmother and leaned over to kiss her on her forehead. “What is going on?”
Dante rose back up and shook his head, he didn't reply just walked out of the room. Her Grandmother screamed after him, she was now crying. Tammy rushed to her Grandmother's side and tried to calm her down. What was all that about? Why would she think Dante was this Angus bloke? Watching her grandmother cry set her off.
“Who is Angus, Gran?” she begged. “Tell me?” Tammy waited, but her Grandmother just closed her eyes. She took in a deep breath and raced out of the room and downstairs. Dante was leaning against the wall, arms crossed. He looked like he was posing for Vogue. Tammy stared at him, he looked calm and controlled. Tammy hated his attitude sometimes.
“What was that about?” She asked, as she stepped off the last step.
His head turned in her direction and he smiled, she could tell it was fake. “Nothing, I was doing what you asked me to do?” His voice low.
“Really?” Now Tammy folded her arms. “Who is Angus?”
Dante shrugged. “No idea!” His voice was like ice and his eyes not once looking at her. After everything else from today, he really didn't need this on top of it all.
“You called her Edwina?” Tammy clenched her jaw tight, he was lying, and she knew that. She looked down at her left hand-- No ring! And she hadn't sighed, his stupid contract. Right now she was free, free of him and his family. She looked back up to his beautiful face, he was lying to her. This honest man, who had confessed all his dark secrets and she trusted. He knew exactly who Angus was, why wasn't he telling her?
“Dante...” she hushed. “Please, don't start lying to me now.”
He stood up straight and shook his head. “Just don't!” He replied firmly. “I don't need the whole guilt trip rubbish. I'm leaving... Are you coming?”
“You really have to ask?”
Dante rolled his eyes and headed outside to the car. Tammy stood for a moment, weighing up the situation. Something had happened upstairs and she knew she hadn't day dreamed it. Dante knew who this Angus was... Why wouldn't he tell? The more she thought about it the more it hurt that he was keeping something from her. She had to go with him, once in Ashville Manor he would surely tell her.
Dante got into the back of the car and placed his head in his hands. Was this real? Had he just witnessed that? Everything felt surreal, he always knew something drew him to Tammy but he had never thought about this reason.
“Something wrong, Dante?” His father asked. Dante hadn't even realized his father was sitting in the car.
“Believe me” Dante laughed. “If I told you, you wouldn't believe it yourself.” He rested his head on the back of the seat and let out a deep breath.
“I think I know” his father replied, softly. “Tammy's Grandmother,”
“You knew?” Dante's eyes widened. “Why didn't you say anything?” His fist clenched, he really wanted to hit something. He had been lied to by his own father.
“It wasn't anything important. There was no need for you to know... Have you told Tammy?”
“No! She would freak out again... Like she did with the contract. Which by the way, I'm destroying.” The car door opened and Tammy got in, Dante gave a little breath of relief. She had decided to come home with him. He had a little idea why. Her thirst for information was probably her drive behind it. She didn't speak, just looked down at her hands. Dante had a funny feeling the horrid day he was having wasn't over yet.
They both trailed behind Sir Renaldo as they entered the open hallway. Sir Renaldo put his keys down and turned to face them both. Neither of them looking at one another and both with their arms folded.
“Okay,” he smiled, Tammy could Sir Renaldo could feel the tension between them. “I'll go. I have some work to do in my office.” He quickly disappeared, Tammy was glad. Maybe now they were alone Dante would stop being childish and tell her.
“Hungry?” He didn't wait for Tammy to reply, he just strolled off into the kitchen.
Tammy pressed her lips tightly together. He was doing that thing again! Tammy took in a deep breath and followed behind. She stood in the doorway and watched as he gracefully moved around from checking the cupboards to the fridge. “Well???”
“We haven't got much in” he held a loaf of bread. “Will a sandwich do?”
“Will you just stop?” She yelled, surprising herself with the tone of her voice. “I am not hungry.”
Dante raised a perfect eyebrow and a slight smile hit his lips. “Looks like I am not the only one with a temper.”
“Tell me!” She demanded. “Tell me why you said that to my Grandmother.”
Dante slammed the bread down on the counter and glared at Tammy. “Fine!” He growled. “You want to know... Come!” He headed back in her direction, grabbed her wrist and dragged her along with him. “You'll leave this time!” He snapped, quickly looking over his shoulder. He came to a door and opened it... It was the banquet hall. “And I won't blame you!”
They stopped and he released her arm. “There!” He pointed to a portrait of a man with shoulder length black hair, sculptured nose and cheeks. His eyes a striking green that caught your attention immediately, dressed in a ruby coloured jacket and standing as if he owned the world.
This was the same portrait that had caught Tammy's attention the last time she was here. Although last time it had reminded her of the perfect stranger who had walked in and out of the book shop. She just stared at him, fascinated once again.
“The perfect stranger” she had said it out loud. She looked over at Dante, she had caught his attention. “That's what I called you when you walked into the bookshop.” Dante's expression softened and Tammy's own eyes went back to the portrait.
“The minute I walked in here... It caught my attention. It was as if the portrait sucked me in.” She gave a little smile as she remembered and felt her cheeks blush. “He looks like you and it gave me a little hope that maybe you would be here.”
“Perfect stranger?” Dante laughed, he was far from perfect. “He is my uncle, ” he swallowed hard. Telling her this was harder than anything else he had explained. “Look at me please, Tammy.” Tammy slowly looked at him, his eyes staring at the floor and his hands in his hair. “You remember the story my mother told you about my uncle who committed suicide?” Tammy nodded.
Dante rubbed his brow. He couldn't make eye-contact while he told her. “Well...” He paused again and started shaking his head. Why couldn't he get the words out? “Fuck!” He yelled at the top of his voice. He should of never had gone to Tammy's parents tonight, after their argument today he was so sure she was going to leave him. This was worse than him being a vampire or that dumb contract.
Tammy didn't like what she was seeing. This was something that bothered him. But what? She reached out for his hand. “Whatever it is...” her voice light. “I promise I will not leave you, Dante.”
“Promise,” She nodded and he let out a deep breath. His eyes slowly, looking back up at the portrait. “This is my Uncle Angus...”
“So, my grandmother knew your uncle” Tammy said with relief why had that been such a big deal? “What is wrong with that?”
“No, Tammy, you don't understand... Your Grandmother was his Black Swan. She was the one who gave birth to the stillborn baby.....”
Chapter Eight
“What?” Tammy squealed, this couldn't be true, there was some misunderstanding. “Surely no... Please tell me you are joking.”
“I always knew there was something else that drew me to you. When I saw you in the bookshop I knew you looked familiar and now I know why.” He gave a heartily smile. “You look the same as your grandmother.”
“How do you know what my grandmother looked like?” She snarled and folded her arms. This wasn't happening. Then it all clicked, she had known about Dante awakening... She had tried to warn her, but couldn't tell Tammy any more... God, her Grandmother was once where Tammy was today! She felt her legs go weak and fell onto the floor in hemp.
“I’ve seen photos” Dante had suddenly come down to her level. “Will you say something…? Please.”
“Huh!” Tammy couldn't talk, she couldn't move... She was in the uttermost state of shock. Her heart was beating fast and the palms of hands were sweating. She was having an out of body experience this couldn't be happening? Surely, it couldn't get any more bizarre?? Her own grandmother once married to the man's she loved uncle...
“Can't you see this is fate?” Deep in his heart he knew it was his destiny to be with Tammy and everything now made sense to him. He took a quick glance at her, she was distraught and he could understand why. He had felt exactly the same when he awoken, learning that your family wasn't actually who you thought they were.
“Fate,” Tammy laughed. “Don't you think this is sick?” A lump stuck in her throat making her flinch.
“How? Yeah, they had a baby... The baby died... She went on to have your mother and then you... Are my feelings for you sick?”
“What feelings?” Tammy looked over at Dante, his mouth turned down at the sides, his eyes full of sadness. She knew she had feelings for him, but she hadn't thought for one second he would be the first one to confess. Was this fate? Maybe an hour ago, she would have believed so, but now? Her head was in a mess and nothing she could do would clear it.
“I love you” Dante mumbled, Tammy froze again. He loved her?
“You... Love… Me?” She said it out loud. Her brain couldn't register what he had just told her.
Dante looked away. He had never felt so exposed. “Guess I do,” a smile hit his lips. He did, he truly did. “I do... Tammy, I love you.” Tammy remained still and quiet. Had he just done the wrong thing? Was this not the right time? When was the right time?
“She warned me” Tammy sighed. Dante looked at her confused, was she now blatantly ignoring what he had told her. “What are we going to do?” Tammy's eyes filled with tears, she loved him back. In fact probably more so now.
“It's history, Tammy” he whispered. “Me and you are good together. I enjoy spending all my time with you. You get me like no one else does. We have a connection and I will do everything in my power to keep you.”
Tammy gasped. She knew he meant every word. Tammy moved closer to him, he was right. It was history-- history only they would ever know! If he wanted her then he would have her forever. Tammy wrapped her arms around Dante's strong neck and fell onto his chest. His scent and his fingers playing with her hair. How could she give him up?
She looked up at him through her eyelashes, his dark eyes looking down at her. “I love you too.”
***
Dante tucked Tammy into bed and laid down beside her, it had been a long emotional day. Twice he thought he had lost her, but yet she was still here. They lay facing each other. He took in her beautiful face and finally felt relief. He never thought he would love her like this. Everything about her dragged him in.
He looked down at her left hand, she wasn't exactly his yet. He hadn't fully processed her quite yet. That was the next thing to do. He didn't care what others thought. She was going to be his, maybe next week, next month, he wasn't sure but it would happen soon.
“What are you thinking about?” Tammy smiled, her hands locking with his.
“When I’m going to get down on one knee and propose” he smiled back, bringing her hand up to his lips. He watched her cheeks blush, how he loved that. “After all, that is what you wanted,” he placed a kiss on her hand.
Tammy loved the way his soft lips felt against her skin. “The going down on one knee thing?” She teased. “I didn't think that was your style.”
“Oh my dear Tammy, you have no idea what my style is” he raised an eyebrow in a suggestive manner. “You look really tired,” he let go of her hand. “You should sleep.”
“No!” Tammy cried, grabbing hold of Dante as he attempted to move off the bed. “Stay with me tonight... Please!”
Dante tilted his head to the side. “If I stay, you won't sleep and we will end up talking all night.”
“Not if you...” Her eyes locked with his that feeling began just like before. She felt something being taken away from her and her eyes became heavy. “Hold me all night, please,” she yawned and suddenly everything went black.

The sun flooded through the bedroom window and Tammy began to wake up. Dante had practically watched her sleep all night, he was afraid to let her go or sleep himself in case he woke up and she was gone. Her tiny body lying in his arms was the best feeling in the world, every now and then during the night he had given into the urge to kiss her soft lips.
“Morning,” she smiled as her eyes fell on Dante. He surely was a mesmerizing sight to wake up to. Even with bed head he was unbelievably handsome and he loved her. He wanted her to be his wife. Tammy could feel herself going giddy. On the other hand, she had so much more to learn about his lifestyle.
“Morning,” his eyes brightly staring down at her. “I'm going to head downstairs... You better wait a few seconds,” he gave a wink. “Don't want my parents getting the wrong idea.” Tammy watched as he walked out of the room.
She stretched out. Last night was the best night's sleep she'd had since coming here. Then that contract filled her mind. She didn't want to sign, but if she was going to stick this out she didn't think she had much of a choice. She pulled back the covers and her feet hit the soft cream carpet. How life had changed in such a short amount of time. The life she had once lived seemed like a distant memory. She still missed the bookshop, she wondered if there was a chance she could go back to work, like she would even tell anyone about Dante, after all she would be exposing her Grandmother's secret too if she was to tell anyone. Tammy shook her head, she wouldn't tell anyone anyway. She was devoted to Dante and would never think of hurting him or his family.
Tammy walked into the bathroom and began to run the bath. It had been a while since she'd had the time to relax. From now on she wasn't going to let anything about Dante's life freak her out. She was going to be strong and not allow anything to make him think she was about to leave him. She couldn't leave him anyway. Her feelings for him had seemed to of grown over night. She wanted to be the perfect wife to him, she probably couldn't live up to his mother, and she would give it a good try.
Tammy felt refreshed after her bath and headed towards the kitchen as she grew closer she could hear voices.
“Tammy is not signing anything” Dante's voice boomed with a hint of annoyance. “So, just stop going on about it.”
“You can not be serious” his father yelled back. “This is not only for you it protects everyone. Your mother signed it, why should things be different for Tammy?”
Tammy looked down at her feet, she really didn't want to be trouble and she had never refused to sign it, Dante had come up with this all on his own. He really did love and trust her. He was willing to get rid of the contract for her. Tammy's stomach flipped over, what had she done to deserve a man like Dante? Even though he was a vampire, nothing about it scared her. In fact, she was in awe of him.
“Tammy?” Dante asked, walking out of the kitchen. She had been so lost in her thoughts she had forgotten to move. “Why are you standing there?” His hand reached out and he moved a strand of hair away from her face. “Did you hear what me and my father were talking about?”
“Yes,” her voice small. “I'll sign the contract if that is what your father wants.”
Dante let out a little sigh and grabbed hold of Tammy's hand, leading her into the kitchen. Sir Renaldo looked at Tammy. She gave a little smile which he returned. Telling by his expression he knew Tammy had been stood outside listening. Dante pulled out a chair for Tammy and she sat down. He moved away and quickly returned with the breakfast special, bowl, box of cereal and milk.
“Eat!” He demanded and took the chair next to her. “I was thinking,” he began, happy that Tammy was sorting out her breakfast. “Could I and Tammy borrow the penthouse in London?”
Sir Renaldo looked over the top of his newspaper. “Why?”
“Well,” Dante gave Tammy the smile and once again she thought she was going to choke on what was in her mouth. “I thought it would be nice to get away--- just us.”
“I don't think your mother would approve, Dante” Sir Renaldo folded up his paper and Tammy was now wishing she was invisible. “Your mother almost had a heart attack when she found out where you slept last night.” Sir Renaldo's eyebrow rose and Tammy's cheeks flushed bright red.
“We didn't have sex!” Dante snapped. “I want to take Tammy away and make a grand gesture of something.” He stared at his father, hoping the light would come on in his head. Finally, it must have clicked as his father gave the biggest smile he had seen in a while.
Tammy sat looking from one to the other, completely confused about what was going on. She looked back down at her cereal and carried on eating. Must be vampire thing, she thought to herself.
“So?”
“Okay, I will clear it with your mother. If you would excuse me.” With that, he left the room, leaving Tammy and Dante alone.
“What was that about?” Tammy asked.
“Just a little something my mother will approve of,” he laughed. “What do you want to do today?”
Tammy looked up into his dark eyes and almost combusted from the look he was giving her. “I want you to show me the photos of my grandmother. Then I will sign the contract not for you, but for your father.”
“There is no need” Dante's expression fell and his tone hardened. “I trust you.”
Tammy gripped hold of his hand. “I know you do, but please, me signing this contract will give your father peace of mind.” She gave the girly smile.
He tilted his head to the side, how could she win him over with that smile. “Fine!” He scowled. “If this is what you want.” He couldn't wait for the London trip, Tammy was going to be swept away.

“She does look like me” Tammy smiled, as she laid on her belly flicking through a photo album Dante had brought to her. Dante laid next to her, his head resting on his elbows and his eyes not moving away from Tammy.
Tammy eyes were fixated on the photo of her Grandmother stood smiling, her arm linked with Dante's uncle. They both looked very much in love. Tammy ran her finger over her Gran's face.
“You said Black Swan last night?”
Dante gave a little laugh, it had been a while since Tammy had asked a question and it was very much welcomed. He had missed quenching her thirst. “Black Swan is what we call our donors.”
Tammy's eyes moved away from the photo and at Dante, she wanted to hear everything. Get lost in his mysterious world, which was soon becoming hers too.
“We choose to treat our Black Swans with nothing but respect and care. They are our life line and we don't want anything to hurt them or scare them away.” His lips curled up in an amused manner. “You could say... You would become my most precious possession.”
Dante was interrupted by a knock on the door, the pair of them turned to find Sir Renaldo standing in the doorway, for a second Tammy held her breath and her heart began to beat fast with fear. Gran?
“Tammy, you have a visitor waiting for you in the hall.” Tammy felt her jaw drop open in shock. Who would be coming to visit her, she turned to look at Dante who was still smiling in his special way.
“Go and see who it is,” he urged her on. “I'll wait here for you.”
Tammy climbed off the bed and followed Sir Renaldo down the stairs. Standing in the middle of the hall, gazing around taking in the beauty of the place was her friend Jenna. She hadn't spoken to Jenna in at least two weeks and that was only by phone. Jenna finally looked at Tammy and gave a big friendly smile. She had a slight tan, and then Tammy remembered why they hadn't spoken. Jenna had just come back from her honeymoon.
“Tammy,” her voice sounded excited and she gave a little clap. Tammy took the last step and Jenna was right next to her, hugging her hard that Tammy couldn't breathe.
“Jenna,” she managed to pull away. “What are you doing here?”
Jenna folded her arms. Tammy suddenly became aware that Sir Renaldo was still standing on the stairway. She quickly linked arms with Jenna and escorted her outside.
Jenna removed her arms from Tammy's grip and flicked her long blonde hair. Tammy could tell Jenna was on the prowl for some gossip. “What am I doing here?” She scowled. “Explain what you are doing here?” Once again Jenna crossed her arms. “I went to go and see you at the bookshop and Mrs Waters told me you had moved in with the freaks.”
“They are not freaks!” Tammy protested.
Jenna raised an eyebrow and her bright blue eyes widened. “Really? Diana Lewis said she got invited to some party here. She saw you here and said she hasn't seen you since.”
Tammy shrugged. “I have been busy.”
“Not working as Mrs Waters said she hasn't seen you in a week.” She squared her shoulders and stood up straight. “Spill, what is going on?”
“It's my fault,” Dante stepped outside, he had been listening and decided Tammy needed some help. He looked at Jenna, every inch of her screamed spoilt brat. Obviously, she thought she was above Tammy. Dante's arms reached to Tammy's waist and he pulled her into him. “You're right, we did have a party and I had the pleasure of being introduced to Tammy.” he placed a kiss on Tammy's cheek.
Jenna's jaw dropped open. “You mean you have a boyfriend, Tammy?”
Tammy narrowed her eyes, was it unbelievable that she could actually meet someone.
Jenna rubbed her forehead, trying to get to grips with what she was seeing. “It's just you said you didn't want to settle down. What's with the suddenly change?”
Tammy let out a little sigh. Of course Jenna would be concerned. How many times had she drummed it into Jenna's head that she wasn't interested in men? Then Jenna goes away for two weeks and comes home to discover Tammy with someone. Even in Jenna's defence, Tammy would be asking questions too. Probably more than Jenna was asking. Tammy thought about her response without giving anything away.
“I met Dante” Tammy smiled, looking up to him. “Surely you understand.” She gave Jenna the sad face and Jenna's expression softens.
Jenna looked at Tammy and Dante and could instantly see how happy her friend was. She had never seen Tammy like this. She understood what Tammy was saying. She had felt the same when she had met her husband, finally meeting the one was a life changing moment and she didn't have any right laying down the law to Tammy.
“I'm sorry,” she mumbled. “I didn't mean to behave like that. It's just well...” She placed her hand on her chest and smiled. “I am so happy for you.” Dante moved out of the way as Jenna hugged her best friend.
“I'll leave you two alone” Dante said, as he walked back into the house.
Jenna pulled away. “Wow, he is good looking!”
Tammy felt her cheeks blush a little. “Not everything is about looks.” She sat down on the steps that led to the front door. “Are people really talking about me?” Suddenly feeling very conscience that she might have brought some unwanted attention to Renaldo's. Sir Renaldo was probably going out of his mind right now. She had to sign that contract quick, just to show him she was taking all of this seriously.
Jenna sat down next to her friend. “Yes... Some think they have kidnapped you!”
Tammy looked shocked. “What?” She spat, “That is ridiculous! You can go back and put them straight.”
“You have to admit, Tams. This is a little strange.” Jenna began to swirl her wedding ring round her finger. “You made this whole song and dance about not wanting anyone. Then two weeks later you've moved in with someone-- and his parents!”
Tammy bit down on her lip as she processed Jenna's words. Then she remembered how she felt the night she had come to live with them. She had thought it was odd and not normal. That didn't really matter now and it didn't really matter what others thought either. She knew why she was here... Dante. Her stomach flipped just by thinking of him. She loved him... Too much... Way too soon, but she didn't care. Like he had said it was fate, they were drawn to each other and she couldn't think of living without him.
“Please, Jenna” Tammy sighed, turning to her best friend. “Just be happy for me. I have met and fallen in love with a beautiful wonderful man. I guess things change when you meet the right person.”
“So, they didn't kidnap you?”
“No!” Tammy laughed. She started to play with a strand of her hair that had fallen from her ponytail. “I love him,” she blushed again, feeling her eyes go dreamy and her heart beating fast. “Really love him.”
Jenna shrugged. “Fine! I will go back and tell the raging villagers there is no drama and to put the pitchforks away.”
Tammy rolled her eyes at her friend's sarcastic joke, which she didn't even remotely find funny. Maybe she should have a word with Dante, maybe she should go back to work and try and gain some normality to her life, just to stop people from talking. After all, it was very unlike Tammy to just walk away from things. She didn't want to bring any bother to their families. Yes, she would talk to Dante. Plus, she loved her job and at least she wouldn't feel such like a parasite living off them, which she had done for the last week.
***
“This isn't good” Sir Renaldo snarled. “People are beginning to ask questions and we don't need this attention.”
“What attention?” Dante said, watching as his father paced up and down the living room. Really, sometimes he could get paranoid. “Her friend was obviously worried about her. After all, she did have a life before us!”
“That is exactly what I said” his mother added from the corner, looking up from her book. “Leave the poor girl alone, Howard.”
Dante watched as his father finally stopped moving, thank god! He thought his father was going to wear out the carpet. He knew what was coming next, the same argument from breakfast. He had been waiting for it.
“But she hasn't signed the contract!”
Dante rolled his eyes, there it was! Dante stood up from the chair and shook his head. “I told you I am not making her sign it. I want a different sort of relationship.”
“Meaning?” His mother looked curious.
“Meaning... I want a normal engagement, a normal wedding and a normal life.”
“There is no such thing as normal to us!” His father huffed. “Things are happening to you that I can't even explain.” His father sat down and rubbed his brow. “This tradition has worked for hundreds of years, why change something if it isn't broken.”
Dante felt his fist clench. “Because I don't want this,” he yelled, his temper finally winning through. “I don't want Tammy to be seen as my donor or a baby carrier. I want more from my life.” Dante swallowed hard, he knew his father was really going to kick off with what he was about to say next. “I am going to avoid my thirst if it kicks in.”
His father's head whipped round to him. “What?” He growled. “Why can't you just accept it, Dante?”
“Because I don't want to. That's it, enough!” With that, he left the room fuming. Why did he have to go along with this stupid tradition just to break some stupid curse? Why couldn't he choose his own path without any of this superstitious stuff following him around? He went in search for Tammy.

He couldn't wait to get away for a couple of days without the mention of blood, vampires or contracts. While they were away he was going to make sure Tammy got to know the real him. She needed too, because he wasn't sure what was going to happen once he started to ignore his thirst.
“Your mother actually said yes?” Tammy started jumping on the spot in excitement. She was finally going to leave Ashville, something she had never believed would happen in her life. She ran over and flung her arms around Dante's neck. “Really?” She asked again, feeling this was too good to be true.
“We leave tomorrow,” he pressed his lips to Tammy's forehead.
“Wow,” she really couldn't believe it. “You know” Tammy laughed, stepping back a little. “I have never been out of Ashville before!”
“Really?” Dante looked astonished, then it clicked, she probably had never been able to afford it. Dante felt a little sorry for her, he had been brought up with holidays, big house and anything he wanted. Tammy was new to everything. “Then we are going to do everything,” he winked. “Tower of London, The London Eye, Madame Tussands and a good old shop in Harrods!”
The smile dropped from Tammy's face and her thoughts were back to her being a parasite again. Maybe now would be a good time to have that chat she wanted. “I was thinking” she started to awkwardly move from foot to foot. “Maybe I should go back to work.”
Dante tilted his head to the side. “Why?” Was she getting bored with spending so much time with him? He hoped not, a wave of disappointment washed over him. Or maybe she was changing her mind about everything
“I just don't want to live off you and your parents,” she gave a slight embarrassed smile.
“Oh,” he nodded. “I see...” he tilted his head to one side and then another. It was normal for the men of the family to provide and give everything. She was obviously feeling weird with the set up. What would his father think? Dante shook his head, like his father had any say in this. “Fine,” he agreed.
Tammy gave a shocked look, she was sure he was going to protest a little. Wow, how he had changed in just a few days. Was he no longer the over bearing control freak. “Really? You would be fine with that?” Still stunned by his reaction.
Dante grabbed both of Tammy's hands tight. He loved the way her tiny doll hands got lost in his. If they were going to have a 'normal' relationship, then they had to do things right. She wanted to work and he didn't want to stop her. From now on they were making up their own rules and no one had a say in anything.

Chapter Nine
Tammy couldn't believe her eyes the penthouse was amazing, open plan living area that connected to a modern kitchen. All black marble surfaces and silver electrical appliances and accessories. Two bedrooms; the main, with a king size leather bed with black silk quilt and cushions. The second was obviously designed for Dante, a single pine bed, blue quilt, blue walls and carpet. It was the views that took Tammy's breath away, when you stood on the balcony you got a birds-eye view of the whole City of London.
She had to keep pinching herself to make sure she wasn't dreaming. It felt unreal to be out and away from Ashville. She was that overwhelmed she even thought she may cry. God, life is good!
“I'm taking you out tonight” Dante's voice finally took her eyes away from the view. He was standing, leaning against the door leading back into the penthouse. His hair all smoothed back, blue jeans and that light blue shirt that made every feature of his beautiful sculptured face come alive. Tammy made a mental note that his favourite colour was most probably blue.
“Where?” Tammy smiled at him.
“Somewhere fancy,” he smiled back at her. She looked happy and in love with life. She was such an easy person to please... He felt bad for thinking she was ungrateful she wasn't. He watched as her face fell and his lips twitched. “Um mm, if you need something to wear my mother has a few things in her closet.”
“I am a midget compared to her” Tammy tutted, it was a nice thought, but not an offer she could accept. Well, at least she brought her blue dress, the only half decent thing she owned.
“Look, I'll make a call” Dante quickly added, he pulled out his phone from his pocket.
“You'll... Make... A. Call?” Tammy laughed, now he was standing like a middle aged business man.
Dante rolled his eyes. He could tell she was mocking him. “My mother has a personal shopper. I will explain and they can bring you some dresses.”
Tammy shook her head that was really not necessary. “You're flashing the cash again!”
With a few long steps Dante was next to Tammy, he placed his finger against her lips to stop her from carrying on with her whining. “You don't get a say” he smiled. “Hi,” he walked back inside talking into the phone.
Tammy turned back round to stare at the view a little longer. Even though she didn't want him to do that a little smile came to her lips. He really did love and care about her... But was she enough for him? She couldn't spoil him with fancy trips or fancy clothes. A pang of sadness flooded through her... What exactly did he see in her?
Tammy turned left and then she turned right, was that actually her reflection in the mirror?
The personal shopper had turned up with a hairdresser and make-up artist. Dante has really gone to town with this.
Her long brown hair had been piled up on her head with a few loose strains curling down the side of her face. Her make-up gave the illusion her skin was flawless and her big eyes covered in smoky eye shadow and dark eyeliner. She had decided on a light blue halter neck dress, with a split going up the leg and heels, which gave her height for the first time in her life.
The butterflies started going crazy in the pit of her stomach, what if Dante didn't approve? What if he thought she looked an utter mess? Tammy closed her eyes and took in a deep breath. There was no point hanging round in the bedroom all night. She had to face him. Otherwise he would be banging on that door at any moment.
“You can do it,” she said to herself, she picked up the blue clutch bag and headed into the living area.
She stopped in her tracks the minute her eyes laid on Dante. “Wow,” she said out loud. Dante gave her that smug smile. “You scrub up well,” she teased. He truly looked every inch of her perfect dark and dangerous stranger. He wore a black suit and white crisp shirt, his thick dark hair all roughed up and his dark eyes burning into her.
“You look amazing, Tammy” he sighed as he made his way towards her. He took her hand and brought it up to his lips. “I will be keeping a very close eye on you tonight,” he placed a kiss on her hand. Tammy felt that electric current shoot through her body. “Come!” He ordered, pulling her along with him.
Tammy gave a little laugh. She loved when he did that. His tone all authorizing and masculine. Him wearing that suit was doing things to her she didn't understand. All she wanted him to do was kiss her and never let his lips move from hers.
The grip of his hand tightened as they walked towards the elevator. While waiting for it to come he couldn't help but look at her. She looked grown-up and unbelievably sexy. He could feel the heat spreading over his body. She was staring into space, lost in her daydream. Everything about this probably felt like a dream to her. Dante was just pleased to be away from his father and all the other rubbish he had to deal with.
The elevator doors opened and they stepped inside, the second the doors closed Dante could feel the static energy emerge between them. Tammy's floral scent took over the whole confide space and his mouth went dry. A pain ripped through his throat as if he hadn't drank anything in months.
He closed his eyes and took in a deep breath, unaware what was happening to him. How could she make his body react in this manner? This was a completely new feeling towards her and he couldn't make out what it meant. Okay, so when it came down to the ladies he wasn't a complete stranger or virgin. Never in his life had someone had this reaction on him.
He slowly opened his eyes and Tammy was staring at him. He couldn't afford to tell her about what he'd just felt. This was all new to her. He didn't want to wreck their trip. Especially her first trip out of Ashville. The elevator pinged and the doors opened, he stepped out his hand still gripping hold of Tammy's.
“I hope you will enjoy yourself,” he firmly said, still trying to regain himself.
“I will enjoy anything if you are there with me” her voice slightly husky.
Dante whipped his head round at her and a slight smile danced upon his lips. He had been so consumed with himself in the elevator, he hadn't regarded Tammy. Had she had her own physical torture in that confide space? He hoped so, as it meant they were on the same page. He pushed what had happened to the back of his mind, nothing about tonight was about him. This was all for her....
As they made their walk through the restaurant, Tammy couldn't help but notice all the women stare at Dante as he walked by. Some would lean over and say something to their friends. A few gave Tammy the evil glare, but she decided to play smug. She had nothing to worry about. Dante only had eyes for her. They were escorted to a table and Dante pulled the chair out for her. She sat down and started looking around.
He was right the place was fancy; chandeliers hanging everywhere, candles lit on the tables. She touched the tablecloth-- was that silk? A small violin quartet playing quietly in the corner and all the waiters dressed in dinner suits. Then her eyes diverted to the place setting, how many knives, forks and spoons??? She was lost and way out of her depth, she didn't know a thing about fine dining.
“Don't worry” Dante smiled, watching how for the last few minutes, Tammy had done nothing but look at her place setting. “You just start from the outside and work your way in.”
“You must be embarrassed” Tammy sighed, “I must stick out like such a sore thumb. Did you notice how many people watched your grand entrance?” Tammy paused and looked back down at her hands. “They must think you're doing some charity work-- Out reach program for peasants.”
Dante's jaw locked tight and he smacked his hand down on the table, trying to avoid others from looking over. Tammy immediately looked up at him, his face full of anger. At least she hadn't softened him up too much. She sort of liked the man she had originally met.
“Now,” he raised an eyebrow, his voice low and growling. “No future wife of mine is going to refer to herself as a peasant. After all, I bet you didn't see how the men reacted to your entrance.”
Tammy rolled her eyes. “Don't be stupid, no one has ever looked at me except you.”
“Then you are blind... Do you know how beautiful and sexy you look right now? If I didn't have morals and a promise to my mother, well...” His voice trailed off, he had to stop his thoughts in their tracks.
Tammy's eyes widened. “A promise to your mother.” Now she really was intrigued... Then it hit her, was he referring to sex? Surely not, like he even saw her like that. Although he did say she looked sexy, but he was probably just being kind, trying to make her feel more confident with herself.
Shit! Tammy could feel her breathing hard and her heart thumping in her chest. What if he did want to sleep with her? She had never slept with anyone before. She would be such a big disappointment. The fear began to fill her body-- Was this why he had brought her away? Try the goods before you buy, if that was the case, Tammy knew he would be looking for a refund.
“Champagne?” The waiter said, placing two glasses down on the table.
Tammy looked at the glass, this would be the second time in her life she drank alcohol, but she did remember Jenna and Rose say wine had helped them overcome their nerves the first time they did the dirty with their now husbands.
Tammy picked the glass up and downed the lot without even taking a breath. She placed the empty glass back down, the waiter looking at her stunned. “Another?” She just nodded and he poured another glass. “I will be back shortly to get your orders.”
“Hey,” Dante smiled, a little worried about her reaction to what he had just said. “You know I promised my mother we wouldn't do anything till we are married.”
A swirl of disappointment circled in the pit of her stomach. Now he didn't want her? Maybe he secretly knew she wouldn't be able to fulfil his needs. Once with a ring on her finger, he wouldn't be able to change his mind. Why was she getting all worried about sex?
Because she was a virgin and she wanted to please him. Also, in the elevator she had felt this deep dark pain below and the electric coming off him had her head spinning. She had to stop this. This was going to get her into some serious trouble.
Dante handed her a menu. “Order... And stay with me please,” he joked. “I would love to know what you daydream about. However, I am not a mind reader.” He looked down at his menu and Tammy followed.
Wow! The prices were out of this world. Some things cost more than she earned in a month. Once again, she felt poor, she had to get past all the hatred she felt about money.
“What you having?” Dante asked his head now in his hands and his dark eyes focused on Tammy. She was beginning to behave slightly oddly. He hoped he hadn't offended her in any way.
Maybe it was the restaurant, all this was new to her and he had sort of dropped her into the deep end. He just wanted to treat her to the best and treat her like a princess. She was his princess, his dainty precious princess who deserved to see and taste the world. At least he owed her this much for everything she was giving up for him. Or what she was willing to give up before he decided against plan A.
Tammy looked up from her menu, it wasn't just the prices she had a problem with she couldn't read French either! It was no good, she was going have to confess, he was sure to laugh at her.
“I can't read it,” she cringed. Dante tilted his head to the side and his eyes widened. “What?” she huffed, knowing full well she wanted to burst out laughing.
“Have you decided?” The waiter had reappeared.
“Yes,” Dante's eyes moved off Tammy. “We will have two Steak Tartars and two Roast Sea-bass.” The waiter quickly wrote it down and went off again. Dante could feel Tammy's eyes burning into him. She had an amused look on her face, which intrigued him.
“You ordered two?” She quietly said, in case anyone was listening into their conversation. A few women still had their eyes firmly fixated on Dante.
“Yes and your point?”
“So, you do eat then?”
Dante threw back his head and laughed like Tammy had never seen him do before. Was she really that funny? “Oh Tammy,” he was now taking in deep breaths to try and control his laughter. “What... Did you think I only survived on blood? I am human as well.”
Tammy felt her cheeks turn bright red, she hadn't assumed that... She thought he lived off her energy. Which she was clearly wrong about, she suddenly felt very stupid. 	“Sorry,” she muttered, feeling shameful, she wanted a hole to appear and swallow her up.
“It's okay,” he had finally stopped laughing. “I just don't like breakfast or lunch. I prefer to eat at night.”
Now it was Tammy's turn to laugh, when Dante realized what he said he joined in with the laughter too. Dante couldn't remember the last time he laughed so much, since after awakening there didn't seem much to laugh about. Now with Tammy life was looking up-- he didn't want this new found happiness to end.
***
Tammy had lost count of how many glasses of champagne she had drank after glass number two. Dante had helped her get back to the penthouse, but her legs felt as if they were independent from the rest of her body. Dante propped her up against the door frame as he opened the door. Once the door was open, in one swift movement he scooped her up in his arms and carried her inside.
Tammy rested her head against his chest and took in his intoxicating scent. She wished she could bottle it up and keep it as her special perfume. She looked up at his sculpted face, which was now looking down at her; his black hair clinging around the sides of his eyes. Tammy felt her heart beat faster. She looked at the shirt button open, exposing a peek of his porcelain skin. She wondered what his skin would feel like against her fingertips or maybe beneath her lips.
She flinched at her own thoughts. She wondered what it would be like him making love to her. Tonight had been wonderful, surely tonight would be a wonderful time to lose her virginity. Then she remembered about the promise he had made to his mother. Like she would know if he had broken it. Never more than now did she feel surer of her decision. Everything was perfect, romantic dinner, a beautiful place and on her first trip out of Ashville. Now had to be the time.
Dante pushed open the bedroom door, carried her over to the bed and gently laid her down. Her big green eyes were still staring at him, her pink lip gripped between her teeth. Her cheeks were slightly red and she was breathing very deeply.
He perched down beside and moved a strand of hair off her forehead. “You really did look beautiful tonight, Tammy.” She didn't respond, without warning, she pushed him down onto the bed, her lips colliding with his, as she straddled him and her fingers locking in his hair.
He fell into her kiss, his tongue dancing in out of her mouth and hers tantalizing in his mouth. His fingertips gently rubbed the exposed skin on her shoulders. He let out a little groan in the back of his throat and his body filled with desire.
Tammy broke away and looked down at him. One of her hands slowly undoing his shirt buttons. “Tonight, please,” she begged, her lips trailing down the bare skin of his chest.
Dante brought his hands up to his head. Her kisses felt too good, his blood was rushing around his body. His arousal building to great heights, but he couldn't do this, not now anyway. He wanted it to be right. He wanted her as his wife before they took this giant step of affection.
He pushed Tammy off him and pinned her to the bed. “No,” he said softly, her eyes sadden and tears welled up. He started to trail kisses all over her face. “It's not that I don't want” he raised an eyebrow. “There is nothing more I would like to do than make love to you.”
“So... What is it?” She cried, now feeling stupid, embarrassed and unwanted.
“I want you to be Mrs Renaldo before we...” For the first time ever Dante felt his own cheeks flush. “Make love to you” a smile hitting his lips, which made Tammy gasp. He lay back on his side and pulled Tammy into him and hugged her tight. “I love you,” he gently whispered. “And I just want everything to be perfect.”
“Everything is perfect, Dante” she rolled her eyes. She knew he wasn't going to change his mind and she wasn't going to force him. “Fine!” She kissed his cheek. “We will do it your way.”-- Like she had a choice!
Chapter Ten
Tammy's head was banging, every time she moved she felt she was going to be sick. Never again was she drinking alcohol, not only did it make you ill. It also led to embarrassing moments.
Dante sat opposite her at the breakfast table. He of course looked nothing but fresh and fabulous. Tammy hated how nothing affected him the way they did her. He hadn't even mentioned her pouncing on him last night. Tammy cringed as she remembered. He was probably now thinking she was a total slut who randomly slept with anyone. If he only knew the truth about how pathetic she really was.
Tammy reckoned she was the only 21 year old virgin in actual existence. She reached out and grabbed her coffee cup. She never drank coffee, but decided she would need it today, just to get through everything Dante had planned.
“Are you not speaking this morning?” Dante asked, as he flipped through his newspaper.
“My head hurts” Tammy complained as she swallowed a gulp of coffee.
“Maybe next time you decide to drink that much champagne” his voice almost sounding like his father's. “You'll eat more and drink more water!”
“Please, don't start,” she huffed, placing her coffee cup down on the table. “Also, I wanted to say sorry for last night. The way I behaved was out of order and just to make things clear,” Tammy cringed at the thought of her confession. “I have never done that before... EVER!”
“I know,” he sighed. “I have already worked out you're a virgin.” Tammy's eyes widened, the way he said virgin—like it was a good thing. “Tammy, don't hate yourself for remaining pure and innocent.”
Pure and innocent? The words mortified her... She wanted nothing more than to shred the idea of her being that. She wanted to discover the sexual devil that lived deep within her. Tammy rolled her eyes. She had to stop over thinking that her virginity was her own curse. She would have to wait a while before she discovered the magic of having a physical relationship, as it didn't look like Dante was going to change his mind any time soon.
“What are we doing today?” She groaned, picking up her coffee cup and trying to change the subject.
“Well” Dante smiled, quickly folding his paper away. The grin on his face instantly put Tammy in a good mood. “Madame Tussands” his voice full of excitement.
“Sounds wonderful” her own voice matching Dante's.
***
Dante walked along side, Tammy as she chatted away about everything she had seen in Madame Tussands. He had tried really hard to enjoy himself, but the pain in his throat and stomach was beginning to get unbearable. This morning when he woke up it started and as the day went on he was really beginning to feel sick.
Tammy stopped in her tracks and looked at Dante. “Are you okay?” He looked off colour and had been quiet during their whole visit. She reached out for his hand. “Wow, you are really hot.”
“Stop fussing” he whipped her hand away. “I am fine!” He carried on walking ahead, he had to get back. He just wanted to lie down and sleep.
Tammy trailed behind, what is wrong with him? She thought to herself, did asking if he was okay offend him? She had to admit he had been acting weirdly, that wasn't the first time today he had snapped or brushed off her hand. Maybe her little fairy tale bubble had finally popped! Or maybe he was just coming down with something and she was getting paranoid.
Everything about him looked weird, his skin had gone very pale and she had witnessed on a few occasions his hand gripping his throat. Something was clearly wrong with him. There was no point asking him, unless she wanted her head bitten off once again.
They finally arrived back at the penthouse. Dante disappeared off into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him. Tammy guessed she was spending the evening alone. She slumped down on the sofa and closed her eyes. A little sleep wouldn't hurt.....
“Araghhhh” screamed a voice. Tammy woke up in complete darkness, she rubbed her face and it took her a few seconds to remember where she was. The voice screamed out again, she jumped up and ran to Dante's room. She opened the door and stepped in switching the light on.
“Tammy!” Dante yelled, as his hand gripped his throat and then his stomach. He fell to the floor, frantically tossing and turning. Tammy ran over to his side. He was pouring with sweat and his face white as a ghost. Tammy could see all his veins in his hands as gripped tightly.
“What should I do?” She screamed, he couldn't reply he was too much in pain. She scanned the room for an answer and lying on his night stand was his mobile. Ring his dad!
Tammy jumped up and grabbed the phone. Her fingers shaking as she tried to find Sir Renaldo's number, she hit the call button and began to pace around. Dante was still crying out loud in pain.
“Dante?” A voice softly answered.
“No!” Her voice filled with fear and anxiety. “It's Tammy... It's Dante. I really don't know what to do... He's in pain and it won't stop.” She burst out in tears as she watched him moving around the floor still gripping hold of his throat.
“Calm down, Tammy... Tell me where the pain is?”
“His stomach, he is clinging on to his stomach” Tammy watched as Dante's other hand gripped his throat. “And his throat!” She quickly added.
“What colour is his eyes?”
Eyes? Why would he want to know the colour of his eyes – that was a strange thing to ask? Without thinking too much about the question, she ran to Dante's side.
His eyes full of tears and wide, “Black!” She yelled the darkest, clearest shade of black she had ever seen before. She brushed some hair away from his forehead in a bid to comfort him slightly. Some of his hair clung to the sweat on his forehead.
“Tammy,” Sir Renaldo said firmly. “You must listen to everything I say. This boy will be the death of me.” He tutted.
Tammy watched as Dante suddenly stopped moving, she placed a hand on his chest he was still breathing. He had obviously passed out from the pain. “Tell me what to do, Sir Renaldo. I will do anything...”
“I'm afraid to tell you this Tammy, but you're the only one who can do it. My son has avoided his thirst, if he carries on he will get ill and we can't risk taking him to the hospital.”
It clicked and Tammy froze. “Blood? He needs blood?” Then she remembered what Claudia had told her – the lancet! Tammy didn't have any lancets. Shit! What am I to do?
“And quick, Tammy” he took in a deep breath. “Do what you have to do and fast, any longer and he is going to get worse.”
“Okay!” She pressed the end button. She looked down at her finger and there really was only one answer. She ran out of the room and into the kitchen, straight over to the draw and pulled out a knife. She took in a deep breath and plunged the knife into the tip of her finger. Blood squirted everywhere and she cried out in pain.
She ran to Dante, who was still and quiet. A trail of blood following behind her, she dropped to her knees and placed her bloody finger in between his parted lips. Dante didn't do anything.
“Suck!” She yelled, shaking him slightly. She watched his eyelids flicker and she could feel the sensation on her finger. His hand gripped hold of her wrist and sucked harder. “Dante!” Tammy called out, he was holding on to her so tight she could see her hand go blue from the pressure. Finally, his eyes sprung open and Tammy sighed with relief. “Dante?” She leaned over and kissed his forehead while he carried on drinking from her. His grip loosened and Tammy took her finger away, she was still bleeding badly.
Dante sat up and pulled off his shirt, the pain had stopped and the burning feeling in his throat had gone. He took Tammy's hand in his, wrapping the shirt around Tammy's finger to stop the bleeding.
He looked up and their eyes met. “Thank you,” he smiled. He leaned over and kissed Tammy on the cheek, sitting back on his heels, he took in her beauty, her long brown hair, her small pale doll face, and her bright green eyes staring at him as if he was a magical creature. He loved every inch of this woman.
“Marry me?” He blurted out.
“Huh?” Tammy chuckled.
“You heard me,” he raised an eyebrow. “Any woman who is willing to slash themselves for me is worth marrying. Please...”
“Sleep with me?” Tammy teased, she watched as his lips twitch in amusement. Her finger was beginning to sting and his white shirt was slowly turning red.
“Ah... Such a hard bargain,” he smirked. “You know sex and marriage pretty much come in hand in hand.” His eyes looked down at the blood. “But...” He paused. “I'm afraid we will have to talk about this later... You need to go to hospital.”
Tammy panicked. “No! Your Dad said we couldn't risk going to the hospital.”
He loved her innocence and her devotion towards him. “I am pretty sure they won't find anything suspicious about a cut finger.”
***
The rest of the trip seemed to get back on track, apart from her sore finger. She watched as they left London behind and headed back to Ashville. For the last few days of their trip Dante hadn't said a word about his proposal, Tammy had taken it as a sign he hadn't really meant to of said that. It was an in-the-moment thing! Or her begging him to sleep with her had turned him off the idea altogether.
Tammy rested her head against the seat and closed her eyes. The thought of going back to Ashville upset her. She had loved being somewhere new. She liked exploring and discovering. Now it was back to her boring old life. Well, not really, she had Dante now and he needed her more than ever. At least she had her job back. She was looking forward to getting back into the shop and seeing what new books they had in stock.
Dante's eyes flicked towards Tammy and back to the road. She was daydreaming again, this time he wasn't going to interrupt. He felt a pang of sadness that she hadn't answered his question to marry him. Maybe he had been too hasty and erratic for her. He had meant it and there was nothing else he wanted more. He owed her this much for saving him. He had been stupid to think he could avoid his thirst, if she hadn't been there he didn't want to think what would of happened.
He couldn't be that stupid again. It didn't matter how much he tried to turn his back on this stupid curse, it was always going to beat him. At the end of the day he was a vampire and now he was a vampire who liked the taste of blood.
He swallowed and could still taste Tammy's sweet blood running down his throat. He had never tasted anything more delicious in his life. At least next time he wouldn't have to worry about her accidentally cutting her finger off. Dante had the feeling the minute he walked into the house his father was going to start the lecture, not like he didn't know how stupid he was anyway.
“I was thinking maybe we should stop off and see my Gran?” Tammy interrupted Dante's thoughts, and she saw out the corner of her eye him flinching. “Okay, just drop me off.”
Dante's fingers tightened on the steering wheel. “It's not that I have anything against her...”
“But you're afraid she will start yelling at the top of her lungs” Tammy snarled, she knew deep down her Gran wouldn't say anything. How many times had she asked her questions and her Gran's lips had remained tightly sealed?
“No!” His jaw shut tightly. “I just don't want to upset her... She thinks I am my uncle. It's not fair to lie to her.”
“Did you see how happy she was when she thought you were him?” Tammy turned in her seat to look at him. “I have never seen her smile like that – ever!”
“My uncle is dead, Tammy. Their baby died. Do you really think it is fair to let her remember all of that?” His eyes never removed from the road, that wasn't the only reason. There was more that Tammy didn't know and he didn't want her knowing any more right now. She had just gotten use to the basics, when the time came, he would tell her the rest. Right now, he only had one thing on his mind..... Getting down on one knee and making her say yes to his already asked question.
Chapter Eleven
“Tammy!” Mrs Waters smiled as Tammy walked into the bookshop. She wrapped her arms around her and hugged her hard. Tammy gave a little smile, she had missed Mrs Waters. “I am glad you have decided to return.” She pulled away, and studied Tammy. “All the customers have missed you and your recommendations.” She clapped her hands in a little delight. “They will be pleased.”
“I never thought anyone noticed me” Tammy replied, feeling a little overwhelmed by her welcome. Tammy looked round the shop, nothing had changed. Well, of course not! She had only been gone just under two weeks. Her thoughts returned to Dante, she wondered what he would be up to today. Would he even miss her, after all they did spend all day in each others company.
“What happened to your finger?” Mrs Waters asked, pointing to the plaster.
“I cut myself with a knife while I was cooking” Tammy lied that was the story they had told at the hospital. It still stung a little, but it was worth it. Even though Dante had done nothing but apologize, what was she meant to do? Leave him in pain. She loved him too much to allow that.
“What is it like being in love?” Mrs Water’s eyes went all dreamy. She was into all the romantic stuff. “I remember when I first met my husband, all the talking and kissing.” She let out a little sigh. “Well, after twenty years of marriage that fades away. I'm lucky if he even grunts in my direction.”
Tammy gave a little laugh. She had missed everything about this place and was glad to be back. “I'm pretty sure Dante won't be like that,” she blushed. “He has asked me to marry him,” she blurted it out. She guessed it was still playing on her mind.
“What did you say?” Mrs Waters asked in astonishment.
Tammy pulled a chair out from under the counter and sat down. She still cringed at the thought of what she had said. She knew she should have replied yes straight away. As now, he hadn't dared mention it again. She almost felt like kicking herself and she didn't dare say anything either. It seemed as if the subject was now taboo... Just like her virginity!
“Nothing,” she murmured. A wave of embarrassment and foolishness filled her. She watched as Mrs Waters tried to shrug it off, but she could tell she was thinking Tammy was stupid too. “Do you think I should ask him?”
“NO!” Mrs Waters whipped her head in Tammy's direction. “Do you think he loves you?”
Tammy placed her hands against her chest, just thinking of him made her heart race and her palms wet. “Yes,” she smiled. She could feel his lips against hers. His arms wrapped round her and smell his scent.
“Is he handsome?” Mrs Waters was now teasing.
“Unbelievably so...” She was cut off by the shop bell ringing, she quickly looked up hoping it was Dante who appeared, but instead it was Jenna, all dressed up in her posh designer clothes.
“It's true!” She scowled. “He actually let you out!” She walked over to them and placed her over large Gucci bag down on the counter. She pulled out another chair and sat opposite Tammy and Mrs Waters. “Where have you been?”
“I got back from London yesterday” Tammy gave a big smile as Jenna lost her I-am-better-than-you look. Seriously, Jenna was Tammy's best friend, but ever since she had married Mr Big shot of Ashville, she had turned into a big snob. Jenna was married to the second richest families in Ashville the Rosenfeld's. It seemed they had rubbed off her a lot.
“Oh” her lips pressed together tightly, Tammy felt a little better. “I was really surprised you have come back to work,” she shrugged, scanning the tatty old book store. She didn't understand what Tammy thought was so appealing about it, it stunk of mould and there was dust everywhere. Jenna quickly checked her nails for dirt. “Where is Dante?”
“Dante?” Mrs Waters echoed. “He that his name? Sounds very sexy and dark.”
Tammy bit down on her lip and laughed privately in her head, If only she knew the whole truth!
“Mrs Waters,” Jenna snapped. “They are a bunch of freaks... Everyone thinks so, Tammy.” She crossed her legs and smoothed out her skirt, then flicked her blonde hair.
“They are not freaks!” Tammy's voice was full of anger, hadn't they already had this discussion the last time they saw each other. What was she even doing here? Tammy had worked in this shop since she was 16, and not once had Jenna bothered to visit her. Why now? What did she want?
“Jenna,” Mrs Waters said smoothly, but you could hear the hint of annoyance towards the girl. “Can't you just be happy for your friend? Everyone finds love in different ways... It doesn't matter about money or gossip... What matters is how they make you feel.” She rested a hand on Tammy's shoulder. “By the look of things, Tammy is having the time of her life.”
“It's just strange!” Jenna shrieked. “You go to his house and BAM” She clapped her hands together. “He is your boyfriend.” Jenna gave a little laugh. “What did he do? Pay your parents to take you away?” Looking full of herself and laughing, but no one else joined in.
Tammy's eyes widened and her bottom lip trembled slightly. Tammy swallowed hard... Did Jenna know something? She quickly discarded that thought, Jenna knew nothing. She was just trying to belittle her in front of Mrs Waters. What sort of friend was she?
Tammy rose from her chair and slammed her hands down on the counter. “You are vile! You think you are better than me... You think because you're married you are the only one who should be happy?” Tammy pointed a finger at the now shocked Jenna. “The Renaldo's are a kind, caring family – everyone in Ashville knows all about their charity work. You are just jealous, because you know I have found something you will never understand. Real love” Tammy smiled. “And he didn't have to buy me a massive bag to make me sleep with him.” Tammy leaned a little closer and lowered her voice. “They have names for women like you....”
Jenna's jaw dropped almost hitting the counter. “Tammy Miller!” Jenna stood up and grabbed her bag. “How can you speak to me like that?”
Tammy shrugged and folded her arms. “Well, if the boot fits!”
“I have never been so insulted” Jenna gasped. “Go ahead and be with your freak. The fact he chose you over Diana Lewis shows how desperate he really is.” She turned on her heel and stormed out.
Tammy felt a pang of sadness flow through her. They had been best friends since they were five. Jenna had turned into some monster and Tammy didn't need friends like that. She had her own life with a wonderful man. At least she still had Mrs Waters and her family. What else did she need?
***
Tammy lay on her bed and stared up at the ceiling, her argument with Jenna was still playing on her mind. Maybe she shouldn't have referred to Jenna as a whore? She just got angry it had been hard to bite her lip. She closed her eyes, maybe she would get to see Jenna in the village and apologize, and the situation did get out of control.
“Hey,” said a soft, sensual voice, she felt his arms reach out for her and pull her into his chest. Ah, exactly what she needed as his lips gently touched her forehead. “I'm sorry I wasn't here waiting for you. It's just I was planning something in the cottage for later.”
Tammy quickly opened her eyes and looked up at his handsome face. He was giving that smile and suddenly Tammy didn't feel bad about what she had said to Jenna. She deserved every bit of it. She snuggled into him tighter and took in a deep breath filled with his scent.
“What have you been planning?” She asked.
“You'll find out soon enough,” he chirped. “Wear the blue dress we brought you in London.”
“You say we, but you really mean you!” Tammy corrected. “How are you feeling?” She wanted to change the subject from money.
“Fine,” he kissed her forehead quickly and got up from the bed. Tammy sat up disappointed, she was enjoying her cuddle. “I'll meet you in the cottage in half an hour,” he gave a little wink and left the room.
Dante made his way into his parent’s room. They were laid on the bed watching a movie. His mothers gave a big grin as she had been helping with this evening plan.
“Excited?” She asked, clapping her hands in delight.
Dante placed his hands in his pockets and leaned against the door frame. He was trying to play it cool, but really he wanted to jump on top of the house and tell the world. “A little,” he shrugged.
“Can you believe it, Howard” his mother now turned to his father, who hadn't bothered to notice Dante standing in the doorway. He was still pissed at him for the London episode, but it didn't bother Dante, he had better things on his mind. “Our little boy is finally a man.”
“A stubborn man” Sir Renaldo added. “Do you understand how serious that situation was...?”
Dante held up his hands and gave a slight grin. “I know,” he protested. “I know and I am very sorry. It will never happen again, I promise.”
Sir Renaldo narrowed his eyes. “Well... You better be.” He stood up and made his way over to Dante. He pulled a box of his pocket and handed it over. “I think you should have this.”
Dante curiously opened the lid of the box and looked at the ring his father had just given him. He pulled it out and started to study, a gold band with the biggest sapphire stone surrounded in diamonds. “Whose is it?” Dante asked, the ring was amazing.
Sir Renaldo placed a hand on his son's shoulder. “It was Edwina's.”
Dante immediately put the ring back into the box and handed it back. “I can't give Tammy her grandmother's engagement ring. That is weird!”
“Why?” Dante watched as his fathers face fell, he hadn't meant to hurt his feelings. It just didn't feel right. “My mother gave it to Angus and when he died Edwina gave it back to my mother. She thought she was doing the right thing. Now, you should give it to Tammy, as really it belongs to her family.”
Dante hated his father's way of reasoning. As much as he wanted to fight his case he knew he would never win. He had already defied his father with the contract and the whole London thing. He rolled his eyes and took the ring again, placing it in his pocket.
“I guess,” he tutted, his father had the face of victory. “Mum,” Dante said. “Will everything be ready by 8?”
He watched his mother gracefully move across the room towards him. “Everything is set in place... You do what you have to do and you do not leave until she says yes. Otherwise, the second part isn't going to work!”
Dante already knew that, he took in a deep breath this was the most exciting, but yet the most nerve wrecking experience of his whole entire life. He had never felt this scared since he had awoken a few months ago. He knew deep in his heart he had been waiting for her his whole life and in a few hours she would be his.... Forever.
Chapter Twelve
Tammy stood nervously outside the cottage while Dante fumbled around trying to open the door. There was something distracting him, she swore she saw his hands shake, and a little sweat was building up on his forehead. He still looked very handsome dressed in the dinner suit he wore in London. Tammy looked down at her own dress. It didn't feel the same as in London. Well, she hadn't had the help this time from the make-up artist and hairdresser. She had tried to do a good job.
Dante finally managed to open the door and led Tammy in. He was life threatening nervous now. He watched Tammy as she looked round the candle lit room, in front of the fireplace, laid a blanket with rose petals scattered around it. His hand still in hers, he escorted her over and sat down, making Tammy sit down opposite him.
She looked beautiful, her eyes wide with wonder, a little smile on her lips – as if she knew what was coming next. Her long brown hair resting on her perfect pale skin, he took both her hands in his. He could just stare at her all day, but right now he didn't have the time. He was expected to be back in the house in half an hour, well, if this went to plan.
He cleared his throat. “I‘ve thought about what I should say a million times today. I even had it word for word, but now...” He released one of Tammy's hands and touched her cheek with his fingertip. Her skin was always soft. “Looking at you and how beautiful you are... It's gone.”
“Dante,” the way she said his name sent tingles down his spine and made his blood race. “I think I know what you're going to ask me” her cheeks blushed slightly. “I feel really bad for not answering your question in London.”
“I know,” he smiled. “Please let me finish...”
“But!”
He placed a finger against Tammy's lips and instantly she was silent. Her big eyes just staring straight at him. He slowly removed his finger, certain that this time he would get out exactly what he wanted to say, he had too. He needed Tammy to understand what she meant to him, that everything had brought her to him. This had been fate. Something he thought he didn't want was now his purpose in life.
“I never wanted any of this,” he began, his eyes now firmly looking at the floor. “When my father explained what was happening to me and what I had to do,” he let out a breath, he couldn't believe he was about to confess. “I made a vow to myself that whoever I picked I wouldn't love, I would just use them for my own means.”
Tammy's eyes widened, but she carried on listening. She knew exactly what he meant. At first, Tammy had told herself that she just liked him physically, that quickly changed after their first stolen kiss.
“If someone had warned me about you,” he laughed. “At the time I thought I would have gone running in the other direction. I don't know what you did, you eventually won me around with your questions and you’re daydreaming and your old classic romantic ways.” A small smile hit his lips and his eyes shone brighter. “I have never felt this strongly drawn to someone... Ever. I can't imagine never being without you. You're everything I want and need. Nothing scares you and you never give up on me.”
Tammy sat perfectly still. She wanted to savour his words forever. She wanted to take a mental picture of his beautiful face all lit up by the candle light, the tone of his voice soft and velvety. His eyes sparkling but yet were still dark and in luring.
Tammy felt a deep dark pain in the pit of her stomach. She took a sharp intake of air as the pain travelled south. Something was happening to her, she was having her own awakening to sexual desire. She stopped her thoughts in their tracks. She had to focus on Dante, which was hard with having all her new feelings.
“I guess,” he hesitated. In London it had seemed too simple, now he was unable to get the words out. He changed from sitting to on one knee. This was what she had wanted all along. He pulled the box out of his jacket pocket and held it out for her. After opening the lid. “Will you marry me, Tammy?”
Tammy's eyes widened at the beautiful ring, she had never seen anything like it in her life. It was amazing. “Oh Dante” she smiled, this was perfect, everything about this moment in her life was undoubtedly the best ever. “Yes,” she yelled, leaping over and hugging him. Her lips found his and she kissed him as if her life depended on it. She never wanted to let him go.
Dante pulled away, he couldn't stop smiling. He traced a fingertip along her warm red cheek. “I guess its official,” he sighed, “You are mine forever, Tammy Miller. I will be everything for you and you will have everything you have ever wanted.”
***
Tammy didn't want to go to the house. She wanted to stay in her perfect little bubble with Dante. She wanted to stay huddled up in his arms and stare at her ring forever. Now, he was dragging her back to the house, once again, not telling her what was going on.
“Why won't you tell me?” She demanded.
Dante gave a little chuckle. She could still behave like a little child. He wrapped his arm around her shoulder as the made their way to the banquet hall. This had been his mother's idea not his. He stopped outside the door and Tammy looked at him puzzled. He gripped hold of her hands and in turn placed a kiss on each. “I know how much you were missing everyone. So, my mother came up with this. If you don't like it, then we will leave.” Tammy nodded. “Okay, close your eyes.”
Tammy shut her eyes tight and heard the door open, Dante guided her inside the room, and she couldn't hear anything. Then suddenly there was one almighty cheer and Tammy's eyes sprung open. She began to look round the room, everyone was smiling and clapping. Her mother, her father, Mrs Waters, a few people she knew from the village. Then her eyes finally fell on her Grandmother, she too clapping.
Tammy turned to face, Dante and wrapped her arms around her neck. “Thank you,” she rushed. “Thank you.... God, I love you... Thank you.”
His hands wrapped round Tammy's waist and he pulled her in tighter. “I love you too,” he whispered softly into her ear. “I think someone wants to talk to you.” They pulled away from each other and both turned to face Tammy's grandmother. Tammy nodded and ran over falling into her Grandmother's arms.
Everyone else got into the party spirit while Tammy sat in a corner with her Grandmother. She couldn't believe how well she was looking. Tammy even thought she saw a sparkle in her eyes. She didn't look confused or in a daze as she had done last time she'd seen her.
“I know, Gran,” Tammy quietly said. “I know everything...”
“Shh, child” her Grandmother smiled, she reached out for Tammy's hand and looked at the ring. “The same ring Angus gave me” her fingertip gently brushed against the sapphire. “I gave it back after he had died... I'm glad you are now wearing it.”
“You are?” Tammy looked stunned, while her grandmother was in a good frame of mind, maybe now would be a good chance to ask questions. “Aren't you worried about everything?”
“No,” she smiled. “I dreamed about this for years... I feel it in my heart. You’re the one, Tammy. You're the one who is going to end their misery. You’re going to finish what I couldn't.”
“You can't say that, Gran.”
“The night Angus left to find...” Suddenly she stopped, she bit down on her lip and instantly Tammy knew she wasn't going to finish what she was going to say, which intrigued her.
“To find who?” Tammy asked slowly.
Her Grandmother's eye glared at her. “You'll find out, child. You'll find out. For now, don't worry about anything.” She held Tammy's hand tight. “Just be the greatest Black Swan that man could dream of having.”
It wasn't long after that Tammy's grandmother had asked to go home. Maybe everything had got too much for her. Tammy started walking around the room, everyone would stop to congratulate her, but her head was in a whirlwind. Who had Angus gone to find? What was she going to find out? Just when Tammy thought she knew everything, something else would come up and blow her world apart. Tammy could no longer walk around. She found a chair and sat down.
“Hey,” said a little voice, Tammy looked up and there was Jenna. “May I?” she asked, pointing to the chair next to Tammy. “I am sorry for the way I acted today in the bookstore.”
Tammy turned to her friend and gave a little smile. “I'm sorry for implying what I did.” Tammy took Jenna's hand in hers. “You are my best friend and I need you more than anything.”
“Good...” Jenna smiled. “I was hoping I would be your maid of honour.”
“No doubt about it” Tammy smiled back.
“Could I steal my bride-to-be for a dance?” Tammy looked up at her dark and dangerous husband to be. She jumped up and threw her arms around his neck. “I'll take that as a yes.” He picked her up and their lips locked in a sweet kiss that took Tammy's breath away.
This was the happiest day of her life. She would take her grandmothers advice and not worry about anything till it was time.
Right now, she was going to the best Black Swan for the man she loved, he deserved nothing but the best. Maybe her Grandmother's dream would come true... Maybe Tammy could end this curse and finish what her grandmother couldn't... Only time would tell............
***
She stepped out of the house, leaving the party far behind her. It was beginning. A little thrill ran through her body. She started to make her way towards her car and her phone started to vibrate in her pocket.
She stopped, took out her phone and placed it to her ear. “Yes,” she said, her eyes moved back towards the house. The party was still in full swing, everyone congratulating that foolish girl and the dirty blood sucker.
“Well?” said an icy cold voice on the other end. “Are we there yet?”
“They’re engaged” she replied, a hint of disgust in her voice. “And I sensed his thirst has begun. It won't be long... I have a feeling they will be married in a matter of months.”
“Good” laughed the voice. “You know what you have to do. You need to stick by her, watch and wait. Then when the time comes” a loud chuckle came from the icy voice. “You know what to do!”
“Yes, sister,” she said.
“I knew you were a good choice out of us all.” The voice became very serious and authorizing. “We can't let them end this curse... You must do everything in your power. After all, they deserve this for all the deaths of our fellow sisters.”
“I know....” she sighed. “What if they come after me?”
The voice laughed a blood curdling sound. “You kill.... Just like I did to the last one who tried to take my life!”

Chapter Thirteen
Tammy looked through the bride magazine she had quickly got from the newsagents on her break. The wedding was in less than a month and she still hadn't chosen a dress. There just didn't seem anything she liked. Plus with a groom who looked like Dante she had to find something eye catching, she didn't want to look like the ugly duckling compared to the beautiful sculptured man Dante so effortlessly was.
“Please don't tell me you still have no dress?” Mrs Waters said, looking over Tammy's shoulder.
Tammy let out a tired sigh. “Nope! Me and Jenna are going into town tomorrow” Tammy crossed her fingers. “Lucky shop number 10!”
Mrs Waters placed a hand on her shoulder. she had seen this girl develop into a beautiful woman. She had come from nothing and now was marrying a wonderful man. She couldn't be more proud of Tammy if she wanted to be. “You'll find something, ” she reassured. “You will look beautiful in whatever you choose.”
“I have to look more than beautiful” Tammy smiled. “You know whatever Dante wears he will look amazing. I can't look like ME on our wedding day. I want to be the one everyone in this dumb village have their eyes on.” Tammy let out a defeated breath, who was she trying to convince?
Mrs Waters tutted. “And they will... I am sure of that.”
The shop bell rang and Tammy looked over at the door, she quickly picked up her magazines and stuffed them into her bag – it was home time!
Dante came strolling into the shop as if he owned the place dressed casual in jeans, T-shirt and a jacket. Smiling his amazing smile, his perfect eyes hidden behind his dark sunglasses. See! Tammy thought to herself. She hated the way he always looked better than her, even when he wasn't even trying. Although, her dress sense and wardrobe had seemed to of gotten a lot better since she had been with Dante. That was all down to Claudia, who had a shopping addiction.
“Good evening, Mrs Waters” Dante said, his voice crisp and neat. Tammy slid off the stool and took her place next to Dante and tried to imagine exactly what Mrs Waters was seeing; a tiny fragile pale girl standing next to a man that was obviously out of her league.
Tammy placed her hand in Dante's. She was starting to get a headache from all this stressing over ONE dress. A dress she would probably never wear again. “Have a nice weekend, Mrs Waters” she called out as she led Dante out of the shop.
They started walking towards his car, not one of them saying anything. Dante could tell by the way Tammy was biting down on her lip, she was deep in thought. He was a little angry that she hadn't even thanked him for picking her up. Well, he did it every day now as he had nothing else to do. His mind went back to the life he had before his awakening. A job and a home of his own. Would he be able to have that all now and share it all with Tammy? He hoped so, right now his thirst was out of control and he wondered if Tammy would even make it down the aisle.
“You're not speaking?” Tammy said, finally brought back from her dress drama crisis.
“Are you?”
“Sorry” Tammy sighed. “I am just tired and the dress” her voice trailed off.
Dante gave a little laugh and wrapped his arm around Tammy's shoulder. “You have three weeks to find a dress.”
“I haven't found one in three months... Three weeks isn't enough time!”
Tammy could feel herself about to get hysterical. She closed her eyes and took in deep breaths. Why was she making such a big deal out of this? She knew deep in her heart, whatever she wore Dante would still love her. They were drawn to each other like magnets. He treated her with such kindness and tenderness, as if she was a tiny China doll. She loved him back. There was no point basing her whole marriage on looks. She would just have to forget about her lack of self confidence. Tomorrow she was going shopping with Jenna. She would worry about it again tomorrow.

This was Tammy's favourite part of the day; lying on her bed, earphones in, music blaring, and shutting herself away from the rest of the world. She felt even more contented that Dante was laid beside her lost in a book she had encouraged him to read. She let herself get lost in the lyrics of thousand years. This had now become her favourite song as it always reminded her of herself and Dante. She felt one of her earphones be removed and slowly turned her head in Dante direction. He had obviously gotten bored of his book as it now sat on her night stand.
“About this dress...” he began and watched Tammy roll her eyes. She reached out for her earphones, but Dante stopped her mid-motion. “No, listen,” he growled. “Maybe you haven't found it because it's not made yet.”
Tammy sat up, now turning her whole body towards Dante. “I have already told you I cannot afford a dress maker.”
“And I told you...... You can!”
“Dante,” Tammy sighed. “I want to buy my own dress. Your parents have already paid for the whole wedding. They don't let me pay anything towards my keep, your mother has this annoying habit of doing all my shopping” she finally took in a deep breath. “Please, let me do this.”
“Well, how much have you got?” Tammy flinched, he noticed every time they mentioned money she would do that.
“Now we are talking about money?” she cringed, she hated money and she hated everyone keeping her. When she took her job back at the bookshop she was sure the Renaldo's were going to let her pay her way.
 Of course, they refused. She hated feeling as if she was living off them. Dante didn't seem to understand her point. Why did everything always boil down to money? Her whole life had seemed to evolve round it. At home with her parents money was an issue because they didn't have any. Now, it was the complete opposite! Was life always going to be like this or did she just dwell on things that no one else thought were important.
Dante let out a little air from his mouth. “You know I am going to stop this right now,” he grabbed something out of his pocket and placed it in Tammy's hand.
“You're carrying them around now?” Tammy looked down at the lancet in her hand. Dante was giving that smile which made her heart race and made her tingle.
“Not just them,” he joked, pulling out an antiseptic wipe from his other pocket. Tammy narrowed her eyes at him. “What?” he gave an innocent look. “It makes sense!”
“Really?” She lay back down. “Is this normal?” She asked, as she removed the wipe from the wrapper and began to clean the tip of her index finger.
Dante turned to face her lying on his side. “Is this normal?” He mocked her voice. “It's normal for us,” he hissed. “Why? You're having second thoughts about marrying a vampire?”
“I didn't mean it like that!” She quickly flipped over and straddled Dante, their eyes locking – her big green eyes and his dark brown eyes. She rested her head against his strong chest and let out a little sigh. “You know I want nothing more than to marry you. I was talking about your thirst.”
His arms wrapped around Tammy's small frame and his lips pressed against her forehead. “I don't know,” he slowly replied.
His thirst was something he knew nothing about. His father did say it would calm down, but when? That he wasn't sure of. He took one of her hands and looked at her fingertips. Each one had several pin prick marks. A wave of guilt swirled through him, he hated what he was. He hated the fact he was the one inflicting this on her. She never complained or denied him her blood. He brought her hand up to his lips and placed a kiss on each fingertip.
“Sorry,” he breathed.
“Never be sorry!” Her voice almost matching the way Dante would speak sometimes. She sat up. She twisted the top of the lancet till she heard the click. She placed the lancet against the fingertip she had just cleaned and pressed down till she felt the pin cut into her skin. She gave a little jump as always... Surely by now it shouldn't surprise her. After all she didn't feel any pain now.
Dante gently grabbed hold of her hand and pushed against the pin mark, blood oozed slowly from the wound. He closed his eyes as he took in the scent, nothing smelled or tasted as good as Tammy. He parted his lips and began to suck from Tammy's finger.
Tammy gave a little smile. “I'm glad I come in handy for something.”
Dante gave a wicked glint and removed his lips from Tammy's finger. “You wait till we are married... I'll show you what you are handy for,” he winked and returned to what he was originally doing.
“Seriously”, Tammy hissed. “You should really cut down on the blood. It does such strange things to you!” She rested her head back down on his chest and just enjoyed the feel of Dante's lips on her. She began to wonder what her blood tasted like. Dante had told her it was better than chocolate, she doubted that very much.
She closed her eyes and took in Dante's intoxicating scent. Wow, how she was going to get through another three weeks without combusting from all her pent up sexual desires was beyond her. It didn't help that Dante kept giving her comments from before. He was so controlled about everything. Tammy wished she could be more like him.
Dante strolled out of Tammy's bedroom and downstairs to the living room. He could still taste her sweet nectar in the back of his throat. He stood in the doorway and watched as his parents shared a dance. He rested his head against the door frame and watched. He'd never understood them before, it once made him sick their devoted behaviour towards each other. Now he knew.
“Dante,” his mother smiled at his father as swirled her around. “Why don't you get Tammy and dance with us.”
“She is sleeping.” He slowly walked into the room and sat down on a chair. “She is still stressing over her wedding dress.” He hated seeing Tammy like this. All he wanted to do was take some of the pressure off her, but she was such a stubborn girl. It was getting to the point where he would just go behind her back and arrange everything himself. He knew she would flip out and he couldn't risk a fall out this close to the wedding. He rubbed his brow in frustration, unless... “Mum!” His eyes darting over to across the room.
“Yes,” she giggled as his father lowered her down and quickly brought her back up. Dante cringed in disgust, sometimes they acted like a couple of teenagers.
“You could talk to Tammy. Persuade her to go and see a dressmaker. Tell her that I will cover the rest of the cost.”
His mother finally stopped dancing much to Dante's relief, watching them was starting to make him dizzy. “I don't know, Dante....”
Dante tilted his head to the side. “Come on,” he urged. “You're the only one she will listen to.”
“Or I could help” his father finally spoke.
“That could work” his mother's voice full of excitement. Dante knew she was just relieved that she had somehow got out of it.
Dante threw his hands in the air. “Fine. I will somehow do it myself,” he turned on his heel and walked out of the room.
He couldn't get his father to do it, every time his father and Tammy ended up alone together. He would somehow bring that stupid contract up. His father would never give up until Tammy had signed it. Dante didn't need any contract stating dumb rules and conditions.
He hadn't felt this happy in months. It was if finally he'd learnt to accept who and what he was. Although, he still hated it. With Tammy by his side his temper had somehow dissolved.
He had to get her the dress, just to show her how much she meant to him and to thank her for being the one to show him true love.
***
Tammy looked down at her breakfast. She was really getting bored with cornflakes, but didn't have the heart to tell Dante. He sort of got excited about this tradition. Tammy pushed the bowl away and the dreaded dress came to mind. Maybe Dante did have a point yesterday. She wasn't going to tell him. She could see the smug smile on his face. He liked to be proven right.
“You aren't eating this morning?” His voice light as he placed a single kiss on the top of her head. He pulled out a chair and sat down next to her. “Where are you going today?”
Tammy exhaled as she reached out for his hand. She knew she would never tire from the way her small hand fitted perfectly his large manly hand. With her free hand she began to trace his knuckles, his skin was always soft. He had perfect porcelain skin, when she thought about it everything about him was perfect.
“We are heading into Abingdon” she replied as she caught her breath. Once again her indiscreet thoughts about his body had taken over her mind. Her eyes slowly moved up the length of his body and up to his beautiful face. Her eyes immediately focusing on his pink lips and that faint smile she loved so much. “Why do we have to wait?” Her voice husky and full of need.
Dante's lips twitched and he placed his hand around Tammy's shoulder. His mouth moving towards her ear. “Because we do,” he whispered, he moved a strand of hair off her cheek. “It is only three weeks... And worth the wait, don't you think?”
“Why wait when you can just take me upstairs and make me forget about this stupid dress!”
Dante regained himself and sat up straight. “Why is this such a big deal for you?”
Tammy raised an eyebrow and smiled sweetly. “Are we talking about sex or the dress?”
“The dress” he firmly replied. “We could get a dress maker here today and you would have peace of mind. Then we could spend the whole day by the river or something.”
Tammy removed her hand from Dante's and shook her head. The doorbell rang and Tammy quickly jumped up. “I would love to spend the day with you” she smiled, walking round to his chair. She leaned over and placed her head on his shoulder. “I have promised Jenna.”
Dante closed his eyes and took in her floral scent. Her lips pressed against his neck and something erupted in his body, sending his blood south. He too was starting to feel the effect of waiting. There was nothing more he wanted to do but explore Tammy's hidden body. He let out a deep breath and shifted in his seat. His eyes slowly turning to her tiny face, his hand moving up to the back of her head. “Love you,” he hushed.
Tammy skipped out of the house and into the fresh air. Jenna was leaning against her shiny red sports car. Tammy was actually glad to be out of the house, sometimes the sexual tension between her and Dante felt suffocating. If only time would speed up, she thought to herself.
“Someone seems happy about going shopping” Jenna grinned. She moved round to the driver’s door and got in. Tammy raced to the car and got in. “Or did someone have a good wake up call?”
Tammy swallowed hard, she hadn't confessed to Jenna about Dante's old fashion ways. She already and frequently referred to them as freaks. Tammy didn't understand why Jenna had such a disliked to them. Everyone else in Ashville saw them as charitable people.
“I have a surprise for you in Abingdon” Jenna said as she revved up the car and pulled off.
Tammy looked around Jenna's new shiny toy. No doubt it was another present from her husband. Then she wondered what Jenna's real reason behind her marriage, was it money? Jenna obviously didn't seem to have a problem living off his wealth. In fact, it was all she spoke about.
Jenna hadn't come from a poor family like Tammy, which was probably why she didn't see the problem. Jenna had always got what she wanted and who she wanted. Then again Jenna was amazingly pretty. Classic natural blonde hair and blue eyes. Her skin was a peach colour and she had the perfect hour-glass figure. The complete opposite of Tammy's petite no shaped body.
“What is this surprise?” Tammy sighed, realizing the dress wasn't the problem. It was her and they way she felt about the way she looked.
“All in good time” Jenna chuckled.

“Rose!” Tammy screamed with shock. “What are you doing here?” She wrapped her arms around her friend's neck and then took a step back taking Rose in. It had been months since she had last laid eyes on her. She had changed dramatically, her once red hair was now jet black and cut into a cute little bob. She had definitely lost a lot of weight. She looked like a complete different person.
“Jenna called me and said you were getting married” her voice soft, she took a little step back and her eyes fell to the ground. “Why didn't you call me?”
The hurt filled Rose's face and Tammy felt really bad that she hadn't called her dearest friend. She had been too consumed with her stupid self. Worrying about a dress, how she would look next to Dante on their wedding day. She had been an awful friend and by looking at Rose before her, it looked like her own friend was going through a rougher time than her.
“I'm sorry” Tammy begged. “I am really sorry... It's just...” Tammy stopped, there was no excuse, and Tammy shrugged and watched a small smile appear on Rose's face. She could read Tammy too well. “Sorry” her voice small.
“Right, now you two have sorted that out” Jenna clapped her hands in delight. “Shopping time!”
Tammy looked at the puffed up white meringue. Once again NOTHING!! Jenna and Rose seemed to be more interested than she was. Everything they walked passed they ah and oh, which was different to Tammy's screwed up face. Once again, she had been defeated. What Dante had said this morning seemed more appealing than ever? Damn him! She thought to herself. What was wrong with her? Rose had even picked a bridesmaid’s dress... First shop!
“What's up?” Rose asked.
Tammy looked at Rose and then back at her reflection in the mirror. The white made her skin even paler and she looked almost lost in the big dress. Then it suddenly clicked...... It wasn't the actual dresses it was the colour that put her off. Then she remembered how good Dante thought she looked in the blue dress months ago in London. What would people say? What would Dante say? White was the colour of innocence and purity – Everything she still was, in spite of many attempts! Her eyes quickly darted around the shop then fell on exactly what she wanted.
Tammy turned to her friend with a massive smile on her face. After all it was her wedding day. Surely a bride could wear anything she desired and wasn't it also tradition that the groom didn't see the dress?

When Tammy got home that night she felt like a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders. Some how she had even managed to hide her purchase from Jenna. Who, of course without any doubt would have been the first to say something. Tammy didn't care. She had stashed it away in her mother's house. As she knew when at work, someone would go snooping.
She strolled into her bedroom and wasn't surprised to see Dante sprawled over her bed still reading the book. Why he even had his own room was still beyond her... Although, it was mainly down to his mother that they hadn't moved into the cottage they had renovated for him before Tammy arrived.
He slammed the book and tossed it to one side. “Finished” giving a big smile full of self pride.
“You really didn't have to read it, you know?”
“Well, I did,” he sat up and held his hands out for Tammy. “It was actually really good. Except that Alec D’Urbervilles was a prick!” Tammy fell into his lap. “I thought killing him was a bit dramatic, she should have got the glove out again whacked it around his face a few more times.”
Tammy buried her head in his chest and giggled. “The whole book is dramatic” Tammy said, taking a massive lung full Dante's scent. “Have you been locked up in here all day?”
“Pretty much” his lips found Tammy's cheek. “Any luck with the dress?”
“Yes” Tammy said, sounding pleased with herself.
“Finally!” Dante sighed. “No more listening to you whine about a dress. Are you going to tell me anything about it?”
“Nope.”
Tammy placed her lips on his neck and slowly trailed kisses up and down. Her hands slowly sliding up his shirt and trailing up and down his perfect stomach.
Dante inhaled deeply, he loved the way her touch sent him to another place. However, he had committed himself to wait. Without hurting her feelings he quickly turned on his side, they had to get out... He wasn't good with dealing with Tammy in confide spaces.
“You want to go out?” He asked, his eyes pleading with her. “We could go and watch a movie?” How much trouble would he get into with a room full of people?
Tammy narrowed her eyes, she was actually enjoying this. She was pretty sure if she carried on the colour of her dress wouldn't have be an issue of the wedding day. Then she knew how much he wanted to wait and he never went back on his word. She reluctantly sat up and smoothed out her hair.
“Okay,” she shrugged. Only three more weeks!
Chapter Fourteen
She checked the house and then looked back to the piece of paper she had received a few days ago. This was the place. Today she would finally be meeting the woman she spoke so frequently on the phone. Finally, it was happening. Her powers were finally going to be evoked and she was going to become like her fellow sisters.
She checked her makeup in the rear view mirror. She wanted to look perfect when she met the grand one. Her mother had always spoken fondly of her. She had taught her mother everything she knew and her mother had now passed it on to her. She could feel the hairs on the back of her neck stand up.
She got out of the car and made her way up to the pure white house, she would feel and smell the energy oozing out of her. She felt as if she comes home, somewhere she belonged and would no longer be judged. She had waited five years for this. Her mother had always told she would be chosen. A force was now pulling her towards the house. She took in a deep breath and pressed the doorbell.
The door slowly opened to reveal the woman her mother had spoken about. Her eyes immediately looked at the woman's nature beauty. Her long red hair brought out her pure blue eyes, a perfect oval face with full red lips.
“You came,” she sounded just like she did on the phone. “Come in,” the woman opened the door and stood still as she entered. Her eyes began to explore as she was escorted to another room. This is home, she thought. The house was very grand and smelled like pure roses, pictures hung on the wall and every single one intrigued her. She was slowly led to a room at the back of the house were a few other women just as beautiful as the woman.
All their eyes were on her, each one wearing the same smile as if they were pleased she was here as well.
“Now ladies, we all know why we have gathered here today” the woman turned to face her and pointed to a free seat on the other side of the room.
As she walked over to get her seat, she could feel the others watching her every move. In fact, she now didn't feel as confident as when she had first arrived. Maybe they didn't approve of her, maybe she wasn't going to fit in as well as she believed she would. A wave of disappointment washed over, her mother was going to be heartbroken if she didn't fulfil her dream.
The woman waited for her to sit before she carried on. “Our new sister has finally joined us today. We have all been waiting for this to come... Today her witch-hood will be born and she will be our minder. She will watch the others” her voice full of power. “As you all know the others are the one's who killed our sisters. Tortured them all because they didn't understand us or our powers.”
She sat and listened intensely, she didn't want to miss a single word that was being spoken. The excitement ran through her body. She felt like she was being reunited with her real family. Her eyes wandered round the room, all the women were listening just like she had been.
“If it wasn't for my bravery, and my heroic step to preserve us and our world, we would have been destroyed. That is why we take such care making sure their punishment never ends.” The woman's eyes turned to her. “That is why you are most important to us. You're the one who is going to be mixing with the others.” She felt everyone’s eyes turn to her, the woman smiled. “I will teach you everything you need to know and I will not allow any of them to get in your way. After all, you are taking over from me.....”
***
It was finally the day before the wedding. Tammy was making sure to keep the day as normal as she possible could. Although, the difference was this was the first night she was actually going to stay at her parent’s home. Rose and Jenna had somehow persuaded her to have a slumber party. They wanted to be with her in the morning when she got ready for her wedding.
She looked up at the clock on the bookstore wall, time seemed to be dragging and not seeing Dante for a whole day was beginning to get to her. She kept wondering if this was all too good to be true. The thought that this time tomorrow Dante would be her husband. Tammy Miller being married, she gave a little laugh. How everything had changed in such a short period of time shocked her.
Her mind wandered back to Dante, she wished she could see him. Just to make sure he still wanted this... Why did she doubt him all of a sudden? Wedding nerves? No, nothing ever worried Dante. Well, if it did he never showed it. She closed her eyes and took in a deep breath.... She loved him so much there was no way to describe it. Everything about him was perfect. She still felt like she was living in her own little fairy tale and he was still her dark and dangerous prince.
The shop bell rang and her thoughts were stopped in their tracks. Her eyes looked over to the brown head woman who was beginning to look round the store. The woman looked at her and gave a little smile. It was Diana Lewis.
“Hi Tammy” she said, her eyes still looking over the books. “How are you?”
“Good, thank you” Tammy smiled back. She didn't know Diana that well even though they were same age and went to the same school. She watched Diana pick up a book and bring it to the counter. “How are you?”
She shrugged her shoulders. “Same old,” she placed the book down on the counter. “The big news in the village is it's your wedding tomorrow.”
“Really?” Tammy said, shocked.  “What have people been saying?” Once again the dread of bringing the Renaldo’s attention played on her mind.
“Nothing much,” Diana dropped her head. “Just you are marrying into a rich family.” 
Tammy now realized what she was getting at. The tears welled up in her eyes.  They thought she was a money grabber. It was public knowledge she was poor, just like many other families in Ashville. She felt the bile creep up her throat, she wasn't marrying Dante for money... 
“Money means nothing to me, Diana” Tammy snapped, her voice ice cold. Something else she had picked up from Dante. She even had a funny feeling she was giving the same tight mouth and glared eyed look.
“I saw him talking to you at that weird party.” Diana added, ignoring Tammy completely. She leaned against the counter. “I have never seen anything that intense in my life. Had you two met before?”
“No” Tammy shook her head. “Well... Once! Here!” She stared at Diana, exactly, was this all about? They had barely said two words between each other and now Diana was pretending to be Tammy's best friend. Tammy quickly picked the book up. “Are you taking this?”
Diana looked at the book and thought for a second. “Nope! Changed my mind,” she smiled, standing up straight. “Have a good day tomorrow and give Dante my love.” She turned on her heel and walked off.
Tammy was stunned, trying to make sense of what was going on.  How did Diana know his name? What did she mean give him her love? Tammy could no longer stand and slumped down in her chair. Did Diana know something she didn't? Her head was now spinning and the joy she had felt before had instantly vanished.  Was Diana just showing jealousy, still wounded that she hadn't been chosen? But she wouldn't have known that, would she. Tammy was now shaking. Maybe she hadn't been Dante's first choice after all. Then again, he wouldn't lie to her. His words swirled in her head... 'I am drawn to you.'

Tammy sat on her bed in her old room and was still feeling dizzy from her afternoon experience. Questions upon questions kept popping into her head. It had to be Diana just being a bitch. She knew Diana and Jenna talked, maybe Jenna had told her his name.
Her bedroom door opened and her mother walked in. “All ready for your friends?” She placed two bottles of wine on Tammy's desk.  “Hey, you okay?” She asked, in her caring motherly tone. Tammy looked up and shook her head. She shouldn't have looked at her mother as her tears began to fall. “Oh, Tammy” her mother walked over and hugged her hard. “It is okay, we all feel like this the day before our wedding. It is just nerves.”
Tammy couldn't speak. It hurt to think she was keeping things from her mother. This was her life now. Getting paranoid if someone said something strange, keeping her loved ones in the dark and watching what she said in case it was wrong. The only place she could be herself was Ashville manor and she understood why the Renaldo's hid away.... Fear of being exposed.  
Tammy wiped the tears away as she pulled away from her mother. Maybe she wasn't as strong as she thought she was? Could she live her whole life like this? 
A pain in the pit of her stomach began and she was finding it hard to breathe. Would it even be possible live without Dante?
 No! Screamed the voice in her head. No, she couldn't give up on Dante...
It was wedding nerves and what Diana said didn't help. She wished she could speak to Dante, at least she would be able to speak freely, unleash all her doubts and he would reassure her with his kisses and his arms wrapped round her.
Tammy slowly looked up at her mother’s wonderful face and swallowed. “I guess you're right.”
***
“Everything good, Dante?” His father asked as he entered the kitchen. Dante was sitting at the table reading another book Tammy had suggested. Every minute that went by he missed her, tomorrow she would be his and the excitement was beginning to get unbearable. He was trying to lose himself in the book, but it wasn't really working.
Dante finally looked up from the book as his father sat down opposite. “No” Dante laughed, how he was even going to get through the night, he didn't know. The first time in months she wouldn't be next to him. “I know it's only one night,” he closed the book and set it down on the table. “It is driving me insane not being able to speak to her.”
“I know how you're feeling” he father smiled back. He looked down at his hands. Dante could tell something was on his mind. The way he frowned was always a big giveaway. “I was just wondering...”
“Don't start on about that contract” Dante replied, rubbing his brow with annoyance. 
“It's not the contract... I was wondering if you had told Tammy the full curse story.”
Dante raised an eyebrow. “Have you told Mum?”
His father's face fell and he slowly shook his head. “No, she never needed to know, Dante.”
Dante sat back in his chair and folded his arms. “There you go.” Dante suddenly felt bad that he was lying to Tammy. He had told her the same lie his mother believed. He ran his hands through his hair and ran his hands down his face. “Guilt is a horrible feeling...”
“Everything about this curse is horrible.”
“Why did you never tell Mum?”
Sir Renaldo tilted his head to the side and Dante watched his eyes move rapidly from side to side. “I guess not to scare her. She thinks if we'd had a girl then it would have been over.” He placed his elbows on the table and made eye-contact with Dante. “That's only half of it...”
“How old were you when Uncle Angus almost broke the curse?”
“Ten... I witnessed the whole thing” his father's voice now breaking in places. He closed his eyes and Dante listened to his father's story. “It was Christmas Eve, I was really excited. Edwina had been in her room all day in labour. My mother was by her side. The thought of Father Christmas coming and me being an uncle was wonderful. I remember being told the baby had been born by my father. He didn't smile, he didn't look happy. There was a lot of yelling and I was told to go straight to bed and not to come back down.”
Dante reached out for his father's hand, this was all new to him and his father was very brave for sharing. “I ran as fast as I could as I walked past the banquet hall I heard yelling... It was Angus. He was screaming at someone “You did this!” I peeked through a gap in the door and he was standing opposite a woman with bright red hair. I had never seen anything like her before, there was something dark about her. She was laughing at him, mocking him and she was taking a lot of pleasure from his crying. I couldn't move... I watched Angus, pull this knife out of his jacket and start walking towards this thing” his voice full of emotion.
“She started to back away. She was still laughing at him, jeering him on. Telling him he didn't have what it took and then she said something” his eyes opened wide. “Dirty blood sucker! I now know that it's an insult to us, probably the worst thing I have ever heard. I'm not really sure what happened, it was really quick. One minute he was standing, the next laying on the floor and blood everywhere.”
Sir Renaldo wiped a tear away from his cheek. “I tried to get up and run before she came out of the room, but I couldn't. She just looked at me and smirked, 'you are next' she laughed and disappeared. I have never laid eyes on her since.”
***
“Come on now, Tammy, drink up” Rose sang as she poured Tammy another glass of wine. Jenna was painting her nails and Tammy wasn't it the mood for any of this. This was a stupid tradition, why couldn't she just be with Dante.
“So” Jenna grinned, dipping the brush in the nail varnish. “Are you going to tell us what he's like in the bedroom?”
Tammy whipped her head round to her friend and felt her cheeks flush bright red. Could this day get any worse? 
Rose sat down on the floor opposite Tammy. “Come on, Tams... Dish the gossip.” Rose's face went all dreamy. “You are so lucky. Dante is drop dead gorgeous...”
“Tell me about it” Jenna's voice just like Rose's. “The way he looks at you Tammy... You just get this feeling he is going to jump on you.”
“And drag you away to his hidden cave” Rose giggled, which sent Jenna off. Tammy's eyes went from one to the other. “Well, tell us,” Rose pleaded.
“No!” Tammy snapped, now feeling very embarrassed. Although, there was nothing to tell. “A woman never kisses and tells” Tammy added, wishing she did have something to share with her friends. 
“Oh Tams” Rose was now giving Tammy a look of pity and her hand rested on Tammy's knee. “You haven't done it yet, have you?”
Tammy's jaw dropped open, was she that easy to read?  She heard Jenna take in a big gulp of air and she too was looking at Tammy with pity. Tammy jumped up and folded her arms, so she hadn't had sex. Anyone would have thought she'd told them she was dying. Surely sex didn't mean that much in a relationship. 
“So,” she said defensively. “It's just Dante has old fashion ways... He is waiting until we are married.” Her friends now looked confused, as if she was speaking in another language.  The pair of them was looking at her as if she was weird. So, she hadn't slept with Dante and she didn't have to justify anything to them.
“Ah, that is so sweet” Rose gushed, her face even more dreamy than before. “You are so lucky, Tammy. Everything about him is perfect.”
Tammy felt the tension from within release and smiled at Rose. She was right everything about Dante was perfect and Rose had only met him once briefly. Jenna was sat staring at Rose with her screwed up face. Tammy had the feeling he hadn't won Jenna around yet.
“What's with the face, Jenna?” Tammy asked, returning to her original position on the bed.
“Nothing” Jenna shrugged. “It's just yes he is good looking,” she sighed. “I just think there is something odd about him, that's all. Maybe he just a little too perfect, do you see what I am trying to say?”
“Oh Jenna – shut up!” Rose spat, taking another sip of her wine. “You would think that because no man can ever live up to your husband Nathan Rosenfield!”
Jenna flicked her hair and narrowed her eyes. “So!” Her voice full of venom. “It's not just me that thinks something is weird about that family.” Her eyes now turned to Tammy. “Nathan's dad does too.”
Jenna had now caught Tammy's attention. “Nathan's dad was friends with Dante's dad. In fact, when they were twenty they were going to start up a business. Then Sir Renaldo just disappeared one day... They haven't said one word to each other since.”
“That doesn't mean they're weird” Rose snorted. “He just discovered what a creep your father in law is.”
“He is not a creep!”
“Really?”
“Okay” Tammy jumped up and stood between her friends. “Maybe we should think about getting some sleep. After all, we have a wedding to look good for.”
Tammy finally got into bed and closed her eyes. She wondered if Sir Renaldo had realized he had brought some attention to his family.  She could hear Rose snoring and gave a little smile. Then it clicked, where was Rose's husband? She hadn't mentioned a single word about him, she shook her head it was none of her business. She closed her eyes, but was now feeling too restless to sleep. Tomorrow she was finally going to be Mrs Renaldo and the butterflies started in the pit of the stomach. Finally, her own curse was going to be broken. She was going to learn the meaning of passion and desire.
Click! Click! Click!
“What's that?” Jenna whispered, sitting up beside Tammy. She got up and walked over to the window. “Tammy” she hissed. “You have a visitor!”

Dante sat on the steps as he waited for Tammy to come down, he knew he shouldn't come here and Jenna had informed him so. He heard the front door creak open and Tammy appeared in her dressing gown. He quickly jumped to his feet and ran over to her, his arms wrapping around her, his lips pressing against her forehead. He had missed her badly. He looked up at the window and Jenna was still staring down at them.
“Come,” he demanded, pulling her away from then his. “We are being watched,” he pointed up to the window. He escorted Tammy to his car and opened the passenger door for her. Tammy smiled up at him as she climbed in. He gave her another kiss on the forehead before walking round and getting into the car himself.
“So, what's with the surprise visit” Tammy turned to face him.
“Do I need a reason to come and see my wife?” He moved a stray strand of Tammy's hair and like always she fell into touch.
“I am not your wife just yet,” she softly replied. “I am glad you came actually” she stopped and moved away from Dante. “I have some questions...”
Dante tilted his head to the side. “I would be surprised if you didn't?”  He reached out for her hand, she was shaking. “Are you cold?”
“No!”
He held her hand tighter and suddenly was filled with fear. Was she having doubts about everything? He could see her fear spreading across her face and his heart was now beating fast with worry. “Spit it out, Tammy!” He growled, his temper once again getting the better of him.
“Diana Lewis,” she hissed with disgust. He gave no reaction, his jaw was still tight and his eyes staring at her. “Diana Lewis!” She added he wasn't even blinking now. “Well?” She urged him on removing her hand from his grip.
“What about her?” He sat back and ran his hands through his hair. Tammy watched his perfect pink lips twitch a little and his dark eyes shot back at her. “She was invited to the party... So?”
“She said for me to send her love to you” her own tone matching Dante's.
“Yeah,” he shrugged. “So?”
“You don't know her?” She suddenly felt very embarrassed and foolish. Why hadn't she gone with what she had thought at first? It was just Diana being a jealous bitch. She sat back in the chair and placed her hands over her face. How could she of been stupid enough to even think that. She heard Dante begin to chuckle. “Why are you laughing?”
“Oh my dear Tammy” his voice was now soft and full of humour. He grabbed hold of her hands and moved them away from her face. Tammy didn't have the nerve to make eye-contact with him, especially when he was blatantly laughing at her. 
“Stop with the laughing!”
“I can't help it...” He tried to restore himself, but her little face all screwed up only in fuelled him. She gave him a little shove. “Sorry,” he smiled. “Come here,” he said, holding his hands out. Tammy climbed over and landed in his lap.
“You're mean,” she mumbled, resting her head against his chest and taking in his intoxicating scent. From tomorrow this would be hers forever. “Are you excited?”
Dante looked down at her. “In more ways than one” he raised a perfect eyebrow and hugged Tammy tightly.  “How was the slumber party?”
Tammy groaned as she remembered what Jenna had said. “Wonderful” she lied, her voice flat. She closed her eyes. She wished she could spend the whole night sleeping in his arms. His fingertips began to play with her hair and she began to relax.
“I should really get you back in the house before the she-devil starts a search party.”
“No,” she protested, she was too lost in the moment to even think about going back inside. She knew Jenna would start again with the bad luck lecture. She gripped hold of him tighter not allowing him to move. “Five more minutes,” she pleaded. Tammy heard a little chuckle deep in the back of Dante's throat and once again, she had got her own way.
***
The sunlight flooded through the bedroom window and Tammy slowly opened her eyes. She sat up bolt right and looked around. She was in her bedroom! How did she end up here, Jenna was on the other side still snoring. Rose was sitting crossed legged on the floor, staring at her phone.
“Morning” Tammy yawned. Rose's eyes sprung up and looked at Tammy. She didn't speak, only smiled politely at Tammy. “Sleep well?” Rose just nodded and Tammy ran out of questions to ask. They both sat in silence, Jenna's snoring getting louder. Tammy couldn't listen to Jenna any more. She quickly made up an excuse and left for her Grandmother's room. 
“Gran” she called out as she knocked on the bedroom door. She heard her Gran call out and she stepped into the room. Her Grandmother sat up in bed giving her a big smile. Tammy had missed this most about living at her home. She also felt a little guilty, she didn't spend as much time as she would like with her. She walked over and sat beside her Gran. 
“You must be very excited,” she held a Tammy's hand tightly. “I remember my wedding...”
“Now which one are you referring to?” Tammy teased. It had now become their private joke. She lowered her eyes, realizing her mother knew nothing of her Grandmother's hidden past. Once again, she felt bad, was this feeling never going to go away?
“Both” she laughed. “I have something for you,” she pointed over to a chest of drawers on the far side of the room. “It's in the first draw, in a black box.” Tammy just remained staring into space. “Go get it,” she nudged. Tammy stood up, got the box and returned back to her grandmother. “Well... Open it!”
Tammy rolled her eyes and removed the lid. Sitting inside on red velvet was a pearl necklace. “Angus gave it to me on our wedding day and I want you to have it.” Tammy looked over and her Gran was still smiling. “Say something, child.”
“Thank you...” Her voice trailed off as her thoughts of feeling bad returned. “How did you deal with the lying to everyone?” Tammy watched her Gran's eyes lower and she tilted her head to the side. She was obviously thinking of a good answer or maybe she had felt the same as her.
“You just learn to not let other bother you,” she replied in a perky tone. “After all, no one really knows what happens behind close doors.” She reached out for Tammy's hand again. “Don't dwell on others, child.” She turned Tammy's hand upwards and looked at the pin prick scars. “After all, we have a role to fulfil, don't we?”  She removed her hand away from Tammy's and held her finger up. Tammy gasped at the first every sight of her Grandmother's scars.  “Without us they cannot survive.”

Chapter Fifteenth

“Stop fussing!” Dante tutted at his mother, as she tried to help him with his tie. He pushed her hands out of the way and tried to do it himself. His nerves were really getting the better of him now, his hands shook, his mouth was dry and to top it all, his throat was beginning to feel sore. Great! That was the last thing he needed today. He hadn't managed to get much sleep either without Tammy being around. The bed had felt cold and empty.
“One hour left” his mother cheered.
“I can tell the time, mother,” he snapped. “I can't do it!” He yelled, throwing his tie to the floor, he took in a deep breath and ran his hands through his hair. He looked up and his mother was staring at him with a blank expression. “I meant the tie not the wedding!” She gave a breath of relief and gathered the tie up from the floor.
“Wedding nerves that’s all.” Dante rolled his eyes, he had already had this talk with his father over breakfast, and Claudia quickly got to work on the tie. “I remember my wedding day. I couldn't keep still for longer than a minute. My mother almost had to sit on me to keep me still.” She straightened out the tie and stood back to admire her son. “Handsome as ever....”
“Thank you,” he mumbled.
“I am really happy you have met someone like Tammy” she hadn't taken the thank you as the polite way of 'go away' Dante had intended. “To tell the truth, it was fate that brought you both together. Strange how things work out...”
“We have to go” Sir Renaldo appeared at the door, Dante had never been so happy to see his father ever. He knew his mother's intentions were good, but he couldn't deal with her rambling while he was this nervous.
“Coming” his mother sang, before Dante could make his escape her hand reached out for his arm and she pulled him back. “Just be the best husband you can be... Show her love everyday and always make her feel special. That's really all a woman needs.”
He felt his expression soften and he leaned over. “I will bare that in mind,” he smiled, while he placed a kiss on his mother's cheek.
***
“BLUE!!!” Jenna screamed, her eyes looking like they were going to pop out of her head. “Oh my God! You're the one person in this room who deserved to get married in white and you choose blue!”
Tammy looked down at her wedding dress, she loved it; the bodice was covered in crystals, the fairy tale big skirt and the colour was Dante's favourite. This dress was perfect. Her mother had even managed to make her a blue veil with crystals to match the bodice. She stared at her reflection in the mirror and for the first time in her life felt beautiful and worthy of Dante.
“What are people going to say?” Jenna added.
Tammy bit down hard on her lip. She didn't want to say something which could escalate the situation. What was wrong with the colour? After all was a dress even the most important part of a wedding? This was about her declaring her love for Dante... He was really the only thing that mattered to her. Tammy raised her hand and touched the pearls around her neck. They finished off the outfit perfectly.
Tammy took in a deep breath and suddenly felt very giddy with happiness. The nerves and doubts from yesterday had vanished from the talk with her grandmother.
“I think you look wonderful” Rose smiled, placing an arm round her best friend's shoulder. “Ignore her – I do and often.”
Jenna narrowed her eyes and folded her arms. “Explain exactly why we are friends?”
“Because I have a weird obsession when it comes to strays.”
Tammy held her hands up. “Enough! No more fighting.” She turned round and looked at the people she cared about deeply. Both of them looked beautiful in their bridesmaid’s dresses. She wondered what Dante was doing this very second. No doubt his mother was annoying him. She had a tendency of swirling around people and always offering help when it really wasn't needed.

The whole drive to the church Tammy was lost in her thoughts. Her nerves had once again been set a light not over the wedding but for tonight... When she and Dante would be alone and she would be Mrs Renaldo. A rush of excitement whizzed through her veins and the blood began to pump in her ears.
What if she couldn't please him? She had worked out a while ago. He wasn't in the same predicament as she was. There was no way on earth he had managed to sustain like her. He was too beautiful... Then the jealous kicked in... She wondered who it was. What lucky person got to be his first without dealing with his curse?
Would he base me on her? She flinched at the thought no that was a stupid thing to think. He was marrying her, he loved her. Surely nothing could compare to that. Then again Tammy didn't have anything to compare it to.
She felt her dad place a hand on hers. “If you keep biting that lip you will draw blood.”
“Sorry” Tammy sighed. “I was just thinking that’s all.” Tammy looked at her father. He looked very handsome in his suit. In fact, it knocked ten years off him. He had changed slightly such her leaving. His dark brown hair was slowly turning grey and he had a few more lines on his forehead. They very rarely spoke to one another now. Tammy felt sad. Their whole relationship had changed since she met Dante. “Dad,” she said slowly.
“Yes?” His eyes still looked out of the window.
“You have got past the guilt now, haven't you?”
His mouth moved slowly to the side and his eyes lowered to his hands. “No,” he quickly replied. “I don't ever think I will recover from what happened at our house that night. The look on your face was heartbreaking. You looked at me like I was a monster.”
“Oh Dad!” She cried, if he actually knew the truth. “No! No, I would never think of you as being a monster.” Tammy swallowed hard. She had to force the tears back. Her father looked sad, even his eyes had welled up a little. Tammy reached out for his hand and gave it a comforting squeeze.
“If it wasn't for you I wouldn't be doing this today. There are no words in the world. I can explain how happy and grateful I am to call you my Dad.”
***
“She's not coming!” Dante growled as he paced up and down, his hands locked in his hair. “She should have been here half an hour ago!”
“She will be here!” His father snapped. “It is every bride's prerogative to be late. Now, stay still... You are making me dizzy and your mother doesn't like watching you like this.”
Dante stopped abruptly and released his hands from his hair. 'Brides prerogative!' He would be having a long talk about keeping him waiting. He hated it, just as much as his throat burning. He didn't want this today. How was he going to get through ceremony is this mood? He took in a deep breath and a sharp pain ripped through his throat. She was here.
“Come on,” Jenna yelled, running out of the church. “The car has pulled up and you are meant to be in there!”
Dante closed his eyes and counted to ten to restore himself. If he could smell Tammy's blood now what was it going to be like next to her all day. His thirst was beginning to take over his whole body. This was not good.
Once again, his vampire side was in control of his body. Dante slowly made into the church and to the altar. He would just have to suck it up and pretending everything was fine. Which was no problem to him, as his whole life was a lie.
He quickly thought about his conversation with his father, he knew he would have to tell Tammy the truth. He had to explain the real curse and not the fairy tale he had told her. He suddenly felt like the character in the book Tammy had encouraged him to read.
A quote came to mind 'I want you to forgive me, and not to be indignant with me for not telling you before, as perhaps I ought to have done.'
The guilt quickly spread through his body, why was he thinking about this now? He would tell her tonight, maybe it was a little selfish to let the wedding go ahead, and he loved her too much to just allow her to walk away.
The wedding march began, the bridesmaids began their walk down the aisle and all of a sudden his thoughts flew away at the sight of Tammy dressed in a blue dress....
***
Tammy looked down at the thick gold band and then at her handsome husband sat beside her in the car to the wedding reception. She had finally done it, she was a hundred percent his. Even though everyone seemed shocked at the colour of her dress and she had to be prompted many times to repeat words. How she managed to struggle through her tears, she didn't know. It didn't help having indiscreet thoughts about Dante in his tux.
“Why blue?” Dante whispered. His arms draped around his wife and unable to stop himself from touching and kissing her.
A little smile came to Tammy's lips, not from the question, but how good Dante's kisses fell on her neck, cheek and the bare skin of her shoulders. She didn't want to go to a wedding reception. She wanted to head straight off and lock herself away with him.
“Well,” she began. Her fingers brushed the soft silk of her dress. “White made me look paler than I already was and I thought blue you approve of as it’s your favourite colour.”
“I never told you blue was my favourite colour.” Dante smiled.
“It's not?” Tammy's face fell and now she felt stupid. She felt Dante's arm gripped her tighter and she slowly looked up at his face. He was giving that smile again, the one that made his sculptured face light up and made Tammy shift in her seat.
“Of course it is,” he whispered as his lips met her neck again. “It pleases me that you're very observant, Mrs Renaldo.”
Just hearing him say those words sent her body into frenzy. Dante quickly moved away from Tammy and gripped hold of his throat. His dark eyes almost bulging out and his skin turning white.
“Dante?” Tammy gasped.
He held out a hand and began to shake his head. “I'll be fine, it should pass.” The pain in his stomach was beginning, was this thing ever going to get controlled?
“We have to deal with this” Tammy demanded, she opened her bridal bag and reached inside.
“What are you doing?” Dante hissed, as she pulled out a lancet and antiseptic wipe. “Why are you carrying those around?”
Tammy smiled. “What? It makes sense” repeating his words back to him.
“No!” Dante's eyes rapidly moving from Tammy to the driver. “Not here!”
Tammy rolled her eyes. “He isn't looking and won't notice” her voice now lowered slightly. “We have to do this. There is no way you'll be able to get through the rest of the day without someone noticing something is up.”
Dante narrowed his eyes. She was right. Damn it! He hated when she was right. Dante rested his head back on to his seat. Why him? Why couldn't the stupid curse just disappear? Was he ever going to enjoy anything again? No! Yelled the voice in his head.
Well, not until... Dante winced. He didn't want to think that far ahead, not yet anyway. Gees, he hadn't even told Tammy the full story. He could feel himself getting thirsty and stressed all at the same time. His fist clenching, his nostrils flaring, the smell of Tammy's blood filling the back of the car. The monster in him was being aroused.
“Now!” Dante growled.
Tammy quickly got to work with the lancet, the whole time Dante's eyes on the driver. He was beginning to panic. He heard the click and pulled Tammy on to his lap. One of his hands rested on the back on her head and the other gripped hold of her finger at his lips.
The warm, fulfilling liquid squirted into mouth. He closed his eyes with pleasure. He sucked with intense force... He had to get rid of this thirst fast.
Tammy watched as his face went back to normal colour, her free hand ran through his thick silky dark hair. He was too beautiful... She wondered what she had done to deserve such a handsome, honest, loyal man like him. She couldn't mess anything up. The thought of never having him sent a stabbing pain through her heart. No, she couldn't think like this on her wedding day. They were going to be together forever through sickness and health. Once again the tears built up in her eyes as she remembered the vows they had just exchanged.
Dante slowly opened his eyes and looked directly into Tammy's. “Did I hurt you?” His voice full of concern as he moved Tammy's finger from his mouth. She was crying.
“No” Tammy sobbed, burying her head into Dante's chest. “I was thinking...” Her voice trailed off, she couldn't say the words out loud. She wiped a tear away and quickly looked up. “You'll never leave me, will you?”
“Never,” he said with disgust. He placed his finger under Tammy's chin, tilting her head so his lips could land perfectly on to hers. “You are mine for life,” he exclaimed before kissing her sweetly.
***
She looked round at people smiling and waiting with anticipation for the blood sucker and his dumb black swan to arrive. Looks like they've done it! She didn't even want to be here, but she didn't have much choice. The smell of the dirty parasites in the church had made her stomach swirl and that kiss-- EW! The thought of one of them even touching her made bile creep up her throat.
There was one almighty cheer and she followed the noise. They had arrived, hands locked together. Her in that stupid blue dress and him lying to everyone about his murdering family. She wished she could expose them now. Tell the whole village why exactly they hid away and what their wives were actually for.
She could feel her power running through her body and had to quickly calm down. After all, if something happened, she would be confessing her little secret. She had to pretend – for now! Tonight, they would be going on their honeymoon and hopefully in 9 months time she and her sisters would get exactly what they wanted.
A little smile came to her lips and quickly fell. An uneasy feeling came to her when she realized her eyes were locked with Dante's. His expression hard and frozen. She began to panic... Did he know? No, there was no way he knew what she was. She quickly turned her back to him. With one glance over her shoulder he was gone.
Whew! It was her overreacting... He knew nothing... He would soon when they got what they wanted... Unless they got to her first.
***
“What a beautiful wedding” another person smiled as they walked past Tammy and Dante. Tammy smiled back and Dante just grunted. He had seen off since the minute they had arrived, he didn't eat much of his meal and seemed to be deep in thought throughout the speeches. He had been very brief-- “I would like to thank everyone for coming and I love my new wife.” Raised his glass and sat back down. It was hardly the declaration of love she had imagined.
Tammy's eyes moved over to the dance floor, everyone looked like they were having a good time. Her mother and father, Sir Renaldo and Claudia, Jenna and Nathan... Her Grandmother was sitting deep in conversation with Mrs Waters... But, her eyes scanned the whole room, darting everywhere....
Where was Rose?
She was filled with relief when she saw Rose chatting to someone at the bar. Everyone was having a ball, everyone except Tammy and it was her wedding.
Tammy sat back in her seat and let out a little depressed sigh. Which caught Dante’s attention, for the first time he actually looked at her?
“What is going on, Dante?”
“Nothing,” he lied. She watched his mouth twitch and he started to blink rapidly. He leaned over and briefly kissed her on the cheek. “I need to speak to my father,” his words were rushed at her. He jumped up and quickly walked over to Sir Renaldo.
Her eyes narrowed as she watched him head gesture to his father. Then both men disappeared out of the room.
Dante waited till there were safely outside before he spun round to face his father. “Someone was here,” he hissed. “I saw them,” he winced and pointed back to the reception. “In there, just standing and watching.” He couldn't stop his body moving, just the thought of them being in the same room as Tammy freaked him out.
At one point he had thought of putting Tammy over his shoulder and running off to their honeymoon. He stopped pacing and ran his hands over his face. Poor Tammy! The look she had just given him. It was her wedding day and he was refusing her to enjoy it. He just wanted her by his side in order to protect her.
“Who did you see?”
“Them!” He snarled his eyes fixated on the ground. Shit! He had left Tammy alone, what if they were still there. What if this was what they were waiting for? “I have to get back”. His father grabbed hold of his arm to stop him. “What are you doing?” He yelled his voice full of panic. “She is alone!”
“Look at me, son” Sir Renaldo's voice the complete opposite of Dante's. “This is what they do... They like to play head games with us, torment, but really,” he took in a deep breath. “They are making sure things are going to plan.”
“To plan?” Dante repeated. None of this made sense and it didn't help that Tammy spoke to this person. “We can't stay here, father” Dante cringed, why he hadn’t noticed this before. Maybe he hadn't paid much attention before. All this time anything could of happened to Tammy. Why was he always so consumed with himself?
“Dante, listen to me. You don't have to go anywhere. They can't do anything to us – not yet! This is your home, this is your wedding. Please, forget all this for now and enjoy your new life with your beautiful wife. Never allow this curse to make you miserable.”
Dante swallowed hard as he slowly processed his father's words. He would have to take his father's advice and he would have to live with it. He knew exactly what he had to do and he was not allowing anyone to destroy his happiness. He would deal with it, when the time came. I am not ending up like Angus he vowed.

Tammy still sat where Dante had left her. She was on the verge of breaking down in tears. This not how she thought she would spend her wedding reception. Alone, sad and missing out on everything. She wondered what was so important that Dante had to run out on her for. Maybe he was asking his father to get hold of solicitor and get this marriage ended quickly!
Tammy rested her hands over her face, what was wrong with him? Now was not the right time for him to start getting doubts. What would people say? She would be the laughing stock of the whole village.
“Hey” Tammy looked up at the voice, it was Diana Lewis. Tammy rolled her eyes. She didn't need this right now. She watched as Diana took the seat next to her and looked down at her hands. “I'm really sorry for being rude to you yesterday.”
“Hmm” Tammy tutted. She wasn't in the mood to hear Diana's apology. Maybe she should go in search for Dante, but the idea of rejection was too hard to face. She turned her attention to Diana... “How come you are here?”
“My father once did business with Sir Renaldo” her voice quiet. “They invited us...”
Tammy gave a little smile, that's how she knew Dante's name. “I see, what you did yesterday wasn't very nice, Diana.” Tammy was now on the moral high ground. “You implied something happened between you and Dante.”
“I know and I was appalled with myself” Tammy could sense Diana's awkwardness from the intense look she was giving her. After all, she deserved it. “Will you forgive me?”
“You're still here” Tammy's head whipped up at the sound of Dante's voice.
Everything about him had changed. He was smiling and holding out his hand. Tammy instantly forgot Diana was there and reached out. Dante graciously escorted Tammy to the dance floor and pulled her into him. Her mind was finally at ease.
“I'm sorry,”he whispered as they slowly swayed to the music. “I will make everything up to you, I promise.”
Tammy pulled away and stepped back a little. “What happened? What's with all the mood changes today?”
Dante's hand cupped Tammy's face. “I freaked out,” he gave an uneasy smile. He watched the terror on Tammy's face. “No! Not about us about something else.”
“Are you going to tell me?”
“Probably best not to right now” his thumb traced Tammy's bottom lip and he was now crippled with guilt. Once again, he had allowed himself to get lost and distracted.
He leaned down and pressed his lips against Tammy's. He pulled her against him, the kiss became passionate. His tongue gliding against Tammy's. He didn't care who was watching as his hands reached into her hair, keeping her head in place. He wanted her more than anything now, his arousal controlling his body. A few hours and he would finally process her body.
He pulled away; both panting and gasping for air. He watched Tammy's cheeks blush. She must have been thinking the same.
“Soon my dear Tammy” he winked. “Soon.”
***
She had no clue where they were going, that wasn't what bothered her. It had been the farewell to her grandmother. Tammy rested her head against the airplane seat. She should have been excited about her first ever ride on an airplane. However, her grandmother's words wouldn't leave her –“Be careful from here”
What did that even mean, be careful? What exactly happened on a honeymoon that she should be careful about? Tammy turned her head to Dante. He was still being very quite. Something was still going around in his head and Tammy was desperate to know what. Her wedding day hadn't been exactly what she had dreamed of. He had convinced her it was nothing to do with her, but something deep inside said he was lying.
She wished she knew their destination, she hated being in the dark What did her grandmother know that she didn't? Tammy closed her eyes tight and let out a loud sigh.
Dante turned his head and looked at his beautiful wife. He knew his behaviour was beginning to affect her. He knew tonight before anything he would explain, in spite of his father's pleading. He didn't want to keep Tammy in the dark like his own mother. Also, it didn't help that now they were being watched.
At least they were going to be far away from England for a few weeks. He needed alone time with his wife. This time would be just about them, no curse!
Tammy felt like she is floating on air, her body being lifted and a soft breeze blowing through her hair. Her eyes slowly opened and she looked up at Dante. His face lit up at the sight of her being awake. She had managed to sleep through the whole plane and car journey. The breeze disappeared and she realized she had been placed on a bed.
“Hey, sleepy head” Dante kissed her cheek. Tammy slowly looked around, she felt disorientated at the thought of not knowing where she was. Dante's arms wrapped round her and she pressed her cheek into his chest.
“Where are we?” She asked she was still feeling rather sleepy.
“A cruise ship” Dante fingertips slowly ran through Tammy's hair. “Two weeks of pure bliss.”
Tammy sat up and began to study what she now knew was a cabin. Although, it looked like a hotel room. Everything reminded her of her bedroom at Ashville manor; pine wood, cream walls, cream floor. “Why a cruise?”
“We don't have to lift a finger... My father has made sure help is with us 24/7.”
“Your father?” Tammy sounded a little surprise. “This is your father's?”
“Yes” Dante chuckled, sitting up and taking Tammy's hand in his. “My father owns the company. Well, my grandfather owned it first, just like his father did before.” Tammy's gave a little smile, another family tradition, she thought. “You see,” Dante continued. “My family once owned an import—export business. They invested all the money into these ships, but when a business,” he paused and Tammy watched as he gave an amused smile. “Shall we say...? Sunk? – Excuse the pun. Renaldo's Cruises was born.”
Tammy nodded. “I see...” Her stomach growled loudly. “Is there food on this ship?”
Dante jumped up and reached out for a phone sitting on the night stand. “Why don't you freshen up and I'll sort it all out. All your things are in the bathroom and dressing room.” He pointed to a door opposite the bed. “Go!” He demanded, Tammy climbed off the bed and hurried off.
She entered the bathroom and was once again taken back. The bathroom was huge, with a circled shape bath sat in the middle of the room. Mirrors everywhere, statues of Greek goddesses everywhere. She felt she had stepped back in time, except with a modern bath reminding her of the present. Just like Dante had said her wash bag was sitting next to the sink. She quickly washed her face and brushed her teeth. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed another door, immediately she opened it and stepped into another room.
Her jaw dropped open. The space was filled with clothes. One side was obviously Dante's and the other must have been hers. Tammy's fingers slowly drifted through all the dresses hanging up. She knew she hadn't packed any of these, then again, she knew she didn't have this much.
At the back of the room was a shelf stacked with shoes, every style you could think of. On the other side was a chest of draws, Tammy investigated each draw, which were filled with nightwear and underwear. Dante certainly had planned everything out, suddenly she felt like that parasite again.
She slumped down on floor and wrapped her arms around her knees. This was every little girls dream – a dressing up room. Tammy hadn't warmed to it. It made her feel stupid, what was wrong with her clothes? Now she was married was she suppose to dress a certain way? Her eyes wandered over the dresses again. They all looked expensive and not exactly what Tammy would wear at all.
“You found everything, I see” Dante stood in the doorway. Tammy just nodded and remained sitting on the floor. She watched how Dante gracefully walked around, taking off his shirt and pulling a T-shirt over his head. “You should change...”
Tammy shook her head. “No, thank you.” She looked down at her blue dress, the one she had brought for her first visit to Ashville manor. It now looked old and dated. It looked nothing like the dresses hanging up. Tammy didn't care. It was the only thing in this room that she had paid for. Was this what her marriage was going to be like? Was she going to feel like this forever?
“Tammy,” Dante sighed, sitting down next to her. “What is wrong?”
Tammy's hands flew in the air and circled around the room. “This!” She let out a deep breath. “This is just a little too much. I wasn't expecting this and besides, I brought my own things with me. So, this wasn't really necessary.”
“Oh my dear Tammy” Dante smiled, he reached out and pulled Tammy towards him. His cheek rested on the top of her head and inhaled her wonderful scent. The scent that had drawn him originally to her. “This was something my mother came up with. There are times we will need these clothes, there will be dinners and fancy parties.”
“Fancy parties on our honeymoon?” The idea made her flinch... Didn't he want to spend time alone with her? The fear flowed through her. She was beginning to wonder whether she had done the right thing in marrying him.
“Tammy,” Dante softly said, her eyes slowly moved in his direction. Once again the love he had for her was plastered all over his face. She had to stop doubting him. She had to stop doubting them. All the emotions from today had just gotten the better of her, plus she had no idea where she was.
“Come” Dante said, rising from his feet and holding out his hand. “Let's go and get you something to eat. Then we can explore the ship...” He gave a wicked wick. “We have our own private pool...” Some how Tammy felt something explode inside her and her cheeks flushed. Dante gave a little laugh and led her out of the dressing room.
They had shared their first meal of the honeymoon on their own private terrace on the ship. Tammy looked out to the sea, which was lit up in the moonlight. She still felt out of sorts, a cruise, a wardrobe filled with clothes and a fancy meal of champagne and sea-bass. Now she was living the high life. Money... Money... Money. She prayed that she wouldn't become like Jenna, not that she thought badly of her. She just didn't want anyone to think she'd married Dante to be rich and be taken away from her poor upbringing.
She swirled the last mouth full of champagne in the glass and took in a lung full of the fresh sea air. She felt Dante's arm wrap around her waist and they both stared out to sea.
“I really must tell you something,” Dante quietly said against her hair. He closed his eyes and gritted his teeth. How? How could he tell her now on their first night as Mr and Mrs Renaldo? However, he just didn't want to keep secrets. Maybe his father could live with telling his mother a fairy tale, but what if, and that was a big if, he and Tammy weren't lucky. Why was he even thinking about this tonight?
Tammy slowly turned round in his arms and looked up at him. He slowly opened his eyes and took in her tiny beautiful face. Her big eyes staring up at him. “Yes,” she hesitated.
“We should try out the pool,” he lied, he quickly moved away and began removing his clothes.
Tammy narrowed her eyes. “I should really go and get my swimsuit.”
He stopped in his tracks and kicked off his shoes. Tammy watched as an evil grin spread across his face. “We don't need to them” his
Hands quickly got to work on his trousers and they fell to his feet. Tammy gasped and turned the other way. “Oh Tammy!” Dante laughed. “We are married, a little skinny dipping in our private pool is actually allowed.”

Tammy downed the rest of her champagne and placed the glass down. She heard a splash and Dante was in the pool. Her heart was beating fast, she looked over her shoulder, and he was a wonderful sight. His strong body controlling the water, the moonlight lighting down on his porcelain skin. Why was she being such a prune about this? He was right, they were married. Tammy bit down on her lip as she thought about the possibilities of tonight. This was what she had been looking forward to for months.
“Turn around,” she yelled, Dante held up his hands and did what he was told. She reached for her zip with shaking hands. She was feeling every emotion possible-- Nervous, anticipation, excitement, fear and most of all love. She slid the dress down her body and stepped out of it. She removed her underwear and walked over to the pool. Her whole body trembling as she made her way down the stairs and into the warm water.
Dante turned to face his wife and swam over. She looked scared. His arms embraced her, her bare skin next to his felt amazing. “See,” he said softly. “That wasn't difficult.” His lips brushed against her bare shoulder. “You are beautiful and love you so much.”
Their eyes locked and Dante felt his heart skip a beat. In that second he knew he couldn't tell her, he wanted to protect her and make her happy. Telling her the full curse would lead to unnecessary panic and now he understood exactly why his mother didn't know. Tonight was the start of his whole new life with Tammy.
Chapter sixteen
Tammy woke up startled, had it all been a dream. Her eyes wandered over to Dante, who was still sleeping, the blanket draped over his bottom half and his perfect chest on full display. His dark hair curled around his perfect sculptured face.
No, last night had not been a dream. She wished she could lay for a little longer and watch him sleep. Her bladder had different thoughts. She crept out of the bed and grabbed a dressing gown from the back of the door as she entered the bathroom.
She dealt with her problem quickly and stopped to look at herself in the mirror – she didn't look any different, except her face was slightly flushed... Her lips still tingled and her body felt relaxed and indulged. She was a woman now... A married woman.
Once the pain had exploded, pleasure had taken over. She closed her eyes and remembered every tiny detail. His soft touch and how her own body had shivered beneath him. Nothing would ever compare to this and waiting had made the whole thing mind blowing.
Life was wonderful and she doubted that it couldn't get any better. She held her finger up. Just like Claudia she had that pin prick scar. She was now his life force and he was the one that took her to new heights.
She laughed to herself as she thought about the day she was forced to go live with them, she thought about their first stolen kiss, the day she learnt their secret and the day he dropped on one knee and proposed. Everything had led to this moment and whatever happened now her perfect, dark and dangerous husband would be with her.
She walked back into the bedroom and Dante was now sitting up in bed with his hands behind his head. He looked rather pleased with himself and he couldn't stop smiling. Tammy felt exactly the same. She quickly raced over and got in beside him.
“Hey,” he smiled.
“Hey,” she huskily replied. The pair just stared at each other, both replaying last night in their minds. Tammy could feel her cheeks turning bright red. Finally, her own curse was broken and it had been worth the wait. “So?”
Dante shifted towards Tammy and pulled her on his lap. “Why are you acting coy with me, Mrs Renaldo?” He placed a strand of her brown hair behind her ear. “Are we having regrets about last night?”
Tammy leaned back and her face fell. “How can you say that?” Her voice full or pain, she actually thought she was going to burst into tears. “Is that how you feel?”
Dante's hand clasped the sides of Tammy's face and he kissed her forehead. “No!” He firmly replied. “Last night was the most amazing night of my life,” he pulled her tight against his chest. “I have never felt this happy before. It's as if you are the final piece of my jigsaw and now I finally feel complete.”
Tammy's heart melted at his words, she most definitely felt the same. She had never expected to feel this good in her life. Okay, the money was still an issue and if she was truthful, it always would be. On the plus side, she knew she loved Dante body, heart and soul. Nothing could bring her down from this natural high. Life had never been this good.
***
The morning had been blissful, not moving from the bed. It was a shame they finally had to move, Dante could have spent the whole 14 days doing nothing else but Tammy. Never before had he even thought sex could be that good, being in love and waiting had a certainly made the difference. Nothing could ever compare to Tammy.
Dante escorted Tammy to the Ship's 'fine' dinning hall, tonight everyone on the ship was welcoming the heir of the company. A massive banquet was being served, with champagne and a jazz band. Dante chuckled to himself, he had a funny idea his mother had been behind it. Although, his father insured him his mother never interfered with business-- Yeah, who was he trying to kid!
After a lot of debating Tammy finally decided to wear a ball-gown from the dressing room. He didn't understand why she hated it so much. Surely every woman dreamed of having their personal dressing up room with no expense. Then again, Tammy wasn't like other women, she was one of a kind. A one of a kind that was perfectly suited to him.
The room looked like something out of the Titanic, never ever in her life had she seen anything this grand. Not that she had actually paid much attention to the film, but by imagination this is how she imagined it.
Tammy stopped in her tracks. “Dante” she sighed, her eyes, whipping over all the people. Not one person did they know, they were all holiday makers. Great, now who is getting snobby! Tammy cringed, she felt bad even thinking that – 'The Jenna attitude was wearing off'. No, it wasn't that, her eyes glazed over Dante's form. He looked perfect in his tux. She just didn't want to share him. The whole day had been lush, laid up with him. Her skin still tingled, she now chuckled- Was she becoming an addict? Well, she was only addicted to Dante.
“You're blushing” he cooed, his eyes flicking across the room. “Believe me. I don't want to be here either.” His arm whipped round Tammy's waist, slowly their faces met. He could tell Tammy was panting already. Slowly a smile curled his lips. “Please... Stop!” Their lips only inches apart, Dante lifted a finger and traced Tammy's cheek, he could smell her in-luring breath, the heat from her body, the scent of her blood flowing through her veins.
“Kiss me,” she begged, her eyelashes fluttering, her chest soaking in every breath. She watched him raise an eyebrow and look away. Then slowly turned back towards her, that side smile, those eyes dark with need. Before he even answered, her lips landed on his. Their tongues exploring each others mouths. Her fingers locked in his hair. His finger digging into her waist. She wanted to explode. Somehow he had managed to release an animal in her.
She backed away slowly, not only from her thought, but also from her behaviour. She didn't know what had gotten into her. Tonight she was all desire and no thought.
“Control you,” he smirked.
“Well” boomed a loud voice, the pair turned to a man dressed in a navy suit and a sailor’s hat walking in their direction. “There is no doubting whose boy you are” the man chuckled, holding out his hand for Dante to shake. “Welcome abroad, I'm the Captain of this mighty fine lady.”
“Please to meet you” he smiled as he took his hand away. “I'm Dante Renaldo and this,” his arm wrapping around Tammy's shoulder. “Is my wife Tammy.”
“Welcome, Tammy. Would you like to meet the rest of your crew?”
Dante turned to look at Tammy. “Go,” she smiled, waving her hand. “I'm pretty sure I can find a way to amuse myself.” At that moment a waiter walked past carrying a tray of champagne. “See.”
Dante's voice lowered. “Remember to eat and don't leave the party.” He quickly followed the Captain leaving Tammy looking around the massive banquet hall. The place was packed with people wearing dresses just like hers. At least she didn't feel out of place here, she slowly began to walk around.
Her first thing to do was grab a glass of Champagne. The bubbles popped on her tongue and it tasted divine. Okay, maybe having money wasn't as bad as she thought. She knew she couldn't live her whole life like this. Once in a while would be okay to flash the cash.
The band sounded wonderful, she took a seat next to them and began to listen. They were playing 'witch craft'. She remembered her father would listen to it and sing along. She wondered what everyone was doing back home. She had only been gone a day and was already missing her Gran. Then those words came into her head, 'be careful'. She still didn't understand exactly what that meant.
“Hi,” said a voice, stopping Tammy's thought. Tammy's eyes looked up at the woman standing in front of her. “May I?” She pointed to the chair empty next to Tammy's, Tammy just nodded and she sat down. “Not really a big fan of these things,” she said, flicking her long blonde hair.
Tammy was left silent just by the woman's beauty. She was absolutely perfect; blue eyes, blonde hair and perfect tanned skin. Her dress was a classic white 1920's style. She showed a little cleavage but not too much. Tammy instantly felt like the ugly duckling now.
“My name is Laura” the woman smiled politely. “And you would be...”
“Tammy” she coughed, finally finding her voice.
“Hello Tammy... Have you been on a cruise ship before?”
“No, I am actually on my honeymoon” her cheeks slightly flushed as she thought about last night.
“Well, congratulations. Who is he?”
“Dante Renaldo” Tammy said very proudly as Laura's jaw dropped wide. Tammy narrowed her eyes at Laura's reaction. Once again, she felt very awkward. Of course people would be surprised. Tammy was a poor pale girl and Dante's family owned all of this.
“Tammy!” Said an abrupt voice. Tammy looked up and now Dante was standing over her, his face like thunder as he looked from one woman to the next. “Come!” He grabbed her by the elbow pulling her from the seat. He quickly marched her out of the hall.
Tammy was now surprised herself, why had he reacted like that. She sunk her heels in and stopped, Dante flying round to face her. “What was that about?”
“I don't want you talking to strangers.”
“I’m not a child, if you hadn't noticed.” She yanked her arm out of Dante's grip. “I'm going back to the cabin, as it seems I somehow manage to embarrass you.” She began walking. Knowing full well Dante was following behind. She took in a deep breath, she would wait till it was safe to cry, and she didn't want to make a scene. Her heart felt heavy, did he think the same as she thought about herself. Was he now showing his true colours?
As soon as she entered the cabin she collapsed on to the bed and burst out in tears. He had completely humiliated her in front of that woman. She was stupid to think she would ever fit into Dante's world. She would always be seen as the poor girl he had somehow rescued.
The words he once said to her played in her head. 'Can't you just be grateful that my family have taken you away from your miserable life?' Did he still think like that? Had he not changed at all?
She felt the bed move as he took his place next to her side. “Tammy,” he sighed, reaching out for her, but she moved, she didn't want him touching her.
“Go away, Dante” she sobbed. “I can't bear to me near you” her words being chocked out by her own tears.
“Tammy,” his voice soft, he felt rotten for showing her up like that. He had just panicked. He saw her talking to a stranger and got paranoid. He knew how she felt about herself and money. He could only imagine what terrible things she was thinking. Once again, he had messed up just like he did on their wedding day. She didn't bother to look at him and Dante could feel his temper rising. This was really not the time to lose control.
“Tammy” he called out louder. “You need to look and listen to me.”
Tammy sat up and wiped the tears off her face. She was pretty sure nothing he could say would stop her from hurting. She knew what she was and where she came from. Of course, he wouldn't want her mixing with the others. The marriage didn't mean anything. It couldn't change you, just your name. After all, just like Shakespeare said 'what is in a name?” Tammy was beginning to feel mortified, after everything her Grandmother had said to her, she had failed.
“This is not about you” Dante exhaled, his hand running through his hair. This was it, he had to tell her. There was no way he could carry on knowing how she felt. He placed his hands over his face, the brutal truth was coming, and everything she knew about the cruse was a lie...
A made up fairy tale lie... He was a vampire because that was what he was. They were coming for him and her... They were watching and waiting.... For their daughter if they were ever to have one. As far as the others were concerned, it was payback time.
Tammy turned her nose up at him. “Then what is this about?”
He slowly removed his hands from his face and his eyes looked over at Tammy. Her little face stained with her own tears. “The curse,” he hissed. Tammy's face was now blank and he had her full attention. “You see,” He paused and swallowed hard, a lump now in his own throat. “I lied to you, Tammy. The men in my family have and always will be vampires. We just adapted our ways to feed during time.” She hadn't moved, she was still listening.
“Your grandfather the witch hunting?” Her voice weak, she was stunned. Was nothing he told her true? Had she been pushed into this under false pretences? No, he loved her, didn't he?
“He was a witch-hunter and he killed witches. That's true. We have always been at war with them. They found out what we were and they tried to expose our secret. He killed their leader, tortured her. He targeted a whole coven, however, one managed to get away.”
“Why are you changing the story now, Dante?”
“I told you the same story my father told my mother.”
“She has been lied to too?”
“Only because my father thought she didn't need to tell her the truth. They never had a girl, so he didn't tell her.”
“Tell her what?”
“The others will try and take our first born if it's a girl. It will be the ultimate revenge...”Dante rubbed his brow. “You see, if we have a girl then that's it no more Vampires. Finished. Over. But what they want more is to change one of us into them.”
Tammy jumped off the bed. “That's crazy... That's kidnapping!”
“No! My grandfather promised them when they spared his life. They have been watching and waiting ever since.” Dante sighed, his hands were shaking. “Also, Angus didn't commit suicide, he was murdered.” Dante shrugged his shoulders. “I have been thinking and I have come up with my own theory. I don't think he knew the baby was stillborn. He must have confronted her-- the one who was waiting to take the baby. He was going to kill her, but she got there first.”
“Is everything you told me a lie?” Tammy cried the world she thought she knew was gone. Everything felt surreal and she couldn't get a grip on anything. She fell to the floor, her head was dizzy and she thought she was going to be sick.
“I had to” Dante cried, dropping down to Tammy's side. “I had to protect you. These 'others' are everywhere, Tammy. They are waiting to get what they want and they will do anything to get it.”
Tammy's head flipped up and her eyes widen. It all clicked, she now understood what her grandmother's words meant. Be careful was a reference to these others, Dante was talking about. “She knows,” she whispered. “My grandmother knows and she has already warned me.”
“Are you sure?” Dante looked surprised, his hand reached out for Tammy’s. This time she didn't move out of his grip.
“She told me to be careful and now I know she meant them. We need to stop this, Dante.”
“I know,” he pulled Tammy into him and took in her scent. “Please don't hate me, Tammy. I was only trying to protect you.”
“I know,” she sighed, finally resting her head on Dante's chest. “But how are we going to do this?”
***
That night Tammy couldn't sleep, she kept having dreams about people snatching children. The man in the portrait being killed, her grandmother screaming out in pain. She felt she had been trapped in a horror movie. Although, this was her life and she didn't know how to deal with getting to grips with it.
She watched as the sun slowly rose, glimpses of light sparkling across the never ending blue sea. Even this far away from Ashville she no longer felt safe. The thought that someone or some people were watching her made her skin crawl.
She had hated lying to her family, keeping them in the dark about her life. With this added on, she felt sick and scared. Scared that she couldn't avoid it, scared that one day she may end up like her Gran. She pulled her dressing gown around her tighter and blinked back tears. Was Dante's theory true? Did her grandmother know any of this? Another secret she was going to have to keep hidden away. What was once her fairy tale and had quickly turned into a horrid reality.
She knew it was selfish, but a part of her wished he had taken his father's words and left her in the dark. Claudia once said it sounded mystical to her, but it was the complete opposite. It was mean and unnecessary. The whole idea of someone wanting to take her child was terrifying and made her head spin.
“You're up” Dante yawned, as he sat down on the seat next to Tammy. He looked at her beautiful face, dark circles under her eyes proved she hadn't slept at all. He had felt her tossing and turning all night. Once he was sure he heard her quietly cry.
“I couldn't get much sleep,” she weakly smiled. “You?” Her eyes still staring out to sea, some honeymoon this was turning out to be. In fact the last few days had seemed like hell. Dante was off during the wedding and last night's events didn't seem to help.
“Tammy,” Dante sighed, as he ran his hands through his hair. “We need to stop dwelling on this fucking curse shit! We need to start enjoying our honeymoon and each other.”
“How?” She snapped. “One day we will have children.” She took in a deep breath, she could feel the tears building up, and her bottom lip trembled. “What if...” She sobbed. “What if I lose you like Gran lost Angus?” That was it; she couldn't hold it in any longer.
Dante dropped to his knees in front of Tammy and grabbed hold of her hands. “Don't think like that. I am not going anywhere. I love you Tammy and no one is going to take me away from you.”
Tammy looked down into Dante's dark eyes. She really wanted to believe him, who was he kidding. He didn't know any more than she did. He was right though, they did need to start enjoying their honeymoon. Right now, they were safe. Weren't they? So many questions were running through her head and she didn't dare ask them. For once in her life she didn't know want to know the answers.
Tammy leaned forward and placed a kiss on Dante's forehead. “You're right. Let's just enjoy our honeymoon.” She could tell her voice wasn't very convincing. She had to do something to take her mind off what would be her living hell.

Chapter Seventeen
It wouldn't be long now till they returned and a slow build of excitement flowed through her veins. A smile hit her lips when she thought about her and her fellow sisters finally getting what they were owed.
The coven had waited for such a long time, all their hopes were on this dirty blood sucker. Then she remembered what happened at the wedding. For weeks now she had been thinking and replaying the moment in her head. Had he worked out what she was? Would he tell Tammy?
She couldn't fail, she was the chosen one. She ran her hands through her hair and looked back down to her breakfast. Eating was impossible now she was reliving the scene when Dante's eyes locked with hers. Her phone rang, making her jump and her thoughts dissolve. She eagerly answered, before she could say anything that cold voice began to speak.
“I have just been informed they have returned to Ashville. Maybe you should have gone and visit, make sure everything is going to plan.”
“I should,” she smiled. “I have something to confess. At the wedding I think the bloodsucker realized who I was...”
There was a long silence and she could hear an annoyed sigh. “Did he say anything?”
“No,” she quickly replied. “It was just the look he gave me.”
“You can tell a lot from a look, Jenna” she laughed. “I remember how scared the other one was when I plunged my knife into his stinking flesh.” She cackled loudly and Jenna felt the hairs on her neck stand up.
She admired this woman a lot, the leader of the coven. She had done since she was a child. Jenna always sensed she was full of magical powers. She was really happy when her mother finally explained everything five years ago. It was just a shame she had to turn against her best friend. She had tried to talk Tammy out of it. She cringed when she remembered seeing the tiny pin pricks on Tammy's finger. The parasite had started feeding off her best friend.
“Okay, Glandis” Jenna swallowed hard. “I'll go and see them and make sure everything is going to plan.” She quickly put the phone down. Her hands were shaking and her breathing heavy. She couldn't let this become personal. It really didn't have anything to do with Tammy, she had just been unfortunate.
They had to pay up for killing her sisters, for all the pain they had caused just to hide their dirty little secret. Jenna was better than Dante, nothing about him was superior, and in fact he was nothing. Jenna felt her hatred rise through her body. The bile crept up her throat as she remembered saying he was handsome.
Jenna closed her eyes and felt her heart break in two. Poor Tammy, secretly she prayed that if they did have a baby it would be a boy. Then another side of her wished Tammy had never agreed to go to that party. She wished she had been there at the time to put her off. However, things were the way they were and she couldn't change it.
***
Tammy stepped out of the car and looked at Ashville manor. It had quickly turned to winter, the sky dull and grey. Everything was frozen and cold. She already missed the sun and the sea. The rest of her honeymoon had been perfect. They had gone swimming with dolphins, sipped champagne, and made love under the stars. Everything had seemed dreamlike, but now with her feet on the solid Ashville ground, reality had kicked in.
She watched as her suitcases were placed next to the front door and it took all her strength to walk up the steps. This was once her fairy tale castle, now she saw it as a murder scene. She had persuaded herself not to over think everything, now she was here, well her mind was racing.
She felt Dante come beside her and grip hold of her hand. “It's okay,” he reassured her, giving her hand a little squeeze. He knew exactly what was going on in her head, the nights they stayed up talking endlessly about what life would be like when they returned. At one point Tammy had even suggested never coming back. He couldn't do that, especially knowing how much she loved her grandmother.
Also, how long would it be before they were tracked down? There was no way to avoid the others. Also, he didn't want those hags controlling his life. Ashville was their home and they were not being pushed out.
“The tradition is that I carry you over the threshold” Tammy looked up at Dante's perfect face that wicked glint calming her immediately. She caught her breath as her eyes focused on his lips. Those magic lips that made her skin come alive. No, it wasn't going to be bad with him by her side. After all this would have been his life if she was here or not. She couldn't even think about not being with him.
“If you want” she smiled. “After all, I do remember you liking to be traditional.”
Dante's head fell back and he gave a little laugh. “If you wish, Mrs Renaldo.” Without warning, he scooped Tammy up in his arms and carried her into the house. Tammy gave a little squeal of delight, she loved the way his strong arms felt around her. She rested her head against his chest and took in his intoxicating scent. “Life is going to be good, you know.”
“I know,” she sighed, her arms clinging around his neck. “I guess I am just being stupid.”
“About what?”
“People watching me, waiting and praying that I get pregnant.” Dante stopped and lowered Tammy to the ground, his dark eyes looking nowhere else but here. “It's strange and I really don't deal with being certain of attention well.”
His arms locked around her waist and he swooped down to her eye-level. “You're always the centre of attention to me,” he huskily said. Tammy felt herself get giddy, sometimes his voice did things to her body and she found it hard to concentrate. “Come, no doubt my mother is dying to see us.” He softly placed a kiss on Tammy's forehead. “Smile,” he quickly said, standing up straight.
A smile emerged on Tammy's face as Dante led her further into the house. Claudia was going to bombard them with never ending questions. However, guilt quickly jumped in. Claudia was now another on her list of people she was lying too. Surely, one day she would have to know the truth. After all Tammy did want Dante's children. There could be a small chance she would have a daughter.
Life had changed very quickly, just a few months she had vowed never to get married. Here she was now thinking of having children. Her thoughts were cut short when they entered the kitchen and she saw Jenna sat at the table.
Dante froze when he saw who his father was having tea with. She had a nerve walking in here. He looked over at Tammy, who had a big smile on her face. His heart dropped, her best friend was his family's enemy. That he would keep to himself, for now.
“Jenna,” Tammy sang, as she raced towards her best friend. “What are you doing here?”
Jenna's eyes flickered from Dante to Tammy. “A little birdie told me you were back and I just had to come to see you.” She slowly rose from the table. “Why don't we go somewhere private?”
Dante wanted to scream no! Pick Tammy up and lock her away. Anything to keep her away from Jenna. Why had it taken him so long to realize who and what Jenna was?
Like that would have made any difference. These girls had grown up with one another and if he tried to stop them hanging out with each other he would look like the bad guy.
Tammy turned to Dante. “Do you mind?”
Dante reluctantly shook his head and watched the pair leave the room. He waited until he heard the living room door close. “Why did you let her in?” He growled, his fists clenching and his nostrils flaring.
His father looked completely relaxed as if nothing was wrong. As if having tea with a witch was just an everyday occurrence.
“She is Tammy's friend, Dante” he shrugged his shoulders. “Why shouldn't I?”
“She is one of them,” he growled again. He wanted to break something. Jenna's neck would be a good choice. He could feel his anger growing and taking over. His father had crossed a line, how could he sit there as if everything was all right. A witch, their enemy was in their home. “Are you crazy?”
Sir Renaldo looked down at his mug and then back at his son. “No, I am not crazy or stupid. I know who she is, I have always known. We can't go around making a scene, Dante. Both our wives don't know the actual curse.”
“Tammy does” Dante snapped. His fathers face turned from relax to shock in ten seconds. Dante tried to calm himself down, but the thought of Tammy being alone with her was an uneasy thing to deal with.
“Why?” His father yelled, slamming his fist into the table. “Why did you tell her, Dante? That poor girl didn't need to know.” He jumped up from the table and over to Dante. “I can't imagine the fear she must be living through.” Sir Renaldo pointed an index finger at Dante. “You! Always going against everything I tell you. Why? Just once I wish you would take my advice.”
“Advice?” Dante laughed. “To lie with my wife? She knows what I am, she has accepted her role. Why would I want to hide anything from her?” Dante rubbed his brow. He hated fighting with his father. Sometimes he just didn't seem to get what Dante was trying to say. It was if he was stuck in his ways and would never listen to reason. He took in a deep breath, another attempt to calm himself down. The last thing he wanted was his mother to hear any of this.
“Please,” he tried to make his voice light, however, a hint of anger managed to escape. “I do listen to everything you tell me. I just couldn't live with the thought of lying to her. Arguing isn't going to help get rid of the witch sitting in our living room.” That was a sentence he'd never thought he would say.
“We can't get rid” his father hissed. “Can't you see that this might give us some advantage?”
“Yeah” Dante rolled his eyes. “Makes life a whole lot easier,” he sarcastically replied.
“In a way, yes. We have the witch right under our nose. We know what she will know as it will be Tammy telling her. Be friendly to Jenna, this may be our chance to get this finished. She may be our loop hole.”
***
Tammy flopped on to the sofa. She was beginning to feel a whole lot better now. Especially having her best friend to greet her. All her anxiety and fear had somehow vanished and she wanted to know all the gossip she'd missed out on.
“Where did you go?” Jenna asked, the second she too flopped on the sofa. She had to try really hard to hide her disgust from the reek of the place. She would try and hold her breath, but turning blue wouldn't be a good look for her.
“We went on a cruise of the Mediterranean” Tammy smiled as she remembered. “We went swimming with dolphins, had cocktails with the captain. Oh Jenna, you should have seen this wardrobe, I had filled with dresses. You would have been in heaven.”
Jenna wrinkled up her nose, two weeks stuck out at sea with a vampire was a living hell. Even if he was rich and bought her clothes. Anyway, she wasn't here to find out the ins and out's of their honeymoon. She wanted to know only one thing, last time she's asked it was very clear Tammy was still a virgin.
“So,” Jenna raised an eyebrow. “Did you?” Tammy felt her cheeks flush slightly. Of course Jenna would only want to know about the bedroom stuff. She couldn't manage to say the words, so she nodded, while looking very coy. “Good, huh?”
“Of course” Tammy blushed a little more.
“When do you think you will have children?” Jenna blurted out. She was fed up with going round the houses. She watched as Tammy's face fell, okay, that wasn't the reaction she had expected. Then again, Tammy wasn't one for kids. Something deep in Jenna gave a sigh of relief. The living room door opened and both girls turned to face Sir Renaldo.
“I am sorry, Jenna” he politely smiled. “I was wondering if I could have a moment of Tammy’s time.”
“Sure” Jenna stood up with Tammy following. She turned to face her best friend. “I am glad you are happy, Tammy.” Taking Tammy off guard Jenna hugged her. “Be careful,” she whispered in her ear, she pulled away and headed for the door.
Tammy's eyes followed her friend that was a weird thing to say. Tammy shook her head. She was obviously just worried about her. With Jenna gone, she focused all her attention on Sir Renaldo. “I am all yours,” she smiled. A little intrigued with why he actually wanted to talk to her. Half the time they never said more than two words. Maybe Dante had informed him that she knew, she swallowed hard. Yes, that had to be it! Great, more horror to listen to.
He closed the door behind him and headed over to a bookshelf. Tammy remained where she was. She watched as he picked out a book, walked back over and sat down next to her.  
“This book contains all our family's history. Every birth and major event has been written down right from the start.” He shifted slightly and opened the book. Tammy could hear the spine creek. “I have never allowed my wife to read this, in fact. She is unaware of its existence.”
“Then why are you showing me?”
“Dante has told me he has informed you about everything... In spite of what I told him. I think you would benefit from reading this.” he quickly flicked through the pages, and then stopped. His hand now lay flat on the page. “This entry is the day it all began, our secret was about to be exposed by the others and our ancestors had to act quickly. Back then people were very against anyone who seemed different. We had to go to war and protect ourselves, which meant others had to die.” He tilted his head to the side. “We had to make a stand, anyone who knew who we were had to die. We did go to many extreme lengths, innocent people were killed and the others reacted.”
“Okay,” Tammy slowly said, it was time to ask her questions. If he was willing to explain, then one vital question had to be asked. The one that had been circling her head for weeks. “Why would they want my daughter-- if I have one?”
“Has Dante told you about the story about the children going missing?”
Tammy thought for a second, how could she forget that. “Isn't that all made up?”
“No, that did happen. That witch lured him and his brothers there. She had planned to kill them, but they begged and begged. She knew the history of our family and she knew what we craved for more. If a girl is born, the vampire bloodline will end. However, if we hand her over...” Sir Renaldo stopped and took in a deep breath. “Then we have to continue living the way we are.”
“Surely by now it should all be forgotten...?”
“It can't,” he cut her off. “They will not rest till we receive our punishment for killing their kind. They want to watch us suffer, they want what we need and they want to take it away from us.” A small smile hit his lips. “I guess in away after everything you could call it a curse.”
***
“Why did you come?” hissed a voice, Jenna stopped in her tracks. She slowly turned on heel and looked at Dante stood at the front door. His face cold and hard, his eyebrows almost meeting.
“I don't need to answer to you,” she snapped, turning back round and racing to her car. Within a second Dante was stood in front of her. “Leave me alone, bloodsucker!”
“Is that the best insult you can think of?” He smirked, he was blocking her from moving anywhere and his stink was hurting her nose. “Stay away...”
“I can't! And you know that...”
“Tammy is your friend, why would you do this to her?”
“Excuse me?” Jenna looked mortified. “You think I am getting any pleasure from this? I wish Tammy wasn't married to you. I tried to talk her out of being with you, freak! This isn't about Tammy, is it? You owe us and you will pay up.”
“Pathetic!” He snarled. It was taking all his restraint not to throw her across the driveway. She looked so smug, how could she proud of what she was, what she was intending to do one day. “Get out of my face, hag!”

A little smile sprung to her lips, her first ever insult. “Gladly, parasite.” Dante stepped away and walked back into his house. That smile slowly fell, why wasn't she getting any enjoyment from this. It was about time these dirty filthy vampires paid up. Then it hit her like a ton of bricks, the only one in all of this who would suffer was Tammy.
Jenna quickly got in her car, she had to get away from this place, and it was starting to affect her head. She had told herself time and time again this wouldn't get personal. This was what she had been born to do. She was the one everyone was relying on.
Jenna could feel her eyes filling to the brim with tears. She had to somehow forget about her friendship with Tammy, she had to be stronger. How? How could she turn her back on Tammy? That's was something she didn't know.
***
Tammy sat on the floor in her new home. The book lay open in front of her. She was in two minds about reading it. Did she want to learn all the ugly history that came with this family she had married into? For a brief second she thought about running back to the safety of her own family home. Her love for Dante was too strong and she needed him just as much as oxygen.
Tammy pulled her knees up to her chest, this wasn't fair... She heard the cottage door open then close.
Dante kneeled down beside her. “What is that?” He pointed to the book and pulled it towards him.” Don’t tell me... My father?” He laughed. “Typical! Likes the facts to be known.” He pushed the book away. He no longer wanted to think about witches or curses. He turned to face Tammy, she looked tired and pale. What Tammy had suggested on their honeymoon was beginning to look appealing. He shifted towards Tammy and pulled her into him. “I'm sorry,” he whispered into her hair.
“It isn't your fault” Tammy closed her eyes and just enjoyed being in Dante's safe arms. “It's just becoming real.”
Chapter Eighteen
The last eight months had been a mixture of emotions for Tammy. She had experience joy, excitement, fear, lost, love and unbearable grief. Life was no longer as easy as it was before, no longer could she lose herself in a book and shut the world out.
A hand moved down to her swollen and ever growing stomach. Her eyes shut tightly close, she hated her condition. She felt invaded and used, nothing about it made her happy. She hated the feel of that thing growing inside her. She remembered the day she knew something was wrong and how the first person she had confided in had given her hope....
She stepped into her parent’s house and up the stairs. She felt rough and badly, needed to see her grandmother. She stepped into the bedroom and her Gran was propped up in bed watching television. Tammy's heart dropped, her grandmother looked frail, her cheeks had become hollow, her hair was thinner and her skin was beginning to look grey.
Her Gran's eyes slowly turned to face her and little smile sprung to Tammy's lips. In spite of everything ageing was doing to her Gran, she still that sparkle in her eyes. Tammy walked over and perched on the bed next to her grandmother.
“Something is wrong child?” Her grandmother croaked. Her voice not much more than a whisper. Tammy nodded and once again felt the lump in her throat. “Will you tell me?”
“I...I” Tammy shook her head, to announce it out loud scared her to death. To admit what she was. To accept what was happening to her was her worst nightmare. “I can't do it,” she sobbed.
“Ah, I see” Tammy's eyes turned to her grandmother. “Have you told your husband?”
“No!” Tammy snapped. They were barely speaking to each other the last few days. Mainly because she couldn't bear to see or hear his reaction. He would go crazy and blame it all on her. He didn't feel he was ready to take on his family's curse. Somehow, she had managed to get pregnant. Even though she had been careful and remembered to take her pill every day. He was going to hate her and she couldn't deal with that.
Dante was her first and only love. He had shown her the world. In fact, he had been her only focus, the only person she could connect to. Now this, the thought of losing him was devastating. She would rather die than live without him. Her perfect little world was beginning to crumble around her and she didn't have the strength to fight.
“Oh Gran,” She placed her hand over her mouth and tried to swallow back her cries. “He will hate me....”
“Hate you? Why?”
“I just know... I just know” she froze, the words she was about to say were unspeakable. She watched as her grandmother nodded. Thank god she knew what Tammy was trying to say. “I can’t go through this. I can't grow this thing inside and give it up...”
“Child! They have told you...” Tammy nodded, while she wiped the only tear falling from her cheek. “You have nothing to fear. Find the book... Read the book and you will have nothing to fear.” Tammy gripped hold of her Gran's hand. “You're the one Tammy, the one that will end all of this.”
Tammy opened her eyes and was once again, she was crying. It felt like she had been crying for weeks. Her eyes were sore and her nose stung.
“My sweet Tammy” Dante sang as he lay down behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. He hated seeing her like this. She was barely talking, not eating and never coming out of this bedroom. His own hand rested on her bump, “You really should eat.”
“Not hungry,” she sobbed... The last two weeks had been dreamlike, a horrible dream she couldn't snap herself out of. Every time she thought she had moved on, something else would remind her and the whole process would start again. A never ending circle of heart wrenching grief....
It had been just an ordinary day. Dante had dropped Tammy off at work in spite of his constant nagging Tammy wasn't listening. She couldn't sit around at home feeling like a balloon, she had to keep herself busy. It kept her mind off things and away from that book she had read endlessly for months. There wasn't nothing in there, no mentions of how to overcome anything.
Tammy walked into the bookshop and Mrs Waters was sitting at the counter just like every morning eating her breakfast; yoghurt and a banana. How she wasn't bored of it Tammy had no idea. Mrs Water's looked up and smiled.
“Tammy, you should be at home resting.”
Tammy rolled her eyes and placed her bag down on the counter. “No, what I should be doing is working.” Tammy pulled out a chair and sat down. Her ankles seemed to be swelling up everyday. Surely, she couldn't get any fatter, she thought as her hands rested perfectly on her bump.
“Not long now” Mrs Water's smiled, taking another bite of her banana... The words sent a chill down Tammy's spine. “I am surprised Dante hasn't locked you away. He didn't look very happy yesterday.”
Tammy rolled her eyes. She couldn't believe Dante had made a scene like that yesterday, yelling at her in the street like a child and dragging her off. It was the stress starting to get to him, and the guilt from feeding off her, well, that didn't help either.
The honest truth was Tammy no longer felt safe at Ashville Manor or her own home. They had moved into the cottage the night they had arrived home from their honeymoon. The lack of sleep wasn’t helping her much either. She was swore this thing inside of her was going to kick it's self out.
Sadness swept over her... It wasn't a thing and she felt bad at calling it that. It was a baby, but there was no point in bonding or naming or preparing anything.
“Tammy!” Yelled a voice, her eyes looked over at the door. He was breathing heavily, his jaw tight and her eyes wide. Tammy hoped he wasn't going to start again. They had only just got over the argument over breakfast.
Tammy held her hands up, what was the point. She might as well give into him. At least she wouldn't have to deal with the glares and the tutting. “Fine!” She snapped. “You get your own way.” She grabbed her bag and pushed herself off the chair. Surely, she wouldn't get any bigger! Everything was beginning to become a physical challenge.
“Tammy” he said softly, walking towards her. “This has nothing to do with you working.” His arms reached out for her face, he gently rubbed his thumb down her cheek. His eyes narrowed and his mouth turned down at the sides. “It is your grandmother.....”
Tammy clutched her chest, every time she thought about that day it seemed as if she unable to breath. How was she going to face life now without the one person who seemed to understand? Once again, she couldn't hold back her tears. Exactly what was the point of life now?
“Please” Dante pleaded, he hated this. Nothing would entice her out of this grief. “Talk to me. Would you let me in please?”
Tammy slowly turned to face him a swallowed hard. Her beautiful husband was still by her side. That was something to be grateful for, wasn't it? At least he was never going to go away. The second the thought crossed her mind, she cringed. Although, fate might not be on their side.
“We're damned, Dante” she hissed. “The clock keeps ticking and nothing is going to prevent what is about to happen.” Her hand graced over her growing stomach. “Let's go,” she slowly sat up, wiping her tears away. “Let's flee and never come back. I can live with always looking over my shoulder. Please, let us all stay together.”
Dante let out a sigh. They had already had this conversation. It was tempting, very tempting. How many times he had thought about it. It would be a waste of time, no matter how hard they tried to get away... They would come and no doubt it would end in blood. He reached out and softly touched Tammy's tear stained face. Nothing was going to stop what was about to happen.
“You need to eat,” he forcefully said. “And you will, Tammy. Then afterwards we are going for a walk. You need to get out of this room and get fresh air.” He slowly rose from the bed. “I am not going to argue, just do this for me, please.” He turned on his heel and marched out of the room.
Dante made his way to the kitchen and began to get to task. He could feel himself beginning to get ill and restless. Half way through he couldn't continue, his fist hit the kitchen side and he screamed in frustration. Life wasn't far-- well, he wasn't. He had everything he thought he didn't want.
He heard faint footsteps behind him and sniffed back his tears. He couldn't show his emotions any more, he had to be the strong one. He had to hold everything together until this nightmare was over. One sign of weakness showed those hags they had won and he would rather die than give them that satisfaction.
“Dante,” his father called out. “Allow me,” he said as he came behind Dante and removed the knife out of his son's hand. Dante reluctantly loosened his grip and allowed his father to take over.
Dante moved out the way and slumped over the kitchen side. His face in his hands and his fingers gripping hold of his hair. The pain in his throat didn't bother him that much. The pain in his heart however was throbbing.
“How is she?” His father asked. His voice warm and soothing.
Dante shook his head, this wasn't happening? This was all a bad dream... He took in a deep breath of air and slid to the floor, cradling himself. Maybe now would be okay, Dante gasped and finally the tears were falling down his cheek. The guilt was eating him alive, why had he chosen Tammy? There was a room full of people, but yet she was the only one that had allured him in.
“Dante” his father was now by his side. “You need to talk to me.”
“About what?” He choked on his own tears. “I have done nothing but destroy her. I have scared her and now she is willing to give away our children.” Dante paused, the devastation hit him hard. “I would rather die than let this carry on, father.”
“I feared this” his father said, Dante slowly looked into his father's eyes. “You are more like my brother than I thought. They cannot win, son. There is away, but only Tammy can find this way. You picked the perfect one. Deep within herself, she knows what to do. Edwina has probably been telling and she hasn't realized. She knows...”
“Knows what?” Dante was now in a state of confusion. How would Tammy know? He didn't even know. His head was spinning and he wished this would go away. Maybe this was a nightmare and wasn't actually happening. Yeah, who was he trying to kid.
“Tell me what?” He hissed his jaw tight and his eyes blazing with anger. The anger wasn't directed at his father, but at himself for allowing his wife to get pregnant. For his stupidity and lack of thought or care.
His father didn’t have a chance to explain as out the blue an ear hurting, blood curdling scream echoed through the Ashville Manor walls. Dante jumped up with fear, his first thought was Tammy. He raced out of the kitchen, up the stairs and slammed into the bedroom.
What Dante was looking at was something out of a horror film; he closed his eyes and took in a deep breath. His throat tightened, his nostrils flared and his focus seemed to be on the blood and not Tammy. His feral instinct was beginning to take over his body, the screaming was blocked out, him being pushed out of the way, even his father shaking him and yelling in his face. All Dante wanted was to taste Tammy's blood.
Tammy looked up at Claudia, then back at Dante frozen in the doorway. The pain in her stomach exploded through her body. Why was he stood there like a statue? What was happening to her?
There was so much blood... Somehow panic took over the pain and a maternal hand rested on her growing stomach. Her baby? Her Baby? What was happening to her baby? Tammy screamed again, her tears stinging her eyes.
“Claudia” she sobbed, her bloody hands gripping hold of Claudia's arms, as she tried to remain standing. “What is going on? You have to save my baby... You have to save my baby...” Her words began to slur from her mouth, her head began to spin and then everything went black.
***
Jenna sat in her car and just stared at the hospital entrance. It had been days now since Tammy had been rushed in and she hadn't heard one word about the baby. She hated being left in the dark. The grand one had been calling and was beginning to get impatient.
Jenna rested her head on the steering wheel and began to inhale deep breaths. She had prayed every night that nothing had happened to Tammy or the baby. She wouldn't know what to do without her best friend. She wouldn't know how to comfort her if something happened to the baby.
She quickly sat up and brushed away her tears. Guilt was now invading her body and her hands were shaking. She looked over at the hospital entrance, what was she doing? For months upon months she had been planning on kidnapping her best friend's baby. For what? Herself or Glandis?
Instantly she began to feel used. Anger now replaced guilt. No! She wasn't going to do it, not after the way Glandis had spoken to her today....
“Jenna!” She hissed her name. “I believe you are lying to me...”
Jenna sucked in a breath. “No, I have told you. Tammy was rushed into hospital and no one has heard anything.”
“I swear to god, Jenna!” She yelled, she picked up a vase and threw it against the wall. It made Jenna jump and it smashed into a thousand pieces. Jenna watched as her leader's eyes grew wide and darted crazily from side to side. Slowly she moved into Jenna's personal space. “I WANT THAT BABY! SHE IS MINE!!!” She screamed as she placed a hand around Jenna's neck and pushed her back into the wall.
She could feel the tears building up in her eyes and she found it hard to breath. The woman she had once admired was now crushing her windpipe. Jenna felt her eyes bulging out of her sockets. “Please,” she begged. “I will do it.”
“You will go to the hospital now and find out everything,” she demanded, Jenna just nodded and in that moment her throat was free. She took in a large lung full of air and brought her own hand up to her throat. “Please don't upset me again” her voice was sweet this time and she disappeared out of the room.
Once again Jenna slammed her fist on the steering wheel. There was no way a woman like her was fit to bring up a child. This was just about stupid revenge, stupid revenge that should of ended centuries.
Well, after what happened, she wasn't having any of it. Jenna picked up her bag and got out of her car. She was going to find Dante and help them all escape Ashville. She no longer cared, she would let Glandis take her life if it meant Tammy, Dante and the baby were safe.
***
Tammy felt the warmth of the sun against her skin and looked up into the bright blue sky. She could hear her daughter's sweet laugh close to her ear and the comfort of her husband's lips as he placed a kiss on her cheek. They were altogether on such a beautiful day in the Ashville countryside. She slowly sat up and in the distance noticed three people walking towards her.
She brought her hand across her forehead to stop the sunshine blurring her vision. Three people, two tall on either side of a smaller person. She slowly stood and as the three strangers got closer she realized who they were. Her grandmother beamed at her, her eyes sparkled, her skin was clear and wrinkle free. Her dark brown hair was full of body and she no longer looked thin and ill.
Tammy's eyes slowly moved to the man on her Gran's right, it was her grandfather also beaming at her. He too looked full of life and in good health. Who was the other man? Tammy raced towards them, she was eager to see who the mystery stranger was.
Tammy froze as it hit her. It was Angus...with the same shoulder length black hair, sculptured nose and cheeks. His eyes a striking green that caught your attention immediately, dressed in the ruby coloured jacket from the portrait. Once again Tammy's eyes couldn't leave him. He was beautiful just like her husband. Tammy spun round, Dante and her baby had vanished. The blue sky was turning grey and a chill ran through her.
“Child,” Her Grandmother's soft voice made her face them again. “Child” she said again, this time she was close to Tammy. Her grandmother's hands reached out for her and Tammy fell into her arms. It felt good holding her again, the familiar scent and the soft silk voice. She could feel the tears building up in her eyes. “We have come to talk to you... To help you.”
“Help me?” Tammy pulled away and looked puzzled. “Why do I need help?”
“The curse, Tammy” it was now Angus talking, his voice smooth and velvety. Tammy gasped as he was now next to her side. Tammy wanted to reach out and touch him. There was something about him that mesmerized her. “I've been watching” a little husky laugh escaped his lips. “You have been wonderful to my nephew. You have never judged him. You and him remind me of my own youth.”
A thousand questions filled Tammy's mind, she couldn't decide which to ask first. “Dante believes you were murdered?” The words left her lips. “He believes you were protecting your baby and had no idea she had died.”
“His theory,” he nodded and gave a wonderful smile. “He is correct... My killer was Glandis, the leader of the others. Also, the one who began the curse over a hundred years ago.”
“That's impossible...” Tammy replied. “No one can live that long...”
“The night she lured the brothers to the house and their blood mixed.”
“Wait!” Tammy held her hand up and tilted her head to the side. “Dante said that was just a story.
“Over time things change, facts get forgotten. What he told you, the story you listened to and took great interest in is true. When their blood mixed something happened to her, she grew powerful. But power doesn't always last long...”
“There is a way she can be defeated, Child,” her grandmother smiled. “Do you remember me telling you you're the one to end this?” Tammy nodded, how could she forget something like that. “Angus tell her, please.”
Angus nodded and gripped hold of Tammy's shoulder, all his attention focusing on her. “Now listen,” he demanded. “There is a dagger... The dagger she used on the curse and what she tried to use to kill herself.”
Tammy tried to think back to the story Dante had told her. She slowly started to remember. The witch in the story plunged the dagger through her heart and died. Wait, Angus just said tried, so she didn't die. How could she if she murdered Angus? Her head was beginning to ache with confusion.
“How did you get this dagger?” Another question popping out of her mouth.
“Dante's right, you do have a thirst for information,” he smiled. “The brothers fled home that night. When they returned the next day to destroy the evidence, her body had just vanished but the dagger remained.”
Tammy placed her hand on her forehead and bit down on her lip. “What exactly do I have to do?”
“You have to reverse the curse, Tammy. You need to mix mortal blood with hers using the same dagger. Exactly the same way she did.” He reached out for Tammy's hand and with a fingertip drew an invisible line down her palm and copied on his own hand. His hand then locked with Tammy's hand. “See very simple,” he smiled again. “Can you do that?” Tammy nodded, speechless. “Good, they will come soon for your daughter and you must be ready.”
“The dagger is taped to the back of Angus's portrait” her grandmother said. “I placed it there the day I left Ashville manor.” Once again she reached out to Tammy and hugged her hard. “I believe you, Tammy. Remember all of this. You're the one to break this curse.” Her lips pressed a kiss on Tammy's cheek. “Remember!”
The three held hands and began to walk away in the direction they had come from. “No!” Tammy cried out. “No... Don't go... Don't leave me.” She tried to run after them, but her legs didn't move. She had lost her grandmother again and the grief once again took over. “No!” She screamed.
***
Dante's head rested on the side of Tammy's hospital bed, his hand still remained locked with Tammy's. He looked up at her, she looked tiny but at least she was still here. The tubes from the machines looked scary and the beeping noise was giving him a headache. His jaw clenched tight as he remembered how useless he had been in the whole thing.
He almost lost her and the thought was still haunting him, even though she was safe now and on the mend. He just wished she would wake up. For three days now she had remained peacefully asleep.
“She's getting colour in her cheeks now, Dante” his eyes looked up at Tammy's mother sitting on the other side of the bed. She had remained at the hospital just like Dante. She stood up and leaned over to brush some of Tammy's hair away from her face. “I would love to know what she is dreaming about...”
“No!” Tammy screamed as her eyes opened wide. The light was too bright and she had to close them again. “No,” she cried.
“Tammy?” She heard Dante call out. Tammy's eyes opened again, both her mother's and Dante's faces were staring down at her. She was no longer in the countryside, but lying down in some room. She tried to think why she was here. Her hand slowly slid down to her stomach, it now felt empty.
The terror filled her face and her eyes darted to Dante. Was she too late? Her baby, where was her baby. “Dante?” Her face was pitiful and weak. “Where is...”
“Shh” Dante calmly replied, his fingertips running through her hair. “Maybe you should go and tell a nurse, she has woken up.”
“Of course” her mum replied, she leaned over and gave Tammy a quick kiss before leaving.
Now there were alone, it was safe for Tammy to ask her question. “Have they taken the baby?”
Dante narrowed his eyes and took in a deep breath. “No,” he simply answered. “Our baby is safe. She is in the special-care unit and will be for some time.” He sat down on the edge of the bed and his eyes didn't leave his wife. His hand gripped hers and he pulled it up to his lips. “She is beautiful, just like you” he whispered before placing a single kiss on her soft skin.
“At last,” said a voice, Tammy turned her head as a plump woman was entering the room quickly followed by her mother. She started looking at the machines. “You gave everyone a scare, young lady,” she had a full blown northern accent. “Everything looks good... We can rid of these.” She started to switch the machines off. “Once you have refreshed, maybe daddy could take you to Baby” she smiled.
Tammy and Dante's eyes locked. “Yes please,” she replied.
***
Jenna dashed into the maternity ward and was glad to see Dante grabbing some coffee from the machine. He turned round and when he saw Jenna he froze.
“What are you doing here?” He snarled, taking long strides. His fist clenched around the coffee cup, he stopped when he felt the hot coffee spill over. His eyes glared at Jenna, who did she think she was turning up here?
Jenna looked down at her feet. What was she accepting a welcome comity, she knew Dante hated her and why. “I... err... I” her voice was small and weak. She felt uncomfortable under Dante's glare. This was new. She had never been scared of him before. Then, before she had never willingly taking his side. Although, he didn't know that, did he?
“Spit it out, hag” his voice could have easily turned water into ice. His dark eyebrows almost meeting in the middle and his eyes narrowed.
How could Tammy live with that? Jenna thought. She quickly dismissed the idea. She had to learn to somehow not to hate him. Everything she had been told had to be erased, she had to learn to accept him and be his friend.
“How is Tammy?”
“None of your business” Dante quickly replied back. “Don't even ask about my baby?”
“Is the baby okay?”
Dante's mouth twisted with anger and he leaned a little closer towards Jenna. “I am not telling you anything. Go back to your pack of bitches and tell them you know nothing.” He turned to walk off.
“Wait!” Jenna yelled after him. “Please, give me a second... Dante!”
Slowly Dante turned round and just shrugged his shoulders. Jenna took a deep breath and hurried to stand in front of him. She took in a deep breath. Once she had said this out loud she wouldn't be able to take it back. After this she had crossed into the enemy's line.
Her hand slowly moved up to her throat, it still ached from the bruising. She no longer wanted to be like Glandis, she was a cold hearted murderer. Her eyes looked back at Dante. He was actually waiting patiently for her to speak.
Jenna swallowed hard, she had to do this and she had to do this now. “I've come to tell you I am on your side,” she gave a faint smile and her voice was friendly. “I'll do whatever it takes to help you and Tammy run away with the baby.”
Dante gave a little chuckle and shook his head. Did she think he was that stupid to believe her? At the end of the day she was nothing but one of them. He wouldn't even spit on her if she was on fire.

“Go away,” he coldly said.
“I'll tell Tammy everything she needs to know, Dante. This isn't a trick, I meant everything I said. I don't want to hurt my friend, I couldn't dream of taking her baby away.” She let out a little air from her mouth and ran a hand through her hair. He wasn't buying any of this and of course he wouldn't. “Give me a chance, please,” she begged.
No flicker of emotion crossed his face. Jenna waited, but yet he didn't say anything. He just stood still with that look across his face. He was making her feel small. She squared her shoulders in aim to gain some height. He was intimidating her and he knew it.
“Please,” she whispered. “Trust me.”
Dante sighed; he couldn't believe he'd actually fallen for it. There was something in her words that cried out that she was telling the truth. He rolled his eyes and tilted his head towards Tammy's room. He was going to keep a good eye on Jenna and if at any time he thought she was lying, she would know about.
Dante turned on his heel and walked back to Tammy with Jenna following behind. He opened the door and strolled in. “Hey, you have a visitor.”
Jenna stepped in and was surprised to see Tammy sat up in bed smiling. She looked around the room. There was no baby in sight. Surely Tammy should have been distressed, but the smile on her face was massive and there was no hint of sadness anywhere in the room.
“Jenna” Tammy beamed. “You came,” she held out her arms and immediately Jenna raced over and hugged her best friend. “I am really glad you are here.”
Jenna pulled away. She began to feel awkward as she knew Dante was glaring at her from the other side of the room. She straightened out her shoulders and some how a smile appeared on her face. “Where is your baby, Tammy?”
“Being very well looked after” Tammy said, she pulled something out of her dressing gown pocket and placed it Jenna's hands. “We are calling her Hope.”
Jenna's eyes swept across the picture of the tiny baby, she had Tammy's pale skin, green eyes but everything about her was Dante. Jenna let out a sigh of relief, their baby was perfect. Just looking at this picture reinforced Jenna she was doing the right thing. This perfect little creature deserved to stay with her parents. It was unfair that Hope should pay the price for something she had no idea about.
“She is beautiful” Jenna could feel her eyes welling up. “She is really beautiful, Tammy. You are going to make a wonderful mother.” She quickly leaned over and kissed Tammy on the cheek.

Chapter Nineteen
Dante carried Tammy in the house and up the stairs towards her room. Tammy had finally been allowed to leave hospital, however Hope would have to stay a little longer. Tammy had been pleased about that, at least they wouldn't be coming any time to take her away.
She looked up at her strong, handsome husband. She hadn't dared tell him about her dream. Although, she thought it was too real to be a dream. She had spoken to them face to face, even now when she closed her eyes, she could see Angus's face and hear his words. She was desperate to find out if they held any truth or if she was just plain crazy.
Dante placed her down onto the soft cream carpet. She had to admit it felt great to be home. Even though they did have to stay in Ashville Manor and not their cottage. Tammy looked around. It looked exactly the same as when she first arrived over a year ago.
“Go and lay down” Dante softly whispered in her ear.
Tammy spun round slowly to face him, her hands resting on his forearms. “I need to read that book, Dante”.
Dante's lips twitched with disapproval, she had just got home from the hospital “No” he hissed. “You need to rest.” He walked over to the bed and pulled back the covers. “You had a very traumatic and serious operation. You need to sleep and get stronger from when Hope comes home.”
Tammy folded her arms. He was doing that thing again. A little smile came to her lips when she realized she wouldn't have him any other way. She made her way over to the bed and crawled in.
Dante raised an eyebrow. “Good,” he nodded.
“Now can I have the book?” She her best girly smile and watched the cold look evaporate from Dante's face. “Please,” she added softly.
A little laugh escaped Dante's lips. How could he ever refuse her when she looked at him like that? Dante grabbed the book off the dresser and sat back down beside her.
Tammy started to quickly flick through the pages as Dante looked at her fascinated. She was deep in thought, her teeth biting down on her bottom lip. Dante wondered what it was she was looking for. He knew she had read the book a million times.
He rested his head against the head broad and sighed. There was never any escape from this curse, it followed them to the hospital and was here waiting when they got home. With Hope in the hospital, he could relax a little and focus on Tammy. However, this was just the calm before the storm.
The thought that he could end up like Angus sent fear through his body. His eyes looked over at Tammy's perfect tiny face, her big green eyes scanning the pages. The idea of her living without him was a horrid thought.
He suddenly found himself relying on Jenna to keep him and girls together forever. How life had changed quickly... He was now a father and husband and he still had to endure the horror of being a vampire.
“Oh my god” Tammy squealed in delight. Dante watched as her fingertips traced an outline of a picture. Her eye swept over and locked with his. She looked like she had just won the lottery, what was good about a picture in that book? Dante hated it, the thought that his ancestors had spent time writing down their discomfort made his skin crawl.
“Do you know what this is, Dante?” Tammy huskily said her eyes full of delight. If she had any strength in her, she would be jumping up and down on the bed in excitement. How could she of missed this? Although there were no words. Just a beautiful drawing of a dagger. She wasn't mad or crazy... Angus's words were true. She had seen and spoken to her Gran.
For the first time in weeks she felt at peace knowing her grandmother was happy. She could feel the tears springing up in her eyes and she took in a deep breath.
“What is it?” Dante asked as he wiped a single tear from Tammy's cheek. “You can tell me...”
Tammy opened her mouth and then quickly closed it. She would show him and see for sure if the words were true. “Take me to Angus's portrait and I will show you.”
Dante carried her and placed her in front of Angus's portrait. He watched as her eyes lit up with amusement. He wished she would share and not leave him in the dark. In fact, she had been acting weirdly since waking up. Dante had been ready to console and comfort her, but she had remained cheerful. She was the complete opposite before Hope was born. Her own words ' they were doomed'. What was with the change of attitude?
“Tammy” Dante said, his voice shaking in places. “What is going on? You're actually starting to freak me out?”
Tammy gave a little laugh, she was freaking Dante out? There was a first for everything. Would he believe if she told him? She looked over at her beautiful husband; his mouth tight and his dark eyes urging her on. Maybe he would, after all this was much to do with him as much as her. She grabbed hold of his hand and held it tightly, they were in this together.
“Tammy!” Dante demanded, now becoming very awkward in her silence and staring. “Now, please!”
“Do you believe in afterlife?” Dante's eyebrows rose and looked bewildered. Tammy smiled and bit down on her lip, it was a very rare moment to find Dante speechless. She had only managed it once, well twice if you counted now. “I do” her eyes turned back to the portrait as if she was locked in a magical spell.
Dante shook his head, she was crazy. He reached out and placed his hand on her forehead. “You are a little hot... Do you think you have a fever?”
She pushed Dante's hands away and frowned. “No!” She stepped a little closer to the portrait, once again Angus had somehow managed to hypnotize her. “They came to me,” she finally said in a breathless whisper.
Dante was now behind her, his hand resting on her shoulders. His own eyes fixated on his uncle. “What do you mean?”
“I saw them, Dante. Just like you stand there now,” a smile twitched on her lips and for the first time she felt superior. The strength ran through her body. “Angus told me... I am the one.”
Dante suddenly remembered what his father said. “Tell me now,” he growled. His arms released Tammy's shoulder and his dark eyes stared down at her. “Please,” he whimpered at that the woman he loved.
Tammy shook her head and pressed her fingertips against her temples. “You don't know about the dagger?” Tammy hesitated. She didn't feel very superior now. Dante looked confused, his mouth tight and his eyes wide.
Tammy hated that look. She knew he liked to be in control. He liked everything his way and now she had one over him. Her eyes snapped back at the portrait. What if it was a dream? What if there was no end? What if someone was actually going to take her baby?
For some unknown reason Tammy felt her c-section wound stab with pain and she fell onto the floor. She let out a little murmur of pain, no she couldn't be wrong. After all her Gran said she was the one. The same image haunted her.....
They had followed the coffin into the church or what Tammy thought was a church. The hymns or the readings didn't make Tammy feel any better. She knew that within minutes her Gran was going to be pushed into those flames. Her body burned.
Tammy took in a deep breath and listened as her mother cried in front. It wasn't fair... Her grandmother was never going to meet Tammy's baby. Although, Tammy didn't know how long she would actually get with her child. What had happened? Why had her grandmother been taken away without any warning? She had seemed fine the day before she passed.
Now her own tears began to fall and she found herself lost in her own grief. Dante's strong arms wrapped round her and she rested her tearful face on his shoulder and wept quietly. Why was life unfair?
She looked through her wet eyelashes. The coffin filled with her grandmother peaceful body began to move through some doors. It was time to say her finally good-bye. It slowly disappeared and red curtains shut out what was happening....
“Tammy?” Dante was now by her side. “What is this all about?” Her behaviour was beginning to upset him. His hands reached out and cupped her face. Her big green eyes staring up at him filled to the brim with tears. This was heart wrenching not knowing what was going on in her mind. Then it clicked what she had said before she had fallen onto the ground.’ They came to see her?'
Who? Dante quickly moved his hands away from her face and pushed himself back on his feet. Jenna was tricking him. How? How did they get into the hospital room without him noticing?
He began to pace in front of Tammy, his fingers locked in his dark hair. He finally stopped and slowly looked down at Tammy. “When did these monsters see you?” His voice full of anger and slightly growling.
“Monsters?” Tammy barked back. “No monsters came to visit me! Angus and Gran came to me in my sleep. Angus told me what has to be done to end this.”
Dante let out a deep sigh of relief, for a split second he had been tempted to find Jenna and destroy the witch. Then realization set in, she believed someone had visited her. The stress was seriously affecting her more than he'd assumed.
Once again, he dropped to his knees and cupped her face. “My dear Tammy” he breathed. “It was just a dream. It probably didn't mean anything.”
Her little face screwed up and her lips pouted. “I knew you would say that” she snapped as she pushed his hands away. “You think I’m crazy, admit it!”
Dante sat back on his heels. “No, I just know you've had a lot to deal with at the moment.” his hands rubbed his face. He was beginning to feel drained. Life was certainly being a challenge at the moment and the worse was yet to come. Dante took in a sharp breath, maybe he should just amuse her to avoid her getting worked up. He thought things were weird, but this won hands down.
“Okay,” he calmly said, his eyes focusing back on Tammy. The quicker they got this over with the quicker they could sleep. “Tell me.”
Tammy stared at him, his face was pale and he looked sleepy. She wondered if he ever slept at the hospital. She reached out for his hand, how she loved how her hands felt in his. She loved him unconditionally, it that split second she felt her heart swell. “The story you told me on our honeymoon is wrong, Dante.”
A little smile appeared on his lips. “No,” he chuckled. “That was the true story, Tammy. The one I told you when you came here was...”
“The right one. This is a curse, Dante. I can end this, only I can end this.” Dante wasn't blinking now and Tammy knew he thought she had gone completely mad. She tilted her head to the side and rolled her eyes. “Check behind Angus's portrait. You will find the dagger...” she watched his lips twitch. “The same dagger that started everything.”
Dante opened his mouth to say something, but he couldn't find any words to describe how he felt. He reluctantly stood up and walked over to the portrait. “Behind it you say?” Tammy nodded very enthusiastically, just humour, her voice in his head said.
He looked it up and down. He couldn't believe he was actually going to see if anything was behind it. He shrugged his shoulders and just got on with it.
His hand moved behind, there was nothing. He reached a little higher and felt something beneath his hand. His heart began to race and he ripped it off from where it had been taped.
Tammy watched with wonder as something was placed in front of her on the floor. She looked up at Dante, who was still just staring at the mysterious item wrapped in brown paper.
“It was real,” she smiled.
Dante's dark eyes flipped up at her and he was giving that frown. He swallowed hard. Unaware of what he should do next. Things had just taken a massive twisted turn.
He had to swallow his pride and admit that this thing was much more magical than he had first assumed. He had to remain rational and in control. If for one second he allowed to let his guard down, this could all get out of hand. Especially after what Jenna had confessed at the hospital.
“It doesn't mean it is what you think,” he growled, he could already feel his temper rising. “Look,” he ran his hands through his hair. “I'll speak to my father.”
Tammy finally stood up from the floor and shook her head. He still didn't believe her even with the evidence right under his nose. She gave him one glance, turned on her heel and left the room. She didn't want to be near him at the moment. Just like all the other times she was made to feel useless. Now she was a major factor in this curse and it had given her purpose.
She made her way down the hall, she was sure she could hear faint yelling coming from the living room. She followed the yelling and listened against the door. She could make out it was Sir Renaldo arguing with a female, but it wasn't Claudia. Tammy pressed her ear against the door and swore she heard the word Jenna.
“What are you doing?” Dante growled behind her, making her jump up away from the door. The pain stabbed through her stomach and she hissed “Ow” through gritted teeth. “Come on,” he smiled while sweeping her up in his arms. “You really need to rest.”
Dante had tucked Tammy into bed and didn't leave until he had placed a single kiss on her forehead. Now she was alone, she stared up at the fancy painted ceiling. The word 'Jenna' kept echoing around her head, why would Sir Renaldo argue with Jenna? Dante hadn't mentioned anything about their discovery. Why did she feel she was in the dark about something?
Tammy turned on her side and let out a depressed sigh. She never thought this was how she would spend her first moments of motherhood. Then again, she never wanted to be a mother and now she was, well it was going to be ripped away from her. Then Angus's words replayed in her head. 'I believe in you, Tammy. Remember all of this. You're the one to break this curse.'
Why didn't she feel that confident now? It was a ridiculous to think a weak person like Tammy could end centuries of torment and hell. Maybe it had all been a dream and just by coincidence, they had just stumbled across something.
Tammy closed her eyes and tried to think about something else. She had to get stronger for hope and Dante. They were her main focus in life and she had to be well for them. She would think about this again when it was time to and not before.

Chapter Twenty
Dante stepped into the living room, his father was on one side and Jenna sat crying on the other side. His eyes drifted from one to the other. “What was the yelling about?” He stepped in and closed the door behind.
Sir Renaldo whipped his head round to his son. “Jenna has informed me she has decided to swap sides and you know about it!”
“Yes” Dante looked down at his feet. He heard his father come to stand in front of him. “I'm sorry,” he said weakly.
“You are sorry!” His father yelled. “Are you really that stupid, Dante? I said to allow her to carry on being a Tammy's friend, but not this.” Sir Renaldo rubbed his forehead in anger. “You cannot trust her,” he yelled at the top of his voice.
A little laugh escaped from Dante's lips. “You think I don't know that?” His eyes sprung to Jenna, still sat there wiping away her tears as if she was the victim. “It's her” Dante yelled back, his finger pointing at Jenna. “She just came to the hospital begging and I gave in. I know Tammy loves you, but if she knew what you are...”
“I know” Jenna cried as she stood up. “Do you know how much I believed I was the one to end this? I was the one to finally get what belonged to them... My mother... My grandmother... They told me I was the one.” Her hand fell onto her face and she started shaking her head. “Okay,” her hand fell to her sides and suddenly strength rang through her. Jenna's eyes locked with Dante's. “If you think I am such a monster” Her legs started moving before she decided. “Plunge that dagger in my heart.” She was now chest to chest with Dante, their eyes locked while Sir Renaldo looked on at what was occurring.
Dante coughed and took a step back. “What dagger?” He tried to keep his voice light but whatever he had found behind Angus's portrait was burning in his back pocket. “Seriously” he looked at his father. “She is crazy.”
“Don't make me look stupid, Dante” Jenna tutted as she folded her arms over her chest. “I know you have the dagger in your back pocket. I can sense its presence.”
“Would someone please explain what is going?” Sir Renaldo growled. Dante could see he was on the edge of losing it. He removed the wrapped up item from his pocket, his eyes not once leaving Jenna; who was now tapping her foot as she waited for Dante to hurry up and get it over with.
Dante walked towards his father and placed it in his hands. “I and Tammy found it behind Uncle Angus's portrait. I have no idea what it is for.” A smile danced upon his lips. “If you speak to Tammy I am pretty sure she will inform you on any details.”
“Oh please,” Jenna snapped. “I'll tell you exactly what it is” her attention now on Sir Renaldo who was staring down at what was in his hands with curiosity. “It is the 'de puissance mystique'. We believe it holds all of Glandis powers.” Both the men were staring at her with blank expressions. “Do I really have to explain” Jenna said as she rolled her eyes. “Please tell me you know your own Curse story?”
“Of course” Dante snapped. “Get on with what this thing is?”
“It s the dagger that Glandis used to change your ancestors into vampires. The theory is that for some weird reason when the blood was mixed the dagger held Glandis's life within. She tried to kill herself with it but nothing happened.”
“You are expecting me to believe that your leader is in immortal?” Dante laughed, now he had heard everything.
“No” Jenna forcefully replied. “She is not immortal, she can die, but only one person can do this.” Her voice started to shake and she began to breathe heavily.
“Who?” Sir Renaldo asked. “Who can stop all of this?”
Jenna looked from Dante to Sir Renaldo. “Tammy....”
Dante started pacing up and down. “How can Tammy do it?” The thought was crazy, there was no way Tammy could kill someone. She was so fragile and innocent. “This is just getting beyond a joke.”
Sir Renaldo placed a hand on Dante's shoulder and he finally stopped moving. “No, this is no joke.” his eyes turned back to look at Jenna. “What does Tammy have to do?”
“Tammy knows what to do” Dante blurted out. “God, I need something to drink.” He strolled over to his father’s drinks cabinet and poured himself a large Whiskey. The stress of this whole situation was starting up his thirst. He knew the Whiskey wasn't going to help satisfy his needs, but it was at least going to help with the nerves he was beginning to feel.
“How does Tammy know, Dante?” Jenna said. “If you two didn't know, then hell did Tammy find out.”
Dante could feel them both staring in his direction. “This is really turning into some freak show” he muttered before downing the rest of the Whiskey.
“Well?” Jenna glared at him, urging him to carry on with what he had started.
Dante placed the glass down and tilted his head to the side. “They came to her, she said while she was unconscious. Angus explained everything to her by the sounds of it.”
“You’re telling me everything Tammy knows is from a dream?” Jenna began to march towards the door. “I need to speak to her.”
“No!” Dante yelled after her.
“Why?” Jenna yelled back, stopping in the doorway. “We could end all of this tonight, Dante. Then me, you, Hope and Tammy will be free. Free to live a normal life without any of this shit.”
“She does have a point” Sir Renaldo said in agreement.
Dante slowly turned to look at his father, now he was even more confused. “Just a few minutes ago you said we couldn't trust her.” His throat was beginning to burn and he was on the brink of finally losing it.
“I’ve changed my mind” Sir Renaldo's voice remained calm and in control. “Jenna didn't have to tell us any of this and now I know I can see what Jenna is seeing.”
“She will freak out” Dante yelled. “You will have to tell her who you actually are Jenna. How is she going to deal with that?”
“I will live with it,” Jenna quietly replied. “Let's just end it tonight, please.”
She was now begging and Dante could see it in her face. He turned his back on them while he thought about it. End it tonight, was it even possible. The fact it all laid in Tammy's hands was freighting, she had been through so much in the last year. Was she even in the right frame of mind?
Dante spun round and his mind was now made up. “How?”
A little smile appeared on Jenna's lips. “I will speak to Tammy and we will come up with the plan.”
Chapter Twenty one
“Tammy” a voice called out to her. Tammy slowly opened her eyes and Jenna was smiling down at her. “I need to speak to you.”
Tammy sat up and rubbed her eyes. “About what?” She yawned, her eyes still half closed. “Are you okay? Has something happened?”
“I want to talk to you about this” Jenna laid the item down on the bed and Tammy find herself suddenly wide awake. “Do you know what this is?”
Tammy just nodded, unable to speak. Her eyes looked back at Jenna confused. What was Jenna doing with the dagger? Then her eyes moved around the room, both Dante and Sir Renaldo were looking down at her. Something chilled inside of her and the hairs stood up at the back of her neck.
“Jenna?” Her voice almost a whisper. “Tell me.”
Jenna nodded and sat up straight. “I have been keeping something a secret from you. Please understand I have always remained your friend and I didn't want to do anything to hurt you. I have known you all my life and I love you like a sister.”
“Will you please tell me” Tammy begged as she reached out for her friend's hand.
Jenna looked up at Dante and he just nodded at her unspoken question. Jenna took in a deep breath, she was about to lose one of the most important people in her life. Her eyes wandered back to Tammy's tiny doll's face, her big eyes staring at her and her mouth turned down at the corners.
“I’m a witch, Tammy. In fact, I was the watcher... It was my role to keep the others informed about Hope's birth and to be the one to take her away.”
Tammy snatched her hand away and gasped in shock. “You're lying,” she cried. “Dante? She is lying, isn't she?”
Dante scooped down to Tammy's side and placed a protective arm around his wife. “No,” he whispered into her hair. “She is telling you the truth.”
“But...” Tammy couldn't think of anything to say. She suddenly felt very strange. This had to be a dream. She pinched herself, no this was real. This was actually happening. Her best friend was one of them. One of the evil people that wanted to kidnap her baby. How? How was this even possible?
“Just listen to her, Tammy” Sir Renaldo demanded. “What she is about to say is very important.”
“I am on your side now” Jenna began. “Hope isn't going to be taken away and we are going to end this... Tonight. First, I need to know what you know about this dagger and your role in this.”
Tammy swallowed hard, her mind had gone blank. She closed her eyes and tried to remember everything Angus had told her. Her head rested against Dante's strong chest. All she could think about was her best friend being one of them.
“Come on, Tammy” Jenna begged her voice a little edgy. “You need to tell me... We are close to ending this.”
“Angus” she began, her eyes remaining shut and now she was clinging on to Dante as if her life depended on it. “He Said I have to reverse the curse. My blood has to mix her blood and I have to use the same dagger.”
Jenna's face lit up. “Yes and how do you do that?” Jenna held out her hand. “Show me, Tammy.”
Tammy opened her eyes and took Jenna's hand in hers. Just like Angus had showed her Tammy drew an invisible line down Jenna's palm and copied on her own hand. Without any warning, she locked hands with Jenna.
“Yes!” Jenna smiled. “She knows” her voice was full excitement. Jenna leaped over and gave her friend a big hug. “Yes, Tammy. We can end this.”
“How?” Dante said. “It means getting your leader here. She isn't just going to turn up.”
Jenna pulled away. “She will if she thought Hope was here. Listen, here's the plan....”
***
Jenna pulled up outside the house. She had once thought was her rightful home. She didn't actually want to go inside not after what happened the last time. The excitement she had felt an hour ago had disappeared and was now replaced with fear.
With her legs shaking, she somehow managed to get out of the car. Slowly doubts were filling her mind, were they actually going to be able to finish this tonight? God, she hoped so. To finally be normal again and live her life without lying to anyone. No more being someone else's property and being told what to do.
Jenna took a deep breath and marched up to the front door. All she had to do was get Glandis to Ashville Manor and after that it was all down to Dante and Sir Renaldo.
Jenna pressed the doorbell and waited eagerly for Glandis to answer. Her heart was racing and her hands shook. She had to regain herself and quickly. She couldn't mess this up, it was time Glandis got what she deserved. She was evil, cruel and most of all Jenna hated her. She deserved to die and she had to die tonight.
The door opened and there she stood before Jenna. Her eyes immediately looked at the woman's natural beauty. Her long red hair brought out her pure blue eyes, a perfect oval face with full red lips. A year ago, she had been in awe of this woman, but now she hated her.
“Jenna” she purred. “What a delightful surprise. Do come in,” she held the door open. Jenna shook her head and refused to enter. “Something the matter?” Her voice had now turned ice cold and Jenna felt herself flinch.
“No” Jenna smiled. “Today is your lucky day, Glandis. The blood sucker's baby is home and is waiting for you.”
Glandis's mouth twitched into a smile. “Really?” She gasped. “It is finally pay day” she joked. The smile quickly dropped off her face and her eyes glared at Jenna. “Why did you not bring her yourself?”
Jenna knew she was going to ask that question. “Because,” she forced a grin on her face, but she was beyond scared now. How Glandis hadn't caught on was beyond her. “I thought you would prefer to collect what is yours and maybe have some fun at the parasites expense.”
Glandis clapped her hands in delight. “Oh, I like that idea.” She re-entered the house and Jenna finally let out a deep breath. That had gone easier than she had thought. She just prayed everything else would go exactly to plan.
***
Dante couldn't remain still, one minute he was sitting, then standing and then pacing around the room. Just watching him was making Tammy feel dizzy. Unlike Dante she remained quiet and still as she thought about what was going to happen.
A part of her was scared and the other half excited that she would be fulfilling her Gran's wish. She had never expected it to be quite as soon. She wasn't prepared for any of this. She looked up at the clock and the time seemed to be going faster than she assumed.
Jenna would be back soon and Tammy would be face to face with Angus's murderer. Fear exploded inside her and now the doubts were beginning to creep in.
“This is ridiculous” Dante snapped, breaking the silence. “We have actually put all our trust in a witch.” He let out a little air from his mouth and ran his hands through his thick dark air. “How do we know this isn't some set up?”
“Quiet” Sir Renaldo snapped. “I believe her. She is risking her own life for us, Dante. This Glandis woman is dangerous and there is no predicting what she is capable of.”
Dante threw his hands in the air. “Great,” he snapped with annoyance. “And you are just handing Tammy over to her.” Dante stood up yet again. “You put a witch before my wife.”
“Dante” Tammy sighed. “Please, stop this.”
“Stop this?” His voice roared, he walked over to where Tammy was sitting and dropped to his knees. “Did you not hear what my father just said?”
“Yes... But...”
“But nothing!” His head now resting in Tammy's lap and his arms locking around her waist. “I can't lose you, Tammy. We can do what you wanted. We can stop this, wait for Hope to come home and leave. We can go anywhere you want...”
Tammy could feel Dante's hot tears sinking through the fabric of her dress. Her fingertips began to play with his hair. For the first time in their relationship she had to be the strong one. Everyone seemed to have faith in her -- Gran, Sir Renaldo and Jenna.
She had to do this, running away was not going to give anyone any closure. She had spent her whole life feeling worthless, hiding away with books because she felt she was too poor to fit in. Always seeing herself as nothing but a pale too thin little girl, who wasn't going anywhere?
Tammy took in a deep breath and blinked back her tears. “Look at me,” she softly said. Dante's beautiful sculpted face looked up at her, his dark eyes filled with tears. Her tiny hands cupped his face. With a fingertip she wiped away a falling tear. “Everything is going to be fine. This is fate,” she smiled. “This was always going to happen. Everything we have done or spoken about has led to this. Can't you see?”
Dante shook his head. “When did you get so brave?”
“The day I met you” she sweetly smiled which Dante returned. “I love you and no one will ever take me away from you. We are going to finish this together.” Tammy leaned over and brushed her lips against Dante's. Instantly, she felt that electric current rip through her body. “We will end this.”
“And it looks like it is time,” Sir Renaldo said as he stood up. “Dante, take Tammy to the banquet hall.” Dante rose from the floor and held out his hand for Tammy. “Good luck, Tammy” he said before the pair disappeared from the room.
Chapter Twenty two
Jenna looked up at Ashville manor and then at Glandis by her side. This was it. They were going to do it. Jenna swallowed hard. All she had to do was escort Glandis to that banquet hall and leave the rest to the Renaldo's.
Glandis walked up the steps to the front door and reached for the door handle. “I would knock” she laughed. “But I think they have been expecting me for a while.” With that, she stepped into the manor with Jenna following behind. She stopped and took in a deep breath. “Ugh, that smell makes me sick.” Her head whipped round to Jenna. “Let's get this over with, shell we?”
Jenna just nodded and slowly guided Glandis to the banquet hall. Her nerves were really starting to get the better of her now. She had no idea why her legs hadn't given way on her. She could taste the bile creeping up her throat and she was fighting back tears.
She had silently prayed the whole car journey that nothing would go wrong. The thought of something happening to her best friend made her sick. She couldn't lose Tammy. She couldn't imagine her never being there again.
Jenna stopped when she reached the, door, with shaking hands, she pushed it open. There was no turning back down. Her eyes slowly looked over at Dante and Sir Renaldo standing in the middle of the room.
Glandis pushed past her and marched in. “Well,” she cackled. “It seems we have a welcoming comity. How very thoughtful of you both.” Her evil eyes fell on Sir Renaldo. “Haven't you grown and this must be your son.” Her eyes now turned to Dante. “Ah yes,” she smiled as she walked closer. “You are the spitting image of your foolish uncle.”
Dante went to launch at her, but Sir Renaldo pulled him back. “And you have his spirit too. Let's not make this any harder than it already is. Just give me what is mine and I will be on my way.”
The banquet hall door slammed shut, making Glandis spin round. Tammy stared at her while she clutched the dagger in her hand. For the first time in her life she felt powerful. Her heels clicked on the floor as she walked a little closer.
“There is no baby” Jenna laughed as she took her place by Tammy's side. “Well, not here anyway.”
Before Glandis could move, Dante's arm locked around her neck. “Shall we use your words?” He said in amusement. “Let’s not make this any harder than it already is.” His other arm reached for Glandis's hand.
“FOOLS!” Glandis yelled as she tried to break free of Dante's hold of her. “You think your little Black Swan is just going to walk up to me and stick that dagger in my hand?” A loud ear hurting laugh escaped her lips and echoed around the whole hall.
Her head slowly turned to Dante's direction. “You first, sweetie.” Before Dante could react, she spat in his face. Dante immediately let go, his face burned and his eyes were blinded.
Dante collapsed onto the floor. “Aw,” she mocked as she circled Dante. “Did that hurt?” Her fingers locked into his hair and she pulled it with force. “Look at you... Not so cocky now, are we?”
“LEAVE HIM!!!” Jenna screamed. “If you want to hurt someone.... Hurt me!”
Glandis's eyes slowly looked over at Jenna. “Don't worry sister,” she laughed. “You are definitely next on my list.” Her attention went back to Dante and she started stroking his hair as if he was some pet. “What shall we do?”
“Please” Tammy begged, she could tell by Dante's face, he was full of pain.
“Isn't that sweet” Glandis hissed, she tugged on Dante's hair, making him wince and stand up. “She loves you and will do anything for her disgusting parasite husband.” Her grips of Dante’s hair loosen and she reached into her bag.
This time she spun round to face Sir Renaldo. “I do have to admit” she casually began as she played with her own dagger. “You did fascinate me with your feeding methods. I didn't think you would be so civilized. When I cursed you I wanted you to go round sucking Britain dry.”
“My ancestors were not monsters,” Sir Renaldo replied as he watched Glandis move closer towards him. “We are not monsters.” A smug smile danced around Glandis lips and Sir Renaldo felt the cold blade of the dagger against his skin.
The burning sensation finally disappeared and Dante opened his eyes. That woman was next to his father with a blade. Something snapped inside him and he once again launched at her. This time successful pinning her to the ground. Dante felt something sharp dig into his side and he screamed out in pain.
“NOOOO!!” Tammy cried as she tried to rush to her husband. Glandis let out another laugh. Tammy watched as blood poured out of Dante and he moved around in pain. She dropped to his side and cradled him in her arms. “Dante... Speak to me!”
“Now it is your turn” Glandis spat in Jenna's direction. Jenna froze as Glandis grabbed her round the neck and pushed her against the wall. “You thought you could trick me” Jenna once again couldn't breath as Glandis grip got tighter. “Such a foolish little girl.”
Tammy watched as Glandis raised the dagger covered in Dante's blood. She had to do something and she had to do something now. Sir Renaldo was now next to her side and he was trying to stop the bleeding.
Tammy's eyes focused on a silver candlestick, she had to act quickly and she had to act now. She carefully released Dante and scrambled up on to her feet. The adrenaline rushed through her body and she was moving before she recognized. She grabbed hold of the candlestick and without even thinking about it smashed Glandis in the back of the head.
Glandis dropped to the floor and Jenna was free. Jenna ran over to where Tammy had left the dagger and kicked in Tammy's direction. Everything happened quickly, the second Tammy's hand touched the dagger she plunged it into her own hand and then into Glandis.
“No!” Glandis screamed as their hands locked together and their blood mixed.
A black mist emerged from Glandis's body and filled the room. Tammy closed her eyes as a sudden pain filled her body. An ear piercing high pitch sound escaped from Glandis's lips.
Then everything went quiet....
Tammy fell back into the floor and stared up at the ceiling. Her heart was racing and her breathing erratic. Tammy closed her eyes again, she felt weak and sleepy. Her hand felt numb and a cold chill filled her body.
“Tammy” breathed a caring voice. “Are you okay?” Tammy couldn't reply. She couldn't find the strength to speak. “Tammy, wake up!”
Within a flash Tammy felt all the sensations disappear and her eyes flung open. Jenna was sitting by her side, her face full of concern. A massive smile filled her face when she saw Tammy looking up at her.
Tammy quickly sat up and locked eyes with Dante. She jumped to her feet and flung herself in his arms. Wait! Tammy thought to herself. She took a step back and tried to search the stab wound, but it had disappeared. There was no blood anywhere. Her eyes searched the room Glandis was gone too.
Tammy looked down at her own hand, which was still bleeding. “What... Where... How...?” She dropped to the floor and just stared down at her hand.
“It's over” Dante smiled as he fell to Tammy's side. Just like he did in London, he pulled his T-shirt over his head and wrapped it round Tammy's hand. “You did it,” he placed a kiss on her cheek.
“But she stabbed you... Where has she gone?”
“The dead can't hurt you” Tammy' eyes looked up at Dante. He was breath taking. His dark eyes had now turned a stunning sparkling bright blue.
“Your eyes” Tammy was mesmerized by them.
“I know,” he smiled back. “I can feel it... The thirst has gone and my body feels alive.” With his free hand, he locked his fingertips in Tammy's hair and brought her lips up to his. “I'm not a vampire anymore.” His lips locked onto Tammy's and they fell into earth moving passionate kiss.
One year later......
Tammy and Dante walked hand in hand through the grounds of Ashville Manor. The sun was shining and the sky was bright blue. Tammy placed a hand on her growing belly. Life was wonderful. She had everything she needed.
Dante looked at his wife from the corner of his eye. She was beautiful, even more beautiful now than she was the day they met. He chuckled to himself as he remembered the little thing sat on the bed refusing to speak to him and when she did, it was nothing but questions.
“What is funny?”
Dante stopped moving and turned Tammy to face him. “Just remembering stuff.” His arms locked around Tammy's waist and he pulled her into him. “You make me so happy Mrs Renaldo.”
“Do I now?” She joked, as her own hands locked around Dante's strong neck. “Why don't you show me?”
“Is that a challenge?” Dante growled as he placed kisses along Tammy's neck.
“Maybe,” she teased, his kisses felt like heaven and that slow desire swirled around in the bottom of her stomach. Without warning, Dante scooped Tammy up in his arms and she gave a little squeal of delight. Dante marched back in the direction of their cottage.
Before they entered Tammy looked up at the sky and mouthed the word 'sorry'. After all, she didn't know who would be watching....
THE END

More books by Kam Carr
Bring me to life (#1 golden collection)
Sweet immortal (#2-golden collection)
Thoughtless Sacrifice (#3-golden collection)
Closer-part 1
Closer- part 2
Closer –part 3
The mercy of Devotion
Wide awake

The Golden Collection (3 books in 1)
Closer- the full curse (3 books in1)

Follow Kam on…

Facebook- www.facebook.com/officialkamcarr
Twitter: www.twitter.com/kam_carr


