Tethered
By Tasha Van Der Hyde



Tethered
By Tasha Van Der Hyde

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Tasha Van Der Hyde

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Chapter 1
I knew something was off.  He was distant, trying not to be but, distant all the same.  And not in the “I have a lot on my mind distant.”  This was like a siren going off in my head, like the kind that warns a nuclear attack is imminent.  Nuclear attack sirens and red flags and flashing lights all warning me of the danger I was in.  And not physical danger, I would have welcomed that in comparison.  I knew what was coming and it was going to hit me hard.  Even in the heated car I felt a chill that had nothing to do with the cold November night.  
“What’s wrong?” I asked nervously.  I already knew the answer though.
“Nothing.” he replied with a smile that was so forced it almost hurt me to witness it.  His eyes darted around nervously and he couldn’t really look at me.  
The sirens in my head got louder.
He was waiting.  We were on our way back from town where he’d played the most focused game of mini golf known to man.  You’d have thought he was playing a Master’s tournament and that funky green blazer was on the line.  Another warning sign.  Usually, he was laughing, joking, circling me in his arms and placing kisses on my jaw…but not tonight.  
I knew what was coming.  It made me nauseous to think of it, my heart already breaking.  He was stalling though, waiting until he could look me in the eye and break it to me.  That was proper, that was right and that was the way he did things.  He would wait until he could look me in the eye when he shattered my world.  He was a decent guy.  Better than decent really, he was good, kind, considerate, and good looking to boot.  It had always muddled me how I ever ended up with him in the first place.  He was out of my league and I had always known that.  If we were wines, he would be something expensive and French and impossible for me to pronounce or afford.  I, on the other hand, would be Boone’s Farm.  
“Something is wrong, I know you.”  I pushed, doing my best to hide the anxiety in my voice and failing royally.  
I waited for his response and watched his jaw jut side to side as he ground his teeth.  This was a telltale nervous tick for him.  “Let’s talk when we get back.”  He said kindly.  He was nervous and uncomfortable because confrontation of any kind really was not his thing.  
It was, however, my thing.
I bit the inside of my cheek to concentrate on something other than the panic and pain threatening to take over.  I pushed up my coat sleeve and rubbed the birthmark on the inside of my left wrist, trying to get lost in the sun shaped figure a few shades darker than my fair skin, my own telltale nervous tick.  Tears welled in my eyes and I tried to blink them back, but only succeeded in sending them racing down my cheeks, one after the other.  
Turning my head toward the window, I breathing in and out slowly trying to quell the apprehensive sludge that was pumping slowly through my body, heavy and thick like molasses.  I couldn’t sit idly by and wait for him to bust up my heart on his terms.
“No.  No, if you’re gonna do it, just go ahead and do it.  Let’s not wait for a setting in which you feel more comfortable breaking my heart.” I spat at him, only just managing to reign in the sobs trying to escape my chest. 
He let out a long breath, staring out at the road as he drove.  “Where do you see us in five years?”  
“Together.” I answered in a tone that said this was the obvious and only answer to the question.
His eyes slid slowly toward mine and he gave me a look…a look filled with pity.  It was the way you look at a small child before you tell them their puppy got run over or Santa doesn’t really exist.  “Dani, I…I just think we’d miss out on too much if we don’t go our separate ways and see what else is out there.  We’ll be graduating soon and then we’ll be off to college and there’s just so much out there….” He trailed off, letting the words hang in the air between us.
A lump formed in my throat and the air in my esophagus struggled to flow around it.  After some effort I formulated a response.  “How long have you known we were headed here?”  Disbelief colored my tone as it sank in that this breakup was the result of drawn out, logical thinking.  I could see it written on his face in the way he looked at me like he felt sorry for me that I thought we’d stay together, like I was a silly little child who didn’t know any better and he pitied me for it.  But, he’d known.  He was that guy, nothing spur of the moment.  Everything in his world was carefully planned and thought out.  
“Dani…” he sighed, his voice pleading.
“How. Long.”  My words were clipped as they slid between my clenched teeth.
“I mean, it’s not as if I had it keyed into my Blackberry!”  He glanced at me and I watched as the guilt passed over his face.  
Maybe it wasn’t literally in his Blackberry but, it may as well have been.
I started laughing, quietly at first and then a little manically.  “I am so stupid, so foolish.”  And suddenly I was angry.  Angry at him for his stupid, logical decision making process, for his ability to hide his plans just well enough that I was able to dismiss his subtle changes as the result of stress or a busy schedule or a bad day.  I knew, in my heart of hearts it was coming, I did but, I reasoned it away making excuses and justifying his actions in my head.  
My temper flared.  “Why would you hold onto me all this time, Jones?  You should’ve just let me go, let me get on with my life!  I could have been getting over you instead of stupidly falling more for you every day!”  I was raging now, my voice getting louder with each word.  I paused to reign in my emotions and leveled him with a look.  In my most even tone I asked again.  “How long?”
“I, I don’t,” he glanced at my face and resigned himself to answer my question.  “I first started thinking about all this about…about six months ago.”  He glanced at me again, his face apologetic.
I was struggling to hold it together now, the levy was about to break again and I knew it so the words came out in a rush.  “Then you should have just done it then!  You should have just let me go!”  My voice was torn between pain and anger, cracking on the last word as the pain won out.
“You would rather we hadn’t been together these last six months then?”  He sounded wounded, incredulous even.  He pulled off to the side of the two lane road we’d been traveling to look at me as if I’d just sprouted antlers.
My breathing hitched and I struggled to get it under control so I could speak clearly.  Tears were once again welling in my eyes, threatening to spill over.  The thought that I would actually prefer to be set free rather than stay with him for his allotted amount of time hurt him.  But, he had hurt me, cut me, made me bleed.  I wanted to cut him back for this.  I turned to look at him, staring into his eyes for a moment before delivering my answer.  “Absolutely,” I replied calmly and turned my head to stare out into the night.
“Dani, I’m sorry.  It’s just that, I really think we’d miss out on too much if we stay together.”  I felt him touch my hand and instantly recoiled.  
As the tears escaped again to spill down my cheeks, I turned to look at him once more.  “I guess that’s the difference between us then.  I thought whatever I was missing out on, you’d be worth it.”  Then I popped open the door to his car and ran off into the black night.


Chapter 2
I was at a full out run by the time I hit the tree line some 20 yards in. I heard the door slam shut as Jones climbed out of his vehicle.  Fortunately, tonight was a full moon and it was easy to miss the low bushes and fallen branches.  I booked for a willow oak nearby and hid myself beneath the low hanging branches, my back against the trunk of the tree.  
I heard twigs snapping beneath his footfalls as he came closer to my hiding spot.  “Danielle?”  He called softly.  I pressed my back harder against the tree and absently traced my fingers over my birthmark.  
“Dani, come on, I know you can hear me!  Where are you?  Don’t you think this is a little dramatic?”  His voice was louder and I could hear him blowing out a long breath, picture him raking his fingers through his short, sandy blonde locks.  “Dani, this is insane!”
 He knew me well enough to realize that he could walk these woods until daylight and I would never emerge for him.  
I concentrated on making no sound, biting back tears as my index finger nervously worked in circles over my birthmark.  Nearby, Jones was still unaware of my presence and angrily took it out on an unsuspecting tree.  I heard his boot strike repeatedly against the bark as he let out an angry growl and cursed under his breath.  He paced for maybe ten or fifteen minutes more, alternating between cursing under his breath and calling out my name.  His defeated huff sounded and then his footsteps retreated toward the direction of the road.  I waited silently until I heard the engine turn over and rev as he drove off into the darkness.
My body went limp against the tree as I succumbed to the painful emotions inside.  Drawing my knees to my chest, I let the sobs ripple through me as I tried to figure out what I had done wrong.  I’d had it bad for him since I’d first laid eyes on him in the fourth grade.  
If you placed us side by side and were told we were a couple it would laughable.  He was tall with short, stylishly spikey sandy blonde hair and chocolate brown eyes set in a classically handsome face and with a nice body.  I had auburn hair that I had to keep down to the middle of my back.  This kept the natural ringlets weighted down enough to convert them to loose curls, it was my best feature, my only feature really.  At least when it wasn’t raining or humid.  My eyes were a boring greyish blue and my nose had a lovely bump in the middle of it and my lips were a little too big.  And I came in at a whopping five foot four, one hundred and twenty pounds.  I know, try and contain yourself.  On my best day, I was only barely pretty.
The product of exposure to too many fairytales, I had an overly romantic heart.  I thought he was my prince, I thought this was my happily ever after.  But, I was no princess.  
I stayed huddled against the tree in the cold for a while wallowing in my sadness, the only attendant to my pity party.   
By where the moon hung in the sky, it was very late.  My aunt, Vera Deveroe, who I lived with, was probably unaware of my absence.  She’d long ago given me a generous amount of freedom, not because she had so much trust in me…it was more like she was glad to be rid of me when I started to want independence.  She spent the better part of her life going for cocktails with friends after work or shopping.  The only sister of my dad who had been killed along with my mother in a car accident when I was 8 months old had been my caretaker for these past 17 years.  She wasn’t really a bad person, but she wasn’t particularly interested in me.  
Running my fingers through my hair, I blew out a shaky breath.  I stood and brushed myself off, readying myself for the hike to my home, about three miles from here.  Without warning, the earth beneath me began to tremble and the faint sound of hoof beats started to sound.  It sounded like a stampede, at least I guess it did, though I’d never been present for one before.  My knees locked and my heart jumped into my throat.  I couldn’t move.  I just stood there staring wide eyed in the direction of the sound.  
Slowly, in the distance I began to make out what appeared to be billowing black clouds too close to the ground in the distance maybe 100 yards out.  I tried to will my body to move, but to no avail.  As the cloud barreled closer, it took on a more defined shape.  It was not a cloud at all, but many black cloaks whipping behind their riders in the night.  The hoof beats I thought I’d heard were indeed that, created by no less than ten horses beneath the figures in black cloaks.  I could feel the adrenaline as it began pumping madly through my body at this realization, calling upon a basic human response.  Fight or flight.  
No question here.  
Flight.
I turned on the spot and threw myself into a manic run, not towards the road, but deeper into the woods away from the riders.  My legs worked furiously beneath me, arms pumped back and forth at my sides.  Wait!  Arms?  Coat sleeve still pushed back, in the darkness it was easy to make out my birthmark which was now glowing a faint blue on the inside of my wrist.  I could see it flash in and out of view as my arms swung back and forth.  
No time to muddle over that now though, as the calls from the riders became audible behind me.  They were of course gaining on me.  I couldn’t outrun a horse, but I would damn well try.  
“There she is!”  A gruff male voice yelled in the chaos in some accent that screamed he was not from around here.
My panicked mind tried to coax more speed from my body, but there was none to be had.  Then, up ahead in my path, strange lights began to crackle and spark like so many sparklers on the Fourth of July.  Starting many feet above the ground and tracing a symmetrical curve outward to either side quickly shaping into an arched doorway.  It glowed the same faint blue as the mark on my arm. 
I heard an angry “NO!” sound from behind provided by the same gruff voice I’d heard previously.  Then, “DO NOT LET HER PASS!”
If Gruff Voice intended that I not pass through the weird door, then that was exactly where I meant to go.  It was so close now, maybe ten feet away.  But the riders were drawing closer; I could almost feel the steamy breath of the horses at my back.  No!  I could actually feel the steam and smell the distinct aroma of decay.  My stomach roiled.  I chanced a glance back to verify.  Yes, they were that close.  Out of my peripheral vision, I could see them filing out to flank me.  
The door beckoned me, like, it was actually beckoning me.  A sweet feminine voice called, “Come, my child.”
My body jerked slightly backward as a rider grabbed the hood of my favorite down filled coat.  Fortunately for me, it was still unzipped.  I lurched forward pulling my arms from the sleeves and dove for the doorway just in front of me now.  
As my fingertips touched the glowing blue light, I heard a muffled, angry scream from somewhere, but which direction I could not know for sure.  I was being actively pulled in by the doorway, up was down and down was up and I could not make sense of it as I spun in darkness.  
Suddenly, bright daylight blinded me and I landed with a soft thud on lush, green moss.  I stood immediately, body still in flight mode.  But the world around me continued to spin violently in circles from the trip I’d just taken.  I lost my footing, stumbled backward over something and a sharp pain pricked the back of my skull.  
And then, the world went black.

Chapter 3
The sun warming my face was the first thing I became aware of.  I felt a little off balance and my dreams were attempting to break through to the front of my mind from their current location   on the fringes.   I tried to help the images along, it seemed important, but it was like trying to catch smoke with your hands.  
Birds were busy spewing out a happy melody that surrounded me from all sides and….that seemed odd.  I registered something soft, cool, and a little damp beneath my fingers.  Equally odd.  It was at this point that I had a revelation.  
My bed did not feel like this.  I opened my eyes and realized this was absolutely not my room.  
A deep green canopy of leaves hung high over my head from towering trees above, beams of sunlight filtering through it.  I started to sit up and became acutely aware of a dull ache at the back of my head.  Touching the spot gingerly, I felt a decent sized lump.  I turned at the waist to examine where my head had been and spied a large root protruding from the ground.  I suspected it to be the culprit of my injury and therefore cursed at it.   
I stood up slowly, trying to figure out the direction of the road.  If my aunt was awake, she probably would realize I was gone at this point.  But, as I took in my surroundings, I became aware that they were totally unfamiliar.  
The forest floor was carpeted in luxurious, thick green moss, the trees too tall, and the sky perfectly blue spotted with puffy white clouds.  To the west a full, lavender moon retreated toward the horizon, to the east a golden sun was climbing toward the middle of the sky, warm rays radiating from it to temper the chill of the morning air.  Everything was rich in color and texture and while I had seen beautiful landscapes before, this was surreal.  This was like something out of a dream.  
Something pulled at the back of my mind, it was important, relevant to this situation even but, I couldn’t put the pieces together.  
I heaved myself up off the ground and began walking, trying to make heads or tails of my predicament as I went.  I remembered Jones had ended things with me (and by Jiminy that stung new all over again), I remembered I had reacted like a bit of a drama queen and run into the woods to escape the situation, and I remembered breaking down to pile of sobbing, pitiful little girl after he left.  Then just fuzz, like a TV with really bad reception.  I knew something had happened but, what that was well, that was beyond me.  At the moment I would successfully translate the teacher from Charlie Brown before I would decode what had transpired from that point to this one.
Quiet gurgling interrupted my thoughts and I realized two things, I was sooo thirsty and I really had to pee.  
My faux suede boots traversed almost soundlessly across the moss covered ground as I worked toward the sound.  As the trees thinned slightly the ground began to descend downward and then, I saw it.  
It was the most beautiful river I had ever seen.  I actually gasped when it came into view.  About twenty yards wide, it’s pale, translucent green water rode lazily over crystal clear long, flat stones.  They sparkled in the sunlight like diamonds on crack.  The sand along the river bed and bank glinted and twinkled as if it were composed of ground up canary diamonds. 
My bladder reminded me that it could burst at any moment, so I backed away into the thick trees again, unwilling to desecrate that beautiful place.
I popped a squat behind the thick cover of some underbrush and to relieve my overly stretched bladder.  Then, I trekked back toward the ridiculously gorgeous river.  
I reached out to touch one of clear stones on the bank, this one small and smooth.  I only ventured one finger, uncertain of what would happen.  Would it bite me, would it sing, dance?  But, it only responded to my touch by remaining still as, well, a stone.  The glassy surface was as smooth as it looked and I gasped at its perfectness.  
As I palmed the stone, I looked out across the water toward the bank on the other side. Four black hooves were planted in the yellow sand accompanied by a black horse and a rider in a hooded black cloak that matched the horse perfectly.  
My brain kicked into overdrive frantically piecing together the previously unsolved puzzle, like someone had flicked on the light switch in my head.  
Black cloaks blowing behind their riders, hoof beats, me running, they were going to catch me, blue door that appears as if from nowhere, I ran to it, I jumped through it!
Shut the front duck!  Danger.  Danger.  Danger. Nuclear attack sirens!
Once again, I spun on my heel as a blood curdling, horror movie worthy scream escaped through my lips that I did not know I had authorized.  
From behind, the sounds of hooves splashing quickly across the river rang in my ears as I clumsily tried to scale back up the small slope toward the forest.  I had almost crested the rise when my boot snagged on an errant root and I feel face first onto the ground, mouth full of moss and everything.  
I tried to right myself again, spitting moss as I struggled, but the rider was already upon me.  I felt more than heard his boots hit the ground entirely too close to my location.  I rolled onto my back ready to use my legs like a rabies riddled kick boxer.  I glanced up frantically at the tall dark figure in a black hooded cloak.
The rider broke his silence with one word.  “Please.”
His voice was velvety and smooth, like milk chocolate.  I stopped struggling immediately from pure shock value.  
I took him in starting at his toes.  He wore black leather boots with two large silver buckles at the tops that stopped about mid-calf with slim black trousers disappearing into them.  A belt composed of thin, silver disks hung low on his hips weighted down on the left side from a sheath holding a sword with an ornately carved hilt, inlaid with emeralds.  His black shirt was loose fitting with slightly billowed sleeves, but the fabric was thin enough to hint at the well carved muscle that lay beneath as it rippled in the breeze.  His black cloak appeared thick, yet snapped like silk as the air around him stirred.  His pale skin was flawless as it stretched up his neck.  
In comparison to his uh, period piece garb, I looked strange in my dark blue chenille (fake, that is) sweater with three quarter length sleeves, dark silver skinny jeans, and faux suede boots.
His face was still mostly shrouded in his overlarge hood, but I could tell he was watching me from beneath it.  He reached up slowly and pulled down the hood while squatting on my right side.  I watched his movements cautiously and he put out his hands in a universal gesture that indicated he meant me no harm.
Hair black as coal blew softly around his face, falling in loose waves to just below his chin.  The sheen could make a shampoo model jealous and I had a sneaking suspicion that Biosilk and Nexxus were not in his vocabulary.
But, none of that had anything on his face.  You could roll his face in diamonds and it would not be an improvement but, a crime against nature because nature had been so, so good to him.  
His jaw was well defined and strong, but didn’t overpower his face.  Full lips above a slight cleft in his chin begged to be kissed, but I knew he’d never have to beg that from any red-blooded woman.  His nose was straight and perfectly symmetrical between high cheekbones with slight hollows beneath them.  Not in an emaciated way but, in a holy-llama-mama-he-was-carved-of-stone way.  And his eyes, oh buddy, I knew I was in trouble.  His eyes were the same color as the river cutting through the forest.  Pale green, but with flecks of deeper shades of green strewn in a starburst pattern giving them a depth that flat colors could not claim.  Thick black lashes fringed his eyes and I decided on my best day with ten tubes of mascara I would still be jealous of those bad boys.
He was looking at me as if I were something fragile and precious.  His eyes were beautiful, sure but, more than that, there was a humble kindness to them.  And in the middle of a forest I was unfamiliar with and a man I’d never met my heart told me I was safe.
My mind, however, said, “UH UH.”  So, I kicked at him.
He held his ground with a concerned expression.  I’m pretty sure he was concerned my elevator did not go all the way to the top.       
“Please, do not fear me.  I will not harm you.”  He said carefully with that soul-burning voice of his and in a British accent no less.  I just stared at him, dumbfounded and I realized belatedly, with my mouth hanging open.  “May I help you up?” he asked as he cautiously extended his left hand toward me and rose slowly.
My mind worked over my situation and decided that if he’d wanted to hurt me, he could have done already.  Especially taking into account that he was armed with a sword and I was arm with, well, not a damn thing.  I looked at his hand for a few moments as if it were a UFO before finally extending my own left hand.  
As I reached out he drew in a sharp breath jerking his hand back, eyes locked on my wrist.  I looked from him to my wrist and back again…and another memory flooded my mind.  
Crap baskets! That thing was glowing last night!  
I didn’t intend to reveal to him that little fact or at least that I thought it was a fact.  Let him help me up, sure.  Let him in on the fact that maybe my elevator may actually not reach the top, not so much.  His reaction to my wrist in the absence of it glowing was absolutely strange, but hey, one thing at a time.
“It’s just a birthmark.  You have a sword, I have a birthmark.  Which one of us should fear the other do you think?”  I asked him bluntly.
He stared at me for a moment longer before cracking a grin and chuckling lightly.  
“The lady makes a valid point.”  He said between chuckles and extended his hand again. 
I reached for him and noticed his eyes dart back to the mark on my wrist quickly once more.  
Geez, you’d think I taped a tiny snake to my wrist.  
His green eyes studied me intently as he pulled me to my feet.  Under his scrutiny, I could feel blood rushing to my face with speed of a breaking damn.  One of many pitfalls that come with the curse of fair skin.  My heart stuttered and sped, then repeated the sequence.  
He let go and backed away a few steps, never tearing his gaze from my own.  He stood there with his lips slightly parted, arms stiffly at his sides.  
I stood there and willed myself not to climb him and cover his mouth with my own.  I’d never been especially moved by good looking guys, never one to salivate over mere looks.  For me, real attraction came with emergence of a guy’s sparkling personality or great sense of humor.  But then, I’d never even seen a guy as good looking as this one…not even in the pages of a magazine.  He was blessed with the kind of genetics that would evoke attraction from the most prudish of females.     
He cleared his throat and looked around at nothing in particular before he spoke again.  “I’m so sorry, milady.  I did not introduce myself.  I am Liam of Shirebrook.”  He said with an expectant look on his face.
I studied him for a moment, trying not to freak out over the fact that I was definitely not in Kansas anymore and may well have landed in Oz or someplace just as unlikely.  I had always been pretty cool under stress though, realizing that no amount of freaking out produces a solution.  So I steeled myself and just looked him in the eye and responded.  “Well, my name is not ‘milady’ it’s Dani Deveroe, so call me Dani.  And…I’m from Gatlinburg.”
“I fear I am unfamiliar with…Gatlinburg.”  He looked confused, like maybe he was expecting a different response or reaction than I delivered.  He blinked at me slowly while warring emotions passed over his face, glanced toward my wrist once more, then, he composed himself and reached for my hand.     
He caught me completely off guard when he took my hand, his eyes staring straight into my soul.  I felt like he could see my every thought and that made me blush to the soles of my feet.  He lifted my hand and traced a light circle on the back of it with the middle finger of his free hand, not once breaking eye contact.
“Dani.  It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”  He spoke the words softly and I couldn’t recall the name of the boy who had broken my heart in that moment.  

Chapter 4
Dropping my hand, Liam eyed my clothes with perplexed look on his riot inducing face.  “May I ask you a question?” he said cautiously.
“That was a question.” I replied with a wry smile. 
He responded with a half-cocked grin and then said, “An additional one then?”
“Sure.” I responded with a shrug.
“Are you aware that you are dressed rather…strangely?” he asked, running one hand absently through his hair.
I chewed the inside of my cheek as I watched the sleek locks fall back around his face.  It took a moment for my mind to register the question and another to formulate a response.  “Maybe I’m not, maybe you are.”
He nodded, one corner of his pouty mouth pulling up.  “I believe I can assure you that of the pair of us, you will be the one to stand out if you remain dressed…as you are.”  He said, but didn’t push for an actual answer to his question, though the look in his eyes said the fact that I didn’t offer one did not go unnoticed.  
“What if I mean to stand out?”  I said, crossing my arms over my chest.
He looked almost worried now.  “I feel it’s unwise to draw attention to yourself.”  He said and his tone was all business.  I knew what he said was true, but I wasn’t ready to deal with the why that it begged.  I had my suspicions already.  All crazy, all unrealistic, all impossible.  I couldn’t come up with anything so far that didn’t fall into all three of those categories.
After a pause spent studying my garb again, he finally said, “We should find something less conspicuous for you to wear.”  
From that statement, only one word registered.  “We?”  	
He looked almost offended.  “I will not leave you out here alone and unprotected.  You are alone aren’t you?”
I looked at the ground, feeling like his concentrated stare would melt my internal organs.  “Yes.”  I told the ground.  “What do I need protecting from?”  I directed this question at the ground as well.  Not that I wouldn’t have followed him to Canada or the Emerald City or wherever you could get to from here if he asked, but his statement raised questions I had yet to consider in this beautiful, peaceful place.  What malevolence could be lurking in this beauty?
I braved a glance toward his face and saw worry etched across his features.  He looked away and his eyes hardened as they searched the landscape for a sign of what I could only assume was danger.  My heart beat quickened, not from his beauty this time, but his severity in this moment.  He looked back to me and his eyes softened.  “A lady should never travel alone.”  He said softly.  His tone suggested his actions were the result of civic duty, but I could still sense an uneasiness in him that suggested I needed protection from a specific source.
“Hmph.  And they say chivalry is dead.”  It was the first thing that popped into my head.
Liam cocked a perfect black eyebrow and asked, “Do they really say that?”  
“Yes, and it may rest on your shoulders to prove them wrong.”  I said with shrug.
He walked over to his horse who had wandered in the opposite direction to graze contentedly and began pulling the beast in my direction.  “I will be most happy to prove chivalry to be alive and well.”  The half grin pulled up one corner of his mouth.
I watched him coax the horse back toward me and he looked up to meet my eyes.  I looked quickly toward the ground, unable to hold his gaze.  I didn’t want him to see me, like, really see me.  I was afraid of what he would find.  I had known him for all of about 15 minutes and I was already pathetically nursing a foolish crush on him and, let’s be honest, if Jones was out of my league, then Liam and I didn’t even play at the same ballpark.  Ever.  
“There is a village not far from here.  We should be able to find something suitable for you there.  Are you ready, milady?”  He said as he extended a hand.  It was obvious that I was expected to get on this giant creature’s back and that wasn’t really in my plans.  I did not do horses.
“You want me to get on that thing?”  I asked pointing to black beast in front of me.
He looked at me questioningly, then to the horse and in its general vicinity.  “You mean the horse?  He’s not a thing, he’s a horse.  He won’t hurt you.”  He stated as his hand dropped to his side.  His tone reminded me of debate class.  But then he looked into my eyes.  I couldn’t look away this time; I was like a deer in the headlights.    His tone softened and when he spoke it was just above a whisper.  “I told you that I would protect you, that was a promise.” 
I was reduced to putty and would’ve climbed into the mouth of a dragon for him if he’d only asked it of me.  But he didn’t need to know that.  So I just said, “Okay.” 
I walked toward him and he took me by the elbow and gently turned my body so that my back was to him.  Then he placed his hands at my waist and lifted me effortlessly, as though I was filled with air.  He placed me in the saddle then hoisted himself up behind me, one arm on either side of me.  
Liam made a clicking sound and the horse responded by working up to an easy speed.  He smelled like sandalwood and sea mist, clean and masculine.  His chest grazing my back slightly felt nothing more than necessary, but my body responded to his proximity with a fierceness.  
My pulse pounded in my ears and my mind took inventory of every place in contact with him.  Our thighs were pressed together in the limited space provided, my back only just touched his chest, and his arms grazed my own sporadically with the movement of the horse.  But, what really set me reeling was his breath at the nap of my neck, slightly more to my left side.  Even through my thick hair that fell loosely down my back it was discernible.  It was simultaneously intimate and innocent and I struggled to form a coherent thought.
I broke the silence that had fallen on us since we’d begun the ride.  “Where are we?”
“Milady, you have the pleasure of being in The Emerald Wood, one of the most beautiful places to behold in all Avenlore.”
“Avenlore?”  I asked.
He halted the horse and leaned forward to look at my face.  “Milady, it is what these lands are called.  Did you not know?”
Of course I did not know.  “Yes, yeah.  I’m still a little off balance I think from all the startling.”  I answered quickly, unable to hold his gaze.  He looked completely unconvinced, but didn’t press me.  “And it’s Dani, remember?”  I added steeling a peak at him over my shoulder.
His answering smile lit his face.  “Dani.”  
At the sound of my name from his lips, my world titled on its axis.

Chapter 5
Not far from here turned out to be much farther than it sounded.  By the time we neared the village, the sun was descending fast behind the trees.  By my questionable calculations, less than an hour of daylight remained.  
The village was small, but cozy, surrounded by golden fields and the deep green wood.    
Liam stopped short of the hustle and bustle of the town to dismount and help me carefully down from the saddle.  He unfastened his cloak and placed it around my shoulders, his fingers softly grazing my shoulders.  
Even through the layers of fabric, my body practically purred from the contact.  
“Just a precaution.” He told me as he fastened the fabric at the base of my throat.  “I shouldn’t be long.  I want you to remain here until I return and try to stay out of sight.  Can you do that?”  He asked quietly as he stood with me in a thicket on the fringe of the village.  
My head bobbed quickly in response.  
He nodded and turned disappearing through the brush.  
I crept along the inside of the thicket and crouched down to peak through a thinned section of the brush in the direction he had gone.  
He was headed to a small stone building with a thatched roof, smoke rolling thickly from its single chimney.  He knocked and the door quickly opened.  A squat woman wearing a plain linen dress that reached her ankles went wide eyed as she stared at him from the other side of the threshold.  Her mouth moved quickly, her expression flustered and nervous.  They were too far away for me to make out her words, but from her body language, I assumed she was offering an apology.  He shook his head and smiled kindly in response, his mouth moving as well, saying words I couldn’t hear.  Then, she curtsied hurriedly and beckoned him inside.    
His very presence appeared to warrant a show of respect.  He hadn’t called himself Lord or Prince or Count…so her reaction to him baffled me.  Perhaps I wasn’t the only one playing it close to the vest.
I was startled out of my thoughts by a voice close enough that I could definitely make out the words.  
“Have you heard the news, Lena?”  A feminine voice asked. 
“Not at all, please do enlighten me.”  A new voice (Lena I assumed) responded.  
When the first voice spoke again, her voice was grave.  “The Black Knights ride again!  Just last night my husband came across them on his way back from a hunt.  Looked like he’d seen a ghost, he did, when he returned!”
“Was he quite certain of it?”  Lena asked nervously.
“There’s no mistaken’ them, there’s not.”  The first voice confirmed.
“By all that is holy.  How long has it been?” Lena asked.  
“Can’t be sure, fifteen years?” The first voice said uncertainly.  
“After all this time, Lord Soren still seeks to fulfill that ghastly prophecy….you’d think he’d have moved on by now.”  Lena said severely.
“You know as well as I do, moving on is not in Lord Soren’s blood.  Only vengeance is.”  The first voice answered then added, “Quickly now, someone’s coming.  We best be about it.”
With that, the conversation was over.  Unease crept through me and my gut told me these Knights and the black riders I’d encountered were connected.  
Oh, no.
I was quickly becoming uneasy here alone with the shadows of night closing in.  I peeked back toward the home I’d seen Liam disappear into, but he was already on the path leading away from it, a large sack in hand.  His walk was tense and I wondered if he’d heard about the Black Knights too.
When he emerged from the bushes I could easily surmise that something was wrong.
“What is it?” I asked immediately.
“Quickly.” He said thrusting the bag in my direction.  “We ride as soon as you’re ready.”
“What’s going on?”  I asked, refusing to take the bag until he answered me.
He turned the full force of his hypnotic eyes on me before he spoke.  “Please.”
I blinked at him a few times before snatching the bag from him.  “Fine.  But once we’re on our way, you are going to explain to me what’s going on!”
He didn’t respond.
I hurried to the back edge of the thicket and climbed through the brush until I was safely surrounded on all sides.  My mind steadily concocted a string of theories capable of turning my blood cold. 
I pulled the bag open and thrust my hand inside and grabbed the first thing I touched, yanking it out quickly.
My brain registered the material as soft and plush and even in my fury, I couldn’t help but admire the beautiful fabric.  Even in the low light of the coming night the deep green fabric shimmered.  It was velvet, rich and thick and sleek.  I slipped it over my head, smoothing out the tight bodice.  It was simple and somewhat durable, but elegant.  A slim silver rope circled my waist that matched the silver piping at the neckline and the hem of the skirt that flowed silkily around my ankles.  
I eased back through the bushes carefully, smoothing the fabric again once I was clear of the leaves and branches.  “It’s beautiful…thank you.”  I said quietly to the ground.  When he didn’t respond I looked up to find him staring at me, lips slightly parted.
His Adam’s apple bobbed once before he spoke.  “It suits you.” He said, words barely more than a whisper. Turning away quickly he added, “We should ride.”
Just as before, he placed me in front of him in the saddle.  I had intended to give him the third degree, but I found my questions difficult to voice and the shock and severity of the situation finally began to take its toll on me.  I worked to make my mind a blank and by inches began to succeed.  The exhaustion, both mental and physical set in and soon I slipped into unconsciousness.
***
A faint blue flame greeted me when I awoke.  I eyed it suspiciously as it produced no smoke or smell, but heat rolled off the tiny flames and kept the chill away.  The dampness was there though, I could smell it.  The walls of a cavern surrounded me, their surface sparkling lightly as embedded gemstones caught and reflected the light from the small blue flame.  The mouth of the cave filtered light in from the full moon outside and I could see him there, Liam.  
Back to me, he stared into the night, relaxed but a hand rested on the hilt of his sword.  I joined him at the mouth of the cave.  “I’m sorry.  Did I fall asleep on you?”
“Only a little.”  I could see his mouth pull up at the corner, but he didn’t turn to face me.
I blew out a breath, time for some answers.  “Who are the Black Knights?”
Now he looked at me, eyes wide.   “How do you know of the Black Knights?”
“I overheard some women, back at the village.   So…who are they?” I replied.
He pulled both hands through his hair and I could see the internal struggle behind his eyes and the resolve when the decision had been made.  “I haven’t told you, because I did not want to frighten you.  You were so shaken when I found you, I could not add to your burden.”
“But you’ll tell me now?”  I pressed and he nodded.  “It…they have something to do with me, don’t they?”
“Yes, they have everything to do with you.”  He said slowly, “I will tell you everything I know.”

Chapter 6
Liam took a deep breath and nodded once before he began.  “Avenlore is ruled by House Connolly of Castle Lux in the East, but only for last two hundred years or so.  Prior to their ascent to the throne, the land was ruled by the House Raythen of Castle Knox in the West.  They ruled fairly and justly for a century.  Then, an heir, Prince Hagin, was born to King Stephan and Queen Kaliope, he was healthy and strong until the age of fifteen when he was struck by a fever that slowly sucked his very life from his body.  
“The castle’s Enchantress and healers worked tirelessly to save the prince, but no spell or herb or potion was able to touch the sickness.
“Desperate to save his only son, the King summoned a Warlock he’d once crossed paths with as a younger man.  He commanded the Warlock to save the prince by any means.  The Warlock, called Elan, warned King Stephan that dark magic came at a high price, but the King was beyond reason.
“The dark magic purged the prince of his sickness, but he awoke a different boy.  The King was so overjoyed he couldn’t see the change in the beginning.  But, the Queen could.  She was horrified, and begged the Enchantress to cure the prince of the darkness.  The Enchantress possessed no magical cure for the evil that lived within the prince and begged the King to destroy the boy before it was too late.
“Rage filled the King at her suggestion and he ordered his guard to take her life instead.  The Warlock was appointed to her position and Queen Kaliope feel into great despair.”
My head was spinning and while I was hanging on every word, he hadn’t come close to answering my question.  “While this story is heart wrenching and captivating, I don’t understand its relation to my question.”
His pale green eyes locked with mine as he spoke.  “To understand what is, you must understand what was.”  He paused, waiting for my objection.
“Proceed.”  Was my only reply.
He nodded once and continued.  “The cost of black magic is a piece of one’s humanity.  The price is paid by the recipient of the magic as well as its wielder.  The spell used was so powerful that it drained the Warlock entirely of his humanity, while the prince retained only very little of his own.  
“The severity the prince’s state was made clear when he demanded to resume his combat training only days later.  While sparring with a guard’s son in the yard, the prince became enraged when the boy defeated him.  He threw down his blunted sword and grabbed a sharpened one, which he drove through the boy’s back.  
“When he was berated and punished by the King, the prince stole into his chambers and slit his throat as the queen slept beside him.
“The Queen, in her sorrow, threw herself from the castle battlements into the sea the next morning.   
“Hagin’s rule was cruel and ruthless and the land and people suffered greatly for it.  He put to death any who opposed him or disapproved of his ways and anyone of their blood, not even sparing children.
“He raised his sons to be entitled and greedy and though the dark magic had not touched them, they were nurtured to become almost as horrifying as Prince Hagin himself.
“The people felt defeated and feared to revolt.  But whispers of a Lord in the East who had a growing army of men began to circulate.  Lord Erik Connolly of Castle Lux had the ability to inspire hope and loyalty in men.  A beautiful and powerful enchantress called Soleil aided him and cast upon him and his followers a shield that would protect them from the influence of dark magic.”
I asked the obvious question.  “Why couldn’t the first witch do anything about the dark magic?”
He shook his head, “She was an enchantress, not a witch.  Her powers were quite weak in comparison to Soleil and in any case, shielding one from dark magic and purging the soul of it are entirely different.” He said as if the answer was common knowledge.  
“Huh.  So, this Soleil was better wi—enchantress than the first one.  Did they go to different w—uh…enchantress schools or something?”
Liam shot a measured look at me.  “Soleil was more powerful for…the same reason some are taller or stronger than others.  She hailed from a bloodline of powerful enchantresses.”
I guess that made sense.  “Okay, continue.”
“The combined forces of Soleil and Lord Connolly were able to defeat King Hagin and Soleil vanquished the Warlock Elan.  The people named Connolly King and Soleil remained as the enchantress to Castle Lux.  
“The sons, not quite men at the time, were pardoned and the King put to death.  King Erik was merciful and allowed the sons of Hagin to retain Castle Knox.  
“They harbored a grudge against any Connolly and raised their own sons to harbor it as well.  It was passed down through the generations and remains to this day. 
“Lord Soren, of Castle Knox at present, still harbors the same grudge.  He learned of a prophecy that promised to return the Kingdom to the hands of House Raythen.  The prophecy said that a Connolly daughter would be born and by her blood may House Connolly fall and 
House Raythen be returned to power.  
“It was made when she was still an infant, delivered personally by the Castle Knox Warlock called Alec.  Lord Soren commanded his men to seek out the girl and bring her to Castle Knox.  Most of the Knights and guards did not have the heart to carry out the orders, knowing what it would mean for the baby girl.  Those men were put to death and those who remained were rewarded by being spelled with dark magic, making them inhumanly stronger and faster.  These men were called the Black Knights of Castle Knox.  
“The prophecy, as it turned out, was interpreted incorrectly, however, and they attacked a lower House of Connolly, taking the wrong girl.”  He paused and drew in a breath as he studied the ground.   “She is believed to have been killed regardless.”
Tears started to spill down my cheeks and his eyes seemed to glisten as well as he continued.
“They burned villages and towns to the ground in their search, leaving little life behind.  King Elias responded by beating back the Black Knights with his army and they retreated to Castle Knox, though his army suffered great casualties in the fight.  
“Lord Soren ordered that they discover the location of the child before proceeding further, to ensure they did not fail again.  He and Alec set to work enlisting spies and spells to find the girl’s location.  They were unsuccessful all these years until a few nights ago.  They are still, however, unaware of what the prophecy truly said.  You see, the girl they have been searching for is easily identified.”  He paused, leveling me with a meaningful look.
Oh. No, no, no, no, no. 
His eyes burned a hole through me.  He took my left hand in both of his and gently turned it palm up.  My breath came in quick gasps now, my heart slamming against my ribs, but he was completely calm and that was even more unnerving.  Breaking the gaze, he pulled my hand forward gently and traced a circle around my birthmark as I had done so many times before.
I couldn’t speak or move as he continued to softly trace the skin at my wrist.  “You will know her by the sun upon her skin…”  He met my wide eyed stare.  “I didn’t know what it meant until you reached out to me, but then I was as sure of it as I am my own name.”
I jerked my hand away and was immediately on my feet.  Slowly, I backed away from him, eyes wide, breath ragged, heart attempting to break free of my chest.  “How?  It’s not ….not possible!  I’m…I…I’m not even from here!”  My mind worked furiously to fit the pieces together.  This was so much worse than I could’ve imagined.  My brain demanded that I run, he was a threat, I wasn’t safe.  “How do you know these things?  What are you…what have you…you’re taking me to them!”  I accused as my heart rate ticked higher.  My heaving chest was unable to purchase sufficient oxygen from the air and my head began to spin and my limbs started to tingle.
He was on his feet now, closing the space between us slowly, the horrorstruck look on his face mirrored my own.  Then his face fell, heartbreak all but written across his it.  “I would never…”  He trailed off in a whisper.  “I meant what I said when I told you that I would protect you.  I intend to deliver you to Castle Lux, where you will be safe.”  Conviction filled his words and something inside of me whispered that I could trust him.  He was close enough to touch me now, but he didn’t so much as lift a finger in my direction.  He looked into my eyes and spoke in a whisper, his voice pleading.  “I beg of you, M…Dani, do not fear me.  I cannot bear to be the reason for the look upon your face.”   
The whisper became louder, asking that I trust him.  And I believed it, I believed him.  In spite of this new, terrifying knowledge, I felt safe with him…at least after the initial shock.  I couldn’t manage a verbal response so, I settled for few quick nods.
Only a foot of space separated us as we stood there, trapped in a mutual gaze.  My mind raced with questions, each vying for space at the front of my mind.  While I would’ve preferred to stand there and stare into his eyes indefinitely, there were questions that had to be asked, things I had to know.
“I can’t be a…a daughter of Connolly?  No, that’s not possible.  I’m not from around here.”  I told him again.
“Yes, I can see you are unfamiliar with the area.”  He replied as his eyebrows knitted together.
I bit my lower lip and studied him.  While he knew a lot, it was clear he did not know everything.  “No, I mean, I’m not from here at all.  It’s like I’ve fallen into a different place in time.  Where I’m from, we don’t talk like you or dress like you or live like you.”  
I watched him, gauging his reaction.  His full lips thinned and his pale green eyes narrowed.  And then a light bulb seemed to click as his face took on a look of wonder.  When he spoke it was mostly to himself.  “Of course.  It was assumed impossible but, that’s why it’s perfect.”  
I shook my head at him and blinked rapidly.  “I don’t ---“
He cut me off, almost excited now.  “You crossed realms!”  One look at my face and he knew further explanation was required.  “Everyone assumed you were cleverly hidden away somewhere, but here, in the Kingdom.  But you weren’t, you were sent away to the safest place possible…another realm!  That’s why it took Alec seventeen years to discover your location.  And that certainly explains the way you talk and your clothing.”
“To you, maybe.”  I was still lost.  “Who is ‘they’ and okay…no…just explain that first?”  My mind was so muddled the command came out in the form of a question.
A smile broke across his face.  He was happy to deliver this news.  “Your mother and father, and Soleil, of course.”
My mouth opened before the words caught up.  “Okay…I’m gonna blow right past the part where you said ‘Soleil’ because by my calculations she should be over two hundred years old and that is insanity.  But, hey that just seems to be par for the course now doesn’t it.”  He looked as confused by my words as I’d been by most of his.  “No, my parents are dead.  They died when I was eight months old.  You see, I can’t be a Connolly.”  
Liam scoffed, shaking his head and sending his dark waves swaying.  “Your mother and father are not dead.  They are alive and well.”  He argued.
My breaking point was fast approaching, anymore new information and I would spontaneously combust.  I sunk to the ground, drawing my knees to my chest and covered my face with my hands.  “I don’t want to talk about this anymore.  Not right now.  It’s just, it’s too much.”
I felt his hand touch my own and I stopped breathing.  He moved so quietly I hadn’t even noticed when he knelt down in front of me.  He slowly gathered one of my hands in his own and placed it upon my knee.  Then, he repeated the action with my other hand, exposing my face.  
“We do not have to.  Not until you are ready.  Not until you ask it of me will I speak of such things.”  His sincerity soaked every syllable.  I found it impossible to doubt anything he said when he spoke to me like that, with that look on his face.  He looked at me like I was precious and breakable and important.  No one, not even Jones had ever looked at me that way.
Then, he reached his hand tentatively toward my face.  When I didn’t flinch, he pressed his palm to my cheek and grazed his thumb across my skin.  My eyes closed as I pressed my face to his hand and I heard his sharp exhale, felt it on my face.  I drank in the moment greedily, branded this touch into my brain, because this touch was not required.  He wasn’t pulling me to my feet or helping onto his horse, he was just…touching me.  His hand was rough and calloused and I liked that.  His sea mist and sandalwood scent floated on the air.
I opened my eyes to find him studying my face and once again, I couldn’t remember what I’d been so upset about.  This moment was all that mattered and we were the only two people in the world. 
His gaze dropped to my mouth and I wanted so badly for him to close the distance between us.  It took every drop of self-control I commanded to keep from asking him to, telling him to.   Without warning, he broke the contact and stood up.  
Eyes wide, a multitude of emotions played over his features, finally settling on shock.  “I’m so sorry, forgive me.”  This time, he spoke to the ground.  Just like that the moment was over and he turned on his heel and strode off through the mouth of the cave.

Chapter 7

I was seated next to the strange blue flame, knees tucked beneath me staring alternately into the blue flame of the fire and out of the mouth of the cave.  I judged it to have been about an hour before he finally came strolling back into the cave.  
He emerged from the darkness, cloak billowing in the breeze, tendrils of his dark, now damp hair clung to his face.  In the absence of rain and the fact that his clothes were dry I concluded that he’d spent his time away bathing and that knowledge brought on a whole new round of thoughts that set my pulse pounding higher.  He glanced in my direction but didn’t meet my eyes.  “You should sleep, Milady.”  He said not unkindly, but detached all the same.  His face looked, what was that, anger or shame or…Oh.  I knew that look and my good great white shark but I was an idiot.  That look was regret.  
Of course it was, what had I been thinking?  
For a tiny little moment I let myself hope, begin to believe that he reciprocated my feelings or whatever it was going on inside me, even if only a little.  An impossible, ridiculous notion.  I could see that now, looking at him as he busied himself with random tasks like relocating a silvery bow and a quiver of arrows and taking inventory of the contents of a pack he carried on his saddle.  
I wanted to demand that he explain his behavior, make him admit to feelings I knew he couldn’t have for me.  Or, at the very least, tell me what he was thinking when he was touching me, looking at me with those impossibly green eyes that were filled with a thousand emotions.  
But, I just bit my tongue and didn’t speak a word.  To speak my thoughts would be pouring salt into the wound.  It would be purposefully foolish.  I was a lot of things, but purposefully foolish was not one of them, at least for the most part anyway.
So, I did the as he asked.  I lay down to sleep, but when I closed my eyes that golden moment between us played out in my head and I drifted away to it and dreamed of him.
***
Stretching and yawning, I woke but kept my eyes sealed tightly shut.  It was a cruel thing to be pulled from my dreams of him to face the reality that awaited.  I didn’t want to be awake, didn’t want to be looking at him not looking at me.  
The sun was up, even behind the cover of my eyelids I knew that.  It took some time to convince myself that I had to open my eyes eventually and to go ahead at get it over with.  When I did, I immediately and involuntarily looked toward the mouth of the cave, expecting him to be there on his guard, staring anywhere but in my direction.
That, however, was not what I found.  He was in the same spot he’d been the first time I woke in this cave, but he was not on his guard.  He sat leaned up against the wall of the cave, head tilted over to the side, body relaxed, sleeping soundly.  
All I could do was stare.  I watched as his chest rose and fell gently, memorizing the way his face looked as he slept.  Thick, black lashes rested softly on his cheeks, full lips parted slightly, face unmarred by worry or regret or anger, only serenity remained.
I couldn’t bring myself to rouse him, so I decided to freshen up and gather myself.  The bag he’d gotten in the village sat next to where I’d slept, so I peeked inside, hoping to find a spare dress.  Blessedly, he had brought me not one dress, but three.  In addition, other garments filled the bag and I blushed as I realized they were the equivalent of underwear.  I took a moment to be appropriately horrified that Liam had brought me these and then plucked out a fresh dress and a fresh, uh, underwear thing from the bag.  
As silently as I could, I padded out of the cave, past Liam and into the thick forest.  The same rich green leaves hung over head from the silvery branches of the trees and sunlight warmed my skin.  I closed my eyes, concentrating on sounds, trying to pick out babbling or trickling, intent on locating a water source.  Not a difficult task.  The sound of rushing water, while faint, was certainly audible.  
I opened my eyes once I’d determined which direction to take and followed the sound.  I noticed a slim, almost invisible path running close by and followed it.  Pure white flowers with large petals and pink centers peppered the path, giving off a fragrance that was like orange blossoms mixed with vanilla.  I snatched up a handful, planning to create makeshift perfume, since I lacked soap.  I walked on and as I’d hoped, the path led me to the water, where I was pleasantly surprised.  
Once again, a translucent pale green river slid over clear, wide stones and that was breathtaking all over again.  But, the real kicker here was that I was expecting a bath, and I would get a shower!  A low waterfall, spilled over a drop in the river bed, neatly tucked back into a hollow.   I smiled, excited by the thought of a shower, even if it was sans soap.
I hadn’t gone far, still close to the cave, but at least it was out of sight.  The waterfall was placed perfectly to provide privacy, which my sense of modesty appreciated.  I double checked to ensure Liam hadn’t woken and come in search of me, then quickly undressed and stepped into tranquil river.  
It was warm, like bath water and smelled like fresh rain.   I plunged beneath the surface, making my way to the waterfall.  I desperately needed this.  Emerging to my shoulders, I let the water flow over my head and down my face.  I scrubbed until my skin glowed a healthy pink and wrung my hair out before exiting the river.  I hadn’t thought about a towel and that was an issue, so I used my hands to slick the water from my skin as best I could.  Still damp, I regretfully patted most of the water away with my discarded dress.  That made me feel a little guilty, but it was a necessary evil.  I quickly pulled on the underwear, still embarrassed, and tugged the dress over my head, enjoying the feeling of velvet against my skin.  This dress was a silvery blue, the stitching and piping done in an iridescent, shimmery thread.  A square neckline exposed my clavicles and the dress fight tightly down to my waist, where the fabric flowed loosely.  I could easily do a split (that is if I were capable of such) in this dress.  The final touch was fluted sleeves that made me feel utterly feminine.  For all its girly flair, the dress allowed me to move and breath.  It was as practical as such a dress could be.
Happy with my wardrobe, aside from the part where I would’ve killed for a pair of boy short panties, I set to making my “perfume.”  I found a large stone near the river with a hollow in the top and crushed the flowers with a smaller stone I’d found.  Oils spilled from the petals and saturated the air with their scent.  I dipped my finger in the oil and rubbed it over the pulse points at my wrists and neck.  I smiled to myself, utterly pleased with my accomplishment.  
My ears pricked when a twig snapped behind me and I spun, assuming Liam had found me.  But, this was absolutely not Liam.  A greasy haired man, tall and overweight aimed a sparsely toothed smile in my direction.  
Oh, hell.
His smile was not welcoming or disarming, it was menacing.  I inhaled sharply and he looked me up and down, his intentions evident in his beady eyes.  “What an…unexpected treat.”  He said, licking his lips.    
Still standing in the hollow by the waterfall, I was trapped between him and the earth and stone at my back.  I would try and talk my way out of this and if that failed I would fight.  Those were really my only options.  
The decision made, I dug my toes into the sand and summoned my most commanding voice.  “You will not touch me.”
His answering smile was mocking as he stepped toward me, laughing now, obviously quite entertained by my words.  “Oh, I believe I will.”
While he stalked toward me, I reached down for the rock I’d used to pummel the flower and flung it at him.  It glanced off of his head, only succeeding in angering him.  His face turned beet red and his features contorted into a mask of rage.  “After I have you, I’ll share you with my friends for that one.”  He spat, eating up the distance between us in three quick strides.
He was on me now, I was out of time.  “Nooo!” I screamed, the word cutting through the peaceful forest like a hot knife through butter as the horror of the situation set in.  He grabbed the front of my dress and threw me to the sand.  I scrambled to get up, but in vain as he settled his full weight over my hips.  One hand reached down to grab a handful of my hair, wrenching my head back so far it hurt.  I could smell his rancid breath in my face as my hands flailed and smacked and scratched at him.
Laughing at me, he snatched my left hand with his free one and let go of my hair in exchange for my right one.  “I should throttle you for that, but I won’t mess up that pretty face just yet.”  Leaning close he whispered, “But when I’m done, I’ll beat you bloody black and blue.”  Clamping one hand over both of mine in the sand he leaned back again and reached down to undo his pants.  
At some point I’d started to cry, I didn’t know when, but the tears were streaming down my face now.  Hopelessness set in as I realized he was about to take something from me that I could never get back and in a vile and repulsive way.
He reached down to pull up the hem of my skirt and I squeezed my eyes shut, trying to go somewhere else, anywhere else in my mind.  I saw Liam’s face in my mind, heard him say my name, scream my name.  
The greasy man was still struggling to hike up my skirt when he grunted, but not in pleasure.  This sounded like pain.  My eyes snapped open to find the point of an arrow protruding from his shoulder.  Stunned, I stared at it wide-eyed watching the blood drip from the tip, trying to process what I was seeing.  The man was still straddling me, looking at the arrow with a mix of confusion and pain on his face.  I didn’t think it was a mortal wound, but I bet it hurt like hell, I hoped it hurt like hell.
Suddenly, he was wrenched off me and tossed to the side like a bag of garbage.  
Liam stood over me now, nostrils flared and jaw set as he stared down at the greasy man, his eyes violent and raging.  Head snapping back to me, his eyes widened for a moment before his face settled into a tortured expression.  He fell to his knees beside me as I tried to sit up.  When he realized what I wanted, he helped guide my body to an upright position.  My eyes searched for the man and Liam glanced in his direction as well, nostrils flaring again.  Looking back to me, his eyes searched for injuries, but aside from a few scrapes I was fine.  “Did he hurt you?”  He asked in a voice that was a mix of pain and anger. 
I shook my head quickly in response, glancing in the direction of the greasy man again who was stumbling to get to his feet.
Liam looked to him and back to me, cupping my face in his hands and brushing my hair from my face with his thumbs.  “You are safe now.”  He whispered, his face close to mine.
I nodded my head slightly staring into his eyes and whispered back.  “I know.”
“A moment?”  He asked, and though I was confused by his request, I nodded.  
He gently released me and stood spinning toward the man now attempting to crawl away, arrow still lodged in his shoulder.  Liam was pure power and beauty and rage as he reached down to snatch the man up by his collar and toss him onto his back.  Then, he knelt low over the man, grabbing the arrow beneath the pointed tip and circling it around like stirring coffee as the man screamed in pain.   
When Liam spoke, his words were low and full of venom.  “Look at my face…and memorize it.  Because, if you so much as ever think of her face again, mine will be the last face you see as I cut your still beating hear from your chest.”  Then, Liam drew back his fist and punched the greasy man full in the nose and the crunch of bone reverberated through the quiet.  Knocked out cold, the man’s head lolled to one side as blood poured from his nose.
With that, Liam stood and walked to me, gently scooping me into his arms.  Without a glance back, he carried me away from this nightmare.



Chapter 8
I spent the walk back to the cave with my face buried in Liam’s chest while he spent it murmuring softly that I was safe and that he was so sorry.  I kept meaning to tell him that it was okay, that I didn’t blame him and it wasn’t his fault, but I found it difficult to speak.  
Once we reached the cave, he set me carefully on the palate where I’d slept.  Kneeling in front of me, he looked me over, searching for injuries.  He attended the few small abrasions I had, cleaning them and then squeezing a thick liquid from leaves I couldn’t identify onto the cuts.  He finished by wrapping clean strips of linen he retrieved from his saddle bag, which seemed like overkill given the level of my injuries.  
I’d finally regained my ability to speak and started to tell him his efforts were unnecessary, but he silenced me with his simple and convincing, “Please.”    
That one word from his lips could have me parting with organs.  
So, I’d let him continue with no further protests.  When he was done, he eased back to sit, one leg stretched out in front of him, the other bent with his arm draped across it.  “Are you alright?”  He asked, studying my face.
I nodded in response and looked away at nothing.  “Who was he?”  I asked quietly and a shudder passed through me at the thought of what had almost been.
“I do not know, Milady.”  He responded, shame flooding his voice.
My gaze tracked back to him and I could see he was shouldering the blame, eyes downcast as a heavy sigh escaped him.  I had to set this right, had to ease his guilt.  I leaned forward and took his hand in both of mine without really having meant to.  “I don’t blame you.  You couldn’t have known…”  I trailed off.
He looked down at my hand wrapped around his and gently squeezed my fingers.  “That’s very gracious of you, Milady.”  From his tone, I knew I had done nothing to abate his guilt. 
I stared at him, waiting until his eyes met mine again.  “No, not gracious, only true.”
“Thank you all the same, then.”  He said as he released my hand.  Digging around in his bag, he came up with a cloth wrapped loaf of bread and some dried meat.  He offered me some and I took it willingly.  
I looked toward the mouth of the cave, thinking of my narrow escape.  A wave of nausea crashed over me as I ate in silence, promptly taking away my appetite and I put the food down after only a few bites.  
Liam looked at me and down at the food I’d discarded, but didn’t attempt to talk me into finishing the meal.  When he’d finished his own food, Liam started packing up our campsite then stopped abruptly, turning toward me.  “Are you well enough to travel?  If you are not ready, we will wait until you are.”  Those pale green eyes appraised me as if I may fall to pieces at any moment.
I swallowed air before answering.  “It’s fine, we can go.”
He seemed unconvinced and walked over to crouch in front of me where I still remained seated on the ground.  “You’re sure, Milady?”  
I leveled him with a look.  “That again?  I told you, my name is Dani.  Danielle Devane, actually but, you can call me Dani.  You may not call me Milady.  And yes, I am ready to go.”  
The look he gave me made me uneasy, like he knew things I didn’t know that were pivotal.  And, I figured that was entirely true but, I still didn’t want to face them.  Not yet.  
A small smile broke his heavy gaze then.  “Very well, Dani.”  
As if noticing it for the first time, he looked down at my dress and I realized then that it was splattered with drops of blood and torn in a few places.  Without a word, he reached and grabbed the bag that held the other dress and handed it to me.  I took it gratefully and changed inside the cave while he stood guard outside with his back to me.
I quickly pulled off the soiled dress and tossed it aside, happy to be rid of it.  
The last dress was frillier than the other two had been.  It was coral colored, beautiful and vibrant, and I even loved the way my auburn curls popped against the color as they flowed loosely down around my shoulders. The color was set off by white ruffles at the sleeves and around the neckline.  I gasped when I realized this dress apparently did magic tricks as it had actually managed to make me look as if I had a chest to speak of.  The fabric of the dress gathered and bunched my breasts in a way that provided the illusion of cleavage (which was insane to me because Dolly Pardon I was not).  Small, white ruffles trimmed the edges of the coral overlay that split at the front, revealing pure white ruffles that cascaded down to the ground. 
The new, clean dress had a calming effect, helping to erase some the dirtiness I’d felt after my encounter with the greasy man.  And of course there was Liam, who provided a feeling of security and something else I tried not to dwell on.
I emerged from the cave, feeling much better to leave the tattered dress behind me.  “Okay, I’m descent.”  I said as I stepped out of the cave.
Liam was busying himself with securing the saddle to the black stallion he rode and when he was satisfied with how tightly it fit to the horse he turned toward me.  He looked up at me and his every movement halted.  He surveyed me from head to toe, and tingles skated down my spine, the good kind.  His cheeks were a little pink when his eyes found mine.  “If I may…you…you look enchanting.”
The blood rushed to my own cheeks now. He walked slowly toward me and I looked to the ground.  “That’s the most...”  I trailed off.  Then in a whisper, meant for myself, “No one’s ever said anything like that to me before.”
I didn’t think he’d heard, but he’d closed most of the distance between us as I’d stared at the dirt, and he had.  He took my chin between his index finger and thumb and tipped my head back until I looked up at him.  “They should’ve done.”  He whispered.  
I stood there, under his spell, lost in his green eyes.  His words hit a nerve.  They brought to light something I’d never really considered before.  He looked at me as if he cared, like, really and truly cared for me.  Nobody else ever had.  Not my aunt, not Jones, no one.  
I’d always known that my aunt and I didn’t have the best relationship, always longed for what other parents and children seemed to share.  She kept me fed and clothed and she was never really mean to me, she just seemed…indifferent.  I guess maybe she was because I wasn’t family, not really.  
But, until this moment, I never realized what I was missing.  And my desperate heart clutched at the images forming in my mind, even as my brain worked furiously to beat them back.  I was aware of what could be and I wanted it.  Images flashed through my mind…Liam and I kissing, holding hands, laughing and happy.  They played out like scenes from a movie in my head.  I wanted those things, all of them, I wanted Liam.  
My mind screamed in warning.
Danger.  Danger.  Danger.
But, I was already gone.
I used to buy into that whole school of thought, you know, expect the worst and you’ll never be disappointed.
What a load of bull.  You could absolutely be disappointed.  Every day.
His hand moved from my chin to cup my face and he stepped closer, only a breath of air separated our bodies now.  
His pale green eyes were almost glowing as he looked at me and sparks danced inside my chest.  His eyes dropped to my mouth and his lips parted. 
I could make out warring emotions in his eyes and then one side emerged victorious as his expression became decided.  With his other hand, he reached up and laced his fingers into the hair at the nape of my neck.
Until this point, my hands had hung loosely at my sides.  I had feared to move, afraid he may spook again, like he had before.  But my self-control was long gone now and I reached out a hand and placed it on his arm at the crook of his elbow while the other hand gripped the material of his shirt at his waist.
My body hummed its approval and my breath came out in a small gasp as my eyes found his lips.  
He tipped his head down and I could feel his warm breath against my skin.  He pulled my face gently toward his own and my eyes closed in anticipation, fingers tightening around his arm.
The earth shuttered and at first I thought it was like when people talk about the ‘earth moving’ in a moment like this, but then I heard it.  
Hoof beats.  Lots of them, so many more than I’d heard even that night in the woods.
My eyes shot open and I looked at Liam as he stared back at me with wide eyes that matched my own.  He turned on the spot while retrieving the bow I hadn’t known was slung across his back.  
Liam nocked an arrow just before a banner popped into sight.  The only thing I could make out about the flag was that it was cream colored, not black.  That seemed to mean what I hoped it would because Liam lowered his bow.
Pressing myself closer behind him, I tugged on the back of his shirt.  “Who are they?”
He turned only his heel and looked at me to respond.  “The Knights of Castle Lux.”  



Chapter 9
The Knights of Castle Lux got an A for showmanship, I’d give them that.  Like a scene from an epic movie I would’ve loved, banners flapped proudly in the breeze as they made their way to us.  They rode up in a loose formation, but the discipline in their ranks was unmistakable.  Their numbers had to be topping fifty easily.   
The banner I couldn’t quite make out before was clear now.  A simple golden sun, not quite identical to my birthmark, but similar enough that goose bumps rose on my arms, was woven into a cream colored background.  Despite the simplicity of the design, it seemed appropriate and regal.  It wasn’t flashy or extravagant, but the Knights who rode beneath the colors did so proudly.  I could feel it.  
It wasn’t that annoying, unbearable, entitled type of pride, this was far different from that.  I could see it on their faces that every soul here felt honored to ride beneath those colors.  
I stepped out to the side a little, but still kept partially behind Liam.  About 20 yards shy of us, the procession halted.  I noticed a man sitting atop a fine horse the color of buckskin with a mane like corn silks and a matching tail.  
I gasped when I spotted the golden crown encrusted with rubies and emeralds that rested on his head.  “Is that a…I mean is that the…Is he the King?”
Liam looked back over his shoulder at me with a strange expression on his face and nodded.
“Holy crap.”  I responded and Liam’s eyes widened in response, then the corner of one side of his mouth pulled up slightly before he faced forward again.  I’d never been in the presence of royalty before.  The closest I’d ever come was reading tabloid headlines about the royal family in England in line at the supermarket.  I felt like I should bow or something, but I was too shocked to move.  
The King dismounted, as did the two knights to either side of him, but I scarcely noticed that.  The King had my attention and I studied him like there would be a test on him later.
The crown was nestled into his chestnut colored curls peppered with gray, that fell to just above his ears.  He had a handsome face with laugh lines that were present in the smile he was aiming at me.  He was tall and just beginning to lean toward stocky.  The skin at the corners of his bright hazel eyes crinkled with his smile.  A cream colored cloak was draped around his shoulders over a matching tunic, both outlined with thick, gold stitching, that bore the same sun emblem from the banners.  Thin discs, like the ones on Liam’s belt circled his waist, only they were golden.  Simple brown pants and boots completed his ensemble. 
Out of my peripheral vision, I noticed Liam kneel.  I looked to him and he was on one knee, head bowed and he uttered a single word.  “Sire.”
I looked back to the King and back at Liam, then feel awkwardly to my knees and bowed my head as well.  The King was moving quickly toward me and my heart leaped into my throat.  I was sure I was in trouble, I hadn’t done the bowing thing correctly I was certain.  Maybe that was a capital offense here.
I didn’t dare look up.  “I’m sorry, I know I didn’t do that right.”  I said to the ground.  The words came out in a rush, but the ground was very understanding.  Liam turned his head slightly to me and gave me a very reserved, but knowing smile…like he was in on a joke I wasn’t.
The King crouched down in front of me and spoke so low only Liam and I could hear.  “Sweet girl, you do not bow to me.”  He said in a rich baritone.
I looked up at him from beneath my lashes and a disarming smile warmed his face.  I responded with a tentative smile of my own.  “Why not?”  I said, my tone low to match his.  
He took a deep breath and his smile saddened a little.  “You are as beautiful as your mother.  I always knew you would be.”  I could barely hear what he said next for my own pulse pounding in my ears.  “You are the Princess of Avenlore, but more than that, you are my daughter.”  
And that…is when I blacked out.
***
As I emerged from unconsciousness, I became acutely aware of two men bickering nearby.  One voice I did not recognize but, the other was unmistakably Liam.  I opened my eyes to find the King and several of the knights circled around me looking worried and unsure of what to do.  
“Are you all right, my dear?”  The King asked.  I blinked a few times and nodded in response. 
Had he really just told me I was his daughter? 
I sat up slowly with his assistance, eyes searching for Liam.  I found him through a hole in the circle several feet away.  I could only see the boots of the man he was arguing and the pommel of his sword, it stood out because it was white where the others were silver.  The rest of him was blocked from my sight by a guard standing in the circle around me. 
Liam was speaking with his voice slightly raised, hands animated to emphasize his words.  “She is not ready to know everything!”
The other voice responded just as passionately.  “Oh and you know what’s best for her?  She deserves to know who she is, the blood that runs through her veins, the reason for her absence.”  
Liam ran a hand through his hair and let out a long breath before speaking.  “Of course she does, but it should be on her terms.  Forcing it on her is unwise.  You see how well she responded to this last bit of know--.”  He gestured in my direction, then looked toward me.  He stopped mid-word when his eyes met mine.  He dropped to one knee and looked at me from beneath the dark fringe of his lashes.  “Forgive me, Princess.”
I stared back at him, unsure of what to say or do.  Like dominoes, the Knights all began to fall to one knee, heads bowed.  I realized this show of respect was for me and I had no idea what to do with that.
I glanced toward the King who was looking at me apologetically.  As my eyes roamed over the scene, I spotted the white pommel again.  I also spotted the face that went with it.  Apart from Liam, he was the only one whose eyes were on me.   
There must be something in the water.
Dark mahogany curls threw a sharp contrast to his vivid, clear blue eyes.  They were different, electric, deep set and outlined in long, dark lashes.  They were almost as beautiful as Liam’s, almost.  His face was mapped out in attractive planes, cheek bones prominent, but not feminine, jaw angular.  His nose was slim and proportioned to his face appropriately, but imperfect, crooked.  His lips weren’t thin, but not full either but that didn’t matter, there was something pleasant in the set of his mouth.  
And he exuded a certain something.  That thing that’s intangible and difficult to explain but absolutely there.
I broke our mutual gaze to glance at Liam and found his expression uneasy, almost offended.  I looked down, unable to hold his gaze and realized he was still kneeling.  They were all still kneeling.  My head swiveled slowly back toward the King.  “How do, um…could you make them get up please?”  I asked sheepishly.
He gave me a warm smile then turned toward his Knights.  “Rise.  Make ready, we ride soon.”  They were instantly in motion, following the command.  All but Liam and the man he’d been arguing with.  
They exchanged a look of mutual distaste and then both set off in my direction.  The King helped me to my feet and suddenly I was standing face to face with the blue-eyed stranger.  He continued to study me, like I was a puzzle or a chess board.  
“My Dear, allow me to present Sir Nikolas of House Belmont, head of the royal guard and Captain of the Knights of Castle Lux.”  The King said proudly.  
All I could think was he looked awfully young to hold such lucrative titles.
“A pleasure, Princess.”  Sir Belmont said smoothly as he bent at the waist.
“Um, likewise, S—Sir Belmont.  I’m Dani.”  I replied, extending my hand.  I was thinking handshake, but he took my hand and placed a lite kiss on it, his lips lingering a beat longer than necessary.  Then he shot me a grin I was sure had caused many a girl to go weak in the knees.  He had one of those megawatt smiles that lit up his face.  It was equal parts charm and mischief.  It was trouble, he was trouble.  
“Call me Nikolas.”  He said simply, still aiming that dangerous smile at me.
Despite myself, I felt the blood rush to my cheeks.  I glanced toward Liam, but his expression was unreadable.  I looked back to the King and realized I didn’t even know his name.  “What do I, I mean…what is your name?”
His eyes saddened at my question.  “How rude of me, of course I should’ve introduced myself.  I am Elias of House Connolly, King of Avenlore.”   
I thought it was a good name, it sounded like E-lie-us.  It was melodic and pleasing to the ear.  In my opinion, it was just what a King’s name should be.
“I like that name.  It’s a good name.”  I said with a small smile and some of the sadness in his eyes retreated.  Then something dawned on me.  “Wait…if you’re…you said you were my,”  I paused, rolling the word over in my mind, “father?” 
The king hesitated, like I would spook at sudden movement.  “Yes.”  He said quietly.
I nodded, several times, all quick and choppy.  “Okay, and you were born here.”  I’d meant for it to come out as a statement, but it was more like an accusation.   
“Yes…as were you.”  King Elias said slowly.
“And…what is my name, I mean…what did you name me?”  I asked slowly.
King Elias smiled.  “We named you Danica, actually.  It means, morning star.”  He said proudly.
It was a pretty name, I had to admit that.  Definitely an improvement over Danielle, which is just the feminine form of Daniel.
I nodded frantically again.  “Huh.”  I squeaked out.  I looked at him, eyes wide.  “How do I know you are telling me the truth, how do I know you’re not the bad guys?”
The King’s thick brows knitted together as he looked down at me.  “I am afraid I have no proof that is definitive.  Trust is simply a choice you will have to make.”  He spoke to me softly, his voice soothing.
I looked into his hazel eyes, knowing he meant me no harm, and somehow knowing he was my father.  Somewhere inside of me, something recognized him…remembered him.
The knights and Liam were giving us a respectable amount of room, but they were plenty close enough to hear every word and I became aware of all their eyes again.  “Okay, I trust…I trust you.”  I could have sworn I heard a collective sigh of relief.  I could feel the power of someone’s stare and turned to meet those electric blue eyes.  “What?”  I asked defensively.
He smirked.  “Nothing, Princess.  I am just relieved that you have chosen to trust.  It would have been a shame to have to haul you up over my shoulder and drag you home kicking and screaming.”
Several of the knights close by thought this was quite funny and even the King chuckled.  “Enough now, Nik.  Sweet girl, you may find Sir Belmont to be somewhat of an acquired taste.”
I was still shocked Nikolas had said such a thing to me and I turned my attention to him again.  “Excuse me?”
“Please do not be offended, Princess.  I only meant I intended to get you home safely.  Safe and happy is desirable, certainly, but happiness could be acquired later…your safety is paramount and must be immediate.”  With that he gave me his dazzling, mischievous grin and turned to bark out orders to his men.
I stared after him in disbelief for a moment longer than I should have.  
King Elias studied Liam as he walked toward me a moment later, then finally joined us where we stood.  “And what is the name of the man who took such good care of my daughter?”  He looked at me and his expression seemed to ask if it was okay to call me that.  I nodded and gave him a small smile.  It really was okay with me, odd, but still okay.  The whole thing was daunting, but there was something familiar and comforting about him, my father.  
Liam bent at the waist, then spoke.  “I am Liam of Shirebrook, Sire.  My intention was to deliver the Lady to Castle Lux, where she would be safe, but when I learned the Black Knights were riding, I thought it best she be escorted by a proper regimen.  That’s when I sent the letter.  I’d intended to meet you in the next town, as the letter said, but we were delayed.”  
He looked to me and I shook my head only enough for him to notice.  The unspoken plea for him to keep the events of this morning between us in my eyes.  His head moved infinitesimally to affirm he would not speak of it.
“Well, I am forever indebted to you, Liam of Shirebrook.  Name what you will and it is yours as a show of my gratitude.”  My father (King Elias) said as he clapped Liam on the back and gave him a warm smile.
“I only wish for her safety, Sire.  Nothing more.”  Liam turned his gaze on me and sparks danced inside me once more.  
This time, Nikolas spoke, having returned from his order barking.  “Your services are greatly appreciated, Sir.  You have my word she will come to no harm.  May your journey be safe.”  The words were not unkind, but obviously a dismissal.  
Liam looked to the ground and nodded his assent.  There was loneliness that hung about him, a sadness as he turned to walk toward his horse, one that had been there all along, really, and I realized for all I knew, this would be the last time I ever saw him.
That was not okay with me.
“No!”  I said with all the finality I could muster.  Liam stopped and turned to look at me, eyes boring into my soul.   Looking back at…my father, the King, I continued.  “I will not leave without him.”
“Sweet girl, whatever you need is yours.”  My father told me as he took my hand tentatively and gave it a gentle squeeze.  
“But, Your Grace…Princess, you do not know him.”  Nikolas begged.  To his credit, he seemed genuinely concerned.
I leveled him with a look.  “I know him better than you.”
“Nikolas, if he wanted to harm her, he could’ve done, many times over.  She is safe.  He has not touched her.”  My father said to him kindly.  Then looking back to Liam he added, “and if by chance young Liam becomes a threat, you have my blessing in parting his body from his head.”  It was said in jest, but the truth of the words was still there.
Nikolas looked from him to me and nodded, his smirk returning.
Liam had made his way back to us now.  He looked to me and then turned his gaze on my father.  “Sire, by my life or limb, I will protect the princess.”  He looked back to me and I blushed from my toes to the crown of my head.
My father seemed to be satisfied for the present.  “Then it is done.  If my daughter trusts you, so do I.” He clapped Liam on the back, nearly knocking him to his knees.  “Make your horse ready.  We ride for Castle Lux.” 


    
Chapter 10
I was going to help Liam pack up our campsite and question him in private about his message to my father which he’d failed to mention to me.  He assured me quickly that he would gather our things and I should stay with my father while he took care of it.  And that’s what he said, ‘your father,’ and those words spoken aloud blew my mind.  I was trying to think of him that way in my head and even then my mind balked at the term.  Hearing it said out loud, especially by someone else was surreal.  I’d never called anyone that so far as I could remember.  
I’d wanted a father, dreamed of it but, fathers weren’t like flowers, you couldn’t just plant a seed and grow one.  Having one of my very own seemed so far outside the realm of possibility that now I felt like this was all a fantastic dream that I would soon wake from.  
So far though, I hadn’t woken up.  If this was a dream, I was going to enjoy it, soak it up and ride it to its conclusion.  I realized I liked the sound of ‘your father’ and I let myself be happy about the way the King beamed when he heard the words from Liam’s mouth.  If I could get used to calling him “Dad” in my head, then eventually I would be able to say it out loud.  I reveled in the warmth that spread through me.  Maybe this wasn’t the dream, but the reality, and my old life was fast becoming a distant memory.
Even with the scary prophecy and the overwhelming, newfound knowledge of my history, I preferred this place where I had a family and people who looked at me like they cared, like I mattered.      
And I had every intention of revisiting the whole, ‘your mother’ comment, but I wasn’t ready to cross that bridge just yet.  I had about a million questions that needed to be answered, but I wasn’t ready to ask them.  So, if no one was going to force the knowledge on me, I was okay with that.
My father pulled me from my thoughts by taking my hand, excitement glittering in his eyes.  “Come Sweet Girl, I have something to show you.”  Then he yelled to someone I couldn’t see, “Samuel, let’s have it then!”
I couldn’t help the grin that spread across my face in response to his enthusiasm.  His emotions had an infectious quality, not just to me I noticed, but the man who looked up in response to the command grinned happily and nodded before disappearing into the ranks.
My father stopped just short of the lines and turned to me.  “I’ve brought you a gift, I hope very much that you will like it.”  He turned and looked expectantly toward the lines, waiting, and then his face lit up.  
My gaze drifted toward the lines as well and my insides twisted as I saw the gift he was so proud of.  
A horse.  
It was no doubt beautiful with a well-muscled, slim body, almost white with faded black speckles peppering its coat.  A silky black mane flowed from its head and its black tail nearly reached the ground.  
My father continued to look on the horse proudly.  To him, I was sure it was an exquisite work of nature.  To me, it was…well, it scared the pygmies out of me.  
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Liam return. I glanced over at him and he measured my expression, then looked toward the horse.  “Oh.”  That was all he said, but he knew my stance on horses and that was clear in his tone.
His comment caught my father’s attention and he noticed my face for the first time.  I tried to replace my no doubt horrorstruck expression with a smile, but from the look on his face, I’d failed.  He interpreted it incorrectly, assuming it didn’t fit my particular taste in horses.  “She’s a bit young I know, but she comes from excellent stock.  She’s amazingly fast and graceful.  A bit spirited, but I think she will do well for you, My Dear.”  To drive the point home, she pranced about in obvious agitation, thrashing her head.  My eyes widened and I took a few steps back.
My father’s attempt to win me over to the horse was heartwarming, but I heard only two things.  Fast and spirited.  I was not interested in horses, especially ‘amazingly fast’ horses and I was pretty sure that spirited translated to crazy.    
I hated to let him down, especially so early in our relationship, but there was no way I was getting on that thing.  “Uh…King…Sir, I’m not really a horsewoman…uh…person.”  He looked crest fallen, but gave me a smile anyway.  I tried to explain further.  “I don’t know how to ride one of those.”  
This was obviously the wrong thing to say.  
Relief washed over his features and he placed a hand on my shoulder, smiling broadly.  “We shall remedy that very soon, Sweet Girl.  We have the finest riding master in all the country!  You can begin your lessons with him as soon as you like and you’ll be riding in no time!”
Oh, that is just excellent.           
Through my teeth and a fake smile I responded.  “Great.”  It seemed to please him, though.  
Liam stepped up to save me then.  “Your Grace, she may ride with me, if you desire.”
My father looked to me, eyebrows raised in question.  “Is that what you wish, my dear?”
Absolutely.
“That’s fine.”  It took an effort to keep my response neutral.
My father nodded, then turned to climb onto his own horse and I watched as they led my horse away.  All around us, men were climbing onto their mounts, so Liam helped me up onto the back of his black stallion.  This time, I used the stirrup and everything.
When Liam climbed on behind me, my father’s lips thinned and his mouth pulled out into a flat line.  Evidently, in theory, sharing a horse with Liam was not a problem.  In practice, however, it seemed to be a difficult pill to swallow.  
When he noticed me watching him, he quickly recovered.  “Are you ready?”  He asked kindly.
I nodded my response.  
He, in turn, nodded to Nikolas who shot a mistrusting glare at Liam before trotting forward to deliver orders to one of the Knights.  
The way the Knights fell into formation reminded me of marching band, only the movement was much more fluid and flawless than any high school band I’d ever seen.  They flowed out like ripples in a pond, with Liam, my father, Nikolas, and me at the center.
In a voice that was all business, Nikolas gave the command to march.  Then he rode forward to a group of men and told them something that resulted in four of them splitting off from the procession and riding quickly ahead.  His age seemed to be of no consequence to the others as they obeyed without question.  I judged him to be a few years older than me, Maybe twenty-one or twenty two.   
Even my father looked at him with pride and admiration.  Right now, in the role of Captain of the Knights, Nikolas owned his authority.  He was one of those people, a born leader. 
Liam’s breath at my ear pulled me from my thoughts.  “It truly is a beautiful horse.”  I could hear the smile in his voice.  
“Well, stars are beautiful, but that doesn’t make it a good idea for me to try and ride one.”  I felt this was a perfectly valid point.
He chuckled a little before continuing.  “A well-bred horse is a fine gift.  He only meant to please you.”  His words were delivered in a kind, yet matter of fact way.
I tucked my hair behind my ear and let out a sigh.  “I know.  I wish I could’ve been more excited.  I’m afraid of them, I’m afraid of this one.”  I pointed to the horse beneath me.  “I only continue to ride him because he has a proven record, so far, of not trying to throw me off or, you know, eat me or something.  And that other horse is spirited.”  The last word came out like a curse.  I didn’t bother to mention that riding Liam’s horse had the added bonus of his close proximity.
 Liam laughed again.  “I’d say she does indeed suit you then.”
“Har-Har.  I’m not a danger to anyone.”  I stated the obvious.
“I beg to differ.  You kicked me or do you not remember?”  I could hear the smile again.
“Apples and oranges.  What’s your horse’s name, anyway?”  I asked as I lightly touched the beasts black mane.  
“I call him Rogue.”  
I turned to look at him.  “Is that what you are as well?  A rogue?”  His eyebrows inched up his head and I grinned.  
Suddenly, I felt very self-conscious, like I was being watched.  Looking around, I realized we had an audience.  Multiple pairs of eyes were zoned in on us watching our exchange with expressions that varied from indifference to curiosity to disapproval.  
Then, there was Nikolas, who looked as if he was attempting to bore a hole through Liam’s head using only his eyes.  
Liam must’ve noticed too because I felt his body tense.
Nikolas caught me watching and turned away, but took his time about it.
Fortunately, my father was oblivious to the three of us and chatted happily to a Knight riding beside him.  He would occasionally glance back, like he was checking to see if I was still there, but he’d missed the intense gazes being fired about.  I appreciated the way he was willing to give me space and allow me to acclimate to this new world filled with new people and new family and new problems.  
Not everyone would have been so patient, but he was and I liked him more each minute for that.  
I felt a concentrated stare again and looked to Nikolas.  When I met with his bright blue eyes, a strange sensation passed through me, like something pulling me in his direction.  His eyes flicked to Liam.  
There was a question that had been weighing on my mind and I had to ask.  “Do you and Nikolas know each other?”  
“Not at all, though, I’ve heard of him.  Until today I’d never had the…pleasure of making his acquaintance.”  He gripped the reins tightly and clicked at the horse, who responded by picking up his pace by marginally until we’d pulled ahead of Nikolas and his heated glares.
“Why were the two of you arguing anyway?”  I said, turning to glance at him.
“When you fainted, I tried to explain that you were having some difficulty adjusting to so many changes at once.  King Elias seemed understanding, Nikolas did not.  He was rather…upset that I had not divulged your lineage and status in our realm.”  
“Hmm.  He seems to have taken an awfully strong dislike to you, being as how he doesn’t know you and all.”  I believed Liam when he said they didn’t know each other, but I couldn’t understand why Nikolas responded so strongly to his presence given the lack of history between them.
“So it would seem.”  Liam said, but didn’t elaborate his feelings on the subject further.
“How far is Castle Lux?”  I asked as I fingered the knob thingy on the front of the saddle.
“Not too far.  We should make it there sometime tomorrow, possibly in the morning.”  He answered, but I could tell his head wasn’t really in our conversation now.
“How did you get word to them so fast, you said you sent a letter, but how did they get it so fast?”  Then I thought of something else.  “And if we won’t make it to Castle Lux until tomorrow, then how did they reach us in like half a day?”
“I sent the letter by messenger dove and the Guard had already left the castle.  They were searching for you.”  He said carefully.
That caught me off guard.  “Searching for me?  Since when?”  I whisper yelled.
He let out a slow breath and I shivered as it danced along the back of my neck.  “I imagine since the moment you arrived here, if not before.” 
“Oh.  How…how did they know I was here?”  I ran my finger in light circles over my birthmark.  Something else I should ask about...later.
He answered quietly.  “I do not know the answer to that.  That will be a question better suited for your father.”  
I had one more burning question that I had to ask right now and the stress of the day leaked into my voice.  “Is my mother the…is she the queen?”  
He reached over and grazed his thumb lightly over my forearm to comfort me.  “She is.”
“Do you think she’ll be at the castle when we get there?”  I whispered.  The possibility both terrified and excited me.
He leaned toward me to deliver his answer with a reassuring smile.  “Yes, I do.”



Chapter 11
We rode through the forest for a long while on a narrow roadway that cut through the wood.  By late afternoon, the woods began to thin and gave way to smaller trees, planted in perfect rows set in a field.  I recognized them immediately.  
“Is that an orchard?”  I said loud enough that several men turned to look at me.
It was my father who answered.  “It is, Sweet Girl.  This place is Glinhaven, we have reached the outlying lands of Castle Lux.”
The orchard trees strained under the weight of the fat, purple grapes that dangled in bunches from spindly branches.  The trees were perfectly healthy, it’s just that the grapes were by in large healthier.
Past the fat grapes, the land spread out in rich green and gold fields along the rolling hills to one side, alternating like a patchwork quilt.  To the other side, a sea of lavender and white wildflowers swayed gently, bordered by a flat glassy lake the color of Liam’s eyes.   Far in the distance, I could make out the white caps of a mountain range that sat surveying the land majestically.  
“So, will we get there tonight?  To Castle Lux, I mean.”  I asked my father, hoping we’d made better time than Liam thought we would.
He shook his head and glanced toward the sun where it sank toward the horizon.  “We will make camp soon, we’re losing the light.”  He gave me his signature warm smile again.  “Tomorrow, before noon.”  He turned and pointed to a clump of trees near the lake.  “Nikolas, I think that will do nicely.”
Nikolas pulled the reins toward the left and brought his horse closer to my father’s.  “As you wish, Your Grace.  I shall send Forster after the scouts.”
I figured that must’ve been the party he’d sent out ahead of us earlier.  
The Knights quickly went to work setting up camp by pitching tents and watering horses.  They broke out canteens and unpacked more of the dried meat that I’d decided wasn’t so bad.  A few gathered some of the juicy grapes from the orchard up the hill.  
Liam went to feed and water Rogue and returned bearing grapes.  “You knew I wanted to try them, didn’t you?”  I said excitedly when he handed over the fruit.
He ran a hand through his locks and laughed.  Warmth spread through me as I watched what an honest smile did to his face.  
He looked up at me and saw me watching him and the smile slowly faded from his face.  His green eyes smoldered as he looked at me in a way I was becoming familiar with.  That way where I felt like a book whose pages were open to him and he was hanging on every word.  
That look did things to me and my good grief I wanted him to kiss me now.  I wanted to feel his mouth cover mine and tangle my fingers in the soft waves of his hair.  I’d seen this look enough now and was convinced it was not just my imagination running wild and dreaming up things that couldn’t possibly exist.  
He felt something.  
I wasn’t sure how strongly or even what it was exactly, but it was there.  I, of course, undeniably felt something.  
Nikolas chose this inopportune moment to interrupt.  “Princess, is there anything you need?”  The strangest thing happened then.  I felt a tingling and turned to find Nikolas holding to my hand, his blue eyes watching in fascination as he stared at my hand in his.  I knew what he was looking for, I was looking for it too.  There was feeling spreading up my arm, pulsing through my body, and it originated from our joined hands.  
“She’s fine.”  Liam’s words were low, but full of loathing, effectively snapping Nikolas and me out of our strange moment.
Nikolas broke the contact and looked into my eyes as though he were lost.  The reaction for both of us to the words spoken was delayed, but I caught up as my mind registered what Liam had said…and how he’d said it.  It shocked the hades out of me.     
From the look on Nikolas’ face, the same went for him.
Liam’s eyes widened as they settled on me.  “I…I am so sorry.  I do not know what has come over me.” He ran his hand over his face and looked at the ground in stunned silence.
Nikolas looked from Liam to me and back to Liam and mumbled, “I do.”
Liam’s eyes snapped back up to meet with Nikolas’.  He took a beat, breathing deeply in and then back out before addressing me again.  “I am so very sorry, Dani.”
Nikolas looked almost as shocked now as he had earlier.  “You dare to address her so informally?”  He turned to stalk toward Liam, who sent me another apologetic look before pinning Nikolas with a steely one.  I saw the hand that hung by his sword twitch at his side.
I was unbelievably glad my father was not witnessing this little fit of testosterone between the two.
I marched up behind Nikolas and grabbed his sleeve.  At my touch, he halted immediately and turned to look down at my hand.  His eyes slowly found mine and I knew what he was feeling.  The sensation returned, spreading again from the same place it had stopped before, like its mission wasn’t complete yet and it was trying to come full circle.  I jerked my hand away, uneasy with the sensation, unsure of what it meant.  
I got my bearings and said my piece to Nikolas.  “He calls me that because I have asked him to.  Repeatedly.”  I delivered the words in such a way that I hoped was kind, yet final.
Nikolas studied me again like he had before, only this time he seemed to find the answer he was looking for and it was one that pleased him.  His eyes softened, but never left mine.  
Then, I heard the earsplitting scream.  
Nikolas was the first to react, reaching an arm around me and dragging me behind his back even as he drew his sword with the other hand.  This time I didn’t feel the strange tingling, but had no time to ponder on it.  I blinked and Liam stood next to me facing the direction of the screams just like Nikolas, an arrow nocked and looking for a target.
Like a chorus, the sound of swords being drawn from their sheaths rose up on all sides.  Knights were mounting their horses and shouting words I couldn’t concentrate on.
Nikolas’ command was the only one I understood.  “ARCHERS!”
Men who had seconds ago been joking, laughing, and pitching tents were now all business as they fell into formation at Nikolas’ words.  Knives, bows, arrows, swords and a multitude of other weapons I couldn’t properly identify were unsheathed, nocked, and at the ready…every eye focused and searching for danger.  
The wagons had been circled.
Oh, no.
I still had no idea what was going on.  I looked around frantically in the dusky light for the source of the screaming.  When I found it, my stomach turned. 
One of the scouts was riding furiously toward us, bellowing his warning for all he was worth.  Scarlet stained his cream tunic, but he rode with such conviction and dedication that he seemed unaware of his injury.  A chill ran down to my bones when I finally made out his words as he shouted them again.  “BLACK RIDERS!”
Then, the scout’s body jolted and he slumped forward, falling off the horse.  I couldn’t understand why at first, but then I could see feathered fletchings of two arrows reaching up and out of his back once his body hit the ground.
Liam and Nikolas cursed at the same time.  
Nikolas screamed another command.  “FIRE AT WILL!”  
Just like the first time, I felt the Earth tremble beneath the feet of their horses.  I trembled as well. 
There didn’t seem to more than fifteen, possibly twenty.  But Liam had said something about them being faster and stronger than a human should be and I wasn’t sure how much our numbers would matter as a result of that.
They were closing quickly, maybe a minute or so before the two sides met.  I searched frantically for my father now.  I had just met him, I barely knew him and now I was afraid I’d never get the chance.  My eyes darted around and after a few seconds, I spotted him riding toward us, a sword in his hand as well.  All traces of his sunny smile were gone from his face in this moment.  He looked at me as if his heart was breaking and then spoke to Nikolas.  “You will keep her safe.”
Nikolas nodded and said simply,  “Always.”  I had a new respect for Nikolas in that moment.  Not because it was so important that he protect me, but because his loyalty was so real it was almost tangible.
My father was satisfied with his answer as well and he turned to me.  “I will see you soon, Sweet Girl.”  With that, he charged forward,  as his deep baritone bellow pierced the air. “DEFEND!  DEFEND!”
Tears began to pour from my eyes as I watched him ride away.  
I felt helpless as the battle began.  The din of metal against metal surrounded us, here in the center of the guard.  
Liam steadily loosed arrows and so far as I could tell, he never missed his mark.  Too soon, he traded the bow for a sword.  Nikolas stood at the ready, a sword for each hand.  The enemy was that close now.  
All at once, everywhere I looked men were engaged in battle.  I could see how the Black Knights seemed inhumanly powerful.  But still, there was something to be said for good old determination…and also swords that gave off an ethereal glow in the hands of the Knights of Castle Lux.
I didn’t know how, but I knew they were pivotal in keeping the Black Knights from plowing through them.  The only one here who didn’t have such a sword was Liam.
But he had something up his sleeve.  His sword looked like the blade was carved of ice I noticed now.  He and Nikolas were now both engaged on either side of me and I stood there feeling stupid and useless.  
For every stroke that fell on Liam’s blade, a surge of blue current was conducted down his opponent’s sword, visibly denting the superior strength with each blow.
I stood there, alternating between watching Nikolas as he fought and Liam as he did the same.  
I watched as Nikolas sliced and parried, the swords working as if they were extensions of his hands.  The Black Knight ran head long toward Nikolas and I feared for him as I realized the blow would do detrimental damage.  
But I had underestimated him.  
He knelt to one knee and slid in toward the scraggly, bearded man as he jumped toward Nikolas, swinging his ax, intending to connect with flesh and bone.  Spinning beneath the bearded man as he flew through the air above him, Nikolas buried the length of his sword just beneath the sternum…the weak point of their armor.  The body hit the ground with a dull thud and Nikolas withdrew his sword and drug his forearm across his face, wiping away the beads of sweat that dotted his head.  
He looked back to me and I felt relief when I saw he was unharmed.  I quickly turned to Liam who was swinging his sword through the air and I realized he’d just deprived the body he was fighting of its head.  Another wave of relief washed over me.
I searched the fighting for my father, but my eyes stalled as I spotted one of the Black Knights with his gaze trained on Liam.  He raised his arm and I saw he held the handle of a long, curved blade.  He was much too far away to swing it at Liam and make contact, but it turned out that was never his intention.  
To my horror, the Black Knight brought his arm forward and with a flick of his wrist the blade was flying through the air.  I knew where its trajectory would take it.  The path it was on would end in Liam’s skull and he was completely oblivious, back turned and unaware.
“NOOOOOOOO!”  I screamed, raising my hand and wishing I could stop the blade as it spun.
And then…the blade halted as if frozen in mid-air as if it had heard my silent plea buried in my screams and had decided to comply.  I stared at it and my raised left hand, with a faintly glowing blue sun outlined against my skin.
Did I just do that? No, not possible.
Liam had turned at the sound of my scream and stared at the blade that hung in the air, inches from his face.  The Black Knight who’d thrown the blade stood staring in disbelief as well.
Nikolas placed a hand on my shoulder, his voice was concerned and kind when he spoke.  “Princess.”   
I let my arm fall and the blade followed suit as if they were connected, falling to the ground with a heavy thud.  Then, the world jumped into fast forward again.  
The battle was still in full swing all around us and Liam turned toward Nikolas and me, eyes still wide in shock.  As more Black Knights trickled through the lines, he looked to me with a pained expression on his face.  Then he looked at Nikolas, his face full of resolve.  “Get her away from here!”  He shouted.
The next thing I knew, Nikolas had hauled me up onto a saddle and we were cutting through the night as fast as the steed could carry us.



Chapter 12
I couldn’t tell you what direction we rode in, or how much time had passed.  I spent the ride in a nearly catatonic state, not speaking, movements passive.  Nikolas would occasionally take my face and gently turn it so that he could look into my eyes.  I wasn’t clear on what he was searching for there, and I was too numb to ask.  I was vaguely aware of the way my skin felt when he touched me, the tingling returned, feeling like hundreds of pleasant little sparks were dancing upon my skin.  
I had an inkling he was checking make sure I hadn’t died of shock.  I hadn’t, but whether or not I still might was up in the air.
The world seemed to swirl around me, an endless blur of faces passing by my eyes…my father’s, faces of the Knights of Castle Lux, the Black Knights, and the anguish on Liam’s face before he demanded that Nikolas get me to safety.
Guilt clawed through me like a rabid dog trying to exorcise itself from my body.  Possible outcomes of the battle tortured my mind, nausea rolled through me.
Without knowing how I got there, I realized all at once that I was seated on the ground.  To my left a pond as still as glass sat mirroring the purple moon and thousands of twinkling stars above, beyond that only trees.  To my right the trees stretched out endlessly, their thick foliage quiet as the dead.  Even the night held its breath.
Lost in my own mind, I hadn’t noticed that Nikolas had erected a small tent, well, lean-to really, and had a warm blue fire glowing close by.  I also noticed a thick, gray blanket was wrapped around my shoulders, something I knew he was responsible for.
I watched him tether the horse to a tree and provide it with a bucket of water.  When he was done, he glanced to me but stopped dead in his tracks when our eyes met.
His tense body relaxed and he crossed the space between us and dropped to his knees in front of me, only inches away.  He reached out a hand, but stopped it just short of my face.  The compassion in his eyes startled me.  For all his confidence and angry glares, I wouldn’t have thought him capable of producing such a look.  When he spoke to me, his words were soft and kind.  “There she is.”
My fingers sought out my birthmark and he glanced down at it, but said nothing.  “Those men…people died…to protect me?”  Tears brimmed in my eyes as I stared at him, awaiting his answer.
His eyes stared back at me, pools of blue that had no end.  Reaching to take my hand in his, he spoke tenderly to me.  “Gladly, they did so gladly.”  The familiar tingling soothed me as his bare skin touched mine, there was something therapeutic about his touch.
The tears streamed down my cheeks now, pent up emotions hitting me like a ton of bricks.  “I didn’t, I mean…I didn’t want them to…they didn’t have to die for me.”  I choked out between sobs.  
Like it was second nature to him, he scooped me into his arms, tucking my head beneath his chin.  One hand delicately cradling the back of my head, the other working in comforting circles at my back.  For a moment he didn’t speak, when he did, I could feel the words rumble through his chest.  “It is our duty, it is our honor to protect and if need be, die.”  
“I don’t want…people to die…for me.”  I managed between ragged breaths.  
“I know.  And…that is what makes it an honor.”  His words were quiet and thoughtful now.
“What if more die?  What if…my father…and Liam…”  I trailed off, unable to complete the thought out loud.
His hand on my back stilled and he carefully guided me back until he could see my face.  “I think you underestimate them.”  
I felt a twinge of hope stir in my belly.  If he believed, so could I.  “You think there’s a chance they’re okay?”
I saw confidence flicker across his face once more.  Carefully, he lowered his arms to give me my space, pausing slightly to make sure I didn’t fall apart again.  “I think it’s much more than a chance.”  Then he smiled.  “Have a little faith.”
That brought a small smile to my face and I settled myself, legs crossed Indian style beneath my dress.   I willed myself to have the faith he’d suggested, pushing back my doubts to the edge of my mind.  I tried to think of other things, another direction in which to take the conversation and it wasn’t so difficult…I did have a multitude of questions.
Nikolas leaned back, propping himself on his hands, legs stretched out in front crossed at his ankles.  He watched me pensively for a moment before I broke the silence.
“Will you tell me about my father?”  I asked as I doodled absently in the dirt.
“What would you like to know?”  He asked, a small smile playing on his lips.
“Everything.”  I said.
His face was thoughtful as he nodded, then he began.  “He is an excellent King.  Our history has taught us that power often corrupts, leading a man who was once good to become someone even he himself would not recognize.  Your father is no such man.  He rules justly and the land has prospered under his reign.  His is well loved by the people.
“And he loves your mother…and he loves you.  Today is the happiest I’ve seen him.”  He leaned toward me now, pulling in his knees and draping his arms around them.  “He and your mother have been lost without you.”  He said quietly.
I smoothed out the fabric of my dress, just to have something to do.  “It’s strange to find out that your life has been a…lie.  And…I miss them now, and…I don’t even know them.”
He gave me a compassionate smile and ran a hand through his mess of curls, holding my gaze with his tranquil blue eyes.  “Perhaps your mind does not recall them, but…your soul does.  I believe that…the ones we truly care for are bound to us, tethered to our hearts with a rope we cannot see, but that we feel.”  
Nikolas’ words were profound, ringing with a wisdom and understanding that I’d never found in someone so young.  Come to think of it, I hadn’t come across it at all.  But, he made perfect sense to me, I wanted to believe his words, I needed to.  
He was studying me again now, looking like there was something he needed to say.  Keeping his thoughts pent up looked painful for him and I decided to put him out of his misery.  “Is there something you’d like to say?”
Gaze finding the ground, he spoke.  “I would not want to upset you.”
I rose onto my knees and reached out to touch his arm.  “No, I…I want to know, if you don’t mind telling me.”
His eyes were locked on my hand upon his arm for a long moment before he looked up at me.  His words came out quiet and almost nervous.  “I…I remember you.”
My hand fell from his arm and I blinked at him, unsure of what he meant.  “Wh—How, how do you remember me?”
He scooted away to lean his back against a nearby tree and rested his head against the bark.  “When we were children…I remember.”  The confusion on my face prompted him to continue.  “You were such a tiny thing, all cheeks and curls.  I thought you were the best toy ever.”  He laughed and I felt my own smile break on my face.  “I would spend hours making funny faces for you and putting on puppet shows.  And you would giggle in that utterly happy way that only babies can.”
I even chuckled with him for a moment at the thought.  “Wait, how old were you?”  I asked.
“Four years old…I was four when you…went away.”  The laughter had died away now and he stared somewhere behind me, focused on a distant memory.  “You cannot imagine the heartbreak of a four year old boy over such a loss.  I was too young to understand why it was necessary.  I’ve wondered so many times through the years where you were, what you were doing, what you looked like now.”  He looked back to me and held my eyes with his own.  “I’ve never forgotten you.”
What do you say to that?  I just sat there, sinking deeper into his eyes for a long while.  After an undetermined amount of time, I spoke.  “Is that why you keep looking at me like I’m some sort of enigma?”  My words were quiet and shy.
Nikolas’ eyes widened, as if he was shocked I’d noticed.  But, someone like Nikolas staring you down is not something that would ever go unnoticed.  
He looked down again searching for nothing at all in the dirt, but before speaking he looked at me again.  “No.  I look at you that way because…I have seen your face a thousand times in my dreams, only, I did not know it was you.  Then, I saw you and realized it was your face.”  He paused to take a deep breath.  “I know, it sounds insane.”  His brow creased with worry.
I gave him a small smile.  “The past few days have just been varying degrees of insane, I don’t think you can tell me anything I wouldn’t believe at this point.”  I chuckled a little and so did he.
“I can understand that.”  He said.  
“What do you think it means?”  I asked him after a stretch of silence.
He stared into the fire as he answered.  “That I do not know.”  
After a few more exchanges that were simple small talk and in no way profound, crazy, or life-changing, we decided to try and rest.  
I lay down on the ground, only the fire and blue flame between us.  
For a while, I looked everywhere but him…as long as I could stand it.  But, the pull was too great, and eventually my eyes sought him out.  I found myself staring into the blue depths of his eyes as he stared back at me, he didn’t even attempt to pretend he hadn’t been watching me.  My normal reaction would’ve have been to look away as soon as I met his eyes, but I was enthralled by him, and I couldn’t have looked away if I’d wanted to.  
So we just stared at each other like we were trying to read the other’s soul.  I don’t know how long, only that those blue eyes were the last thing I saw before I drifted away into the depths of my dreams.



Chapter 13
Nikolas had been a busy boy.  The smell of cooking meat roused me from my sleep the next morning.  I opened my eyes and peered at him as he rotated a small carcass above the blue flame.  Getting into a more upright position, I stretched my arms above my head.   
“Good morning, Princess.”  He said with a subdued smile.  “I thought you might enjoy a warm meal.” 
I really heard what he’d called me this time.  I mean, I had been aware of it before, its just that in the light of everything else that was happening, it didn’t catch.  Now, it did.  Apparently, I’d been wrong before about the whole I’m no princess thing.  But, this was not shaping up to be a fairytale thus far.  I was thinking princess in the sense that I wore pretty dresses and a crown on my head and I looked out of the castle window with not a care in the world.  And maybe prince charming would save me from some mean parenting figure or from a deep sleep. 
But this story was not for little children.  After the battle yesterday, I realized I was in very real danger and worse yet, others were in danger owing to my very existence.  Even now, I could almost smell the blood in the air.  
I looked over at Nikolas again and his expression was concerned and pained as he read the worry on my face.  “It will get better.  I promise.  I will not allow anyone to harm you, ever.”
My eyes were wet as I stared back at him.  Good Lord I had become such a cry baby.  I breathed in deep, getting the tears under control.  “Yes, but you’ll allow them harm you.”  I turned my gaze to the ground.  “And, how many other people will be hurt or die because of me.  Maybe it would be best if I turned myself in.”
Nikolas was on his feet and in front of me in the blink of an eye.  Taking my face in his hands, he titled my head up, and not particularly kindly.  My eyes were still glued to the ground.  “Look at me.”  He said almost roughly.  When I did, I could see the determination in his eyes, pain and anger warring inside them.  “Do not ever speak of such things again.  Many people have moved heaven and earth to keep you safe, at great personal sacrifice to themselves as well as you.  To give yourself over would make all of they have done a vain effort.  The Kingdom would fall into ruin and suffering and sadness would become all that anyone knew.”  He softened now, and I could swear his eyes were wet as well.  “And even if none of that were true, your life is important…you are important.  You cannot know the effect your absence has had for those of…for those you left behind.”
The tears had formed in my eyes again as he spoke and were spilling over.  I felt awful and selfish and guilty and a thousand other painful things.  “I’m s-s-s-sorry…I just…I…”  My words trailed off.  
Like he had the night before, he gathered me in his arms, pulling me tightly to him.  My shoulder to his chest and my face buried in his tunic, he clutched me to him, rocking me slightly back and forth.  “I know.”  He murmured into the top of my hair.  His chest rose and fell shakily.  “I know…just, please…do not ever…don’t go away again.”  
I nodded, unable to speak as I sat crying in his arms, for the men I didn’t know, for my father and the mother I hadn’t really met, and…for Liam.  For every man, known or unknown, whose light may no longer burn.  And the guilt clawed through me again.  I let it all out and allowed myself to confront the emotions I’d been running from since this whole ordeal began.  
And he just sat there and let me fall to pieces.  He didn’t speak again, he just held me, he was just there…for me.  Nikolas provided that unobtrusive comfort that most people are incapable of.  It was exactly what I needed. 
He was becoming oddly familiar to me, he felt like sanctuary.  I wasn’t sure if that was a product of his story the night before or something else entirely, but I took it either way, and my heart twisted in a strange, almost pleasant way inside my chest.
When I’d cried myself out of tears, I leaned away from him to look into his eyes.  He smiled at me, though his eyes looked sad.  I noticed now the dark circles that hung beneath his eyes.  I reached up and traced a circle beneath one.  “You haven’t slept.  How long since you rested?”  
Instead of answering, he cursed under his breath.  I jerked my hand away, afraid he was rejecting my touch.  His reaction confused me until the smell of burning meat assaulted my nose.  
He looked at me apologetically and grabbed the same hand that had just touched his face.  “So much for a warm meal.  My apologies, Princess.”
And I realized I didn’t care for that formal term coming from him any more than I had when Liam addressed me as ‘Milady.’  I didn’t care about the food, so I gave him a smile and just said,  “Please, Dani.”
His answering smile was like the sun drawing the dawn from the darkness of night.  “As you wish it, so shall it be.”  He squeezed my hand before releasing it and went to discard the charred carcass.  After he finished that task, he got more water for his horse.  And the horse, go figure, was white I realized now. 
Of course he would have a white horse. 
I wasn’t a particularly observant person to begin with and in light of all that had happened, my mind hadn’t had time to really process his horse.  But, sure enough, there it stood in all its white horse glory.  
Next, he provided the horse with grain and then retrieved a small brush and proceeded to run it over the pure, white coat.  
My eyes stalked him where he went, taking note of the way he moved.  He was all grace and strength and…swagger.  
It was a heady thing, sometimes, just to be in his presence.  Like a siren song, something about him called to you, demanded your attention.  And you gave it, reluctant or not, you gave it to him.  He had that x-factor.  Every woman knows it.  Like an undertow, its sneaks up and grabs you, dragging you away from safety until you’re in nothing but trouble.  
The women were probably lined up around the castle, or wherever it was that he lived.  Much to my dismay, I did not care for that thought.  What was it with this place?  Hot guys running around being all chivalrous and dangerous and speaking with British accents like they grew on trees here.  
Reigning myself in and chalking the workings of my mind up to stress, I shook my head to clear it and went to rolling up the pallets that lay beneath our lean-to.
Returning with dried meat and grapes I assumed were from the orchard, Nikolas sat down on the damp earth.  “Come and eat, Dani.  You must be starved.”
I abandoned my efforts and joined him on the ground, realizing I was hungry, very hungry.  We shoveled the food in, neither having completed our last meal, then finished cleaning up our campsite.  
My mind wandered back to our earlier conversation when I had brought up turning myself over.  “So, I guess you know about the prophecy?”  I said glancing over at him as he took out a small, black flask.  
He squatted by the fire and opened the flask and the fire, as if obeying a silent command, slithered into the mouth of the glass bottle.  Nikolas corked and pocketed it and I stood staring in awe, momentarily forgetting my question.
“I do.”  He said a little warily and I blinked myself back to the conversation, remembering I had started it.  My eyes found his and I could almost actually see it when the light bulb flicked on above his head.  “Wh—how do you know of the prophecy?”  
I would’ve thought this question would’ve come up earlier, but I guess it took a back seat to my suicide mission.  “Liam.  Well, and some ladies I overheard in a village, but they didn’t know that.”  I said matter-of-factly.
He stared at me, but by the unfocused look in his eyes, he wasn’t seeing me.  After a moment, they focused back in and he turned to secure some straps on his saddle.  “Oh.”  He said.  
I felt uneasy because he did.  It rolled off him in waves.  I’d always been strangely in tune to other’s emotions.  At times, I felt them so strongly, it was like they were my own.
I continued.  “Yeah, he said he knew it was me because of my birthmark.”  
This stopped him in his tracks.  “How—how did he—what did he say, exactly?”  His unease had grown with this revelation and anger sparked in his eyes.
“He said, ‘you will know her by the sun upon her skin.’  Yeah, I think that’s how he put it.”  I told him, my fingers finding the mark to draw circles around it.
Nikolas’ eyes widened and his mouth fell open.
I was effectively confused.  I knew this specific portion of the prophecy was not known to everyone, but by the look on Nikolas’ face, it was a state secret.  “What?”  I asked, shrugging.
His body unlocked and he walked quickly to where I stood.  “Only a handful of people know that part of the prophecy.  Your mother and father, Soleil, myself, my parents, and…the other no longer lives.”
“Okay…um…but, how did you think he identified me?”  I didn’t understand why this hadn’t come up before either, why it hadn’t dawned on him or anyone else for that matter.  
“He did not mention your mark in the letter.  For all we knew, it was a false report.” he looked at me for a moment.  “When we saw you, there was no denying who you were…you really do favor your mother.”  He stopped to take a slow breath.  “And it was almost as if we could feel it in the air, that this time it was different.  And of course, your father knew what you looked like.”
Oh, of course he did…what?
“How?”  I asked.
“He has seen you.”  He said, evidently forgetting I was unaware of so much.
What?
“How?”  I asked again.
He looked at me and nodded.  “Right, you would not know that.”  He ran both hands through his tangled waves.  “I’m sorry, I do not know the specifics.  Your father, he told me on our way to you yesterday that Soleil was able to watch over you somehow, where ever you were.  She could show your parents visions of you, but I do not know how.”
Oh, this Soleil character again.
I was beginning to wonder what was not possible here.  “Okay…so, what does it mean that Liam knows who I am, that he knows about my mark and why are you freaking out over it?”
Brow furrowed, he stared into the dirt for a moment before responding.  “I do not know and I am sure I am not freaking out, though I do not know what that is.”  He had suspicions, I was positive about that.  But he wouldn’t share them with me when that was all they were.  “We should go.  It would not have been safe to travel the road to the castle, so our journey will be longer, but if we hurry we may be there before the darkness returns.”
My heart sped up.  I would meet my mother, and see my father and Liam again…I hoped.  I nodded quickly in response.
Once we were done packing up, I decided to try and be brave and climb on the horse all by my lonesome.  I placed my foot in the stirrup and grabbed onto the saddle for leverage, pushing up.  I tried a few times unsuccessfully, and on my fourth try, strong hands grasped my hips and lifted me easily the rest of the way.
When he touched me, I felt that same strange and pleasant twisting inside my chest and my stomach did a tiny flip as the sparks danced upon my skin once more.  I turned to look at him once I was seated safely in the saddle.  My eyes met his and I was instantly trapped, sinking into their depths.  He pulled himself up onto the saddle behind me, his gaze never leaving my eyes.  
I followed suit, even turning my head to look over my shoulder at him once he was in the saddle.  I realized I’d been holding my breath and when I exhaled, he blinked in rapid succession and then looked out into the trees toward our intended path.  “Are you ready?”  he asked, a hint of unsteadiness coloring his tone.
Turning my head toward the front I exhaled heavily again.  “Yes.”
He leaned up, and I reluctantly turned to meet his gaze.  That mischievous grin was spread across his face again, and all traces of unsteadiness gone.  “You should hold on.”  With that, he snapped the reigns and the horse lurched forward, effectively throwing me back against him.  And his golden laugh rang through the forest as we sped away.


Chapter 14
Since my arrival in Avenlore, the weather had been near perfect.  It wasn’t too hot or too cold.  A light breeze blew occasionally and the nights were only marginally cooler than the days.  The sun cast warm and golden rays toward the earth and I was beginning to think the weather was persistently perfect here.
That was an incorrect assumption.
While this day had started out a little overcast, the sun was still making regular appearances and the temperature only felt maybe a few degrees cooler.
By midday, all of that changed.  The light breeze morphed into a wind, driving thick gray clouds across the sky, effectively cloaking the sun.  The air dampened and the temperature had to have dropped by twenty degrees.  Chills sprang up over my arms and my legs and I thought I’d have to get my hands on a razor soon.  That, or braid the hair that was growing on my legs.  Or maybe sell them as Christmas trees.  Then I looked to the skies and remembered where hairy legs fell in the scheme of things.      
The clouds loomed overhead, threatening to drench us at any given moment.  We had ridden out of what cover the trees could provide and were making our way over a flat expanse of golden wheat fields.  We kept to a sparse path, no doubt used by those who tended the land.  My eyes alternated between scanning the clouds above for the start of rain and the fields of wheat for something far worse.
I felt like we were sitting ducks in multiple ways.  Far in the distance, the flat land gave way to rolling hills again, spotted with trees.  But, for the moment, there was nowhere to hide, not from rain or Black Knights.
 We trotted across the fields at a steady pace and I listened as birds sang somewhere close by.  I shivered as a cold wind beat against us.  Nikolas pulled the reigns taught and his feet hit the ground before the horse had come to a complete stop.  In response, my heart rate kicked up and my eyes darted around to all corners of the wide fields.  
“What is it?”  I asked around the lump in my throat, eyes still shifting uneasily.
Nikolas was already hauling himself up behind me again.  “It’s cool, I did not want you to be uncomfortable.”  He said as he wrapped the thick gray blanket around me again.  
Relief washed over me and I smiled to myself at his thoughtfulness.  Looking over my shoulder I gave him a small smile as well.  “Thank you.”
The warmth in his eyes did more for my temperature than the blanket could.
“Shall we?”  He asked, eyes sparkling.
I nodded and we were covering ground again with a quickness.  To my great happiness, we made the spotty trees without being attacked by water droplets or anything else.  On the hills, I could make out a blue mountain rising, not too terribly far in the distance.  It wasn’t particularly tall as far as mountains go, only reaching far enough to obscure the view of what lay beyond it.  
We talked about simple, easy things to pass the time, like how the landscape was beautiful and that his horse’s name was Drift (which I thought was awesome).  The storm clouds decided to leave us in peace, but I still heard when the down pour started somewhere behind us.
We pressed on, deciding to skip out on meals and by dusk, we had almost crested the blue mountain.  The clouds had abated, and the sun made its return, splashing the sky with deep pinks, pale purples and blues, and yellowish-oranges.  The wind died down, a calm breeze replacing it once again.  
Right before we’d made the top of the mountain, Nikolas pulled the horse to a stop and jumped down from the saddle.  Facing me, he reached out his arms.  “May I?” 
“What are we doing?”  I asked, glancing around in search of the reason for this unexpected stop.
A traffic stopping smile spread across his face.  “Allow me to show you something?”  he asked, eyes twinkling.
Dumbstruck by him, I simply nodded.  
He lifted me down from saddle carefully, eyes never leaving mine.  Setting me safely on the ground, he looked down at me with a full on grin as he leaned down to whisper in my ear.  “Close your eyes.”  I could smell the salt on his skin he was so close.
I blinked at him.
He cocked his head to the side, mouth still pulled up at one corner.  “Dani, close your eyes.”
I stared at him for a few seconds before obeying.  The moment my eyes closed, I felt his hand at my elbow and his touch slid lightly down my arm until he had my hand in his.  Goosebumps rose along my skin in the wake of his fingers and I could feel the tingles gliding over my body.  He towed me forward silently and I could feel the ground rise beneath my feet.  
Instead of concentrating on my footing, I was solely focused on his skin against mine.  Our fingers weren’t interlocked, but the way he held to my hand felt more intimate than that.  My fingers were draped over his and his thumb spread across the space between my knuckles, like being led onto the floor for a slow dance.  I could hear his breath, slightly ragged just like my, reacting to the electricity we seemed to conduct between our bodies.  
When the ground leveled off, he pulled me to him and I could feel his breath against my temple when he spoke.  “Open your eyes.”
I obeyed and inhaled sharply at the scene before me.  The ground sloped down from us in deep green rolling hills that gave way to fields bordered by low rock walls that contained fruit bearing trees, their bounty glimmering like jewels in the light.  
Fat, stone houses were clustered together here and there, widows glowing with flickering light.  I could see children running and hear their laughter as it carried up the mountain.  A carriage rolled down one of pebbled roadways.  Lanterns were hung from high rock columns and I watched as they began glowing into life, seemingly of their own accord.  
A wide river, at least a mile across, flowed slowly through the land.  I followed it with my eyes until it split around an island.  
Then, I saw it.  Seated on top of the island was a lavish castle the color of ivory.  The stone had a smooth, almost glassy quality as it reflected the evening sun.  A high wall surrounded the castle, two long, deep red drawbridges at its front laid across the river in welcome.  To get to the second, you had to cross the first to a small island where a cylindrical tower stood.  
Light shone from the windows of the castle like a warm beacon and behind it, a boundless lake, so still it mirrored the pinks and blues and oranges of the sunset sky.
The cream colored banners bearing the golden sun of Castle Lux flapped in the wind atop the many turrets and I felt a grin break across my face.  On each side of the river, buildings, some several stories high, sat clustered together as people milled around the streets that cut through them.  In the distance, beyond the rivers and remaining valley, mountains in deep purple and blue reached toward the sky.  
“Do you like it?”  Nikolas whispered.
I turned to face him and realized our hands were still linked.  Butterflies took flight inside chest.  “Its…its amazing.  Thank you.”  I surprised myself by squeezing his hand.
“It is my great honor.”  He told me quietly.  “It is called…the Valley of Light.”
“That’s a beautiful name.”
I felt nervous and happy and afraid all at once.  I thought of Liam and I felt guilty somehow for standing here, being happy, even if it was mixed in with nerves and fear.  My stomach got heavier, like it had filled with bricks, and I thought I should break this contact with Nikolas, slide my hand slowly from his but, my hand wouldn’t move.  I didn’t want it to move.
I thought of my father and wondered if he was here, waiting for my return all over again.  And my mother, she would be here too.  And yet, here I stood, hand in hand with Nikolas and I had the nerve to be happy.
Nikolas must’ve read the worry on my face and stepped over to plant himself directly in front of me, peering into my eyes.  “What troubles you, Dani?”
I couldn’t very well tell him that my heart was soaring because he was touching me, looking at me, standing so close I could feel the chemistry, the electricity as it flowed between us.  That I wondered what kind of person it made me to feel that way when 24 hours ago I’d been staring into Liam’s eyes, hoping he would cover my mouth with his.  That my father and Liam and countless others could be injured or worse, and here I stood like a giddy little school girl.  
So, I settled for a half-truth.  “I just feel so many things now, I’m not sure how to process it all.”
He stared at me a moment, waiting for me to continue.  When I didn’t, his eyes shifted to follow a few strands of hair that were blowing lightly with the wind.  He caught the loose strands of hair and tucked them behind my ear.  Slowly, his eyes trailed back to mine.  “We do not have to go.  We can wait, I will wait with you…as long as you need.”
I half smiled, heart beating faster in response to his touch.  “No, they need to know we are alright, I’m sure they’re worried.”
He lifted our joined hands, brushing the middle finger of his free hand over my knuckles and I got lost in his eyes again.  “I am more concerned with what you need.”
I looked to the ground as I spoke again.  “I need to know too, so do you.”  I felt uncomfortable in my own skin.  I turned to make my way back to Drift, taking my hand with me as I went.
Head swimming in emotions, I grabbed onto the saddle and planted my foot in the stirrup.  This time, I managed to put myself in the saddle alone, though I wouldn’t call the action graceful.
Nikolas was right behind me, not interfering, only watching as I conquered the task.  He smiled up at me with satisfaction in his eyes from the ground, then he climbed into the saddle as well.  
His arms hung loosely at my sides, lingering far enough away as to avoid contact and the bricks inside my stomach churned.  
Without a word, Nikolas turned us toward the valley and we began our decent toward the castle.



Chapter 15
My heart sat in my throat as we approached the first red drawbridge that spanned the water between the mainland and the first tiny island.  Happy shouts rang out as we came into sight of the guards that manned the entry to the bridge.  
“SIR NIKOLAS!  HE HAS RETURNED WITH THE PRINCESS!”  The shout repeated as a burly man ran forward, his stick straight golden hair swinging around his shoulders as he loped toward us.  His cream cloak flowed behind him and his matching tunic was stitched with a golden sun.  I did not recall his face, but that wasn’t saying much.  There had to be a large number of knights I had yet to see.
Nikolas called for the horse to stop and jumped from the saddle, casting a quick grin over his shoulder for me as he trotted out to meet the man who was so happy to see us.  
They clasped hands when they met and pulled each other in for one of those strange man hugs.  
The burly man’s booming laugh echoed off the water and stone.  He was a beast of a man, standing even taller than Nikolas, who had a good foot on me.  “It’s so good to see you well, Nik.”  He said, slapping Nikolas across the back.
The embrace broke and Nikolas looked up to the man, his tone severe and low, though I was close enough to hear.  “The King, is he safe?”
I held my breath.
A toothy grin broke across the knight’s face.  “All that fightin’ and he has but a scratch on the arm to show for it!  At least that is what the rumor is, I was on a ride when they returned.  He is indeed well, Nik.  They returned this morning, just before noon.”
I released the breath, welcoming the relief that coursed through me.
I could see Nikolas relax by a fraction before he continued.  “The others?  The rest of the guard?”
The burly man’s face fell, as did my heart.  “Two of the scouts, Sir, and two more of the guard.  Ambly and Reece, Kurtsworth and Shelling.”  He patted Nikolas gently on the back this time.
Nikolas nodded solemnly and hung his head as he ran a hand through his hair.  My heart went out to him as I felt his sadness permeate the air around me.  After a few heartbeats, he raised his head and stared out over the water silently.  “Good men all.”  He paused and his eyes found mine.  “Forgive me, I have not introduced you to the Princess of Avenlore.”  He spoke quietly.  
The burly man dropped to one knee where he stood.  “Princess.”  He said with his head bowed.
Walking back to his horse, Nikolas reached up to help me down and I held his gaze, trying to offer some sort of silent comfort.  He looked troubled and worry worn now, the color of his eyes dulling, their depths filled with sadness.
The burly man broke the painful silence and looked up to me.  “Well, ain’t she as pretty as the dawn.”
Nikolas offered a half smile at that.  “Princess, this is Sir Luther Landon, brave Knight of Castle Lux.”
I offered a small smile to Sir Luther and realized I would’ve definitely remembered his face.   His features were fair and kind, with bright amber eyes just beginning to crinkle from age and that golden mane, but his face was marred by matching thin scars that ran the length of his face on either side.  I tried to not to stare.  “I’m so happy to meet you.  Could…Could you please get up?”
The deep laugh sounded again.  “As you wish, Princess.”  Sir Landon said, still laughing.  “Come, I will escort you to the castle.  It would do me well to see a happy reunion.”
My stomach twisted into knots at his words, I hoped he was right.  I hoped it would be a happy reunion, but I barely knew what waited for me inside the walls of the castle and that was quite unsettling.
Sir Luther trotted back across the bridge to get his horse and give orders to the men manning the bridge in his absence.
Nikolas and I followed on foot at a leisurely pace, Drift being led along behind us.
I thought about the scars that lined Sir Luther’s face, wondering who put them there.  I didn’t imagine they were received in battle, they were too perfect, too deliberate.
As if reading my mind, Nikolas spoke.  “The scars are courtesy of Lord Raythen.  Sir Luther was captured and tortured for information on your whereabouts four years ago.  He is the only prisoner to every escape the castle alive, though that is barely what he was when we found him.”
I couldn’t understand why Lord Raythen was allowed to remain free, so I asked the obvious question.  “Why doesn’t someone kill him?  You know where he lives, right?”
Nikolas sighed heavily.  “If it were that easy, we would have done, long ago.  Alec has used his black magic to ensure that Lord Raythen is not easily killed, we have yet to understand how to overcome it.  
“Castle Knox was stormed after they took the young Connolly girl, mistaking her for you.  It was a massacre.  The Knights of Castle Lux were completely unprepared for what they encountered.  No less than eight men drove their swords into Lord Raythen…he laughed as the blood poured from his body, one of them was your father.  And even if we did kill him, he has two sons that would most likely take up the cause, they breed anger and greed the way a farmer breeds pigs.”
“He has children?”  I asked, horrified that someone like that was allowed to reproduce.
Nikolas glanced at me, then his gaze shifted back to study the tower.  “Not children now, but yes, he has two sons, Callen and William.  Even if we were able to terminate them, we’d still have Alec and the Black Knights to contend with.  One problem is as uneasily solved as the other.”  He sounded tired and looked it as he brushed the curls from his forehead.
Nikolas stopped on the bridge and turned to face me.  I wanted to reach out to him, to wrap my arms around him.  I wanted to be his sanctuary, the way he had been mine.  He was so sad and disappointed and defeated and…guilty in this moment.  But I was afraid.  Afraid of the eyes I could feel on us and afraid he would reject me and what I wanted to offer.  
So I just listened silently as he continued.  “We have slaughtered countless Black Knights over the years.  Alec simply produces new ones to replace them.  Willing participants or not.  It doesn’t really matter once the spell is cast.”
“But I thought the first knights were put to death because they wouldn’t comply, why kill them if they could’ve had their way regardless?”  I asked.
“I could not say for certain, but our speculation is that they simply did not know the magic was so strong.  We believe they eventually came to the realization that anyone without protection could be turned.”  He said, sounding more weary with each word.
A shiver ran down my spine.  “So much carnage…over me.”  I said under my breath, but he still heard.  
Nikolas looked at me, eyes widened, a fire burning inside them now that hadn’t been a moment before.  I looked away, ashamed that I’d made this about me, sickened that I’d upset him further.  He snatched my chin between his fingers and turned my head, holding me there until I looked at him.  “Do not do this to yourself.  You cannot take responsibility for the evil of other men’s hearts.”
I regarded him for a few heartbeats, then I reached up to curl my fingers around his hand.  “Neither can you.”
He let his hand fall from my face, but I held to it.  He gaped at me for a few seconds, then glanced down at my hand in his, a look I couldn’t make sense of passing over his face.  When he spoke, I had to strain to hear him.  “You have no idea what you do to me.”  
The sound of Sir Luther’s booming laugh interrupted our moment, announcing his return.  We both looked to the sound, but Sir Luther was hidden by a wall, still joking with another of the knights.  I let go of Nikolas’ hand and wrapped my arms around myself to have something to do with my hands.
Nikolas looked out across the water and then back to me.  “We can ride in, if you like.”  His tone was subdued, his usual charm and confidence in short supply.
I didn’t mind walking, we’d been riding for so long I was actually sore, but I wanted to be as near him as I could because I was running out of time.  Who knew what his duties required of him or how much I would see of him once we got inside the walls.  I smiled at him.  “I would…like that.”
It could’ve been my imagination, but I thought he looked a little relieved at my words.  This time, Nikolas climbed on first and reached down a hand to pull me up behind him in the saddle.  Sir Luther came into sight and beckoned us with a wave before whirling back toward the castle.
Nikolas snapped the reigns and my arms tightened around his chest, fingers grasping at the material of his shirt.  Even with my hands balled into fists, I could feel the hard chords of muscle beneath his shirt and I tried hard not to dwell on that.  
I looked up to see the stone wall surround the castle getting closer as we crossed the second bridge.  It was several stories high, even larger than I’d thought before.  I could see the knights spaced evenly around the perimeter, some scanning the horizons, some smiling gladly down upon us as we entered beneath the steel gate that stopped about a fourth of the way down to allow us to pass.  Thick, black metal bars ran perpendicular to the ground, ending in sharp spikes several feet overhead.  Around the bars, intricate vines twisted, adorned with roses in the same black metal, it was a strangely beautiful thing to behold.
Nikolas waved and called out to the men shouting down at him and a bit of his confidence peaked through again.  I felt oddly proud of him, of the way people reacted to him.  I could understand why my father looked at him the way he did.  He was respected and liked, loved even by his men.  I thought it a great testament to his character to evoke such a response.
The castle ahead rose up from the ground in all its majesty.  Windows dotted the walls everywhere, some peaked and some rectangular, many large in size.  Their glass had a yellowed hue and I could see the bubbles contained within.  They were imperfect and exquisite, bending the light beautifully.  
Ropes of green vines climbed the face of the castle, dripping in large deep pink roses.  Flowering trees in full bloom lined the pathways through the castle yards, sporting gauzy flowers of white and pale pink and blue branches bowing beneath the weight of the blooms.         
The pathways were covered with small, round pebbles in every shade of brown, causing the hoof beats to echo off the surrounding walls.  
Ivory stairs climbed to ornate double doors in the same black steel of the gate.  I let out a shaky breath as I sat with my arms still wrapped around Nikolas.  He picked up on my apprehension and laid his hand over mine, squeezing and stroking his thumb back and forth gently over my fingers.
He looked over his shoulder at me, eyebrows cocked, silently asking if I was ready.  I blinked a few times, drew in a slow breath and let it out, then nodded.
Sir Luther stood off in the shadows talking animatedly with another of the knights, occasionally breaking the quiet with his laugh.  
Jumping down, Nikolas called to a young boy making his way over to us.  He bent a little at the waist and placed a hand on the boy’s shoulder as he gave him instructions on where to take Drift and how he wanted her cared for.  I helped myself down while he was occupied.  Once on the ground, I stood staring at the double doors, breathing in and out slowly in an attempt to calm my nerves.
I felt a hand on the small of my back and I didn’t have to look to know it was Nikolas.  When I did look at him, I could see the exhaustion on his face as he offered me a tentative smile.  
I swallowed and threaded my arm through his and grasped his sleeve with the opposite hand.  His smile became brighter, lighting his face.  “Okay, I’m ready.”  I announced.
Nikolas nodded at me and placed his free hand on top of mine.  As we stepped forward, the doors burst open and a pair of pale-green eyes stared down at me.



Chapter 16
Liam looked from me to Nikolas, then down at our joined hands and arms.  Nikolas let go of my hand and we untwined our arms.  I stepped forward, heading toward Liam but stopped short.  I just wasn’t really sure what to do.  
But, Liam was.  
When I hesitated, he crossed the space between us, reaching out to cup my face with his hands.  Thumbs stroking my cheeks, he smiled at me.  Confusion was the order of the day as feelings warred inside me.  I was happy to see Liam, relieved he was safe, nervous about walking through those doors.  Most of all though, I was angry at myself.  These feelings were churning inside of me for Liam, but also and absolutely for Nikolas.  And I had no idea how I’d gotten here, I had no idea what to do with them.
For the sake of my sanity, I decided to chalk the feelings up to extenuating circumstances.  I mean really, who wouldn’t feel a little lost and confused after the past few days?  I was just overly emotional, that was all.  We were all overly emotional.
Besides, no one had professed their undying love to anyone else.  No one was married or engaged or even dating…or courting…whatever it was called here.  No one had made any promises.  So, that made us good, right?  I was in the clear…nothing to feel guilty for.  And yet, I did.
I tried to hide my angst from Liam, offering him the best smile I could conjure.  But, our little reunion was cut short when the tip of a blade was laid against Liam’s throat.  I sucked in a sharp breath, and turned to scold Nikolas for his behavior.  But Nikolas hadn’t moved and by the expression on his face, he was as surprised as anyone by the blade pressing against Liam’s skin.
My head snapped back to find the person responsible and the answer surprised me.  Sir Luther stood with his arm outstretched, wielding the blade, eyes filled with a half-crazed look.  “You will remove your hands from the princess.”  The words were delivered through clenched teeth, low and severe, more a growl than anything.
Blood beaded beneath the tip of the blade and began to slide down Liam’s neck like morbid red tears.  He hadn’t moved an inch other than to slide his eyes to the right to look at the man who held the blade.
“Stop it!  You’re hurting him!”  I screamed.  Unsure of what to do, my hands fluttered uselessly in the air.  
Nikolas was beside me then.  “Luther, this is an honored guest at Castle Lux.”  His tone was calm, but deliberate.
“With respect, Sir, he is not.”  Luther replied, twisting the blade slightly and more beads of blood ran down Liam’s neck.
“Sir Luther, you will remove your blade.  That was not a suggestion.”  Nikolas’ voice rang with finality.  Sir Luther looked to Nikolas and nodded, then dropped the blade. 
Liam rubbed his throat, then examined the blood on the tips of his fingers.
“Do you know who he is, Sir?”  Luther demanded.
Nikolas looked from Liam to Sir Luther.  “He has named himself Liam of Shirebrook.”
Luther cocked his head to one side and took a step closer to Liam.  “Has he now?”  Liam did not look to Sir Luther, he locked his eyes onto mine and held them there.  Luther studied Liam as he spoke to Nikolas.  “Well Sir, allow me to introduce you.  Before you stands William of Castle Knox.  Second born son of Lord Soren of the House of Raythen.”
No. Uh uh, nope.
I recoiled like I’d been slapped, feet shuffling backward.  Feeling my eyes widen in my head, I searched Liam’s face, waiting for him to contradict this revelation.  But he didn’t.  On the contrary, his eyes confirmed Sir Luther’s words.  
Without a word, Nikolas reached over and grabbed my hand, stepping forward, he placed himself between Liam and me.  Aside from that, Nikolas said nothing, did nothing but stand there, studying Liam intently.
That shocked the baby pigmy’s out of me.
Sir Luther blinked rapidly, apparently surprised by Nikolas’ response as well.  “Sir, what will you have done with him?”  His tone pled for some sort of action.
Nikolas raised his chin by an inch, eyes never leaving Liam.  “We will hear his reasons for misleading us.”
“But, Sir…he is of House Raythen!  I remember his face.  He is the enemy.”  Sir Luther argued, words thick with contempt.
I stepped forward, coming parallel with Nikolas, but he put up and arm as barrier, allowing me no further.  I did not argue.
“His silence does indeed seem to verify he is a Raythen.  Whether or not he is the enemy, remains to be seen.  I will hear his explanation.”  Nikolas said as his eyes shifted to the left, toward the doorway.
My father stood there at the top of the stairs, flanked by a woman on each side.  
The woman on his right was fair of hair, pale golden locks falling to her waist in thick, loose curls.  She was slim and tall, commanding a measure of respect by the way she held herself.  Her round face was pixie-like, delicate with high cheekbones and a round, full pout of a mouth.    Veiled eyes the color of honey studied me and me alone, their depths filled with warmth.  She seemed completely at ease and unbothered by the tense situation in the yard.
The woman on his left stood shorter, but still had a few inches on me.  Her hair hung straight down her back, soft curls turning up its ends.  Its color was dark brown, tinged with red.  Auburn, just like mine.  Her features were lovely, full pink lips slightly parted beneath a perfect nose, cheeks flushed, and wide, blue eyes surrounded by thick, dark lashes.  She studied me as well, but like I was precious and new and…loved.  I knew instantly who she was, I could feel it down to my bones.       
She was my mother.  
My father broke through my thoughts and brought me back to the matter at hand.  “My queen and I have come to welcome our daughter home, and here stands a guest of our home, bleeding on his shirt in our daughter’s very presence.”  His tone was completely serious, eyes sparking as he looked to the faces of each man.
Sir Luther looked to Nikolas, who provided the explanation.  “Sir Luther has named our…guest…as William Raythen.  We await his explanation.”
Liam’s eyes were on the King now, awaiting his fate.  I searched his eyes for fear, but found only resignation.  
Shock fluttered across my father’s face, then anger.  “Is it true boy?  Are you the Son of Soren Raythen?”  He snapped.
Liam stared straight into my father’s eyes, chin high.  “It is true, Sire.”
“I find myself at a loss, I cannot imagine what your intentions are here.”  My father said, shaking his head and running his hands through his hair.
“My intentions are as they ever were, Sire.”  Liam’s gaze shifted to me.  “I intend to protect my princess.”
The calm mask slipped from Nikolas’ face.  “Your princess?”
Liam’s head whipped around to Nikolas.  “She is the people’s princess, is she not?”  He paused, running his hand over his face.  “And, I gave you the name my mother called me, and her homeland, I did not lie.”  He looked meaningfully at my father.
The woman to his left sucked in a sharp breath and she and my father shared a long look as another silent conversation was had.
Looking back to Nikolas, Liam continued.  “You have spent your life as the golden boy of the Valley of Light.  Your very name commands respect.  People see you and they see goodness and hope and life.  People look at a Raythen and they see evil and fear and death.  But you would only see me as a Raythen if I told you my name.”  He paused to rake his fingers through his dark locks.  “I am not my father, and do not wish to be judged as such.  So I did not tell you my given name, because I have spent my life having people look upon me as you do now.  My name does not make me who I am, my actions do.”
Nikolas looked to the ground, hands opening and closing at his sides.  He spoke under his breath, seemingly to himself but I was close enough to hear.  “She told you the prophecy…that’s how you…she told it to you.”
My father looked back and forth between Nikolas and Liam and I felt like I was really missing something.
“Wh-what’s going on here?  Who told him the prophecy?  Why do you all look like that?”  I blurted out in my frustration.
Nikolas, my father, and the woman I was pretty sure was my mother all turned to look at Liam.  No one said a word, waiting on Liam, because this was obviously his story to tell.
Liam was peering down at the ground, seeing some distant memory there.  When he finally looked at me from beneath his lashes, the pain there was difficult to witness.  “I know about the prophecy because my…my mother was the seer.  Alec overheard her, but did not listen to the prophecy in its entirety.  That is why they did not know of the mark on your skin.” He glanced to Nikolas.  “She did not tell me the prophecy, she did not have to.  I was there when the vision came on her.”  His eyes scanned the group, then tracked back to me, voice pleading that I believe his next words.  “My mother was nothing like my father.  She was all things good and pure and kind, she was betrothed to my father, it was never a choice she made.”
Every soul in the vicinity hung on his every word as he continued.  
“She did not tell my father of the vision, but soon learned that Alec already had.  When she realized the danger you were in, she sent word to your father and mother, knowing what it could mean for her.”  He drew in a shaky breath, eyes downcast.  “When my father learned of what she had done…he…he slit her throat.”  He said, voice cracking.  Then almost in a whisper, “I was there for that as well.  As I sat crying by her side, begging her to wake up…”  Another shaky breath as a tear rolled down his cheek.  “He told me…he said this was the price for betrayal.”  He looked at each face again.  “That is when I decided I would be nothing like my father.  When I learned they had located the princess, I set off in hopes of joining the Knights of Castle Lux.  I never dreamed I would be the one to find her and when I did, I knew I must safely see her here.”  He looked at me now.  “I will do anything to protect you, I will do anything in my power to ensure that mother did not lose her life in vain.”
I blinked and the tears that had pooled in my eyes spilled over.  “I am so sorry, what…what can I do?”
He smiled sadly and his answer was simple.  “You can keep breathing for me.”
Nikolas turned to face me, a knowing look in his eyes since he had had a similar conversation with me.  Twice.  I could see that his cheeks glistened as well.  I looked around and there wasn’t a dry eye to be had.
My mother walked swiftly over to Liam, taking his face in her hands.  I realized she had the sweetest voice when she spoke.  “Sweet boy, I can never repay you for what you have done, or replace what you have lost, but you have a home here now, always…if you wish it.”
Relief washed over Liam’s face as he smiled.  “Thank you.”
My father walked up and clasped Liam on the shoulder then.  “Well, son.  If it’s a knighthood you still wish to have, say the word and it is yours.”
Liam looked to Nikolas, a silent question in his eyes.  Nikolas nodded as he looked back at Liam.  “I would be honored to serve beside you, Sir.”  Nikolas extended a hand, and Liam took it.  
My father patted Liam on the back again.  “It seems you require a new wardrobe, my boy.”  
A golden blur whipped past me then, launching itself into Nikolas’ arms.  “Nikolas, my love.  They said you had returned.  I am so glad you are safe!”  Her voice was high pitched and sounded childlike as she rained kisses over his face.
Nikolas looked like you could’ve bought him for a penny.  He patted her on the back uncomfortably and shot me a pleading look.
My stomach twisted in knots and blood rushed to my cheeks.  That look did not bode well.
The girl on Nikolas’ face climbed down and turned to look at me for the first time.  She smiled sweetly, but it didn’t match her eyes.  “Oh!  This must be the princess!  I am so happy you’ve made it back safely.  But, of course my Nikolas would deliver you unharmed.”  She laughed, a sound that hit my ears like nails on a chalkboard.  “But, then, he doesn’t know how to fail.”  She trailed a hand down his arm.
Nikolas stared at nothing, face pale like he may be sick at any moment.
The girl tossed her thick blonde curls over her slim shoulder and wrinkled her perfect, demure nose.  “So sorry, I am Brigitte!”  She turned to look adoringly at Nikolas.  “I am Nikolas’ betrothed.”
My heart dropped to my toes and my stomach twisted tighter as I forced a smile that required an unbelievable amount of effort.  And then I thought…
Maybe some of us have made promises.



Chapter 17
 It’s not like he’s mine.
That’s what I kept telling myself, that was the mantra I repeated over and over again in my head as I tried to look anywhere but the spot where Nikolas and his…betrothed…stood.  But, my eyes had a mind of their own.  No matter how I tried, they kept tracking back to him, hoping to view a different scene.  A scene where this Brigitte did not have her tiny arm twined through Nikolas’.   
The worst part of it all was that I could feel Nikolas’ eyes on me every moment.  I was hyperaware of him, his presence surrounding me like a thick fog.  
“Danica?  Dani?  Is something the matter?”  My father’s voice broke through the fog.  
“Hmmm?”  I turned to focus on his face.  “Fine, I’m fine.”  The words came out high-pitched and wrong.  
My father studied my face, he wasn’t fooled.  “You have been through so much in such a short time.  This all…it must not be easy for you.”
My eyes found Nikolas for a split second.  “Some things are more difficult to take than others.”  I looked back to my father and caught sight of the auburn haired woman positioned several feet behind him.  She stood wringing her hands, watching me, but trying to look like she wasn’t.  “Is…is that my…um…my mother?”   
He glanced over his shoulder and a smile broke across his face, big and bright.  “She is.  She would very much like to meet you, if it is what you wish.”     
“Yes, of course.  I would like that very much.”  I told him as my stomach dropped a few inches.
Offering his arm, my father led me over to the woman with auburn hair.  I noticed the other woman, the blonde one, was nowhere to be seen.  
“Sweet Girl, allow me to introduce you Isla, well-loved Queen of Avenlore and Lady of the Valley of Light.”   
She smiled warmly at me, eyes glistening.  She reached for me, then pulled her hands back, unsure of what to do.  I smiled and extended my hands and she immediately grasped them in her tiny ones.  Taking a deep breath, she looked into my eyes and I watched as tears tracked down her face.  “The title I am most proud of…is that of your mother.  If, if you will still have me, that is.”  Immediately I knew I’d heard that voice before, it was the voice of the woman who beckoned me from the portal. 
I found I couldn’t speak, so I just nodded as my own sob caught me by surprise.  Her voice was so familiar and not just as the voice that helped to bring me here.  Some deeply buried part of me knew her the same way that I knew how to breathe.  It was like an instinct.
It was the same with my father.  It was all just so undeniably right.  They felt, well, tethered there, to my heart and soul.  Maybe what Nikolas said had been more than just pretty words.    
Maybe he was tethered to me as well and In light of recent events, that was going to be extraordinarily problematic for me.
My mother gave me a knowing look, and I feared she’d read my feelings on my face.  “You look tired, dear.  I know the past few days have been exceedingly difficult and you must be so exhausted.  Allow me to show you to your chambers, a warm meal and a good rest will do so much.”  She smiled warmly again.
I nodded in response to my mother’s offer and breathed an internal sigh of relief that she was chalking up my no doubt worn and worried face to exhaustion.  Of course I was tired, absolutely I was, but this whole situation with Nikolas has sent me into sort of a tailspin.  I could almost hear the pilot’s distress call...
Mayday, mayday!
…and I didn’t want anyone to pick up on that.  
I had to hand it to my parents though, they held understanding in abundance.  While I wanted to spend time with them, get to know them, I was overwhelmed and exhausted and…hurt.  The longer I stood here, near Nikolas with Brigitte melded to his side like they were conjoined twins, the more pronounced the pain became.
I needed to deal with that pain and I needed to deal with it alone…not to mention the other things I wanted to do like sleep in a bed and my gracious, bathe.  
My mother led me into the castle, while my father accompanied us and I was so lost in thought and feeling that I was completely unaware of my surroundings until we reached my room.  
My father opened the thick wooden door with a massive grin plastered across his face.
When I looked into the room, I understood why.  If nothing else had been like a fairytale, this room was.
Walls, off white and smooth like marble set off the silver tapestries, stitched with pastel colors depicting scenes of beautiful waterfalls and flowing streams.  The bed was enormous and covered in light gray bedding with a pale pink textured print that reminded me of something I was pretty sure was called damask.  Iridescent stitching caught the light and shimmered, perfectly matching the billowy canopy that hung around the bed like so many fluffy clouds.  The bed itself was made of a sturdy pale wood, the color of crepe myrtle bark.  Massive pillows covered half the bed and a nook in the wall provided a wide seat covered in a thick, long cushion that matched the bedding.  The window behind it reached from the seat to the ceiling. 
There were beautiful wardrobes to match the bed and a writing table complete with quill and ink pot.  Matching tables sat to either side of bed, topped by lanterns that held many bright spots of light that waxed and waned alternately like fireflies.  Every level surface in the room held vases sprouting fat bouquets of pale pink roses and white lilies and half a dozen other flowers I’d never even seen and the air carried their sweet scents.  
A luxurious rug spanned almost every inch of the circular room, threads every shade of gray and silver.  Cozy warmth wafted from the fireplace and for once, the fire was provided via regular old ordinary logs, crackling and hissing as they burned.  
But the kicker, well that had to be the ceiling.  High and domed, it was home to an immaculate and detailed painting.  A woman and a man stood far apart in a meadow filled with flowers, seemingly unaware of one another and each looking haunted and lost as an angel hovered above each one.  It was beautiful and heartbreaking.
I turned to my parents who stood with their arms around each other, patiently watching as I took in the room.  “Its…its just so…they are no words.”  I told them.  
Hesitantly, I walked to my mother and father and wrapped an arm around each one, forming a group hug kind of thing.  Their relief at my affection was palpable and I felt my heart swell a little in response.  
“I am so very glad you are safe with us at last.”  My mother whispered through tears.
“Me too.”  I said.
Dad let out a sigh of relief.  He didn’t speak, but I felt a shudder roll through him with a poorly concealed sob. 
After an undetermined amount of time in our huddle, we began bidding each other goodnight.  My mother indicated the door that led to my own private washroom and asked if I would like to come down to the dining hall and take a meal after I freshened up.  I really didn’t feel up for it though.  Truth be told, I was such a bundle of nerves I didn’t think I could eat at all.  She finally got me to agree to let a bowl of soup and some cider be delivered to my room in case I changed my mind later.
Each of my parents hugged me again, this time one on one, then stood in the doorway and stared at me like I may disappear for a few breaths before retiring to their own quarters.  I figured I looked at them much the same since that was exactly what it felt like.  Even though the circumstances of our reunion were far from ideal, I still feared having a family, my own actual family, was just a dream I would wake from. 
On my own in the massive bedroom, at first I was mostly happy in the wake of the reunion with my parents, but then I’ve always said alone with your thoughts is a dangerous place to be.  It was as true now as it ever was.  Five minutes alone and my mind began replaying the golden blur as she ran past me and pasted herself to Nikolas.  
I shook my head back and forth, trying to dislodge the image, but to no avail.  This new development came on the heels of learning the whole business where Liam had failed to mention he was the son of the man who was actively trying to end my life.  I mean, that wasn’t his fault, but geez, he could’ve given me a heads up.
I floated across the room to the door my mother had indicated was the washroom on my gloomy cloud.  At least I had gotten to meet my mom and be reunited with my father again.  Talk about taking the good with the bad.
I opened the door to the washroom and discovered an immense stone tub that was already filled with steaming water waiting for me.  Rose petals floated on the still surface, their scent permeating the air.  Sighing at the glorious sight, I undressed and sank to my chin in the water, easing back to lean my head against the stone.  I breathed in the steam and closed my eyes and…saw Nikolas’ face.
Crap.
I opened my eyes again, so much for a long, relaxing bath.  
Sitting back up, I decided sleep was the only thing that may save me from my thoughts.  I scrubbed and washed quickly, ready to get to the part where I was unconscious and incapable of coherent thought.
A table contained in the washroom was home to several grooming tools and multiple bottles of scented oils.  I sniffed each one, deciding on a light floral scent with notes of rose and peach blossom.  Plucking a heavy wooden brush from the table top, I worked the tangles from my hair before lacing the strands into a long, loose braid.  
I donned the robe that hung in the bathroom, at least that’s what I thought it was.  It was pale blue, the material plush and thick.  If I hadn’t found it in this room, I would’ve assumed it was some fancy overcoat thing.  
I knew I’d never had things this nice before but discovered my memories of what I did have were fuzzy and where I came from had also become a hazy spot in my mind.  I could see my “aunt’s” face, but couldn’t remember her name and I could see beautiful mountain sides and a lit up, busy strip of road, but didn’t know what the place was called.  
That was kind of strange, and I would have to ask someone about that soon.  But right now, I wouldn’t worry over it.  There was nowhere available in my mind to process this development presently.
Walking back into the bedroom, I discovered the soup and cider seated on the desk.  I still didn’t feel like eating, but the soup did smell divine.  I picked up the cup of cider and inhaled the rich scent of apples and sipped slowly.  The warm liquid slid over my lips and down my throat, soothing as it went.
I turned to stare at the bed and it called to me, promising warmth and comfort, but I was wound kind of tightly for sleep at the moment.  I sleep would elude me if I attempted to lie there, but my thoughts would not.  I turned my gaze toward the door instead.  Decision made, I went to wardrobe and found a simple yet pretty emerald green frock and yanked it on.  
On bare feet I walked to the door and pulled it open.
Nikolas was on the other side mid stride, pacing in front of the doorway, fingers raking through his damp hair.
My heart twisted as my stomach descended to my toes.  
He stopped when he saw me, hands clenching and unclenching at his sides while his mouth worked silently as he opened it to speak, but didn’t half a dozen times.
Dark circles hung beneath his eyes, his captivating features screwed up by the pained expression on his face.  He walked a few steps forward, leaving only about a foot of space between us.  He concentrated his intense gaze on me and I was paralyzed.  “If you want me to go, you need only to tell me.”
Of course I wouldn’t, glutton for punishment that I was.
I glanced back and forth in each direction.  “Where is your, uh, betrothed?  I’m surprised she allowed you out of her sight.”  My words emerged from my mouth with more bite than I’d intended. 
He looked wounded by my statement, maybe even a little angry, at least at the floor where his gaze had fallen at my words.  “Not sure.”  He sounded like he didn’t care, or maybe that was just how I wanted to interpret it.   
A voice in my head told me my comment sounded a little on the bitchy side and I didn’t really feel I had a right to act that way.  I felt that way, wounded and catty, but I couldn’t pour that on him like he’d slighted me in some way.  What had he done?  Rescued me, comforted me?  And wasn’t I just teetering on the Liam/Nikolas seesaw only a few hours ago?  
I was such a hypocrite.  
I could almost hear the internal GPS in my head.  ‘Recalculating.  Recalculating.’  I backpedaled.  “I mean, she just seemed worried about you.”  He still looked wounded, eyes unfocused in the direction of the wall to my right now.  “I would’ve been.”
His eyes flicked back to mine and stayed there and then the words were hurriedly pouring from his mouth.  “Our parents just announced our betrothal a week ago, just a few days before we left in search of you.”  He looked away and mussed his hair with his fingers again.  “Apparently, Brigitte has known for years, I only learned of it the day her parents came and demanded we make the announcement.”  He blew out a breath and met my eyes again.
He looked so lost now and that was totally at odds with the confident, charming guy I was pretty sure was his norm.  
“You don’t owe me an explanation.”  I told him quietly.
His eyebrows knitted together as he tilted his head just slightly to one side.  He shuffled a little closer and leaned his head down, rooting me to the spot with his electric blue eyes.  His words were almost a whisper.  “Don’t I?”
Oh…so much trouble.
I couldn’t stop myself from blurting out my thoughts.  “So, you don’t love her?”  I asked, trying to sound like it didn’t matter to me.  Fail.
“Am I interrupting?”  Liam’s voice effectively popped the little bubble Nikolas and I were holed up in.
Nikolas groaned and leaned away from me leisurely as I stepped back too quickly into the door frame and bumped my head.  
“Yes.”  Nikolas ground out between clenched teeth.  
I squeaked out a “No!”  at the same time.  
Liam smirked and leveled Nikolas with a look.  “Your, uh…betrothed is it?  Yes, I believe so.”  He glanced at me, then back to Nikolas.  “She is looking for you.  Rather worked up, demanding your location from anyone with ears, and probably those without ears if she were to encounter anyone so unfortunate.  Charming girl, that one.”  He laughed and tried to cover it with a cough.
Nikolas closed his eyes slowly and ran a hand over his face and through his deep brown waves.  I heard him mumble something about ‘the Maker’ under his breath.  Opening his eyes, he looked to me with that same troubled look that begged my understanding.
“She’s somewhere in that direction, mate.”  Liam offered, jerking a thumb over his shoulder to the left.  
Liam looked at me now.  “You look well, Princess.”
Nikolas turned to him and if his eyes could’ve spit fire I believe they would have.  “Tell me, Liam… or do you prefer William?  What brings you to this particular wing of the castle?  You are aware that the royal apartments are housed here and only the royal family is allowed?”
Nodding and smirking, Liam responded.  “Liam, please.  And forgive my boldness Sir Nikolas, but doesn’t that beg the same question of you then?”
The Nikolas I’d first met made his appearance then, flashing a grin and a knowing look at Liam.  He folded his arms across his chest and tilted his head to side.  “Did I not mention?  There are quarters here as well for on duty Royal Guardsmen…as well as a permanent residence for the head of the Royal Guard.”
Liam turned three different shades of red before replying.  “I see.  Well, I just wanted to check that the Princess was well.”
Nikolas looked to me and I nodded.  
“Very well, make your visit brief.  I will leave you to it.”  Nikolas took a step back, holding me with his eyes.  “The answer to your question is no.  Without question, no.”  He left us there alone, and headed off down the hallway to the right.
I watched him go until Liam cleared his throat.  I whipped my head back to focus on Liam who just stared at me for a moment, his face unreadable.  Despite what expression was plastered on his face, he still remained beautiful and mysterious to the power of ten.  It kind of scrambled my brain to look at him.  
And then I remembered I was angry with him a little and decided to start there.  “Forget to mention something, did we?”  I spat the words in his general direction.
Anger flashed in Liam’s pale green eyes, making them a few shades darker.  “From the look on your face in the courtyard, I’d say I was not the only one who forgot to mention something.”  He shot back.
He did not just go there.
My breath came quicker as I tried to think of something suitable to say.  “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”  The words came out kind of sing-songy, so they weren’t exactly convincing.  
Liam nodded and looked pointedly at me, leaning in closer.  “I am quite sure you do…and I did not wish to frighten you with the knowledge of who I was.”
I lifted my chin defiantly, and locked eyes with him as my heart rate sped up.  “Maybe you should’ve had a little faith in me, you might’ve been surprised.”
Liam held my eyes with one of his soul-burning gazes.  My skin was flushed with embarrassment and anger as I returned his stare, refusing to back down.  His eyes softened and he extended a hand, trailing his fingers lightly along my cheekbone.  Before I could react, he laced his fingers through my hair down to the nape of my neck and tugged me forward.
Lips against my ear, he whispered.  “Oh, Dani…I was.”  Liam guided my head back until he could see my eyes and he was captivating…he was fire and danger and beauty.  Voice rough, he spoke again.  “There was something I wanted to tell you, before they found us by the cave…”
“What?”  I breathed.
He searched my eyes, vulnerability flashing in his own.  “This.”  He grasped my face with both hands and pulled me to him.  His lips, warm and soft, pressed to mine with a desperation that made me feel like I may unravel or he may unravel, or maybe we both would.  He inhaled deeply, like he was breathing in the moment and not the air and my heart rate climbed higher.
Liam broke the kiss and took a step back, a satisfied smirk curving his mouth up at one side.  Without a word, he turned on his heel and strode off down the hall, never once looking back, leaving me breathless and dumbfounded, with my mouth hanging open like an idiot.
Damn him.



Chapter 18
It was late afternoon when I finally woke, as I had spent the better part of the previous night staring down the hallway, in one direction for a while, and then in the other.  
After that, I crawled into my massive and unbelievably comfy bed and stared at the ceiling for a while.  Once my brain had exhausted itself with the wonders that were Nikolas and Liam, it finally shut down and allowed me to sleep.  
The smell of food coaxed me from the mounds of blankets and pillows I was entrapped in once the sun was on its downhill swing and I discovered the meal from the night before had been replaced with a steaming bowl of chicken soup, fresh bread, and tea.  This time, I did eat.  I even sopped the bowl clean using the small loaf.
I stepped into the washroom and splashed water over my face, then rubbed my oil of choice over my pulse points.  From a wardrobe, I chose a cream colored number composed of a satiny material beneath a black lace overlay.  I walked back to the bathroom and studied my reflection in the large, gilded mirror that leaned against the wall.  Undoing my braid, I combed my fingers through the waves until I was satisfied with my reflection.  While I knew I was nowhere near the corner of beautiful and gorgeous, a girl couldn’t help but feel a little pretty in a dress like that.
A timid knock sounded at my door as I walked back into the bedroom.  My heart did backflips as I worried Nikolas or Liam may be waiting on the other side of the thick wood.  I took a few breaths to compose myself and opened the door to find my mother standing on the other side.  
“I am so sorry, my dear, but I just couldn’t stay away any longer.”  She explained, wringing her hands again.
“No, no.  Its fine, I’m happy you’re here.”  
“I thought you may have some questions…if so, I would be happy to answer them for you, we all would.”  My mother offered.
“I do, actually.  I have lots of questions.”  I wondered who “we” entailed nervously.
My mother nodded.  “Of course you do, my dear.  Come now and let us provide you with the answers you seek.  Then, maybe we can get down to some semblance of normalcy for you.  I know lately your life has been anything but.”  She looped her delicate arm through mine and led me down the hallway to the left.  
We rounded a corner and came to the royal suite that housed my parents’ rooms.  Thick double wooden doors with polished gold handles stood before us.  My mother turned to me and spoke.  “We passed by this way last night and your father and I pointed out our quarters.  I do believe you were too exhausted to notice.”  She offered a warm smile, but her eyes held the same knowing look they had the night before.  
I smiled and tried to make it believable.  “Yes, I was.  I don’t remember that at all.”
My mom kept the smile on her face and nodded, but disappointment crossed over her fair features.  “Not to worry, you are well acquainted with its location now.”  She let go of my arm and threw both doors open.  “This is our private parlor.”
The room was large with high ceilings and the upholstery was a muted gold, from the thick drapes to the furnishings, all plush and cushy and inviting.  The back wall was all windows, floor to ceiling, flooding the room with sunlight.  The endless lake stretched out beyond the windows, waters sparkling like liquid emeralds.  
My father stood staring out across the water and I recognized the golden haired woman seated at a desk, intently studying the open book on the desk in front of her.
My mother gestured toward the woman.  “Danica, this is Soleil, Enchantress of Castle Lux and longtime friend of House Connolly.”
Soleil unfolded herself from the seat she occupied and crossed the floor gracefully, movements like water, flowing and seamless.  She stopped in front of me, offering a slight bow.  “Princess, my heart is gladdened that you are where you belong once again.”
“Thank, thank you.”  I blurted.  It was imposing to be in her very presence, not to mention she was an amazon and had to be about six feet tall, and I felt like a child looking up at her.  
If memory served, this woman was over two hundred years old and aging remarkably well.  She looked to be in her middle to late thirties.  Her skin was pearly and iridescent, her laugh lines and crow’s feet only visible when she smiled.  Thick glossy hair like spun gold was twisted into a loose bun at the nap of her neck.
“Perhaps we should be seated for this discussion.”  My father offered as he crossed the floor.  He gestured to a grouping of cozy looking couches and we made our way over.  
I sat on one of the immense couches, only using the edge of the seat.  My mother shared my couch, sitting to my right and my father chose a large chair to my left.  Soleil lounged on the couch facing me, stretching her upper body across the cushions to rest her elbow on the arm of the couch, legs tucked neatly beneath her.
I thought it best to get my dumb question out of the way first.  I just had to know.  “So, are you like…uh, how old are you?”  
Soleil chuckled.  “Of all the things you could ask and that is your first question.”  
I smiled sheepishly and shrugged.
“Let us just say that I am older even than you are imagining, and leave it at that.”
Got it.  So, really old.
“Okay then, down to business.”  I took a deep breath, trying to decide what to start with.  “Why did you send me away?  I mean, I know what I’ve been told, but I want to hear it from the people that actually did it.”  As I said the words, I realized I was kind of angry.  Feelings of abandonment bombarded me and while the logical side of my brain called it a necessary evil, the emotional side called it rejection.
My mother reached out and took my hand in hers, tears brimming in her soft eyes.  “You must understand, my dear heart, we felt it was the best choice.  This was decision made with heavy hearts and…and we could not have parted with you, except to save your life.”  She squeezed my hand, lips trembling.
My father rubbed his massive hands over his face, and immediately he looked as if he’d aged ten years.
Soleil rose and crossed the space between us, kneeling down in front of me.  “I am to blame for this choice.  I felt there was nowhere in our realm he could not find you.  I had learned of another realm, a people who did not believe in magic, a place so very different from our own world.  It was the last place anyone would think to look for you and there are few who are even aware of the existence of another realm.  I cannot imagine how painful and difficult this all must be for you, but you were never abandoned.  I kept a close watch on you.”
My eyebrows rose at this proclamation.  “How?”
Soleil reached into a hidden pocket in the generous folds of her dress and opened her hand to reveal a small, clear orb, the size of a marble, balanced in her palm.   She withdrew her hand and the orb remained suspended in the air.  I drew in a breath at the sight of it hanging there as the moon hangs in the sky.  With a flick of her fingers, the orb grew to the size of a basketball.  With another flick, she brought forth the image of a busy strip of road lined with shops, walkways full of people moving busily down the path. 
It was the same image I’d recalled the previous night in my mind, but again, I couldn’t think of the name of the place.  “That…that’s where I was.”  I breathed.
Soleil smiled warmly and nodded.  “We, your parents and I, would view you each day, often many times a day.”
My father nodded in confirmation.  “We have never forgotten you, sweet girl, not for one moment of one day in all these seventeen years.”  
I felt a tear escape my eye and nodded my understanding.  The anger I’d felt had begun to ebb.
My mother squeezed my hand again, face wet with tears.  “There wasn’t much time to decide who to leave you with.  We did not know the woman we chose would be so…so…please forgive us, my child.”
I couldn’t remember the woman’s name, but I did know she wasn’t an awful person.  My memories of her were fading fast and I knew that parting with her was like parting with an acquaintance, someone that you didn’t really mind, but wouldn’t really miss either.  “No, no…she wasn’t a bad person, she just wasn’t, well…a parent.”  I said, trying to soothe my parents.  The guilt they were carrying hung so heavily in the air I thought it may soon suffocate me.
My mother bit her lip and nodded, then released my hand to pull a handkerchief from a glass box on the table next to her and dabbed her eyes.  
Another thought occurred to me.  “Why can’t I remember the place I was clearly?”  
Soleil stood from the floor, tapped the orb, causing it to return to its original size, and snatched it from the air. Walking away, she took up her place on the opposite couch.  “As time passes for you in this realm, your mind will let go of that place.  Passing from one realm to the other causes the loss of memories forged in the place you left behind.”
“So…I’m going to forget seventeen years of my life?  Like, like it never happened?”  Disbelief clouded my mind as I tried to decide just how upset about that I was.  
My life hadn’t been the greatest, but it hadn’t been horrid either.  And, those were my memories, I didn’t want to lose them.  The only way to keep them would be to return to the place I came from.  That would mean losing this place and all of the people that came with it.  That was phenomenally more disturbing than losing what I’d had before I came here, so I supposed the only thing to do was deal.  I would just deal with it and get over it.  There didn’t seem to be another option.
“I know it doesn’t make up for what you will lose, but we will make new memories, and by the Maker’s grace, may they be the happiest of your life.”  My mom offered, attempting to soften the blow.
“Yeah, okay.”  That was about all I could come up with at the moment.
“Do you have any other questions?”  My father had risen to his feet and was pacing behind the couch Soleil was seated on.  
I looked down to find my fingers working over the mark on my wrist.  “Yes.”  I wrenched back the left sleeve of my dress.  “What in hades is this about?”
My mother answered this question, her words soft and low.  “It is a mark of the power that flows in your blood.”
I blinked at her.  “Okaaay, so where is yours?”
“I do not have one, dear.”  She exposed her wrists to me to provide proof.
I glanced at my father, eyebrows raised in question.
“Nor I.”  He said, shoving up his sleeves.  He showed me his wrists as well, also devoid of any marks.
“But, you said it was in my blood.  Don’t we have the same blood?”  I stood and took up pacing as well.    
When my mother spoke, her words were slow and deliberate, the way one explains things to a small child.  “We do, my dear, but the power that flows through you has never been commanded by your father or me.”
I shook my head.  “I don’t understand.”
My father put it more simply.  “We cannot do what you can, sweet girl.”
I huffed out a breath and folded my arms across my chest.  “Then how can I?  Where did I get this…this ability?”
Soleil stood and glided over the floor toward me, tugging up her sleeve as she came.  “From me.”  
The same mark was etched into the skin of her left wrist.
Well, that was unexpected.
“Right, okay.  How exactly?”  I stared into Soleil’s angelic face as I awaited her answer.
A subtle smile crossed her lips at my reaction.  “My only son married the youngest daughter of King Erik Connolly.  Your father descends directly from that bloodline, as do you.  So you see, it is in your blood to be quite a powerful enchantress.  What you have been able to do is but a fraction of what you could be capable of.”  
I thought back to when I’d watched the blade halt mid-air during the battle by the orchard.  “Did I, did I stop that blade?  I mean, that was me?”
Soleil nodded.
Again, very much unexpected.
“But, the portal, you did that?”
Soleil’s mouth quirked up at one corner as she shook her head.  “That was you as well.”
Holy rolling armadillos.
“But…no.”  I pivoted toward my mother.  “I heard your voice.”  I whispered.
Fresh tears welled in my mom’s eyes.  “Yes, we were watching you.”
Soleil chimed in.  “When you pass into the other realm, it leaves a mark, if you will.  I have the ability to detect when someone crosses over and since I was not responsible for it, I knew it must be the work of Dark magic.  It is a rare talent to breach the boundaries between realms, so when I felt it, I immediately found you with the viewing sphere.”
My mother nodded in affirmation.  “Soleil was about to open a portal for you, and then you did it all on your own.”  She smiled proudly at me.  “We knew you couldn’t understand what you had done, so I called to you, in hopes of coaxing you through the portal.” 
I collapsed onto the couch in a heap, rubbing my temples as I tried to process what I had been told.
“How did I do that?”  I leaned back against the cushions and stared at Soleil.
“Not sure, really.  I have never seen power manifest so effortlessly for anyone.  Not even myself.”  She shrugged, like it wasn’t really that big of a deal.
I looked to my father.  “And you can’t do these things?”
He walked closer and propped himself on the arm of the couch, shaking his head.  “No, sweet girl.  Men are not affected by this particular ability.”  He gestured to Soleil and then me.  
“So, all the women can do this?”  I realized I had the fabric of my dressed clenched between my fingers.
My mother spoke up.  “You are the first female descendent in over two hundred years.”
“Oh.”  I looked at each of their faces, ending with Soleil.  “Wait, are you…so you’re like immortal?”
Soleil scoffed.  “Hardly.  I simply know a few tricks to slow the work of age.”  I raised an eyebrow at her.  “Considerably.”  She amended.
“And what about your family?  Are they…old too?”  I asked.
For the first time, I saw sadness in her honey eyes.  “No.  I tried, but that particular magic was not effective on others.  You may wonder why I chose to outlive them, and for that I can only say I felt it was my duty, I believed I was needed.  The gifts we have are rare, but soon my time will come.”  This last revelation seemed to make her happy.
“I’m sorry.”  I offered quietly.
Soleil shook her head, golden tendrils drifting around her face with the movement.  “Do not be sorry for me, I will see them again soon.”
I nodded and smiled weakly, then looked out the window.  “It’s really nice out.”  I blurted, desperate to talk about something normal.
My father chuckled and my mother looked relieved.
Soleil smiled and nodded and then, she threw some dust at me.  
“What the…what’d you do that for?”  I sputtered as I clamped my eyes closed against the particles.  
Soleil’s voice came from further away than I anticipated.  “I cast a protection spell over you, child.”
“I would’ve been alright with a little warning.”  I coughed and opened my eyes to see Soleil reaching for the door.
She threw a grin over her shoulder and laughed.  “Yes, but I do enjoy the look on people’s faces when I do it that way.”  One look at my shocked expression and she was laughing heartily again.
She disappeared through the doorway and I swung my head around to look at my father.  
He shrugged and shook his head.  “She is a unique soul.”  
My mother stood from the couch and made her way to me, a strange smile on her face.  “Dear heart, in honor of your return, we have decided to throw a ball in two day’s time!”
Oh, trouble trouble.
“Really?”  A ball was an exciting and terrifying prospect.
“Yes, what do you think?”  She asked enthusiastically.  
I thought about it and it was kind of the dream, wasn’t it?  Only, the dream didn’t include me feeling torn between two undeniably hypnotizing men.  And it positively did not include one of said men being betrothed to a ridiculously gorgeous and aggravating girl.
Yeah, what could possibly go wrong?  
Lots.
I put on my bravest front and smiled as earnestly as I could.  “Sounds like it could be an unforgettable night.”


Chapter 19
My father stood across the room with my mother where he was humoring her with a discussion of who would be included at the head table.  I could tell he was humoring her because his response to each comment she made was, “Absolutely my pearl, you have the right of it.”
I was across the immense room studying a wall of books when the doors to the parlor burst open.  My heart faltered a little when I saw Nikolas striding toward my parents.  
Completely oblivious to my presence, he fell to a knee before my father.  “Forgive me, Your Majesty, but I have urgent news from the field.”
He wore a light weight white shirt that billowed with his movements, cut simply, with a collar and v-neck tucked into his light brown fitted his pants.  His simple outfit was completed with polished black boots.  Dark waves fell across his forehead and spilled down around his ears and his skin was flushed at his cheeks.
He was beautiful.
My heart twisted, something inside me called to him…and he seemed to hear it.
With a sharp huff of breath, he turned slowly and I was transfixed by his impossibly blue eyes.  Even with a distance of about twenty yards between us, he felt so close, like we were breathing the same air.  
He took a step toward me and knelt.  “My apologies, Princess.  I did not know you were here.”
I nodded and my mouth quirked up at one corner.  “I told you, it’s Dani.”
He bowed his head, and then stood again, pivoting back toward my father.  “Shall I continue, Sire?”
My father glanced to me.  “Of course, I want nothing hidden from my daughter.”
Nikolas nodded and resumed his story.  “Our scouts advise that Lord Soren is staying in the town of Ruedenbury.”
“What could interest him in Ruedenbury?  It’s over a week’s ride from here, and if memory serves, there is nothing particularly notable there.”  Father walked to a rounded table I’d paid little attention to and pointed to a specific point on it.
 “I thought the very same, Sire.”  Nikolas confirmed, walking to join him at the table.
I found my feet heading in that direction as well, and upon closer inspection, I realized the table was a map.  It was extraordinarily detailed, complete with raised mountains and flowing rivers.  I quickly picked out Castle Lux on the map and then searched until I located Ruedenbury.  It was definitely a good distance from where we were.  
My father bent over the table, staring at the town as if it may reveal its secrets if he studied it hard enough.  “What is he doing there?”
Nikolas glanced at me then back to my father.  “Nothing.  That is what concerns me.”
Nodding, my father moved his fingers over the town.  “Then we shall continue to watch him quietly.”
“As you wish.”  Nikolas responded with an incline of his head.
My mother leaned into my father, crooking an arm through his.  “Enough of this talk now, dearest.  This should be a happy day.”
My father smiled, placing a hand over hers.  “You have the right of it, blossom.”
Her answering smile was epic.  She turned the full power of it on Nikolas, who couldn’t stop his own grin at her expression.  “Nikolas, there will be a ball in two day’s time and I fully expect your enthusiastic participation.”
Nikolas grinned his perfect, charming grin and made a show of bowing for my mother.  “Then, you shall have it, my Queen.”  He turned to me.  “You must save me a dance, Dani.”
Oh no.
“Yes.”  I answered a little too eagerly.
Nikolas held my eyes for a moment then looked back to my father who had been drawn back into a conversation with my mother about what musicians would be best suited for the ball.  “Good day, Sire.”
“I will walk with you, Nik.  I have some duties that require tending.”  He kissed my mother on the cheek and winked at me.  I think he was making it known to me that this was his excuse to escape all manner of ball planning.  
I grinned in reply.
Nikolas halted as he drew closer to me, offering a quick bow.  “Until then.”  
“Yes.”  I answered again and I could’ve sworn my vocabulary was more extensive than that.  As he aimed a heart-wrenching smile at me, unease seeped through my veins with the memory of the kiss I’d shared with Liam.  I hadn’t really kissed him back, but I hadn’t exactly beat him off with a stick either.
The little devil on my shoulder whispered I was stupid for feeling guilty and that he was taken, I was not.  He’d made promises, I hadn’t.
The little angel on my shoulder whispered that he did not love her, she was not a choice he’d made.  My actions would likely hurt him.
The little devil argued that he was making a choice everyday he allowed the impending union to proceed as scheduled.
They both made pretty valid points in my mind.  As a result, I remained equally confused, guilty, and wounded.
My eyes followed Nikolas as he followed my father from the room, forgetting I wasn’t alone.
“He is a remarkable young man.”  My mother said from just behind me.  She’d crept up on me unnoticed.
I swung around toward her, feeling like I’d been caught stealing.  “Is he?”  My voice was way too high.
She titled her head to the side, sympathy in her eyes.  “Unequivocally so, but I believe you have already reached that conclusion on your own.”
I turned from her as the blush stole across my skin, betraying me.  Pretending to study the map on the table, I shrugged.  “Yeah, he seems like a great guy.”
My mother laughed, but it sounded off, it sounded sad.  “When he learned you had been sent away, he stormed into this very room and demanded that we bring you back.  He held your father at sword point, of course it was a wooden play sword, but still quite a daring act for a small boy.  His parents hadn’t even noticed his absence.  He was so worried about you.”  I heard her breath catch.  “When the sword did not work, he begged.  He told us you were much too small to leave our care, that you would be afraid, that you would be sad.”  Her voice cracked as she spoke and she steadied herself with a long breath.  “He has always been an old soul, wiser than his years.”   
I turned to face her now, fighting back tears.  “I didn’t know that.”  I focused on composing myself.  “Who are his parents?”
“Lord Kenseth and Lady Letha Belmont.  He inherited the lordship from his family and she was one of my ladies.  She was a close friend to me and remained so for many years after her marriage.”  She folded herself into a chair and patted the seat of the one next to her.
I didn’t want to be so close, risk her seeing what I felt when I so much as heard his name, but I sat anyway.  “Where are they?  Are they here, at the castle?”
Sadness was etched into my mother’s expression.  “No, no.  I imagine they are traveling again by now.  We were close once.  The Belmonts spent much of their time here at the castle.  I was happy to have them and considered Letha a dear friend.  And Lord Belmont got on so well with your father.”
I scooted to the edge of my seat.  “What happened?”
My mother stared at me for a moment, then pressed her lips together and exhaled.  “I finally realized what Lady Letha was.”
I raised my eyebrows in question, but got no answer.  “What was she?”
She looked to the ceiling, as if the answer to the question could be found there.  And maybe it could because she answered after studying it a moment.  One word, but I’d wager there were other things that had come to mind and this was the kindest of them.  “Ambitious.” 
“Oh.”  That could mean a lot of things.  “Why?”
“You must not speak of such things to Nikolas.”  She raised her eyebrows, waiting for me to confirm that I wouldn’t.  I nodded.  “From almost the moment you were born, Letha pressed for a betrothal.  You were so young, your father was not at all interested in promising you to someone else and neither was I.”  My mouth dropped open, and she raised her eyebrows and nodded, a silent agreement with my expression.  “She continued to press on until you were sent away and I that point I thought it would stop.  They continued to stay close, though they were not around quite as often.  You’d been gone for five long years and she had the nerve to broach the subject again.  I was enraged that she wanted a promise of marriage when we were not even sure when we would see you again, if we would see you again.  So, I slapped her, straight across the face.”  
“I don’t blame you, I probably would’ve done the same.”  Pride swelled inside me.  She was my mother, my seemingly reserved and ladylike mother, but she wasn’t above dealing out a bitch slap when it was called for.
“Needless to say, it did not do wonders for our friendship.  After that, she and Lord Belmont departed, in search of new…friends.  They have spent the subsequent years rubbing elbows with the Kingdom’s nobility.”
“Didn’t they take Nikolas with them?”  He would’ve only been about nine when they left, surely they would’ve brought along their son.
The curled ends of my mother’s auburn hair swayed as she shook her head.  “No, no.  By that time, Nikolas had been a squire to Sir Luther Landon for nearly two years.  Nikolas wanted to stay and Sir Landon agreed to care for him and so he stayed behind.  Nikolas has essentially grown up here at Castle Lux.”
That made sense.  There had definitely been a closeness between Sir Landon and Nikolas.  Now I understood why.  Sir Landon had taught Nikolas how to be a knight and most likely, how to be a man.  “I met him, Sir Landon.”
Mother smiled.  “He is quite the character.”
I couldn’t help myself.  “So, his betrothal—“
My mother cut me off, finishing with her own thought.  “—is a tragedy for the poor boy.”  She read my confusion and explained further.  Grant it, I thought it was a tragedy, but I doubt she shared my reasons and I was curious as to what hers were.  “The Wintree family has quite a massive estate.  Lord Wintree is a high Lord, where Lord Belmont is only barely nobility.  Wintree’s Lordship is much more…lucrative than Belmont’s.  Brigitte was sent to court in search of a match and she was instantly smitten with Nikolas.  Her family’s rank made her attractive to the Belmont’s…or Lady Belmont rather.  I suspect this is largely her doing.”
I had a thought.  “I was under the impression it was her family who pressed for the announcement.”
Mother scoffed.  “No, not the family, Brigitte herself.”  She bit her lip as she decided how to best deliver her thoughts.  “She is, well the girl…let us just say it is painfully obvious that Lady Brigitte is accustomed to getting her way.  She has her father wrapped around her little fingers.”
I nodded.  “So, she’s a brat, a spoiled rotten brat.”
My mother fought a smile.  “Yes, I believe that about does it justice.”  She paused and breathed contentedly.  “You know, I do love just talking with you, dear heart.”
A smile spread across my face.  “Me too.”
Mother stood and I did the same.  “I have some planning to do for the ball, would you like to join me?”
“Thank you, but I think I’d just like to take a look around the grounds if that’s okay?”  I didn’t want to hurt her feelings, but I wasn’t a party planning type of girl and I really did want to look around.
“Certainly, dear heart.  This is your home, one should know their home.”  She said, smiling.
“I do have one more question though.”  
“By all means, ask it.”  My mother said, tilting her head curiously.
“How is someone so young leader of all those knights and head of the Royal Guard?” 
My mother smiled at me knowingly and my blood rushed to fill my cheeks in response.  “Nikolas is trusted by the men, an excellent strategist, smart, brave, true, loyal down to his very bones…all the things a man in such a position should be.  You cannot place a man in a position and expect him to become what he needs to be just because you have placed a title upon him.  You must choose someone who already possesses the qualities you seek.  They choose him to lead them because of who he was, not who he would need to be, or how old he was.  The most important qualities in a leader are not things you acquire with age.”  She smiled again and kissed me on the head before turning to walk towards the door.  “Oh and Dani?”
I looked to see her standing at the door, hand upon the knob.  “Yes?”
“When the time comes and you are choosing a man to fill the post of your husband, remember that the same applies.  You must choose a man who already possesses the qualities you seek.”  She said, then winked and disappeared through the door.    
Once I was alone in the room, I sank onto an abundant ottoman that resembled a giant cream puff.  
I knew my mother wasn’t an idiot.  I knew she noticed me all but salivating over Nikolas.  I would have to work on tamping down the obviousness of my feelings because right now, they were about as unnoticeable as an army of flashing neon signs would be sprouting from the top of my head.  
But maybe my feelings should just be buried.  Nikolas wasn’t free and even if she wasn’t his choice, the fact remained…he was not free.  
And…if I pursued him in anyway, what kind of person did that make me?  And besides, I kissed Liam last night or let him kiss me, or whatever, I wasn’t going to split hairs.  There was a kiss and that was enough.  
Good Lord, who had I become?  I felt sick again, like the skin I was wearing didn’t fit.  I needed air.  Now.
As sweat started to bead on my forehead, I knew I needed to be alone, the heartsickness was taking over.
I made my way, as fast as I could without drawing too much attention to myself, to the nearest exit.
I emerged from the castle into an opulent garden with clumps of trees, beautiful flowers, and twisting paths that disappeared into thick greenery that went on and on.  
It was perfect.
You could get lost here and that is what I intended to do.



Chapter 20
I roamed around the garden, passing deeper and deeper into the beauty that surrounded me.  I followed the flowing waterways that wound through the massive flowers and shrubs.  
I tossed around the pros and cons of my dilemma in my head as I walked.  
With Liam, he was gorgeous and mysterious and I did feel something for him.  I just wasn’t sure what that something was.  He wasn’t betrothed and that made him available.  And that kiss, well, it was completely swoon worthy, but the earth did not move, no clouds parted, no angels sang.  Before Nikolas, I would’ve gone full tilt into pursuing something with Liam and happily so.  But...then came Nikolas and now I was existing in the dreaded gray area, no black and white to be found.
With Nikolas, I was blindsided by feelings that appeared as if they’d always been there.  He had this elusive quality, a draw to him from something that existed in his core.  He was the flame and I was the poor sap of a moth.  Nikolas was spell binding, the way he moved, the way others responded to him, his ability to command a situation, his sense of duty, his unmoving loyalty, and…the way he’d comforted me, held me.
Nikolas’ con was that he was taken, betrothed.  The word rolled around in my head like it was covered in slime.
Liam’s con was that…well…he was not Nikolas.
This situation sucked on multiple levels.   
Rounding a patch of trees, I came upon an occupied bench, buried deep in the garden.
Its occupant was none other than Nikolas.
He didn’t hear my approach as he sat with his back to me, quietly folding and unfolding his hands.  I should’ve turned around and slipped off unnoticed.  
I didn’t.
It took a few seconds, but he sensed me watching.  In one fluid motion, he was on his feet and pivoting to face me.
When our eyes met, I could feel the air charge.  My heart ached for him, begged to be closer.  It took every ounce of self-control I commanded not to oblige.  
I had to speak, the tension had to be broken.  “What are you doing way out here?”
He sighed, looking slightly ashamed.  “Hiding.”
Further explanation wasn’t necessary, I knew he was hiding from Brigitte.  “Don’t you think she can find you out here?”
Nikolas scoffed.  “She is not especially fond of…” He paused and spread his arms wide for emphasis.  “…nature.”  
“But, this is like a dream!”  I said sticking my arms out and spinning in a circle like a child.
Something in his eyes changed and he regarded me for a few breaths before he spoke.  “A beautiful dream.”  He uttered quietly.
I tore my eyes away, pretending to be fascinated by the foxglove planted nearby.  “There is going to be a ball, did you know?  I’ve never been to a ball.”
“I am sure you will capture the attention of the room.”  Nikolas offered in a tone that was almost sad.
“Hardly.”  Shaking my head, I turned back to him.  “You don’t have to do that.  I won’t tell anyone if you’re not constantly showering me with praise.”
A resonant laugh emerged on the breeze.  Eyebrows raised, Nikolas ran long fingers through his waves and jerked a thumb toward his chest.  “Do you think that is what I do?  You think that is one of the duties I’m expected to perform?”  He asked as he ambled slowly toward me.
I blinked at him and shrugged.  “I don’t know, really.  What are your duties?” I cocked my head to the side.  “Ah ha.  Saving damsels in distress!  Is that one of them?”
Nikolas chuckled and inclined his head toward me once.  “It is one of the advantages.”  A wicked grin curved his mouth and he prowled closer.  “Do you feel you are in danger, Milady?”
Absolutely.
“No.  Stop that.”  I chuckled.
Nikolas crept closer.  “There are dangers all around.”  He whispered playfully as he drew his sword.  He eyed a topiary fashioned into a griffon.  “Behind me now, Milady.  I shall best this beast!”  He cried with mock enthusiasm.  
“No!  What are you doing?”  I said through a giggle and thumped him on the arm.
Nikolas flashed one last grin at me before charging the poor unsuspecting shrub and sliced its head clean from its body.
I sucked in a breath, I hadn’t actually expected him to do it.  “You did not just do that!”
Nikolas took a step back, sheathing his sword.  He crossed one arm across his torso and tapped his chin with his index finger, studying headless winged body.  “Hmmm.  You know, I think I’ve improved it.”
When he said that, I lost it.  I laughed, like really laughed.  The kind of laughing that brings tears to your eyes and I felt free and happy and blissfully worry free for a moment.  He joined me, laughing as well, though not as emphatically as I did.  He watched me, a strange look in his eyes.
I backed into a low border wall and lost my footing mid-laugh and was well on my way to butt planting in the pale green waters it surrounded.
Sturdy arms caught me just before I hit the water and I heard a splash, but was pretty sure it wasn’t me.  Staggering blue eyes stared down at me as a ghost of a smile played on his lips.  “It seems you are not yet safe from the beast’s powers.”  
A squeal escaped my mouth as Nikolas threw me over his shoulder and trotted away.  From this vantage point, I noticed one of his legs was soaked to the knee.  “You got wet!”    
He laughed.  “Do not distress, Milady.  I shall live.”  
We didn’t go far, only to the bench he’d been seated on earlier.  He bent, allowing my feet to touch the ground, and gently guided me back until I was seated.  Training his eyes on mine, he lifted a lock of hair and smoothed it away from my face. 
I grinned at him and spoke in my very best ‘damsel in distress’ voice.  “You saved me!”
He sat next to me, a hint of a smile tugged at one corner of his mouth, but his eyes didn’t hold the same playfulness.  “I will always save you.”  
What had moments ago been a playful, goofy moment had morphed into something far more dramatic.  The very air between us seemed to crackle with sparks and every fiber of my being begged me to inch closer to him.  
I tried to give him a smile, but didn’t quite pull it off.  “I have no doubt.”  That was my honest answer, I knew if I were in actual danger, he would save me…or die trying.  That thought sent a shiver through my veins.  
The need to touch him was overwhelming and I knew there was coming a time when I absolutely could not touch him, at least not just because I wanted to.  And that was the best kind of touch.  So, I gave in.  I reached out and trailed a finger down the crooked line of his nose.  His eyes closed slowly and he exhaled deeply.  “What happened to your nose?”  I asked.
His eyes popped open and he smirked.  “It was broken.  A lot.  It’s ghastly isn’t it?”  
I studied his nose, then looked back into his haunting eyes and shook my head.  “I like it.”
Nikolas cocked an eyebrow.  “Do you now?  Then I shall break it again tomorrow?”  Then, he shot me his disarming and devilish grin and my heartbeats tripped over each other.
I leaned away a bit, the close contact fogging my mind, crumpling my inhibitions.  “You know, on second thought, I don’t like it that much.”
Nodding once, Nikolas leaned forward, gaining back the distance I’d placed between us.  “I just want to make it perfectly clear to you.  I meant what I said before…you will capture the attention of the room.”  He took my chin between his thumb and index finger.  “You are exquisite.”
I slid my chin from his fingers and shook my head as warmth spread over my cheeks.  “Not me.”  I whispered.
A gasp escaped his lips as he tilted his head to study me.  “You do not even know…you have no idea, do you?”
I stood, placing several feet of space between us.  “What you’re talking about?  No, I don’t.”  I blurted, shaking my head and knotting my fists into my dress.
Nikolas was on his feet, watching me as I paced.  “Dani.”  He said my name like a prayer.  “You should be reminded every day, so that you never forget.  You should know, you are exquisite.”
His gaze and his words were crippling me, stealing my air and rendering me defenseless.  I had to fight, had to stop this before I reached the point of no return.  I halted, and stared him down.  “What I know, what I know is that you are taken!”  My breath came in quick, short bursts as I huffed out the words.  “What I know is that if you keep looking at me the way you do, speaking to me the way you speak, I won’t be able to fight this.”  Drawing in a deep breath, I drug shaking hands through my hair.  My words were little more than a whisper when I spoke again.  “I will give in and…and…I don’t, I don’t want to be that girl.  I am not that girl.”
“I would never ask you to—“  Nikolas began, reaching a hand out for me.
I cut him off and backed away from his touch though it cost me great pains to do so.  “I know you wouldn’t, you wouldn’t have to.”
He stopped and the look on his face was painful to witness.  He looked like a tortured man and I wanted to save him.  “Dani, please.”
Tears welled in my eyes.  “I can’t…I can’t.”  I managed the words with some effort and turned from him and walked away while I was still capable.
As I retreated, I heard him call behind me.  “It doesn’t matter if you go,” That made me stop, that stung like hell.  I turned to look at him as he spoke softly.  “you will haunt me still.”
That stung worse.  A sob shook my body as the tears brimmed over, trailing down my cheeks.  I turned from him again, and I ran while I still could.



Chapter 21
I cried as I ran almost the whole way back to the castle, pausing briefly to collect myself, then snuck back to my room.  I found a small army of seamstresses awaiting my arrival at my door.
As they measured every inch of my body, I bit the inside of my cheek and dug fingernails into my palms to distract myself.  I wouldn’t cry in front of them, how on earth would I begin to explain?
Once they’d gotten the measurements, they sat me down and began to ask ten million questions about what kind of dress I’d like for that ball.  I tried to answer the questions at first, but quickly grew exhausted of having to simultaneously participate in conversation and hold it together at the same time.  I ended up requesting that they surprise me, assuring them that I had total faith in their designs.
Once they left, I crawled into the bath and cried some more, probably doubling the volume of water that filled the tub.   
I sat in the bath so long that the water turned cold and my fingertips and toes pruned.  Concentrating on my toenails as they sat propped against the opposite wall of the basin above the water line, I pondered whether they may have nail polish here.  My memories were dim, flickering like a candle in a draft, but I could still remember nail polish.  
I tried to think of anything but Nikolas, or nothing at all, but my attempts to keep my mind occupied or blank failed miserably.  I found my mind wandering, conjuring the image of Nikolas’ face just before I tucked tail and ran. 
And his words, you will haunt me still…they played over and over, set on repeat in my mind.
I wondered if he understood that those words would hit home with me, that I would know exactly what he meant.  
How long had it been?  A few days?  It felt like months since I’d come here, years since I’d known Nikolas.  While that was technically true, I felt like I really knew him, like I’d always known him.  But, that wasn’t possible.  I had just become aware of him, who he was.  Sure, we went way back, but it’s not like I could remember that.
So, how was this possible?  How could he have become like the sun to me?  Like oxygen?
I bit down on my lip as tears threatened at the rims of my eyelids and sank beneath the water.
Bracing myself against the sides of the tube, I prepared to be assaulted by another mental picture of Nikolas.
I got a picture, but not one I was expecting.
Behind my lids, I saw the worn face of a girl about my age.  Her sandy blonde hair hung limply around her shoulders, face hollow, eyes sunken and empty.  Immediately I emerged from beneath the surface, cold water splashing as I thrashed.  I squeezed my eyes shut again, trying to see the image, needing to place the face.  
Nothing.
Unease settled in the pit of my stomach, my internal warning system sounded.
Danger.  Danger…A whisper in my head.
From who though?  The girl?  Impossible.  I only saw her image only for a moment, the span of a heartbeat, but she was weak, sickly even…her features emaciated and broken.
I climbed shaking from the tub, water sliding in rivulets down my body, goose bumps washing over my skin that were completely unrelated to the temperature.
I dressed in a haze, pulling on a gown that may have been green.  As I drew a brush through my hair the flashes of the girl pulled at my mind, fragmented and hazy, like a dream trying to emerge through from the depths of the subconscious.
I pressed fingers to my temples and closed my eyes, trying to focus.  I tried to recall if this had ever happened to me, this vision thing.  I knew it hadn’t since I’d been here.
What about before?  
Before what though?  I had been somewhere else, where was it?  I couldn’t recall.  It was like trying to watch TV with no antenna, nothing but static.  I pushed harder, trying to dredge the memories from the fuzz that surrounded them.  Nothing. 
Nothing but nothing.  The only thing that was clearly rooted in my head was the past few days.  I could recall them perfectly, beyond that…only a void.
I’d been told this would happen, I hadn’t expected it so quickly.  I thought it would occur slowly, bit by bit.  No one told me it would be like the flip of a switch.
Overcome with exhaustion, I made my way to the bed and burrowed into the masses of pillows and blankets and surrendered to a deep and dreamless sleep.
***
A firm knock sounded at my door, pulling me from unconsciousness.  I pulled up drowsily and stared at the door.  The knock sounded again.  I pulled back the thick comforter and scooted toward the edge of the bed, dislodging pillows and driving them to the floor.  Too tired to form a coherent thought, I stumbled to the door and jerked it open.
Liam stood at the door, sparing me a sweeping glance before landing his eyes on my own.  “You look…rested.”
“Hmph,” was my eloquent response.  I blinked, trying to remove the heavy fog that lingered on my eyelids and mind after my long nap.
Liam gave me a smirk, much like the one he’d given me after he kissed me.
Oh, the kiss.
At the thought, a deep blush rushed up my throat and over my cheeks, skin heating in its wake.
Liam cocked a perfect black brow, the incredible pale green of his eyes catching the light of the flickering torches that lined the halls.  “Something on your mind, Dani?”  The words slid from his lips fluidly.
I raised my own eyebrows and leveled him with a look.  “Not at all.”  I wouldn’t give him the satisfaction, though my skin betrayed me, palms sweating, blush deepening.
He nodded once and smirked again.  Taking a deep breath, he got down to business.  “I have something to ask you.”  He turned the smolder on, sweeping his lashes down and looking at me from beneath their dark fringe .  “I understand there is to be a ball in your honor, and I was hoping you would allow me the honor of escorting you.”  He let the words hand in the air, piercing me with his eyes.
Crap.   
I pictured Nikolas and Brigitte, her arms wrapped possessively around him as they swayed to the music.  
The answer tumbled from my lips.  “Absolutely.”
Liam looked mildly startled, then recovered and a smile lit the perfect planes of his face.  “Thank you, my lady.”  He swept down and seized my hand where it hung limply at my side, pressing a kiss to the thin skin that stretched across my bones.  
I pulled my hand away.  “Who are you, exactly?”  I asked, eyes squinting to study him.
“I do not understand your meaning.”  Liam said offhandedly.
I huffed out a breath.  “Since you fessed up to your true identity, you’ve turned into something akin to a douche bag.”  
Liam shook his head, dark locks swaying back and forth.  “While I am not familiar with that terminology, I take it that was not a compliment.”  
I shot him a look that confirmed that was true. 
“You cannot imagine the freedom that comes with being known for who I am and being accepted for it.  Forgive me if I am a bit…full of myself.”  Vulnerability sparked in his eyes.  “The man you encountered in the wood still lives in me.”  He added with a playful smirk.
I forced a smile.  “Fine.  Maybe you should let him out more often and I told you not to call me Milady.”
A roguish grin tugged up one corner of his full mouth.  “I said, my lady.”  He drew out the words for emphasis.  It was not a formal term said out of respect.  These were two separate words, intimate and possessive.
My brow creased as the meaning sank in.  My lady.  “But, I’m not your—“
Liam silenced me with a finger to my lips, all trace of humor gone from his eyes.  “Not yet.”
I scoffed.  “Kind of cocky, aren’t we?”  I accused, drawing back my chin and folding my arms across my chest.  I leaned against the door frame, cocking an eyebrow in question.
He smiled, self-assured.  “I like to think of it as…optimistic.”  Liam’s eyebrows rose higher on his forehead and when I said nothing he continued.  “I intend to pursue you, persistently.  And, it makes no matter to me how many doe-eyed looks of longing you share with Sir Belmont, I will pursue you still.  I will do so until you realize that there is nothing that can be had between the two of you, until I win you over.”
I flushed ten shades of red and probably a few more of purple.  I was seething.  “How dare you?”  I spat.
Liam looked unbothered by my anger.  “What was it you said to me?  Only true?  Yes, it is only true.  The fault does not lie with you.  You were swept away, taken advantage of, no doubt.”
Nostrils flaring, I was on the defense with a vengeance.  “I was NOT taken advantage of!  Nikolas has done nothing even remotely bordering on inappropriate to me.  And if he had, and I said if, it wouldn’t fall into the universe of your business.  You can take your misguided intentions and shove them up your ass!  And just so you know, I am not interested in your pursual!”  I realized I was yelling and also that pursual may not be an actual word.
Raised voices were good for attracting attention.  I smoothed the lines of my dress as I tried to arrange my features into something resembling composure.
Nikolas rounded the corner on a mission.  His eyes, filled with concern, locked with mine.  He studied my face for half a second before his gaze tracked to Liam.  I guessed my face didn’t appear all that composed.  Footfalls heavy upon the stone floor, he made a beeline for us.
“I believe I have informed you that only the royal family and guard are allowed in this part of the castle.”  Nikolas spoke with utter composure, words ringing with authority.  
“I find it strange that you badger me with rules when you are so clearly working to break some of your own.”  Liam shot a loaded look at Nikolas, and then his eyes slid to mine to drive the point home.
Nikolas remained steady and stoic, voice cool but level.  “You should leave.”
Liam shifted his weight.  “You deal out orders from your perch on high.  Tell me, Sir Belmont, who do you answer to?”
Drawing in a deep breath, Nikolas replied.  “The King and the Maker.”
“Your actions speak otherwise.”  
“Tell me, Liam, what is it that makes you loathe me so?”  Nikolas asked, sounding truly curious.
Liam glanced to me again.  “I imagine the same thing that fuels your distain for me.”
Nikolas turned, placing himself between Liam and me.  “I will tell you only once more.  You. Should. Leave.”  Voice never wavering, he delivered the words dripping in warning.
“Very well.”  Liam addressed me next.  “I shall see you tomorrow, at my induction.  I do regret we cannot part as we did last night.”  Liam smirked, pressing a fingertip to his lower lip.
Oh no.
Liam didn’t say the words, but the implication was plain.  Nikolas’ fist snapped out, landing squarely on Liam’s nose with an audible crunch.  Nikolas had leveled him.  Liam rolled to one side, fingers tented over his nose as blood flowed around them.  
Nikolas glanced over his shoulder and shot me a half-hearted smile.  “Perhaps I should’ve said I would break his nose and not my own.”  He looked down to Liam, still nursing his broken nose on the floor.  “I told you you should leave.  It was not a suggestion.”
Reaching around his back, Nikolas found my hand led me away.



Chapter 22
It’s funny the things you think you’ll never do.  I had decided I would not put myself in a situation where I was alone with Nikolas again, ever.
How little I knew.  
What a foolish girl I was.
Because…here I stood in Nikolas’ private parlor…alone with him.  Again.  I didn’t make it four hours.  I had the power to stop a weapon en route to Liam’s skull in mid-air.  I had the power to conjure a portal I didn’t even intend to.  But the power to stay clear of Nikolas clearly eluded me.  
“Will you have some tea?”  Nikolas stood by me, offering a delicate teacup.  
I took it not because I was thirsty, but it would occupy my hands.  “Thank you.”  I said automatically.
“Sit, please.”  Nikolas gestured to a puffy green sofa.
I obeyed and he took one of the chairs across from me.  “Thank you.”
“I am so sorry for Liam’s behavior, as well as my own.”  His eyes roamed my face like he was checking for damage…the internal kind.
I shook my head.  “You don’t need to apologize for him and you didn’t do anything wrong.”
“I should not have—“  Nikolas began to argue.
I cut him off.  “If you hadn’t leveled him, I probably would have.”
A grin crept across his face, lighting his eyes.  “I would like to have seen that.”  He paused to study me.  “What reason did he give for this particular visit?”
That question could have offended me, I could have told him it wasn’t his business…but I wanted it to be.  I wanted him to ask, wanted him to care.  I was beyond idiotic.  “He asked to escort me to the ball.”  My words came out with a hint of shame, like I was wronging Nikolas.  I knew technically that wasn’t true, but then, it’s not really the technicalities that twist your heart.
“Yes, of course.”  Nikolas looked to the floor, seemingly calm, save for the skin stretched thin and blanching white across his knuckles from the fists he was forming.  I would have missed it, he looked so casual with elbows propped on knees, forearms dangling in front of him, but there was a slight movement of his hands that caught my eye as they pulsed from loose fists to tight fists repeatedly.  He took a deep breath and asked an unexpected question.  “Do you miss where you came from?”
I was instantly confused, not sure what he meant, though I felt like I should.  “Where I came from?”  I repeated.
Brows knitting, Nikolas leaned closer.  “The other realm?  Where you were?”
That rung a bell, though it was a faint one.  “Oh.  Well, not really.  You see, the thing about crossing realms is that you lose the memories of the place you left behind.”  I shrugged.  “It’s just hard to miss a place you can’t remember.”
Nikolas looked genuinely troubled.  “How awful for you.”
I shrugged again.  “I guess, but I don’t remember, so how would I know?” 
“Yes, I suppose so.  What about the people you knew?”
I shook my head.  “Nothing.  The price you pay for passage I guess, your memories.”  
Nikolas stood and crossed over to sit next to me on the sofa.  He was too close to me and too far away simultaneously.  “I am so sorry.”  He took my hand and ran the pad of his thumb gingerly along my knuckles as he searched my eyes.  
It was a strange thing that he was more upset about this than I was.  But I didn’t feel upset at all now, just kind of indifferent.  You can’t miss what you didn’t know you had.
I slipped a little deeper into his eyes.  “I think it’s worth it.”  Blowing out a breath I looked away from him before I gave away too much.  “Anyway, what is this induction thing Liam spoke of?”
“Ah, yes.  He was referring to his induction into the Knights of Castle Lux.”  Nikolas looked less than amped about it.
“He not a knight though.”  I stated as captain obvious.
Nikolas gave a minimal shake of his head.  “No, he will be knighted during the ceremony.”
“I see.”  I wasn’t sure what else to say.  “I should leave, get ready for dinner.”  Standing to go, I turned my back on Nikolas and walked towards the door.
“Let me walk you, it seems this corridor is unsafe.”  Sarcasm filled his tone.
I turned to face him.  “Do you feel compelled to cut off the corridor’s head?”  
The corners of his mouth pulled up, dimples peeking out from his cheeks.  He leaned in close to whisper his words, looking around as if an invisible villain may hear him.  “If it comes to that I shall not hesitate.”
I chuckled.  Letting out a dramatic sigh, I laid the back of my hand against my forehead.  “You are the very bravest of knights, Sir.”
A wicked grin curled his mouth now, charm oozing from his pores.  “Oh, there’s none like me, Princess.”  He said as he pulled open the door.
We bantered back and forth as we made our way to my door.  Liam had vacated the floor and hallway when we arrived and someone, hopefully Liam, had cleaned away the blood drops spilled on the flat stone floor.  
As I pushed my door open, Nikolas caught me by the arm.  When his fingertips connected with my arm, my stomach dropped and twisted excitedly, sparks skittered just beneath my skin.  Turning, I slowly pulled my arm from his grasp, not trusting myself to be in direct contact with him.  “Yes?”  I asked.
He looked to the floor, considering, dark lashes brushing his cheeks.  “I just want you to know,”  he raised his lashes to look at me, “you have only to say the word and I will ensure he bothers you no longer.”
I felt cold suddenly.  “You mean kill him?”  My outraged whisper carried through the hall.  
Nikolas cocked his head to one side and chuckled.  “No, no.  I only meant I would see to it that he stays away from you.  Do you think me so cold?”
I huffed out a breath in frustration at my own stupidity.  “Of course not, I don’t know why my mind went there.  And no, you don’t need to keep him away from me.  I think he’ll calm down, I would probably be a little bitter if I wore his shoes as well.  Scratch that, I’d be a lot bitter.”
Nikolas  nodded.  “Wouldn’t we all.  I do not envy him his life, I cannot imagine the pain he has endured and I understand it would affect him, but we cannot spend our lives excusing our actions with pain from our past.  I will not stand by and allow him to act in such a way in your presence, or that of any lady.”
“Obviously.”  I said dryly, mouth quirking at one corner.  “Anyway, I can take care of myself.”
Chuckling, Nikolas nodded again.  “Yes, yes you can.”  Laughter dying, he pinned me with a look that reached my toes.  “Forgive me, but I will always try and save you, just the same.”  Before I could take a breath, he’d lifted my hand to his lips and placed a light kiss there, never breaking eye contact.  Then he turned and walked away.
I was going to have to locate the sign around here that said, Please do something really romantic and walk away without another word.
When Nikolas rounded the corner, I flew into my room and pushed the door shut.  Turning, I put my back to the door and slid into a puddle at the base of it and stayed that way for a while.  I jumped when a knock thumped against my back.
“Your Highness?”  Came the timid voice from the other side of the door.
I ran my hands over my face and breathed a sigh of relief.  “Yes?”  I called as I stood.
“We are here to dress you, Your Highness.”  The timid voice advised.
That’s odd.  
I opened the door a slice and peaked through.  “But, I can dress myself.”  I counted two of heads, girls around my age or perhaps slightly older, just outside the door.  
Giving a slight bow, the one who’d been doing the talking spoke again.  “The Queen has sent us to attend you, Princess.”
“Right, okay.”  Opening the door wider, I gestured for them to enter.  
They both passed into the room, stopping and dipping into brief bows.  
The timid voice from the door introduced herself first.  “I am Leyona, Princess, at your service.”  Mousy brown strands of hair framed her face in tight curls, but the length of it was wound into a tight bun at the nape of her neck.  Pock marks littered her face, maybe from acne or some childhood illness.  Wide, brown eyes stared out of a face that seemed a bit too small to hold them.  Despite features that were less than stellar, there was a beauty about her.  A sweetness to her face that the scars could not hide.  Honest eyes and a kind smile could go such a long way.
The other girl was an effortless kind of beautiful.  Silky black hair hung stick straight down her back, gathered with a ribbon between her shoulder blades.  Hazel eyes glowed against her honey colored complexion, framed in sooty lashes, set deep in her heart shaped face.               She refused to look me in the eye so Leyona elbowed her gently, prompting her to speak.  “Begging you pardon, Your Highness, my name is S-Sin.”
I felt my forehead crinkle in confusion.  “I’m sorry, what?”
“S-Sin, Your Highness.”  She repeated, full lips trembling.
I was still confused.  “Your given name is Sin?  Does that mean something different than I think it does?”
Leyona answered.  “No, Your Highness, I imagine your thoughts are spot on to its meaning.”
Sputtering, the girl who’d called herself Sin provided explanation.  “It’s what me father named me.  He said, he said that’s what I was, the product of sin.”  
“Your father said this to you?”  I whispered, more to myself than anyone.
The girl shook her head quickly at the floor.  “He wasn’t really my father, my mother was his wife.  I don’t know who me real father was.”
Oh, wow.
I took her by the hands and she flinched at my touch, but then let me lead her to a stool where I convinced her to sit.  I squatted in front of her and looked her in the eyes.  “Well, then.  We will give you a new name.  What would you like to be called?”
The girl blinked at me, like I’d spoken a language foreign to her, then understanding dawned in her eyes.  “You, you mean…do you mean that?”  I nodded.  “I can choose a different name?”  She gripped my hands tighter.  
I squeezed back.  “Absolutely.”
The girl smiled, tears still tracking down her cheeks.  “I think me name should be Mattie.”  Eyes wide and shinning, she nodded to herself.  “Yes, Mattie is a very nice name.”
Smiling back, I nodded my approval.  “I think it’s an excellent name.  It suits you.”  I pulled her to her feet and the sleeves of her dress slipped back enough to reveal deep red scars about her wrists.  Without thinking, I pushed back the sleeves.  The scars stretched several inches along her arms, angry and red and puckering her perfect skin.  I knew what the color and texture meant.  They were new scars and I felt like molten lead had been poured into the pit of my stomach.  “Who, who did this to you?  Did someone here do this?”  The switch in my brain had been thrown to the kicking ass and taking names position.  
Mattie began sobbing immediately, so Leyona stepped in to explain and from the look in her eye, to keep me from going into full battle mode.  “No, no Your Highness.  Sir Belmont discovered her father dragging her with his horse through the fields.  He brought her here to be healed and asked that they find a place for her if she elected to stay.”  Leyona was speaking quickly, as if she were being timed.  “They say Sir Belmont even suggested she be put on your service.  They say he seemed to think you would like her.”
I’d been staring into the fire, nostrils flaring until she mentioned Nikolas, at which point my eyes snapped to her face.  I breathed in and out, still angry and outraged that she’d been treated so unspeakably.  I was more unnerved by what she’d been named than even the rope burns on her arms.  The mental damage done would never heal so well as the scars on her skin would.  “What happened to her father?”  I asked.
Mattie had stopped crying and was staring at me like I’d grown a second head.
Leyona appeared less nervous as a small satisfied smile played around her lips.  “Your Highness, Sir Belmont put him to the sword.” 
I blinked at her a few moments, then I felt tugging at the corners of my lips as my own smile appeared in approval.
Closer inspection of Mattie revealed faint lines of white scattered over the skin of her neck and arms, old scars.  She’d no doubt endured years of physical and verbal abuse.  I probably would’ve done the same as Nikolas had to this man.  I think there’s even a good likelihood that I wouldn’t even have felt bad about it.  I know that sounds like an awful thing to say, but I never claimed to be a saint.  
It appeared Nikolas was no saint either and I liked him all the more for it.



Chapter 23
While I’d been a little anxious at the prospect of being dressed by someone other than myself, the girls proved to be credits to their profession.  They chose a silky teal number with an empire waist.  The bodice was studded with tiny, clear gemstones that glinted and sparkled in the light.  The fabric flowed like water to the floor, swaying with my every move.  Capped sleeves left my arms mostly bare, so the girls had chosen to adorn my left arm in a wrap bracelet that stretched almost the length of my forearm.  It was silver with a teardrop diamond suspended from a short chain at my wrist.  Around my neck, they placed a single string of silver rope that held a large matching teardrop pendant.  
Leyona assured me of Mattie’s gift of bringing out one’s natural beauty, though I hadn’t questioned it.  I felt it was more for Mattie’s benefit than my own.  
Mattie had done wonders with my hair, winding it into an updo at the back of my head.  Loose curls were artfully allowed to escape the twist and she framed my face with a few.  She also rubbed a shimmering powder over my cheek bones, up toward my temples, and along my collar bones.  When Mattie broke out a teal stick and announced she was going to trace my eyes, I argued.  She finally convinced me to trust her, and the result was a subtle hint of color that highlighted shades of teal in my own eyes I didn’t even know were there.  The finishing touch was a silver crown inlaid with tiny diamonds.  The diamonds were so tiny that they were almost indistinguishable, save for the way they glittered in the light.
I was exceedingly pleased with my reflection for the first time in, well, I didn’t even know when.
Mattie and Leyona were almost as excited as I was by the time I was making my way to the door.  They followed me out, wishing me luck and assuring me that I looked beautiful, before disappearing down the hall, giggling and satisfied with their work.
Footsteps echoed off the stone and I turned to find my parents behind me.  
My father smiled his signature warm smile.  “We were hoping we would catch you.  Would you allow your old parents to accompany you?”
I grinned up at him.  “Certainly.”  I took the arm he offered and we walked with me on one side and my mother on the other and a contented warmth spread through me the likes of which I couldn’t remember ever having felt.
“Dani, my dear, we will be dining with company this evening.  Nikolas will be joining us, as he often does, but Lord and Lady Belmont arrived just this evening and will join us as well, along with Brigitte.”  My mother shot me a look of apology with that last name.
I tried really hard to muster a nonchalant smile.  “That’s wonderful.”  I forced out.  Nausea settled in my stomach and my muscles tightened with the news.
We were first to arrive in the great dining room.  It was massive and could accommodate at least twenty-five people at the table.  The table was a dark wood with thick legs that curved downward, ending in clawed feet.  Each of the chairs was made from the same dark wood with matching clawed feet.  There were rich leather cushions fastened with studs to the chairs and the back of each was intricately carved into woodland scenes of trees and rivers and animals.  
An immense chandelier hung at the center of the table shaped like tree branches.  Scores of small bubbles like drops of rain held tiny glowing lights inside of them.  The walls were adorned with many mounted deer heads, only these were pure white in color, antlers a stark black, no less than 20 points topping each of their heads.  
A chair was pulled out for me to sit in to the left of my father’s seat at the head of the table.  I sat and was scooted forward, impressed that the man who’d seated me could push the chair, much less with me in it.  My mother was about to take the seat directly across from me just as a shrill screech pierced the air.  
I startled, immediately believing someone was in danger.  Color me surprised when I saw a short, slim woman familiar mahogany locks piled on top of her head making a beeline for my mother, arms outstretched.  She was followed by a much quieter man, who glided easily along the stone as his stark bald head reflected the overhead light, a reserved smile forming on his lips.  His easy grace, height, and handsome features made it instantly clear he was Nikolas’ father.  
I stood and watched in awe as Lady Belmont greeted my mother like they were the very dearest of friends.  My mother accepted her warmly, only a hint of uneasiness present in her eyes and the taut set of her mouth.  
“Lady Belmont, it has been so very long.”  My mother offered.
“Forgive our absence, Queen Isla, there seems to be so much to do.”  Lady Belmont responded, bowing slightly before whipping out a fan with a flourish and waving it frantically at her face. 
My mother nodded once.  “Certainly.”
Lord Belmont made his way to my father, offering a bow before embracing him as an old friend.  If there was any bad blood between the two of them, I couldn’t make it out.  But then I’ve always found men to be far more forgiving than women are.
Lady Belmont spotted me and squealed, setting my teeth on edge.  She bowed slightly as she approached me, then drew me in for a tight hug.  "What a beautiful young lady you have grown into, Princess.  We were so overjoyed with the news that you had returned!”  She said as she drew back to take my face in her slim hands.  The fan, still clutched in one, scratched at my face.
“Thank you.”  I squeezed out, looking to my mother for help.
She came to my rescue.  “Lady Belmont, do tell me of the places you’ve traveled of late!”  She said with believable enthusiasm.  
Lady Belmont seemed to jump at the chance to tell her stories, muttering over where to begin. My mother shot a wink at me as she lured Lady Belmont away.  
Taking a cleansing breath, I dropped into my seat again.
My father’s deep laugh sounded off the stone walls and I looked to him and smiled at his ability to warm a room.  Steps echoed through the hall and I felt my smile evaporate.  Turning my head, my eyes locked with Nikolas’ and I had to steady myself as an overwhelming pull threatened to catapult me from my seat and send me running to him.  He was beautiful in deep green tunic that somehow managed to make his blue eyes seem bluer.  His black leather trousers hugged his legs, hinting at the well-defined muscle beneath.  I wouldn’t have thought I was a leather kind of girl, but with Nikolas in those pants, I definitely could be.  Black boots scuffed along the stone as he walked and the thin discs of a silver belt clinked subtly and sank to one side with the weight of his white-pommeled sword.  
Like nails on a chalkboard, Brigitte’s tinkling voice raked over my nerves.  Once again, she was melded to his side, chattering incessantly at him.  
I just really disliked her.
Nikolas looked drained, and I could see how she could have that effect on him.  She was having that effect on me and it had only been thirty seconds.  Who knows how long he’d been enduring her company.  
I felt angry…at her, at him, at his parents.  But, also my heart broke for him.  I couldn’t imagine what it must feel like to be promised to someone you could barely stand.  And, he was such a good guy.  He was a gentleman, he was an angel, he was perfect.  He wouldn’t tell her how awful she was…and he was going to add martyr to the list of things he was.  Nikolas would be a casualty of his mother’s social climbing.
I wanted to clean her clock for it, and Brigitte’s just for good measure.  
I felt sick, like literally sick.  Training my eyes on the table, I took deep breaths and tried to think of nice things like puppies and kittens…and Nikolas.
Dammit.
Distraction.  I needed a distraction…desperately.  
Liam.
Liam was offering to be my distraction.  Liam knew I had it bad for Nikolas.  Did that make it okay?  It’s not like I was lying to him, leading him on.  I would be straightforward with him, tell him how I felt…leave it up to him.  Jeez…could I even do that?  
Brigitte’s earsplitting laugh sounded close by, shattering my thoughts.  “Oh, Princess!  I am so glad you could join us!”  
I wasn’t sure, but I thought I heard Nikolas groan quietly.
I added the way Brigitte talked to me like I was some guest or an outsider to the list of reasons why I wanted to slap her.  A nod was all I could conjure up in response.  With a conscious effort, I kept my eyes from Nikolas, avoiding him like the plague, but his eyes were on me.  I could feel it and my skin heated beneath his stare.
To my great horror, Brigitte sat almost right across from me, to the right of my mother’s seat.  To Brigitte’s great horror, Nikolas sat to the left of mine.  My mother, father, and the Belmont’s joined us at the table within minutes.  It came as a great relief to me since I’d spent the interim folding a napkin across my lap repeatedly. 
Fortunately or unfortunately, depending on your viewpoint, Brigitte filled what could’ve been awkward silence with a detailed account of her dress fitting for the ball.
I spent the meal in silence, the majority of the conversation being ruled by Lady Belmont and Brigitte.  They moved on from the dress fitting and discussed travel, Brigitte’s massive family estate, and of course wedding plans.  When that subject was broached, Nikolas shifted uncomfortably in his seat and I felt like someone had taken a potato peeler to my heart.  
Despite much poking and prodding about his opinion of the wedding plans by his mother and Brigitte, Nikolas remained remarkably tight-lipped when questioned, limiting his answers to generic responses like, “Um hmm.”  And, “Uhhhh.”
My parents and even Lord Belmont offered little to the conversation, seemingly fascinated by the courses presented before them.  Not that they’d have gotten a word in if they’d tried.
I’d had enough and was on the verge of excusing myself and escaping to my bedroom, or just anywhere that wasn’t here.  But then, a figure flew into the room, panting and gasping for breath.  My head jerked up and I recognized the silky golden mane of Sir Landon, the man that had practically raised Nikolas.
My father was on his feet almost instantly, but not before Nikolas, who was already striding toward his mentor.  “Luther?  What trouble is there?”
Luther was doubled over, hands propped on his knees as he tried to breathe evenly.  Through labored breaths, Luther formed a reply.  “That’s, that’s just it, Sir Belmont…not sure there is trouble.”  He paused to take deep breaths.  “It is just so unbelievable.”
My father clapped a hand onto Sir Landon’s shoulder.  “Well, come then, tell us man.”
Breaths finally slowing, Sir Landon stood, eyes wide and flickering between Nikolas and my father.  “The Connolly girl…the one that was taken, she’s here.  She says her name is—“
The legs of a chair screeched across the floor as my mother rose and cut off Sir Landon.  “Annette.  Her Name was Annette.”  Sir Landon nodded and my mother gasped placing fingertips to her lips.  “Take me to her.”
 Sir Landon nodded once.  Nikolas and my father stood there looking lost or like they were both trying to divide 317,562 by 1,745 in their heads.
I was on my feet as well, without realizing I’d stood.  “Me too.”
That snapped Nikolas out of contemplating his math problem.  “Wait, we do not even know how that is possible.”
I tilted my head, imploring him with my eyes.  “Please, I need to see her.  She was taken because of me.”
Nikolas’ eyes sparked.  “We do not even know if it is her.”
My father chimed in.  “He has the right of it, sweet girl.”
I curled my hands into fists.  “Please, Dad.”  
My father glanced to my mother who nodded.
Nikolas pinned me with a glare.  “You will stay behind me.”  He looked to my mother.  If I tell you to go, you must both obey.”  His words were kind, but the way he delivered them left no room for argument.  Glancing over at the table where his parents and Brigitte remained seated, Nikolas spoke.  “My apologies for having to cut dinner short.  I bid you all a goodnight.”  With that he began to walk toward the door, Sir Landon by his side, my parents and me following behind.
A strange sound, like a mix between a huff and a squeal pierced the still air.  “You. Are. Leaving?”  Brigitte spit out the words one by one.
Nikolas never even checked up, he didn’t so much as turn his head.  “Yes.”  He said flatly as he led us out of the doorway.  I couldn’t help but smile when Brigitte made some kind of noise that sounded like a cat being strangled.
As we trekked down the hallway, Sir Landon talked, hands flying animatedly as he spoke to Nikolas and my father, who had moved up to flank him.  “There she was, walking along the bridge.  She hasn’t spoken a word aside from her name and she looks at you as though she does not recognize you, not just as someone she knows, but as anything at all.  She appears as though she does not even see you.  Obviously, she’s had a rough go of it, but I cannot see any outward signs of injury.”
“And she just appeared there, no one was with her?”  Nikolas questioned intently.  I could feel his apprehension floating through the air around us.
“Not a soul, Sir.”  Luther replied severely.  “I cannot fathom how one in her condition,” he glanced to my father, “Sire, she is so frail, how is it possible that she has escaped?  I cannot understand.”
“Nor I.”  Nikolas agreed, sending a glance over his shoulder at me as though he thought I’d up and disappear.  “I do not like this.  It’s too much of a coincidence.  She shows up here after all these years, immediately after Dani’s return?”  
“Aye.  It seems extraordinarily unlikely.”  My father allowed.  “But then, no one can verify that she has been kept at Castle Knox, can they?  Do you recall seeing her when you were held captive?”
Luther shook his head emphatically.  “No, Sire.  I have never seen her, but then I did not have the run of the place either.”  He stated.  “But, I have spent time in their clutches.  It would require some measure of humanity to release a prisoner…and they have none.”  
Nikolas exhaled slowly as we rounded the corner toward the guards’ post near the main entrance.  “There is at least one who does.”  His words emerged from his lips grudgingly.  “Summon Liam.”
“He is there, Sir.  He was on duty at the main gate, seems to have gotten in a tiff, broken nose, and eyes beginning to black.”  Luther gestured to his own nose and eyes.  Apparently, Liam had not divulged the finer points of his injury.
I tried to keep my face impassive, but no one was looking at me just then anyway.
“He what?”  My father asked, obviously not expecting his newest knight to have found trouble so easily.
Sir Landon was studying Nikolas, reading him like a book.  Then, he looked over his shoulder at me and my cheeks burned with heat.  I thought I saw one side of Luther’s mouth curve right before he faced forward again, answering my father.  “Not to worry, Sire.  These young boys still get into such nonsense.”
My father nodded once.  “I suppose.  I was young and always ready for a fight once as well.”
Nikolas seemed nearly unaware of the conversation, eyes focused as he stalked through the hallways.
We’d come upon the door to the guard tower and all conversation halted.  
Sir Landon looked to my father, who nodded once and the door was pushed open.
No less than eight men stood in a circle around the girl I couldn’t yet see.  I could hear Liam murmuring to her softly, though I couldn’t see him either.  The rest of the men seemed to be standing and staring in awe, offering no real constructive solutions or suggestions for the situation, just looking on like they couldn’t avert their eyes.  Expressions ranged from horror to anger to sadness, but each one was emotional.  Some even looked to be on the verge of tears.  I stepped forward, straining to get a better look, something in my gut writhing unsteadily.  
Nikolas caught me by the wrist, halting my progress.  He gazed at me with unbelievable blue eyes and rooted me to the spot with a silent plea and a gentle squeeze of his hand.
I moved no further.  
Nikolas let go of my wrist and walked slowly forward, followed by my father and Sir Landon.  The men in the circle parted like the red sea before them, revealing Liam kneeling before a frail girl.  
A girl about my age, sandy blonde hair hanging limply around her face.  A face that was hollow, eyes that were sunken and empty.  
Oh no.
This was the face I’d seen, this was my vision.
Danger.  Danger.  Danger.
She was just as Luther described, unseeing…but then her eyes focused and instantly changed, recognition flashing in them.  She’d seen no one else in the room.
No one else but me.



Chapter 24
My breath stalled.  
The look she pinned me with was unsettling, off, predatory.  
Danger.  Danger.  
In a flash her eyes grew empty again, the flat affect returning to her face.  I was sure no one noticed, then my gaze found a pair of electric blue eyes and I knew at least Nikolas had by the way his brow furrowed in confusion and alarm as he gazed from me to her and back again.  
My mother marched forward, tears welling in her eyes as she took the hollow face of the girl in her hands.  “You are safe now, child.”
The girl turned lifeless eyes to my mother, looking right through her as a single tear crawled down her face.  
A chill tiptoed down my spine.  
I was probably just being paranoid.  Who wouldn’t be creeped out?  
Right?
Danger.
I wanted to tell them all to get away from her, that she couldn’t be trusted, that she wasn’t safe.  But what reason did I have?  She didn’t seem like someone you would need protection from, she seemed like the someone who needed protection.
Nikolas studied her warily.  Maybe his gut was whispering the same thing as mine.  
Danger.
I found Sir Landon in the small crowd, he too looked uneasy.  
Murmured questions rose in the air.  What to do with her?  How did she escape?  Where were her parents living now?
My father settled the question of her parents by sending word to the census keeper that he was to track down the family Annette Connolly and a party be sent to retrieve them immediately upon the discovery of their location.
My mother insisted on having the girl housed in the guest corridor and having the physician tend to her at once.  She also sent for Soleil in order to inspect the girl for traces of black magic.  
How she escaped?  That was a question with no answer.  Not from the girl, not from anyone.
I looked at Sir Landon…strong, able, a trained fighter.  I could fathom his escape.  I looked at the girl…frail, damaged, empty.  I could not fathom her escape.
Liam approached me at my post by the door, his nose was set, but the bruising and swelling was more than evident on his face.  Somehow, even with all that, he was still beautiful.  “What troubles you, Dani?”
I shook my head, taking in his swollen nose and black eyes before answering.  “I can’t see how she escaped.”
Liam looked back to the girl.  She hadn’t moved an inch.  “Nor I.  I cannot recall ever seeing her in the castle, perhaps she was set free years ago.”
I set my teeth into my bottom lip while I turned that over in my mind.  “Do you believe that’s what happened?”
Liam looked back to me, eyes roaming over my face.  “No.”  He drug a hand through his hair.  “But I cannot imagine that she escaped.  No one escapes Castle Knox.”  
I tilted my head in Sir Landon’s direction.  “He did.”
Liam was quiet for a moment, watching the man who’d held a knife to his throat.  “He did not escape on his own.”
“How do you know that?”  I asked.
Liam considered me for a moment.  “Because I drugged his guards.  I carried his unconscious body to the hidden tunnels.”  He lifted his black eyelashes to watch me from beneath them.  “From there he made his own way once he regained his consciousness.”
“Why was I not told that part of the story?”  I asked, bothered that Nikolas had left that out.
Liam shrugged.  “I doubt he remembers quite everything that happened.  He had been brutally beaten…repeatedly and was still out cold when I retrieved him.  That does not make for ideal circumstance when you are trying to recollect an event.”
My harm warmed toward Liam, undoing most of the damage done with his jealous fit.  “You should tell him!  He should know that!”
Liam quickly shook his head.  “My actions were not in hopes of recognition.  It was only what was right.”  He said in low voice.
I just couldn’t figure Liam out.  He was like one tall, hot, brooding, mysterious, jealous question mark.  “You are an enigma.”  I whispered, mostly to myself.
Liam pulled me away from the door, out of the way of Soleil who was making her way into the room.  He released my arm gently and looked at me with those piercing green eyes.  “Are not we all?”  Then, he bowed slightly and made his way back toward the circle still surrounding the girl.
I felt eyes on me and looked around until I locked eyes with Nikolas, who quickly looked away, falling into conversation with the guard standing to his left.  I watched him briefly, but he did not turn his gaze on me again.
A glow appeared in the room around the tiny girl and I watched in awe as Soleil molded and smoothed the light around the girl, fitting it to her.  Eyes closed, Soleil looked deep in concentration, like she wasn’t really there at all.
Silence descended over the room as everyone watched, a few looking like they’d seen this a dozen times, but most could’ve been bought for a penny as soft white light emanated from each of Soleil’s delicate hands, wrapping around the girl.  
Moments passed and the light snuffed out instantly when Soleil opened her eyes.  She stared down at the girl curiously, the girl who hadn’t seemed to notice what had transpired.  
Looking to my mother and father, Soleil shook her head once, but confusion clouded her fair face.  
I inched closer as Nikolas and my father made their way over to Soleil, desperate to hear their conversation.
“What is the matter?”  Nikolas asked, his voice hushed but urgent.
Soleil shook her head slightly, stirring the golden wisps of hair framing her face.  “She is not cloaked in dark magic…”  She trailed off, lost in thought and staring at the girl.  “There is something very strange about her, I fear she may be lost inside her own mind.”
“What can be done?”  My father asked, studying the frail creature across the room.
“I could not say.  We should keep a close watch on her, have the healers see to her.”  Soleil seemed troubled as she spoke.  “Keep a close watch on her…I would not leave her unguarded.”
Nikolas glanced back over his shoulder at me, checking on me again, then directed another question at Soleil.  “Have you discovered what is located in Ruedenbury, milady?”
Soleil gave a small shake of her head.  “I have not, it troubles me greatly for I am certain there is some purpose behind this seemingly random act.  I shall be in quarters if I am needed.”  Her honeyed eyes searched my face as she exited, making me want to cower in a corner somewhere.  
My mother appeared, placing a delicate hand on my shoulder and offering a gentle smile.   
“Shall we retire my dears?”  My father asked.
My mother nodded to me.  “Yes, Dani.  You must be exhausted.  You should get some sleep, I will see that the girl is taken care of properly.”
Accompanied by two guards, my mother gently pulled the girl to a stand and guided her forward.  I felt like maybe I should go along, like perhaps it was my duty, but I couldn’t part company with the eerie girl fast enough.
I blinked and Nikolas was standing in front of me, his body positioned in such a way that I could not see the girl any longer.  He stayed there, guarding me, until the girl had been ushered from the room.  Once he’d decided I was safe, he crossed the room to Liam.
I expected to feel the air thicken with tension when they spoke, but whatever their issues with each other, right now they were all business.  I watched as they conversed, apprehension lacing the air around them.  Both seemed quite uneasy, suspicious even.  
So was I.
Mind made up, I strode up into the middle of their conversation.  
“I cannot recall ever seeing her at the castle, but that does not guarantee she was not there.  I believed she’d been killed all of those years ago…I never sought her out.”  Liam was saying.
Nikolas nodded.  “Indeed, it appears we were all fooled.”  His eyes slid to mine, then back to Liam.  
I blinked at him, then blurted out what I’d come to say.  “I had, I had a vision kind of thing today and…I saw her face, that girl.”  I wrung my hands as I looked up to gage their reaction to my words.
Nikolas’ eyes widened, while Liam slowed turned his head to look directly at me.
Liam spoke first.  “Has this happened before?  Where were you?  How long did the vision last?”
I shook my head, trying to get the questions he’d asked straight so I could answer accurately.  “Uh, okay…no it hasn’t happened before and I was bathing.”  Liam crooked an eyebrow at that.  “And only for a second, but it was her.  I don’t know what it means, but I have a bad feeling.”
Nikolas’ eyes shifted to Liam.  “Well, then…that makes three of us.”
Liam looked to me and back to Nikolas.  “What must we do?”
“I will insist upon doubling the guards around the girl, the king will have to allow that.  It will be a necessity until we understand more about her and her circumstances.  Aside from that, I do not know what else can be done, especially since Soleil has deemed her free of black magic.”  Nikolas rubbed the bridge of his nose slowly in frustration, then his eyes flashed.  “Tell me, Liam, what do you know of Ruedenbury?”
A perplexed looked crossed Liam’s face.  “Nothing, aside from its location.  Why do you ask?”
They just stood there talking like Nikolas did not punch Liam in the face earlier.
Boys were so weird.
“Your father has been holed up there as of late, but why is a mystery.  He has not attacked, he has not demanded control of the village…he is simply…staying there.  I find it exceedingly odd.”  Nikolas explained calmly.
Liam nodded his head as his eyebrows rose.  “As well you should.  Have you considered it is a distraction?”
I chimed in.  “Why do you let him stay there, why doesn’t someone attack?”
Liam looked at me as if this were a dumb question.
Nikolas calmly explained it to me.  “If we were to attack, Raythen would put the village to the torch.  Innocents…countless innocents would lose their lives…women, children, babies…they would be massacred.”  Nikolas took a breath.  “It is what history has taught us.”  He looked tired and sad.
Liam looked ashamed.  That made me sad because he carried the guilt of his father’s actions as if he were responsible…sometimes.  Sometimes, apparently he got angry and goaded someone into punching him.  Maybe that’s why he did what he’d done earlier today, maybe he thought it was no more than he deserved.
“Oh, that makes sense.”  I felt like an idiot.
A dark look shadowed Nikolas’ face, a mixture of aggravation and embarrassment.  “If you will excuse me.”
I followed his line of sight to find Brigitte staring daggers, alternating between Nikolas and I.
Uh oh.
I could hear the smile in Liam’s voice as I stood with my back to him.  “Now there’s trouble.”
My eyes fell on Nikolas for a beat where he stood in conversation with Sir Landon.  “Tell me about it.”  I muttered under my breath.
Sir Landon looked to me, nodded once then made his way over.  He smiled at me, a smile that oozed charm.  Nikolas’ mannerisms made a little more sense to me.  “I am to see you safely back to your chambers, Princess.”
I nodded.  “Thank you.”  I turned to Liam.  “I’ll see you in the morning.”
Liam nodded, looking vulnerable and unsure…like he had when we’d been alone together in the  woods.  I liked him much better when he came down a peg or two.
Turning, I took the arm Sir Landon offered and let him lead me from the room.
We were halfway to my chambers where I couldn’t bear the silence any longer.  “So, you kind of raised Nikolas?”
Sir Landon nodded thoughtfully.  “Yes, I suppose you could say that.”
“You did well, he’s…he’s so good and loyal and brave.”  Good Lord, someone put a sock in my mouth.
Sir Landon chuckled.  “I cannot take credit for his virtues.  Sometimes I believe the boy was born that way…just inherently good.”
I nodded.  “I believe that, I believe people can be innately good…or bad.  But, I can see pieces of you in him, so I am certain you are at least partly responsible for his virtues.”
A smile crept across Sir Landon’s face.  “If so, I am glad of it.  Nikolas has been like a son to me.”  He paused, looking at me meaningfully.  “He is fond of you…quite fond of you.”  We’d reached my door and he stopped and turned to face me, taking my hands in his.  “If he doesn’t come round on his own, please promise me you will do what you can…do not let him enter into a marriage with that selfish, shallow, brat of a girl.”
I scoffed, shaking my head emphatically.  “I…I can’t…what I say would make no difference.  I’m sure he knows what he’s doing.”
Sir Landon let out a humorless laugh.  “Yes, of course he does…he always does the right thing.  For once in his life, he should do what is right for him.  Sometimes, you must put yourself first.  That is a lesson I’ve never been able to teach Nikolas.  Perhaps you can.”  
How could I refuse?  This was basically Nikolas’ father asking me to help him keep Nikolas from destroying his chance at happiness.  “Of course I will do my best if it comes down to it.”  I said the words, but I didn’t know how or what I could do about any of it.
The stress disappeared from his kind face.  “Thank you, a thousand times, thank you.”  Sir Landon bowed.  “Have a pleasant night, Princess.”
“Thank you.”  I muttered, still in a state of shock at being asked so bluntly to try and stop Nikolas from marrying that she-devil.  
But, I’d given Sir Landon my word and I wanted to be a…woman of my word.  And I also didn’t want Nikolas to live in misery.  And I was pretty sure that is what this marriage would amount to…misery for Nikolas.  Even if I wasn’t kind of head over heels for him, that would be the end result.
So that was it.  If Nikolas didn’t make the call himself, I would nudge him in the right direction.  
Or shove or kick…
If it came down to it, this time I would save Nikolas.

Chapter 25
Liam’s induction went off without a hitch, black eyes and all.  
His skills as an expert archer hadn’t gone unnoticed.  He was given a place among the Hawkeyes, a group of expert archers reserved for only those who could send their arrow through a small rosebud at three hundred paces.  As part of the induction, each member took turns pacing off from his respective single stemmed rose after he’d anchored it in a vase filled with sand.  There were six members, Liam would make seven.
Liam stood across the yard directly in front of me.  I could only imagine the pressure he was under, not just to make the shot, but to live up to what would be expected of him as a member of the Knights of Castle Lux.  Even after his tantrum or whatever you wanted to call it the day before, my heart went out to him.
He looked my way and I sent him what I hoped was a reassuring smile.  My moral support was the very least I owed him, after all, he had saved my life. 
One by one each member of the elite Hawkeyes drew a slim arrow from a quill, each tipped with a razor sharp black stone that glinted in the sun.  One by one they released their arrows, each flying true, like the roses were calling them home.  The blood red blooms swayed just slightly as the arrows passed through them.
I knew little about archery, but I knew enough to be impressed.
Then, it was Liam’s turn.  The green of his eyes was darker as he studied the target for a breath.  He nocked the arrow the way people drew breath.  Instinctively.  The arrow pressed into his cheek as he lined up his target.  He was never more at home than he was with an arrow drawn.  Silently, he released the arrow and I held my breath.  
The arrow pierced the bloom, sending a spray of red into the air around the stem.  The other men had hit their target, yes.  Liam had annihilated his.  
The crowd went wild.  Even Nikolas smirked.
I grinned as well, happy for him, but at first I didn’t understand. The arrowheads were simple, shaped like the tip of a sword.  Then the answer clicked inside my head, Liam had set the arrow spinning.  Straight and deadly to its target, it never wavered in its path, but inflicted far more damage.  
Once the onlookers calmed down, Liam was asked to take a knee where he repeated the creed of the Knights of Castle Lux.  “Honor, Fealty, Duty.”
My father stood before a kneeling Liam, touching a sword to his shoulders and naming him, ‘Sir Liam Raythen.’  
As had been discussed beforehand, Liam had opted to go with Liam as opposed to William.  Couldn’t say I blamed him.  Liam is what his mother called him and Liam came with a more pleasant connotation.  
Liam looked so pleased, happy even.  And, happy wasn’t something Liam often looked.  Brooding, sure.  Mysterious, contemplative, angry, uneasy, gorgeous…absolutely.  But, happy?  Not so much.  I was glad to see him in a such a state.  It was all so nice…my mother doting on Liam, my father gracing Liam with his warm smile and overfriendly pats on the back, the men of guard taking him in as one of their own…no questions asked…as if he’d proven his fealty over his lifetime instead of a few days…all very heartwarming.  
Even Nikolas accepted Liam with open arms, metaphorically that is.  There was no actual chest bumping or weird guy hugs to be seen.  The two of them acted as if they had not gotten into a physical altercation just the day before…as if they were almost friends.  It still blew my mind and at the same time spawned a new respect in me for each of them.  
 A feast followed Liam’s knighting and everyone ate and drank and some of the guard even took to singing.  They were awful, each one of them, but entertaining none the less and my ears didn’t even bleed as I had feared they would.  
Soleil even came to offer her blessing to Liam, stroking his face with the back of her hand and just like that, his bruises and swelling ceased to exist, leaving him mind-numbingly gorgeous again.
I was thoroughly enjoying myself…until the part where Brigitte and her parents took turns fawning over Nikolas.  Brigitte, of course, had the monopoly on the fawning.  
At one point, and this was the point where I really began to no longer enjoy myself, there was a very awkward kiss that involved Brigitte closing her eyes and wrapping her skinny twig arms around Nikolas’ neck while she planted one on him.  Nikolas responded by standing stock still with eyes wide open and round like saucers, like maybe if he were still enough she would leave him alone, like you do with a bear or some type of wild animal that’s mauling you.  But, it didn’t work.  I turned away, looking in any direction except the one where Nikolas had a Brigitte on his face.
It was at that point that I decided that she had a fish mouth and I hated her…or at the very least had a healthy dose of dislike aimed in her direction.  
The celebration ended sometime late that afternoon and my parents took me on a tour of the castle and set to introducing me to those who worked in the castle.  By the end of the day, I was beyond confused and couldn’t remember a single name of anyone I’d been introduced to, aside from my own ladies, Mattie and Leyona, but happy to have met everyone and glad to have spent some time with my parents.
It was a really great afternoon…except that I’d seen little of Nikolas and heard even less from him.  And by less, I mean nothing.  He was absent from dinner that evening, though Liam was there as he’d been invited in honor of his induction.  He looked good in black, but there was something to be said as well for the way his cream colored tunic hung from his broad and well-defined shoulders.  But then, he could wear seaweed and still be devastating.
The only positive about Nikolas’ absence was stupid fish mouth Brigitte and his parents were absent as well.  I didn’t think I could stomach anymore wedding plan talk without puking, probably all over the pretty table, and that would be such a waste.
But, idiot that I was, I couldn’t help wishing he was still there…even if stupid fish mouth Brigitte and his parents were the price to pay in order to see him.  
Liam seemed to sense my mood and did an admirable job of distracting me through dinner using clever observations about Lady Belmont’s ability to make you want to remove your own fingernails just to focus on something besides the sound of her voice.  That got a laugh out of me and then he laughed and I tried to concentrate on the way his face lit up…the way his pale green eyes got lighter when his mood did.  It almost worked.  Almost.

***
The next morning I awoke to sunlight pouring through the drapes I’d forgotten to close.  I watched the rays streak through the window, particles of dust getting trapped inside, spinning in slow circles like eddies in a creek.  Pulling puffy blankets up to my face, I snuggled into the mass of pillows and linens further, perfectly content to spend a while watching the light show.  
As I lay there, I came to a few conclusions about my memory loss.  It didn’t seem to affect my baser knowledge, I could still walk and talk and I had a fairly extensive vocabulary.  I knew what horses and dresses and mountains and trees were.  I knew everything I’d ever known except for things that were specific to where I’d come from, like people and objects and experiences.  I didn’t know what exactly those things were and that was a little disconcerting when I thought about it, but for the most part, I didn’t…think about it that is.  I may not have thought about where I’d come from again at all if Nikolas hadn’t mentioned it to me a few days before.  But now, these missing memories hung around on the outskirts of my consciousness, floating about like apparitions that you could feel but not see.  I didn’t care for the sensation, so I tried to push it all away, deeper inside my mind.
Rapping at my door drug me from my spot on the bed.  This was the morning of the ball and that made me even more nervous than usual at the thought of who could be the hand responsible for the knock.  Running to gilded mirror in my washroom, I checked my reflection quickly after throwing on the pale blue robe I’d grown quite fond of.  It was the perfect thing if I needed to look presentable…or at least presentablish in a limited space of time.  
The knock came again, this time a little more urgent, so I tossed my hair over my shoulders and scurried to the door.  Cracking it open, I found a footman standing expectantly in the hallway with a raised silver platter containing a piece of folded parchment.  Nodding formally, he spoke.  “A letter for you, Princess.”  It was all so official.
I couldn’t be sure, but this felt like a new experience to me.  I eyed the letter suspiciously, probably looking like I though it may bite me, for a few moments before snatching it up.  “Thank you.”  I blurted as the footman began nodding formally again, but I was already closing the door.
I held my breath…literally…hoping while trying to convince myself that I wasn’t, that maybe this was a communication from Nikolas.  Once I was seated safely on my bed, I unfolded the parchment carefully.  
Elegant script flowed across the paper in deep black ink.  My eyes immediately found the place where the writer had signed their name.  
It was Liam.  
I let out the breath I’d been holding.  Inhaling slowly, I flopped back onto the billowy mess that sat on my bed and held the letter above my face in my outstretched arms as I read.  
Dani,
Please forgive my cruelty, for I am foolish man.  I cannot imagine you should want to be seen with me, but if by chance you can forgive me, I shall make you proud, I shall make myself worthy.  I swear it.
Your Knight, 
Liam

I starred at the words on the page.  I thought of Nikolas and quickly pushed the thought aside.  He didn’t matter, he didn’t figure into this equation…or at the very least, that’s what I would tell myself. 
Pulling myself up, I crossed to the writing desk.  Dipping the quill in the black ink pot, I scribbled out my own reply on the thick yellowed paper sitting empty on the desk.  


Liam,
Fine, let’s see if you know how to play nice.  And let’s hope you know how to dance, because I really think I’m going to be out of my league in a ballroom.  
Dani
Taking my time, I folded the thick paper and creased the edges to ensure it stayed folded, then dipped the quill in the ink once more and scribbled Liam across the outside.
I pulled my calling chain and the bell tolled once, a deep and wavering sound.  I would’ve delivered the letter to wherever the post came from, but I had no idea where that was.  And, even if I knew exactly where Liam’s chamber was, I wouldn’t go there.  I knew he was somewhere in the wing of the castle that housed some members of the guard, those with no families, but that was the extent of my knowledge on his location.  The west wing, I thought.  Those of the guard who were married were given living arrangements in a part of the castle that wasn’t actually connected the rest of the castle, but still inside the walls.  Those quarters were set off to the west side of the castle, a tiny little village all to itself.
Minutes ticked by and then the same urgent knock sounded at my door.  This time, I jerked the door open fully.  The same footman stood, silver plate outstretched as if he came equipped with some kind of letter-that-needed-to-be-sent radar.  
I squinted at him.  “How did you--?”  My question was silenced by the knowing smile on his thin lips.  
“Tis my duty to know, Princess.”  He answered my unspoken question, then bowed and spun, one continuous and graceful movement than sent him gliding down the hall.
Moments after I’d shut the door, a timid knock sounded.  This was a knock I had become familiar with in a few days time.  It was Mattie’s knock and I smiled as I opened the door.  “Please, come in!”  I said, extending a hand to each of them and pulling them into the room with me.  
They both bowed slightly and I noticed for the first time the thick linen bag that Leyona had sprawled carefully over one arm.
“It is your dress, Milady.”  Leyona said when she noticed me staring at her burden, barely contained excitement lacing her words.
I inhaled, suddenly excited, much more than I’d thought I’d be.  “Have you seen it?”  I asked as though I wasn’t allowed to look.  
Before they could respond, another knock sounded at my door.  This one was confident, almost urgent.  I crossed the floor to the door once more, wondering when I’d become so popular.  
Soleil standing on the other side of the thick wood was the last person I expected.  She smiled warmly at me, then her eyes fell upon my ladies.  “A moment alone with the princess, dears?”  It was phrased as a question, though I was pretty sure everyone in the room knew it was more of a command than a suggestion.
Mattie and Leyona both bowed quickly, begging pardons and whispering apologies.  They hadn’t done anything wrong, it’s just that Soleil had this presence about her that evoked a fear and/or respect kind of response from people.
She watched the girls leave, only looking to me once the door was closed behind them.  “Let us have a seat, Princess.”  She gestured to my sitting area and I went and sat obediently.  Soleil followed, stretching herself comfortably across her seat.  She reminded me of a cat, the way they seem to be under the impression that they own the world.  “I thought we should have a little conversation.”
I looked at her, feeling self-conscious.  “Um, okay?  What about?”
She interlocked her long fingers as she studied me.  “Your magic is quite powerful, you will require a great deal of training to realize its full potential, but I daresay you may be the most powerful enchantress I have ever encountered.”
Shaking my head, I looked down to draw circles around my mark.  “I don’t think so…I’ve only done a few things.  Don’t you think I would’ve done more if I was, you know, very good at it?”
“Your magic manifests in times of great fear, without any conscious effort on your part.  The mere fact that you have been able to channel it into something useful speaks volumes about your talent.  Most untrained enchantresses or warlocks end up making very large messes, their magic leaking out in useless bursts with no real purpose.”  She smiled at my obvious confusion before continuing.  “And you have not even bonded yet.”  
I felt my eyes grow to the size of saucers.  “Bonded?  I’ve never even heard of that.”
Soleil chuckled.  “No, I imagine you have not.  It goes by many names, bonded, linked, matched, tethered.”
Tethered.  Now that rung a bell.
“Tethered, and what does that entail exactly?”  I asked, feeling like I kept falling deeper into the rabbit hole.
“Bonding or becoming tethered, if you prefer is like finding the key to a door locked inside of yourself.  It is a feeling of finding your place in the world, a feeling of being complete, of finding the piece of yourself that was missing.  It happens with anyone who finds their soul mate, it just means a little more for you.  It will unleash your true potential as an enchantress.”  She spoke the words with a reverence, a longing that was normally absent in her tone.  I could feel the pain swirling through the air and my heart ached for her.
“Have you, did you tether, um, bond?”  I instantly regretted the words, feeling like I was prying.
Soleil didn’t seem to mind, her eyes staring out the window as she smiled.  “I was, but that was a long time ago.”  She looked back to me, smiling sadly and elaborating no further.
I didn’t push the issue.  “That’s a lot to process.”  
Soleil unfolded herself from seat and stood, still smiling down at me.  “Yes, I imagine that it is.  You didn’t not have the luxury of being brought up in a world where you learned these things at an early age.  You have a lot of catching up to do.  We will begin your instruction tomorrow afternoon.  I will send for you.  I shall keep you no longer, we’ve a ball to prepare for.”  With a grin, she flowed toward the door.  
I stood quickly, following her.  “How will I know, about the tether?”
“Oh dearest, you will know.”  She said, then pulled the door open.
The vague response frustrated me.  “But, how?”  I begged, voice a little whinier than I would’ve liked.  
Soleil peeked at me from behind the open door.  She paused, looking around the room before meeting my eyes.  “The earth will move.”  Closing the door behind her, she left me alone with that thought.
I turned and walked to the bed, sinking down on the plush downy spread.  The timid knock sounded and I put on my brightest face, not wanting to answer questions about my encounter.  “Come in.”  I chimed as happily as I could.
My ladies entered, there enthusiasm still bright upon their faces.  The dress was still draped over Leyona’s arm 
“Where were we, oh yes!  Can I see my dress?”  I asked as their infectious glee washed over me.
Mattie and Leyona exchanged a look of mutual excitement before looking back to me, heads shaking enthusiastically.  Leyona held up the bag.  “If it’s all the same to you, Milady, why don’t we keep it hidden until we’ve dressed you in it.”  She exchanged another giddy look with Mattie.  “You shall not be disappointed, I am certain.”  
It really was not the all the same to me, I could hardly wait to see what the seamstresses had created that had Mattie and Leyona so thrilled, but I conceded anyhow.  “Okay, yeah.  Let’s do it your way.”
They both smiled again.  
This time Mattie spoke.  “Let’s get started then, Milady.  We have much to do.”
By inches, Mattie was emerging from behind her carefully crafted walls.  She was still quiet, especially in comparison to Leyona who had quickly become the mouthpiece of the pair, but Mattie’s smiles were coming more frequently and every now and again she’d offer her opinion, each time seeming a bit more sure of herself and a bit less like she expected a lashing for it.  It filled me with a sense of pride and brought a smile to my face.  So long she been stuck in a shell and I didn’t know a lot of things, but I knew that shell could become all that you were and if enough time passed inside it, all that you could be.  
I found my thoughts wandering to Nikolas.  He’d freed Mattie from her prison.  I was more grateful to him every day.  He was the reason she was here, smiling, laughing, happy.
“What troubles your mind, Milady?”  Leyona asked, the look on her face saying she knew the answer to the question.
I smiled weakly at her.  “Nothing, just nervous I guess.”
Leyona nodded, her wide brown eyes unbelieving.  She’d started out seemingly timid as well, but was quick fast and in a hurry proving that was not at all her true nature.  
I forced another smile, trying to make it more convincing.  “I am your clay ladies, do with me what you see fit.”

***

Hours later, after I had been appropriately scrubbed and bathed (which I took care of myself), polished, coifed, and ungracefully laced into a dress with my eyes closed, I was allowed to see the finished product.  
I had been right to allow the seamstresses creative license with the dress.  In a thousand years, I couldn’t never have come close to thinking up what they’d fashioned.
The dress was deep blue, the color of sapphires, and shimmered in the light.  The fabric, light and iridescent, reflected the light all on its own.  But that was nothing compared to its adornments.  Tiny clear gemstones, possibly diamonds, were sewn into the material.  Thick at the bottom, gradually fading into a sparser layout as they crept up the dress.  The gems sparkled and twinkled like so many stars in the heavens.  The bodice fit snuggly to my chest and stomach, billowing out at the waist perfectly to come to rest upon the floor.  The scoop neckline was lower than I was used to, but not so low that my skin flushed red.  The sleeves were made of slices of fabric that reached nearly to my elbows, each with a gemstone adorning its tip, my skin peeking through the fabric as I moved.  
Standing back, I took a shaky breath.  The dress was very nearly as beautiful as the night sky and that was saying something.  
Mattie had forgone an updo in favor of pinning small sections of my hair with matching silver clips, encrusted with clear gemstones, each shaped like a leaf just behind my temples.  The rest of my hair hung loose around my back and shoulders, tickling my skin where it was exposed in long waves, polished and shining.  A slim silver crown sat above the clips, a lone sapphire cut like a teardrop fastened just below the delicate tip.
They left my arms bare, not wanting overdo it.  My eyes were lined in deep blue, and that and the dress transformed my boring grey-blue peepers into a deep, true shade of blue, that twinkled like the gemstones I was wrapped in.
I smiled at them, tears welling on my lids.
Leyona tsked me.  “No crying now, Milady.  You’ll sully all our good work.”  She told me with a grin.  
I laughed.  “Sorry, it’s just…you’ve made me beautiful.”  I looked at both of them meaningfully, reaching out and taking their hands.
Mattie spoke up.  “No, Milady…you was already that way.”



Chapter 26
I was waiting for Liam in the dayroom, a room that was kind of neutral ground and looked out over the garden.  He showed up right on time. 
If I said that Liam was merely good-looking all decked out for the ball, it would be a gross understatement.  He wore a dark silver fitted shirt, laced at the top with black leather strings and black trousers tucked into his black boots.  A deep green cloak hung around his shoulders, lending him a mystical air.  His black hair hung just below his chin like it always did, making the pale green of his eyes a near impossible color, like something that just couldn’t exist in the natural world.  Liam always looked good, but let’s just say he absolutely cleaned up nice.  
Implausible green eyes appraised me carefully.  “You look beautiful.”  He said as he offered me a single rose stem lacking a bloom.
I grinned as I took the stem.  “Is this the one you shot?”  
Liam nodded.  “I thought you would prefer that one to one that had a bloom.”
Laughing I confirmed his words.  “Absolutely.  This one is much more sentimental to me.”  I looked up at him, color crawling along my cheeks.  “You don’t look bad yourself, by the way.”  
Looking to the ground, his reaction was almost shy, unbelieving. 
I scoffed.  “That can’t possibly be the first time someone has told you you are good-looking.”
A strange look passed behind his eyes, almost sad.  “No, no I’ve heard it before…just not from anyone who mattered.”
Brow furrowed, I studied him in an attempt to decide if that was a conceited statement or if it was just sad.
Liam shook his head.  “Before,” he thumbed over his shoulder like before was right there behind him, “no decent lady would come within a thousand paces of me.  And, the ones who did…they were hungry for darkness…for power and wealth and beauty, no matter the cost.  Compliments mean little from such a person.”  He gazed a crystal vase filled with beautiful golden roses until his gaze found mine again.
Not conceited, this was sad.  Definitely sad.
“I daresay that’s all about to change.”  I twirled a lock of my hair around my finger, unable to hold his gaze and the pressure that came with it.  I back peddled.  “I mean, you’re a Hawkeye now, a Knight of Castle Lux.  You’ll have to beat the girls off with a stick.”  
“I do not believe I can be moved by any other girl.”  He moved closer, pinning me to the spot with his green eyes, stroking my face with his fingertips.  
I closed my eyes.   “Liam, please…”
He tipped my chin up and I opened my eyes.  “I know what you would say, I know you think I am a fool for pursuing you…”  Liam paused, considering his next words.  “Do you know that gifts can be passed down through the generations?”
I studied him cautiously, unsure of where this conversation was going now.  “Yes…”
He pressed his lips together, considering again, then blurted the words like he may lose his nerve if he didn’t get them all out quickly.  “I have seen it, Dani.  I have seen us…we will be together.  As sure as the sun shall rise, we shall be.”
Blinking rapidly, breaths coming quickly, I stood unable to produce any other movement.  “What?”  I whispered.
Liam continued.  “My mother,” pain flashed across his face at the mention of her, “she had a gift for visions, I have the same gift.  It is how I knew where to find you, I saw it…I saw you asleep on the earth.  And, I see us…together.  Flashes in my mind, your hand in mine, we are laughing.  We are happy.”  
My heart stopped.  I’d seen that too…only I thought it was just my own wishful thinking at the time.  I couldn’t speak.  
Liam sighed, a defeated sound.  “I have frightened you.  I am sorry, I will not speak of it again.”
I rubbed my hands over my face and turned away, unable to look into his eyes and see the hope there.  “No, it’s just…it’s all very overwhelming.”  Every time I thought I’d adjusted to this whole crazy situation, the earth shifted all over again.
“Then we shall speak of it no more.”  He walked to where I’d retreated and offered his arm.  “I believe its time you learned to dance properly.”
Smiling half-heartedly, I snaked my arm through his and let him lead me to the Grand Room where the ball was being held.
Music drifted through the air as we approached my parents in the holding area as I decided I would call it.  It was an anteroom just outside of the Grand Room from which we would enter down a massive staircase into the festivities.  I was accustomed to being a wallflower and here I was about to be announced to a room of hundreds of people.  It was disconcerting to say the least.
My father immediately made his way to us as I did a quick scan of the room looking for Nikolas, but once again, he was absent.  “My sweet girl, you look lovely this evening.”  
I shoved down my disappointment and put on my best smile.  “Thank you, Father.”  
He drew me into his thick arms and kissed the top of my head, somehow avoiding the tip of the crown.  
My mother took my hands in hers, smiling cheerfully.  “Are you ready, my child?  Half the kingdom awaits your arrival!”
My stomach churned unsteadily at her words.  “I…I guess so.”
She rubbed her thumbs over my fingers reassuringly.  “Do not fret, my dear, you will be wonderful.”
A man dressed impressively looked to my parents, then to me.  “Are we ready?”  He asked in voice made for narrating stories.  
My father grinned broadly.  “Aye.”  He turned to me and guided me toward the thick curtains that hung between the anteroom and the Grand room.  “We shall be right behind you.”
The impressively dressed man drew the curtains with a thick gold threaded rope.  “May I present, Sir Liam of House Raythen,” an audible gasp rang out over the low playing music, “and Princess Danica Celeste of House Connolly.”  An even louder gasp sounded then.
I tightened my grip on Liam’s arm and scanned the view before me.  Women dressed in opulent jewel tones and men in muted metals stood staring as we descended the stairs.  I searched the faces again, unable to help myself, for Nikolas.
Nothing.  Again.
Even with my disappointment weighing on me heavily, the beauty of the room could not be overlooked.  Massive guiled mirrors, some cast in gold and some in silver, hung on the walls.  Mounted to the front of each mirror were large globes filled with what I’d deemed firefly light, hundreds of them floating inside the glass, casting an ethereal glow over the room.  Larger globes hung from the ceiling, encrusted with gemstones in deep blues, purples, reds, and yellows, twinkling and flashing.  
Everything was silver and gold, tapestries, walls, cutlery, the dinner service, chairs…everything.  And I would’ve never thought it, because I wasn’t so big on metal hues, but it was gorgeous, it was a fairytale.
Liam steered us toward a raised balcony reserved for my family and their guests.  Soleil was already seated there, looking at the spectacle below as if it amused her.
“His royal highness King Elias and Her royal highness Queen Isla of the House Connolly.”  The announcer man said.
My parents came down the steps, both smiling and waving graciously.  They were old pros.
Taking their places at the table on the balcony, they stood opposite of us, facing the crowd below.    When we were all in place, my father raised his hands and everyone clapped and cheered.  
When the cheers died down, my father spoke.  “After many long years, our only child has returned to us.  It is with grateful hearts that we celebrate with you tonight.  In the world, there shall always be good and so there shall be evil.  Difficult times lay ahead.  We must remember that no matter how dark the night may be, the morning comes still.  And so I ask you, raise your glasses and join me in a toast.”  He plucked a golden goblet from the heavy wooden table and lifted it high in the air.  “To the coming of the dawn.”
“The coming of the dawn.”  Hundreds of voices echoed my father’s words.
The toast signified that the speech part of the evening was over.  My father took his seat and tipped his cup back and around the room, others did the same.  Some chose to take to the dance floor and soon there was blur a rich colors spinning and circling slowly on the dance floor below showing off graceful dances I wouldn’t be any good at even if I knew the steps.  It wasn’t like I had two left feet or that I was particularly clumsy…I just got so nervous that I became stiff as a board and resembled a reanimated corpse whenever I tried to dance.
The music wafted easily through the air, the tune happy and bright, flutes tooting out the melody with their high and joyful notes.  
A mass of golden curls caught my eye as I watched the people standing around the dance floor.  There she was, subjecting one of the knights and his wife to her nails-on-a-chalkboard-laugh, Brigitte.  I scanned the immediate area around her, no Nikolas.
Where could he be?
“Would you like to dance?”  Liam’s silky voice plowed into my thoughts.  
I turned to look at him, plastering on my best smile again.  “Sure.”  Taking the hand he offered, I let him pull me from my seat and lace my arm through his.  
The music had changed to something a little slower, but still happy and sweet.  Liam placed a hand at the small of my back and guided me through the dance that involved a lot of spinning.  Me spinning by myself, me spinning with Liam and another couple like the spokes of a wheel, Liam and I spinning around the floor together.  I prayed I wouldn’t get sick and also that I wouldn’t accidentally flog the head of some poor innocent bystander in my attempt to keep up with the steps…and then I wondered if I could get close enough to purposefully flog Brigitte.  
Liam looked so happy, more and more frequently it was happening.  And it was such a good look on him, happiness was a good look on anyone.  I found myself considering a relationship with him, trying to push my heart in that direction.  After all, I’d been all for it before the entrance on the scene of a certain blued-eyed knight.  Maybe the best thing to do was to stop fighting this and let it happen.  Of course, I’d still do anything I could to ensure Nikolas didn’t hitch himself to Brigitte for the rest of his life, but it seemed kind of sad and pathetic to keep clinging so tightly to something that wasn’t clinging back.
All at once, I felt the tiny hairs at the back of my neck stand on end.  Something in the air was changing.  “Did you feel that?”  I asked Liam as we spun some more.
He nodded toward one of the large windows, but looked unconcerned.  “Charges fill the air, a storm approaches.”
“Oh.”  I had spun back around to face the window and could see a flick of lightening in the distance.  “How is the girl?  Annette?”
Liam’s face clouded.  “Not well, I’m afraid.  She still hasn’t spoken, aside from saying her name. She sits and stares, empty and lifeless.”
“Does she eat?”  I asked, worried she was going to starve.
“She does, but only if she’s fed.  She swallows, that is all.”  Liam shook his head, disturbed by the very thought.
“That’s awful.”  
“It is.”  Liam said.
Neither of us spoke as we headed back toward the balcony, heads and hearts heavy with concern for the broken girl.  We made our way back and my mother drew us into a conversation about Liam’s skill with an arrow and eventually we came out of the funk we gotten in by talking about Annette.
My father had been absent from the table since we’d returned.  He stood by the dance floor now, talking animatedly with one of the guests.  Occasionally, I could hear his laughter even over the music and chatter.
“Will you honor me with a dance, my queen?”  Liam asked.  I looked over at him where he was standing with a hand outstretched to my mother.
She smiled at him.  “It will be my great pleasure.”  
As he led her away, she shot me a strange smile, like she knew something I didn’t.  
I watched them make their way down the stairway and out onto the floor, smiling to myself at the way she welcomed him into the fold so willingly.
The music morphed from its happy and light notes to something deep and beautiful.  The strings picked up the melody, sweet and heartbreaking.  A violin solo wove its haunting notes in the air, sad and lonely and exquisite.
Then, I saw him.  Nikolas.  
His blue eyes were on me, wild and fierce and beautiful…time slowed to a crawl.  I watched him as he slid through the crowd below, the way he moved lithely between the bodies, the way his hair swayed back and forth at his temples, the way the fabric of his pale silver tunic glided over the taught muscle beneath.  My heart nearly exploded inside my chest, desperate to be near him.  
He was the only thing that existed then, the only thing that breathed, moved, shined.  
My heart twisted, a sweet and violent sensation.  He never tore his gaze from my eyes as he ascended the stairs toward me.  He didn’t say a word as he extended his hand for mine.
Without a second’s hesitation, I placed my hand in his and my skin hummed at the contact.
He led me down the stairs, my hand in his just the way he’d held it when he led me to the overlook to view the Valley of Light for the first time.
Lighting flashed in the distance and I watched as it reflected in his eyes.



Chapter 27
Thunder rumbled in the distance.  
There was a charge in the air alright.  We were waltzing.  I didn’t know how to waltz, but Nikolas was leading me and that made it simple because I would follow Nikolas anywhere…in a dance, off a cliff, into the pits of hell…anywhere.
“You have captivated the room, as I told you you would.”  Nikolas whispered, his breath feathering along my neck.
I felt heat burn through to my cheeks.  “No, not me.”
He exhaled.  “Very well then.  You have captivated me.  I can tell you that with the utmost confidence.”  
I drew my head back to look into his eyes and steeled myself to say the words I didn’t want to say.  “Nik…don’t.”  
The pain in his eyes at my words set my heart to aching and everything in me wanted to snatch them back from the air between us.
A hand touched his shoulder, yanked it rather, and it did not belong to me.  I saw the perfectly sculpted blonde curls before I heard the voice that hit my ears like liquid acid.
“I will not have this.”  Brigitte bit the words out between thinned lips, nearly snarling at Nikolas.  She looked crazed, eyes wild and angry.  
I stepped back, escaping Nikolas’ embrace, brought back down to reality with a crash and a burn.  My heart constricted inside my chest.
Not yours, not yours.
The unwanted thought ricocheted around inside my head.
“I have said all I have to say on the matter.  It is done.”  Nikolas spoke in a level tone, irritation edging into his voice.
Brigitte’s eyes flashed with fury, her face turning a deep shade of red that bordered on purple.  “I will not allow it, you will not make a fool of me.”
They were close now, in each other’s faces in a bad way.  I retreated and neither noticed as they stood toe to toe.
Yeah, that spelled happily ever after.
I scanned the room, desperate to find the exit.  Relief flooded my veins as I turned to find it only a few paces away.  The guards opened the doors for me, right on cue and I slipped out into the garden.  
Once outside, I didn’t stop.  I hit a run, or at least as much of one as I could in my beautiful and, as it turns out, hindering dress.  I ran straight to the place in the garden where I’d found Nikolas.  It was kind of ‘our place’ and I was kind of sad and pathetic for seeking it out.
I tried to catch my breath, walking in circles and trying to think of things like kittens and puppies and scary dangerous death trap horses, anything but blue-eyed knights that held my heart on a string.
The hair on the back of my neck stood on end and I stopped pacing, a sinking feeling creeping through my veins, cold and heavy like blocks of ice.  For emphasis, the sky flashed and thunder rumbled, loud and demanding, the ground trembling in its wake.
“Dani.”  Nikolas breathed.
Turning to face him, I forgot about my fearful body hair and the sinking feeling.  
I’d had enough.  He was ripping me apart, dangling in front of me like water to someone dying of thirst…just out of my reach.  
Now I was angry.
“No, no more.  You can’t pretend to be unaware of what you are doing to me!  I…I can’t keep doing this, just leave…leave me alone.”  I spat at him, gouging my fingernails into my palms to keep the tears at bay.
He looked relieved and anguished and happy all at the same time.  “No, I will never leave you.”  He said the words with a little laugh, like I was stupid to suggest it.
I huffed at him, fuming now.  “Is this a game to you?  Because, if it is, it is not a fun game, not for me!”
Nikolas stepped closer, I stepped back.
“Dani…this is no game.  Please, let me explain…you make me feel—“
I cut him off.  “No, no I don’t want to know how…no!”  I picked up an apple from the ground and threw it at him.”  
He ducked out of the way of my makeshift missile easily and closed the space between us, never missing a beat.  He grabbed my arms.  “It is over, Dani.  I will not marry her.”  He paused, watching my reaction.  
I couldn’t speak, I wasn’t sure if I’d heard him correctly, afraid to believe that I had.
He took my silence and ran with it.  “How could I marry her, how could I share my life with someone when…when my every breath is drawn for you?  It always has been and I do not know how that is even possible, but I know it is true all the same.”  He paused, trailing his fingers the length of my cheekbone.  “I have been going along in this life, merely existing, and when I looked into your eyes that day in the woods…it is as if my heart only then started beating.  Dani, I cannot…be…without you.”
“You…you…really?”  I said eloquently.
Nikolas laughed, the sound sad and happy.  “Yes.”  He breathed.  “I am captivated by you…I am lost without you.  I am yours…every breath, every beat of my heart, every piece of my soul…belongs to you.”  He wound his fingers into the hair at the base of my neck, pulling my face to his.  Foreheads touching we stood there breathing the same air.  “All of me belongs to you.”  He breathed the words and his breath feathered along my cheeks, ignited tiny fires throughout my body.
A streak of lighting escaped the clouds, connecting the sky with the earth as the bottom fell out and the rain came pounding down in thick sheets.
We didn’t move, staring into each other’s eyes like we had only just been given the gift of sight.  I watched as the rain trailed down his face, watched as his gaze found my lips.  He tilted my head back and pressed his mouth to my eyelids one by one, then my cheeks and my jaw.  He brought his other hand to my face and my heart hammered so violently against my chest I worried he could feel it too.  His brilliant blue eyes dropped to my lips again and he pressed his mouth to mine, fingers knotting in my hair, drawing me against him.  
I could swear the clouds parted and I know I saw fireworks behind my eyelids.  The storm powered on around us, fierce and beautiful and alive…just like this moment.  I knew this is what I’d been waiting for my entire life, this space in time where I stood with Nikolas.  It was like the earth had moved to carve out a little hole where only he and I existed and there was no mistaking that in my world, the earth had absolutely moved.
The kiss was sweet and cautious and tender at first, but it wasn’t close to enough.  I parted my lips and the kiss became intense.  We were devouring each other, clinging desperately to one another.  He was light and air and happiness and I needed him to survive.
We were both soaked to the bone now, massive drops of rain cascading down our faces, but it didn’t matter.  I wasn’t sure if my feet were touching the ground anymore.  He kissed me like his life depended on it and I reciprocated in kind.  We were close, but it wasn’t enough.  I pressed my body to his as he ran a hand down my shoulder and past my ribs, wrapping it around my waist and pulling me to him tighter.  Still, not enough.  I could have crawled inside of him, burrowed into his beating heart it would never be enough.  
My heart charged on, beating frantically, sweet and violent again.  I loved him.  I loved Nikolas so much it was nearly painful, but still perfect.
Thunder cracked and lighting flashed all around us, the ground trembled.  It was just as it should be, at least, that’s what I thought at first.  But, then when the thunder ceased, the ground continued to tremble.  Not constantly, but like a ticking clock or a beating heart…tick…tick…thud…thud.
We both realized it at the same time, breaking away from the kiss.  I stared up into Nikolas’ eyes to see them widened in fear.  It was only then that I realized my hair was standing on end again.  
“What is that?”  I asked as the ground shook again, my fingers clinging tightly to his forearms.
Nikolas shook his head, turning toward the sound and taking my hand in his to lace his fingers into mine before turning on his heel.  Then, we were running through the darkness toward the castle again.  The rain was still pounding along with my heart as we rounded the shrubs and the doorway to the castle garden came into view.
I didn’t even see her.  
I was too busy concentrating on the sounds of confusion and fear wafting through the air from the hundreds of people inside the Grand Room.  It wasn’t full out panic yet, but it was headed in that direction.  
Nikolas stopped, pulling me back and behind him in one fluid movement.  At a loss, I peeked around him as the ground shuddered again and the rains receded to only a fine mist.
Annette sat on the ground, soaked to the bone.  She raised her emaciated arm and brought it down to the ground and impossibly the earth quaked beneath the strike.  She sat looking at Nikolas, eyes empty and lifeless, then her gaze shifted to me and they sparked to life.  Her eyes almost glowed and not in a good way as they filled with loathing.  She raised her arm again and I saw the mark on the underside of her upper arm.  It was off, skewed and wrong like I was looking at it after being hit over the head with something, but it was there…a sick looking sun that glowed a faint red.  It was different than my own mark, but it was blatantly obvious what it meant.  Annette was magic, too.
This time, an ominous smile spread across her hollowed face before she struck.  She didn’t strike the ground though.  She swung her tiny arm like she could punch me from there.  
That’s strange.
That was my last lucid thought and then I was sailing through the air.



Chapter 28
Nikolas

My head pounded violently and screams wailed in my ears.  I was floating in darkness, trying to break the surface.  A futile effort it seemed.
Dani.
I struggled to emerge from the darkness, eyelids fluttering.
Dani.
Stark fear coursed through me down to my very bones and I struggled harder.  My body finally obeyed and my eyes shot open.  My vision was blurred and I felt hot, wet warmth seeping down my neck.  Fingers fumbling, I searched my head until I located the source at the base of my skull.  I swirled the sticky blood between my fingers and thumb.  I was injured.
Dani?
Was she injured?  I remembered why I had to open my eyes and the world came swarming in around me once more as I recalled what had happened.  Pulling myself forward I came to rest on my knees, hands sprawled in front of me as I tried to find my center of balance again.  The ground beneath me tilted and spun.  
I searched the grounds with foggy eyes, a cold feeling spread through my chest as my surroundings came into focus.
There by the castle stood Annette, face devoid of emotion once again, hands outstretched toward a doorway.  But it was no ordinary door, it was a portal, and there emerging from the door were scores of Black Knights.  
Ruedenbury.  I recalled a story I had been told as a boy.  I thought it a simple children’s tale, but now it seemed there was more truth to it than I ever would have believed.  Ruedenbury was home to the fabled pools of Old Avenlore, where the first magic appeared in our world.  There was a portal there so powerful one could go anywhere, no veil or charm was able to hold up against this old magic.  All that was needed was a someone to open up the door on the other side.  The protection Soleil had place around the castle would be useless if a portal had been opened inside the grounds.  It was so obvious, and yet, we had all missed it until it was too late.
Lead settled in my core.
The din of metal on metal reached my ears and I watched as the Knights of Castle Lux battled the enemy inside our very walls.  Our numbers were few, the commotion only drawing the attention of those immediately in the area.  Someone would have been sent to gather our full forces, but the precious minutes in between would be like a lifetime.  
I tried to think beyond the initial I knew the impossibility of the situation, the castle was charmed and enchanted to prevent those cloaked in black magic from entering.  And yet, here they were.  She had brought them here.
My eyes found Annette…it must be her…this must be her purpose.  My mind raced with possibilities, trying to understand.  She was not dark, she could not have been touched by black magic to have entered here.  A thought struck me.  She’d been no more than a babe when she was taken and babies were like putty.  They could be molded into whatever shape you desired.  If that were true…she had been molded into a monster.  She was not black magic, but she was magic…pure and innate…just like Dani.  The blood that flowed in Dani’s veins flowed in Annette’s as well.
Dani.
Fear and determination burned through me, beseeching my muscles to remember their strength and my mind to recall its purpose.  Protect this House, protect my king and queen…protect Dani, my Dani.
I existed for this purpose.
I drew myself up from the ground to stand on my feet as I pulled a dagger from my boot and one from my belt.  The blades held no runes, they held no magic and they would do little against the dark magic cloaking the Black Knights, but I would make due.  Within my chest my heart pulled and I followed, turning to see Dani striding forward bravely with steel in her eyes, as if she was not small, dainty, and nearly made of glass.  
I opened my mouth to call out to her as she raised her arms to her target, Annette.  My words stalled in my throat.  She was sure of herself now, more so than I’d seen her at any point in time since her return.  Her movements were instinctive, as though she’d been born for this moment.  I could not understand the change.  Before, her magic was spotty, she could not command it.  It had just come in moments of great distress, without her having the ability to control it.  Now, it seemed as though some sleeping giant had awoken inside her.
As if sensing Dani’s approach, Annette pivoted toward Dani and from her hands flew a wave of red, like a half circle spanning around her protectively and pulsing slowly toward Dani.
“DANI!”  My hoarse scream was scarcely audible above the chaos.
But, this time Dani was ready.  Spreading her tiny fingers she produced an identical wave of blue and when the two fields met, the force shook the earth, releasing a wave of power that leveled me and everyone in the surrounding castle yard.  
Only Dani and Annette remained standing.  
The portal behind Annette began to flicker, like the flame of a candle.  She squinted in concentration, pain crossing her hollow face as she fought to keep the portal open.  It shone more brightly, the light nearly blinding me.
Through the light stepped a beast, a black horse with eyes of an eerie pale white.  The stench of decay assaulted my nose.  I had become accustomed to this phenomenon years ago…evil smelled the very same as death.  The same smell oozed from the pores of each Black Knight in the yard, but none so pungent as that of Lord Soren.  Thunder cracked through the night, as if announcing his arrival, deep and ominous.
 Sitting grandly atop his steed, Soren surveyed the yard, his gaze lingering on Dani.  I stepped forward closing the distance and placing myself between Dani and the man who meant to take her life.  
A manic smile spread across his face.  “Belmont, always such a pleasure to be in your company.”  His eyes fell to Annette and he smiled, almost proudly.  “My pet.  You have done so well for me this night.”
The portal blinked once more as Annette turned to focus on Lord Soren, then faded to blackness.  She smiled up at him, looking to him with so much adoration in that moment she appeared more like a little girl and less like a corpse.
Distracted by Lord Soren’s appearance, Annette had closed off the portal and her protective field faded away.
The confidence that had flowed from Dani moments ago wavered as she warily looked on at Soren for the first time, her field disappearing on the wind.  Without being told, she knew who he was…knew he was here for her.	
The yard was silent as the grave now but I knew they were here, the full power of the Knights of Castle Lux.  Like the coming of the rain, I could sense them fanning out silently all around us, just as they’d been trained to do.  It was a precaution I had taken, a contingency plan put in to place if the need should ever arise, but I never dreamed it would become necessary.    Movement above caught my eye as Soleil emerged onto the balcony overlooking the yard, Queen Isla at her side.  She met my eyes for a moment, and then shifted them to Dani and back again.  I understood her silent plea.  Get Dani out of this nightmare.  I nodded once in understanding.
All around us, knights emerged from the trees.  To my left King Elias emerged, flanked by Sir Landon.  To my right, Liam stepped forth, a hellish glint in his eyes as he studied his father.  Looking to me, he tossed over my sword.  
While I may never grow fond of Liam, he certainly had my respect.  
“William, how you disappoint me.”  Soren spoke, his voice feigning sadness.
The tension pouring from Liam was thick on the air.  “Your approval is something I have not concerned myself with since I was a small boy.”
Soren scoffed.  “You would take up arms against your own blood, boy?”
Liam stared unforgivingly at his father.  “It is not blood that flows in your veins, father, but evil.”
Nodding solemnly, Soren appeared to consider his words, but no one was fooled.  This was a game to him, one he enjoyed intensely.  “You know the cost of disloyalty, my son.  It will pain me to kill you, but know I shall not hesitate if you raise arms against your own house.”
“So be it.”  Liam responded, pulling an arrow from his quiver and nocking it in the blink of an eye.  
Like a dam breaking, all around fighting broke out.  Liam loosed arrow after arrow at the Black Knights and this time they seemed to do significant damage.  The Maker love Soleil and her charms.  
Landon charged into the fray like a madman, screaming “The dawn is coming” as he ran.  King Elias fought behind Dani while I fought in front of her.  I blocked blow after blow, the force reverberating through my skin and down through the muscle and bone beneath.  I pierced the black knight before me through the chest and looked up to find an arrow stall before piercing my eye, it fell to the ground quietly against the damp earth.  Turning to find Dani, she stood behind me with an intent gleam in her eyes as her hands worked frantically to drop arrows and block blows.  
She was amazing.
My eyes fell to King Elias, who was fighting ferociously against a Black Knight.  He blocked and sliced and swung with his sword until he’d nearly vanquished the evil before him.  He never saw the enemy that approached him from behind.  Running to defend my King, I was vaguely aware that a portal had opened up near Dani.  I had nearly reached the King and Soren shoved his sword toward him.  Jumping into the air, I brought my own blade down against his and only the tip of his sword glanced off the King’s armor.  
Loren Soren looked down at me from the saddle with a strange, content smile.  I turned on my heel and watched as a silver arrow slid from his belly.  Liam was visible in the background, nocking another arrow.  
And then I felt it.  It was an odd sensation as the metal pierced my flesh and entered my body.  Painful, yes, but more than that it was shocking.  I heard a shattering scream, Dani’s scream, as I dropped to my knees.  The Black Knight before me fell to his as well, and then slumped to the side, blood gushing from his mouth and another silver arrow tip protruding at the base of his throat.  
Dani screamed again and a blast shook the ground, leveling everyone once again.  
Resting on my side, I watched as Dani crawled toward me, screaming and crying.  With what strength I had left, I pulled the sword from my belly…then came the pain.  It was cruel and cold, and my vision became cloudy.  
I could still make out a glowing blue, a beautiful sight, lighting the two figures heading toward it.  One pulling, the other being dragged.  The pain had dimmed and I thought of Dani and how my heart beat for her even as it slowed in my chest.
Someone was screaming.
I closed my eyes and saw her face, pale and beautiful…looking to me as though I were the sun.  The face I lived for…the face I would die for.  
I no longer felt cold or pain, but happiness and warmth as I sank beneath the cold black depths



…to be continued.

Keep reading for a sneak peek at Unraveled, the next installment of the Avenlore Series.

Chapter 1

Pain was the first thing I became aware of.  Not physical pain, though that was there too…hot and searing in my core.  It didn’t compare to the other.  This pain was staggering.  My heart had been flayed open and my soul had been shattered, scattered in millions of tiny bits that drifted lazily inside my body, carving away pieces of me as they went.  My breath came in broken, ragged sobs as hot tears spilled from my eyes to flood my cheeks.  
Someone was screaming.  Haunted and hysterical wails carried through the air that chilled me to my very bones.  It wasn’t until sometime later that I realized the screams were my own.  Even then, I couldn’t stop them.
Eyes squeezed shut, I thrashed and lashed at the hands that attempted to touch me.  The touch was gentle, probably even meant to be soothing.  I rejected it anyway.  Something in the back of my twisted and tortured mind told me this was a friendly.  This touch meant me no harm.  But, that didn’t matter to me now.  
Nothing mattered anymore.
Behind my sealed eyelids, his face floated before my eyes.  
Nikolas.  Strong jaw, perfectly curved cheekbones, crooked nose, and the most amazingly beautiful blue eyes.  His face was still breathtaking, but in his beauty lay my horror now as his electric blue eyes slowly closed, chest stilled with the absence of breath.
I screamed again.  I screamed and wailed as my throat burned and ached with the force of the sounds my broken heart and soul demanded of me, sounding like a banshee hailing an impending death.  They were the only sounds I was capable of making, screams and wails…and sobs.  So, I made them until I exhausted my vocal cords.  But, that only meant that no one else could hear my cries, no one but me.  The screaming went on for an eternity in my head.  Then, at last, eternity ended.  
***
With much effort, I forced one eyelid open.  I lay on something soft, a light scent smelling of clean linen, fried food, and age hung in the air, oddly comforting.  My body relaxed by a fraction as my mind decided this place smelled…safe.  As my one open eye began to focus, I studied the intricate cream colored lacework stitched into the hem of the sheet that covered me.  Like an itch, something twitched at the edge of my mind, annoying like water dripping from a leaky pipe.  Even as I tried to ignore it, I could feel the pressure of the pipe threatening to burst.
Drip.  Drip.  Drip.
A thought struck me, something gnawing inside my gut whispered of fears I could not name, more potent and powerful than my leaky pipe.  Swirling at the edges of my mind were thoughts, horrors attempting to press into my consciousness.  I pushed back at them, desperately clinging to the foggy numbness I was suspended in.  I exhaled softly as I won the battle, beating back the pain that begged to suffocate me.  
One word brought the pain crashing in around me.  
“Dani.”   A lovely voice breathed.
My eyelids shot wide as I sprung into a seated position.  Mouth nearly coming unhinged as I tried in vain to scream, but my voice could not be compelled to comply.  It was like those dreams where you fear for your life or that of another, trying frantically to voice a plea, a warning…but to no avail.  
Flashes of light, hues painted blue and red danced before my eyes…the clash of steel in my ears… the salty smell of sweat and the metallic stench of blood tempered by freshly fallen rain…and Nikolas…so beautiful…so lifeless.  I felt the mud between my fingers as I crawled toward him where he lay lovely and broken upon the ground.
I searched my hands for the earth that felt so real between my fingers.  They were pale, pale even for me, but clean even as I turned my palms away to search the backs of my hands.
I couldn’t understand.  What had happened, where we were…I didn’t know.  Nothing looked familiar in this foreign room.  
I searched the foamy green eyes across the room for the answers to my questions.
Drip.  Drip.  Drip.
Liam’s eyes reflected the fear and pain of my own as he closed the space between us, reaching his calloused hands out to mine and lowering them gently to my lap.  “Shhhhh.  Shhhh.  You are safe.”  He cooed quietly.
While still striking, Liam looked exhausted and worry worn with his black hair in disarray atop his head, his face drawn, and bluish circles hanging beneath the pale green of his eyes that were so dull they hardly looked like his own.   
I shook my head emphatically in disagreement.  Opening my mouth again to begin my onslaught of questions, I was met with only silence, my voice lost.  Frustrated tears beaded along the rims of my eyelids as I shook my head again, grasping his strong hands as I strained to ground myself.  To discern what was real and what my mind had conjured.  
Gripping his long fingers tighter, I begged with my eyes for the answers to questions I couldn’t voice.
If it was possible, Liam’s green eyes grew duller as his face became etched in sorrow.  I shook his hands and my head when he seemed reluctant to speak again.
A defeated exhale was his only response as he tilted his head a fraction.     
Drip.  Drip.  Drip.
A looked around the room hysterically trying to gain my bearings, taking in the antique four poster bed hewn from rich cherry wood I was occupying.  In the corner stood a matching armoire inlaid with a beveled mirror, the reflection of the room distorted by the aged, glassy surface.  A vanity sat pressed to the wall in the same deep, lustrous cherry wood as the bed and armoire, with delicate glass knobs perched on each drawer.  The bedside table held a hand-painted pitcher nestled in a matching basin to one side, and an antique rose-colored glass lamp complete with a fringe of crystal teardrop prisms adorning the shade.  The graceful prisms threw rainbow shafts of light in various directions from the sunlight filtering in through the large bay window that faced an expanse of meadow.
Turning my head back to face Liam, I frowned as my brows knitted in confusion.  Where are we? I mouthed to him as the contents of my stomach turned to rot.
This time Liam answered, though he seemed reluctant to do so.  “You were not safe, the Black Knights were almost upon you.  We could have attempted to flee, but we would never have outrun them.  The portal was the quickest way to ensure your safety.”  He squeezed my hands to offer moral support.
My breathing became labored as I shook my head at him.  My lips formed a single word.  No.  I didn’t mean to conjure that portal, I hadn’t conjured it…had I?  Frustrated by my impaired ability to communicate, I flailed my arms toward the room around me, then tapped my index finger repeatedly against my sternum.  I prayed silently, because that was the only way I could pray at the moment, that he would understand.  
“Dani, you must be gentle with yourself.”  Liam told me carefully before answering my question.  “Soleil conjured the portal.  I’m so sorry, Dani.  I cannot imagine…”  He trailed off, omitting the words that would wound me further than I already had been.
My cheeks were damp with tears before I realized I had begun to cry again.  I felt dizzy and deprived of air, afraid and threatened by powers and pains I was not strong enough to defeat.  My head felt disconnected from my body as I hyperventilated, causing my extremities to tingle.  As the room began to spin, or perhaps it was me…I couldn’t really tell anymore, the pressure in my mind reached a new high.  Behind the wall of tears that had formed in my eyes, shapes became indistinguishable, melting into a blur of colors that spun all around me.  
Drippp…Drippp…  
Burst.
All at once I was assaulted with vividly clear images racing through my field of vision like a movie set to fast forward.  My body pitched and convulsed with the onslaught.
Trucks and cars, stoplights, busy paved roads, mountains and trees.  The gondola that carried vacationers up the mountain, a busy strip of road lined with shops, the massive grave yard that hosted a ghost tour.  Scores of high schoolers cheering at a pep rally, painted faces in the school colors of purple and white, the bright lights beaming down on the football field at kickoff.  A modest square house, school texts open and scattered across a simple wooden desk, my aunt standing in a doorway with her arms crossed over her chest, and Jones…smiling and laughing as he opened the passenger side door and gestured for me to climb inside.
A sense of familiarity overwhelmed me as I realized what I was seeing.  My memories, my life as it had been before.
As suddenly as it had begun, the images stopped, settling back into my mind like that’s where they belonged.  
My vantage point had changed, I realized, as I stared up at the domed ceiling of the room.  After a few moments, Liam’s face entered my line of sight.  His brow furrowed as he looked down at me.  He looked uneasy, fearful even.  Carefully, he brushed aside a now sweat soaked strand of hair that clung to my clammy forehead.  “You are safe.”  He murmured, like I was a small child afraid of the dark.  
But, I was no little child and what I feared was far worse than the dark.  What I feared most had already happened.  I had lost my family…again.  And…and…Nikolas.
Maybe I was wrong.  I had to be wrong.
My father, my mother?  I mouthed, staring into Liam’s green eyes.
He absently pushed more stray hairs away from my damp skin as his face became more drawn.  “I…I do not know.”  He said reluctantly.
Nikolas?  I pleaded.
Liam closed his eyes, unable to face me as he shook his head once.    
That was the straw that broke the camel’s back.  Pain washed over me with a fresh fierceness I wouldn’t have thought possible.  I had won a small battle earlier, keeping the pain at bay.  But I was all out of fight now.  My body writhed against the mattress, mouth agape in a silent wail.  
Liam tried fruitlessly to sooth me, stroking my arms, attempting to still my quaking body.  I caught sight of his face for a moment, panicked, his eyes were fixed on my abdomen.  Muttering a string of curses under his breath, he began applying pressure to my stomach.  I thought this was a silly thing to do.  I wanted to tell him so…tell him that he couldn’t fix me that way, tell him I was broken beyond repair.  
Slowly, I became aware of a new pain, a physical one.  It felt like ripping, shredding just where Liam’s hands were pressed and then deeper.  The rusty smell of blood floated in the stagnant air of the room and Liam began cursing again.  
I pushed the physical pain back down, I could fight that one at least.  I had to concentrate, maybe I could fix this.  Maybe I could turn back time, maybe I could be magic once more.  Focusing every ounce of strength that remained to me, I squeezed my eyes shut as my body stilled and…just…tried to will the hands of time to turn back, to get back to where I came from…to do something, anything but exist in a world where Nikolas did not.  
Panting, I thought harder, trying to use my sheer will to bring what I wanted into fruition.  The room became brighter and I opened my eyes, needing to see why.  My skin was glowing, light radiating from my pores.  Something warm trickled from my nose, I paid it no mind.  My hair whipped around me, but only me as Liam’s sat placidly against his brow.  
Liam looked horror struck…and…panicked as his hair began to ruffle slightly, like the wind was reaching out to him now.  Grimacing, he yelled over the howling wind.  “DANI STOP!  YOU MUST STOP!”  Then, he turned his head and spoke to someone who wasn’t me.  “I can stop her, give me a moment!”  He pleaded.
A voice I was unfamiliar with spoke next, feminine but, gravelly.  “You cannot stop her now any more than you can stop the sun from rising!  You could sooner stop a bolt of light from touching the ground if it had a mind to do it!”  The voice bellowed.
Liam bellowed back, angry now.  “NO!  I can help her.”
The voice responded with a roar, speaking over the whipping wind.  “You cannot help her now.  She will destroy you as she destroys herself.  There is no more time.”
I would’ve looked for this person, the one who was saying these crazy things, but I was too busy.  I couldn’t be distracted anymore, I was going to do this…or die trying.
I shut my eyes against the brilliant light, determined to focus correctly once more.  Something tickled my nose, a strange odor filled my nostrils and my concentration faltered, the light behind my eyelids dimming and the wind dying down.
I plowed forward, trying to think of what I wanted.  My thoughts slipped away from me slowly, but steadily, like water being pulled toward an open drain.  Mind fuzzy, I opened my blurry eyes to the spinning room or the spinning me…whichever it was.  The light died away and the last remaining strand of whipping hair landed softly on my clavicle.  My hands searched for the gooey wetness that was seeping across my skin.  While my vision was questionable, my sense of touch told me my hands and fingers were slick and wet…and the scent…it was unmistakable…salty metal.
Blood.  
Who’s bleeding?
My eyelids drooped once, twice.  
Stay awake, you’re not finished yet.
Three times.  My eyes did not reopen.  
As my mind drifted like a leaf on a stream, I had a thought.
What had I told Nikolas?  Oh, yes.  The price you pay for passage…
I couldn’t complete the thought before unconsciousness swept me away.

