



…Summary…
A Conflicted Soul... Rahda Plesti, a scientist turned assassin, descends upon the capital city of Skyscraper City with one goal in mind: kill the Dark Prince and end the monarchy. Taught to hate everything about Prince Roland Rexus and the Rexus family, Rahda conceals a ten-year secret that threatens her success: she's in love with him. Already conflicted about why he summoned her, everything unravels when she discovers what the Dark Prince keeps hidden.

A Dark Prince... Roland Rexus, the mysteriously absent and secretive dark prince has his hands full ruling a post-royal revolutionized land inhabited with half-humans, beasts, and robots. The Dark Prince has his reasons for summoning Rahda Plesti. The Continent is on the brink of war, one with consequences that not only impact Skyscraper City, the Dark Prince, and Rahda herself, but the entire continent as well. He needs Rahda more than she could ever imagine, but convincing her to go along with his plan may be his hardest job yet.

A Dark Stain... The Continent is a place where a dark stain spreads, the sun no longer shines, where the rain is black, icy, and laced with metal shrapnel, and where souls are collected and owned like prized possessions. Together, Rahda and Roland must join forces and learn to trust each other... or everything and everyone they hold dear will be lost forever.

[1. Fiction. 2. Fantasy—Fiction. 3. Science Fiction—Fiction.
4. Romance—Fiction. 5. Deities—Fiction. 6. Alternate Earth—Fiction.]

Smashwords Edition  |  License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this ebook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to my Author Page and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. The characters and events portrayed in this ebook are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.
Copyright © 2013 K.A. Shire
All rights reserved.
Cover Design by K.A. Shire
Cover Image: “Fairy” Copyright © cokacoka] 
[Previous versions of this ebook have been published with different covers]
[Previous Cover Image: “Dark Beauty” Copyright © GrenouilleFilms
[Previous Cover Image: “Cosmogony Fantasy” Copyright © YaroslavGerzhedovich]
Table of Contents
Before - The Goddess
Preface - Fernley Sevradan
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
About the Author
Bonus Material

Before

“I wait for the Queen who will restore, who will reclaim, who will make me whole. Come, I breathe life into you, but first, I must take it all away.”
Goddess
Preface

“Prophecy says the last daughter of the last high priestess will reclaim the continent. I both fear and pray for this truth.”
Fernley Sevradan
ONE

SKYSCRAPER CITY IS NOT USUALLY THIS empty. It’s a little too eerie for what I expected this evening, which is a busy, bustling city inhabited with the odd mixture of royalty, vagabonds, personal pleasure servants, half-humans, and mechanized robots weaving in and out of the dirty crowds.
“But not today, Rahda,” I say to myself, clutching my meager belongings even closer to my body as I look around. Darkness moves in as the daylight fades.
Nothing feels right, not since I left my mentor yesterday and journeyed here. Turning in the direction I just came from, I observe the tall trees that lie south and the mountain range that naturally divides the continent in half. I can almost see, in the distance, where the Old City sits in relation to the rest of the mountain range.
A pang thumps my heart. I want to go back, but I know what’s expected of me, and I must continue on.
I briefly hesitate before I enter through the metal gates, the doors of which have long been removed, that separate the Dark Prince’s Skyscraper City and his Palace from everything else.
I glance up at half-built silver buildings. Even though their surfaces are coated with dried charcoal dust, the glinty material still reflects the gloomy, ashy-gray sky and the weak yellow sun-rays that barely break through the dense and permanent gray clouds.
It’s been a while since I’ve entered Skyscraper City, and even though the name is fitting, I’ve always thought of the place as Gray City. Dreary, rainy, and savage.
A fierce wind picks up, whipping my wool and metal fabriskin robe angrily at the black boots laced up over my calves. I jog left, out of the dry, dusty street, and duck under a shabby, pockmarked awning. I inspect the bright green signs that, in the Patroxi half-alien language, along with detailed pictures, advertise food, clothes, sexual favors, and drugs.
Ah… a Patroxi convenience store.
The wind picks up again and this time, a clap of thunder crashes overhead. Stepping out from the awning, I glance up and see the swirling gray-black clouds. Any second now, it’s going to pour.
Commotion in the Patroxi convenience store distracts me from the coming storm. The patroness, a tall, thin Patroxi half-alien, with thick black and orange braids and attired in a sheer fabriskin robe that leaves nothing to the imagination, shoos me away from underneath her awning.
“But the storm!” I shout at her in her own tongue and point skyward. Dear Goddess, I think. I don’t want to be caught in it when it comes down.
“No human step inside,” the patroness says in broken English as she looks me up and down with a scathing, black sneer. Her slim, gleaming fingers pluck something from the belt underneath her thick robe: an amber-colored blade. Without much of a warning—though I sort of expected it—her long arm swings at me and I easily jump back, away from the awning and into the street. 
The Patroxi business owner looks up, and I watch as her features darken. Her face shifts, uncoagulates, turns translucent, and then hardens into some sort of mask-like shell, almost like a battle helmet.
Overhead, another crack of thunder vibrates my insides, and I attempt to reason with the patroness.
“Be gone,” she hisses at me in her own language, waving her small weapon around.
She sheaths her blade, unhooks the awning, and brings it flush against the metal wall. I hear a series of locking sounds coming from the inside just as the first acidic drop hits my shoulder. Then another. The black droplets scatter in front of me, splashing into the dust. Bits of black ice smack, smack, smack the ground. The wool and metal fabriskin robe should protect me against the rain.
Goddess, I hope so.
An electric charge fills the air around me, and I pull the robe’s hood over my head. Looking into the city, I can see the topmost part of the Palace Skyscraper blending into those dark clouds. I’m nowhere near my destination. Even if I sprint, I won’t make it before I’m drenched. Waiting may not work, either, since storms around here can last days.
I don’t want to meet him looking like a pathetic dog.
Who am I kidding? It’s rumored that the Dark Prince has returned to the continent, and even though he’s the reason I came back to Skyscraper City, I doubt I’ll see him. 
Without much choice, I run deeper into the Gray City as rain strikes me, thunder rumbles, and silver ribbons of lightning flash overhead like a trifecta of ominous warnings.
TWO

KEEPING TO THE SIDES OF BUILDINGS, I skirt around the streets, sprint down alleyways—including the notorious Widow’s Lane—and make my way through Skyscraper City. 
After several knocks at an old friend’s shoppe, a place I had planned to stop off at before going to the Palace Skyscraper, I’ve come to realize everyone, including my old friend Dorni, is gone.
And I have a feeling it’s nothing to do with the storm. As if on cue, a ripple of lightning crashes several blocks away from me, and it nearly makes me jump out of my own skin.
Where is everyone?
Pulling my hood further down my face and cinching my wet fabriskin robe closer to my body, I attempt to shake off the black feeling of being watched as I leave Dorni’s silent shoppe, turning corner after corner, but not encountering one soul.  
Up ahead, through the black rain and in the dark shadows, I see the stone arch like a beacon of hope. Main street. The Palace is so close. Almost there, I think with a grin. Nervous excitement dances in my veins at the thought of seeing him.
I slip under the stone arch, which is larger than I remember, and spot the plain, unadorned Palace Skyscraper door. If I dared look up—no one would be stupid enough to do so in a black ice rain storm—I would see crooked windows scattered unevenly around the metallic walls, as if the designer wasn’t a fan of straight lines or couldn’t be troubled to make the windows match.
In an odd way, I like how it looks. I’ve never been a fan of perfection.
I watch the door intently from across the street. Should I just knock? Even though the city is empty, it never occurs to me to suspect that the Palace Skyscraper might also be deserted. Otherwise who would have sent the invitation?
A dim yellow streetlight flickers as thicker bits of black rain hit it. A tinny sound rings out every couple of seconds. I think I see a shadow dart under one of the windows, but it disappears before I can get a good look.
Finally, I march across the cobblestone street, my boots splash in a puddle, and I pound firmly on the solid bronze door.
***
A fat, dull-silver-colored robot, about half my size, opens the door. Its tube-like arms block my entrance, but it hasn’t said anything, either.
I stare mutely before I realize it’s waiting for me to say something. Honestly, Rahda, this isn’t your first time looking at a robot. You’ve made dozens of them yourself over the years.
“Rahda Plesti,” I tell the little robot servant. “I received an invitation.”
The robot makes a series of clicking noises, like maybe it’s receiving orders, and, in its eye socket hole, a thin laser tip comes out and scans my entire body. After a brief moment it backs up and its arm gestures for me to enter. The door shuts loudly behind us.
I follow the robot through a pale blue door that leads us through a long yellow hallway that, eventually, ends at a wooden bridge that arches over a large crack in the floor.
It’s like the floor ruptured at some point in the past and, with no precise way to fix it, someone decided to place a bridge there instead. One wrong step and I’d slip away and never be found. A small chill runs through me.
The robot, probably not built to traverse wooden bridges, turns and leaves me here. 
The sense of being watched assaults me again. Everything beyond the bridge, which is a wide-open space with dozens of closed doors, is dark. Anyone could easily hide in those black-hole shadows. 
I should wait, I tell myself, and see what comes out from the shadows.
Stepping onto the bridge, I look down into the vastness. I can’t see anything, but based on what I smell—the hint of battery acid—I know it’s black water. It’s worse in Skyscraper City. How or why, no one knows. It’s like a great sin started here and it only needed someone to unlock the mystery of its beginning.
Why a river runs through the Palace is puzzling. 
Echoes of splashing and crashing below reach my ears, though the sounds aren’t loud enough to drown out a metallic silence that reverberates around me. 
“Lovely, isn’t it, Ms. Plesti?” a dark voice says from the other side of the bridge. A woman, tall, sleek, with eerie cat eyes that move and don’t move at the same time, approaches. “And to think that a thousand years ago this water was liquid diamonds. Now, black silk.”
I am more interested in why there’s a crack in the building, but perhaps I’m missing something that’s well known.
I shrug. “I don’t know if I would call it black silk. It was never this bad back home,” I say absently without realizing what I’d said. I planned to be cool, detached, remote. Something about this room—this woman—has made me a bit foggy.
“Home? You are a great deal away from home, then. Are you in the PPS service?”
Am I a Personal Pleasure Servant? Who is this woman?
“No,” I say calmly as I push back the hood from my fabriskin robe and smooth my right hand over the faux black silk scarf wrapped around my hair. My hand comes away wet.
The woman inspects the black scarf. In fact, she hasn’t stopped inspecting my whole person the entire time. I wonder if she has perfect vision. It wouldn’t be the first time someone was enhanced. Her voice purrs as her eyes dissect me, layer by layer. I have a feeling I’ve passed some sort of test. Or she plans to eat me for dinner.
“Of course,” she murmurs. “My mistake. I am Cat Evinas, Roland’s chief of staff.”
 Roland.
I shudder, tingle, and sweat the second she says his name. Roland. I want to pour the word from my mouth, drink it, bathe in it. It’s always been this way. He is the reason for my journey to the city.
Roland Rexus. Powerful. Hungry. Dangerous. Some called him the Dark Prince; others, a Devil. I didn’t care which I met tonight. 
Her eyes move to the bag under my arm. 
“Please excuse the invasion,” she says before I realize she’s talking again, “but I must inspect your belongings.” 
In a flash, she’s an inch from me and I’m handing the bag over. I see no reason to resist. I’m close enough to see the brilliance of her amethyst eyes as she examines the benign contents of my bag, then, without warning, a dark shadow crosses her face. She looks up, studies my face for a full minute, looks down again, and, just as quickly as it darkened her features, the shadow disappears.
The exotic woman places the bag’s loops up my arm and over my shoulders.
“Everything satisfactory?” I ask. I don’t know what to make of her behavior, so I keep my voice neutral.
“Why wouldn’t it be?” she asks in a challenging tone, turning away from me. “This way, if you please, Ms. Plesti,” she calls over her shoulder. Her tall legs pull her away from the bridge faster than I could ever catch up. Cat walks to one of the far doors and leads me into a cleaning chamber. I can smell the antiseptic as she opens the door. “Perhaps you would like to freshen up.”
***
Peeling off the wet robe, shirt, and trousers, I stack and fold them neatly on the granite counter. If I’m dismissed, I’ll be able to come back for these on the way out. I pull out a well-used, dressier-looking black fabriskin robe from my bag, slip it over my nude frame, and close up the toggle clasps that start at my breastbone and go down to just below my sex. 
Inspecting myself in the mirror and still finding myself lacking—the black silk wrapped around my hair really doesn’t do much for me—I carefully apply coral lipstick and exit the cleaning chamber.
The woman waits patiently near the door. 
“Shall we continue on?” she asks.
“Yes, thank you, Ms. Evinas.”
“Don’t thank me just yet,” she says. As she straightens my fabriskin robe, Cat smiles seductively, as if she’s left prey for a hunter. A silver fingertip lingers near my neck, scratching me slightly—and moves away from me. I involuntarily shudder. She’s good. She’s very good. I have a feeling that Cat Evinas will complicate everything.
Before I notice it, we’ve moved into another chamber. I spot a large, active fireplace and two richly upholstered chairs nearby.
The room turns darker, even with the fire, as Cat walks me deeper in. A soothing, a soft music reaches my ears.
She smiles and leaves my side.
“Wait…” I call out. Surely she’s the one interviewing me. She slips through a door near the fireplace. As I watch her go, I realize one of the chairs is occupied.
“Hello Rahda,” a baritone voice from the furthest shadowy chair says. Long fingers play on a delicate armrest, perhaps keeping melody with the music I heard only seconds ago. “Thank you for coming this evening. It’s not often that I summon someone. I know that all of this must seem strange to you.”
Strange and exciting and seductive, I think. I can scarcely stand still – or breathe – because I am only a few feet away from him.
I stand there like an idiot, racking my brain for a coherent reply. I can hardly respond with what I’m thinking. Roland Rexus is talking to me. Roland Rexus is talking to me.
“Forgive me,” he says suddenly. “Please sit.”
“Thank you for inviting me.” Dear Goddess, I’m sitting near Roland Rexus. “It is a pleasure to be here, Prince Rexus.”
A small laugh comes from his dark corner. I have yet to see his face; not even the firelight reaches him even though it should. Why does he hide? I imagine his eyes are crinkled; that’s the way the laugh sounded, and slowly I thaw, relax.
“A pleasure to be here? I wouldn’t be so sure of that, Rahda.”
THREE

I WATCH AS HE LEANS OVER and hands me a wine glass filled with dark, red liquid. He moves faster than I could have ever imagined someone doing. 
My teeth worry my bottom lip. 
If I’m with Roland Rexus—even thinking his name does unspeakable things to me—then maybe he won’t turn me away. Much depends on him accepting me. I try not to get my hopes up. 
It’s rumored that Roland has but four employees who work and live in the Palace Skyscraper. It’s doubtably untrue. How could anyone run a city with just four employees? Will I be the fifth?
I expect him to ask questions about my research qualifications, my chemistry, biotechnical, and alloy resurfacing skills, or, at the very least the customary, dull questions about the weather, why the birds never came back, or why the water is black.
He stares at me instead. Granted, I can’t see his eyes, but I feel his intense gaze strongly, like a magnetic pull.
The matching glass in his hands sparkles ruby red as he drinks from it. I drink from mine, a tiny sip, almost in unison.
“When can you start?” he asks, his voice clear. Decisive yet shielded. There’s more there, hidden. I long to learn of it, discover it. Discover him.
“I—” don’t know what to say.
“Expected an interview?”
“Yes,” I say somewhat louder than I had anticipated. I don’t know why I’m feeling combative, maybe because I thought I knew what would happen. I never expected to be hired without so much as being asked one question. 
“You will be relieved to know that you conducted three interviews. The summons, my chief of staff, and just now, with me.”
This was silly. It can’t be this easy. Waltz in. Meet the intensely reclusive boss. Get hired for the most exclusive job on the continent.
“How do you know I’m the right applicant?” Why the hell are you questioning him, Rahda?
“You’ll find that I have a way of knowing who should and who should not work for me. Up until you, no one passed my three distinct interviews. Not one.”
I feel the urge to challenge him. 
“Did I pass all three interviews?” I ask somewhat defiantly. I shouldn’t have been so bold, and I shouldn’t have asked a question I didn’t know the answer to. I should have just thanked him, answered the question, and shut up.
Roland laughs again. This time, I catch the edge of his jaw; the firelight bounces off him for the briefest second. I expect smooth skin, a handsome chin, a full mouth. Like how I remembered it from my youth. Instead, his square jaw is puckered, pink, and scarred. He moves back into the shadows before I discover more.
Suddenly a lot of things make sense. 
Roland Rexus didn’t remember me… and why would he? I was but a child and he was already a man back then. He is only hiring someone with my particular talents. 
“No,” he says thoughtfully with a touch of playfulness. I could tell he was enjoying this. “You only passed two.”
FOUR

I HEAR HIS LAUGHTER ONCE MORE, and I wonder if he can read my thoughts. Surely he thinks I am the stupidest person alive.
“You never answered my question, Rahda.”
I shake my head, thinking. “Which question is that, sir?”
“Sir!” he barks out. “None of that here. Call me Roland.” I believe my insides will melt if I say his name out loud. “When can you start?”
“Oh!” I say quickly, forgetting that he asked that. I still have a hard time understanding that I am actually in front of the man who I have been dying to see again, and here he is, asking me when I can begin my work for him. Did I throw all of that training out the window? What about common sense? “Immediately.”
His hands clap. 
“Excellent. Now, there’s a matter of weapons.”
Dear Goddess. Absently, I rub my lips together.
“Weapons?” I repeat. Maybe the man can read my mind. I own only what you see me wearing right now. An inferior, though thick, wool fabriskin robe and a scarf I bought yesterday with the last coin I possessed. What do you see when you see me?
“Did I stutter?” The playful voice is replaced by a hardened tone, one a lifelong criminal would confess to. His legs uncross and then cross again. How would he know? How could he know? 
A small sigh escapes his lips, and I feel the urge to know what those lips look like, feel like on me.
“I am not in the habit of carrying weapons. I don’t exactly have a place to carry them.” This is a lie, and he knows it. I could easily hide something as large as a crossbow under these fabriskin robes.
“Take off your scarf.”
I shake my head. “This is ridiculous.”
Another sigh comes from his dark corner, and his hand moves. Something clicks on. A silver communicator tablet. “Cat, please escort—” 
“Wait!” I practically yell, yanking the black scarf off my head. I stand up as I do so and in the process, I end up several feet closer to Roland as the whisper-thin black fabric falls to the ground and my dark hair, finally loosened from its prison, falls around my shoulder blades.
Roland, head bent down, hiding, quickly grabs the scarf and recedes back into his corner. I see more of his jaw, the scars, the unnatural skin. My own skin shudders.
“Do not ever contradict me, Rahda.” His voice could cut glass. It could, and probably will, cut through me if I am not careful. I nod my consent. This job is too important to suddenly lose it on the first day and in the first hour. “Where is your weapon, Rahda?”
“I don’t have one—” 
Instantly, he’s on his feet and, while he is mostly shadows, he is nearly on me, inches from touching me, and I’m not sure if it is the fire or Roland that has my skin burning. 
“Are you going to make me do this?” he asks, his voice biting its way into my head. Tilting. Turning. Confusing. I don’t know how I feel, but I don’t feel sane right now.
“Do what?” I whisper, swallowing. My throat is paper thin because of his nearness. He is so close. Suddenly, my shoulder is on fire. I turn to inspect. His hand is there, through the metallic fabriskin robes, heavy, burning, marking me. I try to find his eyes, his mouth, anything but that damn scar on his right jaw, but I see nothingness. Shadows. An outline of a face—once handsome—a downturn of lips, heavy threaded eyebrows, dark eyes, dark hair. A beastly prince.
I am repulsed by the changes just as much as I am aroused by them. 
His voice is husky when he says, “Take off your clothes.”
FIVE

“WHAT DID YOU SAY?” I WHISPER. He is close enough that I can smell the fragrant wine on his breath. He stands in front of the fire, a black silhouette. Now his other hand is on my other shoulder. Scorching. Hot. 
I’m delirious. 
Trapped, and willfully so, it would seem. I can easily run in the opposite direction—to the door behind me on the far side of the room, or even the door that Cat disappeared into—but I won’t. Can’t. He doesn’t trust me, and he shouldn’t. But I didn’t expect this turn of events. I didn’t expect to feel this way so quickly, which is stupid since I’ve been in love with this prince for ages. But doubts creep in. There is a war going on inside me. Bickering. Plotting. Fighting. Surrendering.
The fire roars behind him, the flames flare and lick around his dark figure. I should be scared—and maybe I am—but knowing that he’s touching me, staring at me, is enough to make everything inside of me quake.
I wonder if he feels me shivering beneath his fingertips. Surely the entire building can feel it. Left in this spot with his hands on me, I have no doubt that I could create another crack in the floor.
Then his hands move over to my neck in a hypnotically slow manner; fingertips travel further up, and he sinks his fingers into my hair. Threading, kneading. And I melt as his head comes in lower, his lips nearly touch my ear. If he kisses me, I’m lost.
Not true… I was lost the moment I walked into this room.
Roland tilts my head.
Then he ruins the moment.
His fingers grab my hair, holding me hostage, and he says in a low tone directly into my ear, “I am not a fool, Rahda. I know why you’re here, and I know who sent you. Did you think you were unique? Special? We’ll dance a little—I’ll pretend that you don’t have a hidden agenda—and then I’ll send you away empty-handed, and I can positively tell you that I won’t care about whatever fate awaits you. I said take off your clothes.” He hisses the last part.
His words shock me to the core. He knows! This changes everything. I’m not prepared for this. None of it. But I have no choice. If I have to remove my clothes to convince him I’m not who he already knows I am, then I better hurry.
His hands are no longer on me. Whether he pushed me back or I stepped back on my own, I’ll never know, but it is all me as my fingers fumble with the toggle clasps at my chest, and the metallic, wool blend fabriskin cascades down my milky white breasts, taut rosy nipples, flat stomach, over wide hips, and gathers around my feet in a shimmery pool of softness. Lifting an eyebrow at his shadow, I step out of the fabric and stand proudly. I am mostly shadows, too, or so I hope, but surely the firelight casts my silhouette in a more favorable manner.
Nothing but heat stands between his eyes and my naked, unmarked skin. His stance changes, and I wonder if he means to retreat to his chair and inspect me as one might appraise a priceless specimen. Instead, he moves around me as silently as an assassin. Inspecting the curvy applicant in front of him. Unless feminine curves were a legitimate weapon to Roland Rexus, he won’t find whatever he thought he would on me. They never do.
As his shadow returns to my front—I haven’t moved one inch during his assessment—he bends down, low, near my feet. His hands gather the fabric and, as he slowly rises, I take in his thick, dark, wavy hair and a non-scarred forehead. The fabriskin robe moves up with him.
He pauses at my sex, his face inches away, and a small groan escapes my lips. I’m not sure, but I think I hear Roland growl a low grunt. I can feel his breathing on me. It takes my entire willpower not to step into him, to let my delicate smooth skin make contact with his lips, and let whatever happens happen. But I maintain my statue-like stance and his pause isn’t as long as I would have liked it to have been, and he gently secures the fabriskin robe up my body, allowing my arms inside, and fastens it low between my breasts. His fingers linger.
I wouldn’t mind a splash of cold water right about now. I wouldn’t mind inspecting him in the same manner, either. 
Roland steps away from me, clears his throat, and then retreats into his chair. He doesn’t seem as confident. His movements are unsteady as he brings the wine glass to his lips. I wonder if he imagines that I am that wine, ingesting me, tasting me.
I swallow hard and stand there. Trying to look calm, but I’m anything but.
“It seems I am mistaken, Rahda,” he says from his corner. “Cat is on the other side of the door and will show you to your room. Goodnight,” he says in a quiet, dismissive tone.
What I want to say in a challenging manner is, No, you are not mistaken, but instead I say, “Goodnight, Roland.” I turn and leave his mysterious, alluring figure in the dark room behind me. Somehow, I know that he won’t stop me, and I’m both relieved and disappointed.
SIX

IN ONE SENSE, I FEEL A small victory. I challenged the equilibrium of my new boss, but it wasn’t completely one-sided. I must admit that I barely made it out of there with my wits about me. If he only knew. If he only knew how close I was to crumbing in his hands. How close I was to throwing myself at him, mission be damned.
I close the door and find his chief of staff waiting against the opposite wall. I expect her to ask a million questions—outright and veiled—but instead, she congratulates me, leads me down yet another long yellow hallway, through a lush tropical atrium filled with brick pathways amongst dazzling flowers, tall canopy leaves, exotic trees that house tiny white monkeys, and a small purified and drinkable waterfall, all of which sit beneath a thick clear glass in the ceiling that would either display a gray day or a dark, moon-filled night. The entire structure takes my breath away.
Tonight, the stormy sky above cast eerie shadows as I follow Cat into the center of the tropical gardens. 
“The Gardens are open to the public during the day, so avoid it if you can, but it is the quickest route to your suites from the executive floor,” she tells me. 
“Can I come here at night?”
She pauses for a brief second. “Yes, of course, but you might have company.” The way she answers me tells me she isn’t open to further questioning about that. I assume she means Roland. But I don’t feel confident in that assessment.
I decide to take a closer look at Cat Evinas, Roland’s chief of staff and my current guide through the staggeringly huge Palace Skyscraper. Cat also wears a metallic fabriskin robe, but the material is blueish-black, silkier, sheerer, and encrusted with black jade stones at the hem. My own wardrobe is downright pitiful in comparison. 
Cat stops at a low-lighted lamp.
Beneath her robe, something glitters: a thin silver dagger sits in a sheath attached by a silky braided rope around her slim hips. She wears nothing else beneath the robe and, where not tattooed, her hairless skin is a soft, peachy color. Long fingers point at items as she describes something—which, at the moment, is a pink-tipped horned toad once thought to be extinct.
“Roland loves saving animals,” Cat declares with warmth in her voice and for the first time, I wonder if she is more than his chief of staff. She is exotic, different, lovely. Feline-like. When she looks at me, it feels like she’s looking right through me, like I’m transparent. Perhaps Cat is someone he saved. I don’t want to be jealous, but I am.
“What exactly does a chief of staff do?”
“Whatever Roland needs. I take care of the employees, the Palace, and him.” 
I’m definitely jealous.
We reach the end of The Gardens, and Cat types a sequence of numbers into a pad butted up against a corner wall, and a hidden door hisses open. 
Immediately, the air feels different. Less heavy. “We pump extra oxygen into The Gardens,” she explains once the door behind us seals itself shut. I hear something and I look around Cat to see what it is. Down another long hallway, a set of small, rotating elevators hum a welcoming tune. We walk to it. The lifts appear to be on a loop; one set takes you to the floors below while the other to the floors above. I try to recall how many floors the palace claims. Twelve? Twenty? From the ground view up, the top of the Palace Skyscraper reaches the clouds that cover the city.
Cat steps into one of the lifts as I stare at her rising form. 
“The Palace appears to be rather advanced,” I say as I enter the next lift, making it swing slightly. It didn’t stop as I had expected, and Cat had to explain to me that since it moves so slow, it’s more efficient to step into one instead of stopping it, stepping in, and starting it up again. All I can think about is that it doesn’t seem worth it just to save a couple of seconds.
“Just wait until you see the northwest wing. Timing is everything,” Cat says, smoothly stepping off the lift two floors up. “So far, no accidents.” 
I stumble from the elevator, step on my fabriskin robe, and tear it up to my hip. Not even the hum of the lifts masks the awful sound as the metal fabric springs apart, and the tiny black slivers splatter everywhere. Luckily, Cat catches me before I completely fall to the floor, but my bag slides off my left arm, into the empty space between the floor and the lift, and crashes several floors below.
“My bag!”
Cat shushes me, straightens me out, and taps a few buttons onto a slim communicator tablet. 
“No need to worry, Rahda. I’ll have a bot bring everything up to your room.” She sees the concern on my face and she turns her tablet and shows me a real-time layout of the floor plan several levels below us. A small blinking dot moves about swiftly, apparently picking up my purse and whatever ejected from it. “See. All taken care of. The bot will be in your room before us. Now,” she clicks her tongue at me, “your robe isn’t serviceable.”
I realize that the front flap of my fabriskin robe is open from the waist down, exposing me completely to Cat. She doesn’t seem the least bit fazed. Cat grabs a loose corner and quickly fixes it to a higher point on my robe, using some sort of quick drying adhesive, creating a lop-sided hem. 
“It will have to work until we reach your suites,” she says smartly, winking. “Very nice figure, by the way. Almost there.” She leads me down a thin corridor lined with tall windows and turns left once the walls are a warmer mahogany wood color, the floor thickly carpeted, and the lights low. The area is less industrial and more residential.
Decorative sconces, mirrors, and hallway dressers line both sides of the welcoming passageway. I can just barely make out my shadowy reflection, catching glimpses of my disheveled hair. I just now remember that Roland kept my scarf.
I notice the two-foot service robot beside a door, presumably my room. It is holding my purse up high on a metal arm-rod, eagerly waiting for me to take it. I feel around the bag’s outside to ensure my tablet is inside. It is.
“Thank you,” I tell it just as it scurries away, its little wheels working hard against the carpet.
I look up at the door. On a gold placard, in large letters, the words Research Assistant Seven are etched in. It looks brand new. 
“What happened to the other six?” I ask, meaning the other six research assistants before me.
Cat hesitates, but then says, “They did not work out as anticipated. But,” she says and smiles brightly, “you are here now and you’ll have a busy day tomorrow. You’ll find a booklet of instructions in your room. Good night.”
I reach out to stop her. Her robe is so smooth and beautiful, I dare not touch it. “I seem to have a wardrobe issue,” I say, my face burning red. I can’t wear a torn fabriskin robe tomorrow, not when I have to worry about everything else I have to do.
“Did I not tell you?”
“Tell me what?”
“Your closet inside is stocked with several dozen outfits. Feel free to wear whichever you like.” Her communicator tablet beeps, and she looks at it immediately. “Roland needs me. Good night, Rahda, and welcome home.” And before I realize she’s gone, Cat’s long legs carry her in the same direction the bot disappeared to.
I stay in the passageway, listening, waiting, wondering if anyone else is around. After memorizing the floor, I finally go inside my suite, but not before noticing a shadow move near one of the mirrors further down the hall.
Roland.
I don’t know how I know, but I do. I don’t stay to find out why. I close the door and lock it.
SEVEN

MY SUITE TAKES MY BREATH AWAY. It is more than a suite, it’s a series of apartments, complete with a furnished living room, dining room, and a plush bedroom that connects to a glass bathroom. There’s even a small balcony that overlooks the interior courtyard below. 
Such opulence contrasts with the dreary, humble—even shabby—environments outside the Palace walls. Something like anger burns through me. Don’t let these rich appointments and furnishings blind you, Rahda.
But before I can find the wardrobe Cat spoke about and clean up, the aroma of a hot meal comes from the dining room. When was the last time I ate a sumptuous meal? I cannot name the dishes, so I won’t even attempt to, but I eat a little bit of everything. 
I don’t worry about the dishes after I notice a small porthole in the corner of the dining room. I’m looking at it as, with a little jolt, a tiny robot with telescopic arms and a shiny tray appears at the opening. It goes about its bustling business without acknowledging me.
Leaving the dining room, I disrobe, shower, and let the last twelve years wash away. The training. The hardship. The fighting. The lies. 
I have no desire to conjure up the memories that brought me to this point, but at least, for the moment, I’ll let the lukewarm water, which is mostly a trickle, and the scented soap flow over and around me. I can’t remember the last time I felt this clean or smelled this good. 
I look through the glass wall into the bedroom, and all I want to do to fall between those crisp, clean sheets and enter into a dreamless sleep. But I’m too excited about tomorrow, too eager to unlock the mysteries surrounding Roland, and it shows on my face as I wipe the bathroom mirror clean.
I slip into a warm bathrobe, exit the bathroom, tie up my long hair, and explore the bedroom. More specifically: the wardrobe. My feet pad over thick carpet.
I ignore my purse on the bed and the tablet inside. I’ll wait a few minutes before logging into my personally secured network that, before coming here, my mentor assured me could not be compromised by Palace security. But six disciples came before me and failed. I have to wonder if anything I was taught is true.
Am I in a battle worth fighting for?
Is it worth my life?
Is it worth Roland’s life?
I open the wardrobe’s heavy wooden door, and folds of fabric spill out as if they are dying to escape. I knew I’d see fabriskins robes—it is the required city attire, including the Palace—but not in such glorious fabrics. Silks. Satin. Wool. Sheer. Raw metal. Molded glass. Even denim, which only half-humans wear. Each are perfect for my height. Some are plain, thick, and professional looking; others are sewn with gems, pearls, and embroidered with exotic patterns from some far-off continent. I pull those out for further inspection but, in a quiet, demure way, I place them back into the wardrobe. I’ll never wear them. No need to. In all of my training, my personal appearance was never discussed. Perhaps it should have been.
In the wardrobe’s drawers, I find articles of clothing one would expect to see. Undergarments. Stockings. Nightwear. Wool trousers and utility shirts. I’m happy to know that I won’t be walking about the Palace Skyscraper naked. I could never be as bold as Cat with her lithe figure, exotic features, and a dangerous dagger at her hip all on display in a sheer fabriskin robes. It suits her.
Strangely, it didn’t feel sexual on Cat, though, in truth, I felt a slight sexual pull toward her. It makes me want to know more about her. Earlier, when she glided through the Palace, she didn’t walk as if she were on the prowl for a mate. Roland’s chief of staff personified confidence. She could probably pick and choose her mate without much effort. 
As for Roland himself, well, I wasn’t sure what he wore tonight. It wasn’t a robe at all, but trousers and a utility shirt—or at least, that’s what I think he wore. I was too busy with my own disrobing and discovering a real sexual attraction to the man.
I don’t know what to make of the scars I glimpsed. With time, which, unfortunately, I don’t have the luxury of, I might discover the mystery.
With a full belly, clean clothes, and knowing that I should stop thinking about Roland and Cat—I might go all night thinking about them—I sit on the plush, high bed, open my purse, and empty the contents.
I look down at everything I own in the world. 
A small, palm-size tablet. Identification and immunization cards. Make-up satchel. A fifteen-year-old framed photo of my family back home. This, I study for a moment longer before I shove it back into the purse. I’m not ready for the dark thoughts that accompany the photo.
I attempt to power cycle the tablet on, but I didn’t need to make the effort. The backside is cracked clean through. Its outer-shell softdrive integument must have fractured during its two- or three-story fall. Now, the communicator to my mentor is about as useful as a drink coaster. So the next time Roland offers me a glass of wine, I’ll have a place to put it on.
Until I hear from my mentor, and I know I will, I’ll continue on with the mission, but there’s no harm in discovering Roland’s secrets in the meantime.
I return everything back to my purse and put it away. Then, with a longing look, I peel the blankets back, push off the bathrobe, turn off the lights, and jump into the tall bed. The sheets are cool against my naked skin, and it’s a luxury. 
All I want to do is sleep. But it doesn’t come easily. Just then, someone knocks on my bedroom door.
EIGHT

THERE ARE TWO POSSIBILITIES AS TO whom the door knocker can be, and I know who I hope it is. If I know what’s good for me, I shouldn’t open it.
But I’ve never been good at listening to myself.
I put the bathrobe back on, pad to the door in the dark—I hit only one wall—and open the door.
He stands in shadows, as there’s no light coming from my room and the hallway seems even darker. But it is Roland. Somehow, I know what he smells like, and it’s something I want to run my tongue over in a very slow and savory manner.
“I came to ensure you found your room alright,” he says in a low voice.
I smirk in the darkness. Sure you did. 
“Yes, thank you. Good night.” I move to close the door knowing he won’t let me. I don’t plan to make it easy for him, not after our earlier meeting.
His hand stops the door from closing. 
“That’s not the only reason I came by. I wanted to apologize for the way I treated you. Obviously, I had too much wine and you weren’t cowering to me. I found myself reacting to you in an interesting manner.”
Interesting manner? Is that what that was?
“So let me get this straight: do you order everyone who doesn’t bow down to you to remove their clothing?”
“Not usually.” His voice is edgier. “I truly thought you had a weapon.”
“Because I wasn’t cowering to you?”
“The entire event was a mistake.”
I don’t respond right away and an awkward silence comes between us.
“Fine, I accept your apology,” I say through my teeth. 
I hear a relief-sounding sigh escape his lips. But he throws me for a loop when he says, “You smell nice. Like Orbi Flowers.”
“Thanks,” I say hesitantly.
“Can I come inside?” He asks in the barest whisper. Is he afraid of being overheard? He owns the entire Palace. He owns me now, too. Or he thinks he does.
“It’s late and I’m tired. Can this wait until the morning?”
“No.”
I step back and allow him to enter. I keep the lights off. It might make all of this too real. I might do something stupid like take off my robe and sit in a chair in the dark and hold a conversation with my new boss. I might ask to lick him. Heated desire courses through me.
We move deeper into the apartment, and I’m not sure where I lead him. Probably the living room, based on my recollection of my new living quarters.
I stub my toe on the coffee table. Definitely the living room.
“Sorry about that,” he says right behind me.
“For what, barging in my room tonight?” I sound more tired than pissed. As long as I don’t sound aroused, I’ll be fine.
“For the stubbed toe. I placed the coffee table there, so the way I see things, it’s my fault entirely.” There’s laughter in his voice, and I find myself smiling at him. Not that he would notice. He seems more comfortable. 
“Can I ask you a question?” I ask.
“Yes,” he says.
“Why me?”
“As in, why did I summon you? I’m somewhat of a planner and I’m careful of who I hire,” he says from somewhere else in the room. He’s moving and I’m standing still like the perfect target. I move behind a chair. “I know of your biotechnical talents and I’m confident that you are capable of so much more. In fact, I know you are. I summoned you a year ago, but you never came. I’m glad you’re here now because time is running short.”
“I never received—”
“I know you didn’t,” Roland says. “I’m not exactly on good terms with the Old City’s leaders.”
“Funny, but I always thought it was the other way around. The Old City isn’t on good terms with you.”
“I’ve hardly been around for anyone to be on good or bad terms with me.”
“So it’s true that you’ve been in hiding?” I ask.
“Hiding? No, I wouldn’t call it that.”
“What do you call it, then?”
“Diplomatic excursions.” I hear a hint of laughter in his voice.
“I see,” I say with a grin. “You said something about time running short?”
“Have you always been this inquisitive?”
I think about that for a moment. “Yes, I think so,” I say. “Why is time running short?”
“Because in three days I’ll be dead.”
I squint at him in the darkness. “I don’t know how anyone can know the exact day they’ll die.”
“I do. I’ve known it for a long time. And now you’re here, as expected, but the purpose you think you’re here to do and the one you’ll actually do are two different things.”
“You act as if you know everything about me,” I say.
“I only know what I need to know.”
“Do you normally talk this cryptically? I’d like to turn the light on now.” My hand is on the lamp. One small flick and I’d see his face. I’d see what I had to work with in the morning.
“I’d very much prefer that you didn’t. Not right now. I like your honesty. Once you see me…” He trails off.
“I’ll be repulsed?”
“Yes. No. I don’t know.” I can hear the confusion and exasperation in his voice. Either he has never been in this situation before or he’s playing me for the biggest fool ever.
“I hate to break it to you, Roland, but I saw part of your face tonight already.”
“And?” He barely breathes the question. His voice is closer.
“I wasn’t repulsed. But why do you care what I think?”
He hesitates, and I think I hear a sad sigh. “Why do you think?”
“I think you should leave.” I’m too confused to think straight and if you don’t, I am so close to doing something stupid. 
He exhales. He’s close enough to me that I could reach out and touch him. He smells like charcoal and wine. 
“What will it take to keep you from asking me to leave?”
Sometimes, I don’t think things through. Sometimes, I should do the exact opposite of what I want to do. But not tonight. Not right now.
I find him and tug him into me. His breathing is ragged as I grab his hair in my fist and pull his head down to my level. 
“Take off your clothes,” I say into his ear.
NINE

I THREAD MY FINGERS THROUGH HIS hair much the same way he did to me earlier. It is thick, curly, and falls to his shoulders. 
I don’t think for one second that he will actually disrobe, and I’m not prepared to make him. I want to teach him a lesson. I want to feel in control. But I hear a catch in his voice. His breathing is unsteady and his body shakes underneath my fingers.
“Alright,” he says quietly. But instead of doing the deed himself, his fingers catch hold of mine and he uses my fingers to unbutton his shirt.
“I didn’t mean it,” I say. Now my own breathing is uneasy.
“Yes, you did.”
“I didn’t think you would agree to it,” I hiss. Dear Goddess, I’m about to take off Roland Rexus’ clothes. 
Button one. This is every girl’s dream. 
Button two. And it is me. Rahda Plesti, a peasant girl—a class zero—from the northwest quadrant. 
Button three. But the Roland Rexus I met isn’t the same handsome man today.
Button four slips easily through its eyelet. I deftly conquer button five. 
“You can’t back out now,” he growls seductively as I undo button six. He must have felt that I hesitated, and I did briefly because I ran out of buttons. His shoulders roll back and the shirt is gone, and it makes a small pillowy poof sound as it hits the carpet. Still holding my hands, he guides my fingers to his pants and the button there. But this time, I halt him.
“Not yet,” I plead. I’m conflicted and I know he can hear it in my voice. 
Part of me desperately wants to explore him, get my fill of him; the quieter part of my brain advises me not to. You are allowing lust to cloud your judgment. 
“I’m powerless,” he declares into my neck.
“That’s not true,” I say. “You are the most powerful man on the continent.”
“You know what I mean.”
And I did. “Is this what normally happens with your new hires?”
“No, never,” he says urgently, and I can’t tell if he’s telling the truth or not. That whole clouding my judgment thing is very true at the moment. I pull away from him, but not enough to disengage our hands and fingers. So far, he hasn’t tried to remove my bathrobe.
“Let me feel you, instead,” I say. I’ll be calm. I’ll be clinical. I won’t get affected. I won’t!
“Okay.”
I walk around him and place both of my hands on his lower back. It’s smooth as I trail a fingertip between the back of his trousers and his skin. I feel him shudder. My other hand splays against the right side—my thumb and fingers gently caressing, feeling, exploring the tiny, thin, raised scars that run all along his right flank. Whatever happened to him happened to scar a good deal of his flesh. 
My left hand moves up, kneading unblemished skin, as the right moves higher. My fingertips register bigger, thicker scars that quickly join into one raised deformity. 
My first thought is fire. 
My second thought is: who the hell did this to him? Sadly, fire is a great equalizer and does not distinguish between royalty or the poor.
A hiss escapes Roland’s lips as I rub that area.
“Does it hurt?”
“It feels… wonderful,” he says. “No one’s ever… Goddess.”
He jumps and moans as I kiss his back, the scars, and my tongue licks along the smaller scar lines. The pebbly marks are both rough and smooth against my tongue. It isn’t long before his hands are behind him, trying to touch me, but all he can find is the thick bathrobe. I am able to dodge his efforts by pulling away for a few seconds. I feel his heat, and I’m drowning in my own arousal. So much for not being affected.
I glide a fingertip down his spine and slowly walk around him while keeping the connection. I can tell he wants to take over, take control, and it’s probably taking everything within his own self-control to keep from doing so. I smile at him. I explore his waist—smooth with baby fine hair—and inch up, fingers splayed, and discover most of his chest is scarred, raised, but smooth.
I rub into him. I kiss and lick the smoothness, follow small ridges, bumps, and lines until I reach the left side of his neck. Roland’s breathing is extremely shallow and I can feel his rapid pulse under my tongue. My fingers trace his face, mapping it. At first, I thought he would pull back and leave me completely, but he doesn’t. Maybe because the lights were out or maybe because my touching him like this felt like uncharted territory. It is certainly a first for me.
The right side of his face is scarred, including his lips. It isn’t as smooth here. It is ridged—much like his posture at the moment—and puckered in certain areas, like the back of his jaw, into the neck and ear. It almost feels like the scars on his back and chest are older than the one on the right side of his face. How could he be burned twice? Who would do such a thing?
I kiss his jaw and lick up to his lips, kissing him fully on the mouth, to which he completely embraces me, groans, and kisses me eagerly back. Hard, slanted, passionately. Suddenly, the bathrobe is open, but he isn’t touching me. For some reason, he’s talking.
“You have no idea how long I’ve—” he starts and stops abruptly.
What is he talking about? 
“Wait, what?” I ask, breaking the kiss. My neck tingles. This wasn’t a good idea. “What were you going to say?” He’s messing with my head, trying to get under my skin, confuse me. It’s working.
But he never answers me. Something beeps in his pants pocket. Roland turns away, flips on his communicator tablet, and reaches for his shirt at the same time. I retie the bathrobe. Some of the light from the tablet glows against his face. It plasters ghastly shadows against his skin, and I realize it’s worse that I ever imagined it could be. Nothing can cure him of those scars. The redness. The puckering. All those scars on one side whereas the other side is completely smooth and handsome. 
He must feel like a monster every time he looks at his reflection. No wonder he keeps the place in darkness. But I cannot let myself pity him. I can deal with lust. I can deal with sex. I will enjoy licking every inch of those scars on his body. 
I cannot deal with pity or its kinder sister: affection.
Without warning, he looks away from the tablet and at me. He knows I’ve seen him. He’s no longer hidden from me. I see the lust on his face as well as disappointment. He wonders if I’m still attracted to him. Just as a moth is attracted to a flame, I cannot alter that attraction, and it will get me into trouble. 
But I see something else in his expression: a haunting, like something literally eats at him, something he cannot purge.
Then the look is gone.
“We have a delivery. Get dressed,” Roland orders as he buttons up his shirt. Whatever he was feeling seconds ago is now gone. “I’ll meet you in the hallway in two minutes.”
My mind whirls. We have a what? “What were you going to say a moment ago? What’s going on?”
Roland pauses by the door. “It’s time for you to show me what you’re capable of, Rahda.”
TEN

THE DOOR LATCHES, AND ROLAND IS gone in a flash. It’s time for you to show me what you’re capable of, Rahda.
My eyes flinch as I flick on the lights. I’ve been in the darkness too long already. I open the wardrobe, but instead of selecting one of the lovely fabrics, I pull out a black utility shirt and black trousers, put them on, and then lace up my black combat boots. 
I am amazed at how everything seems to be tailored just for me. The clothing fits perfectly. Not too snug or too loose. I could easily run up and down a few flights of stairs wearing this outfit. 
Just before I leave the apartment, I pull my damp hair up into a tight bun and meet Roland in the hallway.
“I don’t have a key for the apartment,” I say as I fiddle with the door.
“You won’t need one. The doorknob is programmed to recognize your unique body signature once you enter the hallway. You and only you can open your apartment door.”
“A form of protection? But from whom?”
“From me,” he says without the slightest hint of humor. “Now follow me. We need to reach the lab quickly.”
Before I can question his chivalry or ponder the fact that I might actually like finding him waiting for me in my room one night or why I need protection from him in the first place, Roland pockets his communicator tablet and jogs to the end of the hallway. It’s a long hallway.
“What the hell!” I squeak mostly to myself and run to catch up. He pauses at a curtained window, and I see the wet streets below. Deserted. Dingy yellow lamps burn against the fog unsuccessfully. 
Roland opens a wooden panel and waits for me. I duck inside and together, we traverse an intensely spiral staircase that was probably never meant to be seen by outsiders. 
“We have to get there quickly, and this is the only way,” he explains after the first few steps. There are no lights to guide me, and I am again reminded that everyone here seems to be able to see in the dark.
“How in the world can you see?”
“Just follow the steps and my voice,” he answers. “It’s a regular staircase and not exactly difficult to operate.” A small amount of sarcasm enters his voice. He’s teasing me, and I smile in the darkness.
“I hope that you’ll be extremely sad, then, when I fall down twenty flights of stairs.”
Two levels down. A hundred more to go. I thank Goddess for the trousers and the boots. I would have tripped all over the fabriskin robes.
“Is that still the rumor? Twenty stories? Only nine floors are visible.”
Underground levels, then. Instantly, I imagine medieval dungeons and torture chambers. Actually, now that I think about it, those two things are making a comeback.
“How many basement levels?”
He chuckles. “I don’t know, to be honest. You are welcome to investigate on your own time, if you wish.”
“How can you not know how many floors your home has? Haven’t you lived here your whole life?”
“My ancestors built it over other structures. Churches and other such things, and they kept building in and around the Palace, absorbing other buildings in the process.”
“So they just built around whatever was in the way?” That would explain the bridge and the crack in the floor.
“I guess you could say that.”
A couple of feet below, I can see a sliver of light coming through the bottom of a door, but as we approach it, the light goes out. How odd. Roland opens that very door.
“Why did the light go out as we approached it?”
“Just as your apartment door recognizes you and unlocks itself, my home recognizes me and behaves accordingly, to include lowering the lights.” He leads me into a smaller hallway. Tiny, embedded recessed lights mark the glass floor, sort of like lights under the surface of a swimming pool, and there is just enough illumination for me not to veer off the ledge. The hallway is like a catwalk, its flooring raised several feet above the older-looking brick walkway below. At some point in history, this part of the building was outside and a side street or a sidewalk.
Glass planks unite the walkway with connecting doors. Roland stops at an unmarked door, I hear it unlock, and he allows me to enter first.
I notice two things immediately. 
First, the lights do not go out completely. It isn’t by any means bright, but it’s better than everywhere else in the building. I turn around to see how Roland reacts to the dim light. He’s looking down. I try not to notice the scars, but I’m not yet conditioned to see past them. So I turn back into the room.
Second, and maybe more importantly: we are not alone.
“‘Bout time ye got here, Rolan’. Is dis her, tha new hire?” a short, stout man standing in the middle of the room asks.
ELEVEN

“CALM YOUR HORSES, MR. UNDERWOOD. I only received your page two minutes ago. Rahda, this is Alben Underwood. He is an old friend as well as my weapons expert, among… other things,” Roland says, though the last part is so vague it could mean anything from he’s my cook to he’s my personal secretary to we’re lovers. “Alben, this is Rahda Plesti, my newest research assistant.” No among other things. Mr. Underwood holds something in his hands. “What have you brought me?” Roland asks.
I wasn’t aware that Roland had a weapons expert. The man is short, round, with long white hair, tiny, wire-rimmed glasses that rest on the tip of his nose, and he looks more like a bookkeeper than a man who should be holding a slimy-looking dead sea animal. I am sure that in time, I will understand why a weapons expert would be excited about a dead specimen, though excited might be too strong a word. 
Alben’s accent spoke volumes. He must be from the far-far north—perhaps a north sea citizen, known for their fierce loyalty and a fierce fighting style—and definitely a commoner.
Roland supposedly hates commoners. And… maybe everything my mentor told me about Roland isn’t true.
Alben stands next to a stainless steel table filled with various instruments. Microscopes. Dissecting utensils. Chemistry tubes. Against the walls stand glass-covered shelves containing books, antique weapons, and metal parts for, presumably, weapons making. I’m honestly not sure, and I do not ask.
“Spent time in tha black water near Hades Rocks to find dis here creature. It will have wot ye need for tha new hire.” Alben holds out the creature. Neither Roland nor I move to take it from him.
“What exactly is that thing?” I ask. And it came from Hades Rocks? Nothing good ever came from Hades Rocks. I look around for some sort of weapon.
Alben huffs unceremoniously. “Weren’t’ye listenin’? Jus told ye. Wot type of research assis’ant are ye?”
“I think what Mr. Underwood means to say is that the black ink and the cuttlebone inside of the cuttlefish, the creature in his hands, will aide you in your research.” Roland’s face is turned away from me as he says this. “At least, I think it might help you. The others…” he trails off.
“The others didn’t think so?” I ask, referring to the previous research assistants, and he nods. 
I begin to think of the possible reasons for using a cuttlefish. I can use the cuttlebone for casts, models, and even a rudimentary white paint, none of which even comes close to what I need. The black ink, well, it would depend on what that black ink can do when combined with other ingredients. Ingredients that Dorni might have in her Widow’s Lane shoppe.
I smile, and Roland looks at me curiously.
Cuttlefish are the perfect chameleons, blending into their surroundings with almost near accuracy to avoid predators. Excellent bio-natural technology that I would love to extract and use in the human world. 
Can I manipulate it? Would it work? 
I already have a working theory, but I need to see the lab promised to me, and I need to know and see what the other research assistants had worked on before me. I pick up a silver lab tray and allow Alben to deposit the cuttlefish onto it. 
“Thank you, Mr. Underwood.” The creature squirms against the pan and immediately turns the exact shade of silver as the lab tray. “I didn’t realize it was still alive.”
“Cuttlebone can waid’a day, but ye’ll need ta move fast ta remove da black ink,” Alben explains. This is why Roland brought me down through the spiral staircase at breakneck speed. The cuttlefish isn’t long for this world.
“How much time?”
Alben huffs again as he brushes past me, rubbing his slimy palms against his trousers. I get a whiff of black sea water and gunpowder. “How wud I know? Yer da research assis’an’ fer chrissakes.” Then he turns to Roland. “Ya migh’ need ta start lookin’ fer nummer eight. Dis one here don’t seem all dat bright.” He does a little wave and then leaves without saying another word. The door hisses closed.
“I think he’s sweet on me,” I say.
Roland watches me closely before he smiles. It’s a total transformation. He doesn’t look so sad or angry, but I notice that he keeps his good side pointed in my direction. Even after the intimacy we shared upstairs, he appears reluctant to allow me to see him fully, completely, and I’ll require full access. And I’ll need to know why the others failed.
“Do you mean Mr. Underwood or the cuttlefish there?”
“Definitely Mr. Underwood.” I wink at Roland as I lift the tray slightly. It isn’t heavy or cumbersome, but I do need a place to withdraw the black ink. “Will you show me to my lab?”
“Allow me to take you there now, Rahda. It isn’t far.”
I love and hate it when he says my name like that. Like it’s the dearest name to him. And it probably is, professionally speaking, if I can allow him to re-enter society again. If I can make him feel whole again. If I can make the scars disappear.
TWELVE

ROLAND TAKES ME BACK OUT INTO the hallway, and I find that I have to adjust again to the darkness. I stifle a large yawn, and part of me wishes I was fast asleep upstairs in that glorious bed, but the sudden excitement of starting the project early, even if by a few hours, rejuvenates me.
He opens another door, and I step into a brighter room with gleaming instruments, white spaces, a radiation chamber, and, in a corner, a table with six piles of books and boxes labeled Research Assistant One through Six.
My lab. I don’t care that six came before me. They failed. I will not.
I place the silver tray on a white table. I find a needle and a medium-sized vial and quickly remove the black ink from the cuttlefish. It squirms against my gloved hands, and the creature expires soon afterward. Hopefully, the ink is still potent outside of its host. If not, Alben Underwood dived into the murky black waters for nothing. 
“Tell me about your training,” Roland says unexpectedly. “Why did you decide to become a bio-technical engineer?”
Part of his question hurts because it shows just how oblivious he is to the outside world and the realities that face the continent’s poorer families. It also shows that he doesn’t remember me.
“I didn’t decide,” I answer truthfully. “When I was thirteen years old, the king’s army arrived on my family’s doorstep and forced me to join the infantry. If we resisted, we would have been killed immediately. I remember hearing, later on, that entire families were murdered. I suppose it was an effective tactic. The fact that I’m standing here right now tells you that I did not resist.” 
Unlike Pareu. I push the thought of my brother away.
Roland’s face softens. I wonder if he expected me to lie.
“I’m truly sorry. That was my father’s doing. He was a barbarian, and if he wasn’t already dead, I’d kill him again. What happened next?” He asks this quietly, respectfully.
“I kept my head down and hoped that no one noticed me. But that changed after a few months, but not for the reason you might think. I wasn’t winning any beauty contests. I had a knack for taking things apart and putting them back together differently. A broken radio became a tent heater. A truck engine, combined with a couple of tubes, became a filter to purify the black water. That was a big hit with everyone. I enjoyed doing things that made our lives better, easier, or more comfortable. It might sound strange, but it’s almost like I can control things, and when I create something new, it feels… right.” I don’t know why I’m telling him this. I pause and gauge his reaction. When he doesn’t laugh, I continue on. “It’s silly, I know.”
Roland roams the room, listening, straightening some of the books so the spines align. Busy work. I wonder what he’s waiting for.
“No, not silly. Everything has a soul, even objects. Maybe their souls liked your soul.”
I laugh a little before I realize he’s being serious.
“I’m not a witch, if that’s what you’re asking. I know the souls of humans and half-humans can be claimed, but not objects… not things. Honestly, I don’t know much about it. But my mother…” I stop, thinking.
“Your mother?” His eyebrows raise, and I can tell he’s extremely interested in whatever I say next.
I shake my head. An old memory comes to mind. I furrow my eyebrows, concentrating.
“I was just going to say that I think my mother once told me something about claiming souls, but I can’t remember. It was probably to scare me into not doing something naughty.”
Roland nods.
“Probably,” he agrees quietly and for a moment, silence greets us. “How did you get out the infantry?”
I smile to myself, remembering the first time I met Prince Roland Rexus. 
“There was a young officer who seemed to favor me, though he probably treated everyone the same way. He brought me treats, food, warm socks. Stuff like that, and he told me a story about the most wonderful city in the world, where every citizen was treated equally. He filled my head with images of rooms of fresh food, clean clothes, friendly faces, and how, one day, a Queen would rule the continent fairly. Obviously, it was utterly ridiculous. No such city could ever exist, but it allowed me to dream of something other than trying to survive for just another day. I’ll never forget his kindness to me,” I say as I stare at him. “His was the only kindness I knew while in the infantry.” He was also my first love. What thirteen-year-old girl wouldn’t be in love with Roland Rexus?
“What was this officer’s name?”
“I—I don’t know,” I say quickly, looking down, and placing the black ink vial into the subzero nitrogen tank. “But it’s what he did afterward that changed my life. He introduced me to an old scholarly man who paid for my freedom. This scholar, my mentor, took me under his wing, moved me to the Old City, and educated me. This is how I became a bio-technical engineer.” 
I leave out the parts about the mentor training me to destroy the Rexus Dynasty. 
“So, this officer changed your life, but you can’t be bothered to remember his name?” Roland says coldly. He pushes himself off the table he was leaning against and strides toward me. His body is strong, virile, taut, and I imagine myself molded against his skin. I can still feel where his lips pressed against mine, the way his skin tasted against my tongue, the way I know he’ll feel perfect inside me. Traitor. Traitor. Traitor.
I shake my head, hoping to rid it of these thoughts. 
Roland stands before me now. His face is unreadable when he asks in a low voice, “Is this the same old scholar that instructed you to kill me?”
I suck in air. 
“Why would I want to do that? I don’t even know you.” I block the lies to make them feel real. Seem truthful. I study his reddening face. 
“Of course you don’t know me… no one knows the dark prince,” he says coldly.
His green eyes cut through me when I ask, “What happened to you?” Why am I asking? I lift a hand to touch him, but he jerks away from me as if I burned him, as if I’m the reason for his deformity. I’m not supposed to care, but dear Goddess, his rejection hurts. 
“Your first test is in—” He checks his communicator tablet. “Twelve hours. Have a working prototype or else.”
Roland stalks from the room, and a trail of silent hurt and pain lingers. I find myself staring at the dead cuttlefish to avoid the multitude of feelings broiling inside me. 
I reach over and pick up a scalpel.
THIRTEEN

SEVERAL HOURS PASS BEFORE A NOISE cuts into my attention. In the corner of the room, a small door slides sideways, into the wall rather than away from it, and a small service robot glides in effortlessly. It’s a tiny thing. A plain yet shiny round body, wheels for legs, and, in its skinny outstretched arms, it holds a tray loaded with toast topped real butter, a meaty royaltrail gravy, and coffee so aromatic that I should have smelled it coming long before it arrived.
The service robot gently slides the elegant silver-etched food tray onto the white table.
“Thank you, little one,” I say to the robot as I study it, wondering if it has a name or a name tag. It doesn’t. It performs a small salute-type gesture and disappears.
As I eat, I pick up the tube I’ve been working on and drop some of the liquid on an inspection slide. At first, the liquid is black and then, as I observe it under the microscope, the color begins to fade until it’s almost clear—like the clear glass inspection slide.
Even hours later, the black ink continues to transform itself—colorwise—into whatever I’ve placed it on. I skim over the other researchers’ books and take notes. There isn’t much there, honestly, and none of them used cuttlefish, but I study the ingredients they applied to their prototypes. Mostly they tried to create masks and second-skin silicone, but the latter only worked on children and not adults.
I don’t want to mask. I want to transform.
In a mortar, I crush white magnetic rock and blessed lava stone. Then, adding it all, including the black ink, into a glass tube, I cut my finger and add my own blood. 
It boils instantly.
Interesting, I think. It only began to boil when I added my blood.
I cap it and watch it intently while the small robot reappears to take the food tray away.
But when its shiny silver fingers reach in front of the prototype, something happens.
The robot’s hand appears to change from silver to gray to pink and finally into a fleshy peach color. I see fingernails form and, as I look closely, tiny, colorless hair sprouts on the back of the hand. Dear Goddess, the robot’s hand is transforming into a human hand.
I gasp. And it’s not just any human hand, it’s my hand.
Glancing away, I see that nothing else on the robot has changed. Only its hand had moved in front of the prototype, and only the hand transformed. 
I feel like dancing.
The prototype works! 
But a small pop erupts, like a child popping balloons, and the flesh is gone and the servicebot’s hand is back to its normal self: metal, tiny, and clicky. 
Then, as if on cue, the servicebot turns and exits the room the same way it came in. 
I pick up the small prototype tube and slowly rotate it between my fingers, marveling at its black-cloudy contents. I’m on the right path. A few tweaks, and it might be ready. With the robot, the change lasted about ten seconds. Certainly not long enough. I need it to last hours, maybe days. 
I wonder what Roland would think about my progress 
Stop thinking about what Roland thinks. You’re here to do a job. Two jobs.
I gently replace the prototype back into a hollow sleeve I built earlier, and the cloudy contents reenergize, much like a battery recharging, and the black mist swirls round and round like a miniature tornado. Faster and faster, and then it suddenly stops rotating, the black-cloudy contents reset until it resembles the black water from which its ebony color came. Silently, I thank my lucky stars that Alben Underwood found the cuttlefish. He isn’t going to like it when I ask him to find more of them.
***
As I write down the items I’ll need to improve the prototype’s duration of effect, I hear a voice behind me.
“You look as if you have a world of thoughts brewing, Rahda,” Cat’s voice purrs from the door. 
Her silky silver-gray hair is pulled up high into a loosely braided ponytail, the undersides of her scalp are shaved—probably plucked—and dark tattoos dot the base of her neck. Whose markings are they? I wonder. Who claimed her? She seems taller. I didn’t think it possible, but her robe is sheerer, and I see dark tattoos around her breasts, threading haphazardly like tree roots. Colored jewels dot her feet.
She doesn’t seem to be in a hurry.
Even as I admire her figure, I resent her ability to sneak up on me.
“Please disable everyone’s access, including the robots, to my lab. No one will have access without my approval. I will call for food when I require it.”
She tilts her head slightly and a small smile plays at her lips, giving her that perfect feline appearance that seems so lovely and exotic while also giving me a sense of unease. I do not know if she is a friend or foe, and I’d rather not find out the hard way.
“I see,” she says slowly. “What about Roland?”
“What about him?”
“My thoughts exactly, Rahda,” she says noncommittally with an unreadable expression as she pulls out her communicator tablet, presses a few buttons, and then says, “Place both of yours hand flat against the door.” She points to the door to the hallway. I walk around her, see the screen—which is in some sort of programming code—and do as she asks. The door is cool to my touch, but after she types a few commands into her tablet, the surface warms up considerably and just when it gets to the point where I think it will burn me, she instructs loudly, “Pull away.”
My palms are red, and the door, which I do not expect to do anything, sears my visible palm prints into its DNA and I watch, wondrously, as the door seems to absorb them slowly.
“The door knows you and only you now, Rahda. Naturally, you’ll have to open it for me now so that I may depart your company. Though welcoming as you are, I must be about Roland’s business.” 
Cat sounds as if she’s offended, but as she walks unhurriedly to the door, a quirky smile plays at her lips. Cat turns her attention to the six sets of books on the opposite side of the room and studies them for a half second. I get the feeling that she wants to tell me something. Something about the other six. 
“Before you go, there’s one more thing, Cat,” I say coolly. She turns her gaze on me expectantly. “I need to leave the Palace Skyscraper for a few hours.”
I can tell she did not expect this and internally, I smile.
FOURTEEN

CAT’S SMILE SLOWLY FADES. “ONCE HERE, you cannot leave without Roland’s permission,” she says finally.
“Sounds like your problem, not mine. Clear it with Roland if you must, but I’m leaving.” 
Turning away, I secure the prototype inside a lockable cabinet. I place the key on a chain, wrap it around my neck, and then tuck it underneath my black button-down shirt. The key is heavy and cold against my skin.
“It’s not that easy,” she says to my backside. 
I turn around and say, “Alben Underwood seems to be able to come and go as he wishes.”
Cat groans. Surely she knows I met Mr. Underwood last night. Or maybe she doesn’t. 
“You are not Mr. Underwood, Rahda, and as such, you are not afforded the same privileges.” She types something into her communicator tablet. 
“Privileges? I am not owned by Roland. In fact, the man has no claims upon me whatsoever except for my work, and for that, I need to leave for a few hours.”
“Do you even know how to leave the Palace Skyscraper?” Cat’s expression says it all: I got you there, didn’t I?
Hm. Yes, this is a problem. I do not even know how to find my room again, much less the front door, but something she said last night comes to mind. 
“You mentioned that the tropical gardens are opened to the public, yes? Well, I’ll find the way out through a public visitor entrance.”
Cat’s eyes narrow and her pink mouth bunches up slightly. I expect her to hiss at me like an angry cat. Her tablet beeps just as someone pounds on the door to my lab. 
“Roland is here,” Cat announces unnecessarily.
“Good. You can relay my request to him. Also, I need money.” I cross my arms across my chest. Neither of us move.
The knocking continues, and the booms echo throughout my lab.
“Only you can open the door, Rahda.”
“He can wait a moment. How much money do you have on you?” Given that she’s wearing a sheer fabriskin and I do not see any sort of currency pouch on her, I doubt she can give me what I need.
“Only peasants discuss money. It is vulgar and insulting. If permission is given, I will issue a Palace voucher.”
I roll my eyes.
“Open the goddamn door, Rahda,” Roland yells from the other side.
“A Palace voucher is worthless where I’m going,” I say in response to Cat’s statement.
“I hope you know what you’re doing,” Cat says quietly. “All of this is highly irregular.” She looks again at the six stacks of the former research assistants’ work. I am nothing like them, her gaze seems to say. Her tablet beeps again, and its glow brightens her lovely face. “He isn’t happy.” Cat, however, doesn’t seem unhappy. She’s curious. She’s wondering. And she knows that I am not to be trusted.
I feel the same about her.
Moving around her, I reach for the door, and it glides open before I touch it. It knows my intent, I think, just as Roland’s hulking shadow lingers there in the dimly lit hallway. The light from my lab reaches his chest as he barks an order to his chief of staff.
“Cat, out!”
As Cat leaves, her long fingers brush up against mine and she presses something cold into my hand, and as gentle as a whisper, she disappears through the doorway. The moment she’s through the threshold, the lights go out, the room pitches in darkness, and Roland steps in.
***
He is inches away as the door hisses shut. 
His breathing is ragged, and I can almost feel the anger radiating from him. Did he run here? 
I rub the object Cat shoved into my hand: a coin, a silver ten bedallion coin. Enough currency to buy a dozen of what I need from Dorni’s shoppe. I drop it into my trouser pocket as Roland finds his voice.
“You cannot leave the Palace—”
“You have no right to detain me. I am not your prisoner,” I say, poking a finger into his chest. “Do you or do you not want a working prototype by five o’clock this afternoon?”
He doesn’t answer immediately, but then he says, “You should have asked me, not my chief of staff.” His voice is lower, warmer. 
Roland moves closer, and everything inside of me wants to jump on him and devour him. Even his anger is sexy. I breathe him in.
“I will go about my business in the method I feel is best, Roland. Your chief of staff was here. You were not. End of story. But if that is your only objection, only show me the way out.” 
“It’s no longer safe in the city, Rahda,” he says in low timbered notes. “Dear Goddess,” he mutters out loud, mostly to himself, before he utters desperately, “You’re not safe around me.” 
Then, like a possessed man, Roland’s hands are on me and it literally feels like his fingers are burning a hole right through me. 
His lips crash into mine and I, equally as possessed, kiss him hungrily. I bite his lips. I suck on his tongue. All I know, feel, see, hear is Roland Rexus. His heat matches my own and I swear that in any minute, I’ll erupt, burn up, and take him with me in a cloud of smoke. 
He pushes me against an empty table, scoops me up, and deposits my bottom there. His delicious erection presses firmly against the inside of my leg. Wrapping my legs around him, I pull him into me. 
My hands get lost in this hair and before I know it, I’ve pulled his longish locks out of the ribbon at the base of his neck. I grab a fistful of hair, tilt his head back, and lick his neck, savoring the different sensations of stubble, raised scars, and smooth skin against my lips, tongue, and teeth. I want to explore every inch of him, and I tell him as much.
“Oh, Goddess,” he moans, and his whole body shivers. His shaking fingers unbutton my shirt, and, at the last button, he flings it open and a small rush of cold air kisses my skin.
My stomach does a little flip when touches my bare skin. This feels right, and then it feels so wrong.
“Why are you doing this to me?” I ask. “I feel like need you like I need oxygen but…” I hesitate. “You must know that it won’t work out. It feels explosive. Needy. Sinful. Like you will burn me up.” It feels like I’m cursing my own heart. You’ve wanted this for so long, Rahda. Why are you backing out?
“It’s precisely why we should not stop,” he says urgently in between hungry kisses. “I just want to live for this moment. But after tonight, things will be different…” His words trail away.
“Things are already different.” Dear Goddess, I cannot think straight around him. I’m totally compromising the mission.
“You really don’t know, do you?” His voice is less rushed. In that moment, I get the feeling that he knows everything about me.
“Know what?” I feel his fingers as he buttons my shirt. I try to fling his hands away, but he’s holding on tight. 
He hesitates before he says, “That I am yours, Rahda. You only have to ask, and it is yours.” I’m not certain, but it feels like he wanted to say something else, like we were talking about two different things.
“Then show me how to leave the Palace.” Silence. “I’m leaving with or without your help, Roland.” I step away and walk to the door. It hisses open. Dim light spills in.
“Wait,” he calls. Regret fills his voice. Regret and resignation. I’ve missed something, but I don’t know what. It takes a full minute before he curses under his breath and says, “I’ll take you wherever you need to go.”
Just as I had hoped. I look down to hide my smile.
FIFTEEN

“WE’LL TAKE THE LIFTS,” ROLAND SAYS, leading me in a new direction. I inspect him. He wears an ivory-white collared shirt, pressed and starched, and coffee-colored trousers embellished with faded sepia-toned belt, and dark brown boots. The same brown hair that I ran my fingers through is now tidied up and secured in a brown ribbon. I stare at his ass and imagine all sorts of things, most of which involve the both of us being naked, intertwined, and sweaty. Shaking my head, I dislodge the thought and try to think straight. 
Roland, on the other hand, looks so calm, reserved, and in control. So very much unlike a few minutes ago. 
Our intimate moments are quick affairs; heated, intense, like a quick-burning fire that extinguishes long before it needs to. Like one or both of us think too much about what we are doing and then purposefully halt it. 
He leads me through several more basement hallways and corridors that are more like mazes. After a few minutes, I hear the telltale hum of the elevator lifts. 
Roland checks his wristwatch and then steps into the next lift. 
“Take the lift to the ninth floor. When you get there, turn left and go up a set of stairs. I’ll leave the door open.”
“I thought we were leaving the building.”
He’s almost one floor up before he responds. 
“I can’t exactly go out like this, now can I? I must get changed. Don’t forget: ninth floor, then take the stairs to your immediate left.”
How hard can it be? Lift. Stairs. Got it. 
“Why can’t I wait for you at the main door?”
Roland’s reply doesn’t reach me, but his laughter does. I step into the next lift carefully. At least this time, I’m not wearing a fabriskin robe and I do not trip on anything and I rise uneventfully. But on the next floor, something catches my eye. A small gold and red tube, butted against a crumbling brick wall, and instantly I jump from the lift, land on both feet. I look around to see if anyone notices me, but there’s no one around to be noticed by. Not even service robots.
I pick up the lipstick and shove it in a pocket. It must have landed here last night without the servicebot finding it. I didn’t even know it was missing, which tells me more than I’m willing to admit to. 
My attraction to Roland is blinding me to the real reason I’m here. I could easily put on the coral lipstick, kiss Roland, and allow my lips to poison him. 
Quick, easy, ruthless.
I could even do it now, before we leave the Palace Skyscraper, but I won’t. I need to communicate with my mentor. I must ensure nothing has changed. 
And maybe you’re lying to yourself. Admit it, you were happy when you found out the communicator tablet broke.
I didn’t think I’d have a problem separating my feelings from the Roland I fell in love with as a girl from the Roland I’ve been ordered to assassinate. 
I step into the next lift and exit at the ninth floor.
The area is small, and five stairwells branch out at evenly spaced intervals, much like the spokes of a bicycle tire, with the lifts being the center. I walk through a rich mahogany door and enter Roland’s apartment.
Ebony wooden floors and furniture butt up against creamy white walls. On one small table, I spot a folder with my name on it, but I leave it alone. I won’t find anything I don’t already know about myself. Most of it I invented, even the true parts.
On the far side of the apartment is a large window covered by thick, embroidered draperies. Only ribbon-like streaks of gray light pour through, but it’s enough to orient myself to the room and to nearly fall head over heels for the space. My own apartment is lush, but it is nothing compared to Roland’s home. It’s larger, but he uses the space perfectly without filling it up with needless items. The simplicity of the room speaks volumes. The man doesn’t like clutter.
“I see you found it,” he says to me from somewhere to the left. I step forward to investigate where his voice came from, but I do not answer him immediately. I pass a mirror-less bathroom, a busy-looking office-like room with dozens of maps hanging on the walls, his living room with the covered windows and a working fireplace, and finally into a darkened and darkly furnished bedroom.
I linger in the doorway. I hear him moving about, but I cannot see him. Whether this is how he wants it to be at this moment or how his apartments normally are, I imagine that he generally moves about in the darkness, or, at the very least, very dim rooms. 
I hear movement, and I sense him before I can see him. Roland is covered head to toe in a dark brown, masculine-shaped fabriskin robe. Plain. Unadorned. Ordinary. No one will question him, especially with the hood over most of his face. Most of the city’s citizens are similarly garbed, regardless of the weather or the season.
“You’ll need this.” He gives me a similar, smaller robe. It is also plain, deep brown, but slightly embellished with inexpensive-looking turquoise gems and stones at the hem and cuffs. I layer the fabriskin over my trousers and button-down shirt, and it fits perfectly. I pull the hood over my head to match him.
“I swear, is this Palace full of clothes and robes that will fit me, should I spontaneously decide to try them all on?”
“You are the same size as my late sister, Lisbeth.”
“Oh,” I say. His answer is unexpected, and my attempt at a stupid joke turns into a jab aimed right into Roland’s heart. “My condolences. I apologize if I sounded like a—” I swallow hard.
“Jerk?”
“Precisely.”
“All is forgiven. Let us speak no more of it, then. What is this place you must patronize?”
“It doesn’t have a name. If one doesn’t know about it, one doesn’t need to know about it. What’s a name got to do with anything?”
“A most interesting concept. And you know the way?”
“If you show me how to get out of the Palace Skyscraper, I’ll lead the way once we are outside.”
Hopefully Dorni is back, I think.
We walk out of his apartments, the door locks for him, and Roland takes me out through the back servant entrance.
SIXTEEN

WE HIT THE COBBLED STREETS OUTSIDE. With the city empty, a few vendors stand around listlessly. We are immediately beseeched with offers of food, sun vitamins, new and used hydration patches, and, of course, sexual favors.
Declining and stepping around two competing vendors, we’re barely around a corner when I can hear the two men fighting over territory.
It’s about noontime, the sky is dim—not too dark—and thin rays of yellow-gray sunlight trickle down. Remembering my apprehension last night as I walked through a deserted city, we now pass under the same arch, out of the inner city, and I ask Roland why Skyscraper City is empty.
“Black water plague,” he answers with unease. He doesn’t sound confident in his answer, and my suspicions are raised. “I evacuated the city weeks ago. But some are coming back.”
“Did the royals leave?” I ask, looking over to a lower part of the mountain just outside of the city limits. A dozen mansions peek through dark treetops.
Roland follows my gaze.
“No,” he says and leaves it at that. 
“Are you nervous for some reason?”
“That the prototype won’t work?” he asks, deliberately, in my mind, misunderstanding the question. He knows full well what I meant.
I grin at him, but he’s no longer looking at me. Roland’s head is bent low, and he gives a perfect impression of a downtrodden individual, oppressed, depressed, and easily frightened. I doubt we’ll attract any notice—the city is empty, after all—but at least he’s acting the part. He isn’t a young buck, prancing and dancing in their sheer fabriskin robes, singing songs of hopeless, tragic love.
As if on cue, just as we round another corner and pass a large, dilapidated warehouse, a fairly young man, maybe twenty, begins to serenade us. I grin when Roland realizes the singing man is singing to him.
“Dearest Goddess has sent me a love… she hears my song of woe… with a heart as pure as a dove… oh,” he now sings to our backsides as we move away, “he delivers me a fatal blow.”
“That wasn’t funny,” Roland growls. I can’t see his face, but I suspect he’s red with embarrassment.
“It was to me,” I say with light laughter. After a several moments of silence, we reach the entrance.
It’s a small, hidden alley. We walk through a beaded curtain made of finger bones that click and clack lazily. We pass through a crooked pathway that weaves between shanty businesses and homes and other buildings whose purpose are best left unknown and unquestioned.
“What is this place?” Roland asks.
“Like I said, it doesn’t have a name.”
The mediocre and moldy smells of the inner city fade away and in its place, a newer, spicier aroma permeates the air. It mixes with smoked herbs, intense incense, fruity cigarettes, women’s perfume, and the heavy scent of charcoal chicken kabobs. Widow’s Lane was empty last night, but today, it is bursting with life.
“Everything smells so good,” Roland exclaims. “I don’t know where my nose begins and my stomach ends.” 
I laugh softly. “Be careful what you say around here; folks will take you seriously, serve you, and then expect you to pay. And, if I’m being honest, avoid the fruity cigarettes and don’t follow the women’s perfume. It generally never leads to an actual woman. At least not one you’d pick out of a crowd. The results aren’t pretty. But, on the way out, we’ll get a chicken kabob. I know a good place.”
“Don’t worry. I’m already following the woman I want.”
“You keep talking all romantic like that and I might swoon.” 
I stop in front of a nondescript, unlabeled rusty building—though in certain spots, the original red paint pops through. I pull aside a leaning door, step inside, but then I quickly step back outside, place a hand on Roland’s chest and say, “Stay here. I won’t be but a moment.”
“I’m not staying out here alone.”
I smirk. “Scared?”
“Absolutely. What if another woman or, Goddess forbid, fruity cigarettes lure me away?” 
“I’d say my opinion of you wouldn’t be altered.”
“That’s low.”
“Come in if you want, but I must warn you, if you value your life, don’t—” 
A woman’s wrinkled face appears behind the half-opened, half-broken door.
“Rahda, is that ye? Thought I heard ye voice.”
“Don’t do what?” Roland asks with an edge to his voice.
“Dorni, my love.” I hug her. I steal a glance at Roland. He’s staring at the old woman with an odd expression. I get the sense he knows her, but that can’t be right. If anything, he wants to know why I know a woman who lives in a shanty village with no name. And what might Dorni sell to me. “Don’t touch anything,” I tell him.
***
“Come’n, come’n,” my friend urges us, “‘fore Gryan walks by. He’s been grumpy lately.” Dorni turns to Roland. “He try ta git ye ta buy his wife fer an hour. So… wot can I git ye? Who’s ye friend? I haven’t seen ye in months now. Da Grandfather is in good health. Says that if I see ye ta tell ye that he be waitin’ to hear from ye.”
The old woman pulls us inside her tiny shoppe. Bijou it is not, but I still marvel at her ability to collect things; even the most innocuous items, such as fallen-off toad warts—good for curing hiccups—never miss her smart eye. Her small shoppe is but one wall only. The shelves are filled top to bottom with vials, jars, and boxes of ingredients and artifacts not found elsewhere. Some safe. Most not so safe. The three of us barely fit, Roland can’t even stand up straight, and Goddess forbid, if we added a fourth person, the shanty walls would fall out.
What I’m looking for today won’t be in one of these vials. Dorni must make it for me.
“That’s very kind of the Grandfather. Tell him I’ll message him soon. This is my friend, Ron. I tried to keep him outside, but you know how Gryan’s wife can get, money or no money, so I felt it best to bring him inside.”
“True, Rahda. Gryan’s third wife wicked. Can’t tell wot yer feller be lookin’ like with hood, but she’d want’em fer sure. Wot can I git ye? Wot ye be needin’?”
I press the silver ten bedallion into her hand. I notice that Roland’s eyes round as I do so. 
I lower my voice. “I sort of need you to make a charm.”
Dorni nods quickly. Her eyes tell me she knew this already.
“Fer ye or him?” she bobs her head at Roland.
“Him,” I tell her.
“Wait, what’s this about a charm?” Roland asks.
“Hold out yer arm, feller,” Dorni croaks, but she needn’t have said so. Her hand darts out like a striking snake and Roland’s arm is instantly seized in a firm grip.
I watch Roland as he watches Dorni pull out a sharp blade. If he wants a working prototype, then the charm must be conjured. My old friend, with fingers as skilled as a surgeon, cuts into Roland’s forearm before he can react, and collects his blood and a flap of skin in a small pot.
“I be needin’ a few minutes,” Dorni says, sprinkling black powder over Roland’s arm, then shuffling into the corner to make the charm.
***
She hands me a blue jar, but I notice she keeps a second jar to herself.
“Ye be knowin’ wot ta do with it, but I got somethin’ else ta be givin’ ye,” she informs me urgently, her tone higher, excited. She all but pushes Roland outside. “Stand outside fer a minute, feller.”
“I won’t be but a moment,” I tell him. “You’ll be fine.” His eyes say You owe me one as he steps outside.
“Don’t be followin’ da green-tongued woman,” Dorni shouts out playfully.
Dorni immediately drops her ancient frame to all fours. She rummages under her sleeping cot, pulls up a hefty board first and then an ivory carved box, and sets it in front of her. Her precious box of priceless things. 
As far as stories goes, many, many years ago, Dorni, as a small girl, prolonged the old king’s life—Roland’s grandfather—for an extra day, long enough for him to get home to impart important information to his heir. 
As payment, he presented her with the only valuable object in his possession at the time—a carved, ivory box. Apparently, the old king died exactly twenty-four hours later. Only a few individuals know of this story or the box’s existence. I remember how, years ago, Dorni made a point of telling me this story.
Her frail hands dramatically open the box and I spot its contents: a single vial of three pearly-white stones. I go stock still.
It can’t be…
Reaching for it, she snaps: “Careful,” she warns. “Be careful, m’luv.”
“Is this what I think it is?”
Blessed stones known as The Pale Waters. It is a myth it even existed. 
“Rarest element on da continent. Da Feeble Princess’s Pale Waters. Me mind tells me ye be needin’ it soon.”
What else does your mind tell you, Dorni? When I look in her eyes, it feels like I’m looking back at myself.
“How did you come across three of them?” And how many dead bodies did you pry them from?
My friend shrugs. She can be stubborn.
“These things have a way of workin’ out, is’all.”
A burst of shouting outside the shoppe interrupts our conversation. I shove the vial into a deep pocket inside of the fabriskin robe, kiss Dorni on the cheek, and tell her to keep the rest of the money as a shoppe credit for me in the future. 
“Also, tell the Grandfather that all is on track and to get a message to me if anything has changed. Goodbye, Dorni.”
“Yes,” she mutters absently as she takes a peek outside. “Everything is on track.”
Without warning, she grabs my hands tightly and asks, “If yer feller be needin’ help, if he be dying, will ye be givin’ me permission ta assist?” Her wisdom scares me sometimes. She has that look about her right now, like she’s not looking at me, but some future scene.
Something hits her shoppe then, a rock maybe. The loud metallic ring echoes in my ears.
“Of course,” I answer her quickly.
Dorni kisses my cheek, clucks her tongue like a mother hen, and pushes me through her metal door.
And she literally pushes me into the middle of a scuffle.
A bear-sized man, equally as furry but uglier, wearing nothing but a loin skirt and laced-up black boots, holds a long metal rod the same size as a thick tree branch. He’s swinging it at Roland.
It is Gryan, a ruthless son of a bitch and one of the Grandfather’s guards. When I met him years ago, we took an instant dislike to each other, and generally I try to avoid him if I can.
But not today. Surprisingly, Gryan isn’t alone. A pretty young woman, small and petite, with long, braided blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and an attractively embellished, though semi-sheer, fabriskin robe stands on the opposite side of the scene, near Gryan, and watches the situation with interest. It’s Galeni the Pretty, Gryan’s third wife, though how he managed to convince her to marry him is still a mystery.
The moment Galeni spots me, she crosses her arms across her chest and raises an eyebrow disdainfully, her expression one of complete contempt for me. But her look for Roland is another story. It’s no wonder why Gryan suddenly looks ready to destroy my would-be lover.
Naturally, I step in.
SEVENTEEN

AN AUDIENCE FORMS. EVERYONE LOVES FREE entertainment, especially a bloody sport, and soon, dozens of disheveled inhabitants—from the elderly to the toddlers sitting on their mother’s hips to the half-humans—step outside into the alley. The smell of fruity cigarettes fill the air.
“How dare you speak to my wife without my permission, you filthy mutt,” Gryan yells.
“Kill’em!” Galeni’s pretty voice urges.
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you, Galeni?” I ask her over the crowd. She doesn’t respond to me.
“What?” Roland asks incredulously as he steals a quick glance at me. He backs up and nearly trips on loose stones. “You know her?” he asks. The hood still covers most of his scarred face. It wouldn’t matter if they all knew who he was or not. They’ll gladly destroy him, royal or not, and brag about it for a full year.
Gryan swings the metal rod again just as I step in. Roland dodges it easily, as do I, but the force of its movement ripples my robe. I can hear the air shift, the sound of a low, thundering whoosh. Galeni continues to stare at me with a sick sense of satisfaction. I crouch down and pick up a large, craggy rock, its weight solid in my hand. It will do.
“I can assure you that there has been some sort of misunderstanding,” Roland explains. His arms are outstretched in what could be considered a peace-offering motion. So far, Roland has been able to avoid Gryan’s weapon. But I don’t know for how long. The bear-sized man has never been known to fight fair, and Galeni has always been known to enjoy causing a scene.
“You can assure me?” Gryan spits on the ground. “Your assurances are worthless around here, stranger.”
I take another step toward them and, with a sinking stomach, instantly notice that the top half of the metal rod is studded with tiny spikes, rusty hooks, and other flesh-tearing barbs. I could be wrong, but I think I see dried blood all over it. I haven’t seen Gryan in a few months, but his savage behavior seems worse. More barbaric. I wonder what has caused the change around here.
“Careful, m’luv,” a soft voice says from behind me. Dorni. I didn’t even hear her come out of the shanty. In a moment of distraction, a tentacle-like barb from the spike sinks into my fabriskin robe. It barely misses my flesh as it grabs the fabric like a roaring, horned beast, drags me down to the rocky ground, and tears a large chunk of the robe off completely.
The crowd goes wild. They don’t care who gets hurt, or even killed. They want carnage. 
Roland is on me in a flash.
“What the hell are you doing, Rahda?” he yells at me, his green eyes filled with worry. He feels around my legs, searching for an injury, and yanks the fabriskin robe off me as if it were about to come alive and strangle me. Dorni, like a skittish dog, quickly snatches it up. She knows that I put The Pale Waters and the Charm in one of its pockets.
“Rahda?” Gryan roars feverishly. “I autta kill you right now, you bitch!”
“Da Grandfather won’t be likin’ dat,” Dorni announces, her voice clear.
Gryan snorts. “Last I heard, the Grandfather disowned her.”
I suck in my breath and notice Galeni smile maliciously. The woman is poison through and through.
Gryan lifts the weapon, poised to strike both of us, when, just as the metal rod is directly behind its master in mid-swing, I remember the rock. I push Roland off me, flick the heavy stone from my hand, and it crashes into Gryan’s face. It’s a beautiful image as his head snaps backward, the large metal rod tilts sideways, and his bear-sized body slumps. His young wife yelps and quickly runs in the opposite direction into one of the larger shoppes. I hear several of the children clap.
The crowd titters excitedly as the bully falls. His loin skirt flaps up, he is naked underneath, and I finally understand how Gryan was able to convince three women to marry him.
The metal rod slips from his grip, clatters to the ground haphazardly, bounces sporadically with life, and it unexpectedly strikes Roland’s calf. Several spikes embed themselves into his flesh.
Unknowingly, I had pushed him into the path of the weapon.
EIGHTEEN

I DON’T KNOW HOW ROLAND MANAGES it, but nary a sound escapes his lips after he says, “I knew you were trying to kill me.” 
I hear a quick intake of air through his gorgeous lips, a long, low hiss, and then silence. If I had thought at all in that moment, I should have realized that Roland was joking, that he is used to pain; probably lives with it everyday, and that he would be fine.
But guilt has a way of finding those with secrets.
Regret wraps me like an infested blanket. Dark. Dirty. Shame. All of this will get back to my mentor, the Grandfather. How I behaved. What I did. Any show of emotion. I can’t act too concerned for Roland’s safety. 
A few yards away from us, young children kick Gryan’s unconscious form. Most everyone else has left, their wanton appetites satisfied for the moment. As I stare at the fallen guard, I know that the man, when he wakes, will do everything in his power to make my life hell.
As I return my attention to Roland, in a low voice I say, “I’m not trying to kill you. When I do, you won’t see it coming.”
He grunts, his eyes turn cold, and his nostrils flare. Then he tries to get up.
“Don’t be stupid, feller,” Dorni says to Roland. I pull away as she hurries to his side, inspects the spikes that pierced his brown fabriskin robe, pants, and into the side of his calf muscle. He groans as her hands pull away with blood on it. “Not too bad,” she mutters, “but only if there ain’t poison on ta points. Wouldn’t put it past Gryan ta do somethin’ like dat.”
“Poison?” Roland asks.
Dorni shifts her intelligent eyes on me. Her threadbare, wrinkled eyebrows arch. The old woman wants to know how I feel about this. It’s complicated cannot even begin to explain things. She nods at me, understanding me, I suppose.
“I told you not to touch anything,” I tell him admonishingly, louder, in case others are listening in.
He shakes his head in disbelief. “Seriously? You must have been looking elsewhere. It touched me after you threw me aside.” 
In the distance, the city’s bell tower clock strikes the hour. Three hours until showtime. Or Else. We need to get back to the Palace Skyscraper. Plus, I don’t want to be here when Gryan wakes up.
“Needin’ yer help for dis part, Rahda,” Dorni says matter-of-fact like, almost as if she were asking me to help set a dining room table. Her hands are poised under Roland’s leg. “Pull da rod straight up, now, or he be missin’ sum of da leg otherwise.”
“Uh,” Roland says, his face green. “Let’s think about this, first. Dorni, perhaps you should pull up. You seem like you know your way around something like this.”
“Rather it be Rahda’s fault if it be goin’ wrong,” Dorni replies.
“She’s right,” I say and Roland looks at me sharply. “Besides, we need to get back. It’s a waste of time arguing about it.” 
I move to his feet and position my hands in between the visible spikes and hooks and wait for Dorni’s command.
“Now.”
I lift the rod up. I try not to think about how soon this will become a new set of scars for Roland, or how it will bind his memory to me for as long as he lives, and how it’s entirely my fault. His hooded face winces and fresh blood gushes from his calf.
I toss the metal rod aside—it’s heavier than I imagined—and it clangs against the alleyway rocks. The sound scares the children, and they scuttle away. We are now alone in the alley, save Gryan on the ground, though I am not fooled by appearances. No doubt there are dozens of eyes watching us right now. Sometimes, a few well-placed words to the right person will earn them a few coins. It’s how it’s done in these parts.
I shake the old, familiar thoughts from my head and focus on the scene before me.
To gain better access to his leg, Dorni tears the bottom of his soaked trousers up to his knee. She reaches deep into her robe’s pockets, pulls out a waxy, folded packet, and sprinkles dark powder all over his leg and the blood, and then her gnarly fingers rub the rest of it into five round, bedallion-sized gashes.
“Dear Goddess, woman,” Roland hisses, his body tense, every muscle rigid. His hard eyes bore into me.
I admire his bravery in withstanding the pain, but I know I’ll pay for this later. Maybe not today or tomorrow, but someday soon.
“Da bleedin’ be stopp’d now, an’ da leg numb.” She puts the waxy packet away. “Best ye be gettin’ gone from here. Take dis.” She places my ruined fabriskin robe in my hands, and I feel around for The Pale Waters vial as well as the jarred Charm. It’s still there. I calculate how much time I have to produce a working prototype and I feel confident that it will work as I planned. I’m so lost in my concentration that I nearly forget about Roland. 
He refuses to look at me as I help him to his feet. He fixes his hood and the rest of the robe to cover his bloody leg and hops around briefly before putting weight on his left foot.
“This is brilliant, madam,” he tells Dorni kindly, walking around like a brand new man. “The injury is completely numb, but not the entire leg. How long will the medicine last?”
“Til nightfall.”
He kisses her cheek. “Thank you, Dorni. One day I will repay your kindness.”
She blushes instantly. 
“Off with ye, now, b’fore other trouble comes ‘long. I will see to Gryan.” I watch as her eyes narrow and darken as she glances at the Grandfather’s guard before she looks at me. “Be careful, luv,” she repeats before she gently touches my arm, looks at Roland with curious eyes, and then disappears inside her shoppe.
We leave the alley, back through the finger-bone curtains, and enter the Palace Skyscraper’s recognized city borders. Several male citizens are singing tales of lost love to passing women. Roland’s earlier admirer is gone.
“What’s the Charm for?” he asks.
“The prototype.”
“What else did she give you?”
My fingers wrap around the vial containing The Pale Waters. I still can’t believe Dorni gave them to me. Why would she give me the most powerful, the rarest element on the continent without asking for payment? Those blessed stones are rumored to have been used in everything from power ceremonies and soul-transformation rituals to poisons and love potions, to destroying the continent.
“She gave me medicine,” I answer.
“I see. Will the Charm work?”
We are across from the Palace Skyscraper.
“Yes, I think so.”
I cross the street without him just to piss him off, but he catches up to me in a matter of seconds and rounds the back of the Palace Skyscraper with me. The back door unlocks automatically as we approach it. Once we are indoors, he pins me against the warm door.
His breath is hot, his scent intoxicating—even intermingled with the coppery smell of blood—and his weight is delicious against me. He is angry and aroused and angry about being aroused.
“I expect you in my apartments at four-thirty,” he growls. 
He pushes himself away from me instantly, pivots, and disappears around a corner long before I am able to recover from his nearness.
NINETEEN

I HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO find the lab from here. I come across plenty of signs, but they appear to be for the service robots and not humans. I am reminded that I should have read that booklet of instructions Cat Evinas told me about when she showed me to my rooms.
Not that Roland really gave me much time alone in my room last night to actually read anything other than his smoldering body language.
I turn corners. Walk through an equal number of bright hallways and pitch-black hallways. One has such a steep incline that, at one point, I’m certain that I am on the third floor instead of the first. I encounter stairs that lead to solid walls. 
I discover auditoriums, movie theaters, an indoor swimming pool, wide open spaces that seem to serve no purpose whatsoever, and several more bridges that connect over large cracks in the floor. 
I follow the slow, gurgling sounds of the flowing black water river that threads throughout the Palace that, literally on the topmost floor, connects the Palace Skyscraper into the tall mountains behind it. At some point in the far-ago past, Roland’s family apparently expanded the Palace into the mountains, carving into it to selfishly redirect the waterfall from its natural location.
The water is a soothing sound, but it doesn’t lead me to the lab. Eventually, I find the elevator lifts, go down several floors, wind through familiar, though confusing tunnels and pathways, and finally encounter the raised under-lit catlike hallway.
As I near my lab door, I smile as it unlocks and opens silently and then closes behind me. The room is bright, which is how I like it, but it feels plain and devoid without Roland in it with me. 
He fires my blood, stirs my senses, and heightens my awareness of him completely. I still have a difficult time believing that I’m here. That I’m near Roland. That I’ve kissed and tasted and felt him. And other than his dark, brooding side, he’s everything I dreamt of over the years. His piercing eyes. His intoxicating pull. His apparent attraction to me, which seems both truthful and strategic, like he’s positioning himself to win a battle that I might be the key for.
I suppose I am the key to Roland’s personal battle. 
He wants freedom from his scars, from his past, from his father’s barbaric legacy. I pull out the vial that contains The Pale Waters and place it on the lab table. The three small stones are rather innocent looking; plain, even. If I encountered them scattered amongst regular stones and rocks, I wouldn’t have a clue that they were more than rocks, that a thousand years ago, after molten lava cooled and formed its first igneous rocks that developed under the Feeble Princess burial lake, that these rocks inherited the characteristics of its namesake. Pale, smooth, and faultless; much like the Feeble Princess herself. But on the inside, she was a chameleon—able to change herself into anything she wanted—volatile, a warrior, helpless, poisonous, erotic, exotic, and utterly desirable to her subjects, her servants, and her enemies, even when they knew she would be their downfall. 
This is her legend. Her power. And the stones formed under her burial lake supposedly possessed elements of her soul. It’s rather elemental, yet mythical, when I think about it.
I wonder if I can use them for the prototype. Maybe the stones contain the Feeble Princess’ chameleon powers. I want to exploit the ability that made her helpless subjects see her differently than what she was in reality.
If I use it, maybe everyone will see Roland differently, too.
***
I make a fresh prototype with the previous ingredients, minus my blood, and add Roland’s Charm. It sizzles in the tube.
Placing protective goggles on my face, I find a granite mortar from a cabinet, remove one milky-white stone, and slowly crush it with the mortar’s matching pestle. A captured scent of jasmine, vanilla, a strong sulfur, and something else I cannot identify is released once in power form. 
It has a profound affect on me.
I feel soft, sexy, desirable. I could seduce anyone or anything at the snap of my fingers. I have the notion that if I were to suddenly jump from a tall window, I’d be invincible.
The real me smiles. The Feeble Princess is good. Damn good.
But I’m stronger, and I understand what’s happening. Scientifically speaking, I’m pleased to discover that her chameleon ability isn’t trapped in the fumes. This capability will be in physical form, amongst the stone’s alabaster dust. Though whether it needs to be ingested or not will begin with a few serious risks on my part.
I scoop some of it up, place it evenly on a glass slide, and study it through the microscope. I expect all of the grains to be pale white, but through the microscope, they are a myriad of colors, ranging from onyx black, amber orange, blood red, cyan blue, rose pink, sparkling silvers, and cloud white, all intermixed. I surmised, previously, that there would be various shades of white, ivory, and other pale pigments, but not black. Not blue. Certainly not blood red.
I look up from the microscope and observe the grains still left in the mortar.
White. Not even a slight deviation. I wonder that if because I expect to see white, that I see white, but when I inspect it under the microscope, the grains reveal their true colors. I think for a moment, pondering what would happen if I separate the different colors, but then I shake my head. That would take hours. Days, even. I don’t have the luxury of time at the moment.
I have one hour.
Plus, I want all of the qualities of The Pale Waters. My assumption is that the stone’s essence is only effective if all of its qualities are kept together. I already lost the intoxicating fumes when I crushed it. I still feel some of that euphoria, but I’m no longer thinking about jumping out the window. Should Roland walk in right this instant, I might become much more sexually aggressive, but he is sulking up in his lavish apartments and I am here, trying to find a way to melt his scars away.
Well, melt is a strong word. I can’t do that. I can mask. I can cover. I can deceive. I can create an illusion of someone else. Roland Rexus, but only better. Sexier. Stronger.
Through the microscope, I look again. The colors have shifted hues. Black onyx is now gray. Blood red is peach. Amber orange is yellow. Cyan blue is turquoise. Rose pink is fuchsia. Only the silvers and the whites stay the same. Those are the constant, the foundation, and why, when observed in stone or grain form, the naked eye only sees a creamy ivory shade.
Is it losing effectiveness? Or are the grains in a constant state of change?
Time for an experiment.
I retrieve a drinking glass from this morning’s breakfast, add purified water, and then pour in a small amount of the grains. Stirring the liquid, the grains dissolve entirely, and, taking a fortifying breath, I drink it.
TWENTY

THE LIQUID BURNS MY THROAT LIKE the molten lava that created the rock in the first place. I can feel it swirling in my stomach. Attaching. Attacking. Assembling. Changing. My skull spins and my eyes roll into the back of my head.
Knots form all throughout my torso, muscles clench and unclench, and I hear a piercing scream that can break glass. Everything is so red. I try to resist the pull. Resist the Feeble Princess’ anger. But I can’t. It is too strong.
Then silence, peace, and clarity. Clarity on our society’s class system. Ineffective government. Lack of food, poverty, and starving children.
The unfairness of it all. Dirty. Shame. Guilt.
Slavery. Forced military service. The inherent cruelty commonly displayed in homes, in the streets, out in the open. Kill. Kill. Kill.
I push the microscope off the table, and it crashes to the floor with a satisfying crunch. It feels good to be so destructive. I spy the six piles of books from the researchers before me. Those idiots. Couldn’t do one damn thing right. Now I’m here to fix their mistakes. Fix Roland Rexus. I grab their books, their tablets, and their notes roughly. They disgust me, and I throw it all into a pile into the corner. I need to destroy it all. I find a blowtorch behind a metal door—I practically rip the door off its hinges—and set the crude pile on fire.
The heat licks at me, laughs at me, tells me how stupid I am. But dear Goddess, watching the fire destroy those books makes me feel so delicious, so sexy, so perfect. I want to feel this way all the time.
I know it’s wrong, it claws at me. The real me screams at me from the inside: Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. And then I scream out loud, but I can’t help it. None of it. The Feeble Princess’ volatile nature owns me for a spell. It quells down only to flare up again; burning, itching, dying ember by ember, as I watch the corner of my lab engulf in flames. And I don’t do a damn thing about it.
I don’t care. Even if I go up in smoke with it, I think it will be worth it.
My head spins again. I collapse to the floor, crumple up like a discarded scrap of paper, and vomit up the vile contents I drank only moments ago.
What have I done?
Smoke is everywhere, and I choke. Half my lab is in flames, walls as black as a moonless night, and I’m as weak as a newborn babe. I crawl to one of the unaffected lab tables and I try to stand up, to pull myself up, but I’m about as effective as the discarded microscope in front of me on the floor. Crawl, dammit! I shuffle to cabinets, drawers, anything, in order to find the fire extinguisher, and only at the last moment, before the fire turns its attention to my side of the room, I find it, lift it out of the cabinet, and spray it until nothing is left.
When I open my eyes sometime later—it feels like hours and not merely moments—the room smolders, crackles, and pops, the fire is defeated—I’m defeated—and the Feeble Princess won that round.
I pull myself to a sitting position and inspect what escaped my destructive behavior. Not much, but my main lab table, the remaining Pale Waters’ grains, still in the mortar, and the prototype are safe.
I check myself. Other than a few cuts on my face—I have no idea what cut me—and red marks on my fingers from the fire, I am unhurt. Roland and his chief of staff are going to kill me when they find out. I groan as I stand up.
I don’t have much time before I’m expected in his apartments. With a working prototype. Or Else.
Or else what? Hell, had I encountered him moments ago, I would have done everything short of assault him, and even that I’m not too sure of. It would have been magic, powerful, enticing, hot, passionate, and explosive. I would have gladly destroyed us both, or died trying.
Thank Heaven no one witnessed my behavior. I won’t be able to hide the product of said behavior for long, though.
I sprinkle in a dash of The Pale Waters’ grains into the now-thick, black liquid prototype. I stir the liquid with a glass rod and allow it to breathe for a few moments. 
Sealing the tube, I encase it in a clear rubber sleeve and study for any changes. It feels warmer. The black water turns a milky gray color, and then, after another sixty seconds, into a creamy white hue that’s more solid than liquid. Something’s going on; some sort of chemical reaction. 
I wish I had a service robot around to see if the current prototype transformed its metal arm into a human-flesh-arm.
With nothing left to do, I leave the lab to meet Roland at the appointed time.
TWENTY-ONE

IT IS ONLY WHEN I’M ON the lift that I consider my appearance. I’m almost positive that I look like I did jump out of a few windows and barely survived with my limbs intact. Perhaps Roland will have a fabriskin robe I can borrow to throw over my sooty clothes. Before he throws me out of his Palace Skyscraper for being an utter failure. Actually, why waste a perfectly good fabriskin robe before throwing me out? I smile a little at the thought.
Tucking a hand in a pocket, my fingers touch the forgotten coral lipstick. Thoughts invade. Cruel thoughts. If he decides to fire me tonight, then I can complete the mission. I pull the tube of lipstick out of my pocket and examine its gold and red frame carefully. It’s an elegant, little case, something a wealthy woman would carry in her clutch. 
I pop its top off and twist the base to raise the deadly, yet lovely, waxy tube. All it will take is one kiss.
Another floor goes by and I stare at the lipstick and its delightful, vibrant coral tint. In one hand, I hold a product—the prototype—that could probably, with further research, enhance Roland’s life. In the other, a product that will end his life. 
I thought this assignment would be easy.
I am both the beauty and the beast and I know, deep down, I won’t use it on Roland, and something frees in my chest. 
With a small sigh of relief, I slip the tube back in my pocket. 
I stare again at my prototype. Pride swells my insides. I’m at the cusp of something great, wonderful, and possibly life changing. I cannot end it now. Not now. I need Roland far more than he needs me; he just doesn’t know that yet.
I can change the continent. The world. Roland. Can I change myself? Can I save myself? Probably not. Again, I think of Roland. My thoughts always turn to him. He saved me once. Maybe I can return the favor.
***
I step off on the ninth floor and hear voices. 
Turning in the opposite direction, I climb up another stairwell and listen. I’ve missed the first part of the conversation.
“I’m not saying it’s a bad idea, Roland.” It’s Cat’s voice. “But accelerating everything isn’t smart. I am not convinced Rahda will agree to this. Furthermore, I don’t think she’s capable. It’s like she’s a bomb ready to explode.”
“I’ll admit her methods and ideas are unorthodox, but she has achieved more in twenty-fours than I ever expected.”
Cat laughs. “You call the wound in your calf an achievement? She’ll be your ruin long before she is your salvation. What makes Rahda Plesti unique? And before you respond, I’ve seen the photo. You’re playing a dangerous game.”
Roland hesitates before he says, “She is uniquely situated to prevail in any situation, at any cost, in any location.”
“I wish I had your faith. She’s the old man’s disciple and as such, Rahda risks her own life by not fulfilling his orders. Just look at what happened to those that came before her.”
“Rahda’s different,” Roland says in a way that lets Cat know he’s not likely to change his mind.
“Back home, she is what we call a Khrinda, someone who serves two masters. She isn’t what she seems, and yet, I get the feeling she doesn’t know who she is either. But…”
“But what?”
“I can find out. I can make sure.”
Roland makes a growling noise, like maybe he isn’t pleased with the idea.
“Do what you must. There’s too much at stake. You’ve read Jaucey’s ultimatum. Now, however,” he pauses as if he’s consulting his watch, “I need you to make ready The Gardens. Ensure our guests feel welcome.” He practically spits the word guests.
“Of course,” she says calmly, but I can tell she wants to continue the conversation. “I’ll be back up shortly.”
I hear Cat step into the elevator lift to go down while Roland’s footsteps echo as he climbs into his apartments.
***
I stay hidden in the other stairwell and digest their conversation. 
She’ll be your ruin long before she is your salvation. 
Just look at what happened to those that came before her.
She isn’t what she seems, and yet, I get the feeling she doesn’t know who she is, either.
Rahda’s different.
So they both know about my mentor, the Grandfather. Strangely, this doesn’t alarm me anymore. Now that I’ve resolved to not follow my original orders to assassinate the dark prince, I can feign ignorance if it’s brought up.
However, what this does tell me is that there are no secrets between Roland and Cat. I’m not sure what to make of this information.
Jaucey’s ultimatum. 
Dear Goddess, I know that name—Jaucey—and it irritates me I can’t remember which of the Royals he is.
I wonder what I’m caught in the middle of. This is more than some intrigue between the Grandfather and Prince Roland Rexus.
Standing up too quickly, I get a little dizzy, and sit back down.
It’s too much to think about. I’m tired. I’m hungry. And I want to see if the prototype works.
I climb Roland’s stairwell. His door is open.
“I’m here,” I call out loudly, perhaps even obnoxiously, into the dimly lit apartment. I see his silhouette sitting in one of the chairs near the fireplace. In my mind’s eye, I’m instantly transported to our first meeting, his cold indifference, his demands that I remove my clothing, and the heated exchange afterward.
I notice a tray of food beside the empty chair.
“I thought you might be hungry,” Roland offers.
And that’s all it takes to forget the questions filling my mind.
Food, in a deep-seated instinct, still has a persuasion over me. The army never provided enough and, while I trained in the Old City, rations consisted of dried protein jerky, a fat bar, vitamins, and leaf water. 
I’ve never not been hungry. Sitting in the offered chair, I take a few bites.
“Thank you,” I say. He is silent as I eat, and it doesn’t take long to finish the small plate of cold meats, cheeses, and cubed fruit.
“Do you have the prototype, Rahda?” 
I shiver as he says my name. He makes it sound so earthy and homey, like he’s been saying it to himself for years.
“Yes.” 
Holding it up, it isn’t much to look at in the dim room, but the fire casts an orange glow on it. He nods but doesn’t take it from my outstretched arm. In fact, he isn’t look at it at all. He’s studying me.
Roland lets out a small chuckle.
“Why do I get the impression you’ve been crawling around in a fireplace for the last few hours?”
I turn pink. My clothes are filthy.
“It’s a long story.”
“You have soot all over you.” His tone is playful, amused. “This will never do. Up. Into the bedroom. I’ll start a shower—”
“That isn’t necessary. Let’s just see if the prototype works,” I say. 
He pulls me up anyway and leads me into his bedroom. A small corner lamp is lit and its soft yellow light creates a cozy, romantic, shadowy atmosphere. 
I look everywhere but at him. 
The covers on the large king bed are already turned down for night service, as if a butler just left the room. Thick draperies cover the windows. Cushy chairs, a matching set, sit just in front of the draperies, with a tiny table nestled in between. It’s only too easy to imagine myself sitting there, watching Roland sleep, or reading a book, or being the first face he sees each morning.
This is madness.
“Do I drink it?” he asks, finally pulling the tube from my hand.
“Dear Goddess, no!” I exclaim, facing him. It’s then that I realize he’s teasing me.
“Mr. Underwood, earlier, told me if I consume black ink, I’ll transform into a cuttlefish. I’m not too inclined to trust him on this matter.”
“An exciting thought,” I say dryly as Roland lifts the tube to his face to inspect it, “but I’ve no intention of turning you into a—”
His face changes! I must be imagining things. The glow of the lamp and my delirious state have me seeing things. My heart hammers so hard, it’s trying to punch out of my chest.
“What?” he asks, none the wiser to what just transpired, though he looks at me in an odd fashion, as if he’s trying to decipher my expression. 
It’s the Roland from my dreams. His handsome face. And, briefly, at least as long as he holds it near his face, his skin is flawless.
“Give it back to me,” I instruct, my voice high, shaky. Roland looks at me curiously, but he hands it over. “Move into the light.” 
I can’t breathe because I’m holding my breath. I’m holding my breath because I dare not dream that it actually works. I turn up the lamp’s brightness.
“Okay,” he says slowly, clearly becoming frustrated with me. “What exactly are you hoping to see?” Even though I’ve seen him, tasted him, and even licked his scars, he still doesn’t want me to see his face. I can tell he’s beginning to think I’m crazy, wondering: how on earth can this little tube do what I’ve hired you to do?
“I’m hoping to see you,” I say in the barest whisper.
Roland doesn’t know what happened this morning to the service robot’s arm; how the earlier prototype seemed to want to transform that little robot. Now, with Roland’s blood and The Pale Waters added, anything is possible.
Everything is possible.
Finally, Roland moves around the bed. His eyes stalk me, warn me, and heat me up. I lift the tube to the scarred side of his face.
An eyebrow arches at me as I suck in a breath.
Oh, Goddess, it works.
TWENTY-TWO

SMOOTH SKIN, A CLEAR JAW, KISSABLE lips, and a clean-cut hairstyle. Not a blemish in sight. Roland’s intelligent green eyes study me. He’s the prince he was always meant to be. Strong. Handsome. Powerful. Seductive. Sociable.
It’s as if he has never known a scar in his life. He doesn’t look like a different person; he looks like himself, like his earlier self, before the scars. The way everyone thinks he looks.
I’m nearly beside myself, jumping up and down. Roland sees something in my expression, my demeanor, that alerts him to the change. Calm down, I tell myself. Act like a damn professional, not some raving lunatic.
“Do you notice a difference? Do I look like a cuttlefish?”
“Oh, shut up, you lug,” I say without malice. “I need to experiment, first.”
He is surprisingly patient. Perhaps my enthusiasm is contagious. Roland smiles at me, and my heart beats faster. I hold the prototype up to his face, and the change is still present. My Goddess, he is gorgeous. 
He is everything I’ve dreamt about. 
I take a series of steps away from him to determine its radius of effect, much like a radio transceiver, and after four steps, Roland’s face alters. The skin appears to ripple, like a gently crumpled silk scarf. Distinct reddish scar lines reform over his neck, jaw, lips, and up over his ear and into his temple. 
The effect isn’t instantaneous, perhaps a few seconds went by, but it’s just enough time to observe someone, look down and, hoping to see that charming, handsome face again, look up to find that you were mistaken.
I return to his side, place the prototype into his shirt pocket as the smooth skin returns. I force him to turn around. I have to see just how much of him this little prototype changes.
“What are you doing?” he asks.
“Be quiet.”
Pulling the shirt out of his trousers, I inspect his backside. It is clear and smooth. But what if I touch the affected area? I glide my fingertips down his side and I feel him shiver. The scars are definitely there. Raised, bumpy, smooth. I just don’t see them.
“It works,” I tell him once I turn him back around. “Keep it within four feet of you. Do you have a mirror?”
“No.”
I can tell he doesn’t believe me.
“I wish you could see it. It’s amazing. Do I look different at all? Do you see cuts on my face?”
Roland shakes his head. 
“No. You look like you did earlier today, just sootier.” He trails a finger over my cheek and it comes away with a black smudge.
“Interesting. Yes, well, it only seems to correct the visual appearance of flaws, not the actual flaws themselves.”
“What do you mean?”
“It means that I do not see your scars, but when I touch you,” I caress his face to illustrate, tracing a scar’s outline, “I still feel them.” He flinches away from my hands. A darkness invades his eyes.
“How long will it last?” he asks.
Why isn’t he more excited? 
“I have no idea. I’ll need to do further research, of course.” I move around him, thinking. “I’ll need to observe you until the prototype expires. So whatever you do this evening, I must be with you.”
Roland closes the distance between us. 
“For research?” he asks somewhat darkly, though part of his tone is seductive, erotic. Being near Roland and his bed isn’t a good idea. It makes my mind swim with the possibilities.
“I believe that’s why you hired me as your research assistant. For research.”
His voice rumbles into a soft laugh. His fingers capture my chin for a brief second. 
“Are we still going with that lie?” he asks mockingly. His voice is rough, gritty. His green eyes are like frozen ice chips. “Though,” he adds, “I particularly like the word assistant. As you conduct your research, I will require your assistance.”
“What type of assistance?” I wonder if he’s referring to whatever’s happening in The Gardens tonight. 
He grins. His face is perfect.
“The type that requires my assistant to be clean.”
***
He pops the first few buttons on my shirt.
“I doubt anyone will notice or care,” I say quietly. I do not pull away from him. I don’t want to fight it.
“Obviously, I noticed, Rahda, or I wouldn’t be removing your clothing right now.”
“I’m not a child.”
“I noticed that, too. Fairly early on, actually. Besides, you don’t want me to stop, do you?” he whispers. 
He peels the shirt off me, over my shoulders, and tosses it to the floor. I feel a coolness against my skin. 
“Beautiful,” he says as his fingers skim down my breastbone, stomach, and latch onto my trouser buttons. “No markings?” I shake my head. No, no markings. “Shall I keep going?”
I swallow. “Aren’t you going to be late for something?” His fingers scorch me, leaving little burning sensations all over me. My tummy flips and I feel it there. The heat. The lust. The urgency. 
“I take that to mean you want me to hurry,” his husky voice answers. 
The button snaps open. Roland bends down and, with both hands, he lowers my pants. I step out one foot at a time. I wear no undergarments. He stays in the crouched position, the top of his head near my sex, and looks at me. Eyes like fire. 
“You have no idea of what you do to me, Rahda. The way I’ve always wanted you, needed you, waited for you.”
“You speak nonsense.” 
“Probably. Your love will ruin me, consume me, burn me.”
“What do you want from me?” I moan, whether from anticipation or frustration, I know not. He hasn’t moved. Roland could easily touch me, lick me, own me, and I’d be lost forever. I might even forget my own name, if so. But he just stays there, crouched down, looking up at me with eyes filled with secret longing and darkness. Like he’s of two minds, hearts, souls.
“I want you to do what you are meant to do,” he says.
His hands are on my hips, his fingers kneading softly, exploring the skin on the sides of my thighs, hips, and butt. His thumbs slide wide, skimming, and soon I realize I’m leaning against the edge of his bed and his thumbs are hovering over my hairless sex.
“What am I meant to do?” I croak in between heavy breaths as his head moves back and forth, as if he’s conflicted over what to do next. Should he touch me? Should he not touch me? I wonder what makes him hesitate, if there’s more than attraction brewing here, or if he’s deliberately messing with my head. Deliberate or not, it completely disorients me.
Instead of answering me, he pushes himself away from me, stands, and kisses my forehead. 
“You are right,” he says calmly, his face smooth and scar-free. He consults his wristwatch and then looks at the door. “I will be late for something. Use my bathroom to clean yourself up. I’ll find something for you to wear, but Cat will have to assist you. I am expected in The Gardens in fifteen minutes.”
My mouth gapes open as he walks away, leaving me with an avalanche of mixed emotions.
TWENTY-THREE

I EMERGE FROM ROLAND’S SHOWER CLEAN but conflicted. I get the sense that he cannot make up his mind about me. It’s possible his statements are meant to disorient and confuse me. 
Can he see me wavering? Or worse: can he see how much I love him?
I cannot forget what he told me last night about how I am not unique, how he’ll pretend I don’t have another agenda, and how he won’t care about whatever fate awaits me when he discards me. Which completely contradicts what he said a few moments ago to Cat.
It’s amazing to me the amount of emotions that I’ve felt over the last twenty-four hours. 
I use a plush white towel to dry my hair and body, wrap it around me, and step into Roland’s bedroom. Instantly, I spot something on the bed: a formal sterling silver fabriskin robe encrusted with black diamonds, rubies, and emeralds. I touch it, expecting it to be hard, stiff, and cold; yet the sterling silver is crafted in such as way that it feels like the softest, most pliable silk.
“It will look glorious on you, Rahda,” a throaty voice says from the doorway to my right.
Cat Evinas.
She always shows up when I least expect her. I wonder where Roland is, but I won’t ask. Not her. Not when I’m not sure of my own emotions.
Tonight, Cat’s black fabriskin robe is a series of braided black diamonds sewn into silky threads that, with the slightest touch, might suddenly burst into a million sparkly bits. Her silver-gray hair is pulled high, braided and threaded with the same black diamonds and twisted into a bun. In her arms, she holds her communicator tablet. Always the chief of staff. Always ready to serve Roland, even if it means taking out the trash, or, as the case tonight might be, getting me ready in time for the event in The Gardens.
“I cannot possibly wear this,” I say to her. “What if I…”
“Ruin it?” She says in a voice that clearly indicates she believes it is entirely probable. Ruin… the word seems to be very popular these last few hours. “We do not have much time for debate. I will help you dress.”
“I can manage on my own.”
“Doubtful.” She clucks her tongue, places the communicator tablet on Roland’s bed with such ease that I get the feeling she’s used to being in here, and pries the towel out of my hands. 
Inspecting me, she makes a small remark about the cuts on my face. Her eyes move lower. Her gaze makes me feel warm. 
“No markings?” she asks in reference to my lack of tattoos.
“I am not branded,” I hiss, but then I immediately regret my choice of words. Cat, with the tattoos on the back of her neck and around her breasts, was undeniably marked by someone, bound to them for life through their visual identifications. Most hid their markings. Cat does not; she proudly displays her tattoos through her sheer fabriskin robes, but she visibly flinches at my statement.
“I am not ashamed of my past,” she declares. “Can you say the same?”
I could have said anything. I could have been defensive. I could have kept quiet, but I say the one thing that she doesn’t expect me to say.
“I’m sorry, Cat.” 
She searches my face intently, and I get the feeling she can read my mind. “Yes, I can see that you are. Now, let me assist you. Roland will not appreciate our tardiness.” Cat, standing in front of me, mere inches away, directs her hands to my wet hair, whips it around, and expertly crafts it into a sophisticated bun without the aid of any pins. “Lovely,” she states warmly. Her breath reminds me of brandy and her earthy, exotic floral scent intoxicates me. 
I sway into her.
She knows what she’s doing to me.
Her spiky fingernails trail down the side of my neck, over my clavicle, and down my breastbone. Almost the same path that Roland’s fingers explored before removing my trousers. She draws little circles there. I quiver at her touch. It aches and burns. I inhale her scent. 
Cat leans in and her lips gently brush against mine. It isn’t passionate or intense. Her kiss seems to be more of an action she cannot stop herself from doing. 
I suck in a frenzied breath. Then her hand goes lower.
***
My legs weaken and virtually go out on me. I collapse to the bed. Cat is on me in a flash; the diamonds on her fabriskin robe scratch me. 
“Do you want me to stop?” she asks.
“No,” I moan. Vaguely, I am aware that she holds, in one hand, a jeweled dagger. 
***
I’m conflicted on whether to cry out in pain or pleasure. It all feels the same at this point. 
Cat leans up and watches me writhe in intense pleasure, a wicked smile on her feline face. Using the jeweled dagger, she carves a pattern into the skin just below my breast. But I don’t care. Even that feels good.
“I will claim you,” she says into my mouth.
***
I sag against the bed, spent, as Cat’s tongue begins to lick the wound under my breast. Her saliva stings, but I’m too exhausted to say anything. I watch as she rubs a healing balm over the carving.
“I knew you would be delectable,” she says a moment later, after she straightens her fabriskin robe and pulls me to my feet. Cat looks impeccable; not even one hair out of place. She fixes my hair, which is everywhere. I feel drugged, intoxicated, and delirious all at once. 
There is no way I can even stand up on my own, much less attend some sort of formal event. I say as much to Cat. 
“Nonsense,” she declares in her authoritative tone. “But we must get going. We are almost nearly fashionably late.” She winks at me. 
She drapes the silky-soft sterling silver fabriskin robe over my shoulders and fastens it down my front with lightning speed. The metal is cool against my skin, but seems to warm up quickly as it molds to my curves. I feel like a moving chandelier. I step into matching slippers. 
Movement at Roland’s bedroom door catches my eye. I suddenly stop. The shadow retreats.
“What is it?” Cat asks, a slight worry in her brow. She retrieves her communicator tablet and resumes her chief of staff stance. I wonder what she would do if she knew Roland watched our entire lovemaking session.
“Nothing,” I say with a quick smile. “Nothing at all.”
TWENTY-FOUR

I’M HYPER AWARE OF CAT AS we descend Roland’s apartments, take the lift to the fourth floor, and walk down a long, yet densely decorated hallway filled with paintings of the city’s long, distinguished past. She moves effortlessly, confidently, and seductively. And she’s not even trying. I know what her trying looks like now, and it’s enough to kill a person weaker than me.
“Have you seen Roland yet?” I ask her. I want to know if she’s seen the transformation and her thoughts about it.
“Briefly,” she says noncommittally as she types something into her tablet. “He said he needed complete privacy before the formal welcome ceremony.”
“Formal welcome ceremony? Has someone returned?”
Cat smiles. 
“You can say that. It will be Roland’s first public appearance in twelve years. Everyone who is Anyone will be here.”
“Would he have kept the ceremony scheduled if the prototype didn’t work?”
She turns and looks at me sharply. I can tell this is news to her. Her features soften. 
“Roland has a way of keeping his scars, physical or otherwise, close to the chest.”
I sigh at her non-answer. 
“Is this one of those conversations where I have to guess your meaning, or can we save some time and you tell me outright?”
“I can see why he admires you. Yes, he would have kept the ceremony. It happens each year whether or not he attends.”
“Why?”
“The city’s elevated citizens celebrate his father’s birthday. Roland normally sits in his rooms, gets drunk, and comes to the party just as it dies down. No one knows it is him. He secretly listens to the elders and the other royals discuss their undying faith and loyalty to the former king.”
“But his father was a true barbarian!” I know this firsthand.
“True,” Cat says with a sense of hesitancy, as if maybe she isn’t ready to declare her true feelings to me. “The elders enjoyed their leisure and rich lifestyle during Roland’s father’s reign. Roland, upon his assumption of his father’s role, which, by the way has never been declared or abolished, cut them off, eased the taxes on the population, and sought a way to repair his father’s messes. He’s done a lot of good, but not nearly as much as he’d like. He needs their support, and I have a feeling that tonight may change the course of our future.”
“Why isn’t Roland king?” I have always thought of him as a rogue prince, but now that the conversation came up, it does seem logical that Roland would be the king.
“Roland doesn’t have the backing of all of the royals because his seat is contested by Roland’s maternal uncle, Lord Theodore Jaucey. But, thus far, Jaucey hasn’t done much other than voice his objection, so the status quo remains.” She looks at me as if I should already know this. Cat appears puzzled for a brief second before the look vanishes. 
We reach the end of the hallway, near the door to The Gardens, and I can hear the buzz of a hundred voices talking at once. Behind us, five service robots zip by in convoy form, holding various trays of food and drinks. They slip into a hidden panel in the wall that moves aside just as they reach it and moves back after the last one enters.
“Why will our futures change? Do you mean the Palace Skyscraper’s future, or the future of the citizens of the continent?”
Cat begins to answer me just as we are interrupted. 
“I’m not sure—” 
“I’d like a moment alone with Rahda,” someone says from behind us. 
Roland. I would never mistake his voice.
I hear Cat’s audible gasp as she stares at Roland.
“Amazing,” she says. “Great work, Rahda.” Cat briefly squeezes my hand, her eyes bright, then, before she enters The Gardens’ secret door, she gives Roland a knowing look. He nods at her, and Cat disappears.
I watch her go and then turn my attention to Roland.
He doesn’t look happy, but he doesn’t look pissed, either. Sometimes I think that Roland has a dark side that he cannot hide.
***
Roland stands tall, rigid, and striking in a dark, metallic charcoal-colored suit and matching shoes. His brown hair is slicked back, pulled tight into a knot at the base of his neck. I notice the small tubular bump in his front pocket: the prototype, but cleverly hidden behind a white triangular silk scarf. His skin is clear and blemish free.
Just then the five service robots return through their secret portal, empty trays in their metal hands, ready to be replenished. Briefly, I wonder who cooks the food.
“Before we go in there, I should explain a few things,” he says. “This is a political and royal party to celebrate my father’s birthday. It disgusts me to no end but I have no desire to end it since I learn more in one night than I do throughout the year. This year is different. My uncle seeks the support of the royal elders to remove me from power and declare his daughter the rightful heir.”
“I see,” I say.
“That’s why I did everything I could to get you here this time. This,” he gestures in front of his transformed face, “is necessary so I can face them. No one wants to put his or her faith in a scarred, deformed prince. They’ve heard rumors, but none of them know the truth. Once they see me looking the way I do with you on my arm, I’ll have the royals on my side. The truth is I cannot go in there without you.” He closes the distance between us and places a hand over my heart. “I can’t do this without you.”
“I can manipulate how you look, but I can’t be anything more. I’m not special.”
“How can you not know what you are to me, to the continent? Don’t you feel the continent’s pain and how she calls to you, Rahda? Listen to your soul. How is it you don’t know how remarkable you are?” 
“Why are you doing this?”
“Like I said, time is running out. I know things that you don’t know about your own family, Rahda. After tonight I’ll tell you what I know. The rest, however, is on you.” He pauses, then, “You shouldn’t have let Cat mark you.”
Ah, so it finally comes up.
“You saw?”
“Everything,” he whispers in my ear. “The way she touched you. How her long tongue licked you and explored you and tasted you. I heard every moan and whimper that came out of your mouth. I wanted those sounds all to myself.” I feel my heat rising. “I saw her dagger cut you open and mark you. Brand you. I hope you realize that as she lapped you up, sucked on you, and made love to you, that in one moment of weakness you’ve granted her the ability to try and claim part of your soul.”
A dreadful feeling builds in my stomach. Dear Goddess, I think, I’ve messed up big time.
He watches me closely and I see the confusion grow on his face.
“I doubt she’ll try,” I say in a manner that sounds more convincing than it really is.
“You actually have no idea of who you are, do you?” he asks incredulously, his handsome face bright. “At first I thought it was a ruse, but now I can see that you don’t know. Let’s get through tonight first.” Roland does a half turn, halts, and offers me his arm. “I forgot to mention that you are my date tonight. You belong here. Whatever you hear, do not, under any circumstance, reveal any emotion. No surprise. No pain. No happiness. The royals will eat you alive.”
“I can’t wait,” I say through my teeth as I take his arm. It never occurs to me to refuse his arm. I’m not thrilled with his methods, but if I’m honest with myself, I want to be near him, I want to be on his arm. He smiles down at me and I think about his words: Don’t you feel the continent’s pain and how she calls to you, Rahda? Listen to your soul. How is it you don’t know how remarkable you are? How does one respond to something like that? Strange thing is, though, is that sometimes I do feel an intense pain that isn’t mine, and I don’t know how to process it.
My thoughts are interrupted as the The Gardens’ door hisses open. We waltz in, Cat whispers something into Roland’s ear, and a loud announcement is made. Suddenly, the room erupts in uproarious clapping, yelling, and other congratulations aimed in our direction.
It’s the announcement that stuns me.
Roland smiles down upon me, as if he loves me, as if he owns me, as if it’s the happiest day of his life. I’ve been cornered into a new battle. The Grandfather never prepared me for this. How could he?
The announcement is made again. I’m not dreaming.
“Please welcome home Prince Roland Demetrius Eduard Rexus and his future bride, the Lady Rahda Sevradan Plesti.”
TWENTY-FIVE

THE NEXT TWO HOURS ARE AGONY as Roland sweeps me around the room, introducing me to everyone who matters but no one I’ll remember, while Cat, ever-so-ready with her communicator tablet, gives me sly, yet guilty, looks every ten minutes.
Everyone is thrilled to see Roland. 
“How were your travels?” “How many languages do you speak now?” “When did you meet your lovely bride-to-be?” “Twelve years is way too many years to be away, especially after the sudden shock of your father’s death.” “Oh, we understand that you needed to get away and mourn properly. We wouldn’t have let you, that’s for sure. Have I introduced you to my pretty niece, the Lady Claire?” The last is accompanied by a devious look at me. 
It only takes twenty-five minutes before the topic of an heir is brought up by many of the elderly ladies. 
“You’ll want to get started right away. Don’t wait for the nuptials. No one cares about that these days anyway. Plus, you cannot trust the priests.” “Give us a healthy boy, Lady Rahda. You have a lovely name. Sevradan, you say? Thought the Sevradan line died out when Amaris killed her children.” “Are you a foreigner? Don’t get too many of those anymore, mostly the half-humans. Everyone else is leaving the continent.” “Is your mother a scholar, by chance? Didn’t like them much, but I’ll reconsider on your account, ma’am.” “Only eat green goose meat for the first trimester, Your Highness—I am repeatedly called this throughout the evening—This will guarantee you a boy!” “I love your smooth skin, Lady Rahda. Do you recommend the goat’s milk cream all the rage these days or something else?” 
“Prince Roland—firm handshake here—excellent seeing you tonight. Heard the nastiest rumors about you being scarred for life, as the young ones would say, but relieved to see that it is unfounded. Plump little future bride here. Get her with child before she wanders off with a servant. Still happens, you know. Lord Jaucey is here. Excuse me please.”
Finally, a small break. 
“How does everyone know my maternal name?” I ask Roland. I’ve never formally used the Sevradan name.
“Because I told them.”
“And how do you know?”
“I told you I know things about your family.” Roland maneuvers me into a corner. “Is the prototype still working, Your Highness?” I wish I could lie to him, but I won’t. Plus, he seems to be in a better mood. He must be getting good signals from the royal elders.
“It appears to be fine. But I don’t think we should test it for more than another hour. I would estimate that it has a four-hour lifespan.”
“Why didn’t you say so earlier?”
“It’s an educated guess. Nothing more. Also, after all of this, I change my mind. I do want to kill you.”
Roland stiffens and at first I think it’s because of what I said, but then I follow his line of seething vision. 
“Let me acquaint you with my nearest relative, Rahda,” he says sarcastically in my ear.
An attractive man, perhaps ten years Roland’s senior, walks through a parting crowd. All eyes are on him. His clothes are impeccable: a crisp white, pearl-encrusted fabriskin robe split down the middle—much like a cape—opened to reveal a suit of such a rich blue color that I find it difficult to look away from him. If the sky were still blue, it would be that color. His short black hair has a hint of curl on the top, and, as he leisurely approaches us, he makes a small bow at me, ignores Roland, and takes the liberty of introducing himself.
“My Lady Rahda, I am Theodore Jaucey, Roland’s uncle.”
So this is the uncle.
He may be beautiful to look at, but something about the man makes me ill at ease. There’s a curl to his lips, just the touch of a sneer that lets me know how he feels about meeting me.
It feels best to remain quiet, so I only nod in his direction.
The uncle turns his attention to the nephew. 
“Rexus,” he says unaffectionately, as if the name itself is distasteful to him. 
“Jaucey,” Roland says in return, just as distastefully.
“So it’s true, then? A Sevradan heiress…” He aims a murderous look my way before he clears the expression, resumes an air of indifference, and addresses Roland. “How convenient. What’s it been, twelve years? Tough to run a kingdom when you’re absent. Not that it matters much,” he continues, shrugging. “The continent is going to hell anyway. Only citizens left are beasts, half-humans, and robots. I heard that you were, ah, injured some years ago. How fortunate to be proven wrong.” Theo takes a swig from his champagne flute. “Did you get my note?”
“I always receive your notes. Whether they are welcomed or not is another matter.”
“You can’t put me off any longer, Rexus. I’ve been—we’ve been—more patient than you deserve.”
Roland’s eyes narrow.
“You dare bring the girl into this?” Roland asks through his teeth.
“You would deny her her birthright?”
Both men stare at each other with daggers in their eyes. Jaucey finishes his drink and sets it down hard on a nearby table. 
“The birthright no longer lies with this line,” Roland says, his tone final.
Jaucey looks sharply at me. His cruel expression almost makes me take a step backward.
“Very well,” the older man says with a clipped, barbed voice. “Then my ultimatum stands. I want you to think about it. Think about what it means. Sleep on it. I’ll come back in a day or two to hear your final answer.”
“My chief of staff, Ms. Evinas, will assist you. She happens to be near the exit. Why don’t you stop by now, set it up, and leave?”
Jaucey finds Cat in the crowd. The curl in his lip deepens. 
“You’ve always had a soft spot for wounded exotic creatures, haven’t you, nephew? They understand you best, I think you told me once. At least you aren’t marrying a half-human. It is lovely to have met you, Lady Rahda.”
Then he winks at me. A real bride-to-be would have been highly offended the moment Lord Jaucey opened his mouth. 
The crowd parts again as he exits.
***
“So that’s your uncle,” I say dramatically. “I’m seriously considering leaving you for him. It’s best if I come clean now before the entire affair gets sordid.” 
“Thanks for the warning, Lisbeth.”
“Lisbeth?”
“What about her?” his eyes darken.
“You just called me by your sister’s name.”
“You are mistaken.”
I study his face, wondering if this small episode is a side effect of the prototype. I notice tiny markings pop on his face. A faint outline is drawn up, as if an invisible hand and pencil suddenly began to sketch a map from his neck up. It isn’t deep or dark enough to be visible from a distance, but up close, like I am, I can clearly see that the prototype is beginning to lose its properties.
“We need to leave,” I say urgently. “The prototype is degrading. Is there a door there…” I point to the corner behind us.
Roland turns, touches something, a door creaks open, and shuts closed behind us. We are in a thin corridor, brick lined, perhaps from an older building’s exterior that was built over, but the designer, whoever he was, decided to leave a small, crawl-like space intact. 
Dust, cobwebs, and loose, crumbly bricks heavily invade this secret hallway.
“This way,” he says in front of me.
We crouch and walk single file for a good ten minutes. During this time, we catch snippets of conversation from inside The Gardens. I hear my name mentioned almost non-stop. What does it matter that my name is Sevradan? Their voices contain excitement, awe, and wonderment, as if I’m the solution to some long-suffering problem.
Other voices express their concern over Roland’s long absence and how, even though he may be marrying a Sevradan, it’s not enough to keep them on the continent. Many of the royals, apparently, plan to leave permanently. 
“They will conduct their own secret meetings,” Roland tells me after the voices have died down. “Some will stay, but most will go. An airship is scheduled to pick them up in two days’ time.”
I’m not sure what to say to this, so I remain quiet.
The floor lowers into a pseudo-staircase that brings us a half floor down. Thankfully, the ceiling stays the same height and we no longer have to crouch. I was getting tired of stumbling.
“I think there is a service robot door over here. We’ll have to crawl out.”
I hear a sliding noise and see a spot of light. Roland crawls out first and then assists me. At first, I consider taking off the sterling silver, diamond-encrusted fabriskin robe, but in the end, I yank it up over my knees and shimmy out carefully. I dust myself off and straighten up.
I have no idea where we are. After a couple of stairwells, short and long hallways, and one interesting-looking decrepit bathhouse, Roland turns down a familiar hallway and looks at me after I give off a sigh of relief.
My door unlocks as I near it. Roland stands back as I open it.
“I should apologize for—” he stops. “We can make it real, you know.” If I didn’t know any better, I’d think he is being serious.
“The engagement? I…” My voice trails off.  
“All I’m asking you to do is think about it.”
“I’m exhausted, Roland.” This conversation can wait until morning.
“I understand,” he says softly, capturing my hands in his own. “You have no idea what you achieved tonight. I will fix all the wrongs my father and his father created. Because of you, Rahda, I can now get started. I needed you, can’t you see that? And this.” He holds up the prototype and hands it back to me. It’s no longer white, but murky black. “It only worked because of you. There’s so much you don’t know. You’re brilliant. You’re beautiful… my sweet, wonderful Rahda.” He pauses and then stuns me when he says, “I’ll earn your love the right way. One day, you’ll tell me you love me, and on that day, I’ll know that I’ve become the man I am supposed to be.”
He lingers by my door and just when I think he’s about to say something else, he quietly turns away, tells me goodnight, and walks away. His back is straight and his head is held high.
It’s like he’s a different man.
I smile a little. A part of me knows he’ll be the death of me, and a part of me accepts it. I close the door, shed the outrageous fabriskin robe, and climb into bed. It feels like ages since I slept.
I sink deep into the soft mattress.
I fall into a heavy sleep and dream about horrific metal beasts, Cat’s tongue—an explicitly vivid dream—and a man with piercing green eyes desperately calling for me to save him.



ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Della is the author of multiple short stories, novellas, and novels to include "Reclaimed Souls", a four-book romance, science fiction mash-up Series.

She has several stories out on submission with science fiction and fantasy magazines. One of her stories was recently bought by WMG Publishing for a FictionRiver Anthology due to be published in Dec 2015.

Della writes romance under the pen name Kelly Washington.

Della can be contacted via her website, http://smallfiction.com, or at della@smallfiction.com.



AUTHOR’S NOTE & BONUS MATERIAL
Reclaimed Souls started off very differently from what you have read thus far. When I started writing the story, I intended for it to be an erotic short story based on a conversation I had with my friend C.B. about Masters and Slaves. 
My theory (out of this conversation) is that the Slave is the Master and the Master is really the Slave. I wanted to explore this theory of mine through a short story. Originally, I called it LOVE ME and it was going to be about a young woman interviewing for a position with a secretive, dark, misunderstood employer. From outward appearances, the young woman would appear to be the Slave and the employer the Master; but I wanted to turn this on its head and show how the woman—the Slave—was really the Master of the relationship. 
However, after about the first ten thousand words, the story morphed into what you are reading, and I realized I had a bigger, deeper, story on my hands. I scrapped the first three chapters, but you’ll see that I kept the interview (Chapters 2-4), though tailored for the story. 
So, why am I telling you all of this? Why should you care?
Even though the story changed theme, I wrote the entire four-book series with erotic scenes that have been “cleaned up” for the final version. I didn’t delete those original scenes. Each book as one erotic, explicit scene. Book One’s scene involves Rahda and Cat near the end of the book (Chapter 23) where Cat helps Rahda dress for the Ceremony in The Gardens. It’s pretty damn steamy. And considering that Cat is a half-human (with unique sexual capabilities that you did not get to read in the final version), I had a lot of fun creating her for this scene. 
Again… where am I going with this?
I’m offering you the chance to read this scene if you want, completely free of charge, on my website. But, be warned, it is explicit and intended for mature, 18+ audiences. If you are offended by explicit sex scenes, strong curse words, or are under 18 years old, then please do not read it.
Here’s the direct link: http://smallfiction.com/catandrahda. 
If some reason you click on it (or type it into your browser) and it doesn’t work, send me an email and I’ll email the scene to you. My email is della@smallfiction.com.
