
Say When
A Something More Novel

Tara West

Copyright © 2013 by Tara West
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Edited by Theo Fenraven
Cover Art by Tamra Westberry
Formatting by Danielle Blanchard


Begin Reading
Table of Contents
Excerpt from Say Yes (Something More Book 2)


Dedications

Theo, thank you for making my manuscript shine. You do amazing work.

Elle, thanks for formatting for me so quickly, and for working hard to make sure my book sparkles. Emma and Shea, thanks so much for reading my manuscript and for your excellent feedback. I can’t wait to see you all in Vegas!!!

Tammy, special kudos for telling me to add those scenes with Andrés’s POV. You have helped to make this book so much better. I don’t know what I would have done without your advice.

To my fan club, especially Becky, Jacklynn, Jodi, Kelly, and Sheri, thank you for your continued support of my writing. Your friendship and encouragement means so much to me.


Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
About Tara West
Other books by Tara West


Prologue

“Teenie, you okay in there?”
Just ignore him, I tell myself. He’s invisible. A figment of your imagination. You are not engaged to be married to the world’s biggest ass. Jackson James does not exist. You can’t see him on the other side of that door. Hold steady. Focus on the smooth porcelain. The elongated silver handle. Stucco walls. 
“I’m starting to think you don’t like sex with me.” He is whining. Now he’s scratching on the door.
 Oh, God. Go away. Please go away. 
“You’re killing my ego.” I can hear him breathing through a crack in the door. He sounds nasally, congested. His breath smelled like farts tonight. 
I clutch the porcelain and heave. It burns coming out, so hot my eyes water. Steaming chunks get tangled in my hair as wisps fall in my face. 
My bare bottom sticks to the cool tiles. I try in vain to pull my hair back as I heave. The rancid smell stings my nasal passages, and a wave of nausea causes me to vomit again.
He’s still whining. I wish he’d shut up, but now I’m too sick to care. 
I have no idea why for the past two weeks, every time I’ve had sex with my fiancé, I end up on the bathroom floor, clutching the toilet like a lifeline. I’ve never missed a pill and my pregnancy test was negative. If I had the flu or food poisoning, I’d know it by now. Maybe my body is trying to force my brain to acknowledge the truth: this relationship is failing.  
All I know is I’d still prefer this moment, this horrific moment, to going back into that bedroom and having sex with him.  


Chapter One

“No! No! No!” I scream while hurling fried wontons at my fiancé.
Jackson sits there for a moment with mouth agape, absorbing the first round of my tantrum with a look of comical horror in his blue-green eyes.  Then his pale face colors, first a soft shade of coral, then a red the same hue as the obnoxious tie he’s wearing. His flush spreads like wildfire all the way to the roots of his wavy blond hair.   
“Teenie, you’re making a scene.” He throws his chopsticks on the table and hisses through clenched teeth. “Sit down!” 
“No!” I grab a fistful of shrimp and pineapple and something unrecognizable and throw it at his ugly tie. I wipe my greasy hand on a cloth napkin and storm toward the exit, knowing I look awkward as I wobble in three inch stilettos. 
Once outside, I inhale a deep breath of warm Austin air, a welcome relief compared to the stifling smells inside. Heavy clouds crowd the night sky, blotting out much of the light from the full moon. My skin is coated in a thin mist as a drizzle falls on my head. I pray it doesn’t start raining harder before my ride shows. I cannot go back inside that restaurant. I cannot go back inside to him. 
I pace near the entrance, scanning the rows of parked cars for my best friend, Karri, my rescuer from this hellish night.    
Not surprisingly, the heavy restaurant door swings open and Jackson stomps toward me like a big pouty steam roller. “What is wrong with you? You barfed when we were making love last week and now this.”
“Making love?” I laugh. “Is that what you call it?” Smacking my ass hard enough to leave angry red handprints and calling me his “dirty whore” is hardly my idea of making love. In fact, just the idea of having sex with Jackson again makes me want to hurl, which is why I haven’t let him touch me all week. 
His pudgy face is illuminated beneath the glow of the street lamp overhead. I used to think his boyish looks were attractive, but I’ve grown sick of staring at him. I read the rage simmering in his hooded eyes. I’d only seen him this angry with his roommates, usually when they drink the last of his beer. At six foot two, he towers over my small frame as he bears down on me with a scowl. Jackson is expecting me to back down. Jackson is expecting me to apologize. 
Not tonight. 
I look up at him and meet his gaze with a glare of my own. “This is my twenty-first fucking birthday! I don’t even like Chinese food!”
“Calm down.” He holds out both hands and I think he cringes, but then he straightens his face, trying his best to look impassive, like he’s the one in control. “I’ll let you order the soup.”
“I don’t want any damn soup!” I stomp my foot and wince. My mother’s flimsy heels hurt like hell. Why had I let her talk me into wearing them? “I want a beer.” Preferably not with you, I want to say, but I don’t. Despite my little act of defiance tonight, years of being browbeaten by my mother and now Jackson, have trained me to bite my tongue. 
 He flashes that crooked grin I used to think was attractive. The “let’s get drunk and screw” grin. “We can talk it out at my place.” He steps toward me and reaches for my arm.
I jerk away before he can touch me. “You mean we’ll go have sex at your place.” The words come out on a hiss. I don’t mean to sound like a spitting cobra, but I kind of like the look of shock in his eyes. I turn up my chin and hold my ground, though my insides start to quiver. 
My gaze darts to the cars zooming by. I silently pray one of them will be my ride out of here.  
This is the new me, I want to say to him. I’m not putting up with anyone’s shit any longer. I hold back from unleashing that part of my verbal assault. I wonder if I’ve got the guts to hold him and my mom off forever. 
I don’t know if I can do it, a little voice inside me whines. I hate that voice. I tell her to shut up as I turn from Jackson and walk across the slick driveway. A pimple-faced valet with a crooked buzz cut is jingling a set of keys and smirking at me. I ignore him. 
Karri should have been here by now. I’m hoping she’ll spot me if stand out on the main road. 
“Where are you going?” Jackson calls at my back. 
Please stop following me, I silently beg. Let me win an argument just once. 
“None of your damn business,” I shout over my shoulder. I don’t know what happened to Christina. I don’t know this girl who’s using my mouth to talk back to my fiancé, but I like her.  
I keep walking until I’m on the sidewalk facing the busy street. Cars buzz by and ruffle the fabric on my hot pink chiffon skirt. I hate this skirt. It barely covers my ass, but my mother said it makes me look sexy, and if I want my fiancé to set a date, I have to entice him by showing off my legs. I inhale gas fumes and cover my mouth, stifling a cough. Surprisingly, I’m not bothered by the smell. If this is what freedom smells like, I’ll take it. I cringe at the sound of heavy steps behind me. 
“You’ve ruined my celebration.” His deep bellow sounds like a heavy drum in my ear. “You’re acting like a total bitch, Teenie.”
I clench my fists and tell myself I will not back down. I can feel his hot breath on the back of my head. I imagine it smells like farts and spicy Asian shrimp. That makes me smile, but only for a moment. 
I slowly turn on my heel, looking up at him through narrowed slits. “My name is Christina.” The words rapidly roll off my tongue, punching the air between us. Then I thrust a finger into his beefy chest. “And for your information, tonight is my night.”
To my amazement, Jackson steps back. I think maybe he’s going to let me win this argument. I hope he’ll just get in the expensive car his daddy bought him and drive off. But then his brows draw together, and I can see that wheel in his head turning. No, he’s not backing down. He’s just regrouping and reassessing the situation, so he can think up a hurtful, witty comeback. Something to get me to feel like shit and apologize. 
His lower lip turns down, taking his round jaw and the entire lower half of his face with it. He heaves a sigh and then adds a sniffle for good measure.  His eyes are as dry as dust. What a faker. How had I ever fallen for his bullshit? 
“How can you be so selfish?” The intensity and pitch of his whine increases with each word and his face falls even more. “Like my promotion doesn’t mean anything.”
Anger wells up inside me as heat flames my chest and fans my cheeks. “Not tonight it doesn’t.” I desperately want to slap that fake pout off his face. “And you just got more responsibilities, not a pay raise. You’re a fucking intern.”
His daddy got him the job at a friend’s investment firm. He is supposed to be working for this company for college credit, but he spends most of his time on the green either with his dad’s friends or his frat buddies. He still hasn’t told me exactly what he’s done to earn this promotion. 
The wind ruffles his blond hair while he stands there with his hands hanging limply by his sides. He looks like a child on the verge of a tantrum. How had I ever been attracted to this guy?
Oh, yeah. His family’s wealth.  After my dad’s series of poor business decisions, and sudden demise, Mom realized she hadn’t saved enough money to maintain her lifestyle forever. One day, she’ll be forced to choose between groceries and botox. I know she’s hoping Jackson and I will support her.  When my mom found out Jackson’s dad was a software tycoon, she practically had a money-gasm the first time I brought him home. From that moment on my fate was sealed. I was supposed to use any means necessary to secure Jackson James as my husband. Love him, seduce him, lure him into my matrimonial clutches. 
Disregard his foul breath, little penis, and short temper. Those are all inconsequential. Keep your eye on the prize. Marry into one of the wealthiest families in Texas and live a life of security and privilege. Those were my mother’s instructions. She’d be furious if she knew how close I was to throwing it all away.  
I turn from him, dig my phone out of my purse and fire off a message to Karri. Where are you?
“Please tell me you’re not texting Karri,” he groans behind me. 
“I’m not texting Karri,” I mumble while I impatiently await her response. I tap my heel on the concrete, hating the loud click as it hits the ground.
“You’ve been changing, Teenie, and I think it has a lot to do with her.” The whine in his voice is so pronounced, I have the strong urge to cover my ears with both hands. 
I turn toward him. “I have been changing and it has nothing to do with her.” 
 He shakes his head. “She’s a bad influence. She’s never going to go anywhere in life and she wants to bring you down with her.” His eyes widen as he looks at something over my shoulder. “Goddamn, is that her?”
Relief floods through me as I see Karri’s dark blue Sentra pulls to a stop in front of me. There’s a new scratch on the hood and the front passenger tire is missing a hubcap. An infant car seat is propped up in the rear center.  
It’s a far cry from the ride I came in, but I don’t care. I just want to get the hell away from here. Karri’s passenger window rolls down with a lot of squeaking and a few pops.  Her spiky pink hair rustles as she ducks her head. 
“Hey, Jackson.” She nods toward him and smiles. “Nice tie. You got something on your shirt, too.” She looks down at her pale peach tank top that reveals more cleavage than should be legal. “Look.” She points to a stain that circles her entire left breast. “We match, only mine is baby puke.”
Jackson regards her with a scowl before turning his attention to me. 
“Where are you going?” he asks as he lifts his chin. His neck and shoulders are rigid now, and I can tell he’s doing his best to look like a strong, self-assured man. 
I know better. He only pretends to be strong so he can manipulate me into doing what he wants. 
“Out,” I drawl as I open Karri’s car door and throw my purse inside. 
“Call me tomorrow,” Jackson says. It’s not a request or a plea, but a command. 
And you know what? I’ve had about enough of Jackson bossing me around. 
“No,” I say, squaring my shoulders. 
Jackson arches a narrow pale brow, made too thin from over-plucking. “No?”
I lean forward and slap my three carat engagement ring in his hand. “No.”


Chapter Two

“So, hey, I dropped off Tyler at my mom’s house.” Karri sounds like she’s overdosed on caffeine, or maybe she’s back on meth. Gawd, I hope she’s not back on meth. She’s way too energized, squirming around and acting like she’s trying to pop a bubble under her ass. “I’ve got the whole night,” she squeals. 
“Great,” I answer through a sigh, slumping in my seat. I can’t help but feel guilty that I’m keeping Karri away from Ty. Why is my best friend’s priority in life all about finding a babysitter? We’ll probably get so shitfaced tonight, we’ll end up sleeping until late afternoon. Karri will make sure to leave her baby with her mom as long as possible.   
She gives me that look that she gave me after the time I told her Jackson’s penis size was just right. Apparently, “just right” is code for small dick. 
“Great?” she asks, rolling her eyes. “I’m babyless on your birthday. Let’s go get drunk and fuck some hot guys.” 
I shrug. “I like the drunk part, but I’m not having sex with strangers.” 
“They’re not strangers. I’ve already got a few friends lined up.” Karri flashes her infamous wicked smile, revealing two rows of off-white teeth.
“Why am I not surprised?” I say wryly. Random sex with random dudes on my twenty-first birthday. Just the thought makes me want to hurl. 
“Come on.” She licks her lips and then smooths her fingers across her bulging cleavage and down a curved thigh. I swear all I have to do is mention the word “sex,” and she gets wound up like a vibrator on steroids. “It’s your birthday! Live a little.”   
“Can’t we just go to a club?” I hate the whine in my voice, but I’m so not in the mood to be the sex police tonight. “I want to go dancing, and I’ve never actually bought a beer using my own ID before.”
It was such a nice feeling to wake up this morning and toss that fake ID with the peeling laminate. I’d paid some IT kid at the library five hundred bucks for it two years ago, and surprisingly, it had worked at my favorite college bars, mostly because the bouncers were in Jackson’s fraternity. My old ID had a glaring typo, claiming I weighed 150 pounds instead of 105, a two hundred dollar fix, the kid had told me, even though the mix-up was his fault. I could finally be me now, Christina Duval, five foot three, 105 pounds, green eyes, auburn hair, age twenty-one, and totally legal. 
  “In case you don’t remember," Karri said as she motioned to the puke green bulls-eye on her tit. “I’ve got baby puke on my shirt.”
“It’s my birthday,” I said, keeping my voice firm. First Jackson and now my BFF? Nope, I was not going to be pushed around again. Not on my night. “I want to go dancing.” 
“Fine,” she huffed. “I need to stop off at my apartment and change.”
The thing about me and Karri is we go way back, all the way to second grade when I caught her picking a wedgie behind a bucket of playground equipment. I don’t know why I was drawn to her. She got me into a lot of trouble at school and home. No matter how hard my mom tried to keep us apart, Karri always figured out a way back to me. Even though we’ve chosen separate paths in life—me excelling in college and her barely graduating high school and then getting knocked up by some random dude (she’s got the daddy narrowed down to three guys now)—we’ve managed to stay close. 
Karri is a terrible parent, a lousy daughter and can’t hold a job to save her life. Sometimes I wonder what our friendship says about me. And yet, I cling to her. Why? Because she was the friend who comforted me when things at home got rough. When I confessed to her everything that happened between my dad and me, she didn’t pass judgment. She’s kept my dirty, dark secret and she’s never betrayed my trust. 
Never. 
For that, I think I owe her something. And right now, the best I can give her is continuing to be her friend, even when she does some majorly stupid shit, like fuck random guys while her baby naps in the other room, or forgetting to change his diaper for an entire day, causing him to develop a painful rash. Yeah, Karri’s got issues, too.

* * * 

Why am I surprised to find two totally greasy guys waiting outside Karri’s apartment? I swear her run down studio in the ghetto is like a Venus Flytrap for tattooed ex-cons and druggies, all looking for sex. 
“Hey, Karri.” One of them strolls up to the car, eyeing us both like we are prime cuts, or in his case, two large pizzas and a bag of weed.  He holds up a six pack of cheap beer, his exchange for fifteen minutes of fun on Karri’s futon.  
“Hey, what are you doing here?” Karri asks the greaseball with perhaps too much forced shock. 
He scrunches his brow and rubs his shaggy beard, looking momentarily disoriented. “What do you mean?” he slurs as spittle flies off his tongue and smears Karri’s half-open window. I can tell he’s probably already had a six pack by himself. “You sent me a text.” 
Greaseball number two sidles up to the window.  “Anyone hungry?” he asks. He’s got a shaved head and I suspect his tattoos outnumber his IQ two to one. He’s carrying a pizza box, tipping it on one side as he leans into his friend. I can hear the contents of the box slosh around, and I realize there’s probably only a few slices left. 
Karri smiles real wide as she leans over and nudges me. “Robbie and Ben, this is my friend Christina.”
They both smile, and I’m pretty sure I can see strings of drool hanging from their bottom lips. 
“Karri,” I growl under my breath. “This is so not cool.” 
“Just a minute, guys,” Karri says to them as she rolls up her window. 
Their faces fall as they glare at us, making them look like a couple of rabid wolves getting ready to make a kill. 
“Would you just relax?” She groans. “Robbie has got a freaking huge schlong.” Her eyes widen as she holds both hands far apart, and I’m reminded of those fishermen who used to come into my dad’s dealership and exaggerate their records.
“Omigod! How do you know this?” Stupid me, asking that question when I already know Karri’s probably fucked them both already. I’m suddenly thinking texting Karri to save me from Jackson wasn’t such a good idea. I watch the two beasts steam up the window as they pant like bulls getting ready to charge, and I think maybe I’d prefer Jackson and his farty Chinese food breath to these guys. 
Karri waggles her eyebrows, licking her lips. “Tell you what, since it’s your birthday, I’ll let you have Robbie.” 
I shake my head, crossing my arms. I don’t feel like celebrating anymore and am ready to ask her to take me home. “You’ve slept with him and now you want me to have sex with him?” 
“It was just casual sex.” She shrugs. “It’s your special night. You deserve a guy who doesn’t have the anatomy of a Ken doll.” 
I’m so angry, I’m seeing red. “You know what, Karri, just take me home.”
“Hell no, I’m not taking you home!” she screeches and then gives me the once over.  
“Fine, I’ll call a sorority sister.” I slip my phone from my purse.  
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Karri snatches my phone. “I saw you give Jackson the ring. You’re single now. Live a little.” 
My nerves are rattled and I hug my chest tight just to still my shaking hands. I want to close my eyes and count to ten in an attempt to calm down, but I’m afraid to let my guard down for one second with those two horny hounds panting on the other side of the car door.
“Screwing drunk, greasy guys isn’t my idea of living.” 
I narrow my eyes and get a good long look at the girl I’ve been calling my best friend for the past fourteen years. I see the dark circles under her eyes, her once vibrant complexion beneath a smattering of red freckles now pale and worn. The longer I stare at her, the more her upper lip twitches. If I confront her, she’ll try to blame her current condition on baby Ty, but I know better. Karri is back on drugs. Why the hell am I still her friend? 
“Fine. We’ll go dancing,” she says, pouting. She nods to the creeps still hovering outside. “They are not going to be happy with me.” 
“I’m sure you’ll make it up to them later,” I say while rolling my eyes. 
She rolls down her window and tells them we have to go. They’re swearing and punching the air. I squeeze my fists tight as a tendril of fear coils around my neck and snakes down my spine.  Karri does the smart thing for once and puts the car in drive, despite nearly running over greasy guys’ feet. They’re still swearing when we pull out of the parking lot. She mumbles something about needing to change her baby puke shirt, but, thankfully, she doesn’t turn the car around. 
Even though I end up getting my way this time, I realize Karri is the wrong friend for me. I’ve been foolish to cling to the memories we shared as kids, when we are clearly two different people now. I’ve been putting up with so much crap from so many people for so long. Maybe I shouldn’t stop with Jackson. Maybe it’s time to eliminate more people from my life. 


Chapter Three

“Karri, something’s wrong with your car.” I peer over her dashboard, squinting against the light from the beams of oncoming traffic. Vapors rise from her hood, first a light grey, then white. This is so not good. 
Karri leans forward, makes a face and then shrugs. “It’s humid outside.” 
Could she really be that stupid? “No, it’s smoking.” I point to a nearby gas station. “Pull over.” 
As she’s pulling in, I sink in my seat and curse myself for listening to my mom and wearing a skimpy-skirt and fuck-me-pumps. This is not the best side of town to be dressed like a whore. I’m fairly certain most girls dressed like me are charging by the hour.  
We park next to an empty pump beneath the glare of the overhead lights. The smoke gets thicker and it’s starting to smell up the cab. I don’t know a whole hell of a lot about cars, but I fear her engine’s blown. 
She grasps her cropped hair by the roots as her mouth hangs open. “Shit. What happened?”
I lean over and peer at her dash. Two alarm bells go off in my head. First, her oil level gage is on empty, and second, her check engine light is glowing red. Crap. “When was the last time you got an oil change?”
“Um, never.” She rolls her eyes. “I can’t afford a mechanic.”
 I’m sure she’s had the money to get her car serviced, but spent it on drugs or beer instead. I glare at her, shaking my head. “You’ve had this car like two years.” 
She waves me off with a flick of the wrist. “Robbie looked at my car last week and said it was fine.” 
Karri probably exchanged a blow job for second rate car service. I realize that not only is my friend a slut, she’s a stupid slut. This doesn’t sit right with me, and I think again that maybe I should reconsider this whole friendship. 
“You’ve probably blown the engine,” I grumble as I slip my phone from my little purse. “I’m calling a tow truck.” 
“No, you’re not,” she says, snatching my phone before I can dial. “I can’t afford it.” She sets my phone aside and pulls her cell out of her pocket, punching a name from the top of her history. “I’m calling Robbie.” 
Oh, how nice. Karri has her druggie friend on speed dial. 
I turn up my chin before snatching back my phone. “I’m not riding with him. I’ll have Grace pick me up.” 
Karri makes a face as she holds the cell to her ear. “That stupid sorority bitch?”
“She’s always nice to you,” I say, irritated by Karri’s jealousy.  “She bought Ty a high chair.” 
“I don’t need her charity.” Karri turns and mumbles something into the phone. I’m assuming greasy guy has answered her call for help. 
I fire off a text to Grace and she answers me right away. Luckily, she’s down the block at Dylan’s Rodeo Dancehall. She says she’ll be by to pick me up in ten minutes. Good thing because the toxic smell in the car is getting worse. Bad neighborhood or not, I can’t sit in the Sentra another second longer. 
I get out and inhale deeply. Luckily, the misting rain has stopped, even though the warm air is thick with moisture. I walk toward the entrance to the station. Neon lights flash through the window, advertising cigarettes and soda. I scan the pumping stations and the darkened parking lot and repress the urge to shiver as a few men standing around the store gawk at me. One guy has the nerve to whistle. Knowing he’ll head toward me if I make eye contact, I look away and quicken my pace.
My gaze tunnels on the door to the store. I’m almost inside where I can wait for my ride, in what I hope to be a somewhat safe environment.  I’m moving so quickly now, I practically barrel into the guy coming out the door. 
I gasp and step aside, nearly colliding with his broad chest. “Excuse me.” 
I don’t know what force of nature compels me to break my “no eye contact” rule. Maybe it is his heady musk, or the warmth radiating off his frame, but when I look into his eyes, I swear I nearly wet my pants. The guy is gorgeous. Warm chocolate eyes, thick lashes, flawless tanned skin, marred only by the slightest bit of stubble on his square jaw. Black hair cut short frames his angular face. And that mouth, so full and sensual, my traitorous lips part as if compelled to kiss him. 
When he looks down at me and smiles, I know I’m done for. My knees weaken and the heat rushes through me and spreads like wildfire. Damn me for acting the love-struck fool and smiling back. 
His sensual lips part and I think, Oh, gawd, this is it. You’re about to totally violate your anti-slut protocol and make out with this random stranger. I don’t even have the strength to tell myself I’m acting like an idiot. 
He leans toward me, and before he gets the chance to kiss me, he points to something just beyond my shoulder. “Do you girls need help?”
His deep, rich voice startles me, but not as much as the fact that I was about to kiss a total stranger—a stranger who’s obviously not interested in kissing me back. 
I turn toward Karri. She’s slumped against the driver’s side door and sobbing into her hands. Well, don’t I feel like the total bitch? 
My sexy Latin stud brushes past me, the click of his cowboy boots ringing across the pavement as he walks toward Karri. He’s a soldier. I can tell by his rigid, uniform stride, although his cropped hair should have given it away.  Karri’s brother is in the Marines, and he’s got a similar stiffness in his gait. I follow this guy, even though my legs are almost useless, weakened by my stupid crazy hormones. 
“Uh, oh,” he says as he circles the car. 
It’s still smoking, and I worry maybe Karri should back away, even though I’m pretty sure cars only blow up in the movies.  
Karri looks at him through wide, watery eyes, and something flashes in her gaze. Oh, yeah, her slut sonar must be on high alert. I can’t say I blame her. His physique is just as impressive from the rear. His jeans mold to that ass perfectly, and even through his striped linen shirt, I can see the outline of a man in prime condition. 
Karri wipes her eyes with the back of her hand. “My stupid car broke down.” She pouts and bats her lashes while thrusting out her generous cleavage. 
“It’s not the car that’s stupid,” I say before I have the chance to stop myself. I slap my hand over my mouth. What the heck is wrong with me? But as I watch my friend slant me a dirty look and then turn a big smile on the stud, I know exactly what’s wrong. I’m being territorial over a guy, which is weird, because I’ve never been that way before, not even over Jackson. And for some odd reason, money grubbing hos are always throwing themselves at him.  
“Mind if I take a look?” Stud muffin asks, but he’s already inside the car popping the lever. Smoke pours from the engine when he lifts the hood. 
I take several steps back because the fumes are unbearable. Karri screeches and stomps a foot. He surveys the damage, and when he frowns, the tendons in his neck flex beneath his stiff shirt collar. Damn. I imagine the muscles beneath that shirt are even tighter. Double damn. 
I cross one leg over the other, balancing awkwardly as I try to quell my raging hormones—that is how hot and bothered I am over a guy. I have the sudden wild notion that fucking some random stranger on my birthday might not be such a bad idea. 
Passers-by stop and gawk at Karri’s smoking wreck. I steal a sideways glance at a few of the men who filter into the gas station parking lot. I then regret my decision, as it seems some of them are staring at me and not the car. Judging by their unkempt clothes and hair, they are either transients, drug-dealers, or both. I curse myself for not stuffing my little can of mace in my purse. If I had known I was going to walk out on Jackson and end up in the slums, I would have. I guess I figured Jackson’s breath was deterrent enough for any would-be muggers. 
Some of the smoke clears and the stud has rolled up his sleeves. He’s got this look on his face like a doctor prepping for open-heart surgery. His eyes are dark and intense, his spine and shoulders stiff, which is a stark contrast to me, considering my whole body feels like a bowl of jelly. I wonder if he’s got a girlfriend, which is stupid, because I just got out of a serious relationship an hour ago. I’m pretty sure there’s supposed to be some sort of cooling off period before I jump the bones of the nearest sexy cowboy. 
“What’s your name?” Karri asks, sidling up to him. Her eyes are roaming the length of his hard body, and I can tell she’s clearly not interested in the outcome of her car. 
“Andrés, miss,” he says as he nods and holds out a hand. He pulls his hand back when he notices it’s covered in grease. “Sorry,” he murmurs before grabbing a few paper towels from the dispenser above the gas pump. 
While Andrés is busy cleaning his hands, Karri turns to me with a wink before she yanks down her tank top so her boobs are practically spilling onto the asphalt. 
This pisses me off. Strength returns to my wobbly legs as I stiffen my shoulders and march up to her. I shoot her a look that I know would melt steel, a look that says, I saw him first! To my surprise, she actually pulls her tank top back up, flashing a sheepish grin.
“I guess since it’s your birthday,” she mumbles.  
“Hey, Andrés,” she calls to the stud in a sing song voice. “You know anything about cars?”
He smirks as he wads up the paper towel and throws it in a nearby trashcan. “I’m a mechanic.” 
And just like that, a balloon pops in my chest and my raging hormones fizzle. A mechanic? What would my mother do if I told her I dumped Jackson for a mechanic? She’d probably disown me, that’s what. 
I guess it doesn’t matter, I tell myself, since Andrés isn’t showing any interest in me, anyway. He’s scowling at Karri’s steaming hunk of metal. When he looks back at Karri, I see the pity in his gaze. I think of a surgeon who is about to tell a family he failed to save their loved one. 
“What is it?” she asks. Her shoulders slump and she’s no longer smiling. 
“It’s your engine,” he says in a grim voice.  
“Oh, shit!” Her hands fly to her mouth and her eyes widen. “Is that bad?”
I want to slap my forehead, but I hold still. I don’t need to state the obvious that Karri is an idiot when she does a good enough job of it on her own. 
He looks at her for a second like maybe she’s joking, but when Karri gives no sign to indicate she isn’t a total moron, he grimaces. “Yeah.” Then he motions toward the darkened street behind us. “I work at a shop down the road. If you want, I can call a tow truck and look at it there.” 
“No, thanks.” Karri vehemently shakes her head. “I can’t afford a mechanic.” 
“Karri,” I say, “Robbie is not going to fix this.” 
She scowls and waves me off. “Just go wait for your friend. And have a happy birthday, Christina.” I can tell by the tone of her voice, what she really means is, “eat shit and die, bitch.” 
 I march back toward the convenience store. I don’t need Karri’s attitude. I get enough from Jackson and my mother. Dammit, it’s my twenty-first freaking birthday! Tonight is supposed to be one of the most fun and memorable nights of my life. But it’s not fun. It’s not memorable. It blows big time. I’m zero for two right now. Maybe I should ask Grace to take me home and call it a night. I don’t think I can handle any more drama. 

* * * 

Andrés
I try hard not to stare at the oddball girl named Karri as she yells at her boyfriend through her cell phone. Based on bits of their conversation, she hasn’t changed the oil in the car in over two years, and the boyfriend has failed to take care of it as well. 
I eye Karri while I wait by the gas pump. She has several bruises down her arms, a huge stain on her skimpy tank top, wild pink spiked hair, and an even wilder look in her eyes. Her voice has a slight rasp to it, and she walks with jerky movements. I have a hunch that the reason she couldn’t afford a mechanic was because whatever money she had was most likely used to buy drugs. 
I think of the user’s petite friend, Christina, who’d stormed into the gas station to wait for her ride. I wonder what brought two completely opposite girls together.  Christina doesn’t strike me as a druggie, at least I hope not. I’ve been wrong about girls before, but Christina seems different than the others. For one thing, she’s been wounded, and though she tries to hide her pain, I can read the traces of fear and doubt in those pretty green eyes and beneath the mask of her frozen smile. I’ve spent enough time with wounded vets, both physically and mentally, to spot the signs of emotional trauma.  Though she carries herself with her chin held high, she trembles when she speaks, and she can’t seem to maintain eye contact. I think Christina has been a victim of abuse. 
Just the thought of anyone hurting her fills me with rage. I shake my head, trying to clear my thoughts. She’s just another girl. You’ve been gone too long and you just need to get laid. 
But I know I’m lying to myself. There’s something different about Christina, and though that little voice in my head warns me I’m not ready for anything more than a one night stand, my feet propel me toward the convenience store. I’m determined to find out more about her. 

*  * *
 
I storm inside the store, nearly tripping over the threshold in these stupid heels. The clerk sits behind the counter on a low stool. His stomach bubbles over his belt like it’s made out of pudding, folding over on itself several times, until reaching his man-boobs, which I’m pretty sure are two cup sizes bigger than mine. He glances over the top of his comic book just long enough to scowl at me. 
I hurry past the rows of candy bars and snack shelves, some of which look ready to topple, as the flimsy particle board holding them together is buckled in several places.  As I make my way toward the back, I wind up in the beer and wine section. For such a cramped and run-down looking shithole, their selection is pretty extensive. I turn a slow circle, feeling somehow like I’m going to suffocate within these walls of beer cases. The sad thing is I still haven’t purchased a beer with my real ID. My thirst for liquor has dried up. Luckily, nobody else is inside the store. I send a text to Grace to message me when she gets here. There’s no way I’m going back outside.  
“So it’s your birthday?” 
I gasp as I look up to see Andrés standing between two dilapidated candy shelves. How had I not noticed he’d come into the store? He walks forward, his boots clicking on the grimy tiles. He slants a smile at me as he joins me inside the beer fortress. 
“Yeah.” I shrug, feeling the blush creep into my cheeks and unable to do anything about it.  Mechanic or not, the boy is smokin’ hot. Images of random stranger sex flash through my mind.  
“Happy birthday, Christina,” he says. I love the way my name rolls off his tongue and sends a ripple of heat across my skin, like pouring warm chocolate fudge over cool vanilla ice cream .
“How’d you know my name?” I ask as my pulse quickens. I also love that he says my entire name and not some made-up shortcut. Christina. Not Teenie, Tina, or Christy, I think. The name on my birth certificate. The name I wish everyone would call me.
His smile widens, revealing two perfectly white rows of teeth. “I heard your friend call you Christina. It’s a beautiful name.” 
“Thanks.” Even though I consider myself a relatively fun loving person, my smile feels contrived. That’s when I realize I’m in trouble. This guy unnerves me. I force myself to break eye contact, missing his warm chocolate gaze almost instantly. I focus on the first thing that catches my eye, his gleaming silver belt buckle. 
This is a very bad idea, because my gaze instinctively travels lower, and I notice the bulge beneath his zipper. Despite the fact that my back is chilled from the refrigerated wine section behind me, I feel a bead of sweat on my temple.  
“This isn’t the best side of town,” Andrés says to me, in a voice that carries a note of concern.  
I pull my gaze from his crotch and nod. My head bobbles maybe a bit too hard, and I feel like my brain is stuck in an earthquake. “I know.” 
“I’ll wait with you until your friend gets here.” He takes a seat on a beer display, never taking his gaze off me. 
The chill from the fridge causes me to shiver. My nipples feel so hard, they could probably cut glass. I resist the urge to look down and confirm it. I realize they’re probably already poking through my lacy bra and sheer dress fabric. Knowing Andrés is getting an eye-full mortifies and excites me at the same time. Still, modesty forces me to cross my arms over my chest.  
“She was at Dylan’s,” I say, trying to sound casual and not all hot and bothered, “so it shouldn’t take long.” 
“That’s where I was going,” he says as he motions toward his boots. “Maybe I’ll see you there.” 
Weird, how just a few moments ago, I didn’t feel like celebrating anymore. Now I’m thinking about dancing with Andrés at Dylan’s. I’m not a very skilled dancer, but I can follow someone else’s lead if I have a good enough partner. I wonder if Andrés is a good dancer. I wonder how it would feel to have his rough denim pressing against me.   
My knees wobble at the thought. I look down at my stupid stilettos and realize I’m not dressed for dancing. 
“I don’t have my boots,” I say as my lip turns down in a pout.  
 “We’ll slow dance. Come on, Christina.” My name slides off his tongue in a sensual purr. “It’s your birthday.” He jumps down from the beer display and bridges the distance between us in a few easy strides.
Having Andrés this near me sends a jolt straight up my spine. My flesh buzzes and I feel it all the way to the core of my body. He smells like leather and spice, and right now the only dancing I want to do with Andrés is between the sheets. 
I am not a whore. I do not have sex with random strangers, I say to myself, but my libido isn’t listening. 
There’s a sparkle in his eyes that makes him not only incredibly sexy, but irresistibly cute. “Have some fun,” he says as he leans forward, much too forward. 
He crosses the line into my personal space. I could easily lean up and kiss those full lips of his.  
“Maybe I’ll go,” I say, unable to resist Andrés’s boyish charm, or the heat radiating off his virile body. My phone buzzes, and I realize my ride is here. “There’s Grace.” I motion toward a nearby window. I can hear the distant melody of “Tornado” by Little Big Town, which has been Grace’s theme song for the past year, ever since she decided to ditch guys and, much to her parents’ dismay, exclusively date girls. 
“I’m gonna make sure your friend has a ride,” he says. “I’ll see you at Dylan’s.”
Much to my relief, and disappointment, he turns and walks out the door. 
It takes all my willpower not to melt into a puddle of goo all over the floor. I stagger outside toward my ride, barely feeling my legs as they propel me forward. Shit. I haven’t even had a drink tonight, and I’m already drunk on lust. 


Chapter Four

“Do you want to dance?” 
Oh, gawd, not him again.  I roll my eyes as Little Big Hat Dude taps on my shoulder, vying for my attention. The guy’s been bugging me off and on for the past half hour. He’s at least five whiskeys past sober. With that gigantic hat weighing down his little head, I’m fairly certain I could kick him with my heel and watch him topple, hat first, over the rail and onto the dance floor. 
I square my shoulders and look directly into his beady, foggy eyes. “No.” 
“Why not?” he slurs.
I heave a frustrated breath. “I’ve already told you ‘no’ three times.”
A wide grin splits his narrow head in two, revealing a missing front tooth. Bar fight, no doubt. Somehow, I suspect Little Big Hat Dude was the instigator. 
“You know what they say, fourth time’s the charm.” He winks hard before grabbing my wrist.  
“That’s not how the saying goes.”  I shake off his grip and reach for my beer bottle, preparing to smash it across his face and bust some more teeth. 
He shrugs, totally indifferent to the fact that I clearly don’t want him near me. “I can say it however I want.” Then he has the nerve to hold out his hand. “Do you want to dance, or what?”
“Fifth time.” I groan. “No.”
His lip turns up in a snarl, and I’m reminded of Grace’s vicious little Chihuahua who growls at me whenever I sit too close to her. 
“Stuck up bitch.” He storms away and goes on to the next girl, who doesn’t waste time in turning her back on him. 
I sip my beer and sigh into my drink. What am I thinking expecting Andrés to meet me here? Images of Karri offering him sex for service swirl through my head and almost blur my vision. If she fucks him, that is it. I will be through with her for good. Not just a few months like the last time she pissed me off. I absently check the time on my phone. Grace brought me here an hour ago. Yeah, Karri is fucking him. Damn. 
In vain, I scan the dance floor for Grace. After buying me two rounds of drinks and begging me to dance with her, she finally left me to sulk on my barstool and ran off with some rodeo chick. I haven’t seen a sign of her since.   
Another tap on my shoulder.  I’m so aggravated by this point, I seriously prepare to unleash my fury on Little Big Hat Dude as I clutch my beer bottle and spin around. My breath stills, and then I breathe out his name. “Andrés.”
The dim lights overhead do nothing to diminish his masculine beauty. He fills those tight jeans to perfection. The top button of his shirt is undone, revealing the slightest bit of chest hair. His cropped hair is now covered by a black Stetson, but even beneath the brim of his hat, I can see the sparkle in those dark eyes. I never thought a man could be so beautiful, but he’s like a Spanish Adonis.  
“Hey, birthday girl.” He flashes that devastating smile. “Sorry I’m late. It took a while to get your friend’s car out of there.” 
I swallow a knot which wedges itself in my throat, as I slowly lower the beer bottle. My hands are shaking. “You were really nice to help her,” I say, pretending as if I give a shit about Karri, which I still kind of do, even if I’m aggravated with her. 
I know while Andrés was helping her, Karri was probably flirting with him big time. She can’t help being a slut. It comes as naturally to her as breathing. Or doing drugs.  
“I couldn’t leave her stranded,” he says as he waves down a waitress. “That boyfriend of hers doesn’t have a clue.” 
“Karri has lousy taste in guys,” I say, heaving a sigh. The sigh is meant to show my exasperation with my friend, but really, I’m trying to release some nervous energy, even as the smell of his spicy cologne snakes around my senses and threatens to turn me into a limp puddle of goo. “I don’t know what I’m going to do with her.” 
He arches a brow. Just one. It dips beneath the shadow of his Stetson, and I think it’s the sexiest look ever. “She been your friend for long?”
“Ever since we were kids,” I say. “We took different paths after high school, and we’re two totally different people now.” I try to make that point clear to him. I’m not like Karri.  I don’t want him to think I’m stupid enough to never change the oil in my car. More than anything, I want Andrés to respect me.  I don’t want him to treat me the way Jackson treats me, the way my dad treated me.  
A tall blonde waitress walks up to him. She’s got a tray full of Coronas with lime wedges attached to their tops. My mouth waters. 
“She’s lucky to have you as a friend,” Andrés says as he hands the waitress a twenty and takes two beers off the tray.  
He reaches across me, and the feel of his large, warm body so near me sends my senses reeling. He sets down a beer and then hands my old bottle to the waitress. 
“So how old are you today, mija?” He asks as he takes a swig from his bottle. 
A blush creeps into my cheeks. I’ve heard Spanish speakers use “mija” as a term of endearment. I regain my composure long enough to answer. “Twenty-one.” 
His eyes widen. “Wow. Special night. How come you’re sitting here with me?”
I laugh. Sexy and funny. Jackson would have never made such a joke. He always pretends I should be flattered he picked me out of his throng of money-grubbing admirers. 
“I  just broke it off with my fiancé,” I say, while trying to shake off dark memories of fart breath, sex and puking. I am so ready to move past Jackson. So ready. I realize the only reason I’ve clung to this failing relationship so long is because of my mother.  But too bad. I take a long drink of beer, before swiping my hand across my lips. It’s my life. Time to live it how I want. Or so I keep telling myself. I only hope my resolve will still be strong tomorrow after the beer buzz has worn off. 
Andrés is looking at me. I read the uncertainty in his gaze as he holds himself ramrod straight. “Why’d you break up?”
“He treats me like shit,” I say. Then I avert my gaze, realizing I’ve said too much. I don’t want Andrés knowing I allowed a guy to treat me like a door mat. If he thinks I’m strong, maybe he’ll know better than to treat me like shit, too. Maybe he won’t be like other guys. “I don’t want to talk about him,” I say as I look at Andrés. I tilt my chin and do my best to put on a brave face. 
Andrés takes a step back, smiles, and holds out his hand. “You want to dance?”
I can’t help but smile. “Yes, but I’ve had a few drinks and I’m a bit wobbly.” I point down at my heels, which have become the bane of my existence. I make a mental note to throw them in a dumpster as soon as I get my hands on a decent pair of shoes. 
 “It’s a slow song,” he says and nods toward the dance floor. 
I follow his gaze, to the couples clutching each other tightly while slowly moving to the rhythm. I hadn’t noticed the music changed.  It’s an old song by Rascal Flats, something sappy that always makes me want to pull my hair out by the roots. Maybe it’s because it’s hard to identify with a song that talks about romance and forever, but I think I can enjoy this song with Andrés. 
I tentatively give him my hand, and he pulls me to the floor. He wraps his arms around me as if holding me is second nature. I let out a slow breath as I force my stupid nerves to calm down. I’ve always hated being short. With these heels, I’m barely five foot six, but as I lean into his hard chest, pressing my head against his shoulder, I think we fit perfectly together. 
Another slow song, by Carrie Underwood, follows. I wind my arms around Andrés’s waist, relishing the feel of him. 
He leans down, his breath a hot whisper in my ear. “Christina, I’m usually not this open, but when I met you at that gas station, I thought you were the prettiest girl I’d ever seen.” 
My heart soars as my brain seizes on that thought. Okay, he obviously likes me. Awesome! 
“I’m not usually this open, either, but…” I pause as I bite my lip, silently cursing myself for being so stupid. I’m about to say too much. I’m about to make Andrés think I’m a total slut. And I’m not. In fact, Jackson is the only guy I’ve ever been with. Well, the only guy I’ve ever offered myself to willingly.  
“But what?” he asks me. 
I close my eyes and try to channel the Christina from earlier this evening. The Christina who speaks up for herself and tells people exactly how she feels. Even though what I want right now is very, very bad, that voice inside me is telling me to take it. I open my eyes and I can see the lust in his dark gaze reflecting back at me. I know he’s feeling exactly how I feel. I steel my resolve and summon the courage to speak. “I want to go home with you.” 

* * *
 
We start taking off each other’s clothes before we even make it inside his apartment. I’m pretty sure my underwear has sprung a leak. There is no way I could possibly be this wet over a guy. As soon as he closes the door behind us, he lifts my skirt and strokes me with the smooth pad of his finger. I want to melt all over him. 
Somehow, we find our way to his bed and tumble onto the mattress in a tangled heap. My dress is gone. My bra has been undone. I gasp as his hands knead my breasts before he gently pinches each nipple. He wets one finger, then another, and then rubs his saliva into my hardened tips. I gasp again, and more moisture saturates my underwear. Then his hands move down, across my abdomen and then lower still. 
Thank God I waxed this morning. 
He tugs on the thin fabric of my panties, so I lift up my bottom and let him remove them. The curly hairs of his chest gently chafe my hardened nipples as I press into him. I relish the feel of it, a real man grinding against me.  But I want to feel more than just Andrés’s chest hair. I want to feel all of him, especially that one thing, inside of me. 
I reach for his pants zipper and growl. It’s already been undone, and his hard length throbs beneath my touch as I wrap my hand around it.
“You’re big,” I moan into his mouth. 
He chuckles against my lips but doesn’t say a word as he strokes my sensitive cleft, coaxing more moisture out of me and causing me to swell to the point of agonizingly painful pleasure. At some point he pulls back, and I hear him pulling off his jeans and ripping open a wrapper. I wait for him to slip on the condom.  He’s back on top of me, lifting my legs over his shoulders. 
As the head of his penis circles the edge of my clit, I read the hunger in his eyes, the desperation. I feel it, too. I spread my legs wide, wanting so badly for him to be inside me. 
He closes his eyes, the muscles in his powerful neck and shoulders flexing as he slowly slides inside. It’s exquisite torture. I want him to stop. I want him to go on. He fills me completely, sliding all the way in until the head rests against the depths of my swollen channel. I’m already on the verge of a powerful climax. 
This, I think to myself, is exactly how sex should feel. This is what I’ve been missing. Those are the only coherent thoughts I can muster before Andrés slowly pulls out of me. 
I cry out, digging my nails into his tight ass. “Don’t stop!” I beg.  
He holds steady and then kisses me, his tongue moving across mine with long, languid strokes. Then he pulls away and trails kisses down my neck and between my breasts, stopping to flick his tongue across one nipple, then the other.  
I moan and run my fingers up his back and through his thick hair, cursing, as he slides farther out of me.   I grab his ass again, digging into his flesh. He responds with a low chuckle, and then thrusts forward, hard and deep. He picks up tempo, sliding out and thrusting in. I scream as the first climax grips me, seizing my womb like a vise. 
But Andrés doesn’t stop battering my swollen channel, causing wave upon wave of euphoric pleasure to pulsate through me. I hear him groan and then he stills. His hips spasm as I feel him throbbing inside me. 
He collapses beside me and then pulls me into his embrace, kissing my face and neck and whispering sensual words. I recognize a few like “mija” and “amor,” and I berate myself for taking American Sign Language instead of Spanish. I relish the feel of his warm, strong arms, of the heady thrumming in the core of my body as it spreads outward, all the way down to the tips of my toes. I sigh against his chest as my arms and legs go limp. I am more content and more satisfied than I’ve ever been in my life.
I wonder, as I close my eyes and nestle against him, is this what random sex with strangers is supposed to feel like, or do Andrés and I share a special connection? If so, I never want it to end. 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Chapter Five
Andrés

No nightmares. For the first time in over a year, I don’t have a single bad dream. Maybe I was too exhausted after making love to Christina. Maybe I had a bad dream and don’t remember. Or maybe, I am finally ready to start living again. Either way, of one thing I am certain: last night was the best night of my life. Christina was amazingly responsive to every touch and kiss and she sensually arched her back and moaned whenever I took her full breasts into my mouth. 
I try not to think about the way she squirmed beneath me last night. I don’t want to get too distracted and burn Christina’s breakfast. I hope she likes bacon and eggs. I didn’t think to ask her when I heard her stirring in my bedroom this morning. I pour another cup of coffee while I flip the eggs. I’ve never made a girl breakfast, and I hope I’m doing it right. More importantly, I hope she’ll stay longer than breakfast. All afternoon if I can talk her back into my bedroom. And then maybe she’ll be willing to stay one more night. 
I have to know if Christina is responsible for chasing away my nightmares.  Because if so, then maybe I am ready for something more with a girl. That nagging voice in the back of my head tells me I don’t deserve her. I don’t even deserve to be alive, but I do my best to push that voice back. My uncle has been telling me I deserve happiness. My Army doctors and family priest have told me I deserve happiness. Maybe just once I’ll let myself believe it. 

* * * 

I open one eye, and then the other. Daylight filters into the small room. I’m lying on top of a bed with disheveled sheets. My nostrils flare as I inhale a heavenly scent. Bacon. Someone is cooking bacon. 
Bacon?
I shoot up as I survey my surroundings. My mom is a vegetarian. I am definitely not at home. 
Omigod! I had sex with a random stranger!
Memories from last night come flooding back to me. We’d drunk beer. We’d danced. We’d fucked. Oh, gawd, did we fuck! Twice, and then we’d slept for a few hours and he roused me with oral sex. The best damn licking I’ve ever had. We’d fucked again. I lost count of my orgasms. I seriously lost count. 
And here I was, waking up in his bed. It had to be well past breakfast time, but Andrés…Wait, was that his name? Yes, Andrés. I remember moaning it several times last night. Anyway, Andrés must be cooking bacon. 
I shift uncomfortably, feeling the soreness between my thighs keenly as I swing my legs over the side of the bed.  Ouch. I remember now. My Latin lover was built like a stud horse. No Ken doll anatomy to complain of. He definitely wasn’t “just right” (ahem, code for small dick). He was hung so very well, and he filled me, stretched me, so much that I am sore and bruised inside. But damn, I would do it all over again if I could. 
But I couldn’t, could I? This had to be it. Just a one night stand. No exchanging phone numbers. No second dates. Because I remember Andrés told me he was a mechanic. My mom would disown me if I brought home a blue collar guy. She will be angry enough to learn I’ve broken my engagement. 
My gaze sweeps the cramped room. It’s sparsely furnished but clean with a small computer table by the window, a nightstand by the bed, and an old dresser, the top of it lined with several framed pictures. I recognize Andrés’s boyish grin in a portrait of a Hispanic family, a middle-aged couple with four sons. Andrés looks to be no older than ten. 
In the next picture, Andrés is in camouflage, holding a very big and scary-looking gun while leaning against a large truck tire.  He is surrounded by several other men with guns. The gleam in their eyes speaks volumes. They are proud and determined defenders of our country.  I guess my hunch was right when I figured he was in the military. Though he is a mechanic now, he still carries himself like a soldier. 
I heave myself out of bed. My clothes and purse have been placed in a neat little pile on the nightstand. How thoughtful. If it had been Jackson, he would have left my stuff on the floor. I grab my things and hobble toward the bathroom. It’s small as apartment bathrooms go, but it’s got good enough lighting that I can see how terrible I look with smudged makeup and wild hair. Ugh. Unlike at Jackson’s condo, I don’t have spare makeup or clothes here. I don’t even have a toothbrush. 
I need to find a way to make myself look presentable before I go out there and face Andrés, but first I need to get a ride out of here. There’s no way I can allow Andrés to take me home. What would my mom say if she saw me in his truck? She’d probably die of a heart attack. I fire off a text to Grace.
I had sex with a random stranger! Come get me!
Much to my relief, she answers back right away. Where are you?
The Whispering Oaks Apartments off East 32nd.
Be right over, she answers. 
I breathe a sigh of relief as I set my phone on the narrow counter and slump over the sink.  Grace is such a reliable friend. I remind myself she’s my new go-to girl whenever I’m in trouble. Screw Karri and her sleaze-ball fuck buddies.
I wet a washcloth and wipe myself down. I don’t want to take a shower here and linger any longer than I have to. I plan on enjoying a long, hot soak in the tub when I get home. I slip into my clothes, wincing as I slide my feet into my heels. My toes are cramped and my arches ache, but I have no choice but to deal with it until I get home.   
There’s a brush on the counter. I quickly run it through my hair and then I wash off my smudged eyeliner with a bar of soap. I’d rather have no makeup at all than look like a hung-over raccoon. I squeeze some toothpaste onto my finger and rub it across my teeth and gums. After sloshing it around a few times, I spit into the sink and then clench the sides of the counter while I look at my reflection again. 
Not so bad, I decide. Luckily, my lashes are naturally thick and dark, and my complexion is relatively clear when I’m not getting my monthly visit from dear Aunt Flo. 
I have a tube of pink gloss in my purse, and I apply a thick layer to my lips. At least now my face has some color on it. This is the best I’m going to look under the circumstances, so I inhale deeply, slowly exhale, and try my best to shake off a wave of nervous energy. I can’t stay in this bathroom forever. My only consolation is that Grace will be here soon. I can march into the kitchen and explain to Andrés that I have to wait for my ride. I’ll go stand in the parking lot until Grace gets here and then I can put this one-night-stand behind me. 
 Because that’s what I want to do, right? Put this night behind me. I can go home to my mother, explain I broke it off with Jackson, and promise her I’ll work on finding a suitable rich boyfriend to take his place. 
Yes, it’s for the best. Besides, Andrés was probably only looking for a one-night-stand, too. He doesn’t want to tie himself down to a girl who just got out of a serious relationship. A girl who has been taught since childhood that the only guy who can make her happy has a seven figure income and several vacation homes.   
I take several more deep breaths. Despite my trembling hand, I force myself to open that door and walk out of the bathroom with my head held high, as if last night was really no big deal. As if casual sex with random strangers is all the rage, and I’m a total pro at fucking guys I don’t know. 
Andrés is sitting at a small table in a breakfast room beside the compact kitchen. He is sipping coffee and scrolling through the newsfeed on his iPad. When he looks up at me with warm chocolate eyes and one corner of his mouth hitches up in that sideways grin, I think my heart will melt. 
There are platters of bacon, eggs and toast spread out on the table, and an empty plate in front of the chair facing Andrés. 
He stands and grabs a mug off the table. “Good morning, mija. How do you like your coffee?” 
My mouth falls open, and I don’t know how to respond, not to the question, but to his act of kindness. Did he really make this big spread just for me, or does Andrés eat these huge breakfasts every morning?
“Cream and sugar,” I say, swallowing back a lump which has lodged itself in my throat.  
Andrés goes to the coffee pot on the counter. He’s got his back to me, so I exhale a shaky breath as I slump into the vacant seat. Considering all we shared last night, I have no idea why the boy is unnerving me now. 
Jackson has never made me breakfast. He can’t even pull himself out of bed until after I brew the coffee. I wonder why Andrés is being so nice to me, and then I’m suspicious that he must want something, which I know is wrong. I should just trust that he’s a nice guy. That maybe he’s trying to show his appreciation for last night. It was an amazing night after all. As the memories creep back, I feel a flush in my cheeks. 
Luckily, he’s still got his back to me as he stirs my coffee. 
I lick my parched lips, realizing how much I would like some warm, liquid caffeine to steady my nerves.
He crosses over to me and hands me the cup. It’s large and blue with a chipped rim. The words “Cruz Auto Body and Repair” are engraved into the side in bold white letters. Even as vapors rise from the mouth of the cup, I take a sip, relishing the taste of the warm, sweet cream on my tongue. 
“Mmmmm,” I say, smiling up at him. 
But that’s all I manage to say, because honestly, I’m at a loss for words. After what we shared last night, I’m not sure I can start up a conversation about the weather or political unrest in the Middle East. So I sip some more and smile. 
He sits across from me and scoops food onto my plate. I look down at the pile of bacon and then at the scrambled eggs, which have been cooked with onions and tomatoes. He’s even set out butter and jam by the toast. 
My shoulders slump when I realize what this all means. 
Damn. He must like me. 
Just then my phone buzzes in my purse. I’m relieved to see it’s from Grace. She’s waiting in the parking lot. I look over at Andrés, who’s eyeing me intently. 
“My ride’s here,” I say and flash an awkward smile. 
“Your ride?” he asks, looking stunned. 
“Yeah.” I shrug and slip my phone back into my purse. I struggle with what else to say. How do I end this? Thanks for the fuck. It’s been fun.  
But as he continues to stare at me, his mouth hanging open, and the silence stretching between us, an uncomfortable ache settles in the pit of my stomach.  
That’s when I realize I might actually like this guy, and I feel like a total heartless bitch for leaving him this way. “I’m sorry,” I say. “I didn’t want to bother you…” Total bullshit, and I’m hoping he doesn’t see through my lame ass excuse. “…so I texted my friend to come get me.” 
He doesn’t say anything but I can see the spark in his eyes dim as his smile fades. “Okay,” he says, but the way he says it makes my heart ache even more. Then he gets up and takes my plate to the counter. 
My legs wobble like bowls of Jell-O as I slowly stand and push the chair behind me. He doesn’t say a word as he bends over the counter and scribbles something on a piece of paper. 
I fight the urge to run for the door and make a hasty escape. This moment is awkward and heart-wrenching at the same time. Damn me for thinking I could have sex with Andrés and come away emotionally unscathed. I’m trying really hard to push back images from last night, but I can’t escape the memory of his soft kisses along my collarbone and breasts, or the sensual Spanish words he whispered into my ear while tunneling into my body. 
I clench my hands by my sides while repressing a shiver. And I keep thinking what I wouldn’t give for one more night in Andrés’s arms. 
He turns to me, his eyes dark and cloudy, and he tugs on my wrist. He pries open my fingers and hands me the paper. “It’s my cell number,” he says. “Call me if you want to.” Then he backs up a step and holds out both hands. The light in his eyes is totally gone now. “No pressure. It’s just I…” He averts his gaze for a moment and the muscles in his neck and shoulders tense up while he grinds his teeth together. “It’s just I really like you.” 
I bite my bottom lip as I look down at the paper. Andrés Cruz and a phone number. 
“Okay,” I say on an exhale, feeling like a balloon has popped in my chest. I like you, too, I think, but I don’t dare say it.   


Chapter Six

I’m not ready to go home yet. Luckily, Grace is famished after her wild night with the rodeo chick, so we pull into an IHOP. Truth be told, I’m hungry, too. It’s amazing how much sex can work up an appetite, especially considering that during the past few weeks with Jackson, sex has had the opposite effect. 
Grace orders a huge stack of chocolate chip pancakes. I order eggs, toast, and a double serving of bacon.  It’s not until after the waitress walks away that I realize it’s pretty much the same breakfast Andrés made for me. My food can’t come fast enough, and I place my hand over the hollow ache in my stomach while downing a tall cup of coffee, heavily loaded with cream and sugar. 
“So?” Grace is peering at me over the rim of her juice cup, lifting her pale eyebrows like she knows I’m harboring a dirty little secret. She’s wearing the same clothes I saw her in last night, which means she didn’t go home, either. Amazingly, her blonde hair is swept up into a neat ponytail and her makeup looks flawless. Then I realize Grace’s one-nighter probably had cosmetics in her bathroom. 
“So what?” I ask, averting my gaze. She wants to talk about Andrés, and I don’t know if I’m ready to dredge up memories from last night. I shift uncomfortably in my seat as I cross one leg over the other. My panties feel sticky and I’m really in need of a shower. 
Grace sets down her glass and lays both palms flat on the table while staring me down with twin lasers. “How was it?”  
I bite my lip and lean back in my seat. I shouldn’t be talking about this. It’s best if I just put Andrés out of my mind for good, but Grace is still staring at me, so I finally heave a sigh and relent. “Amazing.”
Her lips twist into a subtle smile. “No barfing?”
“God, no,” I exclaim as I set down my drink and rub my hands down my face. “He was perfect. Absolutely perfect.”
There. I said it. Andrés is perfect. Which means I’m a total idiot for walking out on him this morning. I could have taken a shower in his bathroom, feasted on mouth-watering bacon and then spent all day having more mind-blowing sex. Instead, I’m pining over Andrés while dreading the moment Grace will take me home to my overbearing mother. 
Grace leans forward as her eyes narrow to slits. “So why’d I have to come get you?” 
I pick up my coffee and frown into the mug, choosing to focus on the swirling cream rather than look my assessing friend in the eye. “You know my mom.”
“You know how everyone thinks I became a lesbian because I was fed up with guys?”
 I glance up. Grace is still looking at me with that determined expression. “Yeah.” 
“That’s not why I’m a lesbian.” Grace slants a smile before biting on her bottom lip. “I’ve always had a thing for girls. Always. I just could never show it because I knew my parents would freak.” 
I remember Grace’s parents did freak. Even though they live five states away, they cut her off financially, demanding she admit her thing for girls was just a phase. When Grace refused, her parents drove to campus and took back the car that was still in their name. Luckily, Grace had funds saved up, a small inheritance from a great aunt who died last year.  She bought herself a new car, took on more hours at work, and has been supporting herself ever since. 
I wonder if my mom will be as irate when I tell her I’ve called off the engagement. I shudder when I think how far my mom will go to try and get me back together with Jackson. I know she’ll stop at nothing to make sure I marry into one of the richest families in Texas. 
“It’s my goddam life, Christina,” Grace says as she pounds her fist on the table. “And I’m tired of doing what everyone else wants me to do. It’s time I live my life the way I want to, and you know what? One day you’re going to have to do the same. If you like this guy, then go for it.” She leans over and stabs her finger in my chest. “This is your life. Not Jackson’s, not your mom’s. Yours.”
Much to my relief, the waitress shows up with our food. Grace and I don’t talk during the meal. She’s very serious about me living my life the way I want. Message received. Luckily, she’s also serious when it comes to chocolate chip pancakes. She digs in, occasionally stopping to shoot me a pointed look. 
Despite the knot of tension which has coiled around my neck and shoulders and the lead ball which has settled in my gut, I devour my food, stopping only to reflect on our conversation. 
I think back to the Christina who asserted herself with Jackson and broke off the engagement. The Christina who asked Andrés to take her home. I think maybe I can do this. Maybe I can tell my mom to back off and let me live my life. I remember the piece of paper Andrés slipped into my hand this morning and smile. 


Chapter Seven 

We’ve lived in this house for nearly ten years, four-thousand square feet of wall-to-wall white. White furniture, white carpets, white tile floors. I should be used to mom’s obvious derision for color, but every time I walk through the door, I feel blinded.  Something about my home just doesn’t feel like home. Maybe it’s because I know I can’t touch anything, for fear I might break it. I’m even afraid to leave a butt dent on her white sectional sofa. My bedroom is the only room in the house which I decorated. Up until I turned fifteen, it was my sanctuary, but the room has too many bad memories in there now. 
Most days I tiptoe through my house like I live in a museum. I feel the need to tiptoe around my mom’s moods as well. She’s like one of her crystal vases, pretty to look at, but don’t dare touch her or she may break. And once she breaks, picking up all the pieces is a bitch, which is why I cringe when I see her. I wonder if Jackson has called and told her of our breakup.  
“There you are!” Mom waves her skinny arms wildly at me when I walk through the front door. She’s wearing a peach rayon skirt and a black rayon top, cut low enough to reveal abnormally large and perky breasts, compliments of her favorite surgeon, the same guy who shrunk her nose and engorged her lips. The same guy who tucked that loose skin beneath her chin all the way behind her ears. “Take a shower and get dressed. Hurry up.” She shoos me with the tips of her manicured fingernails like she’s trying to get rid of a stray dog.   
“Mom,” I groan as I slump against the mahogany door. “I’ve got a hangover.”  
I guess I should be happy she doesn’t seem to know about the breakup, but I’m in no mood to go anywhere with my mother.  
She turns up her chin while sweeping a hand over her auburn coiffure, as if she’s checking to see if a single strand has fallen out of place. Not likely with the heavy duty can of hair sealant she sprays on her head each morning. 
“Do you know what day it is?” she asks me pointedly. 
I heave a frustrated breath. Of course I know what day it is, but I refuse to acknowledge her question, because then I’ll have to acknowledge him when all I want to do is climb into bed and sleep. She’s still glaring at me, so I choose a response that will add a bit of color to her cheeks. 
“The day after my birthday?” I bat my lashes, feigning stupidity.  
She plants both fists on her hips while rolling her eyes. “Don’t be so selfish.” Her tone drips with guilt, a technique that is second nature to her. “We’re going your father’s grave. “
I push off the door and fold my arms across my chest. This can’t be happening. The man plagued me in life. Is it too much to ask that I not have to put up with his bullshit now that he’s dead? 
“Mom, you know I hate cemeteries,” I say, regretting the whine that slips into my voice. Whining never works on my mom. If anything, it makes her more determined to get her way.  
“I don’t care. You’re going.” Her eyes bulge but the rest of the tight skin on her face barely moves, making her look more frightened than angry.  “All of the sacrifices he made for you, the least you could do is show him this little bit of respect now that he’s dead.” Her lips twist into a scowl, and I wince because I know what’s coming next.  “Considering how you treated him when he was alive,” she adds. 
Brava, Mother. Nothing like a heaping spoonful of cream and a few cherries to go on top of that guilt-trip sundae.  
“Fine.” I brush past her and march upstairs to my room.  
“Take a shower,” she calls.  “You smell like booze.”
I imagine her words are a verbal knife, and she’s having a fun time twisting the blade into my back as I walk away. 
 
* * *

Andrés
“Andrés, what are you doing here on your day off?”
I set my toolbox down and smile at my auntie as she wraps me in a tight hug. I still can’t get over how much she’s changed during the four years I’d spent overseas. After a lifetime of raising four boys, cooking, cleaning, and taking care of everyone but herself, she’s finally put some of the family money to good use and hired a housekeeper and a personal trainer. She’s had a bit of surgery, too, though I pretend not to notice. She’s had the lines around her eyes minimized and the loose skin beneath her chin tucked up a bit. Not so much she looks like a piece of warped plastic, like some of the other wealthy older women I’ve seen. 
Still, whenever she smiles up at me and cups my chin in her hand, I’m reminded she is the same sweet auntie, or Tia, as I like to call her. This woman has been more than just an aunt to me. She’s been my mother, too, having raised me after my own mother died of a drug overdose when I was only six. Though I’ve never known my father, Tio has been more than a father to me. I couldn’t have asked for a better family and a better childhood, which is why I still feel guilt over my rebellious teenage stage. This is why I have to do whatever it takes to make it up to my family , considering all the sacrifices they’ve made for me. 
I kiss my auntie on the cheek and then pick up my toolbox. “Tio said your shower isn’t working.” 
She wags a finger and clucks her tongue. “You worked twelve-hour shifts all week. You must take a break.”
I repress a groan. Ever since I’ve gotten home, my family has been coddling me, thinking if they push me too hard, I’ll need to go back to that military shrink. What they don’t understand is when I stay busy, I don’t have time to dwell on the past. 
I shrug, trying my best to plaster on an impassive expression. “I don’t mind. Besides, I’ve got nothing else to do.” For some strange reason, an image of Christina’s pretty green eyes flashes through my mind. I would have had something to do if she’d stayed. 
Damn. 
I have the feeling I’ll be thinking about her all day. I struggle to put memories of her out of my mind. I’ll probably never see her again, anyway, so no use dwelling on the past. She’s just another one of life’s casualties. 
“Come on,” my aunt says. “Tio was supposed to fix it weeks ago.” 
I follow her up the winding staircase with intricately carved cherry oak banisters, a recent addition to their two-story sprawling ranch home. Though my aunt and uncle can afford to build a lavish mansion, auntie has refused, saying she’d never tear down the home where her children were raised. Instead, they remodeled and expanded, until this once-modest house on six acres became a large manor on four hundred acres. Over the years, Tio built a pool and horse stables where he breeds prize racing studs. They’d even added a pond and cattle. Yet, despite all the changes, I haven’t felt more at peace than when I come home to the same two loving people who raised me. 
I follow my auntie into her bedroom. A huge four poster bed sits in the center. Light filters into the room from twin French doors that lead to a spacious patio overlooking the beautiful Texas hill country. Even from the second story, I can see the tops of the shady oak trees that surround the house like a fortress. 
Double doors lead to my auntie’s oversized bathroom. I walk across the earthen Spanish tiles and past the centerpiece of the bathroom, a marble Jacuzzi, toward the shower. I laugh when I see the door is off its hinges. I heard the story from my cousins; Tio was so angry after stubbing his toe in the shower, he’d taken it out on the door. 
“Tio at work again?” I ask as I put down my tools and examine the shower door.   The hinges were ripped off the slate, but I can fix it. I’m almost positive my uncle has extra tiles in the garage. 
“Yeah.” She heaves a groan and rolls her eyes. “Always at the paint shop. Another artist quit yesterday. I’ll be glad when he retires and turns all these shops over to you boys.”
“I won’t.” I wince.  My family has been bringing up Tio’s retirement more and more lately.  For some reason, my uncle has decided he’s going to split up all twenty businesses between me and my three cousins. I can’t help but feel guilty over taking my uncle’s offer. I have tried to argue with my family, but my aunt and uncle, and even my cousins, insist I get an equal share of the inheritance. I only hope when my uncle does finally retire, I’ll be able to live up to my family’s expectations. Five successful businesses, plus a large bank account to support them seems overwhelming to a guy who has just come back from war and is still dealing with the loss of his best friend. Besides, I still don’t know if I deserve to be rewarded. 
“Don’t worry.” Tia squeezes my arm and looks up with soft brown eyes.  “You just got home. Give yourself some time. You’ll learn the ropes. After you fix the shower, we’ll have lunch. How does that sound?”
“That depends.” I smile playfully at my aunt.  “Will there be tamales?”
“Of course,” she says with a note of awe in her voice before cupping my cheek in her hand. “Anything for my hero.” 
My chest tightens as I watch my aunt walk out the door. I hate how they always call me a hero, especially when I don’t feel like one. Heroes are supposed to save the day and get the girl. Because of my carelessness, my best friend is dead, and I can’t even make a girl breakfast without scaring her away. No, I’m definitely not a hero. 

* * *

It takes me less than a half hour to shower, do my makeup, and get dressed, which is obviously still too long of a wait for my impatient mother, who is huffing and puffing when I come down the stairs. Ironically, she has no problem making others wait two or more hours while she performs her daily ritual of primping, plucking, and concealing. 
I’m aggravated because I think my mom’s whole mourning thing is total bullshit, a way for her to get sympathy as the grieving widow. My mom never cared about my dad when he was alive. Why is she so concerned about him now?
The car ride takes forever. We have to stop off at three different flower shops until mom finds the right bouquet, one that truly captures my dad’s essence.As if his corpse cares what the damn flowers look like. It’s not like he’ll get a chance to smell them in hell. 
I drank a few too many beers last night. I rest my head against the passenger window and try to take a power nap while she drives, but my mom keeps going on about some country club friend of hers whose husband was caught sleeping with a twenty-three-year-old intern. I don’t care how the divorce proceedings are going or how much of a settlement this woman is entitled to. All I care about is this throbbing vein above my temple and a growing need for my warm, cozy bed with Egyptian cotton sheets.
The sheets were a gift from Jackson’s step-mother, the only sane person in his family and the only family member of his I’ll miss. One thing I know for certain, I won’t miss Jackson. The more I think about this breakup, the more I realize it was a long time overdue.  
We pull into the cemetery, and I shudder when I see a funeral is taking place just beyond the gate we’ll need to pass through to get to Dad’s tombstone. 
We make a hasty entrance. I follow Mom’s lead, trying not to look at the crowd of mourners. Just my luck, it’s starting to mist again, and I feel like the gloom from the overcast day settles inside my chest like a thick haze. I really don’t want to be here. Lots of people are crying, and I don’t know why, but it breaks my heart. I don’t even know these people. I shouldn’t have feelings for them. 
Mom hangs back and walks beside me, nudging me in the ribs. “Did you see the widower?” she asks. “He’s not bad looking.”
I roll my eyes. “Mom, I’m pretty sure this isn’t the right time to be shopping for your future husband.”
She shrugs and continues walking. Honestly, there are days when I wonder if I wasn’t adopted, or maybe sired by aliens and switched at birth. If so, I hope my alien parents will come get me soon and save me from this hellish life. 
We finally come to my dad’s plot, and I glare at his tombstone, wanting so badly to take a hammer and bust it to pieces. Nobody consulted me when they decided to engrave the stone with “Beloved Father,” because if I had been asked, I would have added a few choice modifiers to his name, like asshammer, douchenozzle, pedophile, and rapist. 
My mom places the flowers on his grave, bows her head, and whispers a few words. I can’t hear what she’s saying and I don’t care. I just want to get the fuck out of here. The mourners from the funeral are still sobbing. I can tell whomever they are crying over is worthy of their tears. I assume the person who died was nothing like my father. 
Damn, I hate visiting my dad’s grave.  
My heart swells with regret when I think of him. I’m not so upset he had a massive heart attack the day after my eighteenth Birthday. I’m more upset he never got a chance to apologize to me for what he’d done. 
I’d have to carry those painful memories from that fateful night for the rest of my life, wondering why he did it, why he blamed me, and then why he went on about his life like nothing happened. 
And now it’s too late to ask him why, because he’s dead, hopefully rotting in some dark shithole.   If I could travel back in time, I’d tell my dad to think about the consequences before deciding to sneak into my room in a drunken stupor. I’d tell him nothing could undo the emotional and physical scars I now carry with me after he took my virginity when I was only fifteen. 
But I can’t travel back in time. I can’t undo what he’s done, so I scowl at his tombstone while my mother silently weeps beside me.  Out loud, I tell my dad to rest in peace. Inside, I tell him I’ll never forgive him. 
Never.

* * * 

“So what did you and Jackson do last night?” Mom is dabbing her eyes with an embroidered kerchief while clutching the steering wheel with her other hand.  
“Huh?” That “huh” was a knee-jerk reaction. What I really mean to say is, “Mind your own damn business.” Honestly, I don’t want to talk about what went on between Jackson and me, not now, not ever. But because Jackson and my mom have this strange little friendship, namely, they like to call each other and complain about all of my flaws, I know she’ll find out eventually, and I guess I’d rather she hear it from me than him. 
“Did he take you out to that nice Chinese restaurant?” Mom asks with a dreamy sigh in her voice. 
I glare at her. “You knew about the restaurant?”
She sets down her handkerchief and flashes her best condescending smile. “He called me yesterday and told me his plans.”
Okay, now I’m pissed. “You know I hate Chinese food.” 
“Oh, pshaw.” Mom waves me away with a flick of the wrist, as if nothing I say matters. “Did you see the prices at that place? Easily a hundred a plate. For that much money, you can learn to like it.” 
I blow out an exasperated breath. I’ve been thinking of the best way to break it to my mom, but suddenly I don’t give a shit about her feelings. It’s not like she cares about mine. 
I turn up my chin and flash my own condescending smile. “I broke it off with Jackson.” 
Mom’s hand flies to her chest. “Pardon?” she says in a breathy voice, looking as if she’s about to pass out. “I didn’t hear you.”
She must have taken her foot off the accelerator because the car starts to slow down. 
I fold my arms across my chest and center my gaze out the front window, watching other cars speed past us. “I broke up with him. Gave back the ring.” 
The car swerves, and I grab the door handle, praying that all the airbags in mom’s luxury car still work. 
“Christina Marie, that is not funny.”
But her eyes just about pop out of her head when she looks down at my bare engagement finger. The car swerves again, narrowly missing a pickup truck beside us. The driver lays on the horn and speeds up.  
Even though my stomach has practically launched into my throat, I hold my ground. “I’m not joking.” 
She angles her body, her eyes more on me than on the road. “Have you lost your mind?”
“No, but you have. Pay attention to where you’re driving!” I holler. 
She gasps and faces forward, but not before I witness a look of horror in her eyes. I know what she’s thinking. How could my darling, obedient girl use that tone of voice? She’ll probably need several extra weeks of therapy after my outburst. 
We ride the rest of the way home in stony silence, which suits me just fine, but as we pull into the circular drive of our two-story upscale home, a lead ball settles in the pit of my stomach, because this silent treatment is just the beginning of something far worse. I’ve seen the extent of my mother’s wrath when other people have angered her. Up until this point, I’ve always done what I’ve been told. I cringe when I think just how far she’ll go to make me pay for my defiance. 

* * * 

I wake up to a blinking cell phone. No surprise there.  I had turned off the volume because I knew my friends wouldn’t let me get any sleep. I stretch a cramped arm and pick up the phone, surprised to see it’s already six o’clock. I’d slept almost the whole day, although considering my wild night, I know I needed the rest. I scroll through my messages. Five voicemails from Karri’s mom and three texts from Jackson. I ignore the texts. Whatever the hell he has to say, I don’t care. 
Karri’s mom, on the other hand, I can’t ignore. The woman is a saint, the kind of mother neglected, unloved kids like me have fantasies about. It pisses me off that Mrs. Peterson is Karri’s mom. Karri doesn’t deserve her. She deserves a mom like mine, one who is selfish and spiteful, just like Karri. 
The first few voicemails, Mrs. Peterson asks if I know when Karri is coming for Tyler.  She sounds concerned because she has church at eleven and Karri isn’t answering her phone. The next two messages, Karri’s mom says she took Tyler with her to church and he cried during the service. Would I let Karri know she has bridge club at six-thirty and she’d like to spend time with her friends? The final message, Karri’s mom actually sounds frantic. Do I know if Karri is okay? She hasn’t heard from her daughter all day. She goes on about all the weirdos in Karri’s apartment complex and how she fears for her daughter’s safety.  
The images of two particular weirdos flash in my mind, Karri’s greasy fuck buddies, and probably her drug dealers as well. Karri has to be back on meth. That would explain why she doesn’t have the funds to change the oil in her car when she makes good tips bartending, especially considering the tight tank tops and pushup bras she wears on the job. 
Poor Mrs. Peterson. She deserves a better daughter. Now she is stuck with Tyler, when I’m sure she needs a break. The woman isn’t in the best health, and I know Tyler can be a handful. He’s just learned how to crawl and is into everything. 
I dial Mrs. Peterson, not surprised when she answers on the first ring. 
“Karri, is that you?” she cries into the phone.  
I’m fairly certain Karri’s mom has caller ID, but she doesn’t know how to use it. 
“No, Mrs. Peterson.” I sigh. “It’s Christina.”
“Have you seen Karri? Is she okay?” Even through the receiver, the woman’s fear is palpable. 
“I saw her last night,” I say, hating to be the one to tell her the bad news. Mrs. Peterson has already taken on so many of her daughter’s problems. “They had to tow her car. The engine blew up.”
“Oh, damn.”
Wow. Karri’s mom rarely swears, and I feel terrible for upsetting her.  
“I’m sure she just needs a ride.” I do my best to sound upbeat, even though I feel this sinking feeling in my gut. Karri has to be back on drugs. “Do you want me to go get her?” 
I instantly regret my offer. The last thing I want to do is go to Karri’s apartment, but I feel partially responsible for my friend’s fuckups. Maybe because the last time Karri was doing meth, I did the stupid thing and helped her conceal her addiction, not to protect Karri, but to protect Mrs. Peterson. I knew the poor woman would keel over if she found out. Karri had promised me she’d quit, and like an idiot, I believed her. 
“My bridge club will be here in a half hour,” Mrs. Peterson says, and there is no mistaking the desperation in her voice. 
“Okay. I’ll come over and get Tyler,” I say. I make no promise to take Ty to his mother. If Karri wants her baby, she can come get him. Besides, if she’s back on meth, I don’t want to leave the baby in her care, anyway. 
“You wouldn’t mind?” Mrs. Peterson’s tone is a mixture of relief and despair. 
“You know I love Ty.” I’m already slipping on a pair of jeans as I scan the room for my flip flops. 
“You are such a dear girl,” Mrs. Peterson says through a sigh. “I don’t know what we’d ever do without you.”  
And there is the reason I haven’t broken off my friendship with Karri. Because no matter how badly she pisses me off, Ty and Mrs. Peterson depend on me. This, of course, makes me resent Karri even more. In a way, I resent myself, too, for standing by and doing nothing while she makes a mess of everyone’s lives. 


Chapter Eight 

A half hour later, I pull into my driveway with a strawberry-haired, pudgy-faced infant in the back seat. He’s sleeping, so I decide to let the car idle a while. If I try to move him, he’ll only wake up and proceed to throw a tantrum. My mom would freak if she saw how his car seat digs into the pristine leather of my expensive guilt-mobile. 
Yes, that’s right, a Lexus RX my dad bought for me for high school graduation. I wasn’t expecting it, not after the money they were shelling out for college, and not after my dad’s secretary embezzled millions and almost bankrupted his company.
But I guess after nearly three years of feeling like shit for raping me, my dad finally caved and bought the Lexus. Maybe he thought I’d forgive him when he came home with the shiny silver SUV.  As if a material thing can make up for him violating not only my body, but my mind and spirit.  
After the rape, I went through a total transformation. I withdrew, not just physically, but mentally, from the world. I dropped out of my school clubs and stopped hanging out with my friends, preferring solitude to the company of others. In fact, I would have abandoned all of my friends if Karri hadn’t hounded me. She was the one person I let in, and the one I finally confided in. 
I just didn’t have the strength to face the world, not after what I went through. I close my eyes and try to shut out painful memories of that night, but the images still plague me, raping my mind, just as my dad had once done to my body. After he’d rolled off me, he slapped me across the face and told me it was my fault for dressing like a whore. I remember scooting against my headboard and crouching in a ball, blood dripping down my thighs and smearing my sheets. I shivered as the fan above me chilled my nude flesh, but I was too terrified to reach for a blanket. 
I remember the hurt, confusion, and fear that had welled up inside me. I didn’t know I’d been dressing like a whore. Even though I was a high school sophomore, I still let my mom pick out my clothes. She had insisted, saying she had a better eye for the current fashions. 
But my dad had told me I was asking for it by wearing low-rise skinny jeans and tight T-shirts. After he stumbled out of my room and left me sobbing into my pillow, dark thoughts tormented me. I thought maybe he was right, so the following week I opted to wear oversized shirts and heavy jackets. I brushed my hair forward so people wouldn’t see my face. I was afraid if people noticed me, they might see the shame I carried, or worse, they might want to rape me, too. 
Every night I double-checked to see I’d locked the door. I even wedged a chair beneath my door handle for good measure.  I didn’t want to take any chances of being molested again.  
 My clothes continued to get bigger, and I barely ate as I withdrew from the world more and more. The change in appearance distressed my mom to no end. As the months dragged on, my dad kept repeating that I was just going through a phase. Never once did he let on what he’d done. 
Karri knew the truth. I carried feelings of inadequacy and guilt like a noose around my neck until Karri convinced me to snap out of it. It wasn’t my fault, she kept telling me. Finally, one day, I believed her. 
That was the day I decided I’d no longer punish myself for what my dad had done to me—I’d punish him instead. I treated him with cold indifference until he died a year later.    
A tap on my window startles me, and I look up to see my mom standing outside my door, hands on hips, giving me the death stare. I hear a soft whimper behind me before it turns into a loud wail. 
No doubt the Wicked Witch frightens Tyler, too. 
After I unstrap Tyler’s seat from the car, Mom gives me the once over and turns her gaze to the baby in my arms, scowling at Ty like he’s a case of the plague.
From day one, Mom has made it perfectly clear she doesn’t like Karri’s baby. She refused to go to Karri’s baby shower. All the times I’ve babysat Ty, she wouldn’t come within ten feet of him. 
“It’s not the baby I despise,” she once told me. “It’s what your stupid friend has done with her life.”
“It’s not Ty’s fault,” I’d told my mom. “You could at least be nice to him.”
“Why should I?” Mom pouted. “And encourage your friend to breed more bastards?”
“News flash, Mom. Karri doesn’t care whether or not you approve of her lifestyle.” 
But nothing I said ever worked on my mom. She was determined to hate this poor, defenseless baby, all because he wasn’t conceived by the right parents.

* * * 

Tyler and I play upstairs in my bedroom so my mom doesn’t have to be offended by his “obnoxious giggling” and “strange baby odor.”
I keep a little basket of toys in my closet for Tyler’s visits, so he crawls after a windup toy until he becomes bored, and then he giggles at a few hand puppets I made for him in one of my art classes. I have to keep redirecting him because he desperately wants to topple my easel and paints. 
We play like this for a half hour until he finally tires us both out and rests on my bed with a bottle. I build a fortress of pillows around him so he doesn’t roll off.
When he finally falls asleep, I get a text from Karri. Mom says you have Tyler?
How do I respond to her message? No, I sold him on eBay. 
Cruel, I know, but she deserves it after neglecting her child for an entire day. 
Ha, ha! She texts back. Robbie is bringing me to get him. 
Every muscle in my body tenses up when I think about that greaseball inside my house. I don’t want him to know where I live. 
Oh, please, she responds. I imagine her rolling her eyes through the phone. It’s not like he can’t use Google to find you.
He’s not allowed in my house, I answer back. 
Don’t worry. He doesn’t like snakes. By snakes, she’s referring to my mother, AKA The Spitting Cobra, a name Karri pinned on her years ago.  Be there in twenty, she adds. 
I set down the phone and crawl across my bed to Tyler. His cherubic little mouth has fallen open and the empty bottle lies askew on the pillow. I wipe a drop of milk off his cheek and kiss his forehead. Poor guy. I worry about him going home with Karri. I worry he’ll be neglected if she’s back on meth. A lead weight sinks in my stomach when I realize I must confront her when she gets here. I can’t let her take him home unless I’m sure he’ll be safe. 
I lie down beside Ty and gently drape my arm across his little body as I turn my gaze toward the pale pink canopy of my four-poster bed, the bed I begged my mom to buy me after my dad’s death. 
I remember seeing it in the department store. My mom told me it reminded her of a princess bed, and I begged her for it, even though all those pink frills were a little too girly. Actually, I thought the bed was hideous, and I still do, but I have never been raped in this bed, and I sink into its cozy, pillow-top mattress. 
The billowy comforter envelops little Tyler like a cloud, and I smile as his nose twitches and he lets out a soft sigh. I wish there is some way I can protect him from the monsters outside this room, because I know they’re out there. I lived with one for eighteen years. It terrifies me to think of who could hurt Tyler, too. 


Chapter Nine

I hear loud rumbling as a truck pulls into my driveway. Karri’s fuck buddy is here. My mom will be pissed when she sees him. Whatever he’s driving, sounds like it’s missing a muffler. I scoot off my bed and rush to the window. 
Oh, God. The truck is even uglier than it sounds. I do a double-take at the paint job, which isn’t a paint job at all, but rusty primer. The monster tires are balding on the sides, and the truck is missing a tailgate and the front fender. Probably the only thing of value is the booming stereo system, which rattles my bedroom windows.  
My mom screams my name from the downstairs foyer, and I know she’s seen the truck. She’s probably terrified that big eyesore will lower the value of our home, or worse, that one of her country club friends will see someone of such low class parked in our driveway. 
I check one more time on the baby before I rush downstairs. Karri is already at the door, holding her finger on the bell. I swing the door open, exasperated when I see she’s popping bubble gum while fiddling with one of the many studs in her earlobe. Her usually spiked pink hair is wild and uncombed, her makeup is smudged, yet she’s wearing this casual smile on her face as if she just got laid. Either that, or she’s still buzzing from the meth. I decide it’s probably a little bit of both. 
“What the hell, Karri?” I snap. 
Her eyes widen and she tilts her head, looking at me as if I’m the one who’s on drugs. Finally, she juts a hand on her hip and narrows her eyes. “What’s your problem?” 
Un-fucking-believable. The girl has to be smoking some serious shit if she doesn’t see what’s wrong with this scenario. 
“What’s my problem?” I growl. “You leave your kid all day. You don’t even bother to call your mom and tell her you’re okay.” I wave toward the hunk of junk defiling my driveway. “Then you show up at my door with that loser?”
She rolls her eyes before pushing past me. “That loser is my only method of transportation right now.” She turns to me with an expectant glare. “Where’s my kid?”
I gape at her. Anger seizes my chest and infuses my skull. 
No “sorry.” No “thank you.” She doesn’t even ask how Tyler is doing. 
“Your kid is sleeping,” I hiss.
“Good,” she says as she marches up the stairs, her heavy combat boots thudding against the hardwood. “Maybe he’ll sleep through the night.” 
Of course, I think to myself. That way you can party without interruptions. 
She’s already scooping him off the bed when I get to my room. Ty whimpers as Karri straps him into the carrier. She makes no effort to comfort her child. 
Why am I standing here watching this when I should be smacking her upside the head?
As she turns to exit my bedroom, I jump in front of her, blocking her path. 
Karri rolls her eyes. “Would you move?” she grumbles. “Robbie is waiting.”
Like I give a rat’s ass about Robbie. 
She tries to walk around me, but I step to the side and latch onto her arm. “How can you do this to Ty?”
“What?”
“You’re back on meth, Karri. Don’t lie to me.”
“No, I’m not,” she says. 
I don’t like how she averts her gaze when I try to make eye contact. 
“Karri, come on,” I plead, hating the note of desperation that slips into my voice. I need to make her understand she’s not just placing her life in danger, but Ty’s, too. 
Karri smacks loudly on her chewing gum while giving me a glare. “Oh, you’re the meth expert now? A girl wants to have a little fun, so she must be on drugs?” 
“Karri, listen to me,” I say, not buying the bullshit that she’s just having “a little fun.” “You can’t be a mom and a meth head.” 
“No shit.” Her voice rises, and Tyler squirms and fusses in his carrier. “I’m not a fucking user. Robbie and I had too many beers last night. I was hung over.”
Oh, I think to myself. That makes it all better. “Getting wasted on beer is bad enough, but I don’t believe you.” 
“I don’t give a shit what you believe,” she snaps as she uses the carrier to knock me out of the way.  
I tumble to the side, but grasp the wall for support and spin around. She’s already marching down the stairs. Fear and rage fuel my movements as I chase after her. “Why didn’t you have the money to get the oil changed in your car?” I call at her back. 
She reaches the center landing with a thud, rattling the carrier in her grip. She turns on me, as I stumble toward the landing. “Um, maybe it’s because I’m a single mom paying for all of Ty’s shit by myself.” 
“Your mom buys his diapers and clothes.” My voice rises along with my ire. “The welfare department gives you formula.”
Her smile thins as she narrows her eyes.  “I pay for his daycare.”
I look down at Ty, who is fully awake now. His eyes are wide and watery and he whimpers while sucking his thumb.  
My head feels like a pressure cooker, ready to explode in a fit of rage. My vision tunnels on Karri. “What is it for an oil change, like thirty bucks?”
Karri averts her gaze as her shoulders fall. “Okay, so I fucked up. What do you want me to say?” she asks in the most pitiful voice ever, as if she’s been victimized by her own stupidity. 
I shake my head. Even though I should feel vindication that she finally admits to screwing up, the disgust I feel for her leaves a sour taste in my mouth. “I should have told your mom a long time ago.” 
Karri’s eyes widen. “Don’t you dare. What kind of friend are you?”
I clench my fists in a lame attempt to hold back my anger, but I’ve had enough of Karri’s bullshit. The pressure cooker inside my brain explodes, and I unleash a verbal assault. “This isn’t about us, you dumbass. This is about what’s best for Ty!” 
 Karri doesn’t even blink. She looks at me with derision in her eyes, as if she knows this isn’t the real Christina yelling. This is that other Christina who’s still learning how to assert herself. That other Christina will lose her momentum and the real Christina will resurface, eager to please everyone and put up with being treated like a doormat. 
“You know what?” she says as her condescending glare travels the length of my body. “I’ve had enough of your bullshit.” She turns and clutches Ty’s carrier to her chest before marching down the rest of the stairs. 
Panic seizes my limbs, and I find myself rooted to the spot, unable to stop her as she reaches the bottom step. “Where are you going?”
“Out of here,” she calls over her shoulder.  
I don’t know where I find the strength to move, but I sprint after her. “Leave Ty with me. You’re in no condition to take care of him.” I follow her through the foyer, determined to stop her.
When she reaches the door, her shoulders and neck are rigid as she grips the handle with whitened knuckles. “You’re not his mom, I am,” she speaks on a low growl, not even bothering to turn around and face me.  
I vehemently shake my head as tears well up in my eyes. “You’re not a mom.  You’re a user.” 
Karri slowly turns toward me. She plasters on a smile that doesn’t mask the hatred in her eyes. “Fuck off, Christina.” 
She jerks open the front door. The big greaseball is standing on the threshold. He’s got this dark look in his eyes, like he’s a bull waiting to charge. And just like that I lose my nerve because the guy terrifies me. 
Karri shoots me this smug look, and then saunters up to the greaseball and hands him the carrier. She stretches out a thin, bruised arm and shoots me the bird before sauntering off. 
When they settle the baby seat in the center of the truck, not even bothering to strap him in, my heart sinks to my stomach. I realize that my friendship with Karri is over. For some reason, that doesn’t upset me as much as it should. But when I think of losing Ty, a blade twists inside my heart. I clutch my chest with one hand while watching them drive off. 
How could Karri do this? How could I let her do this?


Chapter Ten

My mom is standing at the bottom of the stairs, hands on hips, looking ten degrees of pissed off when I brush past her. “What the hell was that about?”
“Nothing.” I heave a sigh as I turn toward her. I know she is still angry with me for dumping Jackson, and Karri’s intrusion is all she needs to rip me a new one.  
Her lips pinch together, and she slowly unscrews her face. I know it takes all of her effort to force a smile. “Jackson called me. He said you’re not answering his text messages,” she says in a haughty tone before looking at me as if I’m Prince, her little Shih Tzu, and I’ve just crapped on the carpet. 
“So?” I say, feigning indifference as I check for imaginary grime beneath my cherry candy-colored manicure. “We broke up, remember?”
Mom’s lips twist again, the rage simmering beneath her plastic veneer. “Call him, Christina. It’s not too late to fix this.”
I roll my eyes to the ceiling. “What if I don’t want to fix this?”
Mom wags a finger at me like I’m an errant child. “You don’t know what you’re saying. Look at what Jackson is offering you. A lifetime of security and comfort. Do you want to end up like that tramp friend of yours? I saw the lowlife in that hideous truck.”
“Just because I don’t want to marry that asshole does not mean I’m going to end up like Karri.” Sure, I haven’t had the best taste in men (Jackson is a case in point) but I’m not a total idiot like Karri. 
Mom clucks her tongue. “How else do you think you’ll end up if you don’t find someone to take care of you? You’re studying art for Christ’s sake. Do you honestly think you can support yourself?” 
 I hang my head in my hands and groan. My mom has never supported my love for art, but when I came home with that ring from Jackson, she said my creativity would come in handy, as refined wives need to show an appreciation of the arts. Other than that, nothing I’ve created has impressed her, not until last summer when Jackson’s family took me to their home in The Hamptons and I was given the chance to paint murals for several of Jackson’s parents’ wealthy friends. She didn’t look at the pictures of my artwork I sent her. She didn’t care that they’d paid me an ungodly amount of money for painting scenic landscapes on their walls. The only thing she cared about was that wealthy people had approved of my art, and their validation meant I’d be accepted into affluent society. 
“Mom, can you just do me a favor and back off? Please.”
“And watch you throw your life away?”
When I look up at her, she’s got this wild look in her eyes. I realize she’s terrified. I suspect it’s because she knows she’ll look bad in front of all her country club friends. She’s been pushing us to set a date, probably so she could brag to her rich friends, no doubt. My daughter has reeled in a big fish, so now I get to rub it in all of your faces. 
Now she’ll have to explain to them that I let my big fish get away. I bite back a laugh. I’m so tempted to tell her I had to throw him back because his penis was under the legal limit, but she doesn’t look in the mood to handle a joke right now, so I opt for the truth. 
“I’m not throwing my life away. I’m actually living my life the way I want to for once.” I turn and march up the stairs. I hear her gasp behind me, and I know she’ll try to follow me to my room and pester me some more. “I’m done talking about this,” I call over my shoulder.
Once I get to my bedroom, curiosity gets the best of me, and I finally check those text messages from Jackson. 
Call me, he writes. No please or would you. It’s a directive. So like Jackson. All business unless he’s trying to get his pecker sucked.  
Next message. Where are you? 
I check the time he sent it. Twelve-thirty last night. I smile as I think back to where I was at half-past midnight. Oh, yeah, I was fucking a hot guy. One who actually had the ability to reach my G-spot without a rubber extension. 
Final message. Not in the mood for games, Teenie. If you want this ring back, you’ll call me now. 
Uh, fat chance, pencil dick, I think as I delete all three messages. I wonder if it ever occurred to Jackson I didn’t want the ring back. Really, could a guy be so thick-headed?
I notice one more message, from Grace, asking me how I’m doing. I fire back that I’m dealing with life and she quickly responds. 
I’m going to Dylan’s. Wanna come?
Dylan’s? Just the thought of going back there makes my pulse quicken. What if Andrés is there again? How will I face him after the way I ran out this morning? I don’t know. I write back. Let’s just hang out at your place. 
I hate myself for being such a chicken. What happened to the Christina from last night, who told off Jackson and made a serious move on a sexy Latin stud? 
And do what, Christina? Sulk? 
Her message makes me pause. She pretty much nailed it. That’s exactly what I’d do. Watch a movie about two people breaking up, drink a few beers, and then pass out on her couch. Sounds pathetic, but I don’t know if I’m ready to face the world yet. It’s not that I’m mourning the breakup. Not at all. I’m just mourning my life in general.  
I don’t know how to answer Grace’s message, but then she fires back another text. 
You need to get out. Come to Dylan’s. I bet your stud will be there. 
My heart pounds so loudly, I can hear the erratic drumming in my ears. What if Andrés is there? Would he ask me to dance? Would he ignore me? I don’t know if I can handle seeing him again.
I realize how pathetic I’m acting. Why am I sitting here mourning my life? Because it sucks. Why does it suck? Because I let my mother and everyone else control my happiness. But I like Andrés. I really do. I think back to last night, and tingle at the thought of his gentle touch, his sensual lips. I want to see him again. I want to feel him again. 
I close my eyes and try to channel that Christina from last night, and I wonder what that other Christina would do. I remember his phone number in my purse, and decide I need to be bold. 
Hold on…I text to Grace. I unfold the paper with Andrés’s number, and despite the trembling in my hands, type a text message. It takes me several tries to get the wording just right, but after staring at my message until my eyes are practically crossing, I finally summon the nerve to send it. 
Hey, this is Christina. Sorry about this morning. Going to Dylan’s tonight. Hope to see you.
I stare at my phone for what feels like forever, willing Andrés to reply, but when I see nothing on my phone, I start to lose hope. Still, I’ve done all I can, so I send Grace a message that I’ll go, and she says she’ll pick me up at nine. That doesn’t give me much time to get ready, so I grab a clean pair of jeans from the closet and hop in the shower. 
Imagine my excitement when I get out and find a message from Andrés. 
I’ll be there. 
Um…wow. I stare at those three words for what feels like forever as I try to interpret their meaning. Is he going to be there so he can see me? Had he already planned on going? I think I’m acting like a psychopath and decide to quit obsessing. I’m going to put on my jeans and boots, make sure my hair and makeup look flawless, and plan on having a fun time, with or without Andrés. 
Hopefully with him. 
As I head out the door, I also decide to slip a compact toothbrush and a spare pair of panties into my purse, just in case things go well with Andrés. I don’t know why, but after I snap the little button on my purse, I cross my fingers. 
After all, something in my life has got to go right for once.

* * * 

Andrés
I stare at my phone in disbelief. 
I’d just returned from a much needed trip to the ranch and am ready to unwind with a few beers and a movie. I hadn’t planned on going to Dylan’s a second night in a row. Heck, I hadn’t even planned on going last night, but I’d gotten tired of my uncle nagging that I needed to get out of my apartment.  
So I’d gone and spent an incredible night in the arms of a beautiful woman, a woman who’d chased away my nightmares, if only for one night. But just moments ago she’d sent me a text saying she wanted to hook up again, which means one of two things: she is looking for another wild night of no-strings-attached sex, or she is looking for something more. 
Truthfully, I don’t know if I’m ready to offer a woman something more. I know I can definitely go for another night of sweet passion and dreamless sleep. And if she runs away before breakfast again, I’ll get over it. That’s what I keep telling myself, anyway. 


Chapter Eleven 

I scan the floor for Andrés. The air is thick with smoke as cowboys and wanna-be cowboys crowd the bar, vying for attention from girls dressed in denim and mini-skirts.  
Rodeo chick is waiting for us in a booth in back. Grace slides in beside her and shares her beer. Soon, they’re touching each other underneath the table, and I try not to notice as I twiddle my thumbs, the awkward third wheel.
 I’m assailed by a memory from the past, a memory from my freshman year in college I’d rather forget. The time Jackson and Karri convinced me to have a threesome. Jackson and I had only been dating a few months when I brought my friend over to meet him. We’d done a few whiskey shots and one thing lead to another. The next thing I knew, Karri was on her knees, rubbing Jackson’s thighs, winking at me and promising us both an unforgettable night. 
Jackson was all for it, but I refused. A few more shots later, and they’d finally convinced me to strip out of my clothes. Honestly, most of the night was a blur, but the few moments I do remember, Karri didn’t seem to be very into Jackson, despite his best efforts to make us both his love slaves. I was so drunk and nauseous I mostly laid there while Karri pleasured me with the toys she’d packed in her purse. 
Oh, didn’t I mention Karri totes a collection of vibrators wherever she goes? I’m pretty sure if I was to Google the word “horny slut bag” Karri Peterson’s name would pop up first.   
Since I’d never looked at a live penis in person before I’d met Jackson, I wasn’t sure, but I suspected Jackson had a small one, especially since I didn’t feel much when we had sex. Also, Karri’s vibrators were double or triple the size of Jackson’s penis. Karri confirmed my suspicion the next morning when I found her flipping pancakes in Jackson’s kitchen while whistling the tune of the Enzyte commercial. From then on, she never let me live it down. She was constantly ribbing me with small dick jokes. 
After that night, Jackson wanted to another go-round, but I told him in order for our relationship to work, I’d have to be the only girl. I felt like a total whore for sharing my boyfriend, and I’m pretty sure that Karri and I pushed the boundaries of our friendship too far. Besides, after the way she made fun of Jackson’s penis, I knew Karri wouldn’t want to have another threesome, anyway.  
Thoughts of Karri make me think of little Tyler, and I feel like ten layers of shit for coming to Dylan’s tonight when I should be checking on the baby. Karri’s back on drugs, and I don’t know what to do. A nagging little voice in my head tells me it’s time to tell Karri’s mom, but I’m afraid of the greaseball. He knows where I live now, and I’m sure he could do serious harm if I cause trouble for them. I wish I could contact Tyler’s father, but I have no idea who he is and neither does Karri. At one point, she had the baby’s daddy narrowed down to three possibilities, but I’ve heard her toss around at least five names. I wonder, not for the first time, why I’ve been friends with her for so long, and it all goes back to her being the only friend who was there for me after my father’s brutality. Even though she’s been a total bitch lately, and a horrible mother to Tyler, I know that right now I should be there for her, too. I just don’t know how. 
At that moment, when dark thoughts threaten to consume me, I see Andrés across the bar. My pulse quickens, and I quickly look away as I try to compose myself. I’m afraid to look up, because I don’t want him to see me staring at him, like I’m some desperate stalker. But truthfully, that’s exactly what I feel like. Not the stalker part, but desperate. I haven’t been able to escape the memories from our love-making all day, and I so want him to take me home again. 
I have to play it cool. I don’t want to come off too strong, too slutty, too Karri. I need to look preoccupied, as if I’m not waiting around for another mind-blowing fuck. 
 I clear my throat loudly, and gently kick Grace who’s whispering something into Rodeo Chick’s ear. When she pulls away, she’s got this gleam in her eyes, and I know they won’t be at the bar much longer.  
“Oh, sorry,” she says as she smooths her hair with a hand. “Were you saying something?”
I can’t speak. I can’t say anything, because he’s already found my table, and his dark gaze is boring into me as he maneuvers around a throng of people and bridges the distance between us. 
When he comes up to our booth, he looks down at what I’m wearing and flashes that devastatingly sexy smile. “Boots,” he says. “I like them.” 
I feel my face flush ten shades of red and I feel like a silly schoolgirl. “Thanks. I can two-step, but I’m still not the best dancer.”
His perfectly sculpted brows dip beneath his Stetson. “You can follow my lead, right?”
I bite my lower lip before nodding. “Yeah. I can follow your lead.” 
I think about introducing Andrés to Grace, but she’s gone back to playing footsies with 
Rodeo Chick, so I grab his hand and let him lead me onto the floor. 
His hand is warm and his grip is strong. I love the way he pushes through the crowd, clearing the way for me. He says, “Excuse me” to a few girls, wearing jeans so tight, I swear they bathed in butter to slip them on. They bat their lashes and smile coyly at him. 
I squeeze his hand harder as I latch onto his arm with my other hand, feeling the need to be protective. It’s either that or slap their slutty faces, but I resist the urge to turn into a psychopath. I have no idea why I’m acting like the jealous bitch. I never cared when girls flirted with Jackson. 
Once we get onto the floor, it’s much less crowded, and I can breathe easier. Andrés pulls me to him, and I take a steadying breath as we make eye contact. Settling one hand on my hip, he leans down and whispers in my ear. “Relax.”
His throaty command and spicy musk do nothing to make me relax. In fact, they set my hormones on high alert.  The muscles in my neck and shoulders tense and my whole body stiffens. He gives me this quizzical look and then this deflated smile. I seriously wish I’d downed a few more beers.  I swallow hard as I stare into his eyes. It’s so hard to relax with him so close. Thoughts from last night swirl in my head, apprehension for tonight causing my stomach to churn. 
He pulls me closer, so close I give in to the urge to press my breasts into his rock hard chest. I sigh when he presses back, his warm breath tickling the nape of my neck. “You ready?” he says to me. 
“Okay,” I hesitantly answer. 
And before I can stop him, he’s gliding me across the floor, and I pour every ounce of concentration into the rhythm of his feet. Quick, quick, slow, slow. Quick, quick, slow, slow. My steps are stilted and jerky, despite the rhythmic way he moves. 
And the boy can move.
The sway of his hips reminds me of the way he ground into me last night, and I swear it takes all of my willpower not to melt all over that dance floor in a puddle of lust.  He continues to push me across the dance floor. I step on his toes a few times and almost trip both of us. I bite down hard on my lip as I try to strengthen my concentration. This should be so easy. Just follow his lead. 
I feel bad for Andrés. He probably feels like he’s trying to sweep the floor with a broken broomstick. This song seems to go on forever. It’s something catchy by Darius Rucker, something I’d ordinarily sing along to if I was inside my car. 
I step on Andrés’s feet a few more times, and then stumble into the couple behind us. I heave a sigh of relief when the song is over, and I want nothing more than to disappear. I’m totally horrified by my performance, and know what my mom’s Shih Tzu, Prince, feels like whenever he gets caught humping the sofa cushions. I can’t even look Andrés in the eye, as I turn and sulk off the dance floor with my tail between my legs. 
Fortunately, or unfortunately, Andrés doesn’t let go of my hand, and once we find ourselves stuck in the middle of the crush of people, he takes over and leads me outside. 
I breathe a sigh of relief once I feel that warm Austin breeze across my face. 
Andrés is leading me through the pot-hole filled parking lot until we get to his navy blue F-150. He turns and leans against the tailgate before pulling me into his arms. “What’s wrong?” he asks, his voice a heated breath in my ear. 
I’m too embarrassed to look up at him, so I stare at my boots instead. I realize they are badly scuffed, and I should have added a coat of polish to them before going out. I rarely wear these boots. Jackson prefers country clubs to country bars, even though I used to beg him to take me dancing. But I guess what Jackson prefers doesn’t matter now. Slowly, I look up at the man who’s got his arms wrapped around me. My heart melts when I see the concern in his darkened gaze.  
“I’m nervous,” I say, hoping he won’t laugh at me for revealing the truth. 
 “Why are you nervous, mija?” 
He strokes the side of my face with the pad of his thumb, and it’s really hard not to be distracted by his electrifying touch.
“I don’t know,” I whisper. “After last night...” I bite my lip, unable to say more as I break eye contact. Why is it so hard telling Andrés how I feel? Why am I so afraid that he’ll judge me? My intuition tells me I shouldn’t be afraid, that he’s not like the other men in my life, but my intuition has been wrong before.  
He gently kneads my neck and back. 
I groan because his sensual touch is just about enough to send me over the edge, and into a drunken stupor of lust. 
“But last night was amazing.” He says that last part with a note of awe in his voice, and I know exactly how he feels.   
“It was.” I look up at him, knowing I take the chance of looking like a love-struck idiot. “I just can’t stop thinking about it.”  
His hands are still on my back and there’s no mistaking the flash of pain in his eyes. “So why’d you run out on me this morning?”
“I don’t know.” I shake my head. “Maybe I was nervous this morning, too.” 
A wave of shame that overwhelms me. I know why I ran out on him: my mother. I was concerned about what she’d think if she saw Andrés bringing me home. I realize now Grace was right. I can’t let my mom dictate how I live my life.  
 “I don’t want to push it. I’ll wait for you to say when.” 
“Huh?” I look at Andrés in confusion. 
“If we started out too fast, we can slow down.” 
“Thanks,” I say, but inside, I don’t want to slow down. I want to speed up, blowing through traffic lights and stop signs, never stopping until I get enough of Andrés.  
 “So is it this fiancé?” I can hear the rising doubt in his voice. “Are you still getting over him?”
“God, no,” I say a little too fiercely. “It’s just, I’ve never had a one-night stand before.” 
He flashes a subtle smile as his eyes soften. “It doesn’t have to be. It can be something more.” 
“What?” I don’t know why I asked him to repeat himself. I heard him clearly the first time. I’m having a hard time believing I heard him correctly. Andrés wants something more than a once night stand… and so soon. I swallow the knot of panic in my throat as I wonder if I have something more to give him.
He’s rubbing my back again and the pressure from his hands feels so damned good. “How about we just take it easy and see where this goes?” He nods toward Dylans. The thrumming bass pours out the door as the bouncer checks IDs. I see the long line of people pressing to get in, and I think I’ve had enough of crowds. Besides, there’s only one person I want to be with tonight. 
I shake my head. “I don’t want to go back in there.”
“We can dance right here if you want.” Andrés motions toward the ground. 
“In the parking lot?” I think about pulling away from him, because the last thing I want is for every bar patron to gawk at us. I made a big enough fool of myself on the dance floor. 
But he’s already wrapping his arms around my waist and rocking his hips against mine. Instinctively, I lean into him, meeting the sway of his hips with a rhythm of my own. It’s not hard to channel that other Christina, because I’m so overcome by lust, my inhibitions are overpowered by need. I don’t hear the music. I don’t see the people I know must be staring at us. All I hear, all I feel, is him. That’s when I lean up and whisper into his ear. “You told me to say when, right?”
“Right.” His answer is a throaty growl. 
“When.”

* * * 

I have to be the world’s biggest idiot. After Christina walked out on me this morning, I raced back to Dylan’s like her little lap dog as soon as she texted me. How pathetic. I can hear Tio’s voice reverberating in the back of my skull. Fool me once, your fault. Fool me twice, my fault. 
I try to tell myself I just want to get laid, but deep down I know that isn’t it.  If I want to get laid, I can take my pick from several of the girls who were sticking their tits in my face just moments ago. Maybe I can even bring a girl home who won’t race out of my apartment the next morning like a bat out of hell. 
But I don’t want those other girls. I want the girl with the angel eyes and hot little body. The girl who moaned into my mouth and matched each thrust while I ground into her. More importantly, the girl who’d chased away my nightmares. That’s the girl I want. 
As if she’s attuned to my troubled thoughts, Christina leans over and laces her small fingers through mine. When she squeezes my hand and smiles, my heart unravels. 
Damn me for falling under her spell two nights in a row. I only hope tomorrow morning will be different. 


Chapter Twelve

The drive to his apartment seems to take forever. I fire off a text to Grace that I don’t need a ride home. She answers back with a ton of winky faces. I’m embarrassed, because I’m sure Andrés has seen them. We hold hands while listening to music. I cross one leg over the other, trying to quell my growing desire while grappling with a range of mixed emotions. 
His words keep echoing through my brain. It doesn’t have to be a one-night stand. It can be something more. 
The prospect of something more with Andrés excites and terrifies me at the same time. He is drop dead-gorgeous and awesome in bed, but there is no way my mother will ever approve of me dating a mechanic, unless he has some secret inheritance I don’t know about. His truck is new, with all the bells and whistles, which probably explains his tiny apartment. I am certain the bulk of his paychecks go to his vehicle payment. 
I ask myself, does it matter that Andrés is a mechanic? I remember when I was a teen, there was this hot mechanic at my dad’s boat dealership. His name was Marco, and he was bronze and beautiful. After the rape, I thought I’d never like a member of the opposite sex again, and then came Marco. I worked at the shop on weekends and after school, air brushing the dealership logos on the backs of the boats. I’d smile at Marco whenever he stopped to admire my work. Sometimes, when my parents weren’t looking, Marco flirted with me, too. 
Then I caught Marco and my mom fucking inside the cabin of one of the showroom yachts. That ended my crush on Marco. I cried for weeks, locking myself in my room and refusing to go back to work. My mom had to have known I had a crush on Marco. She’d teased me more than once for giving him “coy looks.” And yet she thought nothing of using him for an afternoon fuck. 
Dad died soon after. Mom sold the boat dealership, and I never saw Marco again. He didn’t even come to the funeral, which was fine by me. I didn’t think I could face him, anyway. 
And now here I am about to go hook up with my own hot mechanic. The thought of using Andrés like my mother used Marco doesn’t sit right with me. I don’t want to be like her. I’m not a whore. Besides, even though I’ve known Andrés for less than two days, I like him. There’s something in his smile that tells me he’s not like other men. I think maybe I might want to have something more with him after all.

* * * 

After we park the car and walk toward his apartment, I feel awkward. I shouldn’t, but I can’t help myself. It’s a shame, too, because the setting is the perfect backdrop for romance. The night is warm, with a slight breeze. A halo of light from the full moon shines through the billowy clouds, giving them an ethereal glow. 
I usually don’t take the landscape for granted as do most of my friends. I don’t just see another set of clouds and the same old stars. I see a canvas. I clench my fist to quell the tingling in my fingers. I want to paint so badly, but I want Andrés more. 
Even as he’s leading me along, I’m looking over my shoulder at that moon. Finally, I tug on his hand, pulling him to a stop. 
“What’s the matter,” he asks. 
“Nothing,” I say, digging my phone out of my purse. “Just taking a picture.”
He flashes an expectant grin, and I feel kind of bad as I turn my back on him, because I guess he thinks I want a picture of the two of us. I realize I wouldn’t mind a picture of Andrés, preferably one where he’s wearing less clothes, but first I need to capture that nightscape before the clouds disperse.  
“What for?” he says behind me. And damn, the heat of him as he presses into my backside is so distracting, I have a hard time focusing on what I’m doing.   
“So I can paint it later.” I bite my lip as I peer through the small lens of my phone. I’m actually afraid to say too much. I don’t want him thinking I’m crazy. Jackson used to laugh at my obsession. 
  “You’re a painter?” Surprisingly, the tone of his voice is not mocking or degrading.
I turn to him after I finish my last shot. “Yeah.” I shrug, as if my life’s happiness doesn’t pertain to my artistic creations. 
I know I’m a bad liar. Painting is almost as important as breathing, a way to immerse myself in beauty and escape from the ugly realities of life. After the rape, it was my way to disconnect from the world. I honestly don’t know how I could have survived without it. Over the years, I’ve dabbled in several forms of artistic expression, from drawing to digital photography and air brushing. But nothing has brought me more joy and comfort than a paintbrush and a blank canvas. 
Tonight, this moon and clouds have inspired me. After I leave Andrés, I hope I can go home and recapture the night’s beauty. I know it will signify more to me than just another night: a night spent in Andrés’s arms. 
“So, can I see some of your work?” 
The seriousness in his gaze is almost enough to unnerve me. 
Not many people, other than Karri, have ever taken interest in my work. Of course, there were Jackson’s rich friends in the Hamptons, but it is typical of social climbers to pretend to have an interest in the arts when they probably wouldn’t know a Van Gough from a kindergartener’s art project.  
“Really?” I ask, because even though he’s not smirking or laughing, I’m still skeptical. 
“Yeah,” he says. “I had a friend once. He could look at something and draw it. He was amazing.” There is wistfulness in his voice, and as he averts his gaze, I think I see his eyes cloud over. 
I slip my camera into my purse, and then I reach down and entwine my fingers through his. “I’d love to show you.” 
I’m taken aback by the warmth behind his smile. “You got a website? You could show me on my laptop.”
“Um, okay,” I answer hesitantly, as warmth creeps into my cheeks. 
He smiles again and squeezes my hand. Something about the way he’s looking at me kick starts my heart. This wild pounding in my chest feels good, and I don’t ever want this night with Andrés to end. 
This guy seems so genuine. So real. Not like Jackson. 
As we walk to his place, I’m feeling oddly less awkward than before. I don’t know why, but I’m actually giddy. Someone is playing country music from an apartment overhead, and Andrés twirls me once, twice, and a third time before we continue down the walkway. I don’t miss a step. 

* * * 

“I am fucking floored.” 
I’m sitting in a small fold-up chair at Andrés’s computer table. He’s kneeling beside me, gawking at my website, something my mixed-media professor made me put together last semester. He’s scrolling through my portfolio of designs, just random stuff I’ve made over the past few years, including class projects, paintings of seascapes, and a few boat logos I designed for my dad’s dealership. 
“So you just do this for school? You don’t have a job?”
“No.” I shake my head. “I had a summer job, but it fell through.” That’s an understatement. I broke up with my summer job when I dumped Jackson. I was planning on painting more landscapes for his parents’ rich friends.
He comes across the portfolio I dedicated to Tyler, and I think I’m more amazed by the smile that lights up Andrés’s face than he is by my artwork. 
“Who is this?” he asks. 
“Karri’s baby.” 
He’s looking at a series of black and white sketches of Ty I did a month ago. Ty’s got this cherubic smile as he spreads Cheerios around his food tray. One little Cheerio is stuck to the side of his cheek. His wispy hair comes together in a point at the top of his head. He just looked so darned cute that day, and, luckily, I had my sketch pad with me.
Andrés turns to me with wide eyes. “How did you do this?”  
“I don’t know.” I shrug and look away.
This is overwhelming. Even though Andrés likes my work, I’m feeling terribly vulnerable and exposed. Andrés doesn’t know what my artwork means to me, and I’m too afraid to tell him. I think the drawings of Tyler are my best work. It took a long time perfecting the dimples in his smile. 
I repress a grimace as he continues to scroll through my work. I wonder, selfishly, if we are ever going to have sex. Then I berate myself for thinking like a nympho. What is wrong with me? Why does my gaze keep wandering from Andrés’s computer screen to his bed? The sheets are folded over and tucked in nicely, no sign of our wild lovemaking from last night. I realize he must have learned to keep his room tidy from his days as a soldier. I want so badly to crumple those sheets again. 
As if he’s reading my mind, Andrés shuts down his laptop and slowly rises, pulling me with him.
We sit on the foot of his bed, and an awkward feeling comes over me again. I don’t know what to do with myself, so I clench my hands by my sides while averting my gaze. Then he cups my face in his warm, strong hands.  
One look into his dark eyes, and my heart awakens, pounding wildly, the heavy thrumming of my blood resonating in my ears. He strokes my bottom lip with the pad of his thumb, and an involuntary shudder courses through me. His mouth slants across mine, stifling my gasp. 
He pulls away abruptly, leaving me hot and bothered, even a little aggravated. 
“You are amazing,” he breathes against my mouth. 
“So are you,” I say as my lips find his again and I press into him. Before I know it, I’m straddling his waist. His hands are beneath my shirt, gently stroking my back and sending euphoric shivers across my skin. 
My hands are in his hair; I’m massaging his temple and pulling him closer. Our mouths are melded together, his tongue darting across mine. I breathe him in, relishing his kiss, and then he moves his hands up the front of my shirt, cupping each breast. I groan and grind against his thigh. I swear I’m so close to an orgasm right now, I could almost come through my jeans. But that’s not what I want. I want him inside of me, filling me, pounding against my G-spot like he did last night. 
I’m roaming his chest, pulling apart buttons and pushing the fabric over his broad shoulders, but I can’t seem to undress him fast enough. He groans as I break the kiss, but I’m frantic now, needing his clothes off, needing him inside of me. He gives in and lies back on the bed, allowing me to take off his jeans. I unbuckle his belt and unzip the denim. After he slips off his boots, he arches his hips as I pull his pants and underwear off. My eyes bulge when I get a close look at his erection. I had been so drunk last night, but after only half a beer tonight, I can appreciate its fullness.  I tentatively reach out and grasp it, feeling the weight of it in my hand. He groans as I brush my fingers across the wet tip, rubbing the essence down his silken shaft. 
He jerks and rears up, his eyes dark, thunderous. “Stop, or I’ll explode.”
I feel like the wind has been knocked out of me as he flips me onto my back and starts undressing me. He’s not as gentle as I was, and I think he tears the fabric of my shirt, but I don’t care at this point. 
Once my jeans are off, I spread my legs wide, wanting him to fill me.  He’s smothering my breasts with kisses, lavishing each nipple with his tongue. His lips trail down my abdomen and, then, without warning, his tongue is spearing deep inside me while he strokes the swollen pearl of my cleft. 
I scream and arch my back, but he grasps my hips and latches on with his mouth, probing deeply inside me. He pulls back only to gently suckle my cleft, swirling his tongue across my achingly tender bud with long, languid strokes, before diving back into me with jarring thrusts. 
“Stop!” I beg.
But he’s not listening, and there’s no way I can stop this powerful orgasm from overwhelming me. I scream to the ceiling as the first wave takes me. Damn the boy! He keeps tonguing me and rubbing his finger across my throbbing bud. Another wave, and another, and I am powerless to do anything but ride out this storm of pleasure. 
By the time Andrés lifts his head, my cleft is so swollen and tender, I wince after he slips on that condom and slides inside me.  
My legs feel like jelly as he lifts each ankle over his shoulders. He slides in deeper, until he reaches that tender, pulsating point at the end of my womb. Despite the dark storm clouds brewing behind his eyes, Andrés smiles down at me, as he times each thrust, battering me with painful ecstasy. It doesn’t take him long to build up my need, and I’m crying out his name again, begging him to stop, begging him to go on. 
The climax that rocks my core grips my entire body. I’m vaguely aware of Andrés grunting and then pulsating inside me. He hovers over me for a long moment before collapsing beside me. I’m nestled in his warm embrace, and he’s whispering something in Spanish into my ear while kissing my neck. 
I close my eyes and bask in the glow of the best lovemaking of my life. I’ve never felt so happy. Never felt so loved.  I’m thinking this man is incredible, and I want him, all of him, every day and every night. Screw the consequences.  

* * * 

Andrés
“Hey, Tio.” I have no idea what compels me to call my uncle. Maybe I just feel like I need to hear the older man’s steady and comforting voice while I wait for Christina to get out of the shower. I still can’t believe, after dodging bullets and land mines for four years, I’m nervous waiting on a girl. “I called home and Auntie said you were at work.” 
“At the body shop.” Tio sounds exhausted. “Gotta interview new artists, mijo. You coming to dinner tonight?”
Ever since I got back, I have spent every Sunday out at the ranch with my family. That is another reason I called Tio. If things go well with Christina, I won’t be able to make it to the ranch today. No, I’ll be spending another amazing night with Christina in my arms. For two consecutive nights I’ve not had a single nightmare.  She has to be an angel, a gift from heaven. I only hope I’m worthy enough to hold on to this heavenly beauty. 
“I don’t know,” I say, trying not to sound too hopeful. “I might be busy.” That is, if she doesn’t run out on me again. 
“Is there a girl involved?” Tio asks. 
“How did you know?” I don’t know why my uncle’s question takes me by surprise. Tio is the smartest man I’ve ever known. I grew up wanting to be just like him. And then I went through that rebellious stage. Not a day goes by when I don’t regret shaming my uncle during my wild teenage years, especially after all Tio has done for me. 
The old man’s voice rings with laughter. “There’s always a girl involved.” 
I can’t help myself. I might regret it later, but I’m just amazed by Christina’s talents. I knew she was different from other girls I’d dated, and now I know why. “She’s an artist, Tio,” I say with a note of awe in my voice. “You should see her work.”
“Can she paint cars?” Tio asks. 
“I don’t know,” I say, but I know she can. The question is whether she will. I don’t want to make my uncle promises, especially when I haven’t talked to Christina yet. “She’s done a lot of boats.” I remember the boat hulls with the jumping fish. I know the pictures in her portfolio didn’t do the artwork justice. 
“Boats? I’ve got a boat here that needs to be finished by tomorrow. You gonna bring her by or what?” I can hear the urgency in Tio’s voice. Finding and keeping good artists is always a sore spot for my uncle. So many of them get into trouble with the law or hooked on drugs. Of all of my uncle’s businesses, the paint and body shop gives him the most headaches. 
“I’ll ask her and get back to you.” I say, and then mentally smack myself upside the head for even suggesting it. Christina won’t want to waste her talents painting cars. 
“She in the shower, mijo?” Tio chuckles. “Should you bring her by the house instead?”
I freeze. Maybe calling my uncle wasn’t such a good idea. The old man is too smart for his own good. 
“I don’t think I’m ready for that yet,” I say through a nervous laugh. Actually, I don’t know if she is ready for that yet. I know how my family can be, and I’m not about to throw Christina to a pack of wild coyotes. She’ll run away for sure. “I’ll see if she needs a job and get back to you.”
“I’ll be waiting,” Tio answers with a note of impatience in his voice. 
Now I’m plagued by doubt. Christina’s work should be hanging in expensive art galleries. She’s a college student, and judging by the way she speaks and dresses, a wealthy one. Why would she want to go to work for my uncle in the slums?


Chapter Thirteen

I’m sipping sweet coffee and munching on crunchy bacon, giving Andrés coy smiles while he’s looking at my website on his laptop. 
“I gotta look at your paintings again,” he said to me this morning, before he kissed me on the cheek, rolled out of bed, and went into the kitchen with his computer tucked under his arm.
By the time I’d gotten out of the shower, the heavenly scents of bacon and coffee assailed my senses, so I’d brushed my teeth, slipped on my clean undies, jeans, and ripped shirt, and gone into the kitchen to find breakfast ready, and Andrés drooling over my portfolio.
Amazingly, I don’t feel awkward this time around. Not one bit. I’m sitting at his kitchen table, slathering butter and jelly on toast while he shakes his head from behind his screen. I want to know what image he’s looking at but I don’t say a thing. Instead, I admire the angular contours of his face, his high cheekbones and lush, full lips. I’m not exactly the religious type, but I think that this boy had to have been personally designed by a higher power. I’m not very good with clay, which saddens me, because with his finely sculpted body, he’d make a beautiful statue. I do want to draw him, though, and again my hands itch for a pad and pencil. 
He looks up from the screen and eyes me pointedly. “So you looking for a job?”
“I haven’t been.” Thanks to all those college credits I took my senior year of high school plus my full schedule for the past three years, I only have one semester left. I’d planned on taking this summer off. Jackson and I were going to travel to his family’s summer home, and I thought I could paint while I was there. Last summer, I earned five grand from just a few murals.  
“Are you almost finished with school?” Andrés asks.
 I’m shocked he knows so little about me, and yet we’ve already shared two incredible nights of passion. 
“Yeah,” I say. “This fall is my last semester.”
“You must have a ton of jobs lined up,” Andrés says.  
I laugh and shake my head. “Nope.”
“Nope?” He eyes me skeptically. “There’s so much you can do with your talents.”
I don’t know how to respond to his praise, so I sip my coffee, pretending I’m really thirsty. I haven’t thought enough about a job after college. I’ve been so consumed by my mother’s schemes to get Jackson to set a date. My dream has always been to open my own art studio, either that or work as a freelance graphic designer. Occasionally, I do sell a few of my paintings or digital designs off my website, but with my studies, I haven’t had time to really get my name out there. I’ve always thought after college I could use Jackson’s family’s connections to help me get established. 
Now that I don’t have those connections, I need to work on promoting myself, which will be difficult since I’m probably the worst critic of my work. No matter how hard I try to perfect a creation, I always find myself wanting to fix minor details later. 
“How about you?” I ask, needing to change the subject. I’ve always felt more comfortable talking about other people’s skills, not my own. “What are your plans?” 
I eye him with baited breath. This is when I cross my fingers, and hope and pray he’s got some serious aspirations, because even though I tell myself I don’t give a damn what my mother thinks anymore, I know deep down I do. I hate myself for craving her validation. I’ve got some serious mommy issues. 
He heaves a sigh before looking at me. I can see his thoughts trouble him, so I don’t say anything as I wait for him to speak. 
“I just got home five weeks ago,” he says. “I’m still adjusting.”
“Five weeks?” I ask. “Where were you?”
“Afghanistan, mostly.” 
A darkness settles over him. It’s in the subtle changes of his face, and when he looks into my eyes, it’s like a weight is pressing on my chest. Karri’s brother once said a lot of soldiers come back from the war depressed, so I’m afraid I’ll upset Andrés if I ask him any more questions.  
Luckily, I don’t need to wait long before Andrés changes the subject. “My uncle’s got a paint and body shop. Do you know anything about air brushing?”
“Yeah. I’ve airbrushed before.”  I perk up, thinking back to my first artistic job. The logos I air-brushed on every boat were my own design, a beautiful Dorado with brilliant blue and gold hues, jumping out of the water. The name of my dad’s dealership was just below the splash. I got lots of compliments on that design, and I never got sick of painting it because I made each one slightly different. My dad only paid me twenty bucks a logo, but it got me out of the house and away from my controlling mother. 
Andrés slants a sideways smile, and he looks like he’s brewing up trouble. “So do you want to go meet him? Maybe show him your work?”
“Right now?” I look down at my clothes. Not only did Andrés rip my shirt, he popped off two buttons.
“Yeah.” Andrés shrugs, trying to look noncommittal, but he’s still got that devious gleam in his eyes. “I know he’d want to meet you. He needs an artist.”
“Like air brushing on cars?” I toy with a piece of bacon, looking skeptically at Andrés. I don’t know why, but the thought of auditioning for an art job twists my stomach in knots.   
“Whatever they bring into the shop. I’ve seen buses, boats, motorcycles.” Andrés downs the last of his coffee. I notice how his hand slightly shakes when he sets his mug on the table.  “Is that something you can do?” There’s a nervous edge to his voice as he breaks eye-contact and focuses on a crumb on the table. 
“Yeah,” I answer hesitantly before popping the bacon in my mouth. 
Andrés rises and stretches. I notice his hands still shake, and then I get an eyeful of rippling muscles from beneath his tank top. 
“His artists usually make five hundred to a thousand a design.” There’s a hopeful gleam in his eyes as the rest of his body stills. It’s almost like he’s forgotten to breathe as he waits for me to respond. 
But I can’t respond right away, because my brain is screaming five hundred to a thousand dollars!  
I gag as a wedge of bacon gets lodged in my throat. I have to swallow several gulps of coffee just to get it to go down. 
 I wipe my mouth with the back of my hand before looking up at him with wide eyes. “Seriously? I could afford my own apartment with that kind of money.”
He smiles as his body starts to visibly relax. He walks over to the counter and pours himself another cup of coffee. “Does that mean you want to apply for the job?”
“I need to go home first. I don’t have anything to wear.” I wave at my torn shirt. 
Andrés arches a brow as he leans back against the counter. “Did I do that?”
I bite my lip while averting my gaze. Images of last night swirl through my brain and I flush as I think about going back into the bedroom with Andrés again. “I’m pretty sure you did.”
“I owe you a shirt.”
“Don’t worry about it.” I hesitantly smile. I swear my internal temperature is hotter than my steaming coffee. “It was worth it.”


Chapter Fourteen 

Whatever this is that Andrés and I have together, whether it be casual sex or “something more,” I’m pretty sure I am royally screwing up our relationship by starting it off with a total lie. Rather than having him take me to my house so I can get a change of clothes, he’s taking me to my apartment. 
Yes, that’s right. My apartment, which is actually Grace’s apartment. She gave me a spare key last month when she asked me to look after her little dog while she flew to Vegas for the weekend. I would have taken her Chihuahua home with me, except the evil shit tried to chew off my toes whenever I came near.  So twice a day, I fed him, strapped him to a leash while only managing to lose the skin off a few fingers, and took him for a walk. 
Then I tied him up by his neck and hung him from the rafters. 
No, I kid, but the fantasy did cross my mind. I’d left him alone in Grace’s apartment, not feeling the slightest bit guilty, because I knew if I brought him home with me, he would have slit my throat with his little claws while I slept. 
My hand shakes as I try to fit the key into Grace’s apartment door. This is supposed to be easy. Andrés is not supposed to be hovering behind me, but I couldn’t convince him to wait in the car.  He said he needed to use the restroom, but I’m not so sure. Somehow I get the feeling Andrés just wants to see inside my apartment. I didn’t see Grace’s car in the parking lot, and I’m hoping she isn’t home because I don’t want her to freak when we walk inside her front door.  
When I finally pry open the lock and spill inside Grace’s doorway, four pounds of tan and black, fluffy ferociousness is waiting for me, growling so hard, I swear his entire head looks like a mouthful of razor-sharp teeth. I wonder if this thing is part piranha.
“Are you sure you’re at the right house?” Andrés says at my back. 
My neck and spine stiffen, and I’m too embarrassed to turn around and look at him. Why didn’t I tell Andrés the truth? That I live in a museum with a psychopath. But I already know why. My mom would have scared him away. 
I foolishly decide my best option is to play if off. I realize I’m digging an even deeper hole of bullshit, but I can’t stop myself. “He’s just being protective of his house. He doesn’t know you,” I say to Andrés. Then I smile sweetly at the mutt, aptly named Diablo, and try shooing him away. 
The dog doesn’t budge.  His claws are planting roots in the carpet as he holds his ground. Amazing how so much evil can be compacted into a little ball of fluff. 
“Hey, what’s up?” Grace comes out of her bedroom wrapped in a cotton robe. She’s toweling her wet hair and, much to my relief, she’s not looking startled we’re here. 
“Andrés, this is my roommate, Grace.” I make a big show of sweeping my arm toward both of them, widening my eyes at Grace and praying she plays along. “Grace, this is Andrés.  I hope we didn’t wake you.” 
“Nah.” She shrugs, flashing a knowing smile. “I needed to take Diablo for a walk, anyway.”
She whistles to Diablo, but he doesn’t budge, so I grab Andrés’s hand and carefully make a wide circle around Diablo. Andrés chuckles behind me while I pull him toward the bedroom. 
“Wait!” Grace calls at my back. “Violet is taking a shower.”
My jaw falls open. “Violet?” I murmur, and then I silently curse myself for acting surprised. I remember what Rodeo Chick looks like—spiked black hair, lots of denim, leather and tats—and I’m kind of shocked her name is Violet.  
Andrés arches a brow. “Your other roommate?”
  I swallow, casting a nervous glance at Grace. She shrugs back at me, so I nod.
I leave Andrés with Grace and rush inside her bedroom.  I can hear the shower water running as I cross the floor toward Grace’s sliding closet door. I recognize a T-shirt I’d lent Grace last week and yank it off the hanger. I throw my ripped shirt into her wastebasket and slip on the other one.  I’m back out of her bedroom and pulling Andrés by the hand. 
Grace is in the kitchen brewing coffee. 
“Thanks!” I call toward her as we hurry past the demon dog and out the door. 
And then I cringe. Why did I just thank her for allowing me into my apartment? Andrés has to know what’s up, but he doesn’t say anything as we walk down the stairs and hop inside his truck. 

* * * 

Andrés
I clench the steering wheel so tight, I feel the leather crack beneath my grip. Why did she take me to someone else’s apartment? The same reason she walked out on me yesterday? Am I nothing more than a casual fuck for a pretty college girl? Just a way to pass the summer until she finds a rich college boy to marry? Is that why she won’t take me to her home? She doesn’t want me to know where she lives, so she can easily walk away when she grows tired of fucking me?
I keep my gaze centered on the road while a million possible reasons for Christina’s deception run through my head. Of one thing I am certain. That dog was barking at her because she was a stranger. Then the realization hits me. I’ve spent two amazing, passionate nights with this woman, yet she is every bit a stranger to me, too. 

* * * 

“So where do you really live?” 
I exhale the pent up breath I’ve been holding. Andrés has been suspiciously silent for the past ten minutes as we drive down the highway toward his uncle’s shop. And though I have been dreading this conversation, I am just so relieved to get it off my chest.  
“With my psychotic mother,” I say, not wanting to look him in the eyes. “I’m sorry, I didn’t want you to meet her.”
“Why didn’t you just tell me?” 
I hear the hurt in his voice and I feel terrible. Why didn’t I just tell him the truth? Now he’ll probably never trust me. But then I think what would have happened if I’d have brought Andrés home to my mother. A shiver steals up my spine.   
“That my mom’s a psycho?” I look out the window as I clench my fists so tight, my nails break the skin. “Why would I want to tell you that?”
“So she doesn’t like Mexicans. Is that it?”
I turn to him, and a laugh dies in my throat. “I don’t think she cares as long as you’re rich.” My limbs freeze as the color drains from his face. Shit. That was the wrong thing to say. “But it doesn’t matter to me, Andrés,” I hastily add. “I don’t care how much you make. I like you. I really like you.”
I’m pretty sure I stop breathing, and time seems to move in slow motion as a tic works in his jaw. Otherwise, he’s about as motionless as me. We stop at a red light, and he stares out the window. I wish I could take back the last half hour of my life.  
The light turns green and, as he taps the accelerator, he heaves a sigh. Or maybe it’s a groan. I’m not quite sure, but it doesn’t matter, as either one is bad. I cover my face with my hands and suppress the urge to scream. What the heck is wrong with me? Maybe this is why my mom and Jackson have always kept me on a tight leash. Maybe they know I can’t control myself. 
I jerk back and get pissed at myself for thinking I need someone to control me. That’s the old Christina talking. “Look, I’m sorry I lied to you.” I’m suddenly choked up as the realization hits me I might have already blown it big time with Andrés.  “Are you mad?”
“No, I’m not mad.” 
He reaches over and squeezes my hand, and the tension in my neck unwinds. I smile at him while willing the churning in my stomach to subside.  


Chapter Fifteen

Andrés’s uncle’s shop isn’t on the best side of town, but the entire area is surrounded by a high fence with surveillance cameras at just about every post. Every door and window on the building is protected by iron bars. I don’t know if I feel comforted or worried by the extra security. The building is big and bright blue, painted with graffiti art. As I look around at some of the finished cars and trucks in the parking lot, tripped out with huge flashy rims and gaudy scenes of slavering pit bulls, Virgin Marys, and half-naked girls, I get this sinking feeling in my gut that I am the wrong artist for this job. 
“This is your uncle’s shop?” I say as I look up at the huge Cruz Paint and Body billboard overhead. It sports an illustration of a shiny new truck with flames on the sides. “I thought I saw another Cruz shop across town.” 
“He owns shops all over Texas,” Andrés answers as he punches a code into a box next to the entrance. “Mostly repair and tire centers.” 
“Uh huh,” I say absently as we walk inside. The waiting room is divided by a huge Plexiglas wall with a cashier’s desk behind it. Again, this should make me feel safe, but it doesn’t.  Then again, maybe this is standard protocol for all of the shops. 
“My uncle was real upset when his best artist quit. He’s going to love you.” Andrés smiles as he leads me through a side door. 
I try my best to smile back as I follow him down the hallway and out into the garage. I don’t think Andrés’s uncle will love me. I can’t do a lot of the artwork I’m sure his clients expect. Actually, I probably could, but I won’t airbrush heaving tits spilling out of bikini tops. I just won’t. 
The garage is huge, large enough to accept tall boats and semi-trucks.  Several bay doors line the side wall. I figure most of the painting takes place behind the doors. We ascend a staircase that runs up the back wall.  At the top, I notice another Plexiglas window. This office is huge, covering the entire width of the garage. 
“Tio, this is Christina,” Andrés says as he pulls me beside him. 
I swear, I’m so nervous, the coffee and bacon rebel in my stomach. 
A man wearing a large white Stetson, boots and jeans with a Cruz Automotive T-shirt stands up from behind a desk to greet me. Like Andrés, he’s tall. Beneath the hat, his hair is greying at the roots.  He smiles as he holds out his hand, and I think of Andrés’s smile.
We shake and say something like “hi” or “hello.” I have no idea what I’m saying to this smiling man with the very strong grip. My stomach makes this weird grumbling noise, and I hope I can keep it together. I’m fairly certain crapping all over the floor wouldn’t make a good impression on Andrés’s Uncle, and it would pretty much be a turn-off for Andrés.
“Talk about fate,” the man Andrés calls Tio says to me in a baritone so deep and booming, I nearly jump out of my boots. “Andrés called me this morning and told me all about you.” Then he motions me toward the Plexiglas and points down at the boat below. “Is that one of yours?”
My jaw drops, and for a long moment, I think I forget to breathe. “Omigod,” I say on a rush of air.
It’s a thirty-footer, a center console with twin Yamahas. It’s one of my dad’s boats.  My jumping fish are on the back.   
“He wants us to airbrush the sides and make it match the logo,” Tio says as he folds his arms across his chest, eyeing the boat like it’s a misfit child. “I had to fire my best artist last week.” He turns to me, the lines around his mouth and eyes tightening in a grim expression. “Drugs.”
I swallow hard. I know all about what drugs can do to people.  “I’m sorry,” I say, before my gaze flickers back to the boat. Dad used to take me out on a boat just this size. We’d fish for Reds in the bay, but when the weather was good, he’d take me out farther and we’d troll for big beautiful fish, like Sails and Dorado.  I usually brought a sketch pad with me, and if my dad was in a good mood, he’d let me take some paints on his boat, too. I loved capturing the moment on pad and paper when my dad would reel in the fish. Eventually, he liked one of my creations so much, he had me air brush it onto all of his boats. 
Mom hated when he took me fishing. She said I came back smelling like week-old fish guts. I actually loved fishing with my dad. Those were my only happy memories of him. Funny though, because whenever I think of him, it’s just about that one bad memory. Seeing this boat brings me back, and I can almost feel the sun beating down on me and taste the salt water spray.  
“Can you do what he wants?” Tio says to me. “I’ll pay you a thousand dollars.” 
“A thousand dollars?” That knot in my stomach starts to unravel. I take in a deep breath and then let out a slow exhale. He’s holding out his hand, so I grab it. “I’ll do it.”  
After we shake hands, Tio’s got that grim expression again. “How soon can you start?”
“When do you need me?” I ask. 
The worry lines around Tio’s eyes deepen. “This boat is supposed to be finished tomorrow.” 
“Then I’ll get to work,” I say. 
I look over at Andrés who comes up beside me. His smile nearly stretches ear to ear and he’s got this look in his eyes, kind of like he’s proud of me. He leans down and whispers. “Thank you.”
My heart flutters as warmth spreads through my chest. I have to admit, it feels good to be appreciated. Plus, I get the chance to earn some money. I realize such a huge task may take all day and even all night, but if I earn enough money this summer, I can afford to move out of my mom’s house, something I never thought possible unless I married Jackson. 
But I’m not going to marry Jackson. As long as I make my own money, I can be on my own, because I’m pretty sure my mom will cut me off as soon as she learns I’m dating a mechanic. Besides, this is my life, and I’m living it on my terms.

* * * 
  
My neck and shoulders are killing me, but I’m finally finished with one side of the boat. I stop for a minute to rub the kinks out of my shoulder and admire my work. I like it, which is a shock because I’m always my biggest critic. I’ve replicated the splashing Dorado, plus I’ve added a ball of bait fish beneath. A prism of colors reflects of the predatory fish’s scales and the surface of the water. I’ve already sketched out what I’m putting on the other side, a trio of Sailfish surrounded by effervescent bubbles as they cut through the current, spearing another ball of fish. 
 It’s taking me longer than expected, and I’m worried because I fear I may be stuck here most of the night. Tio’s shop doesn’t use paint cans, but professional spray guns with big, noisy compressors. It took me a while to learn how to handle the darned thing. I’m just glad the paint came premixed, or I’m sure my artwork would be a runny mess. 
I hear a noise behind me, and realize Andrés is back with food. He’s already tried to get me to take a break several times, but I refused. I hate stopping in the middle of a project. But now that one mural is finished, I can finally relax and take off this damned mask. I slowly rise on unsteady legs. My calves and butt muscles are cramped and sore. I’m going to need a long, hot soak in the tub after today. I’m just so glad I don’t have classes this summer. 
I stretch my arms and back before trudging toward the break room.  He’s laying out sodas and sandwiches on the table. Today is Sunday, and the shop is supposed to be closed, so Andrés has been keeping himself busy by learning how to do bookwork. His uncle was here for the first few hours, showing him some of the ins and outs to running a business. 
I overheard Tio telling Andrés something about turning over some of the shops to him, which would probably mean a big pay raise. Not that it would matter much to my mother, as it will never be sufficient for her. Again, I remind myself it doesn’t matter what she thinks.   
  My arms and legs feel like deadweights as I trudge toward the table. I’m trying to pull the damned mask off my face, but my fingers are cramping, and I realize I’ve been squeezing the trigger on that paint gun much too hard. Andrés sees me struggling, and he comes over and undoes the mask. Then he unzips my suit and removes all my protective gear. I stand like a limp ragdoll while he works. 
Finally, he leads me toward the table, and I fall into a seat. I stare at the colorful walls. Someone painted graffiti on every available inch of the small room, and from the looks of the chipped paint, it was done a while ago.  I’m so sore, I feel like a zombie. My arms are too stiff to reach for my soda, so I just sit there for a long moment. Damn I hurt. 
Strong, warm hands begin kneading my shoulders. I groan as I let my head fall back. Andrés doesn’t say a word. He kisses the top of my head and continues massaging. I stifle a curse when he pulls away. His touch felt so good. 
Andrés leans over me and grabs a grocery bag off the counter. I smile when he pulls out a tube of medicated sports cream. 
“I thought you could use this,” he says, slipping on a set of gloves. I don’t protest when he pulls my T-shirt over my head, leaving me in a bra and jeans. His uncle went home a few hours ago, and it’s just us here. I sigh when he rubs the cream into my sore muscles. He massages the knots with light and then deep pressure, working over each area for several minutes. By the time Andrés is finished with me, I’m sprawled back in the chair, wanting nothing more than to take a nap. 
Or have sex. 
Because I do have hormones, and they liked the massage even more than my sore muscles did.  In fact, I shift in my seat, feeling an uncomfortable ache between my legs, an ache fueled by lust. 
I watch out of the corner of my eyes as Andrés slips off his gloves and walks over to a large tub sink. I admire his toned, tanned arm and back muscles flexing as he lathers up his hands. I don’t remember when he stripped off his shirt, but I’m not complaining. 
I stretch my legs out in front of me and squirm in my seat. I can smell the fresh bread and roasted meat from the sandwiches, but I’m not hungry for food right now. 
When Andrés turns to me, a bulge pressing against the zipper of his tight jeans, I realize Andrés is hungry for something else, too.
Eyeing him pointedly, I slowly rise, unsnap my bra and toss it on the table.
Andrés freezes, water dripping from his hands and puddling on the floor. His dark gaze is boring into me, as he unbuckles his belt and then unzips his pants. 
I lick my lips and admire the large erection that springs out as he pulls down his underwear. Andrés crosses the short distance between us in a few strides. His wet hands are on my breasts. He firmly squeezes each mound before pulling back and tracing each nipple with his fingertips. 
I moan and toss back my head as wet heat pools in my underwear.  And then he’s removing the rest of my clothes, tossing my jeans to the floor in a tangled heap. He’s stroking my sensitive cleft, coaxing more moisture and causing me to moan louder. 
He traces the bud until it swells with painful need. I’m holding onto him, digging my fingers into his arms, panting hard as he trails kisses down my neck and across my face. 
The wind whooshes from my lungs as he spins me around and lifts me onto the table. I’m on all fours, my palms flat against the smooth surface. I wince as the hard table presses against my knees, but I don’t say a word. As if he’s reading my mind, Andrés is lifting me, pressing his T-shirt beneath each knee. I smile, amazed at how thoughtful he is. 
As he circles my cleft with his slick fingers, my thoughts become a jumbled mess, until the only thing I care about is reaching that orgasm. He pulls away, and I hear a ripping sound. I know he’s slipping on a condom. My flesh hums and my core throbs in anticipation.
And then he’s sliding into me. I press back against him, forcing his entire length into me. I cry out when he reaches my womb, and I bump and grind against him even harder. Andrés must sense my growing need, as he digs his fingers into my ass and slides in and out with sharp thrusts, rattling the table beneath me.  
A few more thrusts against my core, and I scream his name as the orgasm consumes me.  He presses deep into me and cries out too, his organ throbbing against my center as my sheath squeezes around him like a tightening fist. 
I’m so weakened by the wave of euphoria that washes over me, that I press the side of my face against the table, pushing my ass against Andrés’s groin, relishing the feel of him deep inside me.  
I sigh when he pulls out and lifts me off the table. He sets me on top of his T-shirt. I’m probably soaking his shirt, but then fatigue washes over me. My sore and aching limbs are now limp, and my sensitive flesh hums from the pleasure of our lovemaking. I give into my fatigue and lie back on the table. I’m just too weak to do anything else at this point. 
I can hear Andrés zipping up his jeans, and then he’s pulling paper towels from the dispenser above the sink. He comes to me and wipes between my legs, then he slides on my panties and jeans. He leans over and suckles one nipple, releasing it with a pop and then does the same to the other. Finally, he brushes his lips across mine. ”You need to eat, mi amor,” he breathes against me. 
“I know,” I say as I splay my hand across my forehead. “I’m just so tired.”
Andrés pulls me up and fastens my bra with surprising dexterity. He slips on my shirt and pulls my hair out from under my collar. “Eat, and you will get your strength back,” he says as he holds out a sandwich. My mouth waters when I look at the monstrosity he’s placed in my hands. It’s a turkey and bacon club, loaded with all kinds of veggies and smothered in creamy sauce.  
I’m pretty sure I eat my entire meal in record time, including chips, pickles and chocolate cookies. I swallow the last of my sweet tea and drag my hand across my mouth. Who knew painting could work up such an appetite? But I’m pretty sure my hunger had a lot to do with the amazing sex, too. 
Andrés massages my back once more and then he works on rubbing the kinks out of each finger. By the time he’s finished, my body is thrumming with need. Much to my disappointment, Andrés starts suiting me back up. I sigh when he slips the gloves on my hands, but then I catch sight of the bulge beneath his jeans, and I know he wants another round just as badly as I do. 
I can’t wait to finish this next mural. I know I’ll paint it in record time, just so I can take another break with Andrés. 


Chapter Sixteen

I haven’t given myself time to assess my feelings for Andrés.  Truthfully, I’m afraid to, because I already suspect I could easily learn to care for a guy like him. Just about every person I have let into my life has let me down. What if Andrés turns out to be like Jackson? Or worse, like my parents and Karri? 
So far, he’s been completely opposite the other people in my life. Actually, he’s been perfect. But I’ve come to learn that there is no such thing as perfection. The canvas is always flawed somehow. My eye just isn’t trained well enough to find Andrés’s faults yet. So I tell myself in case this guy is the real deal, I’m not going to do anything else to blow what we’ve got. 
We’re parked in my circular driveway, and I’m so nervous, I fear I’m about to lose my dinner, but I need to get something off my chest. “Andrés,” I say as I clear my throat, which is hard because it feels like I just swallowed a wad of cotton balls. “I want to apologize again for lying to you about where I live.” 
“You don’t need to. I totally understand. I should probably leave you off here.” Andrés smiles, but there’s lingering doubt in his gaze. 
He must think I’m ashamed of him, and I feel terrible, but that’s not why I’m keeping him away from my mom. It’s not him I’m ashamed of, it’s her. 
My mom is peeking at us through the front bay window, and I repeat to myself that what she thinks doesn’t matter. She’s never cared about my opinions, so why should I care about hers?
I unlatch my seatbelt and grip the door handle. Then I pause, and I’m reluctant to go. I don’t want to leave Andrés. Even though I’m still in the truck with him, I’m already starting to miss him. 
I tell myself I’m moving too fast. I shouldn’t be pining over a guy I’ve just met. But Andrés isn’t just any other guy. He’s different, and that’s what makes him so dangerous. I could easily lose my heart to a guy like him. 
“Thank you for everything,” I say, gripping the door handle harder. 
Andrés shakes his head. “I should be thanking you for saving my uncle’s ass.” Then I see what can only be described as a glimmer of pride in his gaze as he laces his fingers through mine. “You have an amazing gift.” 
There is so much more I want to say to him, like, “Thank you for all of your support when not even my own mother has faith in me,” but I just can’t get the words past the lump of granite lodged in my throat.
Instead, I lean up and kiss him. It is just an innocent peck, but my lips linger on his long enough to probably give my mother a heart attack.   
“Andrés, I won’t let her ruin us. I won’t. I really like you,” I say as I look deeply into his dark eyes. 
He strokes my cheek. “I like you, too. Do you want me to pick you up for work tomorrow?”
“What about your job?” I don’t want him to be late to his shop on the other side of town. 
“I can be late,” he says, squeezing my hand. Storm clouds are brewing in his eyes as his gaze tunnels on me.  “I want to be the one to introduce you to the other guys.”
I hear protectiveness in his voice. “I’d like that,” I say. I am already edgy enough starting a new job, but add to that it’s on the bad side of town with a rough bunch of guys. Andrés told me most of them are reformed gang-bangers. Work tomorrow is going to be interesting, to say the least.  
He leans down for another kiss, and I don’t even flinch when his full lips press into mine. I moan and wrap my arms around his strong back when he deepens the kiss, his tongue gently probing my mouth.  The kiss seems to go on forever, but it doesn’t and I sigh when he pulls away, instantly missing the feel of him against me. 
“You should pack your things,” his voice is a heated breath in my ear. “And come home with me after work.” 
“Okay,” I say. At this point, I’m so hot and bothered after that kiss, I’d probably agree to any of his requests. 

* * * 

The Spitting Cobra is waiting for me at the door with her fangs unsheathed. I’m so tired and sore, all I really want is a hot bath, but one look into her serpent stare, and I know I’m not trudging upstairs unscathed. As she slams the door shut behind me, I turn toward her and brace myself for her attack. 
“Who was that?” The words come out on a hiss, one of the many reasons the snake metaphor fits my mother so well. 
“Andrés.” I square my shoulders and look her dead in the eyes. A bold move, but I’m channeling the new Christina, plus after having amazing sex twice on top of the break room table, I’m feeling pretty good. I’ll be damned if I’m going to let my overbearing mother screw with my buzz. 
“Andrés?” she says haughtily, and then her face twists into such a tight scowl, I’m afraid she’s going to bust a stitch or pop those collagen balloons she calls lips. 
I shrug a shoulder, but I don’t dare avert my gaze. Once I do that, she’ll think she’s won. “Andrés Cruz. The new guy I’m seeing.” 
She folds artificially tanned arms across her chest. “Is that where you were all day?”
I take a deep breath to steady my nerves. I will not let her force me to back down. “I was painting at his uncle’s shop.”
She arches a thin brow. “His uncle owns an art studio?”
“A body and paint shop.” I do my best not to shrink back. The Cobra is about to unleash her venom.  
Her jaw falls open. “For cars?”
“Cars, trucks, boats, whatever,” I say in the most casual attitude I can muster. My heart is pounding heavily, but I do not let on that my anxiety is building. “I painted one of Dad’s boats today. You should see how it turned out.”
“So this Andrés paints cars, too?”
Figures Mother doesn’t even care about the boat I painted.  I fist my hands by my sides, and prepare to drop the bomb. “No, he fixes them.” 
Her hand flies to her chest, and she stumbles backward. “Oh, dear Lord!”
I can tell her theatrics are staged, because, despite her abnormally high heels, she quickly regains her balance. Her expression has turned from shock to outrage, her spine stiffens, and her fingers curl into claws. 
Her attitude only fuels my resolve. “I like him, Mom.” 
“You could have been set for life with Jackson.” Her tone is condescending, demeaning, like I’m her errant toddler who’s just pissed her pants in front of her country club friends.  
I shake my head. “I wasn’t happy with Jackson.” 
Her face is as red as an over-ripe apple. “But a mechanic?” she shrieks. “A Mexican mechanic?” she adds in a voice so shrill, I fight the urge to cover my ears with my hands.
I gape at her.  
And then in the blink of an eye, her demeanor changes. She turns up her nose and smooths her coiffure, pretending to be pressing loose strands back into place on her hair helmet. “It’s not that I mind you dating minorities,” she says in a haughty tone, “as long as they’re…” She pauses, acting like she’s looking for the right word, when I know exactly what she’s thinking. 
“Rich, Mom,” I answer with a groan. “You don’t care as long as he’s rich.” 
“Exactly. I mean, I’m hip to the new trend of dating dark-skinned men. Look how well it turned out for Tiger Woods’s wife.” 
I swear to God, I must have been descended from aliens. I rub the sudden pain above my left temple. As if my aching body isn’t enough, now I have a Mother-induced migraine. “Mom, he cheated on her, and they divorced.” 
She nods a little too eagerly. “Yes, and she got a ton of money out of it.” 
I clutch my purse and turn away. Forget the damn bath. I just have to get out of this house and far away from this woman. “I’ve got to go.”  
“Where are you going now?” she snaps.  
I don’t answer her as I jerk open the door and stomp toward my car. 
“We are not through discussing this, young lady,” Mother calls at my back in that nails-on-chalkboard voice. “If you want to live under my roof, you must bring home respectable young men.” 
Respectable? What makes her think Andrés isn’t respectable? 
I almost turn back to unleash a torrent of angry words, but it would do no good. She’s set in her ways, a selfish, prejudiced bitch. That this woman is my mother makes my heart ache, and I wonder, not for the first time, if she even loves me, if she has ever loved anyone but herself. 
As I get into my car and start the ignition, I know where I need to go. I need to go see a mother who loves her children, the woman who has been the only real mother figure in my life. She’s always been there for me, and I need to be reassured now more than ever that loving parents exist. 

* * * 

“Christina, sweetheart. How nice to see you.”
I’m staring at Karri’s mom, and I’m suddenly at a loss for words. The woman looks so worn. Her once bright hazel eyes are now dull and lifeless. Brittle strands of long, grey hair cascade loosely down her back. Her sallow skin hangs off her bones. She’s lost a lot of weight these past few years,  because she’s so busy taking care of everyone else, she has no time to eat. 
Two years ago, Karri’s father suffered a major stroke, and now he just sits in his wheel chair, motionless. Karri’s family doesn’t have good insurance, so Mrs. Peterson had to quit her teaching job and become his full-time nursemaid.  They live off a modest retirement income. I honestly don’t know how Mrs. Peterson manages to keep afloat and still remain so nice to everyone. 
I don’t ever remember Karri’s parents raising their voices at her, and believe me, there were plenty of times when she’s deserved it. They are the most devoted, loving parents I’ve ever known, and I can’t deny I resent Karri taking them for granted. She should be over here helping her mother, not getting high, not fucking random guys. 
And to think, I came here to unload on this woman. What the hell is wrong with me? She has enough troubles. 
Mrs. Peterson gently pats my hand. “Sweetheart, is something troubling you?”
I swallow a lump in my throat and will my watery eyes not to leak. I will not burden her.  “I left my sunglasses here yesterday.” 
“Yes, I know.” She smiles and holds open the door. “I set them aside for you. Come in.” 
I follow her in, noting how she walks with an exaggerated limp. She’s had three knee surgeries in the past ten years. None of them have done any good. Still, she refuses to complain about her health.    
We pass Karri’s father in the darkened living room. He’s sitting in his wheelchair, staring vacantly at a game show on television. A pang slices through me when we walk down a narrow hallway. Pictures of Tyler crowd every possible spot on the walls. There’s even more baby pictures in the kitchen. The refrigerator is a monument to the little guy. I worry about Ty. Karri was in no condition to be a parent when she took him home yesterday. I fear Karri’s too stoned to take care of him. He could be hungry or wet. He could be crawling out the door of her upstairs apartment. 
I helped Karri get through her drug addiction once before. I brought her to my house while my parents were vacationing in Sri Lanka. We holed up in my room for several days and nights, subsisting on pizza and sodas while Karri alternated between screaming, shaking, and threatening to kill me. But I refused to let her out of that bedroom. When we finally emerged, I’d thought for sure she’d kicked the habit.
Now she’s back on drugs, but this time more than her life is at stake, and I can no longer keep her addiction secret.  
Mrs. Peterson reaches into a drawer and pulls out my sunglasses. I take them from her before letting out a slow breath. “You’re such a wonderful person. You don’t deserve this.” 
She shrugs and smiles. “We’ve got to deal with what life gives us.”
Poor woman. She has no idea what’s coming.  “I know,” I say, my voice shaking, “and you’ve already got so much to deal with, and I feel terrible for telling you, but there’s something you should know about Karri.”
Mrs. Peterson’s mouth drops open and her shoulders fall. “She’s back on drugs?”
“You knew?”
She leans over and squeezes my arm. “Dear, how could I not know? There’s a reason I don’t wear my wedding ring anymore, and it’s not because I lost it. My daughter pawned it, along with other family heirlooms.” Her voice cracks, and she turns away. 
I’m so choked up right now, I’m on the verge of bawling.  “I’m so sorry.” And then a thought strikes me. If she knew about her daughter’s addiction, why was I the one who had to spend a week in hell detoxing Karri? “Why didn’t you do anything?”
Mrs. Peterson sinks onto a barstool beside the kitchen counter. Her hands are visibly shaking as she smooths them down the sides of her face. “Who said I didn’t? Her father and I put her through counseling. We tried interventions. You don’t remember all those restrictions?”
“I thought that was for mouthing off.” Yeah, sure I remember. When we were in high school, Karri was grounded just about every other weekend.  
“That might be what she told you.” Mrs. Peterson shakes her head, heaving a sigh. 
“We tried so hard to get her off, but she kept sliding. She’s a grown woman, Christina. We can’t keep catching her every time she falls. We don’t have the time or the money, or frankly, the strength left to help her. She’s got to learn how to pick up the pieces of her own life.” 
No, this can’t be Mrs. Peterson’s answer. Something has to be done. Someone has to save Karri from herself. At the very least, someone has to save Karri’s baby. “But what about Ty?”
She slumps in her seat and frowns, which emphasizes the heavy lines around her mouth. “I’ve already offered to take him off her hands, though God knows how I’d be able to take care of him. I wish I knew who the father was.” 
“He’s probably a druggie, too,” I say as I pull up a stool and sit beside her.  
“I’m afraid you may be right,” Mrs. Peterson says before turning baleful eyes on me. “Karri is lucky to have a friend like you after she’s burned her bridges with everyone else.”  She clasps my hands in hers and I read the message behind her watery gaze. She’s hoping I won’t abandon Karri, too. 
And though I’ve been tempted to more than once in these past few months, I can’t turn my back on Tyler. I know what it’s like to grow up in an unloving home. I can’t sit by and let the same thing happen to him. 


Chapter Seventeen

Andrés
I smile down at the beauty who stands in my doorway with a bag slung over her shoulder. It’s already past ten. I couldn’t believe my good fortune when Christina had messaged me a half hour ago, asking if she could stay the night. 
“Let me get that,” I say, taking the bag from her. I mentally weighs the bag’s contents. Easily enough for a few days worth of clothes. 
“Thanks for letting me stay,” she says as she steps inside the doorway. “My mother was being a pain.” She tilts a smile while rolling her eyes. 
I wonder if I’ve been the cause of Christina’s trouble with her mom. A familiar sense of self-doubt and loathing that fits me like a second skin, resurfaces, making me doubt, not for the first time, if I am worthy of Christina.
After I set her bag on the dresser in the bedroom, Christina is on me, loosening my belt, licking her lips and looking up at me through heavy-lidded eyes. All of my worries are forgotten as I watch my jeans fall to my ankles. When she begins stroking my erection with her smooth, nimble fingers, the only thing on my mind is getting her into bed. 

* * * 

It’s no shock that the guys don’t know what to make of the little white chick who shows up to work. They have a hard time believing I’m the one who airbrushed the designs on the boat. Andrés stands by me the whole time while Tio introduces me. Of course, Tio goes over a list of rules, such as no sex or gringo jokes and keep their hands to themselves. 
Now I’m scared. What exactly does Andrés’s uncle expect these guys to do to me? Tio assigns a wrinkled old man named Ricky to watch after me, which is weird, because I’m pretty sure I outweigh Ricky by at least ten pounds.  
When it’s time to get to work, Andrés doesn’t want to leave me, but I finally convince him I’ll be fine. He promises to come during lunch, and then, without warning, he pulls me against him and gives me a big smack on the lips. I nearly fall over when he releases me. 
He’s smiling down at me with a devious grin, and I know exactly what that kiss means. He’s marking his territory. Ugh. What a total guy thing to do. To make matters worse, I can hear the rest of the crew’s muffled laughter behind us.  This is not how I want to start my morning with those guys, so when Andrés turns to go, I smack him hard on the ass. 
The crew breaks into a chorus of laughter. 
“She showed you, homie!” one of the guys says.
To my delight, Andrés turns a bright shade of red. 
After that we all get to work. I soon learn the other guys do paint touchups or simple one coat paint jobs, but Ricky and I are the only artists. 
Tio assigns a big motorhome to me. The owner wants me to paint jungle cats on the back, and I just about die laughing. He specifically asked for a lion, a cheetah and a tiger, as if all these cats are supposed to be hanging out like one big happy family. 
And here comes the sucky part of my job—painting something I know will look like crap. The the owner of the boat I painted yesterday shows up, and he’s so impressed with my design, he tips me an extra two hundred dollars. Tio tells me it’s the best artistry he’s ever seen. Now that everyone is under the delusion I’m a real artist, I’ve got no choice but to try and make these cats not look like shit.   
I start with the lion, deciding that, since he’s in the center of the painting, and the King of the Jungle, he should look regal and proud. I’ve already finished him by the time Andrés shows up with sandwiches. This time he brings me roast beef on sourdough. I devour it, and then we go sit in his truck. He massages my shoulders, and we kiss a few times before it’s time to get back to work. I keep thinking about how we had sex two times on the breakroom table yesterday, and I really wish the rest of the crew would call it an early day. 
 But no such luck. So I’m forced to paint jungle cats while horny. My mood is conveyed in my work. The cheetah’s got bedroom eyes, and I can practically feel the pheromones radiating off her. I laugh when I think of the poor sucker who will get stuck driving behind this motorhome, staring at a horny cheetah.  
I’m so immersed in my work, I’m shocked to realize it’s time to go home. None of the crew bothered me today, and Ricky was especially nice. He got to paint ice cream cones, nachos and hot dogs on a bus, and though it’s a simple design, I like what he’s done with the tones and shading.
I’ve still got one more cat to go, but Tio says I’m making twelve hundred off this project, so I don’t complain. Six hundred a day is a damned fine income. I’ll be able to move out within a few weeks, and then I’ll be free to do whatever I want. Funny, because when I think of freedom, Andrés’s sensual smile comes to mind. I realize one reason I want so desperately to be out of my mom’s house, is so I can date Andrés without interference. That’s not a good reason, I tell myself. That means I care for him too much, and much too soon. 
Andrés is waiting for me after I change out of my suit, and I’m very anxious to get back to his apartment. I added extra clothes to my overnight bag last night, so I don’t need to face The Cobra tonight. I sink into the padded seat of his truck and exhale deeply. 
I survived my first day, and now I get to spend an enjoyable evening with my sexy Latin stud. Well, almost enjoyable, except I can’t help but worry about Tyler. I thought about him a lot today. I’m tempted to ask Andrés to drive me to Karri’s, but I’m afraid if greasy guy is with her, things could get ugly, and I don’t want to drag Andrés into this mess. 
I absently glance down at my phone. A few text messages from my mom and another from Jackson. I ignore them both. Karri hasn’t answered any of my texts. I’ve messaged her three times asking about Ty. 
I look out the window while rubbing my sore knuckles. I hope he’s okay. 

* * *   

Karri still hasn’t returned any of my texts, so I sit on the toilet in Andrés’s bathroom and dial Mrs. Peterson. She tells me Karri dropped Tyler off last night, and she hasn’t seen or heard from her since. I’m worried about Karri, but I’m also relieved Tyler is with his grandma. I feel bad I can’t go by and help Mrs. Peterson, but I promise her I’ll stop by after work. 
Andrés takes me to this little Mexican hole-in-the-wall on the way to work. He orders two breakfast burritos and coffees, and we eat on a bench in the corner. The place looks like a total shit hole, not the sort of five-star fine dining I’m used to. I’m pretty sure the health inspector must not know this place exists. The paint is peeling off the walls and the tables need to be cleaned, or better yet, used for kindling in a fire, as they are on the verge of falling apart.  The place reeks of grease, sour milk, and fried pork. 
But when I take a chance and bite into the soft flour tortilla, I just about topple over and have a food-gasm right on the cracked tile floor. I devour my egg and bacon taco in record time, and then Andrés orders me one with chorizo. I have no idea what’s in chorizo, but one thing I do know, I don’t care how damn disgusting this place is, this breakfast sure beats the hell out of any French bistro. 
Ricky is sketching in the break room when we get there.  I peer over his shoulder at the art he’s creating, a nude sketch of a woman who has to be at least four hundred pounds and covered head-to-toe in tattoos. 
Ewwww, I think, but I don’t dare insult Ricky and voice my opinion aloud.I sure hope nobody ordered nude art, because I’m not about to paint it. I’m not even sure if painting nudity on cars is legal. 
“Who is that?” I ask, unable to keep the shock from my voice. 
“Mi esposa,” Ricky says. “My wife.”
My jaw practically hits the floor as I stare at Ricky in disbelief. This guy is probably ninety pounds wet. His woman has to be three or four times his size. 
Andrés pulls me aside and whispers in my ear. “Try not to think about them having sex,” he says, laughter ringing in each word.  
I flush and turn away, trying to hide my embarrassment. Ricky doesn’t look like he hears us as he continues to sketch his wife.  
Andrés is laughing when he kisses me goodbye. He adds with a smile, “It takes all kinds, mija.” Though he’s flashing a teasing grin, I see a knowing look in his eyes, and I understand the full weight of his meaning. 
You can’t find two more different people than a pampered white girl and a poor Mexican mechanic, yet somehow we are finding a way to make it work. But for how long? I wonder. Will this thing we have together work out in the long run, or will we go our separate ways after I finish college? The thought of losing Andrés saddens me, and my depression shows in my work. I paint a sad tiger next to the fierce lion and the horny cheetah. When I’m finally finished, I can’t help but laugh at my crazy felines.  They remind me so much of my own dysfunctional family. 
     
* * * 

The rest of the week passes by in a blur. After five days, I’ve already earned over three-thousand dollars, which is nothing short of amazing. At first, I was thinking of this as a summer job, but after I get my degree, I don’t know if I can make this much money as a curator or from my own studio. 
The best thing about my job is, this money is all mine. I earned it, and I can spend it how I want. I’ve already got my eye on the apartment below Grace. I have enough money for the deposit, and first and last month’s rent. I just need to fill the place with furniture. That won’t take long, considering all the work Tio has for me. 
Something else about this new job of mine: I am realizing I don’t need a man to provide for me. Jackson will probably earn in one day what I earn in a week once he starts working for his father’s company, but that doesn’t bother me. Marrying rich has always been my mother’s idea, not mine. I just want to be with a man who makes me happy. Is that so much to ask?
Speaking of my mom, I’m so busy, I only see her once, and that’s just to stop by for a change of clothes. She doesn’t say a word to me as I rush inside and shove panties and jeans into my bag. I’m driving myself to work now that the crew finally convinced Andrés they’ll be on their best behavior. I follow him to the little taco place for breakfast every morning, and then he brings me lunch every day. I spend my days working at Tio’s shop, and my nights making love to Andrés, but in between, I’m over at Mrs. Peterson’s house. 
Yeah, there’s a reason Karri never showed up to pick up Tyler. She’s in jail. Busted for buying drugs off an undercover officer. Mrs. Peterson isn’t making Karri’s bail. She’s letting her daughter sit in that cell as long as possible, hoping she’ll have time to detox. I hope so, but I don’t get my hopes up. In the meantime, Mrs. Peterson has Tyler full-time. I come over each evening to give Mrs. Peterson a few hours to clean her house and take a break. The poor woman looks so drained by the time I show up.  
Andrés has gone with me twice to Mrs. Peterson’s house. I’m totally amazed at how much Tyler loves Andrés. Tyler squeals and giggles wildly when Andrés chases him around the floor on all fours. I love how good Andrés is with him. My dad never gave me the time of day until I developed boobs. I wonder what kind of father Andrés would make, and then I berate myself for caring. I’m not having kids with him, or with anyone, so it doesn’t matter. There’s no way I’m bringing a helpless baby into this world, not when I’ve seen how ugly the world can be.
But despite my resolve, I have this stupid crazy dream that Andrés and I are married with two daughters. They are adorable, with tanned skin, long black hair, and big green eyes.  As if the dream isn’t stressful enough, Andrés’s horrifying screams wake me.  
“No! No! No!” He’s tossing and turning and pounding the bed. “Save him! Please!”
I jerk up and turn on the light before gently shaking him. When he finally comes to, his eyes are glossy, and the pain in his features is enough to break my heart. 
“I’m sorry I woke you,” he says as he sits up and rubs the sleep from his eyes. 
I place my hand over his. “Do you want to talk about it?” 
He shakes his head, turns his palm up, and squeezes my hand. Then he kisses me on the cheek, rolls over, and goes back to sleep. 
I lie down next to him and wrap my arm around his waist. I don’t say anything, but I’m worried. I’m pretty sure his dream pertains to his time in the war. We haven’t discussed his other life before, but there are times when we’re eating lunch, he stiffens and gets this haunted expression in his eyes. It only lasts for a few minutes, but it’s long enough that I know Andrés is battling inner demons. As I lie here beside him, I want to tell Andrés I’m here for him, but I can already hear his deep breathing, and I don’t want to wake him.
I know how ugly those demons can get, because one time I nearly let my past ruin my future. The one-year anniversary of the night my father raped me, I overdosed on Ecstasy. If it wasn’t for Karri, I would have died. The other teens at the party were afraid they’d get busted if she called an ambulance, but she called one, anyway. Two days in the hospital and several months of my mother’s incessant nagging cured me of my addiction. 
Besides, if I allowed my father’s abuse to drive me to an early grave, he would have won. He’s taken so much away from me already. I’ll be damned if I will let him take away my future. 

* * * 

Andrés
I know I should be grateful for five nights in a row with no nightmares. I keep telling myself last night was just a fluke. Besides, the dream only lasted a few moments, and then Christina was there holding me, soothing me as I fell back to sleep. I feel a wave of shame wash over me when I realize she’s seen me cry. I don’t want her to know about the dreams, about the guilt I carry with me each day for surviving the attack that killed my best friend. 
But now she knows I’m damaged. I’m not just some Latin Adonis, as she’s affectionately called me more than once. I have a much darker side, one that I’m afraid to share for fear she’ll turn and run in the other direction. 
I sit up and swing my legs over the side of the bed. I smell coffee brewing and hear the shower running. I’m usually the one to wake up first and make the coffee. I wonder why she let me sleep in. Was it out of pity? Another wave of shame washes over me. 
My gaze settles on my phone on the nightstand and I know why the nightmare resurfaced. Letty called me while I was at work yesterday. We still share some mutual friends, and she wanted to know if I’d heard about Michael’s birthday party. Actually, I hadn’t heard about it, which just shows how dependable my friends are. Maybe they blame me like I blame myself. Like Letty blames me. 
Judging by the tone of her voice, I know Letty was trying to discourage me from coming down, but there is no way I’m going to miss it. I made a promise to my best friend, and I’m not about to break it. I’m determined to drive down to San Antonio this weekend, even if it means the nightmares will come back. 

* * *

It’s Friday morning, my last day of work before the weekend. We’re eating chorizo and egg burritos, loaded with extra salsa. Usually during breakfast, we share little parts of ourselves, nothing too deep that I can’t handle. For instance, I tell Andrés my dad died of a heart attack three years ago. I do not tell him my dad was a disgusting, rapist assnugget. No, I decide to leave that part off. I do tell him that my parents weren’t really there for me while I was growing up, and my mom and I don’t exactly have the same values. 
I learn his mom died when he was a child, and his aunt and uncle raised him. He never mentions his father, so I let it go. After all, I can totally relate. I think we’re done making small talk, but I can tell Andrés has something else on his mind. He glances away when I catch him eyeing me. 
He’s making me uncomfortable and ruining my euphoric breakfast experience. How can I enjoy the warm, buttery tortilla and spicy eggs and meat when he’s eyeing me like that? What is up with him? I’m going crazy thinking of the possibilities. I hope he’s not going to ask me to wear his ring or permanently move in with him. I’m not ready for that kind of commitment. Or worse, maybe he’s grown tired of me and is ready to call it quits. Maybe he wants to talk about his dream last night. That’s what I’m hoping, anyway. I’d rather discuss his demons than have to tell him we need to slow down.  
He swallows a gulp of coffee and clears his throat. 
 I clutch the side of the table, looking into his penetrating eyes. 
His hands are shaking, and I think I see a bead of sweat on his brow. 
Oh, Gawd, I shouldn’t have stayed every night at his apartment. 
“I’m going to a party in San Antonio this weekend,” he says on a rush of air. “Do you want to come?”
I quirk a brow. “A party? What kind of party?” 
Okay, little known fact about me, despite all of my “issues,” I still love a good party, as long as there’s games and free beer. 
He shrugs, and I can tell he’s uncomfortable; he averts his gaze more than once. “It’s just a birthday party for my friend’s kid.”
My face falls. I instantly regret my reaction, but I’ve got an expressive face and am not good at hiding my feelings. I shouldn’t have taken him to see Tyler. Next, Andrés will want me to meet his family, and then I’ll feel obligated to introduce him to my mother, which I know will end badly.  
“We only have to stay an hour, and then we can tour The Riverwalk,” he says. “I’ll book us a room overlooking the water.”
Only an hour? Okay, much better. Maybe this party is more of an obligation and not a way for him to bring our relationship to the next level. 
“That sounds nice,” I say before taking a sip of coffee. The warm beverage is soothing, and I swirl it in my mouth for a minute in an attempt to calm my nerves. I shouldn’t be rattled over a little birthday party, anyway. 
“I’ll understand if you don’t want to go.” His voice deflates with every word. “I don’t want to go, either.” His shoulders slump and he looks down at his half-eaten taco. 
“Then why don’t you cancel?” I ask. 
He jerks his head up, and there is resolve in his eyes.  “I made a promise to my friend, and I have to keep it.”
I’ve lived a lifetime of broken promises: parents breaking their vows to one another, and then breaking my trust, as well. I’ve had friends and then Jackson let me down more times than I can count. Wouldn’t it be awesome if Andrés wasn’t like the others? But I don’t dare allow myself the chance to hope. Things are going great now, but that doesn’t mean they’ll stay that way. There’s got to be something wrong with him.  
I look intently at Andrés. “Do you keep all of your promises?”
“Yes.” He says this without batting an eye. 
My parents took me to The Riverwalk when I was twelve. I’ll never forget the beauty of the place. We’d eaten at a little cantina along the river, and I just couldn’t take in enough of the sights around me. Shady live oaks lined the path beside the colorful restaurants, Mariachi bands played lively music, and a family of ducks splashed in the water just a few feet from my chair.
A beautiful setting for what could have been a perfect day had I been with reasonable, sane parents. But my mom and dad were bickering again. She was calling him swear words, and then they both screamed at the waiter who’d interrupted their argument to ask for their order.
Everyone was looking at us, and I was so humiliated. I slouched in my chair, wishing I could sink deep beneath the table, all the way to China.  I had brought my sketch pad along, but I was no longer in the mood to draw, even though I had my sights on that family of ducks. We ended up driving back to Austin that night rather than staying at our riverside hotel. 
Most of our family vacations usually ended the same way. 
I wonder what a trip to the Alamo City would be like with Andrés. As I look at the warmth reflected in his eyes, I have a feeling our trip will have a happier ending.    
Besides, my fingers are itching to capture the beauty of the river, and not just with a sketch pad. I want to capture all the colors of San Antonio. “Can I bring my paints?”  
For the first time this morning, Andrés breaks into a wide grin. “Sure.” Then he leans over and kisses my cheek. 
For the moment, I think going on this trip is a good decision.  For the moment, I even dare to hope Andrés isn’t like all of the other people who’ve let me down. 


Chapter Eighteen 

The Alamo City is more beautiful than I remember. Maybe it has something to do with who I’m with. It’s late Saturday morning. Andrés was able to check us into our hotel early, so I’m standing on the second floor balcony, soaking up the sights and sounds of The Riverwalk.  Bright red and blue boats drift by carrying rows of tourists, who admire the sights. Despite the warm summer, there’s a cool breeze blowing through the branches of the overhanging trees. I have already spotted several duck families meandering on the river. The faint sound of mariachi music carries from one of the restaurants below. 
And the smell. Heavenly. 
I’ve already spotted where I want to have dinner, a local rib joint we passed this morning on a brief tour of The Riverwalk. Andrés is writing a message on a birthday card for his friend’s kid. He’s lost in thought, and I wonder why it’s so difficult to sign a card, but I don’t say anything because I’m frantically moving my brush across the canvas, trying to capture as many scenes as possible. The river and duck family are finished, but the rest of the landscape has so much color and character, I realize I could paint all day and all evening if I had the time. 
I hear movement behind me and sense Andrés is finished with his card. 
“Do you mind if we get going?” he asks. “The party is at noon, and I’ve never been there before.”
That’s odd, because on the way down here I thought I remember Andrés telling me this little boy’s father was his best friend’s son. 
“You’ve never been to your best friend’s house?” I say, but I know my question sounds more like an accusation, and I don’t mean for it to come out this way. 
“I’ve been to his house,” he says. “But his family moved to a new one after he died.”
“Oh.” I barely mouth the words. Now I get why he had to go to this party. Andrés’s words from yesterday come back to haunt me. I made a promise to my friend.  
I suspect his friend died when they were fighting together. Andrés probably promised he’d look after his friend’s family, but I’m afraid I’ll upset him if I ask for more details. I’ll wait until Andrés is ready to tell me the entire story. Until then, I get the feeling this party is going to be more than awkward. 

* * * 

It takes almost an hour to drive to this place, a little ranch house on the outside of San Antonio. There are plenty of shady oaks on the property, which is good, because the sun is already bearing down on us. There’s a corral in back with horses, and I can hear kids splashing in a pool. As I wipe a bead of sweat off my brow, I’m wishing I would have brought my bathing suit from the hotel. I could actually go for a swim. 
I peek over at Andrés as we walk across the gravel to the front door. Deep lines are etched in his forehead. He’s frowning as he clutches a box wrapped in blue dinosaurs. 
I grab his hand and entwine my fingers through his. His palm is sweaty, and I get the feeling it’s not just because of the heat. 
There’s already a woman standing behind the screen door when we walk up the porch steps. The porch is decorated with blue and green balloons with a big “Happy Birthday Michael” banner stretching across the top.  
But Andrés is not looking at the banner. His gaze is centered on the scowling woman. She’s young, probably a few years older than me, and very pretty, with tanned skin and large almond eyes. 
 Andrés comes to a standstill in front of the door. The woman has the screen open a crack, but doesn’t seem inclined to let us inside. A small child with big almond eyes and dark, tanned skin, just like his mother, is clutching her leg with one hand and a sippy cup with the other.  
Nobody says a word, as I hang slightly behind Andrés, wondering what I should do. Andrés tightens his grasp on my hand when the woman clears her throat. 
“I didn’t think you’d come,” she says as she tosses a thick, chestnut ponytail behind her shoulder. 
“I told you I would.” Andrés’s tone is even, lacking emotion, but I can hear the slightest crack beneath the smooth words. 
“How long are you staying?” she asks. She makes no effort to open the door. 
“We’re only in town for the weekend.” Andrés tilts his head and nods toward me. 
I wish he wouldn’t have. I wish they would continue to pretend I’m invisible. 
The woman shifts her gaze to me, not for very long, but long enough so I read the resentment in her glare.  She looks back at Andrés and speaks through a tightened jaw. “No, I mean at the party.” 
Andrés heaves a sigh while shaking his head. “We won’t stay long.”
She looks down at the little boy who’s still clutching her leg. “Manny, go get Michael.” 
The child releases his mother’s leg and toddles off behind her. I still don’t know this woman’s name, and she doesn’t know mine. Considering she hasn’t invited us inside the house, I’m not expecting an introduction any time soon. 
A little boy not much bigger than his brother comes dashing toward the door. He squeezes past his mother’s legs, squealing. 
“Michael!” she calls to the boy, but he doesn’t bother to turn around. 
Andrés releases my hand and goes down on one knee while setting the package beside him. Michael launches himself into Andrés’s arms.  
I nearly break down and cry when I see the way Andrés holds Michael, when I see the way the child clutches him back. 
When Michael squirms out of Andrés’s grip, Andrés’s eyes are cloudy. “Hey, amigo. How you doing?” he asks in a strained voice. 
The boy shrugs. He turns to his mother, who nods, and I realize the understanding they share runs deeper than words. He turns back to Andrés. “Okay, I guess.” 
Andrés clutches the boy’s shoulder as he hands him the gift. “I hear it’s your special day. I brought you something.” 
“Cool!” Michael jerks the present out of Andrés’s hands and shreds the wrapping paper in a matter of seconds. “Look, mami!” he screams, holding up the box for his mother to see. 
It’s a remote-controlled helicopter, one of the pricier ones. I saw one just like it at the mall for over a hundred dollars. 
Michael doesn’t wait for his mother’s response as he turns to Andrés. There’s a sparkle in the child’s eyes that speaks volumes. Michael adores Andrés, and I can’t say I blame him. But why is Michael’s mother so cold? 
Michael puffs up his chest and his expression turns serious. “I’ve wanted a helicopter my whole life.” 
The child’s reaction would have been comical if the tension radiating of his mother hadn’t been so thick. 
Andrés’s expression is as stoic as the boy’s. “I know.” 
“Thank you, Uncle Andrés,” Michael says as he turns over the box in his hands. “Will you teach me how to fly it?”
Andrés looks up at Michael’s mother and his shoulders fall ever so slightly. If the woman’s eyes were weapons, they’d be firing missiles at Andrés. 
Now I’m irked. What had happened between them that she has to act like such a bitch? 
“He has to get back to the party,” the woman says through a frozen smile as she cracks open the screen and holds out her hand to the boy. “Come on, Michael.”
Michael stomps a foot and turns his back on his mother. Andrés slowly comes to his feet and gives the boy a gentle nudge. 
“I can come by tomorrow and show him,” Andrés says to the woman. “I saw a park down the street. I’ll only have him out for a few hours.” 
Her eyes narrow and her forced smile thins completely. “One hour.” 
Andrés heaves a sigh and then nods. “I’ll be by tomorrow around nine.” He leans over and pries the box from Michael’s hands. Michael jumps up, trying to grab his present from Andrés. 
“No,” Andrés gently scolds. “You don’t know how to use it yet.” He smiles and pats the boy on the head. “You can wait until tomorrow. Go back to the party. It’s rude to leave your friends.”   
Michael’s lower lip drops and his eyes water. 
“Michael,” Andrés leans over and whispers to him, “I’ll be back tomorrow. I promise.”
The boy nods and dashes through the door. 
The woman doesn’t say good-bye as she closes the screen and slams another heavy door behind it. 
Andrés and I don’t say a word as we climb back into his truck and make the long drive back to our hotel. 

* * * 

After our awkward trip, we eat a late lunch at a barbeque joint beside the river. Andrés picks at his food, and even though the warm, buttery bread melts in my mouth, and the savory, smoky pork falls off the rib bones, I don’t eat each much, either. Instead, I take in the sights. I smile and wave at a brightly painted gondola of tourists as they float past our table. A mariachi band is serenading someone having a birthday a few tables down. It’s beyond hot outside, and I am almost tempted to jump into the murky water. Luckily, a breeze is picking up, making the weather more bearable. 
After lunch, we stroll hand-in-hand down a winding pathway. We come to a courtyard at the end of the river, ensconced by beautiful foliage and flowers. A four-story glass building abuts the end of the river, and pan flute music fills the courtyard, the sound echoing off the walls of the building and filling my heart and soul with beauty. We are standing along a bridge, and I am entranced. My fingers itch for my paints, but I fear I won’t be able to capture the magic of this place. Still, I pull out my phone and snap several photos. A nearby couple asks if they’d like them to take our picture, and Andrés holds me tight for the shot.
We wander some more, until we find ourselves in our room. Andrés says he needs to use the bathroom, and I waste no time settling back in front of my painting on the balcony. It doesn’t take me long to find my rhythm. I feel inspiration take over as I will my hand to do what my muse commands. I’m just adding the finishing touches when Andrés comes up behind me.    
“You’re so good at what you do,” he says, a touch of sadness in his voice. “I feel like we’re holding you back making you paint boats and trucks. Your work should be in galleries.” 
I know Andrés is still upset over the incident today. I suspect whatever has caused this woman to hate Andrés is far more complex than just him showing up unexpected to a birthday party. 
“Maybe one day,” I say, setting my brush in the can of water beside the easel, “but I love working for your uncle, and I still have to get my degree, anyway.” Then I add, hesitantly, because we still haven’t discussed my future working arrangements. “Do you think your uncle will let me work part-time in the fall?”
Andrés laughs as he leans against the railing. “I think he’ll do just about anything to keep you working for us.”
“So what are your plans?” Funny, because I don’t flinch after I ask him. It’s almost like I don’t care anymore if he wants to work for his uncle for the rest of his life, because as each days passes, my mom’s opinion of who I date matters less and less. 
“Tio’s giving me a few shops to manage when he retires,” Andrés says as he casts his gaze out on the river. “I need to go back to school and take a few more business courses.” 
 “You went to college?” My mouth falls open, and then I quickly clamp it shut.
I mentally berate myself for showing my surprise. 
He looks at me from beneath his lashes, and I see the faintest smile tug the corners of his lips. He’s probably thinking I’m some stuck up college snot. 
He casts his gaze back over the water. “I went to community college before I dropped out and joined the Army.” 
Now curiosity has gotten the best of me. “Why’d you drop out?” 
He stiffens, and I know he feels uncomfortable talking about it. “I was getting into trouble.” His voice drops. I have to strain to hear him. “My uncle said it was either join the military or he’d cut me off.” 
A knot twists in my gut. I knew he was too good to be true. “What kind of trouble?” I ask with trepidation, knowing I may not want to hear the answer. 
His eyes cloud over with memories. “Drinking, drugs, you know.” 
My hands start to shake, and I instinctively grab my brush, needing something to hold on to. I like Andrés, but we can’t get serious if he’s a user.  I can’t watch someone else I care about go down that path. 
“Yeah, I know.” I squeeze my brush so tight, I fear it may snap in two. “I’m having that problem with Karri.” 
Andrés steps toward me until we are merely a breath apart. He gently pries the brush from my hands and places it on the easel. “I’m clean now.” His breath is warm on my cheek. “I only had those beers when we went dancing.” 
He tilts my chin up until I’m looking deeply into his penetrating gaze. He does not blink, and something about the softness of his smile makes me want to trust him. 
“I believe you,” I finally say on an exhale. 
And then he captures my mouth in the most exquisite kiss ever. I moan as I lean against him. He runs his hands the length of my spine and settles them on the small of my back before finally moving lower. I groan when he presses me into the rock hard erection beneath his denim. 
He lifts me into his strong arms and carries me to the bed. He takes his time undressing me, favoring every inch of my skin with delicate kisses. But the way he cups each of my breasts in his hands and suckles my nipples is nearly my undoing. I arch against him and cry out. “Please, Andrés. Come in me.”
He chuckles against my chest before lavishing kisses across my collar bone. “Patience, mija.” 
He finds my sensitive cleft and strokes, before he dips one, and then two fingers inside me. He continues to tease my cleft with the pad of his thumb. When he starts suckling my nipple again, I come undone. I barely have time to cry out when the orgasm tears through me. I clench the sheets and arch my back as my core pulsates around his fingers. His hand stills for only a moment, and he switches to my other nipple and begins to stroke me again.  It doesn’t take him long to build me toward that second climax. 
I whimper when he pulls out of me, just as I am bracing myself for another orgasm. But he’s only gone for a few seconds, before he’s slipping on a condom and sliding deep into me. 
He covers my body with his and whispers into my ear, “So wet. So tight.”
And then he’s tunneling into me, with slow, deliberate thrusts. My hands claw his ass as he moves with agonizing slowness. I’m pressing against him, thrashing beneath his body, begging him to go faster. Harder.
“Patience,” he says again, kissing my temple. “Relax.”
I reluctantly give in and relax, because I think if I do what he says, he’ll reward me by thrusting harder. But he doesn’t. I groan as he continues to slowly, deliberately, slide in and out of me. But then he starts butting his length against my womb, and the pleasure ripples through me so strongly, I feel powerless to do anything but match each thrust while clutching his shoulders. 
Again, my orgasm is building, surging. He’s kissing my lips, and I wrap his face in my hands and kiss him back, groaning into his mouth as the first wave consumes me. He grunts, and then thrusts deeper, jarring me and causing more and more waves of pleasure to wash over me. He deepens the kiss and groans as he throbs deep inside me. I wrap my legs tightly around him as he presses deeper into my womb and then stills.  
He rolls onto his side and pulls me with him, showering my neck and face with kisses. This moment is so powerful, so beautiful, I’m sad to see it end. And now I understand why Andrés told me to slow down. He didn’t just want to have sex. He wanted to make love. The realization hits me hard and squeezes my chest.
What started out as one night of random sex with a total stranger has turned into something more, and now I’m thinking Andrés might actually be “the one.” Funny, because I should be jumping out of bed and racing for the nearest exit, but I’m not. I smooth my hand down the small patch of hair on his chest and wrap my arm around his waist. I kiss his collarbone and neck before snuggling against him.   
He kisses the top of my head before murmuring against my ear. “We hit a roadside bomb in Afghanistan. I blacked out, and when I came to, James was on top of me. He was shredded. I was in shock. I couldn’t hear anything. I couldn’t do anything. The medics said he died on impact. There was nothing I could do. But I was the driver. It was my fault.” His voice cracks and he pulls away, lying on his back with his arm draped over his eyes. 
I freeze because I don’t know what to say. Andrés lost his best friend. I can’t imagine losing Karri or Grace.  I know Andrés blames himself for something beyond his control, and my heart clenches when I hear him sniffling.  
I roll onto my stomach and come up on my elbows. He’s shaking as he wipes his eyes with the backs of his hands. 
“It wasn’t your fault, Andrés,” I say, but then I feel stupid. I’m sure he’s heard that at least a hundred times.   
“Letty thinks it was my fault. That’s why she hates me,” he says. 
I assume Letty is Michael’s mother and James’s widow.  
He sits up and looks at me with watery eyes. I want to launch myself into his arms and kiss away his pain. 
“Look.” He points to a small, jagged scar on his calf. “A piece of shrapnel hit me here. That’s it. My only injury.”
I trace my finger along the scar, and lean over and kiss it, lingering on his wound for a long moment. Then I sit up and lock gazes with him. He’s no longer crying, but his eyes are red-rimmed and his features are hard, making his face look like a mask of stone.  
“James is dead because of me,” he says in a voice tight with emotion. “Now his sons will grow up without a father. It should have been me. I didn’t have anyone to live for.” 
Wet heat stings the backs of my eyes. I crawl over him and settle myself in his lap. I reach out and stroke the side of his face before planting a kiss on his cheek. “You do now,” I whisper against his mouth.   

* * * 

The next day we take Michael to the park. I watch with admiration as Andrés patiently teaches the little boy how to operate the remote control. When we return him to his mother, a little over an hour later, she’s scowling at us again from behind the screen door. She shuts the door in Andrés’s face without even a “thank you” or a “good-bye.” 
Andrés turns to me and shrugs, but I can tell he’s upset as he trudges back to his truck without a word. It’s entirely unfair of her to treat Andrés like this. I’m tempted to bang on that screen door and give her a piece of my mind, but I remind myself this woman is grieving. I’ve never known the feeling of losing a loved one, so I don’t feel I have the right to judge her. Still, I hope she comes to realize Andrés isn’t to blame for her husband’s death. 
I remember Andrés telling me he made a promise to his best friend, and I realize the significance of that promise. Before James died, Andrés had promised his friend he’d look after his kids if anything happened to him. Letty was making it nearly impossible for Andrés to fulfill his vow, but he wasn’t giving up. 
I have to admire that about Andrés. He honors his promises. I think of the other men in my life, like my father or Jackson. They would have turned around and gotten back in the truck when they realized they weren’t welcome, or worse, they probably wouldn’t have shown up at all.  
As Andrés hits the accelerator and we drive down 35 back to Austin, I reach over and rest my hand on his. He turns his palm up and laces his fingers through mine. We sit in silence for the rest of the trip, and I keep thinking how lucky I am to have found this amazing man. 

* * * 

Andrés
I can’t stop thinking how lucky I am to have found this amazing woman as her words from last night replay in my mind. 
You do now, she told me when I said I had no one to come home to.  
I keep telling myself this thing we have together might not last, but even after I’ve revealed my inner demons, she’s still beside me, her hand entwined with mine. I have to be the luckiest man in the world. And yet, even as I think it, a wave of shame overcomes me. 
James wasn’t lucky. My best friend had a bright future ahead of him after he got out of the Army. Like, Christina, he was an amazing artist.  I already had a job lined up for James at Tio’s shop. 
But James is dead now, while I’m fortunate enough to go on living. Why me? What have I done to deserve life? What have I done to deserve Christina?
But when she lays her head on my shoulder and snuggles up against my arm, despair and grief are replaced by longing and hope. Maybe I do deserve this. Either way, I’m not about to give her up. She means too much to me.


Chapter Nineteen

I do not want to go home, but I am out of clean clothes, plus I need to refuel art supplies. Andrés says I can paint in his kitchen, and I really want to try my hand at that beautiful courtyard on The Riverwalk. 
I pull in front of the house and heave a frustrated groan. Mom’s car is parked in the circular driveway. Great. 
I notice Marta’s little station wagon is also parked in the drive. Marta is our Mexican housekeeper. Her choppy English bothers Mother, so she usually makes up some excuse like having a migraine, and keeps to her room while Marta cleans. If I’m lucky, I can slip in quietly without being seen or heard by my mother, grab what I need, and be back out the door before she knows I’m there.
No such luck.  
The Spitting Cobra is waiting for me when I walk into the foyer. She must have some kind of guilt trip radar I’m unaware of.
“Oh, how nice of you to stop by,” she hisses.
I roll my eyes and walk past her, practically flying up the stairs in an effort to escape her venom. But, since my mother loves a good fight, I can feel her serpentine tongue lapping at my heels as she follows me to my room. 
She eyes me through slitted lids as I pack my bag with clean clothes. “Where are you going?”
“To Andrés’s house,” I answer curtly. 
“No, you’re not.” She comes over and tosses my bag to the floor. “If you absolutely must date minorities, then stick to Asians.” She wags a manicured finger in my face. “They are far more ambitious.” 
She stuns me into silence. I gape at her for a long moment. Is this woman for real? 
But she’s not fazed by my reaction. “I met some Asians at the country club today,” she rambles on in a haughty tone. “Very nice people, and they have a single son who’s not bad looking for an Asian. They made their fortune in fast food. Can you believe it? They own those little Noodle Express restaurants. It’s a nationwide chain. Anyway, they’ve invited us to their dinner party tonight.” She arches a penciled brow and twists her plump lips in a scowl. “Are you listening to me?”
I eye her with disdain. “Unfortunately.”
“Darling, if you want to have sex with a Mexican laborer, then by all means enjoy yourself, but you’re seeing this boy far too often. Imagine what my friends will say if they think you two are a couple.” She turns up her nose and makes a face of disgust, as if she’s just eaten something sour.  
“Mom.” I groan while looking her dead in the eye. “We are a couple.”
Her face turns bright red, and I back away, waiting for The Cobra to strike. 
“I don’t believe it.” She throws up her hands. “You would really throw away the chance to marry into one of the richest families in Texas for a poor, dumb, Mexican?” 
I know she emphasizes the word “dumb” to hurt me. 
“Just because he’s a poor Mexican, doesn’t make him stupid,” I growl. 
I hear the sound of a woman clearing her throat and spin around. Marta is behind me, clutching a scrub brush in one hand and a bucket in the other. The heavy-set woman’s usually tanned cheeks are flushed a bright pink. 
“What do you want?” Mother snaps. 
“I’m finished cleaning downstairs,” Marta says in firm tone with only a slight accent. 
“Fine.” Mom waves her away. “Get busy on the rest.”
Marta narrows her eyes at Mother. “I don’t think so, señora.” She drops the brush and bucket on the padded carpet, sloshing grey, soapy water everywhere, and then stomps off. 
“Marta? Where are you going?” Mother shrieks as she pushes past me and races after her. “My bathrooms need to be cleaned! I’ve got soap scum in my shower!”
I seize the moment to pull my phone out of my purse and fire off a text to Grace. Is that apartment still available?
She responds right away. Yep. 
Relief floods through me. I have to get out of this house. Could you please hold it for me? I can put down the deposit today.
I’ll go tell the manager right now, she answers. 
Mom is back, stomping into my room so hard, I swear she’s going to break an ankle in those flimsy heels. “Now look at what you’ve done! Who’s going to scrub my toilets?”
I look at her coolly. Even though the anger welling up inside me is threatening to split my skull in two, I will not let this snake know she unnerves me. “I’m moving out.”
Her eyes bulge. “What?”
I turn back to my packing. “I can’t live here anymore.” 
“You think it’s going to be easy on your own, but it’s not.” She laughs. “Do you think you can pay the bills painting cars?”
I’m so aggravated now, I’m seeing red, but I don’t show it as I turn and flash a slow and deliberate smile. “I made almost four thousand dollars last week. I’m not a math major, but I’m pretty sure that’s a six-figure yearly income.”
She folds her arms across her chest and taps her chin with her finger. “Jackson will be making seven figures.”
I roll my eyes. “I don’t give a damn what Jackson makes.”
“Fine, move out!” She waves wildly at the big, ugly, four-poster bed. “But you can’t take the bed!”
“That gaudy nightmare?” A shrill burst of laugher escapes my throat. “I don’t even like that bed.”
“Liar,” she snaps. “You begged me to buy it.”
Rage overpowers me. I’m so beyond angry, I finally snap. “That’s because I couldn’t stand sleeping in a rape bed!” I scream. 
I’ve kept my father’s molestation a secret for so long because I didn’t want to hurt my mother. I always thought there was no sense in ruining both of our lives, but the woman has obviously never given a damn about me. Telling her about it will do no good because my abuser is dead now, but I’m not trying to do good. I’m trying to hurt her like she’s always hurt me. 
When she just stands there, this vacant stare in her eyes, I can’t tell if she’s in shock, or just doesn’t care. I tell myself it has to be shock. No mother would be that cruel. I should have kept that secret locked away. I curse myself for deliberately hurting my mother. Sure, she’s an evil, sadistic bitch, but that doesn’t mean I need to be one, too. 
But there’s nothing I can do about it now. I walk past my mother, who’s turned to stone. 
When I walk outside, nearly blinded by the hot, Texas sun, I notice Karri’s mom’s car parked in the driveway. I lift open the hatch on my vehicle and place my bag of clothes inside.  
To my surprise, Karri walks up to me. She’s got this sheepish look on her face, like a kid who was caught with her hand in the candy jar.
“Hey.” She nods toward my open trunk. “You moving out?”
“Yeah.” I push my bag to the back and make room for my art supplies. “I got an apartment.”
I turn to her; she’s rocking on her heels. She’s not wearing any makeup. Her skin is a ghostly pallor. Her eyes are framed by dark circles and heavy lines. I realize she looks far older than me, even though we’re only separated by a few months. That’s what heavy drugs will do to a person. 
“My mom told me you got a job.” She smiles, but I can tell it’s forced. “Awesome.” She’s really not happy for me. Or maybe she’s just not happy in general. 
“So your mom bailed you out?” I lean against my trunk and fold my arms over my chest. My gaze shoots to my upstairs bedroom window. I don’t see my mother, which could be a good sign. Still, I need to finish it up with Karri fast. I don’t trust that woman alone with my paints. 
  Karri shrugs, averting her gaze. “No. Someone else did.”
I arch a brow but don’t say anything. Who is this “someone else?” I’m afraid she probably owes a favor to one of her druggie boyfriends. 
 Karri chews on her lower lip, her gaze darting to me before she looks away again. “I’m going away to rehab. Maybe for several months.”
I gasp. Rehab is expensive. I fear Karri’s mom and dad will go broke, but I’m also hopefu Karri will finally straighten out. And then I worry about Tyler.
“Your mom’s going to take care of Tyler all that time?”
She shakes her head, keeping her gaze downcast. “No, that’s what I came over to tell you.” When she finally looks up at me, her eyes are glossy and red-rimmed.  “I’ve been a bad friend, Christina. A really bad friend.” She sniffles and lets out a mournful sob. “I’m sorry.” 
I grab Karri and pull her to me, wrapping her in a tight hug. I’m hoping to soothe her, but this makes her bawl even more. “It’s okay.” I pat her on the back like I do to Tyler whenever he’s upset. “The important thing is you are going to get professional help.” 
She jerks out of my embrace. The feral look in her eyes reminds me of a wounded animal. “No! That’s not what I’m talking about.” She drags the back of her hand across her watery eyes. “Jackson’s parents bailed me out. They’re paying for my rehab.” She ends on another sob and hugs herself.   
“Jackson’s parents?” I ask, feeling momentarily confused, but when the realization hits me like a brick to the head, I want so much to deny the truth. “Why them?” I rasp. 
More tears flow down her face. “I just told them about Ty yesterday. They’re doing it for him. They don’t give a shit about me, but it’s free therapy, so I’ll take it.” She lets out a bitter laugh as she rolls her eyes. “I told you I was a bad friend.”
My brain is still trying to process what I’m hearing. What’s now so very obvious. “You fucked my fiancé?”
Karri bites her lip and nods. “It was the weekend you went to that sorority retreat. We met at a party. I wasn’t going to fuck him, but he promised me cocaine.”
I should be angry, but I’m disgusted more than anything. “You fucked him for drugs?”
Her shoulders and arms tremble. She’s still crying, and now her nose is running, too. I wonder if she’s genuinely upset that she hurt me, or maybe embarrassed she fucked a guy for drugs, or maybe she’s just in need of a good fix. 
“He kept telling me you wouldn’t mind, since we’d already had that threesome. It was a shitty thing to do, Christina, and I’m sorry. I don’t blame you if you don’t want to be my friend.” She looks at me and winces, kind of like she’s expecting me to strike out. I can’t stand to listen to another minute of her bullshit. Pain grips my chest, squeezing my heart in a vise, but I don’t let her see how much I’m hurting. I don’t give a damn that my fiancé cheated, but it is different with Karri. Even though we’ve had our differences, I’m not expecting such a betrayal. 
I march toward the house, so ready to put this life behind me. 
“Where are you going?” she calls.
I don’t answer as I continue walking and slam the door. 
My mom is no longer in my bedroom, so I am able to pack the rest of my stuff in peace. Well, relatively in peace, except for the dark thoughts that plague me. As I’m packing away my drawings, I come across the sketch I did of Ty. I remember how long that picture took me, and I realize now why I had such difficulty drawing his smile. Tyler has Jackson’s smile. Maybe that was my subconscious denying the truth. 
I should throw this drawing away, but I can’t. Despite who his parents are, I love that baby. I clutch his image to my chest and fall to my knees, crying, as a wave of grief washes over me. How could I have been so stupid? How could I have been so blind? 
I’ve trusted Karri all this time, and she’s turned out to be nothing more than a user. I’ve told Karri some of my darkest secrets, including the one about my dad. 
Wait.
Realization washes over me and I shoot to my feet, tossing the portrait into the box. Karri never kept that secret about my dad. That’s why my mom stared at me with that frozen expression instead of asking me what I meant about the rape bed. She already knew! 
I storm toward my mom’s bedroom. I don’t bother knocking when I throw open the door.  
She’s sitting at her cosmetics table, applying makeup to her already heavily painted eyes.  
I clench my hands and walk up to her. “Why didn’t you act surprised about the rape bed?” 
Mother doesn’t say anything as she unwinds a tube of lipstick and applies the red gloss to her lips.  
I feel like the wind has been sucked out of me, and I sway on my feet. She knew. All this time she knew! 
Tears prick the backs of my eyes, and I fight desperately to hold them back. I will not allow this woman, this horrible woman, to know how much she’s hurt me. “Why didn’t you do anything to help me?”
Mother turns, and beneath all that heavy makeup, I can see her eyes are foggy. Has she been crying? Does The Spitting Cobra actually have feelings? 
“I was afraid.” Her lower lip trembles as she speaks. “Your father is twice my size. What was I supposed to do?”
I shake my head. I refuse to let my mother get off that easily. The moment she found out, she should have filed for divorce at the very least. Despite the trembling in my limbs, and the churning in my gut, I jut my chin forward. I don’t care what it takes. I will make this woman realize her inaction was wrong. Terribly wrong! 
“You could have called the cops!” I yell. 
Mother gasps, splaying a manicured hand across her chest. “That kind of scandal would have ruined our family!”  The mock horror in her features is almost comical. “I confronted him the next day, and believe me, Christina, your father felt terrible about it.”
“The next day?” I barely breathe the words as shock numbs my brain. “The day after Karri told you?” 
She tilts her head and squints her eyes. “Told me what?”
I feel like I’m sinking into quicksand. It’s like my legs weigh a ton, and it takes all of my strength not to fall over. Memories wash over me. I screamed. Father slapped me and told me he’d slap me harder if I made another sound, but that scream was so loud, I was sure my mother would hear and come save me. 
But she never did. And now I know why. My mother has never given a shit about me. Never.  
White-hot rage consumes me. I let out a strangled cry before bearing down on her with a snarl. “You heard me screaming! You knew I was being raped and you did nothing!”
I run into her bathroom, slamming the door behind me as the knot in my gut suddenly unravels. I barely make it to the toilet before I’m heaving. I vomit for so long, I’m sure I’ve lost my breakfast and all of my dinner from last night. My eyes and throat are burning from the noxious smell, but I continue to throw up until nothing is left but bile. 
There is tapping on the outside of the door. “Christina, dear, are you okay?” Her voice is laced with sugary sweetness. “Do you need tissues?” 
That’s what she was saying, but I knew what she was thinking: “Try not to make a mess. I don’t have a housekeeper anymore.”


Chapter Twenty

Andrés
I don’t know what to expect when I ring the doorbell to Christina’s house, but it certainly isn’t a half-naked, drunk woman wielding an ivory statuette like a weapon. 
“I don’t have any money,” she slurs. “My stupid dead husband blew it all on that secretary he was fucking. He didn’t leave me shit for savings, either. All I got is this goddamn big house and a spoiled bitch daughter.”
I blink hard, thinking the crazed woman before me has to be an illusion. “I’m looking for Christina. She was supposed to be at my apartment hours ago, and I’m worried something happened.”
“Oh.” Her cool eyes sink into their sockets. The paper-thin skin on her face looks ready to split open as she pulls her lips back with a hiss. I’m reminded of a poisonous serpent preparing to strike. “You’re the not-stupid, but poor, Mexican? We were just fighting because of you. Now she’s gone.” She rears her head back and snarls. 
I take a step back, fearing the woman will launch an attack any minute. “Gone?” I summon the nerve to ask, even as a lead weight settles in my gut. “Where?”
“I don’t know.” The woman waves the statue in front of her, looking like she’s trying to swat an invisible fly. “But one thing I do know, my daughter was raised with wealth and privilege.” She eyes me with disdain. “She will not last long as your girlfriend, but it will be too late. Jackson won’t want her and her future will be ruined.”
I barely remember thanking the woman for her time as I find my way to my truck. I’ve always suspected I’m not worthy of happiness, especially not with a girl like Christina, and now her mother has just confirmed it. Still, I have to find her. She hasn’t answered any of my phone calls or text messages. I need to know she’s okay. I can’t live with myself if something has happened to her. There’s only one place I know of that she could be, her friend’s apartment with the little yappy dog. I only hope I can find her there. 

* * *

I don’t know how I have the strength, let alone the willpower, but Grace and I move all of my stuff into the tiny apartment, plus we carry her futon downstairs through the narrow doorway and set it below my bedroom window. 
The sun has finally gone down. I don’t know the time, because I turned off my phone hours ago. There’s no one I want to talk to. I just want to shut out the world. Grace won’t leave me alone. She knows I’m upset, but I tell her I’m too exhausted to talk, so she finally goes to her apartment. 
That’s when I fall onto my makeshift bed and sob. I cry so hard and for so long, I’m nearly in a stupor when I hear a heavy banging on my front door. I lie there in a motionless heap, hoping whoever it is will tire of knocking and go away. 
But the knocking continues, louder and louder, until I’m afraid it will wake all of the other tenants in the building. I can’t get kicked out just after I’ve moved in. 
I heave myself off the bed. I’m sore and tired, and it takes all of my energy to trudge to the door. When I look through the peephole, I burst into tears. 
Andrés is on the other side. I wonder how he knew where to find me, but I remember he’s taken me to Grace’s apartment before. He probably went there first, which means Grace is awake. I look through the peephole again, and her head peeks out from behind his shoulder. 
Damn. I don’t want to talk to anyone now, him least of all. How do I explain to Andrés the state I’m in? How do I tell him about my past? I can’t tell him. What would he think of me if he finds out I came from such sick, twisted parents? How would he feel, knowing he made love to a woman who’s been violated by her father?
Just the thought of what my dad did to me makes me feel unclean, but there’s not enough soap in the world to purge that man’s taint from my memories.  I clutch my sides, bracing myself for the surge as disgust and self-loathing wash over me, and I get the feeling of a thousand tiny insects crawling over my skin. For the past six years, I’ve been able to repress these emotions, but knowing my mother listened to me being raped and did nothing, I feel like I’m being raped all over again. All I want to do is go back to my bed and curl into a fetal ball. I do not want to talk to anyone. Not when I know they will never understand how I feel. 
“Christina!” Andrés calls as he bangs louder. “Open up!”
“You’re going to wake my neighbors.” Grace hisses behind him. 
I slide the chain over the top lock and crack open the door. 
Andrés looks like shit. His hair is a mess and there’s a wild look in his eyes. “I’ve been worried about you.” His voice is a plea. I don’t know why I was expecting him to yell at me, but he doesn’t. He presses against the door, and I can hear the emotion in his voice. “Please let me in, mija.” 
“Andrés,” I groan. “Now’s not a good time. I have a bad headache.” 
I try to shut the door, but he blocks it with his hand. “I know about your fight with your mom.” 
“She told you?”
His eyes are wide and misty, and I feel like shit for what I’m putting him through. “She says it’s my fault. She says I’m ruining your future.”
That selfish bitch. Can’t she let me have one good thing in my life? This is her way of punishing me for moving out. But my mother takes vengeance to a whole new level of twisted. She isn’t just trying to wound me. She’s trying to crush me. 
“She’s lying,” I say in the firmest tone I can manage. “This isn’t about you, Andrés.”
“Then who’s it about?” 
I shake my head as I choke on a sob. “I can’t say.”
He pulls away and drops his arm. “I don’t want to be the reason you’re fighting with her.”  
“You’re not. Please, Andrés,” I beg, “I just need to be alone for a while.”
When he turns and leaves without another word, I feel like I’m falling into an abyss, where everything good in my life is being pulled away from me.  I close the door and lean my forehead against the wood, as silent tears fall to the tile beneath my bare feet. I have no idea how long I stand there, before I trudge back to bed and fall into a restless sleep.    


Chapter Twenty-One

Andrés
It starts the same way, just like every other nightmare I’ve had. I’m navigating the Hummer down the windy incline. James is sitting beside me. Two fresh-faced soldiers, brand new to the unit, and to the Army, are in the back. I swerve when I see the pothole, and the force of the blast knocks the vehicle on its side. It skids down the incline for several yards, and when it finally comes to a halt, James, or what is left of James, is lying on top of me. 
I can’t do anything, I’m so numbed from shock. The blast knocks out my hearing, and I drift in and out of consciousness several times. I have no idea how long I lay there with my best friend’s body on top of me. Minutes? Hours? Of one thing I am certain: after the dust from the blast has settled, I hear not a sound from the other guys in the truck. Not a sound. But I scent their blood in the air. While I lay there in agony, waiting for help to arrive, I think I hear my friends’ lifeless corpses crying out to me, demanding to know why I dodged that pothole, when I should have known it was a trap.
But then the dream changes, and as I look at my friend lying on top on me, my heart stills. James is gone, and in his place is a woman. We are no longer in the Hummer but in my bed. Long, auburn hair fans my body as she sobs against my chest. 
“Why are you crying, mija?” I ask her. 
But she doesn’t look up as she continues to cry harder. Finally, she speaks through a muffled sob. “My life is ruined because of you.”
I try to soothe her by stroking her hair, but then the dream shifts again and James is back on top of me. I squirm beneath the weight of my friend, despite the agonizing pain that shoots up my leg when I move. Crying out, I choke on stale blood and dust. When I finally awake in a pool of sweat, chest heaving as I gasp for breath, I know without a doubt what that dream is trying to tell me. I’m no good for Christina. I’m no good for anyone. 
 
* * * 

I have no idea what time it is when I roll out of bed. I know it must be late. Great. I’m going to lose my new job and have no way to pay my bills. It takes me a while to find my phone beneath the heaps of clothes scattered all over the floor. When I power it on, I see it’s already nine am and I’ve got three missed voicemails. 
Shit! 
I listen to them in order from newest to oldest. The first one is from Andrés, left an hour ago. 
Hey, I called in sick for you. I figured you could use the day off. I’ll stop by to check on you after work. His tone is even. Almost. I can hear the cracks in his voice, and it breaks my heart.  
Still, I breathe easier knowing he called in for me. I should have known Andrés would do something so thoughtful. The boy is amazing, simply amazing, and he deserves far better than damaged goods. 
The next call came in just moments before Andrés’s message. I don’t recognize the number, so I figure it must be Tio or Ricky calling to find out where I am. Instead, I’m greeted by Jackson’s nasally whine. So I’m a fucking father now? Is this why you dumped me? Did you know about this? Why didn’t you tell me? I feel like a freaking bomb has been dropped on me, Teenie! 
Huh. Leave it to Jackson to find a way to make this all my fault. Stupid little prick. I’m so glad I dumped him. Funny, how I’m not really bothered by his infidelity. Karri’s betrayal stings far more.  
The third message was left last night by my mother. I don’t know why I torture myself by listening to it. I guess maybe I’m hoping for an apology. Stupid me. 
It’s not fair of you to judge me. You don’t know how much I suffered that night. How I’ve suffered every night since, the shame of knowing what kind of a man I married. Her ordinarily haughty voice is slurred, and I realize she must have been drinking. 
What about my shame? My suffering? I want so badly to reach through that phone and slap some sense into my mother, but I realize it would do no good. She’s rotten to the core, and nothing I ever say or do will change her. 
A knock on the door startles me. “Christina, it’s Grace. Let me in.” 
Even though I feel like I’ve been run over by a steam roller, I force myself to get out of bed and open the door. Grace is dressed for work in a crisp waitress uniform with her hair pulled into a tight bun. She’s holding a bag of tacos and a large coffee. I recognize the name of the restaurant on the bag. It’s where Andrés and I eat breakfast every morning. 
“Lover boy brought this by a few hours ago, and I’m tired of smelling it.” She pushes past me and dumps the bag on the counter. “I heated the coffee up in the microwave,” she says, handing me the cup. Her brow furrows as she looks me over from head to toe. “Christina, I have to leave for work soon. Are you going to tell me what happened?”
I shake my head. “I’m not ready to talk about it.” I may never be ready to talk about it, I think, but her scowl is so deep, I don’t say anything more. 
I take a sip of coffee, relishing the feel of the warm liquid going down my throat. It’s just what I need to wash away the acidic taste of vomit from last night. I eye the tacos on the counter. Their heavenly smell accosts my senses, and my stomach rumbles. I know I need to eat something, so I set down the coffee and open the bag. Two foil-wrapped tacos and pico de gallo are inside, but that’s not what catches my eye. I pull out a folded note of paper. 
Grace is still eyeing me, so I slip the note into my pocket and open the tacos. Against my better judgment, I devour the food within minutes. I’m so hungry, I hardly notice the flavors of the steaming chorizo or warm, buttery tortillas.  I belch into my fist when I’m finished and reach for my coffee. I really hope this food stays down. I need my strength to unpack my things. Plus, I can’t sleep on Grace’s futon forever. I’m going to need to go buy a bed.
Grace peers down at me as she squeezes my shoulder. “He left a painting and some paints in my apartment. I can get them to you later. I’m working a long shift today. Are you going to be okay alone?”
I nod, taking another swallow of coffee. I’m lucky to have Grace as a friend. She would never betray me and sleep with my fiancé. Then again, she doesn’t like to sleep with men. I sigh and silently berate myself. I have such a distrusting, skewed view of the world, thanks to my parents and Karri.
Grace hugs me and then she’s out the door. I finger the note in my pocket and sit on the futon. I’m reading the words Andrés has scrawled on the paper, but I’m not processing them, because it’s all too much to bear. 
I  care for you too much to come between you and your mother. I won’t bother you anymore.    

* * * 

Waiting all day for Andrés to get off work is sheer agony. I alternate between crying and sleeping. By the time five o’clock rolls around, I’ve got a splitting headache. I take some aspirin and drink several glasses of water, but it does little to alleviate this hung-over feeling. I don’t remember much about the drive over to his place, other than going through the motions, stopping at red lights, going at green lights. 
My palms are sweaty and my legs are shaking by the time I climb out of my vehicle. I breathe a sigh of relief when I see his truck is parked in his covered spot. 
As I’m walking to his apartment, my teeth start to chatter. I don’t even know what to say or how to say it, but I know now what I need to do. I need to come out and tell Andrés exactly what happened between me and my mother, which means I’ll also have to tell him what happened with my father. Confessing my darkest secrets won’t be easy, but I’ll do anything at this point if I can get him back. Of course, there’s that nagging voice in the back of my head that tells me I’ll never get him back once he learns of my sordid past. I’m terrified of what he’ll think of me, but I have no other choice. 
Besides, he confessed to me how he felt responsible for his best friend’s death. I knew it wasn’t his fault. Maybe Andrés will show me the same understanding. 
Hopefully. 
My hand shakes as I knock on his door. It doesn’t take Andrés long to answer, and when he swings open the door and leans against the frame, I think my heart will melt. 
Andrés looks terrible. His face is unshaven, his hair’s a mess, and he’s wearing the same clothes he wore yesterday. 
“Hey,” I say. “Didn’t you go into work?”
“Nah.” He shakes his head. “I called in sick, too.” 
My heart lurches. Had he stayed home because of me?  
I feel like I’ve swallowed a wad of cotton, and I wet my lips as I struggle to speak. “Can we talk?” 
“Sure,” he says as he steps back and lets me inside. “Do you want a drink?”
“Yes, please.” 
He walks to his fridge and leans inside. “Water, tea, or something stronger?” he asks. 
I don’t hesitate to decide. “Something stronger,” I say almost too forcefully. 
A few minutes later we’re curled up on his couch, me on one end, and him on the other. I’ve downed the first beer and I’m starting my second. Andrés eyes me as he sips his drink. I wonder what he thinks of me right now, but I’m afraid to ask.  
The buzz isn’t working fast enough, but I decide I can’t put this off a minute longer, so I clear my throat and summon the courage to speak. “I’m sorry I didn’t call you last night. You deserve to know what’s going on.” I take another swallow of beer, and then another. Damn, this is hard. 
As if Andrés senses my discomfort, he scoots up beside me. He reaches for my hand and laces his fingers through mine. I smile as I look down at our joined hands. His skin is warm, and I realize how nice it feels to sit here like this. If only we could be like this always, but I know our lives are about to change in a big way. I’m about to introduce him to my dark, sordid past. 
Tears threaten at the backs of my eyes, and my throat tightens, making it difficult to speak, but when he squeezes my hand, and offers me a soft, reassuring smile, I somehow find strength through him. 
“You are not what came between me and my mom.”
He arches a brow but says nothing, and I can see he’s waiting for me to finish.  
I take a deep, steadying breath. “I just found out my mom knew my dad raped me, and she did nothing about it.” 
Andrés’s grip tightens and his tanned skin turns a bright crimson. He stares at me for a long moment, his eyes growing ever darker, his lips thinning, but he still doesn’t speak a word. 
I swallow hard and my stomach churns. It feels like my body’s unraveling from the inside out. If he doesn’t speak soon, I may fall apart. 
“Aren’t you going to say anything?” I rasp. 
Twin storms brew beneath his darkening gaze. “Your dad is lucky he’s already dead.”
I can’t help myself. I burst into tears, and before I know it, he’s pulling me onto his lap and wrapping me in his strong embrace. 
“I’m sorry, Mija,” he whispers. “I knew you had problems with your parents, but I didn’t know they were this bad.” 
For some reason, I sob harder. Andrés continues to hold me and stroke my hair, murmuring words in Spanish against my ear. I’m pretty sure I’ve cried out every last drop of moisture by the time I pull back. 
He wipes my eyes, and for the first time, I notice his eyes are moist, too. “And here I thought I was the only one with a messed up past.” He laughs, despite the pain I see reflecting in his features.
I don’t know why, but I laugh, too. “We’re both pretty messed up.” But my laughter dies in my throat as I notice his haunted expression. “I don’t want to talk about it anymore. Okay?” I say to Andrés. 
He flashes a smile that doesn’t quite mask the sadness in his eyes. “All right, but if you need to talk about it, I’m here for you.”
Relief washes over me. Dare I hope Andrés won’t let my past come between us? 
“Thanks.” I avert my gaze as shame surges through me. “But I-I understand if you don’t want to see me anymore.” 
Andrés cups my chin in his hand and forces me to look into his eyes. “Christina, I thought you didn’t want to see me anymore. Last night was the most miserable night of my life. You’re my girl, and I’ll always want you.” His deep voice is firm, unwavering. “Always.” 
Despite the fact that I’m limp with exhaustion and I feel like a discarded rag doll, I am overcome with joy. Warmth floods my heart and surges through my chest. I wrap my arms around Andrés and meet his lips in a deep, passionate kiss. I tell myself despite what my parents have done to me, and despite the nightmares that plague Andrés, we deserve to be happy, and I can think of no better happiness than a lifetime together. 


Releasing October 2013


Chapter One

“I haven’t seen you in a while, Andrés. How have you been?”
I have no idea why, but my hands go clammy as I give the military doctor a blank stare. Why did I think it would be a good idea to come here? Oh, yeah, closure. That’s what I kept telling myself on the drive to the VA hospital. I just wanted to let Doctor Barnes know I don’t need to see him anymore. 
Because I don’t. I’m better now. 
I wipe my hands on my jeans, trying to get rid of the excess moisture. It must be hot in here. I have no reason to sweat. No reason to be nervous. 
Doctor Barnes arches a bushy brow, an expectant look beneath the surface of his thick spectacles.  
I gape at the doctor for another long moment before answering. “I’ve been fine.” I wipe my hands down my pants again. “Just busy. Real busy.”
The doctor smiles widely, revealing several dull, uneven teeth. “I figured as much.” He crosses one leg over his knee, looking casual as he leans back against the upholstered leather chair, but there’s still that expectant look in his eyes. Even through the glare of the doctor’s glasses, I can sense the man’s impatience. “How else have you been?”
This shrink is never one to waste time. He’s not afraid to pressure me to get to the point, which is one reason I have always liked him. 
I take a sip from my water bottle, clear my throat, and then answer. “I haven’t had a bad dream in months.”
After the roadside bomb that flipped our truck and killed my best friend in Afghanistan, I couldn’t escape the nightmares that plagued me. Although the dreams slowed down after I met Christina, they completely stopped three months ago, after my best friend’s wife, Letty, contacted me on Facebook. She’d written me a long letter apologizing for blaming me for James’s death. She’d even invited me to San Antonio for her youngest son’s birthday party. It seems I just needed Letty’s forgiveness for the nightmares to stop.   
“That’s great news.” The doctor smiles wider this time. 
I can tell this smile is genuine, and I release a pent up breath of air. 
Then the doctor hits me with the next question. “Are you adjusting to life as a civilian?” 
“Oh, yeah.” I nod before sticking one clammy hand in my pants pocket. The little velvet pouch is still there, and though it takes up no more room than a wadded-up tissue, it feels heavy. The weight of it presses into my thigh. What’s worse is, the strain is somehow tethered to an invisible noose that is wrapped around my neck. Each day the pouch feels heavier, and the noose feels tighter, so tight I feel I may suffocate from the pressure. “I’m learning how to take over my uncle’s businesses.” I say the words I rehearsed on the drive over. “Working out and….” I pause and finger the pouch again, “I met a girl.” 
“You sound hesitant to talk about her. Are you having second thoughts?” 
“No, never.” I vehemently shake my head before I stiffen and force myself to stop. 
Doctor Barnes has that look in his eyes again. Damn, he’s too smart for his own good. I remind myself I need to find a new shrink, maybe one a little less observant. Maybe one who nods and agrees with everything I say. 
I avert my gaze, but I can’t escape the feeling that Doctor Barnes can see through me, straight into my soul. But I came here to talk, didn’t I? No. I came here to tell the doctor I no longer need him, as soon as I get help with this one little problem. 
I look the doctor in the eyes, take a shaky breath, and slowly exhale, even though the invisible noose is making it harder to breathe. “Ever since we moved in together, my family has been pressuring us to get married.” 
The doctor gives me a pointed look. “How do you feel about marriage?” 
I answer without hesitation. “I love her. I’ll do anything to marry her. I even had a ring made, but I don’t think I have the nerve to pop the question.”
I shouldn’t have asked Tia for my grandmother’s ring. That was a bad idea. A very bad idea. We’ve only been together six months, and I’ll scare her off. Then I remember Tia wagging a finger in my face and clucking her tongue, telling me the church frowns on sex out of wedlock. 
I don’t want to offend God, but I don’t want to lose Christina, either. Her parents were unloving and abusive. How could she possibly be ready for marriage and family after what she’s been through? 
Slowly, I pull the velvet pouch out of my pocket, loosen the drawstring, and dump the ring in my palm. I hold the shining silver band beneath the soft glow of the overhead lights. 
“The emeralds came from my grandmother’s wedding band,” I say to the doctor as I press the ring between the tips of my fingers. “They’re the same color as Christina’s eyes.” 
“You said you don’t have the nerve to ask her,” Doctor Barnes asks in an annoyingly impartial monotone. “Why?”
“It’s just….” I swallow against the tightening knot around my throat as I place the ring back in the pouch. “I’m afraid she won’t say yes.”


TARA WEST



Tara West writes books about dragons, witches, and handsome heroes while eating chocolate, lots and lots of chocolate. She's willing to share her dragons, witches and heroes. Keep your hands off her chocolate.

Tara West's young adult and new adult romances have been Kindle bestsellers. She enjoys spending time with her family, interacting with her fans, and fishing the Texas coast.

Hang out with her on her Facebook fan page at: https://www.facebook.com/tarawestauthor
Keep up with her latest news at: http://tarawestauthor.wordpress.com/
Or check out her website: www.tarawest.com
Email her at tara@tarawest.com 


BOOKS BY TARA WEST

From the Whispers Series
Sophie’s Secret
Don’t Tell Mother
Krysta’s Curse
Visions of the Witch
Sophie’s Secret Crush


From Keepers of the Stones
Witch Flame, Prelude
Curse of the Ice Dragon, Book One
Spirit of the Sea Witch, Book Two (releasing 2014)

