Miz Scarlet and the Holiday Houseguests
A Scarlet Wilson Mystery

By Sara M. Barton

Published by Sara M. Barton at Smashwords

Copyright Sara M. Barton 2013

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the authorized publisher, Sara M. Barton at Smashwords, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter One --

“You can’t be serious!” The voice behind me was dripping with disgust. “You call that a Christmas tree?”
“What’s wrong with it?” I demanded, even as I walked around the seven-foot blue spruce, checking it for missing or lopsided branches.
“It’s going to be dwarfed by the high ceilings of the living room,” my brother, Bur, remarked. “Might as well just drape a coat tree with crepe paper, spray it with pine air freshener, and call it a tree.”
To most people, a tree is a tree. But with the Wilson family, sap seems to run through our veins. Our maternal grandfather, Randolph Googins, was one of the owners of the Four Oaks Pressboard Company. He named his children after oak trees, hence Darlington, Holly, and my mother, Laurel. Our parents continued the family tradition. I’m named after the Scarlet oak. My brothers are Bur, Emory, and Palmer. We’re the acorns that never fell far from the family tree.
“What are you suggesting? We choose a ten-footer? How are we supposed to drag it home through the woods? Not to mention the fact that we’ll need to buy a special tree stand for something that tall.”
“I want bigger. I’ll rig something up for a stand.”
“I want manageable. And I don’t want a holiday disaster when your makeshift contraption crashes. What about all the ornaments? We spent decades collecting them, Bur. If the tree falls, they go with it.”
“That puny little thing will hardly deck the halls, Scarlet!”
“What do you suggest?” I shot back, feeling rather irritated at this brotherly attempt to sabotage the annual Christmas tree excursion. We were near the top of the path, a good hundred yards from the house, knee-deep in snow, when my cell phone buzzed in my pocket. Slipping off my glove, I grabbed it and glanced quickly at the name. “Hold on, Bur. It’s Larry.”
“Tell her I said hi,” he called over his shoulder, as he continued searching for the perfect blue spruce.
“Miz Scarlet, you know all those times I had your back when people felt like whacking you?” asked the experienced homicide investigator for the Connecticut State Police. “Well, I’m calling in my chips.”
“Are you?” I laughed. “What can I do for you, Larry? Invite you for a gourmet dinner? Drag you along for another girls’ night out, so you can cry in your beer about the guy who done you wrong?”
“Oh, no. Much, much bigger than that,” Laurencia Rivera insisted.
“What? You want me to take care of your kid for the weekend?” As the single mother of a teenager, Larry often locked heads with Michaela, better known as Mickey, who didn’t always understand or accept that it was necessary for Larry to work long hours, especially when the state trooper was called out to attend to a dead body in the middle of the night.  “Or fill in for you at the mother-daughter tea?”
“Get real!” I heard her snort.
“Spill the beans,” I commanded her. “What do you want from me?”
“I need to rent a room for the Christmas holiday.”
“You want to stay with us?” That was a surprise. As innkeeper for the Four Acorns Inn, I was used to caring for guests, but she lived less than fifteen minutes away. Why did she need a room?
“Not me. My father, Big Larry. I’ve got my mother coming up from Atlanta to stay at my place, and my father called this morning to tell me that he’s decided to visit for the holidays, too.”
“How nice. You’ll have the whole family with you for Christmas.”
“Not really. My Auntie Merlene always says I come from royalty. Big Larry’s a spitball king and Edna’s a drama queen. The two of them mix about as well as oil and water, and since I don’t want to respond to a domestic incident at my own home, I’ve decided to send my father to the Four Acorns Inn, where he’ll feel pampered, especially if the Googins girls make a fuss over him.”
“I’ll be happy to reserve a room for your dad. When is he arriving?”
“The twentieth. Mickey wants to spend some time with her grandfather, so he’s promised to take her up to Boston for the day on Saturday and show her his old stomping grounds.”
“Stomping grounds?”
“My dad is an assistant baseball coach.”
“Red Sox?” I inquired, feeling my stomach pitch as I said those ominous words.
“Indeed. He was a center fielder up there in the eighties, for all of two seasons, before he blew out his shoulder.”
“Oh dear me.”
“Excuse me?” Larry sounded less than thrilled with my reaction to the news. “Do you have a problem with the Red Sox?”
“Not me,” I insisted. “I’m good. It’s....”
“Oh, spiffy. That brother of yours!” That’s the thing about having a good friend who knows you well. She can finish your sentences for you. “What’s Bur’s objection?”
“Ever since the Yankees faced off against the Red Sox in....”
“...October 2004,” Larry cut in gleefully. “I remember the game. The Yankees got trounced on their home field. It was awesome!”
“Bur’s never gotten over it. In fact, to this day, he still insists the game was winnable, if it wasn’t for dirty tricks by....”
“Poppycock!” she declared.
“I’m just warning you that Bur will be...well, a burr in your side. The minute he and your father start talking baseball, it’s going to get ugly. Larry, you know Bur has a big mouth!”
“Do I ever!” There was a long pause on the other end, followed by a soft laugh. “You know what, Miz Scarlet? My father also has a big mouth.”
“So, what do we do? Boston just won this year’s World Series Championship and fans are still celebrating. Bur was in a slump for days. He wanted the Cardinals to win.”
“I say we let them go at it. It should make for an interesting holiday. Besides, maybe it will keep everyone distracted from the Edna and Big Larry hate fest.”
“Aren’t you brave,” I chuckled. “But I refuse to accept responsibility for the antics of two baseball nuts.”
“That’s a wise decision, indeed.”
“Which room do you want to reserve for your dad? We have the White Oak and the Black Oak rooms available.”
“What do you think? Big Larry snores like a buzz saw. It’s enough to wake the dead.”
“I could put him in the White Oak. That way, the Googins girls will be spared the noise.”
“White Oak it is. Now I just have to break the news to my mother that my father will be around for Christmas.”
“Is it that bad, Larry?”
“Are you kidding? Wait until you meet my mother! She’s sweeping into town on Sunday. Her broom lands at four.” I heard a heavy sigh on the other end of the phone line. “She’s head housekeeper for a major rehab hospital, with a staff of fifteen and her own office. You think she has any patience with folks who don’t tow the line? Edna runs a very tight ship. Things don’t change when she’s on vacation. Of course, without her people to boss around, she needs an outlet and that means I have a target on my behind!”
“Is she going to do that white glove test on your living room?” I knew Larry was a great homicide investigator, but when it came to housekeeping, her favorite technique was “spit and polish”.
“Not to worry, Miz Scarlet. I’ve got the ‘Cheerful Cleaning Crew’ coming for a top-to-bottom dust-and-dirt removal mission. It’s going to cost me a small fortune, but I’d say it’s worth every penny.” Larry refused to call the professional cleaning service by its real name, Merry Maids. She said there was nothing merry about being maids who cleaned up after other folks, no matter how you looked at it.
“Good for you. Leave nothing to chance.”
“You’ve got that right. The last time my mother blew into town on her broomstick, she beat me with it and then used it to sweep up what she politely termed my disaster area. She claimed it looked like someone had mistaken my home for the local landfill, and that was just the living room she was describing.”
“Kind of harsh,” I noted. “I’ve been there and it wasn’t that bad. Besides, when do you have time to scrub floors and scoop up dust? Can’t you just tell her that you’re too busy tracking down killers?”
“I tried that once. She reminded me that I’ve always been this way. According to Edna, I’m a chip off the old blockhead.”
“Ouch!”
“Oh, Edna always exaggerates everything. Big Larry’s not that bad. He’s just a guy who eats, sleeps, and breathes baseball. He’s not big on cleaning up unless it’s bases loaded and his guys cross home plate. This time, I’m putting her in my bedroom and I’m sleeping on the sofa bed in the living room, because I don’t want to listen to how lumpy that mattress is.”
“You should send her to the Four Acorns Inn, Larry, and have your father stay with you.”
“Are you kidding? Edna will insist that I love him more because I invited him to stay with me, instead of her.”
“Can’t win for losing? You poor thing! Maybe I should save you a room at the inn.”
“Make sure it’s got plenty of padding on the walls, because by the time my parents leave town, I’m going to need physical restraints and a boatload of psychotropic drugs to calm me down. Oops, got to go. I’ve got a fresh corpse out in...let’s see,” she paused to check the crime scene location, “...Windsor.”
“Good luck,” I replied as I ended the call. Tucking the phone back into my pocket, I tromped through the snow, following Bur’s boot prints another forty or so yards, to where he was sawing a lush blue spruce nestled between a couple of maple saplings and a Norway spruce.
It was a little taller than I expected, but it had a nice shape. It would do the job. “This is an excellent choice.”
“And by taking this one, I give the other trees the chance to grow up nice and strong,” he pointed out. “I might as well help the forest in the process.”
My brothers and I were raised to be conservationists in the woods, and those lessons learned as children stayed with us as adults. Lots of critters called White Oak Hill their home, including fisher cats, coyotes, foxes, and deer. Litter was promptly picked up when we came across it, and oriental bittersweet, the invasive menace, was immediately yanked up. Every spring, Bur inspected tree branches for signs of diseases and pests, and removed damaged wood. Some of the majestic species found in this forest had been here for more than a century and we wanted to keep them healthy for another hundred years. This was the Googins legacy and we were determined to preserve it.
“Why did Larry call?” the nosy tree cutter wanted to know, even as he kept his blade moving.
“She wanted to book a room.” There was an empty bird’s nest still clinging to an inner branch of the blue spruce. I showed my brother. “Careful. I want to keep that intact. It’s good luck.”
“Is Larry staying with us for Christmas?” Bur seemed hopeful as he hovered beside me. He and the divorced state police investigator spent a lot of time flirting good-naturedly, but as far as I knew, it had never turned into anything more.
“No, her dad is. She’s got her hands full with her mother as a houseguest.”
“We should invite them to join us for Christmas dinner. Palmer and Emory aren’t coming with their families until the twenty-seventh.” My younger siblings made a point of visiting us in Cheswick three or four times a year. They planned to skip Christmas in favor of our big New Year’s Eve party.
“I don’t know, Bur. Larry says her parents don’t get along.”
“All the more reason to have them at the Four Acorns Inn for a holiday meal. They’ll have to be on their best behavior.”
“Well, I’ll ask her, but it sounds like Edna and Big Larry shouldn’t be in the same room together. There’s too much bad blood between them.”
“You know what they say, Scar. There’s a fine line between love and hate. Who knows? Maybe they still have the hots for each other, and they’ve just never admitted it.”

Chapter Two --

“Or maybe they really do loathe each other,” I countered his argument, pointing out the obvious.
“Such a pessimist,” he sniffed. I shook my head. Given Bur’s history with women and his two divorces, he was hardly an expert in marital relationships. “I’ve just about cut through the trunk. Grab the tree, Miz Scarlet.”
“Hold on.” I got my gloved hands on a thick branch and felt the needles poking through the fleece as I fastened my fingers around the wood. “Okay. I’m ready.”
The tree wobbled briefly in my grasp as the trunk was freed from its earthly stump. Bur laid down his saw on the frozen tundra and got busy. He spread an old blue bed sheet on top of the snow-covered ground.
“Let’s roll it up and get it back to the inn.” We maneuvered the spruce into place and carefully flipped it gently, until the official Wilson family 2013 Christmas tree was shrouded in cotton. Bur tied it with poly cord, securing the ends, and we began the arduous journey of carrying the holiday bundle down the winding woodsy path and back to the Four Acorns Inn.
“Ready, Miz Scarlet?”
“Ready, Colonel.”
When we were kids, we played our own live version of the game of “Clue”. Bur originally nickname me “Miss Scarlet” in one of his many attempts to ruffle my feathers, but I corrected him. “You may address me as Miz Scarlet!”  He soon became known as Colonel Grey Poupon, not only because he loved mustard, but because he was often a real stinker. On those occasions, we just referred to him as “Poup”.
 Twenty minutes later, scratched and bruised, I deposited my end of the tree on the floor of the sun porch. My back muscles screamed for relief. “Boy, that was heavy!”
“Is that it?” said an interested voice behind me. “How big is it?”
“Bigger than you, squirt,” Bur told Jenny, our live-in teenage helper.
“Does that mean I’ll need a ladder to decorate it?”
“More like a step stool. Miz Scarlet put the kibosh on a huge tree.”
“I’m sorry I couldn’t be there to help you, but I had my big biology test.”
“How do you think you did?” I inquired of the nursing student in the process of wrapping up her first semester at the University of Connecticut. I couldn’t help myself. Long before I became an innkeeper, I was a high school teacher, and I still tutor students part-time, in between caring for guests at the inn. But I have another reason for wanting to know. I nearly killed her a few months ago.
Our accidental meeting was a freakish thing. On a warm summer night in Bay Head, New Jersey, a homicidal maniac chased her into the street, where I nearly hit her with my car. In need of sanctuary, I brought Jenny back to Connecticut, where the gang at the Four Acorns Inn welcomed her with open arms. That’s how we learned of her tragic story, of how her parents, Jaime and Christina, died when she was a baby and she was adopted by an aunt. Jenny was orphaned a second time, just shy of her eighteenth birthday, when Vivian Mulroney, died from cancer earlier this year. Kicked out of her family home by a scheming stepfather determined to steal her inheritance, Jenny and her dog, Mozzie, took to life on the road, but the naive teenager got herself into more trouble than she could handle. When it followed her to the Four Acorns Inn, I called and Larry came to her rescue. That’s part of why I owe the state homicide investigator so big.
 “I think I did okay. It was harder than I expected it would be, but I answered all the questions, like you suggested, even when I had to guess.”
“Good. Were they multiple choice questions?” I wondered.
“Except for two essay questions,” she replied, nodding.
“Essay questions on a biology test?” Bur was surprised. “What kind of beast gives those?”
“Dr. Shirley does. The first one was, ‘Why is it important to know the origin of the sickle cell anemia trait?’. I talked about the improvements in genetic sequencing when developing treatments. And the second question was, ‘Why is polymorphism important to evolution?’ Ugh!”
“What did you say to that?” I probed. Essay questions can be tricky. It’s all in the professor’s interpretation of the written answer.
“I pointed out that diversity within the population helped to keep the gene pool healthy, so that no one single form has an advantage or disadvantage over the others during natural selection.”
“Nice,” I congratulated her. “Sounds like you hit the mark.”
Bur gave the teenager an affectionate pat on the head. “Our little angel has grown up, Miz Scarlet. I can tell because I have absolutely no clue what all that means. You sound so smart!”
“I do, don’t I?” Jenny beamed, raising her hands above her head and wiggling her body in an impromptu victory dance. “Woo, woo!”
“You’re not just a pretty face anymore,” I added. “Of course, I hope you realize now it will be almost impossible to find a guy to date.”
“Impossible? What do you mean?” asked the horrified teen. “Why won’t I find a guy?”
“It’s a joke, Jen. Relax!” I gave her a little poke. “I only meant you won’t be satisfied with dopes.”
“Oh! Thank heavens. I thought there was something wrong with me!”
“Goodness, no! You’re fine. It’s the males of the species I worry about,” I laughed. Bur actually made a face at me in response, before challenging my opinion.
“Don’t listen to Gladys Gump here. She’s a spinster, for heavens sake! What does she know about men? You’re a knockout. How can any guy walk away from you?”
“I never said she wasn’t adorable, Bur. I said she was smart.”
“Men like adorable and you fit the bill, squirt.”
“Smart women can also be adorable, Jenny. You can’t really trust what Bur tells you. What he knows about real women you could fit into a thimble.”
“Oh, please! Do you really think you’re smarter than the majority of men?” Bur rolled his eyes in disgust before turning his attention back to the teenager. He caught her in the act of trying to hide her amusement, and thus began his lecture. “Let me tell you about real men, Jenny. They’re looking for cute girls who don’t drive them batty. With your looks and personality, you’ve got nothing to worry about. As long as you’re not a smarty-pants know-it-all or a lemon-sucking sourpuss, like Miz Scarlet here, you’ll do just fine.”
“Are you two bickering again?” My mother appeared in the doorway of the sun porch, her hand manipulating the controls of her motorized wheelchair. She maneuvered it over the threshold ramp and pulled up to inspect the tree. “Here we are at Christmas time and we’ve got to contend with the usual sniping? Can’t you two call a holiday truce?”
“Sibling rivalry lives,” Jenny announced cheerfully. “Today’s subject is men and women.”
“You poor dear,” my mother commiserated with the teenager. “How you ever put up with these two is beyond me.”
“I know. How did you manage all those years when they were growing up?”
“It wasn’t easy,” my mother feigned exhaustion. “If it weren’t for my other two little angels, Emory and Palmer, I might have been driven mad.”
“That presumes you started out sane, doesn’t it, Mother? The jury’s still out on that one.” Bur gave her a kiss on the cheek as Scrub Oak, the inn’s resident house cat, arrived to inspect the shrouded tree. With his nose to the cotton tree shroud, the inquisitive feline circled the new addition to the sun porch, decided it wasn’t worth losing any sleep over, and padded off to the living room, no doubt to curl up in front of the fireplace for another nap.
“We were discussing the fact that Jenny’s so smart, she won’t be able to find suitable boys to date,” I informed my mother.
“Why?” My mother looked up at me expectantly.
“Because she will be bored with idiots and jerks,” I replied confidently. “They won’t understand what she says to them.”
“Good heavens, Scarlet Wilson! Have you learned nothing all these years?” my mother demanded, wagging her index finger at me in warning.
“What?”
“You’re not supposed to talk honestly in front of the m-e-n.”
“Ha! Burn,” said Jenny to my brother, laughing.
“Very funny, ladies. I’ll remember this. And wait until I sit down for a chat with Santa. Coal for all of you!”
“If it’s all the same to you, I would much prefer a more environmentally-friendly material in my stocking, Bur.” Jenny’s eyes twinkled.
“Touché!” he shot back. “And so it begins. The cute girl morphs into the old crone. Don’t say I didn’t warn you, missy! If you’re not careful, you’ll turn absolutely hideous, like Miz Scarlet here.”
“If only you had the brains to match wits with the rest of the world, instead of being just another pretty boy....” I teased.
“Pretty is as pretty does,” he announced, pirouetting into the dining room with all the grace of a blind Baryshnikov on steroids, leaving us in stitches.
“When can we decorate the tree?” Jenny called after him. “I can’t wait!”
Bur reemerged with the tree stand in hand. “Let me make sure this will fit over the trunk first.”
“What if it doesn’t?” she wondered.
“We’ll go dump it in the woods and start again. There are plenty of other trees in the forest. We’ll just keep chopping until we find one that fits.”
“You can’t do that!” Her shocked face said it all. “That’s just so...wrong!”
“No? What do you brainy women suggest?” he inquired. That’s when she realized he was yanking her chain. “Ha ha! I’ll have you know I wrote the book on Burn 101, little girl!”
“Give me strength, Lord,” my mother groaned with great exaggeration. “These children try my patience.”
“Somebody has to keep you on your toes,” Bur replied. “Okay, we’re good to go. Help me carry the tree into the living room. We have to let it stand a few hours, so the branches rest. Then I’ll put all the lights on and you can hang the ornaments, squirt.”
“I love Christmas!” She and I grabbed the trunk in tandem while my brother took the top. Together, we waddled our way through the dining room, down the hallway, and over to a corner in the living room, where we unwrapped the covering and managed to set the tree upright. I held it in place while Bur screwed the long bolts into the trunk.
“Lovely tree. Well done,” Laurel declared as she watched from behind.
“Look!” the excited teenager pointed. “There’s a little bird’s nest!”
 My mother rolled her wheelchair forward to take a peek. “It looks like a cardinal’s nest.”
“But how do you know it wasn’t built by a chickadee... or a sparrow?”” the inquisitive teen wondered. 
“It’s twiggy. Cedar waxwings use more grass and leaves when they build theirs. Every bird has a preference for where to build its nest,” my mother explained. “Some do it in the cavities of tree trunks or a bird house. Some prefer the branches of deciduous trees, where they can fly out easily. Others prefer to hide in evergreens like this, or even shrubs.”
“I just assumed all birds just pick any old tree.”
“Bite your tongue!” Bur poked her. “There is no such thing as ‘any old tree’, not in this family, anyway.”
“When you want to identify what type of bird crafted a nest, look at the materials and construction techniques. Is there mud, twigs, grass, or moss? You’ll find the robin’s nest in the fork of a tree. Vireos make nests that look like a cup hanging down from a tree branch, and Baltimore orioles make nests that look like woven bags. Goldfinches build on the ends of the tree branches and line their nests with the dander from the thistle plant,” Laurel told her.
“Who knew?” Jenny smiled. “I just thought birds were birds. They sing their pretty little songs and eat birdseed.”
“Oh heavens, no!” my mother laughed. “Their diets and their behaviors are quite diverse. Hummingbirds are territorial fighters. Starlings are absolute pests that take over the nesting areas of woodpeckers and bluebirds. Cowbirds will deposit their eggs into the nests of other birds....”
The sudden sound of dogs barking broke the conversational thread. We all heard the ruckus in the front hall as January, Huck, and Mozzie greeted a new arrival.
“Well, well!” Lacey, my mother’s cousin and one of the permanent residents of the Four Acorns Inn, waltzed into the living room, her arms laden with packages. She unburdened herself by depositing them on the sofa by the fireplace. “Finally, we have a tree! I was beginning to think you people would never get one. Please tell me it’s not going to take you another two days to decorate it.”
“It’s four o’clock now,” Bur announced, glancing at the wall clock. “I promise you it shall be festooned with lights by eight this evening. You have my word on that.”
“And then we get to put the ornaments on?” asked the excited teenager.
“Yes, then you get to go nuclear on that tree. Make it glow.””
“Perfect. I shall be your assistant,” Lacey volunteered, pulling off her red wool coat and white angora hat. “I just have one rule; when it comes to Christmas, more is better.”
“Right,” the teenager grinned. “By the time I’m done, you won’t even see these branches. Bring your sunglasses, because it’s going to be blindingly bright in here!”
“Just the way I like it,” said the elderly woman in the sequin-encrusted sweater with an enormous reindeer with a pompom nose. Her jingle bell necklace tinkled every time she moved. “Lordy, the mall was a madhouse today. It was wall-to-wall shoppers, all in search of those last minute bargains....”

Chapter Three --

The next few hours passed as we engaged in a flurry of activities in the kitchen. From her conversation, I gathered that the last few years of her mother’s decline had taken a toll on the holidays.
“It must have been rather lonely for you and your mom,” I commented, as I put some dinner rolls into the oven to heat.
“It was. She couldn’t really raise her arms all that well, because of her mastectomy and all the scar tissue, the swelling. My mom was feeling really betrayed by her body. She had spent her whole life trying to live a healthy life, and then....” Jenny turned away, remembering. “She loved Christmas in New England. The snow, the lights, the decorations...I tried to put up the tree by myself, but it was a real failure. Mr. Torkelson, the neighbor, came over to help me. And his wife took me Christmas shopping, so I could buy presents.”
“What about your stepfather? Didn’t he help?”
“He kept telling me it was his ‘busy season’ at work.” She rolled her eyes and groaned. I took a stab at the work he was doing.
“Partying with his girlfriend?” I asked.
“He was. I never understood it, Miz Scarlet. My mother was such a beautiful person, with cancer or without. How could he not appreciate her? Why did he even bother to marry her? Oh,” she held up her hand. “I know it was all about my mom’s money. He just wanted a meal ticket. But I don’t understand how he could do that to someone who was so sick.”
“Some people are born predators, Jen. They never look at the rest of us as human beings. It’s too bad, really. They miss out on what really matters in life. Without relationships to keep us civilized, it’s a cold, cold world.”
“Is that why you rescued me in New Jersey?” For all the times we talked since the teenager came to live with us at the Four Acorns Inn, she had never posed this particular question.
“Of course it is,” I smiled. “I could tell you were a good kid. How could I possibly leave you behind with those creeps? People aren’t disposable. We don’t just use them and toss them away like they’re tissues.”
“You and my mom would have been friends,” she decided. “She’d have said you were both on the same wave length.”
“There’s your answer as to why I brought you home, Jenny. I saw in you what your mom did, what she worked so hard to nurture.”
After dinner, I sat in the dining room, lingering over coffee with the Googins girls, as we awaited the invitation to proceed to the living room for the official tree decorating. I could hear Bur directing Jenny as they toiled to get the twinkling lights to work. We had been warned not to peek.
“Which do you think it will be this year, white or colored lights?” Laurel asked. My brother had a thing about tree lights -- big bulbs, little bulbs, white or colored, flashing or steady, and everything in between.
“If it’s just Bur making the decision, it’s probably colored lights.” I decided, as I poured the ladies more decaf.
“This is Jenny’s first Christmas with us,” my mother pointed out. “He might let her choose.”
“Possibly,” Lacey answered. She added cream and Splenda to her cup, stirring her spoon around in a clockwise fashion. “In which case, who knows what we’ll get?”
“But technically, she won’t be celebrating with us,” I pointed out. “She’s off to California, to visit her grandparents. Bur might not let her choose.”
“Of course he will,” said the funky sweater lady.
“I agree,” said Laurel, agreeing amiably, “but I have no idea what she’ll pick.”
Well past the age of believing in Santa Claus, the excitement of the two cousins grew as we came closer to Christmas week. How else could you explain the carols my mother constantly hummed as she moved about the inn or her cousin’s blindingly bright reindeer sweater?
“Rumor has it we’re having Larry’s father stay with us for Christmas,” Lacey declared. “Who else is coming?”
“At the moment,” I looked up, “no other paying guests. I planned on taking some time off and....”
“Hmm....” said my mother, as she brought her cup to her lips and sipped from it.
“Hmm what?”
“I’m just surprised that Larry’s mother isn’t also staying with us,” was her reply.
“Edna doesn’t get along with Big Larry,” I explained. “Larry wants to avoid holiday heartbreak.”
“I’m surprised that Edna doesn’t mind him staying at the inn, while she’s stuck at Larry’s cramped condo,” Lacey shrugged.
“If it’s any consolation, I suggested she send her mother to us and let her father stay with her, but Larry insists Edna will claim she’s second fiddle to Big Larry.”
“That bad, eh?” My mother shook her head. “It sounds like Larry’s the family wishbone, yanked every which way but loose.”
“Apparently. She’s not looking forward to this holiday visit, especially because she’s been working overtime on a new homicide case. Bur thinks we should invite them all to Christmas dinner. His theory is that Edna and Big Larry still have the hots for each other.”
“It’s possible,” Lacey decided. “They might have gotten married too young. Or they split up without really trying to work out their differences.”
“More than possible,” Laurel agreed. “It must be hard on their daughter. For them to both come to Connecticut for a holiday visit and expect Larry to make them each happy...well, it’s hardly fair. Their daughter is a busy state police investigator and she’s already under a lot of stress. Call her back and tell her to send her mother to the inn, too. That way, she won’t have to worry about either parent. We can entertain the pair of them.”
“I don’t know, Mom. Larry says they don’t get alone. We might just make things worse for her if we interfere.”
“Scarlet Wilson, Larry’s your friend.” My mother pulled the guilt card out of the invisible pack and played it. Trump.
“But....” I tried to explain that I was leaving my calendar open for a visit from Kenny Tolliver. It would be our first Christmas Eve together as a couple. I had hoped to take the time off from my work as an innkeeper and concentrate on my love life for a change, but my mother wasn’t interested any of that.
“No ifs, ands, or buts, Scarlet Wilson. We will not hang Larry out to dry for Christmas. This family owes her a debt of gratitude for all she’s done to keep us alive. If you don’t make the call, I will.”
I could see that my mother’s dander was up, and that meant there was little chance of changing her mind, short of smoothing those ruffled feathers. Why was she so determined to invite the Rivera clan for Christmas? Was it because Jenny would be gone? My mother had grown attached to the young woman, acting as a surrogate grandmother. Or maybe it was because this was the first Christmas in a long time that my siblings weren’t going to be with us on the twenty-fifth. Who knows? As I sat there, I recognized the unwinnable battle. Her expression made it clear that she was not about to concede anything to the likes of me, not now that she had made her decision.
“Fine, I will call her, but don’t get your hopes up.” Excusing myself, I headed to the library for a private conversation. With each step, I considered what I might say. How was I supposed to convince my friend to send her parents to the inn for the holidays? Did I soft-pedal the idea or hammer it home? I dialed Larry’s cell phone and waited for her to pick up.
“Rivera,” said a rather cranky voice in my ear.
“Hey, it’s Scarlet, Larry.”
“Oh, Lord!” the very exasperated investigator groaned. “Do you have any idea what I have been going through here? Hold on.”
Distant disembodied voices came through my earpiece as I waited. Larry was issuing commands to a junior state trooper, and from what she said, I surmised he had royally screwed up a witness interview. I should have waited until later in the evening. I just assumed she was at home by now, kicking back in her living room and watching television.
“And I want it on my desk pronto, Moron,” she growled at the unseen trooper before returning her attention to my end of the telephone. “What do you want, Scarlet?”
“Did you really just call that guy a moron?” I was honestly surprised, given that Larry often lectured incoming recruits on the appropriate behavior code for state troopers.
“What? No! Morin. M-o-r-i-n. Good heavens, I’m not that far over the edge! What did you call about?”
“Sorry to bother you,” I hurried through the conversation. This could wait until tomorrow. “I know you’re working your case. Call me back when you have a chance.”
“Working a case? Who the heck has time to do that when the Rivera family is in the middle of a crisis? Do you have any idea what my mother has pulled? I’m thinking of changing her royal title to ‘Queen of Mean’, because she’s got a really snarky side that just got ugly.”
“What did she do?”
“She has informed me that she is canceling her plane ticket because I don’t think enough of her to put her up at the Four Acorns Inn. In other words, if I want to see her for Christmas, I am supposed to get my sorry ass on a jet to Atlanta, with my kid in tow.”
“Ouch. I was calling to tell you that the Googins girls insist on having both your parents stay here for Christmas. They’ve already decided it’s a done deal.”
“Are they nuts? Do you have any idea what a disaster that would be?”
“I know, but I was outvoted. And if you say no, I should warn you to expect to hear personally from Laurel on the matter.”
“Wow, your mother and her cousin have guts. How, pray tell, are you people supposed to keep my parents from killing each other?”
“We’re going to put your father in the library downstairs and your mother in the Black Oak Room upstairs. Laurel and Lacey have promised to entertain them while they’re our guests. It might just work,” I told her. “At least you’ll still have some peace and quiet at home.”
“I don’t know, Miz Scarlet. It’s a mighty tempting offer.”
“Give it some thought and let me know. In the meantime, I’ll let you get back to your corpse.”
“That poor guy’s not going to go anywhere. Geez, Miz Scarlet, I hate having to notify families at this time of year. It’s heartbreaking.”
“I’m sure it is, Larry,” I empathized, imagining how tough it must be to knock on some stranger’s door with the bad news that a relative wasn’t ever coming home.
“What am I supposed to say to his mama? ‘Happy holidays, and oh, by the way, your boy is dead.’ Does that sound right to you?” The experienced homicide investigator’s voice was close to breaking. I could hear sadness permeate every word she spoke.
“This case is getting to you, isn’t it?” I announced lamely. Don’t worry Oprah. Your job is safe. I won’t be getting my own talk show any time soon. Then again, sometimes rubbing salt in the wound can have a positive effect, even when the immediate results aren’t pretty.
“Of course it is! I’ve got a nineteen-year-old murder victim found in the woods little more than a week before Christmas, no suspects, and half my team is off on vacation. We’re short-handed here and if we don’t get a break in the first forty eight hours, it’s possible the killer will get away with his crime. The only thing that brings the families any comfort, especially at this time of year, is if we know who the killer is, and in this case, I’ve got nothing to go on, nothing at all. Sometimes I hate this job!”
I couldn’t really blame her. It must be frustrating for the homicide investigator to work with dead people all the time, to never rush in just in the nick of time and save a life. Maybe that’s why we bonded as friends. Larry had saved the Wilson family more than once and we were truly grateful to her.
“If it’s any consolation, I’d much rather have someone like you tell me the bad news. At least I’d be sure you care about catching the killer.”
“Sometimes I think I care too much, Miz Scarlet,” she admitted, slowly exhaling. The anger seemed to leave her voice, only to be replaced by sorrow “There’s nothing I can do to make a killer confess when he’s feeling cocky, especially if he’s an experience liar. It’s never really like those TV shows, where the bad guy suddenly has an attack of conscience. People kill because they believe they can get away with it. If I’m lucky, this killer is sloppy and he left me some clues that will lead to evidence I can hand over to the prosecutor.”
“It sounds like you’re expecting this case to be impossible to solve.” It was true. Larry seemed to be held down by a bad case of dread; foot-dragging dread, the kind that makes you do what you have to do with great trepidation and a sense of futility for the outcome. “What’s different about this case?”
“I can’t put my finger on it, Scarlet. I wish I could. I smell trouble coming this way and I keep feeling like I should run as fast as I can in the opposite direction.”
“Is that instinct talking or just the impending visit from the folks?”
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s a bit of both. I just feel like I just don’t have my eye on the ball in the batting cage and that automatic ball machine is going to send one out that smacks me in the temple.”
“That can be painful.”
“Tell me about it. What if I miss a critical clue? What if I don’t recognize evidence as being evidence? It’s more than just letting the bad guy get away. He could kill again.”

Chapter Four --

 “You sound so stressed,” I told my friend. “You need a break.”
“Did I or did I not just tell you that half my people are out on vacation?” She sounded exasperated. “That’s why I’m working overtime.”
“Bur wants your whole family to join us for Christmas dinner, Larry. I think that’s a good idea. We’ll take care of all the arrangements, so you don’t have to worry about anything. You just show up.”
“Damn, I wish you hadn’t offered. I was going to call my mother and tell her I couldn’t get to Atlanta because of this case. If you’ve got a room for her, she might just change her mind and come up here.”
“Edna and Big Larry won’t even have to socialize, except at the dinner table. I’ll make sure they have dining companions who can deflect the barbs, should the need arise.”
“That’s a given, Scarlet.” There was a long pause, and I knew Larry was mulling it over. “I swear I’m going to pull my hair out if she starts complaining that Big Larry is getting the better deal.”
“Tell you what. You let us worry about making your parents happy. Make me a list of things your mom and dad like to do for fun. The Googins girls, Bur, and I will figure out ways to keep them occupied. Edna will be too busy to be on your case while you’re working your case.”
“Oh, I don’t know. If I take you up on this offer, I’ll owe you for the rest of my life, Miz Scarlet. I won’t be able to twist you around my little finger ever again, at least not until you find yourself mixed up in another big, fat mess.”
“It’s probably not a good idea to encourage me,” I pointed out light-heartedly, “given my penchant for finding trouble. Wouldn’t it be nice, though, to forget about having to deal with all these family issues?”
“Yes. The only thing that would make this holiday miracle complete would be a room for Mickey at the Four Acorns.”
“Is that what you want Santa to give you this year?” I asked. “She’s more than welcome to stay here with her grandparents.”
“Hey, I’m not going to push my luck, Miz Scarlet. Mickey’s got a perfectly good bedroom at home. Let me call my mother and tell her the good news. And thanks. You have no idea what a relief it is not to have to worry about them. I really need to concentrate on this murder.”
“Just remember we’ll expect you for dinner on Christmas. You’ve got to come up for air sometime.”
“You might want to have an oxygen tank standing by for me. I’m having trouble breathing as it is. Later,” she groaned, hanging up.
With an empathetic sigh, I tucked my phone back into my pocket and rejoined the Googins girls in the dining room.
“Well, what did she say?” my mother wanted to know. “Is Edna going to stay with us?”
“Are they all joining us for Christmas dinner?” Lacey quizzed me.
“Mmm....”
“Mmm, what?” my mother wondered. “Is something wrong?”
“In all the time I’ve known Larry, I’ve never heard her sound so bummed out. She’s absolutely miserable and I don’t think it’s just the impending visit from her folks.” I poured myself some decaf as I slumped down in my seat. “She’s really rattled.”
“Well, time has a way of sorting things out or bringing them to a head. No doubt we’ll see soon enough,” Laurel suggested, fiddling with the power knob to her motorized chair. “How long does it take to drape lights on a tree? That son of mine is taking forever.”
“Maybe there were a lot of bulbs out,” I suggested. “They might have had to replace some of them. You know what a fanatic Bur is about his Christmas lights.”
“It’s nearly seven-thirty. Maybe we should just go ahead into the living room.”
“I’ll find out what the delay is, Mom.”
“Would you?”
A quick twenty steps down the hall and I was at the closed door. I rapped twice, lightly, and called out. “How much longer?”
A noise made its way through the door. Was that Bur’s voice I heard? I didn’t really understand the muffled reply, so I turned the knob and pushed the door open, just far enough to poke my head in.
The tree was lit with hundreds of tiny, twinkling white lights interspersed with larger colored bulbs. There was a blazing fire in the fireplace, and Huckleberry and January were curled up in front of it, napping. It looked like a charming Christmas card scene. Hounds at the holiday.
“Well done,” I started to say, stepping into the room to admire their efforts. That’s when I heard a soft sob. My gaze was drawn to the figures on the sofa. Bur had his arm around the teenager in fatherly fashion, while she clutched her King Charles Cavalier spaniel in her arms. “Oh....”
With his comforting arm still in place, my brother turned in my direction. A subtle shake of his head warned me away. Carefully closing the door behind as I left, I made my way back to the dining room.
“Jenny’s having a good cry,” I told the elderly ladies.
“Poor dear,” said Lacey. “She’s still so young to be without a mother.”
“I remember the first Christmas after your father died,” said Laurel, looking at me, her eyes misting at the memory. “You kids were so good to me, even though you were all missing him, too.”
“It was hard,” I admitted. “Dad was the one who always put up the tree. We were lost without him.”
This would be Jenny’s first Christmas without her mother. She had nursed her through the final grueling months, until at last Vivian succumbed to the beast called cancer. Cut adrift by a cruel twist of fate, the devoted daughter had begun the process of rebuilding her life, trying hard to find her way in the adult world. That’s why I brought her home to the Four Acorns Inn. How raw were the heartbreaking memories? Holidays have a way of reminding us of people we loved and lost. There wasn’t much we could do for her, except be there for her during those dark, lonely hours. Only time would help Jenny come to terms with losing her mother.
Despite eyes that were still red-rimmed, the teenager put on a brave face for us as she appeared in the doorway of the dining room to invite the Googins girls and me to accompany her back to the living room. I noticed my mother reached out her left hand, entwining her fingers with Jenny’s briefly in a gesture of solidarity, never saying a word. The teenager suddenly seemed to brighten up a bit.
“Wait till you see how many lights we put on the tree. Bur says it’s a record,” she told us.
“I can’t wait!” Lacey took Jenny’s arm in hers. “Let’s go.”
We made our way down the hallway, the four of us. As my mother and I followed, I caught her wiping away a tear. Even now, she still missed my father. Maybe it was good the Rivera family was going to be with us for Christmas.
“Ladies, are you prepared to be dazzled?” My brother stood guard at the closed door, waiting until we were all assembled.
“We are,” Laurel laughed, “and then some!”
“Bring on the bling!” her cousin commanded eagerly. Bur swung the door open for the reveal and Lacey walked in. “Wowie zowie, it’s magnificent!”
“Oh, how lovely!” Laurel gushed, rolling over the threshold. “You two did a marvelous job.”
“Wait till you see what we do with the ornaments,” Jenny’s volunteer helper announced.
It was even more beautiful now that I was standing directly in front of it. Bur had used large, retro-style colored bulbs, carefully distributing them across the branches evenly. He added tiny white fairy lights on top of that. I watched them twinkle here and there, adding a layer of sparkle that made the tree appear almost magical. But the icing on the cake was the set of old-fashioned bubble lights that took me back to the days when my grandparents were still alive.
“Ornament time,” the sequined sweater lady announced. Working side by side, Lacey, Jenny, and I got busy. Each of us took a box of shiny metallic balls and made our way around the tree, tucking them into the boughs. When it was covered, we got out the balls with the glittery designs and fancy cut-outs. After that, we moved onto the one-of-kind ornaments. At last it was time for the glass icicles.
Over the years, as we phased out the plastic tinsel on our tree, we had added to the family collection, and now we had several different kinds. Some were twisted strands of glass; some were “natural style” and appeared to melting ice. There were long ones and short ones, fat ones and thin ones. Some were made of recycled glass; some were leaded crystal. We even had some colored ones. We carefully set each and every one on the ends of the branches. Taking a step back, I admired the view as the tree seemed to shimmer and shine. Lacey put her arms around Jenny and me.
“Beautiful. And now we need our tree topper, and Bur to put it on the highest branch.”
“Let me get it out,” I said, reaching into the plastic bin for our family favorite, the skiing Santa that had graced just about every Wilson family tree for the last thirty years. Beat up, head askew, he looked like he’d hit one too many trees on the way down the ski slope.
“Wait just a moment, Scarlet.” My mother held out her hand to Bur. He dropped to his knees, reached under the sofa, and a moment later, he offered up a white box. Her fingers carefully undid the cardboard flap, and as she reached inside, we all stood there, riveted. This was an unexpected surprise. I wasn’t the only one who thought so.
“What do you have there?” Lacey finally asked, her curiosity getting the better of her.
“Something special for this year’s tree, a Christmas angel,” was my mother’s reply. She held it up for us to see.
The tiny rustic figure had a porcelain head and hands. The cascading hair on top was painted dark brown. The mouth on the sweet little face was curved in a tender smile. But it was the cotton denim dress that caught my attention. I recognized it.
“Isn’t that your old shirt?” I turned to Jenny. “I thought you tore it when you took that tumble at Black Ledge River.”
“I did,” admitted the teenager, staring at the Christmas decoration. Jenny’s gaze turned to the elderly woman in the wheelchair. “It was my mother’s favorite shirt. But it disappeared from my laundry basket. Did you....”
 “I did, dear. I hope you’ll forgive me. I used the damaged sleeves to make the angel’s dress.” My mother held out the tree topper to the stunned recipient.
“I...I don’t know what to say. Thank you. How did you know what she looked like?”
“You showed me a photograph,” Laurel told her. I leaned over Jenny’s shoulder to admire the figure.
“She’s beautiful.”
Bur had a folding step ladder at his side. “What do you say, squirt? Want to do the honors?”
“I do!”
He opened it up and placed it at the side of the tree, so the teenager could climb up. Reaching carefully past the other ornaments that adorned the tree, she carefully slid the new Christmas angel onto the highest branch. I held my breath as I heard the tinkle of glass balls clinking together, but nothing fell. Bur steadied the girl as she carefully withdrew her arm from the boughs and stepped down off the ladder.
“I love it,” said Jenny. “Thank you.”
“Here’s another early Christmas gift.” My mother handed her a second package, this one a little larger. “Open it now.”
Jenny’s nimble fingers removed the red ribbon and carefully placed it on the coffee table. Gingerly, she slid her index finger under the flap on one end of the paper-covered package. Peeking inside, her face suddenly lit up and she eagerly tore at the snowman wrapping paper, exposing the beloved denim shirt. My mother had been busy. Not only had she used the damaged sleeves for the Christmas angel’s dress, she had reworked what was left of the shirt, so that it now sported short sleeves.
“You saved it! You saved my shirt!” The teenager wriggled into it and twirled, to show us how it looked on her, delighted by the gift. “I can’t believe it! This is awesome. I’m going to take it to California with me.”
“There was no reason to throw out a perfectly good shirt. Sometimes it just takes a little ingenuity and creativity,” my mother announced.
“You’re the best,” was the reply as the teenager wrapped her arms around Laurel and hugged her tightly. My mother beamed, happy that she had given Jenny something meaningful. Mozzie, watching his excited mistress, gave a little bark. “I know, boy! Isn’t it great?”
We spent the rest of the night basking in the glow of Christmas lights, as we sat down to watch It’s a Wonderful Life for the umpteenth time.
“It was my mother’s favorite movie,” the teenager told us as she, Lacey and I crowded onto the sofa, Huck and Mozzie tucked between us. My mother and January were snuggled next to us in the wing chair. My mother had her feet up on the ottoman, her legs covered by her Black Watch blanket.
“Don’t you just love how George finally figures it all out?” I asked, as I cued up the movie. “He’s so sure everything is hopeless, that he doesn’t have a ghost of a chance to turn it all around.”
“Sometimes the best gift at Christmas is to believe in life again,” Laurel decided. “When your spirit is refreshed, all things are possible. I think that’s why I never get tired of this story.”
“True, true,” the other Googins girl agreed, as she dug into her bowl of popcorn. “It’s always best to find the real meaning of Christmas. It’s never about the material goods. It’s about the relationships you have. People matter.”
“You have to invest in those people who will make a difference,” my mother declared, “the ones who will go out and get things done. They’ll inspire other people to do the same. You can’t waste your time on folks who don’t get it and don’t want to get it.”
“Pearls before swine,” Lacey nodded as she waxed philosophical. “People have to accept, even embrace, their responsibility to make the world a better place, or they just squander the opportunities.”
I glanced at Jenny, sitting beside me. Her eyes were on the TV screen, but I saw the corners of her lips curl into a smile as she listened to the Googins girls discuss their views. These were words she needed to hear. They would sustain her through those tenuous moments of doubt, when life was hard and unfair. They would remind her to reach out, to believe that humans could do incredible things if they set their minds to it. Maybe all these hokey holiday traditions we shared as a family were what helped to keep us together, and what brought this teenage to the Four Acorns Inn. Jenny had lost so much in her young life, and she probably never thought she could ever belong again.
But even as she joined our ever-growing circle, Jenny wasn’t just taking from us. She was also giving. We needed her energy, her spirit, her promise...even her youth. The Googins girls were fountains of wisdom on occasion, but without anyone to share it with they were sometimes prone to believe that nothing really mattered in society any more. Having Jenny living here at the inn gave them a new connection to a world that sometimes seemed to disappoint of late. When they saw the excitement, the wonder in her eyes, they could believe again. And when she reached out to them, for comfort, for compassion, they knew they still had work to do in the here-and-now. They were not ancient, lumbering creatures doomed to extinction. They were vibrant, interesting people who mattered to a teenager who needed them.
And if I was honest with myself, the same held true for me. Sitting there, I realized how much richer my life was with this teenager in it. Jenny was the daughter I never had the chance to have, and I was a better person for taking that big risk back in Bay Head, New Jersey. I let her into my car and into my heart, and I was so glad I did.

Chapter Five --

I stood in the front hall with Jenny the next day, waiting for Bur to pull the car up to the front porch. She had a large suitcase, a carry-on bag, and her purse ready to load into the car. Mozzie, her Cavalier King Charles spaniel, was sitting patiently by the luggage, expecting to go with his mistress, blissfully unaware of the coming reality.
“Do you have everything?” I wondered.
“I do.”
“Money, credit card, boarding pass....”
“I’m fine, Miz Scarlet. Don’t worry about me.”
“Okay,” I smiled. “You call us if there’s anything you need. And have a wonderful time with your family. I hope this Christmas is everything you dream it will be.”
“I do, too.” For a brief moment, she seemed to hesitate. “I’m kind of excited, but....”
“Be patient with yourself. No one expects you to forget your past. It’s okay to miss your mom.”
“I know, Miz Scarlet.” A single tear splashed down her cheek before she wiped it away. “Oh, I didn’t want to cry!”
“Come here.” I wrapped her in my arms and held her tight. “You go and have a great time. Give my best to Tony and Maria. And bring me back some almonds.”
“I will.” Jenny picked up her dog, hugging him tightly. “You be a good boy while I’m gone.”
“We’ll take very good care of him,” I promised. “We’ll miss you.”
“I’ll miss you, too. I hope you have fun with Larry and her family.”
“I’m sure we will.”
“I still don’t understand why Larry and Mickey don’t stay with you. It seems kind of dumb.”
“It does, doesn’t it? It would give Mickey the chance to spend more time with her grandparents.”
Bur honked the horn as he pulled his car up outside. I opened the door and picked up the largest suitcase. Jenny, still clutching her dog, grabbed the other bags. We made our way out to the driveway and loaded the bags into the trunk of Bur’s sedan.
“If it’s about money, why not put Michaela in my room, Scarlet? I don’t mind if she sleeps in my bed. Put her to work, so you don’t have to charge a guest fee.”
“What a sweet thing to offer, Jen. She might like that.”
Three hours later, while I was catching up on my correspondence at the ancient Mac in the library, I sent Larry a quick email, confirming the details of her father’s arrival. I added a note about Jenny’s offer to Michaela. A minute later, my cell phone rang.
“Did you mean it? Can my kid stay with you?” She sounded a little breathless.
“Sure, Larry.”
“Thank God!” I heard her exhale on the other end of the line.
“Is there something wrong?”
“All hell has broken loose. This case just got ugly. I can’t tell you about it, but I really need to get Mickey somewhere safe until we sort this out. Can I drop her off after school today?”
“Absolutely. No problem.”
“And you’ll pick my dad up at the airport tomorrow?”
“We’ll be happy to collect him,” I told her, as Huckleberry pawed my leg, wanting to be picked up for a hug. I obliged.
“Thanks. I’ve got to go.” The call ended abruptly, without any of the normal conversational pleasantries. 
“Well, Huck,” I said, giving him a scratch behind his ear, “Larry’s more than a little stressed. It doesn’t sound like the case is going well at all.”
I gave this some more consideration as I got back to my innkeeper duties. This was not typical Larry behavior. There must be more to this mess than meets the eye, I decided.
At quarter after four, Larry’s police sedan pulled into the driveway of the Four Acorns Inn, and fourteen-year-old Mickey got out of the passenger seat. Almost as tall and leggy as her mother, the dark-haired beauty waved to me.
“Hey, Miz Scarlet. Sorry you got stuck with me,” she told me through a mouthful of metal.
“Stuck with you? Are you kidding me? We’ve been begging your mother to let you come. It will be nice for your grandparents to spend time with you. And now that you’re here, I’m going to put you to work.” I grabbed Mickey’s suitcase and led the way into the house.
“You are?”
“Absolutely. We have to finish decorating the inn for the holidays. Do you mind?”
“Depends. How much work are we talking about?” The teenager didn’t want to commit until she knew the full extent of her duties.
“Well, I baked gingerbread cookies to hang on the tree and I have to ice them.”
“Oh, that I can do,” she laughed. Her smile was contagious. “I thought you were going to ask me to scrub the kitchen floor or something.”
“It’s Christmas, kiddo. You’re here to have fun, and fun you shall have.”
“Mickey, why don’t you go see if Bur’s home?” Larry told her daughter. “I want to ask him something.”
“What do you want to ask him?” Mickey wanted to know.
“Can you please go see if he’s around?” Larry put on her “mama” voice, adding that warning tone, which Michaela seemed to ignore completely, in typical teenage fashion.
“He’s going to ask me what you want to talk to him about, so what should I say?” She was pushing that envelope; it wasn’t the smartest move for the daughter of a state trooper. Larry was, after all, used to dealing with some pretty unsavory suspects.
“You can say that your mother wants to speak with him and you don’t know what the subject matter is. Now, do you have any other questions for me, or can I have a conversation with Scarlet?”
“Geez, what a grouch!” Mickey headed toward the front door, but not before I saw a sly glance aimed at her mother. Was she just testing the limits or was Michaela aware that her mother wasn’t her usual self? “What if he doesn’t hear me knock?”
“Ring the doorbell,” I broke in, hoping to prevent Larry from going ballistic. “Trust me, he’ll hear that.”
When he’s not at the inn, my brother can usually be found working in his office in the carriage house behind the inn, where he has his own quarters. As an expert on the forest industry, Bur is a consultant for big companies looking to engage in sensible reforestation projects and conservation practices. Today, he had plans to work on a new project for a company out in Colorado to find new uses for pulp waste. I thought he might welcome the interruption.
As soon as the teenager was out the door, Larry grasped my elbow with fierce fingers that dug into my flesh. “That child tests my patience, Miz Scarlet. I swear she does it deliberately.”
“It’s a tough age, Larry. She’s trying to figure out how to be an adult.” As a tutor to teenagers looking to get into good colleges, I’d had some experience with the soon-to-be-out-of-the-nest crowd.
“She’s constantly in my business, wanting to know what I’m doing. I don’t have to justify my actions to her,” she scowled. “She’s fourteen!”
“Maybe she’s worried about you,” was the only thing I could say. Frankly, I understood the feeling. I was starting to worry myself. I’d never seen her so frazzled.
“Horse hooey!”
“I saw her watching you. She knows you’re tense. She knows something’s not right. Maybe she’s worried something’s going on in your life that affects her.”
“She’s a kid! It’s my job to handle the adult stuff! I’m supposed to protect her from all that,” Larry insisted. “Lord, ever since her father remarried and decided to have another kid....”
“How’s that working out?”
“What?”
“Her father’s new marriage, the new baby...does Michaela feel left out? Is she worried that you’ll get remarried, too, and then she’ll be cut loose from the last vestiges of home, sweet home?”
Those dark brown eyes narrowed as she studied me with suspicion. A moment later, her right hand tapped her forehead and Larry let out a long, slow groan.
“Oh, damn! How did I miss that?” Larry cringed. “I should have seen the warning signs. It’s just that I’m so overworked ever since Max retired. We still don’t have a replacement for him. Do you believe it, Miz Scarlet? I’m actually the most seasoned investigator on my team now, working with the newbies. Every mistake they make lands on my shoulders. How did that happen?”
“It sounds like you have lots of reasons to feel frustrated at work. Maybe your daughter’s noticed the change.”
“Maybe. I guess it’s a good thing she’s here with you for a few days. If her father hadn’t taken off for Florida, I’d have sent her to his house for a couple of days. At least she’ll get a chance to spend some time with her grandparents. And the Googins girls,” she added. “I’m working so many hours now; she won’t see me until I get a break in the case.”
“It’s that bad?” I wondered.
“Oh, Scarlet,” Larry sighed. “It’s really bad. You know that dead body in the woods? The kid is the son of Carmine Tossi.”
“The indicted city councilman?”
“One and the same,” Larry nodded. “It looks like someone wanted to prevent Tossi from rolling over on his cohorts.”
Married to Lucille Genrich, the influential founder of Fund Me, an investment group offering start-up money to web-based non-profits, the thrice-married Hartford politician was caught a couple of months ago handing over a boatload of cash to a state representative. Rumor had it Tossi was trying to influence votes in the state legislature in favor of Fund Me’s pet projects.
“That can’t be good.”
“It’s not. It’s making me crazy, Scarlet. This whole case is beginning to reek.” Given my friend’s penchant for proper police protocol, it was likely there would be head-butting if folks tried to contain the political fallout by doing damage control farther up the chain of command, where the decisions about law enforcement funding were made. Larry had a stubborn streak a mile wide and once you engaged it, she dug her heels in to the bitter end. She always said justice was supposed to be blind, not dumb, when it came to investigating the taking of a life. Getting a conviction was about doing right by the dead, even if the killer was connected to powerful people.
“Why would someone want to murder the boy? Why not just go after Carmine and leave the kid out of it?” I wanted to know. “Or go after Lucille?”
“That’s what doesn’t make a lot of sense to me, Miz Scarlet. It’s too easy to assume this is about his corruption.” She was playing with her car keys, passing them back and forth from hand to hand. I could see Larry was having trouble wrapping her head around the case.
“In what way?”
“It feels too cut and dried, like the ducks were shoved into line for us.” Larry’s long, elegant finger punctuated the air with three dramatic pokes. “Bing, bang, boom.”
 I pointed out what was obvious to me. “Killing the boy is hardly a deterrent. Won’t investigators just dig that much deeper into Fund Me?”
“Maybe that’s what someone wants.” She rubbed her temple, frustrated.
I paused a moment, straightening up the pile of mail on the console table in the foyer. Something didn’t seem right. What was it? That’s when I got my “ah ha!” moment.
“It’s almost like someone doesn’t want you looking elsewhere. Maybe the political spin doctors are already at work, using this murder to affect the next election,” I commented. “Want a cup of coffee? I just made a fresh pot.”
“I’d love one. Keep talking to me, Scarlet. I won’t necessarily answer you, but punch some holes in this for me.”
I led the way to the kitchen, motioned for her to have a seat at the kitchen island, and grabbed a couple of mugs from the cabinet shelf, before I went to the refrigerator and found the cream pitcher.
“How about a muffin with that coffee?”
“That’d be great. I didn’t have time to eat.”
“Oh? No lunch? In that case, would you like me to make you a grilled cheese and a cup of soup?”
“I don’t want to impose.”
Even as she said that, I was already reaching for the fry pan. I turned on the burner and added some butter to the bottom of the pan, keeping an eye on it as it melted. Opening the bread drawer, I took out a couple of slices of whole grain white, put a generous helping of Vermont cheddar between them, and slid the sandwich onto the hot buttered surface. While that was browning, I ladled out some minestrone from a plastic storage container in the refrigerator, filling the mug to the top, and put the soup into the microwave to heat up.
“Wow, you’re ready good at this cooking thing, aren’t you?” I could hear the admiration in those words. Maybe Larry wasn’t good in the kitchen, but she sure was good hunting bad guys.
“I can talk and grill at the same time,” I promised. “So, this case bothers you. Why?”
As a state homicide investigator, Larry was a big believer in physical evidence and psychological profiling of suspects. She had told me more than once that it wasn’t enough to have a theory. That theory had to have legs that you could walk into the prosecutor’s office.
“As you well know, I can’t talk about specifics of an investigation, Miz Scarlet. You’re a civilian. It’s not kosher.”
“Right,” I nodded, humoring her. It was the usual warning I got from her when she wanted to brainstorm in a hypothetical fashion.
“But if you have anything to say, feel free. I’m always happy to listen to amateurs spout their theories.”
“Well, my first thought is this -- how do you know this mess wasn’t motivated by the indictment of Carmine Tossi? The guy’s been on the political scene for more than three decades. Isn’t it likely his hands have been dirty for years?”
“And?” Larry took a sip of soup from her mug. “Mmm....”
“Maybe someone’s afraid the indictment will stir up bigger fish. Maybe killing the boy was a message to Carmine that there’s more to come unless he keeps his mouth shut.”
“Someone outside the Fund Me group?” Larry spooned some soup into her mouth as she considered the possibilities.
“Someone with serious secrets,” I suggested. “If Carmine is pushed into a corner, isn’t he likely to make some kind of deal by offering up information on crimes committed by other people?”
“Hmm....” The experienced homicide investigator watched me over the rim of her soup mug.
“Maybe killing the boy was someone’s way of making sure Carmine didn’t cough up the details and get other folks into hot water.”
“Or maybe that’s what the spin doctors are worried about, and their games are distracting me from finding the real killer,” she replied pensively.
“You think they’re deliberately mudding the waters to obfuscate the evidence trail?”
“When is Kenny coming?” asked Larry, suddenly changing the subject. Kenny Tolliver, my heartthrob, the love of my life, was in the process of moving to the Hartford area to start a branch office for Mercer Security. At the moment, he was back in Princeton, New Jersey, finalizing the sale of the home he shared with his late wife.
“Tomorrow. Why?”
“I’ll feel better when he’s here.” There was a troubled look in her eyes. She was holding something back, something she was reluctant to share.
“Should I be worried? Would it be best if Bur stayed with us tonight?” I wanted to know. “I could ask him.”
“I’m probably just over-thinking this, Scarlet. I’m cranky and stressed out, thanks to my parents’ visit and Michaela’s issues.”
“But....” I left the sentence dangling, encouraging her to finish it. She gave me a little shrug.
“But I thought I was being followed a couple of times today, when I was meeting with witnesses.”
I tried to think of logical reasons why someone would follow her, in my effort to counter her fears. “How do you know it wasn’t some member of the press looking for the scoop or a private investigator working for Carmine’s lawyer?
“Or even some politico wanting to knock me off my feet,” she added.
“More coffee?” I inquired.
She shook her head as the last few bites of the grilled cheese went into her mouth. When she was done swallowing, she wiped her mouth with her napkin, took a final sip of coffee, and sat back in her counter stool, satisfied.
“Ah, thank you for being the voice of reason, Miz Scarlet. I’m so tired I can’t see straight. I haven’t slept well for three nights now. You’re probably right. It’s just my overactive imagination giving me the willies.” Larry sighed, stretching her long limbs before climbing down from her seat. “I’m seeing the bogey man behind every corner.”
“Perhaps.” On second thought, the state homicide investigator certainly had her share of male admirers, but there were also a number of convicted felons, male and female, who probably wanted to harm her. Should I remind her? I weighed my options and decided to err on the side of caution. “Or maybe you really do have a stalker.”

Chapter Six --

“Wouldn’t that just make my life complete!” she sighed. “Do you know how many folks I’ve pissed off over the years?”
“Okay,” I responded, taking the subject seriously. “Any weird phone calls or emails lately?”
“Playing amateur detective again, Miss Marple?”
“Humor me.”
“Fine, I will. No, nothing out of the ordinary. Twelve nasty letters from folks I put behind bars or their relatives, almost all of them signed. I had a handful of hang-up phone calls this month, one obscene call that ended when I announced I was a cop, but I checked out the telephone numbers. There were a couple of emails sent by spammers. It’s hard to be anonymous in this day and age of technology.”
“Anything strange happen at home?” I continued.
“Other than having a teenager with an attitude and parents who can’t get along to save their lives? No. Thanks for the meal. It really hit the spot. And thanks for keeping an eye on my kid. I’ve got to get back to work.”
“Sure. Let me walk you to the door.” I led the way to the foyer. She grabbed her coat from the closet as we passed by. “Did you want to talk to Bur?”
“Not really. I just said that so Mickey would leave us alone.”
“Oh. Well, here he comes, so you’d better think fast.” I pointed out the window at the two figures rapidly approaching the front porch of the Four Acorns Inn. Bur and Mickey were having an animated conversation, the teenager gesturing with open arms.
“Nuts. Quick...what did I want to talk to him about? Think of something.”
“Your dad needs a ride from the airport tomorrow and you just want to make sure it’s convenient for Bur to pick him up.”
“Perfect.” Slipping on the black wool coat, she tied the belt around her waist, straightened out the collar, and pulled her leather gloves from the pockets. She tucked her glossy black hair under a black knit cloche. “And just remember. Don’t say anything to Michaela. I don’t want her to worry.”
“No problem,” I promised. “Mum’s the word. Or would that be Mom?”
As he came through the door, snow falling off his boots, Bur was singing about Rudy the Red-Hose Rain Deer, even as Mickey giggled. It might have had something to do with the fact that he twisted the lyrics of the classic song into something unrecognizable. Last time I checked, the real Rudolph wasn’t a volunteer firefighter who worked with Smokey the Bear.
“You got here just in time,” I told him. “Larry’s got to get back to work.”
My brother opened his arms to her. “How’s my favorite detective?”
“Overworked and understaffed,” she groaned, as she was enveloped in a bear hug. I noticed Bur was in no hurry to let her go. For a moment, he seemed to bury his face in her neck. Did he just sniff her hair? It sure looked like it.
“And cranky,” Mickey added. “She’s making the Grinch look like Santa’s best elf.”
“Ouch!” he recoiled. “Coming from you, that’s harsh, half-pint.”
“Harsh, but true. I was supposed to go to the mall with my friends tonight, but she said no.” The teenager pointed a thumb at her mother.
“Michaela, I explained to you why I needed you here at the Four Acorns Inn tonight. I don’t do it to be mean.” Larry sounded almost petulant, disappointed by her daughter’s reaction.
“Yeah, I know. You’ve got a stiff in the morgue. I get it.” Was that resignation I heard in the teenager’s voice? Things were definitely off-kilter at the Rivera house.
“Any reason why I can’t take her to the mall?” Bur wanted to know, even as the homicide cop attempted to make a quick exit out the front door of the inn. Did my brother just offer to drive a teenager across town, fight traffic, and hang out during the busy holiday madness less than a week before Christmas? He must be trying hard to get into Larry’s good graces. It occurred to me he might be trying to snag a date for the big New Year’s Eve party we were hosting.
“Ah....” Larry hesitated long enough for me to realize she hadn’t completely shaken her concerns about being followed. Oddly enough, Bur seemed to pick up on it.
“I promise I’ll remain in the mall at all times.”
“Let me guess,” said the experienced investigator. “You two worked this out before you walked in.”
“Please, Mom?” As I watched the tension-fraught mother-daughter negotiations, I was struck by how much Michaela resembled Larry, especially around the eyes. Thirty pounds lighter and two or three inches shorter, the fourteen-year-old was a chip off the block. When she grew into her adult body and the braces came off her teeth, she’d be every bit the knockout her mother was.
“I don’t know....” Larry was reluctant to say yes.
“I swear I’ll bring her home in one piece,” he added. “Scout’s honor.”
“You’d better, Bur Wilson. It’s not a matter of ‘you break it, you buy it’. I wouldn’t want to be arrested so close to Christmas.”
“Arrested?” He seemed baffled as he stood there. “Why would you be arrested if something happened to Michaela?”
“Because I’d kill you,” she replied, making her point in rather dramatic fashion. “Nobody messes with my kid.”
“Right. Got it. What did you want to talk to me about?” he asked, changing the subject.
“Oh, that. I...I just wanted to make sure you can pick my dad up at the airport tomorrow.”
“Sure, no problem.”
“No problem? Are you kidding?” Mickey giggled.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Bur wanted to know.
“Seriously? You think my grandfather is going to get into your car?” Mickey thought that was hilarious. “No way!’
“Of course. Why wouldn’t he?” I saw the mental fog that overtook him and I winced. My brother, the baseball nut, had a New York Yankees decal on his back window.
“There’s something I should probably mention....” Larry began to say, but her daughter cut in.
“Big Larry will take a chunk out of you if you’ve got that nasty thing on your window. He might even take a baseball bat to the glass.”
“Nasty thing?” repeated the clueless Yankees fan.
“Michaela!” Larry warned her daughter.
“What?” the teenager retorted. “You know it’s true!”
“Bur, there’s something you need to know about Big Larry,” I broke in hurriedly. “He’s a big baseball nut, too. He’s an assistant coach up in....”
“Oh, no!” A look of horror came over my brother’s face. “Please tell me your father is not Larry Rivera, former center fielder for the Boston Red Sox!”
There it was, out in the open. For a long moment, I held my breath, waiting to see what Bur would do with the knowledge.
“Leaping Larry the Lawnmower, scourge of the Yankees....” His eyes traveled over Larry like he was seeing her for the first time. In a stunned voice, he asked, “Is he your father?”
She nodded, watching him cautiously for a moment or two before she spoke. “Yes. Is that going to be a problem?”
“The guy coached his team to victory, even when Jessup had that injury and Marston was embroiled in that embarrassing fiasco down at spring training.” Bur sat down on the chair by the console table, took off his knit cap, and ran a hand through his thick bangs. “I can’t believe he’s your father.”
“Are you going to be okay with that?” Larry seemed to be studying him the way she might study a suspect about to flee. “I need to know, because I can make other arrangements if....”
“Wow, I’m going to meet Leaping Larry the Lawnmower,” he sighed. Was that awe in my brother’s voice?
“It sounds like Grandpa’s got an admirer,” Mickey laughed. Larry and I were still waiting for the other shoe to drop. Could it really be this easy to transform a diehard Yankees fan?
“So, you’ll pick him up at the airport?” the homicide investigator inquired.
“Oh, sure. Anything for you, Larry.”
“You can take my car, Bur,” I offered. Decked out in the Four Acorns logo, my trusty Ford hatchback was the official inn vehicle and wouldn’t offend the assistant baseball coach. It also happened to have more trunk room that Bur’s rather sporty set of wheels.
“Yeah, sure...whatever. Wow, I can’t believe I’m going to meet a baseball legend. What a great Christmas!”
“Who knew?” Laughing, I turned to mother and daughter. “We wasted all this time worrying about whether they’d get along.”
“Believe me, it wasn’t wasted time. You folks still haven’t met Leaping Larry the Lawnmower.”
“Oh?” 
“He’s a tough, old goat.” The coach’s daughter shook her head. “Hard-headed, stubborn, and bossy...talk about bossy! The man’s a maniac when it comes to baseball!”
“I know!” Bur gushed, like a high school boy about to meet one of his childhood heroes. “He’s a walking encyclopedia of baseball history. I can’t wait to talk to him.”
“And bend his ear,” I added, rolling my eyes towards the heavens. “That might not be a good idea.”
“Are you kidding?” Mickey giggled. “If there’s one thing Grandpa loves, it’s talking about baseball. He’ll even tell you all about the importance of the stitching on the ball, if you let him.”
“On that note, I’ve got to get going. I’m interviewing witnesses.” Larry wrapped Michaela up in a loving hug and kissed her cheek, threw an affectionate arm around me, and then leaned down and planted a sisterly kiss on Burr’s forehead. His timing was off and he just missed brushing his lips on hers by a fraction of a second.
“Be careful,” I told her, as I saw her to the door. “Tread lightly through that quicksand in the swamp.”
“I will, Miz Scarlet. And thanks again for looking after my kid.”
“Are you kidding? My mother is already going through ‘Jenny withdrawal’. She’s miserable whenever there isn’t a crowd here around for the holidays.”
“By the time the Rivera clan leaves, she may regret that.”
“Nonsense.” As I opened the door, I felt the chill penetrate my bones. The air was heavy with moisture and the conditions were ripe for a killer snowstorm. Larry noticed it, too.
“I just hope Edna’s flight isn’t canceled. All I’d need is for Big Larry to be here for Christmas and have my mother stuck in Atlanta. Santa might as well give me a cemetery plot, because I’ll be a goner.”
“When’s she arriving?”
“First thing Saturday morning. Lucky for me, my father will be on his way to Boston with Mickey.”
“Mickey....Oh, good heavens!” Bur suddenly exclaimed, dancing around the baffled teenager. “Were you named after Mantle?”
“That’s my cue. I’m out of here.” As Larry’s hand turned the door knob, she gave a final instruction to her daughter. “You get to bed at a reasonable hour, young lady. And you’re home by ten.”
“You named your daughter after Mickey Mantle, the Yankee center fielder?” Bur wasn’t going to let it go. “You naughty girl!”
“Her name is Michaela and you’ll never prove it, even if you try!” said the woman with the sly smirk as she disappeared out the door. I heard the latch click into place in the stunned silence that followed.
“Mom?” Michaela stood there, hands at her side, dazed and confused. It was too late. Larry had already fled the scene. I could see her hurriedly crossing the driveway to her vehicle.
“Well, what do you know? Larry named her kid after a Yankee legend!”
“Bur, don’t you dare cause trouble for Larry! I’m warning you!”
“Why would my mother do that?” Mickey asked, still trying to fathom the news. “She knows my grandfather hates the Yankees!”
“Maybe it had nothing to do with his team affiliation. Let’s face it. He was one of the all-time greatest center fielders,” Bur said, trying to console her. “And it’s not like Boston ever had one of their own in the last forty years, except maybe Dom DiMaggio or Fred Lynn.”
“Wow....”
“Don’t feel bad, kid. It could have been a lot worse. Your mother might have called you Dominique or Fredericka. Dom...that would have been the kiss of death in school. Dumb Dom....It makes you sound like a lollipop.”
“Not true,” the teenager retorted. “My nickname could have been Nicky. That’s cute. Or Ricky.”
“Or Icky,” Bur teased. I left them to it, making my way back to the kitchen to get some work done.
Bur and Mickey left for the mall just after five. I breathed a sigh of relief, knowing that I had a few hours to myself, to get things done. I took the dogs for a long walk, bundled up against the cold, and I let them sniff to their hearts’ content as we made our way down the snowy trail in White Oak Park. Half an hour later, I met Lacey on the front porch. She had a hot date with one of the widowers in her social circle.
“He’s taking me out for a burger and a Diet Coke,” she informed me. “I won’t be late.”
“Have fun.”
There seemed no reason to cook for just two, so I offered to take my mother out for a bite at the Cheswick Cafe. We ran into friends and lingered over our meal, engaging in a lively conversation about the new plans to expand the library. By the time we stopped at the grocery store for a couple of items, it was nearly eight.
“Shall we take a drive to see the Christmas lights?” I suggested.
“Oh, yes.” My mother sat in the passenger seat, delighted as we cruised down street after street, checking out the holiday decorations. From automated snow globes to nodding reindeer, the neighborhoods were alive with illuminated splendor. “I love this time of year.”
Twenty minutes later, I stopped the Ford Focus by the handicapped ramp off the porch, retrieved my mother’s wheelchair from the back of the car, and helped her into it. Once she was safely inside the house, I returned to the driver’s seat, shifted into gear, and proceeded to drive into my bay in the carriage house. As I was retrieving the packages, the other garage door lifted. Bur pulled his car into the empty bay next to mine, his teenage companion waving enthusiastically from the passenger seat. I waited for them.
“Hey, Scarlet! Guess what I got pierced!” Mickey yelled to me as she climbed out of the car.
“Tell me you didn’t,” I groaned, trying to imagine what it might be. Larry was going to kill me for encouraging the trip to the mall. Please let it be something like an ear, God, not a lip or a tongue...or worse. I saw the pair of them laughing.
“Told you she’d fall for it,” my brother told her.
 “Boy, did you looked scared,” giggled the fourteen-year-old. 
“Very funny!”
 After I showed Mickey where to find snacks and drinks in the butler’s pantry, I led her up to the third floor and gave my temporary guest the grand tour.
“We share the sitting room and bathroom. Feel free to watch TV. This is my bedroom,” I said, pointing to the open door on the left side, “and this is yours.”
I stood in the doorway, enjoying the fourteen-year-old’s enthusiasm as she explored. Her eager eyes glanced all around, taking in the vibrant colors and quirky furnishings in Jenny’s funky garret.
“This is awesome.” Michaela loved everything about it, from the bohemian beaded table lamp to the purple leopard-upholstered headboard. She dropped her small suitcase on the floor and flopped onto the comforter-covered bed. “Jenny’s so lucky to live here.”
“Luck had little to do with it. When Jenny came to live with us, this was just a storage room in the attic,” I explained. “We worked hard to fix this space up. She even painted the floor herself.”
“She did it? That’s so cool,” said Michaela, the girl with a mouthful of metal, as she admired Jenny’s artistic efforts. “She could be a professional decorator.”
It was probably true. As a big fan of HGTV, Jenny had picked up some tips and used them to transform her attic into a cozy, charming space. It was the teenager’s idea to paint the floorboards in alternating lime green and lavender stripes.
“I love this bed. And the fluffy rug is so soft.” Mickey kicked off her shoes and danced barefoot on the area rug that Jenny and I found on clearance.
“We got that dresser at a yard sale. You should have seen what a beat-up mess it was. We sanded it, primed it, and painted it. Jenny picked out the crystal knobs. She said she needed some sparkle.” I pulled out the bottom drawer. “You can put your things in here. Jenny cleaned it out for you.”
“She’s so nice!”
“She is, I agreed, thinking of the good-hearted, generous-spirited girl who was now in California, getting to know her late father’s side of the family. “We have a few rules here, Mickey, so let me just fill you in. Don’t go out of the house without letting someone know. We have an alarm system and it will go off. It’s loud enough to wake the dead, not to mention the fact that the local police will show up. Believe me when I tell you they won’t be amused by a false alarm.”
“Oh, now I get it.” She flopped back down on the bed.  “That’s why my mom wanted me to sleep here tonight.”
“What?” I looked askance at her, surprised at her comment. “What does that mean?”
She sat up, crossing her legs as she leaned up against the headboard, before she confided in me. “She’s worried about some creep.”
“Is she?” I cautiously measured my words. “What makes you say that?”
“I heard her talking to Dennis Pisciotti on the phone. She told him to check on a license plate because she thought she was being followed.” There it was -- proof that little pitchers do indeed have big ears.

Chapter Seven --

“Actually,” I smiled, hoping to dissuade her from worrying, “it was my idea. I offered to put you up the other day, when she booked the Black Oak Room for your grandmother. I even told your mother it would be my Christmas gift, but she turned me down. She said you had a perfectly good room at home.”
“Swear?” For the first time since she arrived, I met Michaela’s gaze head on, and I took in all the details of that fourteen-year-old face. There was real anxiety in those brown eyes of hers, and it wasn’t just there because she thought there might be someone stalking her mom. Mickey knew something. I needed to find out what it was.
“I swear. Scout’s honor.” I held up my hand, giving her my solemn vow. “Why? Is there something that makes you think your mom has a problem?”
She bit her lip, and I saw that glint of metal as the light hit her braces. I could tell she wanted to say something, but she wasn’t sure if I was the right person. Whatever it was, it seemed to be eating away at her.
“Mickey? If you know something and it’s important, we have to tell your mom.”
“It’s no big deal,” she tried to insist, but I wasn’t convinced.
“Tell you what. Why don’t you let me decide whether or not that’s true? I’ll take responsibility for this, and if I think your mom needs to know, I’ll help you tell her.”
“Some guy called me the other day.”
“Did he call on your cell phone or the landline?” I cut in. There was a big difference between the two. Michaela was attached to her Smartphone; she didn’t share it with her mom.
“My cell phone. He knew my name and he said my mother was a...a....” She couldn’t bring herself to say the word. I took a stab at the problem, sitting down on the bed next to her.
“He called your mother a bad name?”
She nodded again, finally spitting it out letter by letter. When I heard what it was, I cringed.
“Honey, why didn’t you tell your mother right away? That’s something she needs to know, especially if it involves a case she’s working on.”
“I didn’t want her to get upset. She hates that kind of language.”
“Oh, Mickey,” I hugged her. “Has anyone told you lately what a great kid you are?”
“No.” Suddenly weepy, she clung to me. I could feel her trembling.
“Well, you are. I’m proud of you for telling me. Now, don’t worry. Your big, old Uncle Bur is right out back, we’ve got a super security system, and we take very good care of all of our guests at the Four Acorns Inn. Tomorrow your grandfather will be here,” I reminded her, trying to distract her from her concerns. It didn’t work.
“What about my mom? What if someone wants to hurt her?” Unlike a lot of teenagers, Michaela was a little too aware of life’s ugly realities. How could I reassure her that everything would be fine?
“I will call her right now. Let me write down the details of what happened to you. In the meantime, you can get settled for bed.”
“I don’t think I can sleep now, Scarlet. I’m scared.” When I studied her, I saw the tired eyes. Maybe Larry wasn’t the only one who hadn’t been getting enough shuteye.
“Good thing we have three dogs.” I patted her hand. “Three very noisy watch dogs. Does that make you feel better?”
“I guess.” She gave me a tentative smile. “I wish I had a dog.”
“By the way, don’t be surprised if Mozzie climbs into bed with you. He doesn’t like to sleep alone. Oh,” I chuckled, finally understanding why Jenny was so eager to offer Michaela a place to stay. “I guess that girl is pretty clever, suggesting I invite you to stay at the inn. I think she wants you to look out for her best buddy while she’s gone.”
“I don’t mind. I like dogs.”
“Good thing. I hope you also like cats. You’ll probably come across Scrub Oak at some point. By the way, we don’t let him outside. Too many predators in the woods. Coyotes, foxes, even fisher cats.”
“Ooh, that sounds scary.”
“Nothing you have to worry about,” I assured her.
“Honest?”
“If you ever come across a wild animal in the woods, just make a lot of noise and carefully back away.”
“I’d rather just run,” she insisted, “as fast as I can.”
“With predators, if you do that, they’ll think you’re vulnerable prey and chase you. The trick is to make them think you’re scarier and more dangerous than they are. Sometimes you have to puff yourself up and have a bigger growl.” I pretended to be fierce, standing up, arms in the air, and let out a menacing g-r-r-r from my diaphragm.
“I’ll remember that, Miz Scarlet,” she promised, giving me a metal-lined grin.
“Good. Now why don’t you go down and say goodnight to my mother? I’ll be down in a minute.”
“Sure.” She scampered off the bed and made clawing gestures in the air above her head, lowering her voice until she sounded like a demented troll. “Get away from me, you ugly beast, before I kick your sorry behind!”
Amused, I watched her disappear down the stairs with all the grace of a five-hundred-pound canary on steroids.
As a responsible adult, I did what I thought was best. I pulled out my cell phone and made the call, even though I knew the homicide investigator would hit the roof.
“Rivera,” she announced when she picked up, suggesting she was so busy, she didn’t even have time to check her caller ID. Not a good sign.
“Larry, I think you’ve got a serious problem on your hands.”
“What kind of problem?” she wanted to know. I gave her the date and time of the phone call, along with the gist of the menacing message to Michaela.
“Crap!” said Larry. I waited for the rest of her wrath, but it never came.
“Larry?” The silence continued, and for a moment, I thought she had left me to handle some police matter. When she did speak, it was to berate her own parental skills.
“I’m a terrible mother, Scarlet. I failed my kid. I failed her big time. I should have been there for her. She should have been able to tell me about this.”
“Actually, she was trying to spare you any worry. She thought she’d handle it herself. It turns out you raised a good kid, Larry.”
“I wish she had told me. Lord, I’ve got to scramble to get the phone records. Luckily, the account’s in my name. I’ll talk to you later.”
“Larry!” I said her name urgently, hoping to catch her before she hung up on me.
“What?”
“You come to the inn to sleep tonight. I’ve got a room all ready for you.”
“Thanks, Miz Scarlet, but I’ll be fine.” Even as she blew me off, I pushed back. Knowing I’d worry about her if she wasn’t with us, I had no intention of taking no for an answer.
“I mean it. You know that Kenny put in that security system. It’s top of the line. You’ll be able to able to get some rest. I can even have Bur sleep at the inn tonight, unless you’ve got a better idea.”
“Miz Scarlet....”
“Larry, you’ve got a kid worried sick about you, and the only thing that’s going to make her feel safe is knowing she’s got her mom within screaming distance. If you need back-up, feel free to bring your cop friends.”
I could hear her breathing on the other end, and as the seconds ticked on, I waited patiently. It was just a matter of time before Larry folded. She could huff and puff all she wanted, trying to convince me that she knew how to take care of herself and that she’d be fine, but she was missing the big picture. An innocent teenage victim, caught in the blowback of Larry’s wake, had found her life turned upside down, and now it was time to step up to the plate and play for the team.
“This isn’t about you as a homicide investigator,” I reminded her. “This is about you as a mother. Don’t tell me you let your kid down and then refuse the chance to make her feel protected.”
“That’s a low blow, Scarlet! Using guilt on me is just plain mean!” she announced churlishly. Did she really just play the “defenseless girl” card? Two can play dirty. Watch me.
“I’m more than capable of going under the limbo bar, Rivera. Might as well just say yes now and save yourself a lot of pain, because I’m not going away any time soon.”
“God, you’re a pain in the tush.” There was another long pause and I knew she was contemplating the situation. Michaela was the chink in her armor, but something told me it was more than that. Larry really was genuinely worried. Did she know something specific or was she just operating on instinct? Overworked and stressed, was she even thinking straight? Could there more to that threat to Michaela than Larry wanted to admit? Did she hope to draw the bad guy away from her daughter by keeping her distance, staying away from Mickey and making herself the target?
“I may be a pain in the tush, but you know I’m right. Your kid needs you, Larry. Not next week or next month, when the case is wrapped up. Mickey needs you now.”
Finally she spoke to me. “Can I bring Max? I want to keep this unofficial until I know what’s going on.”
“Absolutely. Good choice. Call me when you’re on your way.”
“Will do,” she agreed. With that settled, she hung up.
Larry doesn’t want this to be official. She’s a state trooper and her kid was threatened, but she doesn’t want colleagues to know about it. Instead, she’s turning to her former partner, the man who always had her back. Does that make any sense? Maybe there’s something going on at work I don’t know about, something serious.
Max had been Larry’s long-time mentor at the Connecticut State Police homicide unit. After twenty years of complaining about the crazy hours and the nasty suspects, and dreaming about buying a bar down in Daytona Beach and spending his days sipping Margaritas with a bevy of beautiful women in bikinis, he ended up taking a job with Darwin Pellman, the high-power defense attorney down in New Haven a few months ago. He had gone over to the dark side, in the eyes of former colleagues, and yet, he was the man Larry reached out to for help. She trusted him.
Max pulled into the driveway a little after ten, triggering the motion-sensor lights, and stopped his car in our small parking area. I watched him climb out of the driver’s seat, grab his overnight case, and hobble to the front porch of the Four Acorns Inn as I stood on the top step, feeling the cold air through my sweater as I waited.
“Hey!” I greeted him with a hug. “How’s everything? Thanks for coming.”
“You know me, Miz Scarlet. I’d do anything for Larry Bear.”
“I thought as much. To tell you the truth, Max, Michaela’s rather upset by all this nonsense, and Larry even more so.”
“I can’t really blame her. No cop wants to hear that his kid is being menaced by some creep who belongs in a jail cell.” His worn face was now adorned with a new pair of glasses, metal rims, and a graying moustache. We walked into the foyer together, and once he removed his navy parka, I hung it up.
“Let me show you to your room,” I said, taking his arm in mine. With his bad knees, I knew stair-climbing was a challenge for Max, so I steered him to the small elevator that would take us up to the second floor. We chatted about the weather, the family, and his new job as the tiny car traveled slowly to its destination. Michaela was already there, waiting for us, as the door open and we stepped into the hallway. She threw her arms around her mother’s former partner and gave him an almost desperate hug.
“I’m so glad you’re here, Maxie! I’ve missed you!”
“I missed you, too. You look great, kid. Very grown up. You must be breaking a lot of hearts these days, fighting the boys off with a stick.”
“Not really!” said the teenager, blushing.
“Yes, really,” he laughed, tugging on a lock of her long, dark hair.
My cell phone rang as I stood there, enjoying their good-natured camaraderie. Glancing down, I saw it was Larry.
“Excuse me. I’ve got to take this call.” I stepped away and headed down the hallway, rounding the corner before I answered it. “Hi. Where are you?”
“I’m here, Scarlet, on your front porch.”
“I’ll be right down,” I promised.
“For God’s sake, hurry. I’m freezing my fanny off out here!”
A moment later, I passed the chattering teenager, now holding Mozzie, and the retired cop.
“Mickey, can you please show Max to the Red Oak Room and help him get settled?” I asked as I passed them, heading for the stairs.
“Sure. Come on, Maxie. It’s this way,” she directed him, now a veteran of the official Four Acorns Inn tour.
I hurried to reach the bottom, scurrying across the twenty feet of foyer, and opened the front door to a sorry sight. Larry, uncovered hair damp with melting snowflakes, was shivering as she stood under the porch light. Her eyes were dark, almost brooding, reflecting a hint of danger on the horizon. There was trouble headed this way. I could see it in her expression, even as she tried to hide it. But it was the scene behind her that captured my attention. I noticed snow had begun to fall. The big, fat flakes seemed to float in the air as they fell to earth. Why did that bother me? We were expecting at least three inches before the night was ended.
And then it hit me. The ground should be pristine and untouched, and yet I saw boot prints.  There were two different sets, one large, one small. They cut through that white blanket, leaving a trail that went around to the back of the house.
“Did you walk through the yard?” I inquired, pointing to the snowy tracks.
“Of course I did. I’m trying to determine if there has been an intruder on the premises.”
“And?”
“Hard to tell.”
“Maybe Bur did a check, to make sure everything was secure,” I suggested. “He was hanging around the house a little while ago. I’ll ask him.”
I thought that might make her feel better, but she was still snippy. “Are you going to invite me in or admire the damn view?”
“Sorry. Let me take that suitcase.” I reached out and took it out of her hand, waiting for her to cross the threshold before I shut and locked the front door.
“I see Max is already here,” she said, sitting down on the hall chair. Raising her left foot, she slipped off the black boot, revealing a black herringbone-patterned sock. She set it down, and did the same with her right foot.
“Michaela is showing him the Red Oak Room,” I smiled. “I’ve got you in the White Oak Room.”
“This is so unnecessary,” she grumbled, as I reached down and took the soggy boots from her and put them on the boot tray in the hall closet.
“It’s just to protect the floors. The salt from the sidewalk wreaks havoc with the finish, Larry.”
“No, not the boots. The bed. I’d be just fine at home.”
“Tough tiddlywinks. You’re here, so live with it. By the way, what time do you want breakfast tomorrow and what would you like?”
“Breakfast?”
“It’s all part of the pampering,” I grinned. “What time?”
“I’ve got to be on the road at seven-thirty.”
“So, do you want to eat at six-thirty, seven?”
“Seven.”
“I can make you eggs, waffles, French toast, pancakes, bacon, sausage, oatmeal....” I listed all the items on the breakfast list at the Four Acorns Inn.
“Maybe there’s an upside to all this after all,” she decided, raising an eyebrow playfully as her lips softened into a semblance of a smile. “At least I won’t have to cook. Now, let me go talk to Max.”

Chapter Eight --

I ran the dogs outside for their last foray of the day. There was a light on in Bur’s apartment over the carriage house, so I buzzed him on my cell phone to find out what he knew about the boot prints.
“That was me, Scarlet. When I turned on the cameras, I had to reposition the one on the north corner. It must have gotten knocked loose by a branch.”
“Oh, thanks. We saw them and we were a little worried.” The three dogs were making their way around the ornamental bushes that lined the driveway, so I just followed the conga line as they marked their dance cards. “Larry thought it was an intruder.”
“I’ll call her to explain. It will set her mind at rest. How is she?” Bur inquired. 
“Cranky. And nervous. I think she’s glad Max is here, though.”
“Good. Any trouble, you call me. I’ve got a baseball bat at the ready.”
“Nice to know, slugger.”
Just before eleven, all three dogs crowded into the elevator with me and I pushed the button to the second floor. When I pushed open the door, January trotted off to see if Lacey had any treats in her room. The other two decided to follow, just in case it was true. Meanwhile, I went to find Larry and her daughter.
Mickey was sitting on one of the twin beds in the White Oak Room. Larry had hung up her clothes for the morning on the hook of the closet door, and she was headed to the bathroom, her toiletry bag in hand. I paused at the door briefly. “I just wanted to say goodnight.” 
“That’s your cue, kid. Sweet dreams.” Larry kissed her daughter’s cheek and sent her off with me. We got as far as the door to take us up to the third floor when we heard the sound of tiny paws thumping toward us. The pooch pack had returned. Without hesitation, the Jack Russell took the lead, shooting past us up the carpeted steps. Mozzie and Huck followed. January curled up on the armchair in the sitting room, staking out her claim. Huck took up his position on my bed pillows. Mozzie was at a loss, still waiting for Jenny to return.
“Not to worry, boy. You’ll have a friend with you tonight.” I sat down on the small sofa and invited him to join me as I waited for my new roomie to brush her teeth. Scratching the King Charles Cavalier spaniel behind his ears, I watched his eyes start to close. Ever since Jenny left, the poor dog was restless, unable to settle down. He was definitely tired tonight. Maybe with Mickey, Mozzie could finally get some rest.
“I’m all done with the bathroom, Miz Scarlet,” said Mickey, as she emerged. She was dressed in an oversized white tee shirt and a pair of pink plaid flannel pants. “See you in the morning.”
“You, too.”
Mozzie watched her go into Jenny’s room. I could see the little dog thinking about that. He listened to the sounds of the teenager climbing into bed and settling down in the unfamiliar room. The bedside lamp went off, leaving the room dark. A moment later, the small dog with the sweet disposition hopped down from the loveseat and followed, curiosity getting the better of him.
“Is that you, Mozzie?” I heard Mickey ask a moment later. I waited a few minutes, watching the weather forecast on TV, just in case Mozzie changed his mind. When the news crew moved on to the sports report, I gave January a pat as I passed her on my way to the bathroom. Ten minutes later, tucked under my fluffy down comforter, Huck by my side, I drifted off to sleep, happy to know that Larry and Mickey were in no danger.
I dreamed I was running in the snow, slipping and sliding down the blue trail up on White Oak Hill. Someone was chasing me, but I was afraid to look over my shoulder. I just wanted to get away from him.
“Help me! Someone, help me! Please!”
“Miz Scarlet!” I heard a voice calling my name. There were dogs barking. “Are you okay?”
“Help me,” I cried again. More barking.
“Wake up! You’re dreaming!” A terrified Michaela stood in the doorway of my bedroom. I had left a lamp on in the sitting room, and I could see her trembling.
“What?”
“You’re having a nightmare.”
“Oh, Mickey!” I sat up in bed, turning on the light. “I’m so sorry. I hope I didn’t frighten you too much.”
“No, just enough,” the teenager blurted out. “Boy, Miz Scarlet, you sure can scream!”
“What’s going on?” demanded a voice at the bottom of the stairs. Larry pounded up the steps, two at a time. “What happened?”
“Scarlet had a nightmare, Mom.”
“She did?” Larry stepped into my bedroom. “You did? Do you normally have nightmares?”
“Not that I know of,” I admitted sheepishly. “I’m really sorry I woke you both.”
“What were you dreaming about?” she asked, sitting on the end of my bed. “It sounded unpleasant.”
“It was. I was being chased on the trail by a maniac with a gun.”
“Do you know why? Sometimes if you know what goes on in your nightmare, you can figure out what you were really dreaming about.”
“Yes. It’s because I knew his secret and he didn’t want me to tell anyone.” I shivered at the memory of the dream. I could hear the killer’s voice, but I couldn’t see his face.
“It must have been horrible because you were screaming bloody murder. I thought someone was in your room!” Mickey told me, the shock still clinging to her words.
“And you were brave enough to check on Miz Scarlet anyway?” The proud mother put her arms around her daughter and gave her a bear hug. “You might just be a chip off the old block after all.”
“What?” Mickey grinned shyly. “I had to go by her room to get to the stairs. It’s the only way out of here.”
“That’s my baby,” Larry announced, planting a big kiss on Mickey’s cheek.
“Yes, but now I’m wide awake. I’ll never get back to sleep.”
“Come with me, little one. Mama Bear’s going to tell you a story.” The pair left me, returning to Jenny’s room. I lay awake, listening to the hushed sounds of a conversation. Even though I couldn’t understand the words spoken, I took comfort that there were two people in the next room.
Why was I so terrified, even now? I knew it was a dream, but somehow it felt so real to me.  I stared up at the ceiling as a thousand disjointed thoughts seemed to whirl around and converge in my head. Something was wrong, my brain kept insisting. I don’t know the man who was chasing me. He hated Larry, and in order to get to her, he had to go through me. Why?
“You okay?” Larry asked quietly. She was back, watching me as she leaned against the door jamb.
“The man in the dream...he wasn’t after me. He was after you.” I sat up again. “He wanted to destroy you.”
“Oh, you’re just worried about me because I’ve been so stressed lately. You can just forget it, Miz Scarlet. I’ll be fine as soon as both my parents are here and I know they’re not going to kill each other. I probably shouldn’t have told you about their feud. I planted the idea in your head.”
“No.” I looked her right in the eye. “My nightmare had nothing to do with your parents. Some guy wanted to kill me, but you were his real target. He hates you.”
“Okay. I’ll play along.” The homicide investigator crossed her arms. “Let me pretend your dream was real. The first thing I’m going to ask you is how do you know it was me he wanted to harm?”
“You made him really mad. You stopped him once before.”
“Did I?” She gave me a weary smile. “And how did I do that?”
“You put him in jail.”
A guarded look fell over Larry’s face for a moment, like a heavy blanket, obscuring her true emotions, but then she shrugged. She seemed to hesitate, as if she was on the brink of telling me something, something important, but then the moment passed.
“Well, if it’s any consolation, Miz Scarlet, I’ve put a lot of bad guys away in my years on the job. Not all of them wanted to kill me. A couple even proposed.”
“Yes, but this guy hates your guts.”
“Well, I’ll take that under advisement. In the meantime, I’m heading back down to my room. Sweet dreams.”
“You, too.”
Putting my head back down on the pillow, I squeezed my eyes shut, hoping to convince myself there was still time to get some more sleep. By the time my alarm went off, I had managed to get another two hours sleep.
Feeling guilty about my nocturnal disturbance, I decided to serve Larry and Mickey a breakfast that would knock their socks off. Tiptoeing down the stairs just after six, I got the bacon cooking on a cookie sheet in the oven, mixed up some pancake batter while the coffee was brewing, and sliced up some bananas in a sauté pan with a little melted butter and some brown sugar. They were nicely caramelized when Mickey wandered into the kitchen.
“What smells so good?” She peeked over my shoulder. “Bacon? My favorite!”
Larry joined us a few minutes later, her long dark hair still damp from her shower. “I’ve got to get a mattress like that. Wow, it’s like sleeping on a cloud!”
“Glad you liked it,” I grinned. “Will pancakes put a smile on your face?”
“That, and an extra five pounds on my butt,” she laughed. “But I’ve learned to eat while the eating is good. Sometimes I don’t even have a chance to sit down for lunch.”
“Well, grab a cup of coffee from the butler’s pantry and pull up a chair at the dining room table.”
“Do I smell bacon?” Max hobbled into the kitchen. “The aroma is heavenly.”
“I thought you were kosher,” Larry remarked.
“I am,” he sighed, his shoulders slumping.
“Will kosher turkey bacon work for you? I took the liberty of making you some, Max, just in case.”
“Aren’t you a doll,” he grinned. He followed Larry to the dining room, with Mickey in tow.
Bur and my mother arrived at quarter to seven, joining the others at the table. Lacey showed up soon after. She was dressed in a green plaid fleece top that had a snowman on the front, a pair of black leggings, and a necklace made of jingle bells.
“Good morning all,” she declared, helping herself to bacon from the platter and a blueberry muffin. “What’s on the schedule today? Do I have a volunteer elf to help me? Say, young lady, you look like you have potential....”
“What’s in it for me?” the teen shot back.
“Are all your gifts wrapped yet?” my mother inquired. “Do you have bows on all your packages?”
“No.”
“Then that’s what’s in it for you. Wait till you see Lacey bought for this year’s wrapping paper. You won’t want to miss it.”
“What’s so special about your wrapping paper?” the teenager asked. I could see Mickey was intrigued.
“Are you kidding?” my brother laughed. “When was the last time you saw a Chihuahua in a Santa hat? Or a fat squirrel with a candy cane? Or zombies chasing Santa?”
“That sounds awesome. I can’t wait to see Grandpa’s face when I give him his present.”
“Speaking of which....” Bur promised Mickey that she could ride with him to the airport later in the afternoon to retrieve her grandfather. They’d leave for Bradley International right after lunch.
Michaela spent much of the morning behind closed doors in the living room with the Googins girls. I could hear lots of giggling and guffawing every time I walked by.
Once I cleaned up after the breakfast crowd, I filled a Crockpot with the ingredients for minestrone soup, and set it on low to simmer for several hours, and then I got busy making beds and scrubbing toilets. When the rooms were all ready for their occupants, I vacuumed the hall carpet and stairs. I never heard my phone ring. It was only when I was winding the power cord around the machine that I heard that familiar ping. Kenny sent me a text message that made my heart sink. Sorry, babe. The closing for the house has been delayed until Saturday morning. I’ll call you later tonight. Love you. Darn it anyway, I groused to myself, so much for our plans to spend time together. With my luck, we’d have a blizzard on Saturday. I called Larry to let her know Kenny wasn’t available as back-up.
“Ask Max if he can stay another night,” was the short reply. “Tell him I really need this.”
“Right.” Hanging up, I went in search of her former partner. Knocking on the door of the Red Oak Room, I took a step back and waited. It swung open a moment later and I found myself facing a man who was tying his blue-and-gray striped tie.
“What’s up?”
“Can you stay one more night, Max?” I explained Kenny’s dilemma in New Jersey. He flipped the long end of the tie through the loop, adjusted it, and tightened it.
“How do I look?” he wanted to know, not answering my question.
“Handsome. Larry really needs you here,” I continued, wondering if he was ignoring me because he was trying to figure out a way to refuse. It turned out that I was hasty in my expectation of a rejection. Max was still Max, loyal to his former partner.
“No problem. That goes without saying. Any chance I could get a cup of coffee for the road? I’ve got a meeting in an hour.”
“Of course. Thanks.”
“My pleasure, Miz Scarlet.” With a wink, he turned, grabbed his suit jacket and briefcase, and followed me down the hall to the elevator. As we rode the car down to the first floor, it dawned on me that Max, like Bur, had a crush on Larry. Maybe he hoped this stint as bodyguard would put him in her good graces and give him the opportunity to romance her. They weren’t partners now, so there was no longer a taboo on dating. Did Larry even have an inkling of how much Max adored her? For an attractive woman, my good friend was sometimes clueless on matters of the heart. Maybe she had been through too much in her lifetime to ever let her guard down again. Or maybe it was just that the job was so tough, she had lost her faith in humanity.
By nine, Max was ready to head out the door on his way to New Haven for a shortened work day, carrying a thermal mug of hot black coffee for the hour-long ride. He paused by the door, promising to return by five, and then he asked what I was serving for dinner.
“Roasted chicken with the works and grasshopper pie.”
“Excellent. I’m looking forward to it. Do you want my credit card?”
“Credit card?”

Chapter Nine --

“So you can charge me for the room and the meals, Scarlet.”
“Don’t be silly. You’re here to keep Larry and Mickey safe.”
“I can’t accept your hospitality without reciprocating in some fashion.”
“I’ve closed the inn for the week, Max. This is all about family.”
“In that case, how about some wine to go with dinner?”
“Wine would be nice, Max. I’d like that.”
“Great. I’ll pick up a couple bottles, and maybe some after-dinner liqueurs. What do the Googins girls like?” he wanted to know.
“Amaretto, Bailey’s Irish Cream....” I gave him a grin. “And Lacey knocks back the occasional eggnog or peppermint schnapps.”
“I’ll find something appropriate. What can I get for you?”
“Oh, Max!”
“I insist. I slept like a log last night. And that breakfast? The best....” Apparently, the bachelor was enjoying the inn experience. “I could really get to like this, Scarlet.”
“I’m glad. Drive safely. We’re supposed to get four inches of snow today.”
“Tell me about it. I’m not looking forward to I-91 on the trip back. It’s likely to be bumper-to-bumper if the snow starts to pile up. See you later, alligator.”
“In a while, crocodile,” I replied automatically, remembering the hokey old phrase from my youth.  It was so like Max to say something like that. He was just your ordinary good guy, I thought, with a big dose of decency coursing through his veins. As I shut the door on the cold wind blowing in from the north, I thought about Larry and Max. He would be good for her. He was probably the only guy around who could make her feel safe.
Half an hour later, Mickey and I took the dogs for a walk in the neighborhood. The snow was already falling; the heavy flakes accumulated quickly, leaving the sidewalks slushy. The teenager took Mozzie’s leash tentatively, nervously. Dogs were still foreign to her, but I could tell she had an affinity for the canine members of the inn.
“Why is he walking funny?” she asked me, as the King Charles Cavalier spaniel reluctantly trotted along, shaking a limb every few steps.
“The ice from the sidewalk is getting stuck in the pads of his feet. That’s our cue to turn around and go back home.”
“Poor thing. Should I pick him up?”
“No. He needs to relieve himself. Heaven knows how bad things will get before the snow ends. We’ll just have to warm him up when we get back.”
“How come January isn’t walking funny?”
“Her coat is very short, so the ice doesn’t cling to her fur the same way. Huck, on the other hand, is less than thrilled,” I pointed out. It was true. The Yorkshire terrier was tearing up the sidewalk, desperate to get back to the house.
Bur was waiting for us when we stepped into the foyer. “It’s about time!”
“It’s about time for what?” I asked.
“We’ve got to go pick up Leaping Larry the Lawnmower. He missed his connecting flight and now he’s stuck in Newark.”
“What’s going on?” My mother joined us in the hallway, attracted by the commotion. Bur quickly explained.
“Can’t he just take the train?” I asked, as I pulled off my jacket. “By the time you get down there and then drive back....”
“No, he can’t. It’s Friday, so the traffic is crazy enough. Add to that the fact that this is the last weekend before Christmas. Some people are taking next week off as vacation time. All the planes and trains are fully booked. And now, on top of that, everyone else is trying to get out ahead of the storm that’s coming tomorrow.”
“I thought we were only supposed to get a few inches of snow, Bur.”
“We were...today. But the snow is changing to ice and there’s another front moving in tomorrow. The forecasters are saying it’s going to snow through Sunday. When it turns to ice, it’s going to be chaos. That’s why we’ve got to go now.” He was clearly impatient to hit the road.
“Seriously?” Michaela seemed worried. “How’s Grandpa supposed to take me to Boston tomorrow? He promised.”
“We’ll have to figure that out later, half-pint. Right now, grab your stuff and let’s get moving. We don’t want to get stuck in New Jersey for Christmas.”
“Bur, you’ll be careful on the roads....” Laurel was apprehensive enough to tug on my brother’s sleeve.
“Not to worry, Mom. I’ve got this.” My brother leaned over and kissed her cheek, and then he squeezed her shoulder, hoping to reassure her. She didn’t look all that convinced. “We’ll be fine.”
“And you’ll take good care of my car? You’ll return it in one piece?” I demanded, reluctant to hand over my keys. Was this trip really a good idea? I understood Big Larry’s urge to get while the getting was good. I just didn’t understand why Bur and Michaela had to drive all that way in the early hours of what could turn out to be a dangerous ice storm. How were the three of them supposed to make it back to Connecticut if the roads were too slick to drive on? “If he could wait until tomorrow, maybe Kenny could pick him up on his way here.”
“There’s no guarantee Kenny’s going anywhere tomorrow, Scarlet, especially if the roads ice up. I’ve got to go. We’ll call you when we get to the airport.”
“Please do,” said Laurel.
My mother was apprehensive as she watched the car disappear down the road. I knew she wouldn’t be able to relax until she heard from them again. It was going to be a long afternoon.
“Want a cup of tea?” I asked. “I’m having one.”
“Please.”
I headed off to the kitchen, returning a short time later with two steaming mugs. My mother sat in her favorite chair, working on a crossword puzzle. January was squeezed into the chair beside her, snoozing. Settling on the sofa, I flicked on the television and started channel surfing. I stayed away from the local stations, knowing that my mother would fret if she watched the live weather reports. The Food Network was doing a holiday special. I put my stocking feet up on the ottoman and sipped my tea as I watched six different variations of Christmas cookies made from a single recipe. Huck hopped up and curled into a ball at my side. Mozzie, the forlorn pooch who missed his mistress, parked himself in front of me, waiting for an invitation to join the party.
“Come on, boy. No reason for you to feel left out.” I patted the sofa. “The more the merrier.”
Mozzie cautiously climbed up onto the upholstered seat and sat on his haunches, gazing at his surroundings and waiting for divine inspiration to tell him what the most comfortable spot on the sofa would be. At last, after much thought, he decided that my lap made the perfect pillow, so he scrunched up next to me and flopped, displacing Huck. I picked up the smaller dog and placed him on the other side of me. Good thing the Yorkshire terrier was easygoing.
“Is that a car in the driveway?” Laurel asked a few moments later. “Did they change their minds and come back?”
“I’ll check.” I got to my feet, disturbing my canine companions in the process, and crossed the room. Peering out the window, I could see the other half of the Googins girls duo walking toward the inn, bundled up against the chilly wind. “It’s Lacey. Her exercise class must have been canceled.”
“I wish Bur and Mickey hadn’t gone. I should have stood my ground,” Laurel said, clearly in the mood to kick herself in the proverbial backside. “It was a bad idea to allow them to go.”
“Bur is a very safe driver,” I reminded her. “He wouldn’t take any unnecessary chances, especially with Mickey in the car. I’m sure they’ll be fine.”
“I hope you’re right.” Judging from her tone, it sounded like she thought it was wishful thinking on my part.
A noise in the hallway signaled the new arrival. Three sets of ears shot up as the dogs heard Lacey’s key slide into the lock. January ran out of the room in her capacity as lead watchdog, determined to investigate the suspicious sound. Huck and Mozzie were less inclined to bother; both decided to let their buddy handle the call. A moment later, the friendly bark in the foyer informed us that our new arrival was friend, not foe.
“I’m home!” Lacey entered the inn, stomping her wet boots a foot at a time, singing in an overly loud falsetto. “Where is everyone?”
“We’re in the living room,” my mother and I answered in unison. The sound of tingling jingle bells resounded as the elderly woman made her way down the corridor and appeared in the doorway. Her gray hair was matted down with tiny flecks of ice and a few snowflakes here and there. She shook her head, and then ran her fingers through her hair, fluffing it up again.
“Well, God bless you for having the good sense to stay indoors! Brr!” Lacey hugged herself. “It’s nasty out there. Where’s little Mickey? Off gabbing on her phone? Or texting?”
“Bur took her with him down to New Jersey,” Laurel announced.
“New Jersey? She seemed surprised by the news. “What’s in New Jersey?”
I gave Lacey the short version of Big Larry’s airport saga. By now, my mother was back to openly fretting. She was certain the car would go off the road, or someone would crash into them.
“My son’s trying to impress Larry! He’ll do anything to get in her good graces!”
“Getting her daughter and her father killed in a car crash won’t do much on that front.” said one Googins girl to the other. “That would be foolish. Besides, Bur’s not a complete idiot, Laurel. He knows Larry will do a lot more than just take a chunk out of him if anything happens to her nearest and dearest. She’ll kill him!”
“Too true,” I laughed. “I’ll bet Larry knows a hundred different ways to do it.”
Those were the words my mother needed to hear. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “You’re probably right. I’m worrying over nothing.”
Tra-ling...tra-ling...tra-ling. The sudden peel alerted me to a call on the inn’s landline. I picked the cordless phone from its cradle, pushed the button, and greeted the caller.
“Four Acorns Inn,” I announced.
“Is this Scarlet Wilson?” The female voice on the other end demanded to know. “Are you the innkeeper?”
“It is and I am,” I replied. “How can I help you?”
“I have been trying to get a hold of my daughter all afternoon, but her phone is turned off. I want to tell her that I took an earlier plane from Atlanta.”
“You must be Mrs. Rivera. Do you need a ride from the airport? I’ll be happy to come get you. What gate are you at?”
“I’m not in Hartford.”
“Oh?”
“I could only get a plane to JFK in New York. I planned to take the limo or the train to Connecticut, but I have been informed that it’s not an option for me.”
“You’re in New York?”
“Didn’t you hear me the first time?” Edna Rivera wanted to know.
“Well, I did. I’m just surprised that you didn’t call sooner. We’re having bad weather here and....”
“...it’s supposed to get worse. Yes, I know all that. That’s why I took an earlier flight. And now I need a ride, but I can’t get a hold of my daughter, to let her know she has to pick me up at the airport. Don’t you have a worker you can send down here? I’m sure my daughter will pay him.”
Oh, she’ll pay him alright. I’m just not sure you’re going to like your traveling companions. I could just imagine the moment when the Four Acorns Ford Focus pulled up to the curb at JFK Airport and Edna came face-to-face with her ex-husband. Priceless.
“Ma’am, where are you and what’s your phone number?” I reached into the drawer of the end table for a note pad and a pen, and took down the information. “I’ll get back to you.
My first call was to Larry’s cell phone. No answer. I sent her a text. My next call was to Bur.
“Where are you?” I asked my brother.
“Hackensack. Don’t worry, Scar. The road trip is going fine.”
“Well, it’s about to get worse, trust me. Guess who just flew into JFK from Atlanta and needs a ride to the Four Acorns Inn.”
“The Queen of Clean landed in Queens? Typical,” said an unfamiliar male voice in the background. Ah, the joys of speaker phone function.
“You’ve got to be joking! There’s no way I can pick Edna up now!” I could hear the frustration in my brother’s voice. “I’d have to turn around and....This is Friday. How am I supposed to get through Manhattan at the top of rush hour and still get home before midnight? Is the woman mad?”
“I’ve been saying that for years,” Big Larry announced, adding his two cents to the conversation. “Stubborn and determined to do things her way, no matter who gets inconvenienced....”
I could hear Bur trying to shush the baseball coach without much luck. I broke in.
“She tried to get a shuttle, but had no luck, Colonel. The limos and trains are full. If you don’t pick her up, she’s stranded.”
“Ducky! Now I’ve got to decide if I’m taking the Lincoln Tunnel or....”
“I’ll leave you to that,” I told him, “I’ve got to call Edna back and give her the good news. I’ll give her your number.”
“Well, do that, but I’m pretty sure I already have her number, if you get my drift.” My brother sighed heavily, even as Mickey and Big Larry continued chattering away in the background. “It’s going to be an interesting reunion.”
“You can say that again, Colonel. I’d give my right arm to see Edna’s face when you three show up.” Bur chuckled, Mickey giggled, Big Larry gave an amused howl from the passenger seat.
“She’s going to blow a gasket,” said the ex-husband, with enthusiasm that bespoke of the baseball slob’s delight in riling up the Queen of Clean.
“I’ll be sure to have my camera ready,” Bur promised, just before he hung up.
I immediately called Edna back. She answered on the second ring. I could hear the relief in her voice when I told her that Bur was on his way.
“It’s wall-to-wall people here. I’ve been bumped and jostled left and right. It’s dreadful, absolutely dreadful. I’m so afraid someone is going to walk off with my suitcase.”
“It will take him some time to get there,” I cautioned her. “Be patient.” 
“Is he a conscientious driver? I don’t like to get into the car with just anyone. You never know these days....”
“Not to worry, Mrs. Rivera. If you get into his car, I can assure you my brother will get you here in one piece.” If you get into his car....What will she do when she sees Big Larry, run for the hills...get on the next flight back to Atlanta...clobber somebody?

Chapter Ten --

Larry hadn’t gotten back to me. I tried once more, but she still wasn’t answering her phone and now my concern was growing. By the time Max returned to the inn, a big brown paper sack in his arms, I was perplexed. 
“How’s everything?” he greeted me. I took the package he offered and set it down on the hall console table. “You don’t look happy.”
“It’s been a wild afternoon.” I filled him in on the news about Edna.
“Oh, she’s a tough nut to crack, like my Aunt Goldie. She goes right for the jugular, a regular pit bull in pumps, always looking for a way to cut you down to size. Larry’s going to hit the roof about this mess.”
“I haven’t gotten through to her yet.”
“What?”
“I left her messages and sent her a couple of texts, but I couldn’t reach her. Edna had the same problem,” I told him. A funny look came over Max’s face. He fished his phone out of his pocket and punched a few buttons.
“Give me a minute,” he said, walking away.
“No problem, Max. I’m going to take the dogs out.”
Gathering the canine trio together, I took them for a quick trip around the yard, just long enough for them to get the job done. When I walked through the back door, the retired homicide investigator was nowhere to be seen. I checked in the living room, where I found the Googins girls watching the local news channel. “Have you two seen Max?”
“Oh, he poked his head in to say hello and then asked us to tell you that he is expecting an important phone call. He’ll catch up with you.”
“Great,” I nodded. I hoped that didn’t mean trouble for Larry. How complicated could it be to find out where she was and why she wasn’t answering her phone? “In the meantime, I think I’ll get cracking on dinner.”
Stepping out into the hallway, I noticed the library door was shut. Apparently, the experienced investigator needed privacy. Surely he should have had an instant answer when he called Larry’s unit. Someone had to know where she was. Should I view the closed door as a harbinger of trouble? Now I was definitely worried.
Half an hour later, Max came to find me in the kitchen, where I was in the middle of preparing a chicken for the roasting pan. His eyes had a guarded look to them, his mouth was drawn tight.
“Want the good news or the bad?”
“How bad is it?” My stomach felt like I was riding an express elevator down from the fortieth floor.
“Larry left the forensics lab in Meriden two hours ago. She told the people on her team she had a personal emergency. Her phone was just found on the seat of her car, along with her purse. There were signs of a struggle, some blood. Not a lot of blood, but enough.”
“Dear God!” I sank down on a stool, stunned. “This can’t be happening.”
“Unfortunately, it is,” he reminded me. “At least Michaela isn’t here.”
“You think someone kidnapped Larry?” It must be true. How else could we explain the items left in her car? Larry never went anywhere without her phone. It was a lifeline, especially since she was always on call.
“It’s possible.” Max was hedging his answer. Did he want to believe she’d be okay as much as I did?
“She was so worried about this case, Max. Carmine Tossi’s kid....”
“Yeah, I know. It’s an ugly situation.”
“Do you think someone’s trying to squash the investigation?”
“It’s hard to know what to think, Scarlet. We really don’t have anything to go on at the moment.”
“What if she was kidnapped....Or worse?” I suddenly flashed back to my dream. No, not a dream...a nightmare. Someone had wanted to get Larry. Even in my sleep, I had known she was in grave danger. “What if someone wants to kill her?”
“Not to worry. I’m sure her colleague misheard her,” he fibbed, pretending that there was a logical reason why the homicide investigator was missing. “It’s just a silly misunderstanding. The state cops will locate her before you know it.”
That didn’t explain why Larry left her phone and her purse behind. Nor did it explain the blood in her car.
“And if they don’t?” I wanted to know.
“Don’t even say that, Scarlet.” Our eyes met and I could see the painful doubt creeping into his thoughts, feeding his personal sense of helplessness. He was no longer running the show. Max couldn’t call in his people or launch an investigation. He was a civilian now. “There’s got to be a logical explanation. There has to be one!”
“What can we do? We’ve got to do something,” I insisted. “We can’t just sit here on our hands!”
“I gave the unit my number. They’ll call me back when they’ve got something. I told them Larry’s parents are coming in tonight.”
We were at a loss, the pair of us, sitting in the library and waiting for answers, waiting for some reason to hope. Twenty minutes later, when the landline rang again, I expected to hear Edna’s voice on the other end. I was shocked to hear Larry speak.
“Ms. Wilson? This is Laurencia Rivera. I’m staying in the White Oak Room at the inn while my condo’s being painted....” What was she talking about? I put my hand over the phone.
“Max, it’s Larry, and she’s acting like she doesn’t know me!”
“Put it on speaker,” he urged me. “Hurry up!”
I did as he directed, my fingers trembling as I punched the button. Taking a deep breath, I let it out slowly before I spoke, mentally preparing myself. “Yes, Ms. Rivera. What can I do for you?”
“I wonder if you could help me out. Apparently, I think I left my bank card on the dresser in my room. Is there any chance you could go in there and check for me?”
Max grabbed my arm and squeezed, before he leaned over and whispered into my ear. “Tell her you’ll be happy to look. Then put the phone down and walk out the door. Make some noise.”
I followed his instructions. Max met me in the butler’s pantry. “Okay. When you go back in there in a minute, you ask her if it’s a Bank of America card. When she says yes, you tell her you have it. Got that?”
Why did it matter if it was a Bank of America card? I started to ask, but Max shook his head.
“Just trust me, Scarlet.”
A moment later, I made a very loud approach into the kitchen, with Max softly on my heels. As he hovered, I spoke.
“Ms. Rivera? Is it a Bank of America credit card you wanted?” There was a long pause before Larry responded.
“Why, yes. Yes, it is. Did you find it?”
“It was on your nightstand.”
“Great,” Larry told me. “I’ll be right over to pick it up. I’m having dinner with a friend of mine tonight and I promised him I would treat.”
“Okay,” I replied, feeling a sudden rush of panic for the safety of my friend. What if this was the last conversation she ever had? What if the creep who was holding her captive didn’t bring her to the Four Acorns Inn? “Get here in one piece.”
“Excuse me?” I could hear the worry in her voice. Had I just put her in greater danger? Think, Miz Scarlet. Say something logical.
“Be careful. The roads are icy now.”
“Right,” said the experienced homicide investigator, sounding relieved. “We’ll be there in about ten minutes.”
I barely had time to hang up before Max grabbed my arm and steered me out of the library and down the hall in the direction of the living room.
“We have to put the ladies somewhere safe,” he told me. “Is there a closet we can use, somewhere that won’t be searched by Larry’s abductor?”
“Better yet, what about the carriage house?” I countered. “Bur’s got a heated workshop in the garage. Will that help?”
“Absolutely!” Max let out a long breath of relief. “I’m going to need your mother’s wheelchair.”
“Why?”
“I don’t have time to explain now.”
Three minutes later, bundled up against the cold, the ladies were escorted out to the tiny workshop at the back of the building. Max had to lift the wheels on my mother’s motorized chair over some of the patches of ice on the driveway, but we managed to get her there in one piece. Tapping the switch for the automatic overhead door, my heart pounding, I counted the seconds until it rose. Time was of the essence. There was no telling when Larry and her kidnapper would show up. Hurrying inside, I led the trio past my car, all the way to the door of the small room in the back of the carriage house, where I flipped on the overhead fluorescent light, and searched for my brother’s favorite flashlight. With the blue Maglite in hand, I turned on the thermostat for the electric baseboard heater. Then I retrieved two plastic patio chairs from the corner and set them on the floor in the corner. Max and I lifted my mother to her feet and helped her into one of them.
“Here,” I handed Lacey the heavy flashlight. She groaned under its weight. “It’s heavy, I know.”
“We don’t have much time,” Max informed them. “Stay here. You’ve got your phones?”
“We do,” Lacey told him. I could see the Googins girls were terrified.
“We’ll come and get you as soon as this is over. Keep the light off.” I hugged my mother, kissing the top of her head, and then I threw my arm around Lacey’s shoulder. “Be safe.”
“Scarlet, come on!” Max had the wheelchair and he was standing in Bur’s open bay. I flipped off the ceiling light and shut the door to the workshop, following in his wake. That’s when a pair of headlights flashed in the driveway. “Crap!”
“What are we going to do?” I cried. I started to run for cover, but then the horn honked. It was a familiar horn. Looking up through the glare, I saw the SUV had New Jersey plates.
“Kenny! What is he doing here?” Relief flooded over me like a big, warm wave of pure, unadulterated love. Kenny to the rescue. My hero. Everything will be okay now.
“Say what?” Max was stunned. We stood there as the car rolled down the driveway towards us. “His timing is perfect!”
“You’re telling me!”
Thirty seconds later, Kenny’s Ford Edge was safely ensconced in the garage, out of sight. The three of us sprinted back to the house with the wheelchair in tow, even as Max and Kenny were plotting strategy.
“You call the state police....” The former homicide investigator barked out orders, giving Kenny the contact numbers to get the ball rolling. “If you hear me say ‘rock and roll’, Ken, that’s your cue to burst in.”
“Got it.”
“You armed?” Max wanted to know.
“You bet. And I can be dangerous when I need to be.”
The two men put the wheelchair down in the hallway and Max settled into it. “Do you have a lap blanket for me, Scarlet?”
“Sure. There’s one in the living room.” I went to fetch it. The soft whir of the motorized machine told me the anxious investigator was hot on my heels, giving it a test run before the action heated up. He got stuck on the lip of the threshold, as one of the wheels spun, and had to back it up and try again. “Make sure you go over the threshold with the full force of the motor behind you, Max.”
“Front wheel drive, huh?”
“I guess so. Here’s your blanket.” I laid the Black Watch tartan over his knees. “What do I do?”
“You act like you don’t know Larry. You’re just an innkeeper and she is a guest, just like I am.”
“Okay,” I nodded. “What about the credit card?”
“Take mine.” Max pulled out a Bank of America credit card and handed it over to me. “Put it in your pocket, but don’t hand it over unless it’s absolutely necessary.”
“They’re here!” Kenny popped his head into the living room to warn us. He finagled with the mantle greenery, tucking something behind it. “This is a wireless camera. I’ll be able to monitor the action in this room. I have a couple more set up in other rooms, just in case.”
“Oh, where is Huck?” The Yorkshire terrier wasn’t on his sofa.
“I put the dogs are on the sun porch, so they won’t be in the way. I’ll be in the library. State cops are en route. ETA is ten minutes.”
“Roger that,” Max told him. “Okay, people. It’s show time! Don’t rush to answer the door, Scarlet. We’ve got to use up as much of that ten minutes as we can, so stall, stall, stall.”
“Right.” My hands were clammy and cold as I stood in the hall. I rubbed them briskly together, trying to warm up. When the doorbell rang, I forced myself to count to one hundred before I slowly made my way to the front door, stopping to turn on lights as I went along. The foyer was brightly illuminated by the time I opened the front door to invite Larry and her abductor in.
“Hi,” I said in an overly cheery voice. “You made it here safely. How’s the driving?”
Larry’s face was a study in tension. Her normally alert eyes looked hollow and empty, and for a moment, I wondered if she had been sexually assaulted. I caught sight of the elbow that poked into her side, prompting her to respond to my question. The man beside her was definitely controlling her movements. Who was he and what did he want with her?
“The driving was fine, Ms. Wilson. I wonder if I could get that credit card now....”
“Gee, it’s a shame you have to run off. Are you sure you two wouldn’t like to stay for dinner? I’ve got a roasted chicken that is about to come out of the oven,” I smiled. I forced myself to be friendly to the man holding my friend. “There’s plenty.”
“We’ve got a reservation,” she answered woodenly. “If I could just have that card, I’d appreciate it.”
“Hold on a minute,” said her companion, a man in his forties, as he stood behind her. Just over six feet tall, wearing a gray North Face jacket with the hood drawn tight, he seemed to tower over Larry. His eyes were green and narrow, cat-like; he eyed me like I was a canary. This man was definitely a predator. “There’s no reason to be hasty. Let’s not rush off.”

Chapter Eleven --

“I’m going to have to insist,” Larry told him firmly. “We have to go or we’ll be late.”
“I don’t want to turn the pretty lady down, especially when she’s made us such a nice offer,” the conniving creep responded, pushing his hostage further into the hallway.
“We have a reservation,” she reminded him once again.
“We’ll cancel it, sugarplum.” He leaned over and bit her earlobe. Larry winced, struggling to contain her disgust. That just seemed to excite him.
A shiver of fear went through me, so I forced myself to turn away, hoping to hide it. It’s a good thing Max and Kenny are here. And thank God Mickey isn’t. I could see the unspoken tug-of-war going on between them as they stood there, arms entangled. Larry was desperate to grab that credit card and go. Why? Was her abductor planning to drag her to the nearest ATM and clean out her bank account? Had he promised to let her go the minute he had her money? What if he had no intention of letting her go? She could identify him. And now, so could I. As the questions pushed their way into my brain, I pushed back, trying to concentrate on what was right in front of me
 “Well then, how about a drink?” I suggested as I walked down the hall. “Come on into the living room. Mr. Talbot is in there. Bernie, it looks like we’ve got guests for cocktails!”
Behind me, I heard Larry gasp. A quick glance over my shoulder told me that her companion wasn’t happy there was someone else, especially a man, in the house, and he was keeping an even tighter grip on his captive. That would soon be remedied.
We stepped into the room and found ourselves face to face with a somewhat disheveled handicapped man slumped in a wheelchair, a lap blanket covering his legs and his right hand. If I hadn’t known better, I’d have thought Max suffered a stroke. His head was tipped to one side as he looked up at us.
“Bernie, this is Ms. Rivera and her friend. I’m sorry,” I turned to the stranger. “I didn’t catch your name.”
“Del.” He was still cautious, on alert, listening for anything that might prove threatening to his plan. In the distance, I could hear some yapping.
“Nice to meet you, Del.” I plastered a big smile on my face, hoping to convince him that I thought he was the most fascinating man I had ever met. Larry gave me the stink eye, aiming that burning rage of hers like a laser beam in my direction. I ignored it. “Please, call me Scarlet.”
“Scarlet it is.”
 “Mr. Talbot is one of our very special guests. He doesn’t have the use of his hand any more because of his recent stroke. Poor dear. Now, what would you like to drink? Wine? Gin and tonic? Scotch and soda? I can make you just about anything you’d like.” I pointed to the small bar against the wall, with its miniscule wet sink and liquor bottles. “Or, if you’d prefer something like coffee....”
A grunting sound suddenly emerged from Max’s mouth; we all turned to him at the same time. With his left hand extended, he wiggled his fingers at me.
“I think he wants something,” Del remarked, studying the man in the wheelchair.
“My heavens. You might be right.” Leaning forward, I bent down. “What’s that?”
“Awgh!” Gibberish came out of Max’s mouth. I pretended to fill in the blanks.
“Oh, did you want a vodka martini, Bernie?” I asked him sweetly. Another guttural groan emerged from between his lips. “Extra dry, right?”
As I made myself busy at the bar, uncapping the bottle of Smirnoff, I happened to gaze up in the mirror. I could see Larry trying to disengage herself from her kidnapper, but it was no use. He shoved her down onto the sofa and sat next to her. Max pretended not to notice, but I could tell he was, like me, all too aware of what was happening. I popped a twist of lemon into the drink.
“Here you go, Bernie.” I carried the martini over to where Max sat in the wheelchair and offered the glass to him. He took it, grasping the stem tightly, but even as he did, his hand seemed to tremble more. A moment later, the glass left his hand and cascaded onto the rug below, the liquid contents splattering everywhere.
“Oh dear!” I cried, thinking that the Persian carpet had been in the Googins family for more than a hundred years. It was a family treasure. “I’ve got to clean that up!”
Hustling back to the bar, I grabbed a bottle of club soda and a cotton towel, and ran back. Dropping to my knees, I doused the spot with a fair amount of bubbly water and dabbed madly at the blotchy mess. My panic was no act. Does vodka leave a stain? What about vermouth?
Max groaned again, tapping on the arm of his wheelchair with his fist. I glanced up, surprised. That’s when I caught him mouthing one word. Stall.
“Don’t worry,” I said in my best innkeeper voice. “This will come right out, Bernie. Let me just get more towels. I’ll be right back.”
“Mind if we help ourselves in the meantime?” Larry’s companion inquired. He was on his feet.
“Oh,” I stopped at the doorway. “If you can wait just a minute, Del, I’ll be happy to fix your drinks. I won’t be a moment.”
I treated him to a dazzling smile, pouring on the charm, and even twirled a lock of my hair around my finger in a twisted display of sexual interest. He gave me a nod and started to unzip his jacket. As he removed the hood, he revealed a shaved head. It somehow made him seem even more menacing. I forced myself to feign attraction as I allowed my gaze to linger on him. Noticing my interest, he wriggled out of the sleeves and displayed a set of muscles that seemed to ripple under the turtleneck shirt he wore. Larry’s thug friend did some serious workouts.
“Let’s make this a party. What about some cheese and crackers to go with those drinks?” I flashed another smile in his direction and received a toothy grin and a wink from him in return. He was definitely on the prowl now. Good Lord, I hope Max and Kenny have a handle on this, because if things go wrong, I’m in deep trouble. “Do you prefer brie or cheddar? I have both.”
From the corner of my eye, I could Larry was watching me carefully. She seemed concerned about my unexpectedly seductive behavior, but when her eyes went to Max a moment later, he managed to give her a thumbs-up. She suddenly straightened up, on alert.
“Surprise me,” the creep grinned. Not a problem, pal. You’re about to get your socks knocked off.
“I won’t be long.”
“Hurry back, sexy lady.”
I couldn’t get out of there fast enough, willing myself not to panic.  That hallway never seemed longer. The kitchen door was shut. Had Kenny done that? As I put my hand up to push it open, I felt momentary resistance on the other side. Carefully, cautiously, I pressed it again, and this time it yielded. Stepping into the room, I came face to face with a contingent of helmeted SWAT officers, all dressed in battle camouflage, and a few state troopers in uniform. Kenny must have let them into the inn through the sun porch. Was that why the dogs barked?
“You’re doing great, Scarlet,” I was told in a hushed tone by a short, squat man with gray hair and gray eyes. “We just need you to do a couple more things for us. Are you okay with that?”
“Sure,” I agreed. Now that the Four Acorns Inn was populated by Larry’s law enforcement colleagues, I was nearly sure I could do just about anything. Everything was going to work out after all. That nightmare of mine was just a bad dream.
“Here’s the plan,” whispered the head of the team. “We need some cover noise, so he doesn’t hear my team moving into position. Do you have a sound system?”
“Yes.” I nodded. He patted my shoulder.
“Good, good. I want you to go in with the cheese platter. Put the music on. It doesn’t much matter what it is, as long as it’s loud enough. And do you think you can unlock the French doors? That way, I don’t have to have my guys bust any of your windows.”
“I appreciate that,” I admitted sotto voce, thinking of the potential mess and the expensive renovation costs.
“Whatever you do, don’t let him think you saw something moving outside, because he’ll probably draw his weapon.” That ripple of pure fear ran right up my neck like a chilly finger. “That would put this whole operation in jeopardy.”
“I...I could shut all the drapes, like it’s my normal routine at night.”
“Excellent. That way, there’s no chance he’ll see my people coming. Once you get that door unlocked, fix those drinks, and then get down on the floor to scrub that rug. When you get done, excuse yourself. Tell him you want to put the dirty towels in the laundry. Can you do that?”
“Sure,” I whispered back.
“Don’t rush. Take your time. My team will move into place. You want to keep the bad guy thinking that he’s got control of the situation and he’s not in any danger of losing it. You okay?”
“Yes.” Was I? I wasn’t sure. What if something went wrong? What if I slipped up?
“Okay. Tell me one more time what you’re going to do,” he instructed me. I could feel his hot breath on my ear as he leaned in to listen to me recite the list in a hushed voice. When I got done, he spoke into his Ear Bone microphone. “She’s good to go!”
Hands turned me around by the shoulders and pointed me at the kitchen door. A platter of cheese and crackers suddenly appeared, courtesy of one of the uniformed troopers, and I was urged to take it.
“I came in here for towels,” I reminded the SWAT team member with his hand on my back. Excusing myself as I snaked through the crowd, I grabbed a couple of towels from the drawer by the refrigerator and retraced my steps. I took a deep breath to calm myself, slowly let it out, and pushed open the door to the hallway. Hoisting the cheese platter in the air with far greater confidence than I felt, I headed back to the living room. Just outside the entrance, I forced the corners of my mouth into a smile and made my grand entrance.
“Here I am at last! Sorry to keep you waiting,” I announced cheerfully. With a great flourish, I placed the ceramic tray onto the coffee table and faced my cocktail guests, encouraging them to dig in. Max was listing to one side in the wheelchair, occasionally gurgling. Larry was slumped on the sofa, glaring, first at her captor, and then at me. Del was lighting a cigarette as he lasciviously leered at me, displaying tongue. It took all my self-control not to grab that Marlboro out of his hand, stomp on it, and slap his sleazy mouth. Instead, I snagged a porcelain bowl as a makeshift ashtray and reminded myself it was time for a little noise. “Let’s have some party music, to get us in the mood!”
“Let’s,” Del agreed. “I can go all night long.”
“Oh, it’s a little chilly in here. Let me just draw the drapes.” I started at the front windows and made my way around the living room, going window by window. At last, standing at the French doors, with one hand grasping the velvet panel, I maneuvered the latch. Once I was certain the lock was undone, I grabbed the other panel and pulled it across the gap. Del is never going to see this coming. I hope they hit him so hard and so fast, he doesn’t have time to react before they take him down and cuff him.
Crossing to the Bose Wave system on the shelf above the bar, I flipped the switch and the room suddenly came alive as the sultry voice of Tony Bennett rose up. “Have yourself a merry little Christmas, let your heart be light....”
“What would you like to drink?” I asked. I stood in front of Larry, who was avoiding eye contact. “Ms. Rivera?”
“I’m not thirsty,” she replied sullenly, refusing to look at me.
“Party pooper,” scoffed the man beside her. “I’ll have a screwdriver.”
It was impossible to ignore the fact that he lingered over the word “screw”, giving it special meaning by his pronunciation. He sure was a cocky bastard, overly confident and driven by his hormones.
“Oh, I’ll need orange juice for that, Del. Let me just mop this carpet and I’ll be right back.”
I bent over the spill by Max’s feet, my hands blotting the rug. With my back to Del, I gave Max the okay gesture and got an almost imperceptible nod in return. Wet towels in hand, I got up off my knees and waved them in the air. “I’ll be back in a jiffy.”
“Hurry back,” grinned Larry’s companion, flicking his ashes on the carpet. Cretin.
“I will,” I promised, hoping the SWAT team wouldn’t storm the room until the cigarette was safely extinguished. How silly of me to think of that at a time like this. I must be in denial.
I rushed out, expecting to head back to the safety of the kitchen. The last thing I expected was to be yanked into the library by a pair of strong hands. The moment I was inside, the door shut again. I found myself pushed through a maze of wall-to-wall law enforcement. A team huddled around the computer desk, watching the live action in the living room, thanks to Kenny’s quick thinking. The tiny camera he placed on the mantle, tucked into the greenery, was giving the cops a bird’s eye view of Del, Larry, and Max. There were people checking maps and coordinating activities on their tablets and Smartphones. One of them perched his foot on an antique library stand, scrolling on his screen. I wanted to scream, “Get that boot off the furniture!”, but it seemed petty considering what was going on. For a moment, I felt like I was suffocating. How could I breathe with so many people in the same room with me? Was I having a panic attack? Or was the shock of all this danger and intrigue finally hitting me?
“Let’s go,” whispered a man behind me. He looked like all the other khaki-clad team members, save for a fringe of blonde hair showing under his helmet.
“Go?”
“You can’t stay here. You’re a civilian.”
The cold night air hit me like a slap in the face, shocking me back to reality. The SWAT team was about to storm the living room. Someone could get killed. Please don’t let it be Larry or Max...or the cops. This is Christmas, a time of joy. We buy toys for little tots and we give winter coats to people who are cold. We don’t go shooting up the Four Acorn Inn, God, I am so grateful that Jenny is with her grandparents in California.
I was whisked away, to a dark truck that was parked down the street. Much to my relief, Laurel and Lacey were there, chatting with a female trooper who was manning a computer console.
“Sit,” said the dark-haired woman to me, pointing to a bench seat. I slid into place. “The show’s about to start.”
One minute, her computer screen showed the scene in the living room as Max, Larry, and Del awaited my return. The next, it went black.
“What the hell?” I heard Del utter. “Why did the lights go out?”
“I think we lost power. It must be the storm,” Larry replied calmly, just before chaos erupted and the living room became an unexpected war zone.
Pop! Pop-pop! Pop-pop-pop! Pop! Like fireworks on the Fourth of July, the stun grenades went off, one right after the other, in a deafening cacophony. When the lights came on, there was a camouflage-clad scrum on top of Del, who was now hog-tied and screaming like a stuck pig in plastic cable cuffs. It was over in less than thirty seconds, a stunning display of law enforcement finesse.
“We’re done,” announced the woman into her microphone. “Suspect is in custody.”
“That’s it?” Lacey wanted to know. “It’s all over?”
“Is everyone okay?” Laurel leaned forward, craning her neck to see the screen.
“No casualties.”
We all crowded around the screen, clamoring for a peek at the aftermath.
“Look at Max,” I said, pointing to the man in the wheelchair. “He knew they were coming, so he dropped onto the floor. And there’s Larry in the corner. She made sure to get away from Del.”
“Who do you think the guy is?” my mother asked. “And why did he go after Larry?”
“That’s the question of the night, ladies. Hopefully, we’ll have an answer before too long,” the trooper announced.

Chapter Twelve --

Fifteen minutes later, she drove us back to the house. One of the troopers retrieved Laurel’s wheelchair from the living room and we got her into it, rolled it up the icy ramp, and through the back door, into the warmth of the inn.
“We’re almost done in here,” said the commander of the squad, meeting us in the hallway. “If you could just wait in the dining room, we’ll be with you shortly.”
Kenny sauntered in while I was in the butler’s pantry, putting on a pot of coffee. “That poor chicken of yours must be pretty tough by now. Pizza run?”
“Sounds good.”
“I’m starving. I need something sweet.” He put his arms around me and gave me a proper kiss. When we finally came up for air, he grinned. “You were awesome tonight, Miz Scarlet.”
“Was I?”
“Very impressive.” He kissed me again.
“Does that mean you couldn’t hear my knees knocking, Captain Peacock?”
“Is that what that horrible noise was?”
“It was. We should run those poor dogs outside and feed them their dinner. I’m sure they’re starving.”
“Actually, I gave the package of dog treats to one of the troopers, and he kept them busy so they didn’t yap.”
“Clever,” I laughed. I kissed him this time, to show my appreciation for his public safety skills.
Having been cooped up on the sun porch all this time, watching strangers come in and out of the inn, the three dogs were thrilled to see us. Putting on their harnesses and leashes, we stepped outside. The snow had picked up over the last hour as the temperature had plummeted. Was that better or worse for Bur and the gang out on the road?
“There you are!” said an angry voice. It was Larry. “You’ve got one hell of a nerve, Scarlet Wilson!”
She came at me like a maniac, fire in her eyes and arms flailing. I took two steps back as Kenny moved to block the furious homicide investigator from reaching me.
“What did I do?” I was baffled.
“What did you do? What did you do?” Larry’s voice rose up an octave or two. “How dare you put my daughter and my father at risk that way!”
“Me? But it was Bur....”
“Don’t you dare blame your brother for this mess! You’re the one who invited Del into the Four Acorns Inn! The man is a convicted killer and you let him near my family!”
“But....”
“Where the hell are they? I can’t find them anywhere! What did you do with them? I want answers, and I want them now!”
“They’re not back yet,” I tried to tell her. She was too busy bellowing in my face to hear me. “Don’t you realize that when you offered that creep...what do you mean they’re not back yet? Back from where?”
“I think you’re going to need a drink for this,” I told her. “Come on. I’m freezing.”
“Back from where?” she yelled again, even as I opened the door to the sun porch and let the dogs scoot inside. “Don’t worry. Last I heard from them, they were fine.”
After Kenny put in an order for two large specials at Nick’s Pizzeria, we rejoined the Googins girls and their companion in the dining room. Laurel and Lacey were peppering Max with questions. I interrupted with an offer of cocktails.
“I’m making Larry a very stiff gin and tonic. Would anyone else like one?” With the drink orders in hand, I went into the butler’s pantry to mix them. Thank heavens for the mirrored backsplash. I had installed it to help me keep up with the needs of the Four Acorns Inn guests during meals. It served me well now, enabling me to keep an eye on the action through the open door behind me.
Max made his former partner sit down beside him, ever the solicitous gentleman, albeit with his heart plastered on his sleeve. His gaze never left Larry’s exhausted face as they talked. With my drink tray in hand, I returned to the dining room and put an icy gin-laced tumbler before Larry. She seemed reluctant to pick it up. I gave one to each of the Googins girls, and set a short glass with bourbon neat down in front of Max.
“I’m going for the pizzas,” Kenny announced, kissing the top of my head. “Don’t talk about the good stuff until I get back.”
“That might be tough,” Max told him. “It’s all good.”
“Don’t you dare take one more step, Captain Peacock!” At the sound of his nickname, Kenny stopped in his tracks. “No one goes anywhere until I get some answers! Where is my kid?”
“I can’t help you with that. I came late to the party. I’m only here because my house closing got postponed until Monday,” he explained. “I’ll be back.”
He scooted out of the dining room, as the rest of us sat, dreading the next few minutes. Larry’s eyes moved from face to face, studying each of us in turn.
“Look at her,” Max said to the Googins girls and me. “She’s trying to figure out which one of you is going to break first and give up your partners in crime.”
“Oh, you’re a big help,” I replied nervously. “Since you’re so brave, why don’t you tell her?”
“Hey, I wasn’t here either. I’m not taking the fall on this.”
“We really didn’t have anything to do with it,” Lacey insisted. “Besides, it’s not like Scarlet or Bur would have listened to us anyway.”
“I told Bur not to go.” My mother shook her head. “It was too great a risk, given the weather. But he went anyway, and he took Michaela with him.”
“Took her where?” Larry demanded. I could tell she was getting ready to slap the dining room table. It was one of her signature moves when she was interrogating suspects. Her hand hovered above the shiny surface of the antique mahogany, poised to strike. She knew my weakness for family heirlooms passed down through the generations. Larry meant business and to prove it, she raised her palm a few more inches into the air menacingly.
“I’ll tell you what happened,” I promised. “Just don’t hit that table.”
 “Spill the beans, Miz Scarlet,” she instructed me, as she leaned toward me, her expression fierce and determined. “And you’d better not lie to me!”
“Your father called to say that he missed his connecting flight from Newark to Hartford. He couldn’t get a ride, because it’s the last weekend before Christmas. Every bus, train, and limo was booked.”
“So?”
“So, Bur drove to Newark to pick him up. He took Mickey with him.”
“She’s in Newark?” Larry looked shocked.
“Um, not exactly.” I took a long sip of my gin and tonic, savoring it.
“She was in Newark,” my mother announced. “And they did pick up Big Larry.”
“Where are they now?” The seasoned investigator’s eyes narrowed as she gazed upon us with suspicion. “What happened to them?”
“Well, it’s kind of a funny story, actually....”
“Miz Scarlet! Stop your stalling right this minute and tell me where my kid and my pop are!”
“You didn’t get any of your mother’s texts, dear?” Laurel broke in. “She tried to reach you several times. Scarlet only did what she did because she was trying to help, especially when your mother called the inn, needing to be rescued.”
“What in God’s name happened to my mother?”
“It’s more like what happened to everyone else,” I muttered under my breath.
“Excuse me?” she snarled.  By this time, Max was snorting. Larry turned on him. “What’s so damn funny?”
“Your mother was afraid she wouldn’t be able to fly tomorrow if the storm got worse, so she changed her ticket and flew up early. Surprise! Her plane landed this afternoon,” he told her.
“Say what?”
“I had to send Bur to get her,” I admitted. “It was the right thing to do, under the circumstances. Again, no shuttle service because of the holiday....”
“Bur took everyone to pick her up at the airport?” Larry seemed confused. “Is he insane?”
“Kind of,” Lacey nodded.
“I’m starting to think my son’s certifiable,” Laurel confided.
“Okay, so he picked up my father and then stopped to get my mother. Why aren’t they back yet from Bradley International? It’s a twenty-minute drive.”
“Your mother couldn’t get a flight to Hartford, so she flew into JFK.”
“She did what?” Larry was stunned.
“I think she panicked, dear, when she thought your father might have all the fun here at the Four Acorns Inn and she’d be stuck in Atlanta.” Lacey raised her glass in a toast. “Your mother is apparently a very stubborn woman, who wants what she wants, come hell or high water.”
“Or blizzard,” Laurel added.
“Oh, brother! If that doesn’t just take the cake....” Larry shook her head, put her hands over her face, and slumped over on the table. A moment later, her shoulders shook. We could hear a muffled sound emanate from beneath her crumpled form.
“Is she okay?” Laurel was clearly worried.
“It’s probably just the shock talking,” Max decided. “This has been a very traumatic day for her.”
A long, high-pitched howl suddenly cut through our conversation, scattering the startled dogs. Larry suddenly sat up, tears streaming down her face. She was laughing.
“My mother saved everyone from being killed by being her usual stubborn self?” asked the baffled state trooper.
“Well, I guess she kind of did,” I acknowledged. “Otherwise, your daughter and your dad would have been here when you and Del arrived, and Bur would have probably tried to play hero. It would have been a disaster.”
“Thank God for Max!” my mother declared. “He was brilliant!”
“He was, wasn’t he?” Lacey concurred. The retired homicide investigator tried to play down his role in the drama, despite the accolades that were being heaped upon him.
“Ladies, please,” Max sighed. “I didn’t do anything. It was all the SWAT team. I just did my best to make sure nobody got hurt until we could capture the bastard.”
“You had my back. You were the only one who gave me a reason to hope. I knew you had your weapon under that blanket.” Larry wiped away a stray tear.
“That was just in case things got bad before they arrived,” her former partner told us. “You always have to call for back-up.”
“But you,” Larry growled, turning her attention to me. “You flirted with Del!”
It sounded like an accusation. Was she jealous?
“I was told to stall,” I confessed. “It was the only thing I could think of to do under the circumstances!”
“The man is a convicted killer!” Larry spit out the words, her anger obvious. “He could have killed you, Miz Scarlet! He’s killed before!”
“But he didn’t. Max said I had to do whatever I could to buy some time until the state cops got here. Besides, Kenny was watching. How far would that creep have gotten?”
“Well, maybe you have a point, but I never could have forgiven you if you got yourself killed!” I felt Larry’s arms go around my neck, and the next thing I knew, I was enveloped in a big, tear-laden hug. “Thank you for hanging in there and having my back.”
“I’m just glad the guy’s in custody. No more threats to Michaela. No more stalking you. He really was nasty, wasn’t he? That thing he did with his tongue was disgusting!” I pretended to gag, but the truth was I wasn’t far from it as I recalled that horrific sight.
“I can’t believe I let him get the jump on me in the forensics lab parking lot. I never heard him sneak up behind me.”
“We were all freaked out when your phone and purse showed up in your car,” Max told her. “We weren’t sure what to think. If Michaela hadn’t told Scarlet about that phone call....”
“I’m going to have to make it up to Mickey somehow. I can’t believe she thought she was protecting me by keeping that a secret.”
“You had a lot going on, Larry Bear.” Max rolled his eyebrows, commiserating. “It’s a stressful job. You had a killer to catch.”
“I’m missing something,” I admitted. “What did Del have to do with Carmine Tossi, and why did he murder that kid in the woods?”
“Ah,” the state homicide investigator sighed. “I’m not at liberty to discuss an ongoing case, but if I were to speculate, I’d say it’s very possible that the teenager met with foul play when he put the moves on a rival’s girlfriend at school. It was probably nothing to do with Carmine, his wife, or political corruption; nor was Del involved. It was just possibly your ordinary garden variety of murder.”
“Go figure.” I drained the last of my cocktail. “It was all about a girl.”
“Most murders aren’t complicated,” Max pointed out, “and they’re usually personal. Passion, power, or cash are the usual motivators.”
“Hello! Hey, everybody, we’re back!” I suddenly heard Bur’s voice call out in the foyer. The dogs left their napping spots on the dining room carpet and went out to greet the newcomers, tails wagging.
“Oh, goody,” Larry grimaced, rolling her eyes at the heavens. She rose from the table and strode across the room, pausing briefly at the doorway, as if to gather her courage. “Now we’re going to have some fun!”
She didn’t sound like she was looking forward to it, so I put my arm around her in a show of support. “You have faced the nastiest of killers, the most ruthless of thieves. Surely you can handle Edna and Big Larry.”
“You’d think so, wouldn’t you?” she sighed. “Quick, someone hand me a whip and a chair. And get the lion cage ready. The circus is in town!”
“We finally get to meet Big Larry and Edna,” my mother remarked, as she maneuvered her wheelchair away from the dining table. “How long has it been since your parents spent any time together?”
“Fourteen years,” my friend said. “It was the day Michaela was christened.”
“Dear me,” Lacey laughed. “It sounds like there’s a story there.”
“Oh, there’s a story,” Larry grinned, before she disappeared, the reluctant circus master heading into the ring, all too aware that some of those animals were dangerous, untamed beasts. Max was close on her heels.
“Maybe we should give them a minute,” I suggested. “Let them settle down....”
The truth was I was apprehensive about dealing with Larry’s mother and father. What if they managed to ruin the holiday for Larry and Mickey? I just couldn’t let that happen. There had to be a way to make this work. Too bad we don’t have an angel apprentice, a Clarence, looking to earn his wings.
A few seconds later, I heard arguing in the foyer. Unfamiliar voices were raised in a heated conversation. The Queen of Clean and the spitball king were going at it.
“Come on,” I urged them. I was done playing the good girl. “We don’t want to miss all the action!”
“I didn’t lie about my age!” I heard Edna holler as I rounded the corner.
“You most certainly did!” Big Larry replied, his finger pointing at her. “You’re nothing but a big fibber, Edna Rae Moore!”
“Guess what!” Mickey came dancing down the hall. “Grandma isn’t sixty! She’s only fifty nine!”
“Okay,” I replied, not really sure why that mattered.
“Do you know what that means?” the teenager continued. “Grandma was only seventeen when she got married!”
“Ut-oh,” Laurel groaned. “I think I know what comes next.
“I don’t follow you,” I admitted to my mother as I stood there, the casual observer rubber-necking at the scene of the marital fender bender on the highway of love. A tiny wolverine of a woman was going to town on the man who got into her face. Bur, wise in the ways of divorce, stood off to the side, with Max, clearly not interested in breaking up a domestic fight.
“The age of consent is eighteen in most states, unless there is parental approval,” said Lacey, filling in the blanks for me. “Larry’s parents were never legally married.”

Chapter Thirteen --

“What?” I was absolutely dumbfounded. “Are you kidding me?”
“Poor Larry!” said my mother. “Look at her.”
She sat in stunned silence on the hallway chair, a wishbone for the short, bristling, gray-haired woman on one side of her and the tall, bellowing man tearing what was left of his hair out on the other.
“Mom?” Mickey tried to get her mother’s attention, even going so far as to wave her hands in front of her mother’s face, but there was no reaction.
“We should do something,” I said to Bur and Max. “Larry doesn’t look so good.”
Max knelt down in front of his former partner, not an easy task given his bad knees. He took her limp hand in his two.
“Larry Bear, it’s me, old Maxie. Can you hear me?” he asked in a kindly tone. Those dark brown eyes of hers focused for a moment on the man in front of her, but then closed. “Come on now. Don’t shut me out.”
Edna was telling Big Larry that he never did have much sense, because if he had been any smarter, he would have known what the problem was and he would have fixed it.
“Woman, are you out of your mind? How was I supposed to know you weren’t old enough to get married? You said yes when I proposed!”
“Well, you were always too busy running around that field to take care of me and the baby!”
“You’re telling me that you divorced me because you lied about your age and I didn’t know that?”
“No, you big dope! I divorced you so that you would ask me to marry you again, and then we’d be legally married and no one would ever have to know! But you didn’t want me!” With that, Edna burst into tears. “You didn’t love me!”
“Good God in Heaven,” Big Larry howled. “You’re a stubborn old fool! How many times did I ask you to marry me again and you said no every single time!”
“Maybe we should give them some privacy,” I suggested, pointing towards the dining room. “Kenny will be here any minute with the pizzas.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” Lacey replied. “This is getting good.”
“You never asked me to marry you because you loved me. It was always because you wanted to do right by Laurencia,” Edna accused him. Larry looked up at her mother, wide-eyed wonder in her gaze.
“Of course I did, I was her father! It was my job to take care of her, to take care of you,” Big Larry retorted.
“A fine job you did of that. You were always on the road with your team and all those fancy women, those baseball groupies!” Edna glared at the confused coach, even as he scratched his head.
“There was never anyone but you. Why do you think I never remarried?” demanded the exasperated spitball king. Larry turned her attention to her father, studying him closely.
“Oh,” sighed Laurel, “he still loves her! It’s a Christmas miracle.”
“She was an idiot not to tell him the truth,” said Bur, weighing in on the matter.
“Shush!” I warned him. “Don’t add fuel to the fire!”
“Pizza’s here.” Kenny stood at the back of the hallway, white cartons stacked up in his gloved hands. “Who’s hungry?”
Larry suddenly took a deep breath and slowly exhaled, as if she were coming out of a trance. She shook her head, clearing out the invisible cobwebs that had accumulated over the years of endless bickering, stood up, put her arm around her daughter, and walked towards us, even as her parents continued to go at it. “Come on, folks. There’s nothing to see here at this wreck. Let’s let the idiots figure it out on their own.”
“You okay?” Max wanted to know, as he accompanied her to the dining room.
“At the moment, I can’t say that I am, Maxie. It’s been a tough day and I’m exhausted. Right now, I want to have some pizza and a glass of red wine. We’ll take it moment by moment, until I’m back on my feet, okay?”
“Sure, kid.”
“Does this mean Grandma and Grandpa are getting married again?” Michaela asked her mother, hope shining in those young, innocent eyes.
“Oh, God, I hope not. At least not until they’ve worked it all out.”
Kenny and I got busy in the kitchen putting the pizza on platters, while Bur and Mickey set the table. Max poured Larry a glass of Chianti, and then did the same for the rest of the adults. Edna and Big Larry came in and sat down together at a pair of empty seats just as we were all finishing our first round of slices. That’s when Bur did what he does best. He went for the gold medal in the Idiots’ Olympics.
“Just out of curiosity, how did Michaela get to be named after Mickey Mantle?”
“Have you no sense at all?” I was incredulous. “We only just now got them sitting at the same table together and you want to go and spoil that?”
“Shall I?” Edna asked, turning to the former center fielder. He nodded. “It was Michaela’s parents who were at fault. We waited and waited for them to pick a name the baby, but they couldn’t agree on one.”
“Her father wanted to call her Houston,” Larry informed us.
“Isn’t that where you two spent your honeymoon?” Max asked. A moment later, he was looking chagrined. “Oh, right.”
“I suggested Whitney, but my ex said he didn’t want a kid called Witty, because then the other kids would call her Witless or Nitwit....”
“Me?” Mickey was flabbergasted, missing the obvious adult context to the name game. “I could have been named after Whitney Houston? Why didn’t you do that? It would have been so cool!”
“After three days of calling her ‘the baby’, it was time to get serious,” said the assistant coach. “So, we benched the parents and tried to come up with one that everyone liked, including the other grandparents.”
“And?” Bur was on the edge of his seat, anticipating the answer with all the delight of a twelve-year-old.
“I wanted to call you Elizabeth Louise, after my mother,” Big Larry told Michaela. “I thought that was a pretty name for a little girl. But your mother thought you should have a name that would encourage you to pursue your passions in life. I chalk that up to the fact that Edna insisted we name our baby Laurencia.”
“That was your idea, not Dad’s?” Judging the shocked expression on her face, this came as news to Larry. Her mother leaned over and patted her hand in a consoling gesture that just sent it over the top.
“I knew he was hoping for a boy to follow in his footsteps, and given that our marriage was already shaky, I wanted you to have a place in his life. I figured the only way that would happen is if I named you after your father.”
“I wanted a girl!” Big Larry broke in. “Woman, you really do need to stop assuming you know what I am thinking!”
“Get to the good part,” Bur interrupted impatiently. “Why was Larry’s daughter named after Mickey Mantle?”
“Big Larry bet me that I knew nothing at all about baseball,” Edna told us. “He promised that if I could think of one single other center fielder in the history of baseball besides him, I could name the baby whatever I wanted.”
“And you just let that happen?” Bur asked Larry. “You didn’t stop it?”
“Are you kidding? I had no idea my mother would be able to do it. She was so fierce about her loathing for the game I figured it wouldn’t matter, so I got in on the bet. I thought it would be hilarious.”
“I don’t really hate the sport,” Edna Rae Moore confessed to the group. “I was just jealous that Big Larry always spent all his time at the ball field.”
“Get to the good part,” Bur encouraged them. “What made you name your granddaughter after a Yankee?”
“Big Larry got belligerent, being the hot head that he is,” she gave him a sideways glance, “and he demanded that I spit out a name right then and there, so I did. Mickey Mantle was the only name that popped into my mind. I didn’t actually know what position he played or that he was a Yankee until later.”
Ah, revenge is sweet, especially when it’s earned by sheer dumb luck. Just like when she took an earlier flight from Atlanta and needed a ride from the airport.
“Oh good God! My granddaughter was named after Mantle because of a lucky guess? Woman, do you know how much ribbing I took about that? For years, the guys on the Red Sox gave me hell because my grandkid was named after a Yankee!”
“Gee,” Edna smiled slyly at the man beside her, “that must have been tough for you.”
“Time out!” Larry broke in, throwing her hands into a T formation. “The Rivera family is officially on vacation. From this moment on, we will be the perfect houseguests at the Four Acorns Inn. Understood?”
There was a long silence as Big Larry busied himself with another glass of wine and Edna smoothed out the non-existent wrinkles of her dress. Mickey watched her grandparents with fascination.
“I’m waiting,” Larry reminded her parents sternly. “I expect an answer.”
“Understood,” her father acknowledged, albeit it a tad grudgingly.
“Fine,” her mother agreed congenially. I didn’t buy it. I was pretty sure she’d yank her ex-husband’s chain the first chance she got. Then again, maybe that was part of the mating dance.
“Michaela?”
The teenager bristled at her mother’s stern tone. “What did I do? Why am I in trouble?”
“You’re not at the moment. I’d like to keep it that way.”
“Oh, okay.” She flashed her mother a metallic smile, the braces catching the light of the chandelier above. “Can I have the last piece of pizza?”
Mickey glanced around the table, hoping that no one else would chump her. I put her out of her misery.
“Absolutely. Eat up. And as soon as you’re done, how about we show Edna and Big Larry to their rooms?” I suggested.
“I’ll just collect my things and get out of your hair,” Max said, standing up quickly.
“You’re leaving?” Larry seemed surprised, and even a little disappointed. “Do you have to go?”
“Well, don’t you need the room, Scarlet?” He looked directly at me. “The inn is rather full tonight.”
“The more the merrier,” Laurel replied. “This is a big house.”
“Surely we can figure something out,” her cousin added. The Googins girls are romantics at heart.
“Is there any reason you and your mom can’t share a room, just for tonight?” I asked Larry. “You’ve got twin beds.”
“I’d like that,” Edna smiled. “After all, I’m the one who showed up a day early.”
“Yes, you are. But I can go home to my condo, now that all the drama is over and everyone is safe.” The off-duty homicide investigator put her napkin on the table, not realizing the impact of her words on the latecomers.
“Drama? What drama?” Mickey wondered. “Did I miss something today?”
“Safe? Who wasn’t safe?” Bur wanted to know.
“Long story. You’ll hear all about it tomorrow,” Larry promised, desperately trying to take it back, but it was too late. Bur’s bad behavior had already rubbed off on me, so I jumped in with both feet.
“Don’t go. There will probably be reporters hanging around your condo, knocking on the door all night long. It’s going to be in the papers,” I reminded her. “Stay here. Stay with us.”
“I demand to know what’s going on,” Big Larry said. “What are you not telling us?”
Larry looked at both her parents, took a deep breath, and stumbled over the words. “Del Robbins showed up on my doorstep, to finish what he started.”
“Oh dear Lord!” Edna’s fingers flew up to her mouth as a gasp escaped. “I thought he was still in prison!”
“He was supposed to be. He forged papers and got himself illegally released,” Max announced.
“How in God’s name did that happen?” The baseball coach was appalled. As he slapped the table in frustration, I realized just what a chip off the old block Larry was.
“Where there’s a will, apparently there’s a way,” sighed the retired state trooper. “His timing was impeccable, wasn’t it?”
“The anniversary of that nightmare all those years ago,” Larry remarked woodenly. That haunted look returned to her face, the one I had seen in the living room, when she was forced to sit next to her captor on the sofa.
“Who’s Del Robbins?” her daughter wondered.
“Del Robbins kidnapped and murdered your mom’s college roommate.” Big Larry glowered. “He’s a very, very bad man. Did he hurt you, baby?”
She paused, taking a big gulp of air, hungry to breathe. As I watched, I could imagine her as a terrified college student. The horror never really leaves you. It’s permanently etched on your soul.
“No, Daddy, we got him. He’s not going to get out for a very, very long time.”
A moment later, Larry was sharing the story of how she became a state police trooper, a career move that occurred because of a vicious killer, a man who lured Larry and two roommates into a chamber of horrors up at Lake Warrington during their Christmas break. “He turned his back on me for just a moment, and that’s when I grabbed the fireplace poker and beat him with it.”
“I taught her how to handle a bat,” Big Larry said proudly. “She’s a powerful slugger. Men don’t expect that.”
“My other roommate had a nervous breakdown. Lucy was never the same after the attack. I had to testify at Del Robbins’ trial. He was found guilty on all counts and sentenced to thirty years. At the hearing, he vowed that he’d come after me someday and make me pay for putting him behind bars.”
“I’ve always said this cop job was dangerous,” her father informed her. “You should quit, get a sensible position with reasonable hours.”
“Actually,” Kenny pointed out, “the only reason Larry was in danger was because she was the victim of a crime while in college. She survived today because she’s a great cop.”
“Here, here!” We all raised our glasses in tribute.
“And because she has some friends who really love her,” Max added. “What Miz Scarlet did in the living room with that cheese platter was remarkable. And let’s not forget Captain Peacock in the library with the remote wireless camera. That was quick thinking.”
“You’re not exactly chopped liver, Max. Del never suspected you had a gun under that lap blanket,” I said.
“Well done,” Bur concurred, with a nod to his competition.
“I’m just glad we didn’t have a ‘shoot ‘em up’ scene in the living room,” said the retired state cop. We were lucky no one got hurt.”
 “That’s because it’s Christmas,” said the teenager, her arm draped over Larry’s shoulder. “Santa knows I need my mom.”
“I’m not sure it was Santa’s doing,” Edna suggested, as she raised her eyes to the ceiling. “I think there were far more powerful forces at work.”
“Amen to that.” Big Larry bowed his head. “We have been blessed, haven’t we? My daughter bested a menacing killer, I got my Edna Rae to admit she loves me, and we’re staying at the Four Acorns Inn for the holiday. What more can a man ask for?”
“How about asking for a son-in-law who’s crazy about our daughter?” Edna glanced at Larry. Time again for a distraction, Miz Scarlet. I reached into my pocket and pulled out Max’s credit card.
“Here you go. We never did get around to giving it to Larry, did we?” I slid the plastic rectangle across the table to him. Scooping it up in his hand, Max tapped it twice on the table and then inserted it into a slot in his wallet, which he then put into his jacket pocket.
“Good thing,” she laughed. “Del would have realized the jig was up when he saw the name on the card. No wonder you didn’t hand it over, Scarlet.”
“Why did it have to be a Bank of America credit card,” I asked the retired homicide investigator, “why not TD Bank or Citibank?”
“Larry Bear and I had a running conversation at work during the mortgage scandal. She swore she’d never have an account with Bank of America until they changed their business practices. It was just my way of letting her know I was here at the inn and I had her back.”
“You have no idea how good it sounded to hear Scarlet say those words. I thought I was a goner,” my friend admitted. She had been through a lot in one day. I was glad she was staying for another night. “Your acting performance, Max, was worthy of an Oscar.”
“I had an uncle who suffered a stroke. I used to help my aunt take care of him,” he told us. “But don’t get used to me hobbling around. I’m due to get kneed replacement surgery in January. I hope you’ll visit me in the hospital, Larry Bear.”
“You should come to the Four Acorns Inn to recuperate,” Laurel suggested, her expression brightening at the thought. Was it because Larry lived nearby? I could see the excitement in the eyes of the Googins girls. They were already plotting their campaign to bring the lovebirds together. “Scarlet can arrange for you to have your therapy on the sun porch and she’ll pamper the heck out of you.”
“I must admit that’s a tempting idea, especially if I have visitors to cheer me up.”
“I’ll come see you,” Mickey promised. Max smiled at that.
“I hope you’re not the only one,” said the smitten man. He glanced up at Larry in time to see her blush.
“You’d better not be,” Edna told her granddaughter, even as she frowned at her daughter. And then she muttered something under her breath that had the Googins girls giggling. “It never fails to amaze me how smart people can be so dumb....A man like that stands by you all those years and you can’t even tell him how you feel? It’s a crime.”
“There’s the pot calling the kettle black,” Big Larry said out of the corner of his mouth, in his daughter’s direction. “The woman divorced me because she thought I knew she wanted to marry me!”
“Hush!” Larry shushed her parents. “We have a truce!”
“Hey, Max, does this mean you’re finally going to open that bar down in Florida?” I wondered.
“It’s a shame to waste new knees pounding the pavement for a defense attorney like Darwin Pellman,” Larry added.
“Well, actually, I’ve already taken a new position with a security firm in the area.” Max sat back in his chair with a rather smug expression on his face.
“You did?” We were all surprised, no one more than Max’s old partner. But as I gazed around the faces at the table, there was one person who didn’t seem shocked in the least bit. Kenny. He gave me a wink.
“I bet I know who you’re working for,” I announced gleefully. “Mercer Security!”
“I am. I start in January, right after my surgery.”
We all congratulated him. I took it as a good sign. Max was serious about Larry. Larry, on the other hand, was a little slow on the uptake.
“Hey, I thought you offered me that job,” Larry cried, shaking a fist at Kenny. It was true. He had tried to recruit her a few months ago, but she turned him down flat. “You rat!”
“You said you weren’t in the market,” he reminded her. “And that got me to thinking. Why should I wait around for you to be ready to retire from the Connecticut State Police, when there’s a perfect candidate who’s wasting his life down in New Haven?”
“Wait a minute!” Larry sat up. “You’ve had this in the works for some time, haven’t you, Captain Peacock?”
“Have I?” the former assistant head of the Princeton University public safety division replied, shrugging. “What makes you say that?”
“Max asked me two months ago why I wouldn’t date him, and I told him I couldn’t work for a guy who dug up the dirt for a slime ball like Pellman. And then he asked me if I’d go out with him if he changed jobs. But,” she said, turning to her former partner, “I didn’t think you’d really do it.”
“A deal’s a deal, Larry Bear. Where are we going on our first date?”
Bur groaned, shaking his head in disappointment. “This is what happens when I try to impress a girl by picking up her dad in New Jersey and her mother in New York? I left the playing field wide open for the competition. Unbelievable!”
“You snooze, you lose, my friend,” Max informed Bur. “She’s worth fighting for and I intend to give it my best shot.”
“Does anyone care about what I think?” Larry wanted to know.
“No!” Edna shouted.
“Absolutely not,” Lacey agreed.
“When it comes to matters of the heart, it’s what you feel that counts, dear.” Laurel pointed out. “You’re a lot like my daughter. You think too much. Love isn’t meant to be logical and safe. It doesn’t come with guarantees. Sometimes you just have to take a chance. This is one of those times.”
“Indeed,” said Big Larry.
“Darling, don’t make my mistake. When I think of all the years I wasted, just because I was stubborn....” Edna hugged her daughter.
“Live while you can, love while you can,” my mother added, patting Max’s knee, “for tomorrow, it may be gone.”
“Ah, you should listen to these people, Larry Bear. They are wise, even if they didn’t cross a desert to get here,” he told her.
“No, this is much more Christmas Carol than Gift of the Magi,” Larry decided, “right down to the creep of Christmas Past. I never really thought Del would ever come after me, any more than I thought I could stop him a second time. But to have him come now, at this time of year, it’s just too much.”
“It’s a miracle you survived all that.” Bur smiled at her wistfully. He knew he had lost her to another man, but when all was said and done, my brother did want the best for her. “Don’t waste it. Find your happiness. You deserve it, Larry.”
“I agree,” I nodded, raising my glass once again. “Here’s to the future. To joy and a life filled with family and friends.”
“What did Bob Cratchit say? ‘A Merry Christmas to us all, my dears. God bless us!’ This is going to be a great holiday. We have so much to celebrate” Lacey laughed. “I’m so glad to be here, sharing it with all of you.
“I agree,” the other Googins girl piped in. “What did that good-hearted little kid with the crutch say? ’God bless us, every one!’ Amen to that!”
“It sure beats ‘Bah! Humbug!’ any day!” Bur declared. “Merry Christmas!”

Author Info --

Contact the author: sarabartonmysteries@gmail.com
Author’s blog: http://sarabartonmysteries.blogspot.com

Smashwords page: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/practicalcaregiver

Review me:
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/sarambarton
Library Thing: http://www.librarything.com/author/bartonsara

Connect with me:
Twitter: @bartonmysteries
Facebook fan page: sarabartonmysteries

Other books by Sara M. Barton:
Henry Hartman’s Holiday Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #1
Henry Hartman's Boondoggle Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #2
Henry Hartman’s Fall Guy Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #3
Miz Scarlet and the Imposing Imposter: A Scarlet Wilson Mystery #1
Miz Scarlet and the Vanishing Visitor: A Scarlet Wilson Mystery #2
Snow White and the Hunter: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #1
Where’s Hansel and Gretel’s Gingerbread House?: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #2
Little Red Riding Hood and the Secret Cookie Recipe: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #3
Let Slip the Dogs of War: A Bard’s Bed & Breakfast Mystery #1
A Plague O’ Both Your Houses: A Bard’s Bed & Breakfast Mystery #2
Run for Your Life, Riley Horton! A Tell No One Mystery #1
What Evil Lurks in Monet’s Pond? A Paint an Impression of Murder Mystery #1
