The Witch Who Cried Wolf

Copyright 2013 Sarah Mäkelä 
Published by Kissa Press LLC at Smashwords


Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Editor: Tessa Shapcott
Cover Artist: The Killion Group

ISBN-10: 0991046919
ISBN-13: 978-0-9910469-1-1
 

Dedication
To my wonderful husband and very own hero.

Chapter One
Mia

Jessa’s New Age shop—Eternally Magick—was empty. Usually, Jessa was around. But, right now, she wasn’t. I leaned against the front counter, resting my forehead against the cool glass. Athames, crystals, jewelry and really cute dragon statues were locked in the case beneath my fingertips. While I enjoyed hanging out at the shop and seeing what new potions were available, I wished Jessa had given me some kind of clue as to why she wanted me here. But she was my best friend and mentor; the reason had to be important, if for nothing else to spend much needed time together. 
I glanced over my shoulder at the wall of ingredients lining the shelves, ripe for the picking. It had been a while since I’d made a new potion. Maybe if I could stock up on a few things...
“Not what you’re here for,” I whispered to myself. The urge to see what she had nearly drove me away from the counter, but I held myself in check.
Making potions was one of my hobbies. I loved the creativity and excitement that went into building something from nothing, and the brief connection with my power. 
Tapping my fingers on the counter, I stared at the curtained-off backroom. Worry crept into my chest. Why wasn’t Jessa here? She never stood me up. This wasn’t like her.
“Jessa?” Usually she came right out when the bells on the door chimed. Biting my lower lip, I considered going into the back. Someone could steal things without her keeping an eye on the store.
“Coming,” Jessa called. The black-haired and blue-eyed beauty swept into the front of the store like a hurricane of flowing skirts. She always looked like she’d just come from a Renaissance faire.
I loved the way she dressed, but I knew that style would never be my thing. My parents would think I’d flipped my lid, and my older brother.... Shudder. Nolan would laugh at me, probably joking with his best friend—and my crush since forever—Ethan Parker.
“Where have you been? I was getting concerned.” Stepping around the counter, I wrapped my arms around her and she embraced me in a hug smelling of lavender and honey.
“Just in the back. I had to wrap up a call and I guess I didn’t hear you come in.” Jessa smiled, but something was up. She appeared a bit too eager to pretend everything was fine. 
“What’s going on? Are you okay?” I placed my hand on her shoulder, trying to be comforting.
The door chimed, and we turned in unison toward the shop’s new arrival. 
I blinked in surprise.
The man towered in the doorway, over six feet of pure muscle. If his shirt were a little tighter, I probably would’ve been able to see six-pack abs through it. What was he doing here?
He strode in as if he owned the place. There could be no doubt: ladies would drop their panties at his command. If I didn’t have a boyfriend.... Stop it, Mia!
“I’m looking for the owner,” the man said, his deep voice as smooth and sinful as his looks. Yet beneath his delicious exterior, something about him put me on edge. The hint of arrogance in his eyes and the sharp flare of power as he walked in the room were instant triggers. This guy wasn’t a mere mortal. He was something else, but I couldn’t put my finger on what. Aside from Jessa, I’d never met anyone else with this level of power.
Maybe I needed to get out more.
Jessa cleared her throat, as captivated by him as I was by the sound of it. “I’m the owner.” Her voice hit all the sultry tones and she swayed her shoulders. “Can I help you?” I wished I could pull her aside and tell her my feelings, but that would look way too awkward. 
“We spoke over the phone. I’m interested in the potion.” He leaned his hip against the counter, standing only a couple feet away. Too close for comfort.
Since Jessa had business to take care of, I sidestepped toward the wall of ingredients, but Jessa grabbed my wrist, keeping me beside her. I cast her a dirty look, but she didn’t pay me any attention, focusing her gaze instead on Mr. Way-Too-Sexy.
“Right, I don’t have any of that in right now, but this woman makes some of the best healing salves I’ve seen.” Jessa nudged me forward, nearly throwing me into Mr. Sexy’s arms.
Glancing up his body to his eyes from so close strained my neck. My five-foot-six frame probably looked tiny beside him. An overwhelming sense of lust and intimidation washed over me. 
“Hi.” I fought against a shiver.
Mr. Sexy’s lips twitched. “The potion? Or...salve? Can you help me, or not?”
I looked behind me, noticing how Jessa was ‘busy’ tidying a few shelves that were perfectly fine. A small smirk tugged at her lips.
“Sure, I can help. What exactly do you need?” Healing potions? This was great, just great. He didn’t even know what he needed, nor did he know the differences between potions, salves or poultices. Not that many people outside of the metaphysical community did, but that wasn’t my fault. Besides, there were plenty of ways to do them. It didn’t help to say healing potion. I knew some concoctions that cured the flu, helped with burns, even helped with migraines.
The man cocked an eyebrow at me as if I was stupid. “A...healing salve. Are you serious? I’ve told you what I need.”
Jessa placed her hand on my shoulder. “What she means is, what does it need to do?” She pursed her lips, running her gaze over the man. “On the phone, you said that someone you know had some kind of...poisoning?”
While I enjoyed making potions and other healing remedies, I couldn’t help but wonder why this guy wasn’t taking his friend to a hospital or doctor instead.
Mr. Sexy scratched the back of his neck, causing his shirt to lift. My gaze skimmed his navel and part of the defined six-pack I’d known was hiding there. Somehow, knowing how hot he was under his shirt calmed my nerves a little. Surely, he was fine.
Maybe it’d just been a long time since I’d met a nice looking guy who wasn’t a jerk, and didn’t just storm off to join the military when I needed him. But...I was so not going to think about Ethan right now.
“Right. Not food poisoning. Lead poisoning.” Something flickered in his eyes. What was he hiding? “My friend was injured when the metal got into his system, so if there’s something you could put in to help with that, too.”
Jessa nodded, a frown tugging at her lips. “We can help. Have you taken him to the hospital?”
Mr. Sexy narrowed his eyes first at her, then he slid his gaze to me. “He’s more into the holistic, alternative approach to medicine. He’s assured me that if this doesn’t work, he’ll go to the doctor.” With another caress of his gaze over my body, he crossed his arms over his chest. “Think you can handle it, princess?”
My jaw dropped. For a moment, I couldn’t believe he was both checking me out and kind of insulting me. “Yeah, I know a recipe. I’ll just get the ingredients and head home. When do you need it by?” That was stupid question. He’d just told me his friend was injured. There wasn’t time for me to mess around. “Sorry, I can drop it back by a little later.”
“Why can’t you do it here and now?” Irritation hardened the set of his jaw.
Jessa jumped in before I could say anything. “While we have the ingredients to make the salve, she would need her supplies.” She waved her hand around the store. “I don’t have everything here. Usually—”
“That’s fine. I’ll be back before the store closes. That’s a couple hours from now, correct?” At Jessa’s nod, Mr. Sexy turned on his heel and was gone before she could say anything, the bells chiming in his wake.
I ran a hand through my hair, staring at the door. Shock radiated through my chest. A man I didn’t know, with an injured friend who he wasn’t forcing to go to the hospital, wanted a potion from me. Too much about this situation was weird. And one person had set this all up.
Jessa widened her eyes. “Don’t look at me. I had no idea it would turn out as it had. Besides, you never really do anything with your magic. I figured you would be happy to explore more of your power. That’s what you want, or else you never would’ve sought me out.” She tapped her chin, mischief sparkling in her eyes. “I’ll share the profits with you, fifty-fifty.”
Sighing, I shook my head. “I want your help with my power, but you threw me under the bus. You didn’t even ask me if I wanted to do this or not! You decided for me.” This day could end whenever it felt like it. My bullshit limit was rapidly approaching.
If things weren’t bad enough, I had a date with Greg tonight, on top of needing to make a healing salve. It would take time to get right. If this guy’s friend really was in bad shape, then I needed the proper blend of herbs and supplies. If I rushed this, I could end up doing more harm than good.
“What? Oh, come on, honey. Don’t be that way. You know I have the best of intentions.” Jessa sounded hurt, and I couldn’t stay mad at my best friend. That would just make the whole situation worse.
“Fine. Your intentions were good, regardless of how it came across. Now help me get the ingredients. Ugh! I’ll have to put this together quick. I’m so glad my date isn’t until late. If Greg had scheduled to pick me up when he gets off work, I’d be majorly screwed.” I opened a jar of lavender, sniffing the relaxing scent, and felt a hundred times better.
Jessa placed a few jars in a tan tote bag with her store’s logo on it. “I can’t believe you’re still seeing him. Doesn’t your brother hate his guts?” She glanced at me, a look of disapproval in her eyes.
“Geez...you as well? Can’t a girl have relationship bliss without even her best friend disapproving? Why does everyone have to second-guess me and my decisions?”
“Honey, it’s not you we’re second-guessing.” She wrapped her arms around me, stroking my back gently. I rested my head on her shoulder. “It’s your choice in men.”
I jerked away, not happy with the direction this was going. “That’s not fair! Everyone has their moments of.... Fine. I’m not thrilled with dating Greg, but I won’t break his heart before Christmas. Besides, I don’t want to be alone for the holidays. Sue me if I’d rather be in a lame relationship with a pushy guy, than with no one at all!” I tugged a jar of wolf’s bane off the shelf and dropped it in the tote bag. “If you all have such a problem with me dating him, then why can’t I do the deed after the New Year? It could be a resolution.”
Jessa opened her mouth to give me a piece of her mind, but my cell phone chimed a melodic dubstep tune. “I’ll ring this up.”
Nodding, I mouthed a thank you. “Hey, Greg.”
“Sis, if you ever call me that again, we’re going to throw down, and you know I’d never hit a girl.” Nolan’s tone was playful, but his voice resonated with a clear underlying anger at the mention of my boyfriend.
“Sorry, Nolan.” Hearing my brother’s name, Jessa glanced in my direction, and I walked a little farther away from the counter. “What do you want?”
“Huh, why do you ask like that?” Mischief saturated his words, and I wished I hadn’t answered the phone. Nolan was a great brother. However, behavior-wise, most people usually thought I was the older sibling instead of visa versa. Wonder why.
“Now isn’t—”
“Ethan is arriving home tomorrow. I have to work late, so you don’t mind picking him up from the airport, do you?”
I sucked in a breath, surprised he was even asking me this. Should I turn him down? Make him find someone else to handle this?
“Great. I’ll text you the flight info. Thanks, sis.”
“Nolan!” His words punched me in the gut. “Nolan?” Looking at the cell phone, I gritted my teeth, seeing he’d taken the coward’s way by hanging up once he had what he wanted. When was I ever going to learn?
“Honey? What’s wrong?” Concern softened Jessa’s voice.
I shrugged, not wanting to get into this. 
“No, you can talk to me. What did your brother do this time?”
I headed to the register, closing the space between us. “It’s just that I have so much going on, but Nolan has delegated to me the responsibility of picking Ethan up from the airport tomorrow. If I were him, I would have at least tried to get off work, especially since he’s known about Ethan coming back home for the holidays.” Letting out a sigh, I grabbed the tote bag’s handle, but Jessa held onto it.
“Call him back. Tell him you can’t.” She smiled at me. “Besides, Ethan is his best friend, so he should grow some balls and deal with it himself.”
“I’ll do that.” Jessa’s smile turned into a glare, and I threw up my hands. “I’ll do that right now then.” Digging into my pocket, I pulled out my phone and rang Nolan. The chime of a text came through in my ear. Ethan’s flight details. But I only managed to get through to Nolan’s voicemail. “He’s not answering. Grrr....”
Jessa shrugged. “If that’s the case, you’ll have to let it go. It’s Nolan’s problem. While you love your brother, you can’t let yourself get caught up in his faults. Learn to say no.”
Easy for her to say now, when she’d basically done the exact same thing to me by telling me to come visit her shop and then nearly forcing me into Mr. Way-Too-Sexy’s arms.
“Great advice. I’ll have to remember that next time something gets shoved down my throat.” Pushing the tote’s strap onto my shoulder, I squeezed my hands into fists. “Sorry. I know you meant well. You’re my friend and mentor. You want me to use my magic. Nolan, on the other hand, is just being lazy.”
While she looked a little hurt, she grimaced. Shame slumped forward her shoulders. “Chin up. It’s going to be okay. Especially if you were to dump—”
“Jessa!” Weren’t people supposed to chill once I got out of college instead of being so...pushy? Argh! They didn’t have any right to push their agendas into my decision making.

* * *

Most of my supplies were rather dusty. It’d been a while since I’d made a salve, even though Jessa probably imagined that I made them every other day. I wish. If I’d had somewhere other than the house my grandparents had left me, maybe I would have. But without that other option, I preferred this place maintained its pleasant scent. Some of the potions I’d concocted smelled downright awful.
After wiping down everything, I put my dried herbs and infused herb oil into a saucepan to simmer. Being in the kitchen and working on the salve freed my mind. The worries of the day no longer plagued me as much. 
The lovely scent of herbs wafted through the kitchen. If I needed to make one batch for Mr. Sexy, I might as well double the ingredients to make some for my own uses. It never hurt to have this stuff on hand.
The rattling of a hamster wheel drew my attention to Pat. The pet store hadn’t been sure whether he was a boy or girl, so I’d opted for an androgynous name. I thought of him as a boy, but I couldn’t tell with his long hair. Besides, the one time I had held him, he bit my finger. We kept a comfortable distance now, except for when I needed to clean the cage.
Since I was a witch, I guess that made Pat my hamster familiar. I smirked, shaking my head.
The herbs would need to sit for half an hour before I could do anything else. A mischievous thought snuck into my head. Huh, since Ethan would be back in town, I could make a love potion. He could be on his knees declaring his love and devotion while I basked in satisfaction and victory. Maybe that wasn’t such a good idea. Knowing Jessa, she might encourage me to do it, but I wasn’t about to risk my already shaky, non-existent relationship with Ethan.
The more I tried to shove the thought out of my mind, the more alluring making the love potion became. It had been a while since I’d created one. Besides, I didn’t have to use it. I could sell it to Jessa for the store, or keep it aside in case Greg became too much of a jerk this holiday season. Maybe if he showed me a little more love, he’d act better. Then again, that might make him worse. 
Magic could react unpredictably. The saying, Be careful what you wish for, strongly applied here.
I could work on two things at once. The love potion would be easier. It only required a few ingredients, an incantation, and focusing my energy. The healing salve made me more nervous. More things could go wrong. If the love potion didn’t turn out right, the person might be a jerk or not fall for it. If the healing salve went wrong, it could—
La, la, la.... Not thinking that way. I mixed the melted beeswax into saucepan with the herbs and oil, forcing my power into the patch to try to heighten the healing potency. Then I removed it from the heat and strained it through cheesecloth into jars. 
With the salve nearly done, I turned my attention to the love potion. Taking a few deep breaths, I cleared my mind of the stress I’d felt crafting the healing salve and everything else that had gone on today. The idea of seeing Ethan tomorrow frazzled me, but instead of letting it do that, I imagined what it’d be like to have a real relationship with him. When he was with my brother, he laughed and joked around. His eyes sparkled, and his face lit up. They were more like siblings than Nolan and I, and we were blood.
Clenching my fists, I forced the negativity away. Stop it. Calm down and breathe.
Taking another deep breath of the delightful herbs, I blew it out, redirecting my thoughts again to Ethan. He was the last person I should be thinking about when doing a love potion.
I lit a pink candle made of beeswax, then set about mixing sultry herbs and spices. Cinnamon, rosemary, lavender, cloves. I chanted the incantation I’d found in my grandmother’s grimoire. Within moments, the love potion was ready. I just needed to pour it into a jar, then I’d be done. 
Glancing at the clock, I grinned. This hadn’t taken quite as long as I’d thought, and my kitchen smelled amazing. Maybe Jessa was right. I should flex my magical prowess more often.
I set the healing salves to one side, the jars still too warm for a lid. The pot in my hand, I carefully carried it over to the final waiting jar for the love potion. My doorbell chiming made me jerk, and a splash of the love potion landed in one of the salves.
I blinked at the mess. 
Oh, my goodness. This was horrible. Now I couldn’t sell it to Jessa even if I wanted to, which I didn’t. But what if I used my own potion and fell in love with someone? Though it wasn’t like I’d be taking it in close proximity to someone else. If I was injured, I’d be holing up, not out on the town.
However, who the heck was at the door? No one should be here right now. If they found out I was a witch making potions in my kitchen. Greg...oh no. That bastard couldn’t be here.
I poured the love potion into the waiting jar. Whoever it was would wait until I could hide everything. However, the doorbell didn’t ring again. With the potion and salves tucked away in the cupboard, I cracked open the door. No one was there.
On the porch, a dozen roses sat in a vase, and the rumbling of an engine drew my attention to a We Do Flowers van driving away. Greg. Had to be. No one else would be this extravagant, and yet part of me couldn’t care less about receiving a dozen roses. What I wanted was affection and someone to care about me, not someone always going out of their way to impress me.
Maybe I should just be grateful. This Christmas season was my first with a boyfriend in my life. I picked up the vase, sniffing the fragrant flowers. If these had only arrived a little sooner, I could’ve used some of the rose petals for the love potion. I shook my head. That would be wrong on so many levels.
My cell phone’s alarm buzzed, and I set the roses on the kitchen counter. If I wanted to be at Jessa’s shop on time, I’d need to get going.
The note from the roses dropped onto the counter.
Babe,
Something came up at the office. I’ll be here later than expected. Let’s reschedule for tomorrow.
Greg
Disappointment fluttered in my stomach, but maybe this was just as well. It wasn’t like I needed more on my plate right now. But what if this was the beginning of our relationship’s downward spiral? Something came up at the office? That had to be the ultimate I’m-having-an-affair excuse. At least, it was in the movies.
I grabbed the non-contaminated healing salve, tightened the lid on it, and headed to Jessa’s shop. When I got there, Jessa was leaning against the counter, her perky boobs on display for Mr. Sexy as she talked with him. “Here she is now,” Jessa said, her gaze sliding over Mr. Sexy’s chest, as he turned his attention to me.
I smiled and held up a paper bag. “Here’s the healing salve. I wrote out some instructions to go with it. They’re in the bag. I hope your friend feels better soon. If he isn’t improving within a day or so, you should talk him into going to the doctor.”
Mr. Sexy nodded, but he didn’t answer. Instead, he peeked into the bag and cocked an eyebrow. “That’s all of it?”
I opened my mouth to say something, but Jessa beat me to it. Yet again. If she’d wanted to be the star of the show, she should’ve made the salve.
“With salves, you rub it on the wound and it acts as a protective layer. Your friend leaves it on, and it works its...magic, if you will.” She glanced between him and me. Jessa had too much fun playing the role of the sexy witch out in the open, but I didn’t really like that idea. If people knew our powers weren’t fake, what would they do to us? Would there be a modern day Salem Witch Trials, like in ye olden times?
A shiver raced through me, and I turned my attention away from the man staring straight at me, curiosity burning in his gaze.
“Got it. I’ll show him the instructions and tell him what you said. Can I have your number, in case he has any questions?” Mr. Sexy flashed me his winning smile. There was no doubt in my mind that he wanted my number, not Jessa’s, or Eternally Magick’s since he had to know what that was. Besides, a quick Google search could find it.
“Just call the shop, but I’m sure everything will be fine.” I waved at Jessa. “Gotta go. I’ll see you later.”
Mr. Sexy caught my wrist and pulled me toward him. It took everything inside me not to react. “You sure I can’t have your number?”
My jaw dropped open, and I sputtered, unable to form any words. Being this close to him set my body on fine. Power radiated down my arm from his touch, caressing my body. I groaned, unable to resist his musky wild masculinity.
The look of hurt in Jessa’s eyes snapped me back to reality.
“I have a boyfriend. Sorry.” Jerking free from his grip, I ran outside without looking back, afraid of what I’d see.


Chapter Two
Mia

Nolan hadn’t answered his phone when I’d tried him. Tapping my foot to the upbeat Christmas music playing in the airport bookstore nearby, I waited, rather impatiently, for Ethan to come out of the airport’s arrivals area. 
My rather inconsiderate older brother, Nolan, had dumped this errand on me at the last minute, heedless of my own schedule. I’d done a lot of job hunting today, and I still had my date with Greg to get ready for. 
Should I ask why Greg had rescheduled the date? What had come up at the office? Maybe I didn’t want to know.
I’d begrudgingly let Nolan off the hook for two reasons. One, Ethan was my childhood crush, whom I hadn’t seen for a long time due to his deployment. The last time had been shortly before he’d gone away. I’d come home to find him at my parents’ house, having lunch with them and Nolan. The image of him sitting there, his gaze raking over me, while his olive green t-shirt stretched thin over his muscular chest and arms, was almost too much to bear.
I chewed my lower lip, remembering the cold shower I’d taken immediately upon going to my room. Maybe picking him up at the airport wasn’t such a good idea. 
However, that led to the second reason. If I didn’t pick him up, he’d have to take a taxi, and I wouldn’t be responsible for his holidays starting off crappily. He had more to deal with than my raging hormones. Unfortunately, aside from that one look, he remained oblivious to my existence.
The explanation of how my entire childhood had been.
I balled my hands into fists. Magic rose from within me, stinging my palms. If I didn’t cool my jets, I could be exposed for having abilities to those around me. What would be even worse than having humans recognize my powers, would be if another magically inclined person did. I preferred to keep my abilities as much a secret as possible.
The bookstore now switched to a more sensual Christmas song: Santa Baby, with its sultry lyrics. I checked the time on my cell phone. Grrr.... He should’ve been out by now. How much longer did I have to wait?
The idea of making my escape before it was too late taunted me. While I was a morally responsible, good girl, who would feel bad about him taking a taxi, I wouldn’t be that torn up over it.
When I looked back at the security exit, Ethan was slowly making his way toward me. Confusion knit his brows together. My heart skipped a beat, and I wrestled for control with my familiar attraction for him. He’d changed, even in the nearly twelve months since he’d been overseas, or maybe it was just my imagination. Broad muscular shoulders filled out his Army uniform, and he was taller than I remembered.
“What are you doing here?” He gripped the strap of his backpack a little tighter. His gaze drifted around us, as if expecting someone else to come running up any time now.
Disappointment ached in my chest, and I lowered my gaze. Who knew what other looks he’d give to make me that much more self-conscious about my unwanted presence. 
Maybe I’d expected more. Thanks for being here, Mia. You look great. Something more than what I got. Perhaps I needed to get past my naïveté when it came to him. He couldn’t care less about me. Maybe he had some girlfriend who was busy, so he’d asked Nolan to pick him up, who had delegated the job to me. But I’d never heard of Ethan being in a relationship, and my parents were always talking about him. “I’m your ride. Nolan couldn’t make it.” I turned away from him, rolling my eyes, as I added, “His boss wouldn’t let him off from work, so he asked me.”
Behind me, Ethan sighed. “I don’t know why I expected more from him.”
I bit my lower lip, fully able to commiserate with him on that, yet all the while waiting for some kind of thank you...but still it didn’t happen. 
Whatever. Next time I should screen my calls from Nolan better. If only I hadn’t been waiting for a phone call from Greg and had picked up without looking, I wouldn’t be in this mess right now. I’d be home. 
The silent walk to the parking garage unnerved me. It made me wish I were the type of witch who used potions on unsuspecting people named Ethan. At this point, that love potion might be interesting, if only for the sadistic pleasure of seeing him actually interact with me, instead of keeping such a distance from me that most people might think we weren’t together but just walking in the same direction. But I wouldn’t do that. At least I did have someone else interested in me. Was I thrilled about my relationship as much Greg was? No. But I didn’t have it in my heart to break his before Christmas.
I focused so much on my thoughts that I wasn’t paying attention to my surroundings. Mistake number one. However, something really was not right. Perhaps I was overreacting. That had to be it. Why would anyone come after me at the airport? Lunacy. I hadn’t done anything to anyone. However, I opened my third eye, letting my senses drift over my surroundings to pinpoint the disturbance.
The steady tap of Ethan’s boots beside me was the only sound I heard, but—there! The energy in the open garage spiked. That was it. I twisted toward the source to see who was there, but the next thing I knew, I was sailing through the air. My body smacked against the side of a car. Pain exploded in the back of my head, and I crumpled to the ground beside the vehicle, lying on the concrete. Breathing had just become a lot harder.
Groaning, I focused on pulling air into my lungs. A sharp ache clenched the muscles of my back, and a small part of me wondered if something was broken, though if that were true, I wouldn’t be able to feel my legs. Right? At least that’s what I told myself.
Ethan rushed to my side, dropping his backpack next to me as he scanned the parking garage. “Mia, are you okay?” His gaze rested on me, concern wrinkling the corners of his eyes.
The jury was still out on that, but I wouldn’t shrivel under his attention. “Just sore. Be careful. He is still here.” 
“Who is? Do you know what’s going on? Tell me.” The commanding tone of his voice nearly made me spill my guts—which wasn’t much—but no, I wouldn’t do that. He couldn’t know about the supernatural side of my life. That would only complicate things for both him and me. 
If he knew I was a real witch, I’d never be able to face him or my family again. My brother only thought I was one of those Wiccans, who were into the lifestyle so they could run around in hooded cloaks through the forest.
Disregarding his questions, I climbed to my feet and chanted under my breath, priming my magic to stop the next attack. If I could….I hadn’t seen my attacker. I probably knew as much about what was going on as Ethan did.
“You shouldn’t be getting up.” He grabbed my arm, but I shook him off, needing my full concentration on the spell.
Behind me, the barest of noises had me spinning around. I tossed a fireball from my palm that smashed into the chest of a huge grey wolf. He flew off course, leaping over my head and slamming into Ethan. 
“No! Ethan!” I swung around to face them. This was so much worse than I’d imagined.
Werewolves were powerful, horrible creatures. So violent. So dangerous.... And weren’t they supposed to be the thing of fiction and movies?
Ethan shouted in pain. The wolf blocked my vision of him. I shot a second, rather miniscule fireball at the wolf, hitting it in the backside. The mangy mutt whirled on me with its upper lip curled back, showing sharp pointed teeth. My spells were doing nothing. 
This was what I got for allowing my magic to get so far out of use. Then again, when did I really have a chance to go casting fireballs in my home? The last thing I needed was to burn the place down. 
Geez...I was damned if I did, damned if I didn’t. 
The places where I’d hit the werewolf with the fire spells only created small charred spots in its fur and left behind the faint scent of burnt hair. Then again, my concentration was shit at the moment. If I didn’t pull myself together soon, I’d curse both Ethan and me to our deaths. Not something I wanted on my head.
I whispered a protection incantation under my breath, desperately trying to work up its strength. The more I tried, the more my tongue tripped over the words.
The werewolf sprang toward me and I dodged out of the way, channeling my inner bullfighter. I upped my energy, shutting out all distractions, and focused on growing the spell, even though I needed to know if Ethan was okay. Fire stung my palms and hot wind blew my hair into my face. Fire shielded my hands like boxing gloves and I screamed in agony.
The werewolf skidded to a stop a few yards from me, then hurled itself on top of me at the very last minute, trying to catch me off guard.
I threw my last ounce of strength into the fire and punched it with my burning fists. The werewolf slammed me to the ground, knocking my head against the cement. I only hoped Ethan would make it out of this alive, since I didn’t have high hopes for myself. 
The furry beast reared back its head and snarled, baring its long, sharp and deadly fangs. It lunged for my throat, but before I could let out more than a whimper, a heavy combat boot swung past my face and into the beast’s muzzle. The wolf flew off me.
Surprise hit me in the chest and I wondered what had happened. The combat boot in question rested near my shoulder, and I drew my gaze up the powerful leg to Ethan’s concerned face.
Ethan.
Blood dripped down his torso, and my eyes widened. No, no, no.... This couldn’t be happening. He couldn’t be drawn into all of this. If I got him back to my home, I might be able to put the healing salve on his wound and maybe stop him from going down the path fate had pushed him towards. If he became a werewolf, his future would irrevocably be changed. He’d be lost to me. I couldn’t allow that, because while he didn’t share my feelings, he was almost family.
“We need to get out of here, Mia. Are you okay?” He grabbed me by the arms and hauled me to my feet. Our eyes met and he stared into my gaze with a no nonsense look. “I want answers.”
The growling werewolf held his ground. So while Ethan wanted answers, they’d have to wait.
Children laughed near the elevators. For whatever reason, the werewolf took off, running in the opposite direction. Within seconds, it was gone.
My knees shook, and I nearly lost my balance; only Ethan’s grip kept me standing. Fear eased from my chest, but now I knew that a werewolf was after me. At least, it appeared to be that way. It’d only lunged at Ethan because I’d thrown it off its trajectory. What could I have possibly done to deserve this?
How far would they go to get to me? Would I be able to keep my friends and family safe? Nausea roiled in my stomach, and I tore away from Ethan and ran between a couple cars to vomit in privacy.
The less I was around my family, the less chance I’d give the werewolves to spot my family and friends. If they didn’t know where they were, they couldn’t kill them. I didn’t know what to do with this mess.
“You don’t seem fine. Let’s get out of here. We shouldn’t go to your parents, in case it follows us.” I walked back to Ethan on wobbly legs, and he closed the distance between us and wrapped his arm around my waist. “Let’s get you to the car.”
By the time we reached the car, my strength had returned. I needed to get us back to my place, but he had a point...what if the werewolf followed us to wherever we went? Where could we go that would be safe?
“I’ll drive. Don’t worry. I know a place we can go. Now tell me, what that was and why did it attack you?” he asked, leaning in to the car and buckling my seatbelt, even though I was perfectly capable of doing it myself.
I frowned at him. Minutes ago, when I’d been there to greet him, he’d barely said two words to me, none of which had shown too much thought or care. Now I was being overloaded with questions, and he was doing attentive things like fastening my seatbelt for me.
“Don’t give me that look.” He narrowed his eyes at me. “I’ve known you a long time. I won’t sit back and pretend everything’s okay. If I’m going to help you out of whatever mess you’ve gotten yourself into, then you need to talk to me.” He stood there, his face inches from mine, his hand still on the buckle of my seatbelt that was so close to my hip. His lips were near enough that I only had to move forward for our mouths to touch. 
I wanted to. God, I wanted to. But this was the worst time to do anything like that...right? He was pissed, and I didn’t want to feel even worse than I already did about this situation.
“Please, Ethan. I’ll tell you on the way. Let’s just leave.” I shivered, not exactly from the cold either. Although as it was a December evening, it wasn’t sunny and bright outside, and we had been in the open parking garage for a while now. 
Besides, the pain in my body was growing worse, and if I didn’t use some of the healing salve, I’d be feeling a whole helluva lot worse tomorrow. I would have to cancel my job interview. An interview that’d likely prove as fruitless as all the rest I’d been on recently. If I’d known getting a job after college would be this tough.... Ugh.
“Damn. You’re right.” He pulled back, his hand brushing my thigh. The second it did, he froze. His gaze met mine, and a spark of something I couldn’t place burned in his eyes. “Sorry.” Just like that, the moment was gone, and I wasn’t sure what I’d seen.
Chapter Three
Ethan

I threw my bag in the backseat of Mia’s pristine car. Why the hell couldn’t Nolan just have requested time off, instead of having his little sister pick me up? Once I got to my apartment, I’d be giving him a piece of my mind. Whether he liked what I had to say or not.
However, it did bring to the surface some things. Things I wasn’t quite sure I knew how to comprehend. Why had the big dog, which had looked suspiciously like a wolf, decided to attack us in the airport’s parking garage? 
Mia was in some kind of trouble. She was very careful not to explain to me about anything that had gone on. Besides, where had the fire come from? How did she do that?
This was the exact opposite of how I’d imagined my return from deployment would be. Aside from seeing Mia. But she was off limits. Chasing after my best friend’s little sister was wrong on so many levels. I had a moral code to follow, even if she’d grown into a body that took my breath away. 
Our moment in the car had been a little too close, but I hadn’t wanted her to mistake my reaction for something creepy. The space between us had tempted me. I’d wanted to close the distance and taste her lips, but I’d needed just to back the fuck off her.
I rested my forehead against the top of the car, taking a deep breath before I climbed into the driver’s seat. “Talk. If you’re not spilling by the time we leave the garage, I’m doing as I said.” I threw the car in reverse, backing out of the spot, then we headed down to the first floor of the garage toward the exit. “Do you understand me, Mia? I’ll take you home and leave.” Even in my heart, I knew I didn’t want to do that. Protecting her from harm was important. I wouldn’t stand back while she was in danger.
She nodded, keeping her gaze on her lap. Her denim skirt revealed long, milky white legs. “I...I don’t know where to start.” She tugged at the skirt’s hem, before smoothing it out again.
“What was that thing that attacked us? Why would some dog or wolf want to attack you? The animal seemed smarter than one you’d find in a zoo. What the hell is going on?” Anger surged in me, but more from helplessness than frustration with her. Why wasn’t she talking?
Mia jerked and slid lower in her seat. “It was a.... I don’t know how to say this.”
I turned the corner, getting closer to the exit. “Just say it.”
“Werewolf! That was a werewolf.” Her voice shook, and she clenched her hands into fists, keeping them on her thighs.
“What the hell? Are you on drugs? There are no such things as werewolves or vampires.” I muttered under my breath, not wanting to believe her. “You always did have an active imagination as a kid.” However, it didn’t explain the fire.
“I’m trying to be truthful, even though it goes against my very being, since it’s not a good idea for you or anyone else to know about the supernatural community that resides all around you. You’re just going to get yourself hurt. More than you already have, at least.” Mia’s breath came out in gasps. “Please. Don’t press me, Ethan.”
While I knew Mia wasn’t one to lie, I couldn’t believe what she was saying, even though there’d been a wolf. Although, maybe it had been a dog with rabies. Weird things happened all the time. Maybe we were both delusional. I should’ve thought about the hospital sooner. Maybe she’d hit her head against the car a little too hard. That had to be it. Besides, she was getting pretty emotional and I hated seeing her cry.
“Don’t worry about me getting hurt. I’m more worried about your safety right now.” I glanced over at her, before turning my eyes back to the road in front of me. While I wanted to drop it, I did have several more questions. Questions I didn’t want to wait for her to answer.
The fire and scent of burning hair had been real. She’d been chanting and doing something. What exactly had she been doing? How did it fit in with everything else? While I wanted to ask, what would she say? 
With her this upset, it was better to wait until she had calmed down. If what I’d seen had been real, I didn’t want to piss her off. If I did, she might start throwing fire at me. I shook my head, not wanting to think more about it. 
The thought of taking her to the hospital to get checked out could’ve been good, but there might be too many questions asked. If there were such things as werewolves...what would that make her? A witch?
Frowning, I pulled to a stop, waiting for the traffic to clear on the road. A few cars zoomed past. Well over the speed limit, from what I’d guess. When the coast was clear, I pulled onto the main road. “What are you?”
She started violently coughing. “Wh...what do you mean?”
A sinking feeling weighed on my chest. “I’m pretty sure I saw more than just the wolf attack us. What did you do to it? What are you?”
Mia shook her head, leaning more and more away from me, her fingers gripped the door. This didn’t look good. When I pulled to a halt at the next stoplight, she lunged for the door handle, but I grabbed her wrist.
“Let go of the door, damn it. Talk to me.” I tried not to squeeze her wrist too hard. I didn’t want to hurt her, but the ferocity of her wriggling made me grip her tight. “Mia, damn it. We’ve known each other for years. Calm down and talk to me.” Hitting the button, I engaged the doors’ locks, trying my best to keep her in the car.
“Please, let me go, Ethan.” She tried to pry my fingers off her wrist, but she didn’t have much luck. I was strong; I had to be to fight the nation’s enemies overseas. “Stop it.” Her gaze flicked from my hand to the door again.
No way would I be letting her go, not when she’d made it clear that she’d jump from the car. I didn’t want to hurt her. But I needed to make sure she didn’t hurt herself either.
“Stop squirming. I will not release you if I’m not confident that you won’t open that fucking door. You can either settle down, or I’ll have to tie you up and throw you in the backseat.” She didn’t need to know that I didn’t have rope.
Mia met my eyes for the first time since I’d started driving. Her eyes widened in fear and her lips parted, the tip of her pink tongue swept over her lower lip. The thought of crushing my mouth against hers filled my mind. Pressing my body on hers as she lay beneath me, her hands bound and her body wet and ready. Behind me, a car honked, and I looked up to see the light had turned green.
Damn it. If I didn’t watch myself, I’d be in for a cold shower when I got home.
Shifting in the seat, I tried to adjust my swollen cock, which was pressed tight against my uniform, without drawing too much attention to what I was doing. Fucking hell. This woman was going to drive me crazy before the holidays were over.
She leaned back in the seat, sitting incredibly still, her wrist limp in my grasp.
After a few minutes, I glanced over at her, making sure she wasn’t getting into mischief. Instead, she was just staring out of the passenger window. She chewed on her glossy pink lower lip and shook her head. Her breasts rose and fell with her breathing, and she leaned back against the headrest.
I turned onto the main road near where we grew up, where the high school we’d graduated from was situated. “What’s wrong?”
“Take us to my house. Please,” she said, her tone resolved if not a little sad. “I’ll look at your wound...and...and I’ll try to talk to you. Just please listen to me. Don’t assume I’m trying to pull anything. I’m not thrilled about opening up about this. It’s hard for me.”
Mia had never been very outspoken before, but she was a confident woman who rarely faltered and always seemed put together. However, right now, she wore vulnerability like a cloak and I wanted to strip it away.
Instead of turning onto my street, I made my way to her house. I’d only been there once when she’d moved in. Nolan and I had done most of the work when it came to unloading her moving truck, while she and her mother had started unpacking. Her father had back problems, so he’d only moved lighter things to do his part.
I’d had no reason to go back there, since we didn’t hang out much, aside from the occasional dinner with her and her parents. I wouldn’t have minded being with her more. However, I’d had no reason to be. But seeing her again after being overseas...there had been so many times when I’d thought of her. My parents were dead. I had no siblings, so her family was my family now. Nolan was more like a brother to me than a friend.
I kept my grip on her wrist, even though she’d stopped fighting. I’d let go when we pulled into her driveway, but how could I be sure she wouldn’t bolt from the car. However, I was a pretty fast runner, so I didn’t doubt my ability to catch her if she tried to escape and lock the door on me. Besides, she said she’d talk to me and look at my wound, which was hurting worse by the minute. I’d known her for years, and if she said she would talk, then she would. Besides, I wasn’t the type of guy to use force when it came to a girl; especially not this girl.
Looking at her darkened house, I almost wished we’d stopped by my place instead. At least then I’d be able to have a weapon to protect us from whoever...or whatever...hunted her. Blowing out a breath, I turned to Mia. “Don’t move. If you move toward the door, I’ll pull out of this driveway and go back to my place, then you’ll have to talk to Nolan about what’s going on as well.” I knew that was a horrible idea. Getting Nolan involved in this wasn’t safe. However, if it was between scaring her into a cooperative mood, or not doing that, then I would make sure she didn’t go off and do anything stupid.
“No, you can’t involve my brother. That’s too dangerous. You know that.” Mia jerked in my grip, pulling at her wrist with every intention of breaking free, but I had a firm grip. There was no way she would be budging from that car, not unless I wanted her to...or if she threw a fireball at me. I hoped she wouldn’t resort to that, but if she did, I’d have no choice but let her go off and do whatever the hell she was going to do.
I only hoped she’d accept my assistance. “Help me help you. If you keep struggling, I’ll have to drag you through the car from the passenger seat. Your neighbors will get quite a show,” I said, nodding at an older woman peeking through the blinds. “But we don’t want to draw attention, do we?”
Mia widened her eyes. She followed my gaze to the neighbor and shot the woman a look. Her demeanor immediately changed from rebellious to calm...er...albeit still hostile. “Fine. I’ll play nice. Don’t involve my brother, and don’t you dare drag me through the car.” Her lips thinned into a severe frown.
“Deal. Stay in the car. I’ll open your door for you.” I started to climb out, but I paused to give her a backward glance. “Don’t move.”
She didn’t respond, just stayed still, staring straight in front of her.
I grabbed my bag from the back seat, even though the pain of the attack still gnawed at me. Standing on my feet was harder than I’d anticipated. If I didn’t get attention soon, I might pass out. However, if anything, I needed to stop the trickling blood leaving an ever-growing stain on my uniform.
Chapter Four
Mia

This evening was getting worse and worse. I hated being treated like this. I was a woman, a witch fully capable in taking care of myself...aside from my magic flaking out on me so badly when I’d needed it the most. As much as I hated to admit it, Ethan had saved my life. 
Helplessness clawed at my throat, but I pushed the painful emotion aside. Usually I wasn’t this much of a weakling, so why did I feel that way? Ugh...The next time I spoke with Nolan, I’d be giving him a piece of my mind. Ethan was his best friend. My brother should’ve been there for him. It was ridiculous that he hadn’t.
If it weren’t for Nolan, I wouldn’t be in this position, where the man whom I’d adored was now second-guessing me. He suspected what I was! And he thought I needed to be protected. The idea of him watching over me wasn’t distasteful. The spark between us for that moment had made me forget about everything except the close proximity of our lips. 
Geez...get yourself together, girl.
The car door opened, startling me for a moment. Ethan stepped aside, giving me a little space to get out but not much. He might as well have put handcuffs on me, the way he acted. If he got Nolan in on this, I’d never talk to him again. Ever. 
Besides, if I had werewolves after me, it’d be better for me to leave. Even if I hated the idea of leaving behind my family and those I held dear.
The old woman who lived next door kept blatantly watching us. She needed to learn how to mind her own business. I cringed to think of what we looked like. The last thing we needed was for her to call the police. 
Ethan placed his hand on the small of my back, leading me forward toward the door. His touch lit a fire inside me. I wanted to melt into his arms, but I’d heard his cries of pain when we’d faced the werewolf. Pissed off or not, I still needed to help him as best I could. 
I unlocked the door, but Ethan nudged me aside. “Let me go in first. I’ll make sure it’s safe,” he said, his deep command not giving me much choice.
“You don’t have anything to defend yourself with.” Worry clenched my throat. He was right. What if there was a werewolf in my home? I’d hate to see Ethan get hurt worse than he already was.
He cut his gaze to me. “I’m a soldier. I’ll be fine.” As if it weren’t that obvious. Without another word, he headed inside my dark home. 
Another thirty seconds passed, and I couldn’t stay outside anymore. Staring out into the night, I wondered if Ethan was safe—or if I was, for that matter. What if he needed my help? What if the werewolves were outside, instead of in? I’d be caught off guard and without his help. Argh.... Better to stick together, regardless.
I peeked inside and spotted him heading upstairs. Man, oh, man...if he looked in my room. I hadn’t had time to fold my clean laundry yet. He’d see my bras and panties. I scurried inside, closing and locking the door behind me. If he’d finished looking through the downstairs, at least I knew things were safe down here.
I hurried up the stairs, hoping to cut him off before he went into my bedroom. When I hit the top of the staircase, the door to my room was open. Oh no...I stuck my head around the corner at the same time Ethan was walking out.
He grabbed me by the shoulders and pushed me against the opposite wall, before realizing it was only me. I stared up at him, amazed by his reflexes and their closeness. Before I could stop myself, I reached up, brushing my hand over his chiseled jaw.
His demeanor shifted from strong and tough, to softer and more sensual. “Mia, what are you doing here? I told you to wait outside.”
I lowered my gaze, not wanting to see his disappointment, and to my horror, I saw the claw marks in Ethan’s uniform and the blood soaking the cloth. Oh, God. What had I been doing? He needed help. Fast.
“I couldn’t wait outside. Not if you were in here all by yourself with who knows what. Besides, I need to help you. You should’ve told me you were bleeding this much.” Tears formed in my eyes and it took all I could to hold them back.
He lifted my chin, forcing me to meet his gaze. “I’ll be fine. Just please stay here. I want to finish checking out the house before we get too comfortable.” He straightened his spine a little but stopped, a wince tightening his facial features.
I hated seeing him in pain. Hated it. “Just hurry. I don’t want you to suffer anymore.” 
“I will. I promise.” He strode down the hall. His footfalls were silent, even though he was a big, muscular man in combat boots.
I leaned back against the wall. My pulse raced in at the sight of him, so sexy...so confident. No wonder he’d gotten as many promotions as he had. He was the epitome of the tough, deadly male.
This had been the most we’d talked in our many years of knowing each other, and I wondered for a moment if that would all change once he walked out the door. Would he spend the rest of his holidays with Nolan, or doing whatever he’d planned to do?
However, if he did...what would happen to me? I still didn’t have a clue why that werewolf was after me. 
No! Don’t get caught up in Ethan. 
Hopefully the werewolves didn’t know more about me, like where my loved ones lived. If they did, I’d be forced to use whatever meager power I had against them, and that wasn’t overly much, from the looks of it. 
If I had any chance of surviving, I needed to make sure my powers were at their full capacity, and that meant visiting my mentor, Jessa. My dream was running a shop like that, but it’d be much too dangerous. It might cause people to look too closely at me, and I tried to avoid that. Apparently for good reason, too.
Casting a glance down the hall, I sighed at the sight of Ethan closing the door to my guest bedroom. He headed in my direction, but now he pressed one hand tight against his side. Pain radiated from him like a dark light. 
I closed the distance between us. “Everything’s fine?”
He nodded.
“Let’s get you to the bathroom.” I opened the door to the restroom, flipped on the lights, then retrieved a few towels from the linen closet. When I turned around, Ethan stood in the doorway. The bathroom was too small for him to slide by me and sit on the toilet lid, and we’d have to brush against each other. I didn’t mind, but he didn’t seem too eager.
Hurt crept into my heart, but I had to push it aside. This didn’t change anything. I couldn’t expect him to be my hero and me his damsel in distress. I wasn’t a damsel who he needed to save. He put his life on the line for a living. I wouldn’t blame him if he wanted to take a break from that kind of thing, now that he was home.
It was just as well. He didn’t need to be caught up in my problems. Once he left, I’d work on fixing them. It would be better that way. I could concentrate on what I needed to do without my raging libido distracting me.
When Ethan made no effort to move into the bathroom, I frowned. “Sit on the toilet lid? Please?”
His gaze drifted from me to the toilet right behind me. “You’re kinda in the way.”
Pinching the bridge of my nose, I walked toward the doorway. Fine. If he wanted to do this, then I’d play along. I was only trying to be helpful, but he was acting as if I had the bubonic plague.
He moved aside, then walked into the bathroom. He took a seat on the commode and watched me with his stunning blue eyes. My heart leapt at the intensity of his gaze. He never failed to send the butterflies in my stomach fluttering.
“Now?” he asked.
“Now if you could take off the remainder of your shirt, I’d appreciate it. I’m going to get...uh, my first aid kit.” Geez...what would he think about me putting the salve on his naked chest? Would he reject my help because I was a witch?
I only hoped he was more understanding than that.
He cocked an eyebrow at me. “Why isn’t your first aid kit in the bathroom?”
“Um...it’s,” I tugged my lower lip between my teeth, trying to figure out how to say it, “different than a normal first aid kit.” With that, I darted down the hall before he could ask more questions that I didn’t want to answer.
“Fine,” he said, more under his breath than to me.
I slipped back downstairs, needing to get the healing salve from the kitchen. My usual hiding place was a shoebox in the guest bedroom’s closet. If anyone suspected me, they’d probably go to my room. They wouldn’t think to look in a box that used to house a pair of very expensive Gucci shoes. Those heels were still my favorites.
Shaking the thoughts away, I also grabbed the shoebox on my way back and headed back to the bathroom. I came up short at the sight.
“That’s your first aid kit?” Ethan chuckled. “Don’t know if your shoes will help this.”
My heart hammered in my chest. I couldn’t respond to his skeptical quip. Seeing him without his shirt on and so close froze me in place, but the bite marks marring his pecs and side were a horrible sight. I couldn’t imagine how he’d kept calm together all this time—and had driven, too.
If I didn’t give him the salve and cast the charm over him, he’d surely be lost to me as a werewolf. However, part of me wondered if I were too late.
No. I couldn’t think that way. Regardless of the way my power had let me down at the airport’s parking garage, I could only hope that I’d be able to rescue him from this now. If I couldn’t...I’d prefer not to think that way. I refused to.
Let’s just say the werewolves would have one more tool to use in exacting revenge on me then what they’d already used, and I wanted to keep the collateral damage at a minimum and keep the people I cared about safe. Even if that meant never seeing them again....
“Mia?” Ethan took hold of my wrist. “Are you okay? If you’re uncomfortable, I can wash this out myself. I have had field training for treating injuries. Nothing quite like this, but I could manage.”
I took a deep breath, then let it out slowly trying not to show anymore fear than I already had. “No, I’ll be okay. I can do this.” 
I chanted under my breath, focusing all of my energy into making sure the salve was successful and healed away the possibility of the werewolf infecting Ethan with lycanthropy. I refused to give in, not if it meant risking both my and Ethan’s safety. Regardless of the feelings I’d had for Ethan, he meant an awful lot to my whole family.
Chapter Five
Ethan

Mia rubbed her soft hands over my skin. The intimate sensation was almost too much. A small part of me wanted to stop her, but the rest of me craved her touch. 
I’d spent months overseas without female companionship—yeah, there were women in the Army, but I didn’t view them like that. Those women were part of the team, and screwing around with my fellow soldiers didn’t fit with my morals. Besides, some of women were older and married. 
Having Mia right here, with her hands on my chest, made me want give in to my yearnings. Nolan’s younger sister. Those three words kept me from making moves I might regret.
While I saw the way she sometimes looked at me, I wouldn’t go chasing after her. If I made a move on her, that would be creepy, right? I’d known her since she was in diapers. The one time I had showed a little interest in her was when we were younger. Nolan and I got into a huge fistfight, only to be separated by Mia, who’d been too young to know better than to not get in the middle of two guys fighting.
Ever since that day, I’d shut away those feelings for her in the darker recesses of my mind. I still wanted her, but it was a secret longing. Even if I wanted her, I couldn’t have her now. Settling down didn’t suit me. My job as a soldier meant a lot, and I didn’t want anyone worried sick about me. No kids missing their father, or wife missing her husband, especially if things went wrong and I ended up dead. I’d seen it happen too many times, and I refused to leave behind a family who depended on me like that. 
Things were better this way. I wanted to advance my career, to make something of myself, instead of struggle as my parents had done for most of their lives. 
If that meant putting in long hours or grueling months, I would do it. All for the better, and my job was important: I helped to protect my country, even if I wholeheartedly disagreed with a lot of the asshattery in the government.
While I wasn’t against having short hook-ups to satisfy my needs, I refused to put my heart into them. Mia held that piece of me, and she didn’t even realize it.
She glanced up at me, still chanting under her breath. I strained to make out the words, but it was as if they were in another language. Since when did she know more than one language? She’d struggled through French in high school. A pretty pink blush spread to her cheeks when our eyes met. I wanted to kiss her, to show my true feelings. 
Nolan wasn’t here. He didn’t have to know, and our relationship would probably return to what it had been before all this. It would better for us to not even go there. If we did, Christmas dinner with her folks would be horrifyingly awkward, knowing we’d slept together. Yet that didn’t stop my raging desire to throw her over my shoulder and carry her to the sweetly feminine bedroom I’d walked into earlier. Maybe it had been way too long since I’d last been with a woman. That had to be it. There was no other reason for my feelings to explode like this all at once.
“What’s in that stuff? The pain is almost gone now.” I frowned at her, noticing the sudden difference, now that I thought about it. I’d been so absorbed in other thoughts that I hadn’t paid much attention to the pain. Now it was barely there. This woman had to be a witch, for all the power she possessed when it came to my heart.
Damn it.
Mia flashed me a smile and continued chanting, while she rubbed on a little more of the cool, balmy cream from the small jar. Her red hair was like a stunning flame, cascading over her shoulders, and her green eyes lit up her face, with her faint freckles dotting her cheeks. 
What the hell? This wasn’t like me. What was in that stuff? “Mia? I need to know. What—” 
She pressed a fingertip to my lips, frowning at me. Closing her eyes, she held her hands close enough to my skin that I could feel the heat from her palms as she whispered another stream of foreign words. A soft glow emitted from her hands, and I nearly fell off the toilet seat, but the warm sensation against my chest and side were almost pleasurable.
I tilted my head back, staring at the ceiling. What had I’d gotten myself into? I’d imagined my Christmas break would be relaxing, maybe somewhat boring, what with attending the festivities at The Brooks’ home and not much else. So far, it was beyond anything I’d anticipated. 
Not that I minded, but I wished Mia wasn’t in the level of trouble that I suspected, because if that was the case, then she needed to open up so I could help. 
Hopefully I was wrong, but not much pointed in that direction.
Mia slumped forward into my lap as the glow dissipated. Her small hands brushed my thighs and blood surged straight to my cock. Damn it. Not the right time for me to be feeling this way.
“Are you okay?” I asked, pressing a soft kiss to her forehead. My body froze. I couldn’t believe I’d just done that, but the action had felt so natural at the time.
“I...I’m fine. To answer your question, it was a healing...salve. I made it myself.” She gulped and blinked up at me as if she was just as surprised at the light kiss as I was. “I’m glad to hear that the pain is fading.” She spread large bandages over the vicious wounds, averting her gaze from mine again.
“Will you finally answer my questions? I need to know what’s going on if I’m to help you. You can’t leave me in the dark.” I fought the urge to cup her chin, to force her to look at me. I’d already done too much when it came to touching her. She was probably feeling just as overwhelmed about all of this as I was, if not more so.
“I said I would, but maybe we could find a better place to do that than here in the bathroom?” Her hands were gentle, and the more she touched me the less control I felt with her, especially when she was this close. 
If it weren’t for my pledge to her brother when we were younger, I would’ve been all over her. Then again, that wasn’t exactly the kind of guy I was. But a fling would’ve been nice at least. Yet even as I thought that, I couldn’t imagine having a fling with her. Every part of me knew that I wasn’t the type to commit, but something about her made me reconsider my attitude.
“That’s fair. Just don’t try to get out of talking to me.” I glanced down at myself, agitated at the blood staining my uniform. I would need to get over it, though, because, right now, I had other things to worry about.
She climbed to her feet, then she set about washing her hands, scrubbing under her nails with a brush before drying them.
“Are you okay? Did the...uh, wolf...hurt you?” The fact the thing had been a werewolf was still hard for me to swallow, but I’d have to come to terms with it if I wanted to help.
“I’m fine. Only a few scratches from falling on the pavement. I’m okay.” She rubbed the remainder of the healing salve on her scraped elbow and the back of her head. Her eyes widened, and she dropped the jar into the sink. The small glass jar clattered in the sink, but it didn’t break. “Oh no. You’ve gotta be kidding me.” Her gaze drifted over to me and worry painted her eyes.
“What is going on?” I closed the distance between us, forcing her to look up at me, with her soft, pouty lips and delicate facial features.
“I...I just remembered something.” She chewed on her lower lip. 
I wanted to kiss those lips, but that wasn’t right. I wasn’t like this. Not this much. Not with Mia. “Go on.”
“When I was making the healing cream, I accidentally spilled...something extra in it. I hadn’t thought much about it because it was only supposed to be my emergency sta—”
“You did what!” I dived at her, but she backed away and shut the door between us. Yanking the door open, I saw her dart toward her room. “Get back here.” If we went into her room with her bed, I didn’t know if I’d be able to control myself. “Did you plan this?”
That question spun her around to face me. “What? You think I planned to have a werewolf attack me while I picked you up from the airport? I didn’t even want to be there. I only did it because Nolan forced it onto me.” Her eyes widened, but the words were already out there. “I’m sorry.”
I couldn’t believe she’d just said that. While I knew my friend had handed the gig to her, hearing Mia say those words cut me to the core. Maybe I hadn’t realized about this part of her, or it’d blossomed since I’d been overseas, but either way, I wasn’t in the mood for this shit. If I was such a bother to her and her damn social life, then I’d just leave.
Hell, I didn’t even know if she had a boyfriend or not, and yet I was throwing myself at her. Before I knew what I was doing, I shoved past her and darted down the stairs.
“No, please, Ethan. Don’t leave. I’m so sorry.” Her hands brushed my arm, but I ignored her, not wanting to be here any longer than necessary. “Stop. Ethan! I didn’t mean to say that.”
I whirled on her. “But we both know it’s true.”
Her mouth dropped open, and she reached out her hand to me but dropped it.
“It’s better this way, babe. We don’t have anything in common, aside from eating dinner at your parents occasionally. Once you’re out of this mess, there will be nothing further between us.” 
Outside, a car pulled into Mia’s driveway, and the fear a werewolf might attack her had my attention. While she wasn’t in the right, I couldn’t leave her to suffer alone. I crossed to the kitchen window to peek out, careful not to move the blinds much.
A man in dark slacks and a button-down shirt climbed out of his car. He carried a bouquet of roses in his arms and clicked the key remote to lock his fancy luxury car.
“Looks like your date is here.” Anger rolled through me with more force than I’d expected. Part of me wanted to punch the guy and get him the fuck away from Mia. But no, this was her life, and I wouldn’t screw it up.
The doorbell rang. When Mia made no attempt to answer it, I opened the door. The man’s smile twisted into a scowl and he raked his gaze over me, before shifting his attention to Mia. He pushed past me and crossed the entryway to get to her.
“Mia, who is this? And what is he doing half-naked in your house?” He grabbed her by the arms and shook her. She gasped, trying to pull away from him. Mia didn’t meet his eyes, but he held on tight. “Are you cheating on me? Wait, what are those bruises from?” He swirled on me. “Did you hurt her?”
“Just drop it, Greg. Please.” Tears rolled down Mia’s cheeks, and I wished I could take back my words. Her quiet, shy demeanor had crumbled since the incident in the bathroom.
I could tell Greg didn’t like Mia telling him to drop it. His shoulders tensed and he turned his head to glare at her. This guy left a really bad taste in my mouth. Why had she gone for someone like him, to begin with? Maybe she really had changed since I’d been deployed, but that didn’t mean I had to like it. The idea of this man mistreating her set my blood on fire.
“Don’t tell me what to do, Mia,” Greg said, his voice an angry growl.
I grabbed the guy by the front of his silk shirt. “Back off. If she asks you to drop it, then drop it. You’re in her house.” I shoved Greg back a few steps. Instead of backing down, he launched himself right at me.
“Guys, please.” Mia took a couple steps toward them. Her eyes wide in horror, and she chewed her lower lip.
“Don’t think you’ll be able to get away with that shit. I’m in a relationship with Mia. That gives me more clout to say something to my girlfriend than you. So you should get out of her house, right now.” Greg threw a punch, but I easily blocked it, slamming my fist into his stomach as hard as possible. 
This asshole was really getting to me.
“Stop it! Both of you.” Mia shoved me, but I didn’t budge. Her hands on my chest made me wonder if I wasn’t doing the right thing, but standing up for her was more important than sitting around pissed off. 
Greg straightened his spine and his shirt. He scrunched his face in disgust. “Go get ready, Mia. The movie starts in less than an hour. I’d planned for us to eat first, but this...man who you haven’t introduced me to is messing up our schedule.”
She hung her head and pinched the bridge of her nose. “This is Ethan, my brother’s best friend. We’ve known each other a long time.”
Greg wrinkled his nose. “Ah, I see. Why the hell is he at your house nearly naked?”
“He...we...I....” Mia looked at me with a frown.
“She picked me up from the airport, and we were mugged in the parking garage. Thanks for the concern.” While she didn’t know what to say, I was less obliged to give this jerk more information than necessary. Mia was in trouble with werewolves, and I didn’t want to make matters worse. But I hated seeing her with this fucking self-centered scumbag. What the hell had been going on with her since I’d been deployed? 
“Right. Ethan protected me, Greg.” She stepped between the two of us. Part of me wanted to push her behind me and take charge. Prove my feelings for her. This was so unlike me. “I really don’t appreciate you assaulting him.” She glanced over her shoulder at me.
Greg narrowed his eyes, his hands clenched into fists. “You obviously didn’t pay attention because he grabbed me first.”
“You were being an ass to her.” I wouldn’t stand down and take this. If I wanted to, I could give this guy an ass whooping, but I wouldn’t do it because obviously Mia saw something in him. What that was, I couldn’t say.
“Guys, both of you, need to just leave. Greg, I’m not up to going to the movies—”
“I bought the tickets. You’re damn well going to the movie.” He puffed out his chest and encroached on Mia’s personal space. 
For all of the bravery I’d seen from her in the parking garage with the werewolf, I had to wonder why she put up with this guy’s shit. “If she doesn’t want to go, then find someone else to take.” If this guy kept up with it, I’d throw him out. While I wasn’t happy with what she’d said, there was no denying my feelings for her and the desire to keep her safe. I couldn’t chalk that up to some potion right? It’s not like she’d put a love potion in a healing cream. Besides, this desire for her had been for a long time. However, now those feelings were almost heightened.
Mia walked to the front door and held it open for us.
Greg planted his fists on his hips like he wasn’t going to budge, but I stared him down. The jerk’s lean physique couldn’t compare to my muscular build. No doubt who the winner would be if we got into a fight. Greg sighed. “If this is really how you want it to be, Mia, then you’ll have to deal with that decision. If you want to spend the evening together, call off your brute.”
That comment nearly had me swinging on him, but the utterly frustrated look in Mia’s eyes stopped me from acting. If this guy wanted to keep breathing, then I’d need to leave. Besides, once I tracked down Nolan, we would be having a nice chat about what the fuck he was doing letting his sister get involved with such an asshole. Nolan was a protective older brother, even to this day, so I had no idea why he put up with this.
I waited until Greg walked out before looking back at Mia from the porch, with my torn shirt and backpack. “Don’t let him treat you this way, Mia. You deserve better.”
She frowned but averted her gaze. “I know what I’m doing. He’s rather...nice, sometimes.” Sighing, she ran her hands through her hair. “Do you need a ride home?”
I glanced between her and the piece of trash idling his car in the driveway. “I’ll walk, it’s not that far. If there’s any trouble, call me. I’ll answer.” I turned toward the street, but her soft touch drew my attention back toward her.
“I’m really sorry, Ethan. I was just frustrated. Picking you up was not a burden. I could’ve told him no. I’m glad you’re home.” She licked her lips, and I dipped my gaze to take in the motion. “Besides, I didn’t want your holidays to start off with having to take a taxi home. I wouldn’t want that for myself if I were coming home after so long.” When I looked back into her eyes, she watched me with sincerity. 
“Thanks. I really appreciate the—”
Greg honked the horn, and if it weren’t for Mia, I might’ve pulled the asshole from the car and given him a piece of my mind...to say the least.
“—the courtesy. Besides, I’m glad I was there to help. I guess.” I smiled. Both of us knew that she’d been the main reason we’d escaped the parking garage. I’d only helped a little. “See you at dinner tomorrow?”
She nodded. “I’ll be there.”
Chapter Six
Mia

I closed the door behind me, partly wishing Ethan had said sorry too. What could I do about it? Nothing. At least we’d ended the evening acting civil toward each other. The same couldn’t be said of Greg. 
Relief lightened the load on my shoulders. I’d been so scared Ethan wouldn’t forgive me for the insult. If I had it to do all over again, I’d try to keep my mouth shut. Those were the absolute worst words to say, but he’d been so frustrated with me about what I’d spilled into the healing salve...something I hadn’t wanted to confess: the love potion. Though it wasn’t as if I’d snuck it in. 
However, the love potion hadn’t seemed to even have had any effect on him. Me, on the other hand.... I wanted him more than I cared to admit. It heightened my desire to have him in my life.
Besides, I would have thought that the healing aspect of the potion would mellow out the love potion part. I’d learned something new. Even though I had pictured him falling in love with me and declaring his feelings, I hadn’t planned on slipping him the love potion. 
What kind of relationship would we have if he had his free will ripped away? While I wanted him to like me, I didn’t want him to be my puppet.
I wanted him to like him for who I was. That dream looked less and less likely, now that he knew my secret.
However, the way Ethan had acted with Greg had surprised me. Part of me was horrified that they’d nearly gotten into a fight, but the other part was glad he’d stood up for me when Greg had been so mean.
I rubbed my arms. Pain still ached in my bones from the way Greg had held me so tightly. I’d seen a side of him tonight I hadn’t seen before, and it was one I was not happy about. If he continued to act that way, then I’d have no problem with letting him go before Christmas, regardless of his feelings. The fact he’d been so cold to my emotions when I’d been upset boggled my mind. Why push me to go out after we’d been ‘mugged’, as Ethan had put it? That really didn’t sit well with me.
Peeking through the blinds, I saw Ethan walk by Greg’s car. He leaned down, saying something with his face screwed up with anger, then he jabbed a finger toward my house. I shrunk back, trying not to get spotted, but neither man even looked in my direction.
Greg’s features were tight and his eyes were narrowed at Ethan. He said a few things, and Ethan shot back at a volume I could almost hear, but not quite.
Damn it, Ethan. Don’t start a fight.
Instead of that, Greg pulled out of the driveway and put the pedal to the metal, absurdly revving his engine.
Ethan glanced back at the house and waved, then he walked off toward the direction of his home.
I wiped my hands over my face, feeling the pull of the love potion. The desire to go to him, tell him how I felt, and ask him to not leave, was almost too much. However, the potion wasn’t strong enough for me to take those actions. I didn’t have to obey it because I was more in control than my feelings at the moment, even if those feelings were pretty darn convincing.
What was I going to do? It was one thing for us having this situation in private. It would be another entirely for me to have to sit through a family dinner while he was there. 
I knew I’d have to face Christmas Eve dinner with both Greg and Ethan. Unless Ethan learned about Greg’s presence and decided to skip it. After the way my parents had treated Ethan as one of their own since his own folks had died, I couldn’t imagine Ethan skipping Christmas Eve dinner with people he considered as much his family as I did, if not more so.
I slumped on the couch then ran my hands through my hair, brushing the red strands from my face. None of this even took into account the werewolves, who obviously wanted me dead. If I didn’t boost my magic, and soon, then I might as well plan my funeral, rather than what to wear for Christmas Eve dinner.
The small Christmas tree sitting on the coffee table didn’t do much to revitalize my festive spirit. In fact, it made things worse, because now was the time of year when I felt the most alone. When I’d hooked up together with Greg, I thought he’d make things better, but actually he’d only made them worse. Whether on a date or spending time at his house, I felt lonelier with him.
Shaking my head, I pulled the blanket down from the back of the couch, wrapping it around myself. The home phone rang, and I jumped, nearly bouncing off the sofa.
“Hello?”
“Mia, why haven’t you been answering your cell phone? What’s up with Ethan? Did he arrive on time?” Nolan’s usually happy-go-lucky voice sounded worried.
Damn, I hadn’t heard my phone. Maybe I didn’t take it off vibrate. “He arrived on time and should be home soon. Why?”
“Your phone went straight to voice mail. Mom and Dad are worried. Why didn’t you answer?” He refused to let up. Another pushy guy was the last thing I needed right now.
I sighed. “My phone must’ve run out of juice. I’ve had a long day. Call Ethan. I’m sure he wants to talk to you, especially after what you did.” From what I’d heard at the airport, I was sure there would be a long discussion between the two.
“What? I’m innocent, I swear.” Nolan sounded mischievous, not innocent. Bastard! But I did love my brother. 
“Right, right. Well, we both know that’s not true. Why didn’t you take time off to pick up Ethan? I don’t get it.” I wanted an answer. His boss not letting him off work was a lame excuse—since his boss had let him off for less. It just seemed sneaky, as if he was hiding something, and when Nolan was like this, it meant trouble.
“What can I say?”
Anger at his vague response shoved me over the edge. “Stop with the bullshit, Nolan. I want to know why. What came up that you—”
“Sorry, sis. I’m getting a call on the other line. It might be Ethan. Thanks for everything. I’ll see you tomorrow.” The dial tone cut off any protests.
I would be seeing him tomorrow night, and when I did, I’d strangle the jerk. If he wanted to play hard to get, then he had another thing coming to him. I’d find out what he was up to, whether he liked it or not.
Uneasiness tightened my chest. The similarities of Nolan’s reluctance to answer a few simple questions mirrored my own. However, my answers would reveal earthshaking revelations about the supernatural community existing, as opposed to whatever Nolan hid. 
Ethan deserved the truth. He was already wrapped up in situation with me. I could use his help, and it was better for me to keep an eye on him. If he displayed any lunar tendencies, I needed to act before anyone else found out. 
I tossed the phone on the couch, not bothering to put it back on the cradle. If my purse hadn’t been in the entryway, I would’ve gone to check my cell phone to see how many messages had been left for me. Knowing my parents and brother, there would be plenty.
The most memorable event of the day was Ethan kissing me. Feeling his lips on my skin had been like a caress from heaven. Errr.... Maybe the love potion had been stronger when mixed with the healing salve than I realized.
Chapter Seven
Ethan

I walked up the sidewalk to what used to be my parents’ house. A sign staked in the yard said Welcome Home in big letters. 
Damn. 
Mia and Nolan’s parents were so nice to me. Sometimes I didn’t feel like I deserved all of the affection they gave. I wasn’t their son, even though they were like parents to me after mine died when a drunk driver hit them.
Nolan was perched on the porch talking on his cell phone. When he noticed me walking up, he said a few more words and hung up the phone. “Hmm...I’m guessing what Mia told me wasn’t true, that you arrived home and everything’s fine?” Getting up to greet me, he cocked an eyebrow. “What happened to your uniform?”
The not so great thing about having Nolan as my roommate—who lived with me predominantly to keep an eye on the house while I was deployed—was this: I wanted to come home and not worry about anything but laying my tired ass in my own bed. Instead, I was getting fifty questions.
“Everything’s fine,” I said, knowing Nolan wouldn’t believe me, especially with the state I was in. Glancing down at my chest, I noticed the claw marks under the thick cream had scabbed over. That wasn’t normal. I shouldn’t have healed so fast. 
Damn. Maybe Mia did have powers, aside from throwing fireballs, at least. The picture of her crying while her boyfriend had walked all over her gnawed at me. Fucking asshole.
Nolan put a hand on my shoulder. “Dude, what the hell? No, it’s not fine. You have blood on your pants and your shirt is ripped. Let alone the fact you’re not wearing it.” He nudged me toward the house. “Come on. Let’s get inside. You need to talk to me. What did Mia do?”
“Mia didn’t do anything. Why didn’t you tell me she had such an asshole boyfriend? More to the point,” I said, whirling on my best friend, “why have you let her keep seeing that shithead? You beat the shit out of me in tenth grade when I went through that fling.”
“Greg? Oh, fuck. I’m going to kick his ass for this.” Anger darkened Nolan’s green eyes, and he balled his hands into fists. “He never should’ve been allowed to get away with this for so long. Once I kick his ass....”
While I wanted to see that, I shook my head. “It wasn’t Greg. But I saw the way he treated her. Not well at all. How can you stand back and let her take that?”
Nolan cocked his head. “Why do you care, all the sudden? You’ve never shown much thought toward her since middle school. Besides, I’ve tried talking to her about it. She won’t listen to me. When I pushed her, she said she didn’t have the heart to break up with him before the holidays. He hates me, but I know Mom and Dad don’t like him much either.” He looked around the neighborhood, then back at me. “We’ll talk more inside.”
Sighing, I knew he had a point. Not being able to have Mia in my life had sent me running in the opposite direction, but my feelings for her had never lessened. The cold weather made the healing cream on my chest icy. While the cool night air didn’t bother me, I didn’t want to get sick. Besides, I’d lost some blood, so getting out of the elements would be best for me.
The home I shared with Nolan was a typical bachelor’s pad. The homey pictures and decorations from my deceased parents made it more than a house, but it wasn’t at all like what I’d experienced at Nolan and Mia’s parents, or even Mia’s home. It just felt...less than. Maybe because of the memories I still had of my parents when they’d been alive.
They had been good friends with the Brooks. I wished they were still alive, but having the Brooks in my life had helped a lot. They’d encouraged me like my parents would’ve, but I knew they’d also had their own children to raise. They hadn’t been able to support me or foot the bill for my college tuition. That had prompted me to go into the military. There I’d been able to get an education, have a career, see the world, and make something of myself, like my dad would have wanted.
If only he were around to see it.
I dropped my backpack onto the floor next to the door and headed for my room. The desire for questioning Nolan waned.
“Hey, where you going? Weren’t we going to talk?” Nolan came up beside me, putting his hand on my shoulder. “What’s going on, man? This isn’t like you. Talk to me.”
“I will. Right now, I need a shower and to unwind a little.” I grabbed a change of clothes from my room, then hit the shower. It was exactly what I needed. Hot water streamed down my body, clearing my mind. I didn’t want Mia to be in a bad relationship. What could I do about that? Nothing. Unless Greg kept acting like a total jerk. I wouldn’t sit back while she went through that. I’d stand up for her, even if the other people in her life hadn’t.
My heart knew that if I didn’t I’d regret it, because I wanted to be with her. I wouldn’t stand there and let someone else mistreat her. Balling my hands into fists, I leaned against the bathroom counter.
While Nolan said she didn’t want to break up with Greg because of the holidays, just how long had they been together, and why was she with him in the first place? If Nolan wanted to talk, then he had a lot of explaining to do.
When I got downstairs, Nolan was flipping through channels on the flat screen TV. He glanced up at me. “You hungry? I could order a pizza. Mom and Dad were thinking about surprising you, but when I didn’t hear anything from Mia, I told them it was probably best to wait because your plane might’ve been delayed.”
“Pizza would be good. Tell your parents, thanks for everything.” If they’d gone through the effort to set all this up, then why had Mia seemed as confused about Nolan’s suspicious behavior as I had been? I wanted to get into this, but I didn’t want to scare Nolan off. 
He had been worried about me, but I couldn’t forget how suspicious he’d been of Mia when she’d done nothing wrong. She was going through things I wasn’t exactly sure how to understand, but that didn’t mean she meant ill toward me.
“Will do,” Nolan said and grabbed his phone. He punched in a few buttons, and before I knew it, he’d already ordered the pizza with an app. Crazy but cool. “So what’s going on? Why were you injured?”
“We got mugged at the airport in the parking garage.” I didn’t want to spend all evening talking to him about what happened. I wanted more details about what was going on here. However, I’d let him talk since, if it’d been the other way around, I would have been concerned to see Nolan hurt.
Nolan winced. “Seriously? I thought airports were supposed to be safe, with plenty of TSA around. Did you call the cops?” He tossed a can of beer to me and I caught it. “You kicked their ass, right? Man, why wouldn’t Mia tell me something like that?” He crushed the empty can in his fist. “Damn, no wonder she didn’t answer her phone earlier.”
I raised an eyebrow. This guy was the buddy I remembered. Thank goodness. “Seemed like you were pretty quick to get off the phone with her when you saw me.”
Nolan’s face fell and he grabbed his phone again. “Shit, you’re right. I’m a horrible brother. Maybe I should go see if she’s okay. Shit.”
“She’s fine. More or less. A few bumps and bruises, but I protected her. Speaking of which, what about that prick of a boyfriend she has?” I waved a hand at his protests. “Don’t. What happened to the best friend I knew who gave a shit?”
He looked hurt, but I didn’t care. I crossed my arms over my chest, not backing down.
“She only told us about the relationship with him recently. I don’t think they’ve been together very long. She’s...I don’t know...more quiet recently.” He shrugged. “Maybe she’s just lonely. It is the holiday season. People tend to be pretty lonely during the holidays. That’s when most people—”
“Don’t even start talking about those kinds of statistics. I don’t want to hear them.” I sat in my dad’s armchair and popped the top on my beer. “But still...that’s pretty different from the girl I used to know.”
“She’s changed, man. After you went away to the military, she became more withdrawn. I think she likes you.” Shrugging, he started flipping channels again.
I couldn’t believe it. How could I react to that? 
Inside, turmoil and need was running rampant through me, but I couldn’t reveal my feelings. That wasn’t me. 
Besides, she was in a relationship. There was nothing I could do about that. I wouldn’t try to sweep her off her feet when she’d already chosen someone else. My vacation was crazy enough already. I couldn’t even tell my best friend why I was bloody. Yet the idea of becoming involved with his sister wouldn’t leave my thoughts.
We sat in silence watching college football. It was crazy how good even the little things like watching television felt. The simple comforts of being in my living room without worries of people shooting at me. I’d learned to get used to it. Somewhat. But I’d known enough people who died overseas and in a combat zone, and it was still nerve wracking, even on the bests of days.
“So, how’s things with Sandra?” I didn’t need to talk, but I wanted to catch up. Know what the people I cared about were doing these days.
“Sandra?” Nolan scratched his head. “Who? Oh, her. We broke up a few months ago. I’m with a new girl now. Jennifer.” The doorbell rang, and Nolan jumped up from the couch. 
Seemed like his sister wasn’t the only one on the dating scene. Nolan had never been the type to settle down and commit, but I couldn’t help my surprise. Didn’t he want something solid? To have a family, now that he was out of college, instead of playing the bachelor. 
Maybe he displayed his need for freedom in a different way than I did. Fair enough.
After you went away to the military, she became more withdrawn.
Those words buzzed around my head. Guess I hadn’t thought about others’ feelings when I’d made my choice. The idea of doing something for my father’s honor and getting an education had seemed the best way for me to go after my folks died. Having the Army distract me, so I wouldn’t have to face the hurt. Maybe I’d been selfish, but at least I’d had a good reason.
I set aside the empty beer can aside, then popped open a new one. Ever since the incident in the bathroom with Mia, I couldn’t control my feelings. They kept spinning through my head like a carousel. 
The scent of spicy pepperonis broke me from my thoughts.
Nolan set the pizza on the coffee table, and I grinned. At least one thing hadn’t changed while I was gone: our shared tastes in pizza. I remembered again why we were best friends.
Chapter Eight
Mia

Loud knocking sounded at my door. I leapt from the couch, nearly knocking over a lamp on the side table. Sunlight filtered in through the blinds. Had I fallen asleep?
Chanting under my breath, I stared at the front door. Fear pumped adrenaline through my veins. Who could it be? Ethan never dropped by my place, but maybe...maybe he’d decided to visit? We hadn’t gotten the chance to talk last night. He was the only one that made sense...unless it was the werewolf.
I shoved those thoughts aside. No, not a werewolf. It was daylight outside. Plus, if it were, I’d feel something. While I wasn’t the most powerful, I had some ability to pick up magical energy, especially now that I knew what that felt like.
Going to the window near the door, I tried to catch a peek at whoever was on my doorstep, but they were just out of sight.
“Mia? I know you’re in there,” Jessa said, banging on the door again. “I need to talk to you.”
Relief sagged my shoulders, and I nearly collapsed from the suddenness of it. Thank goodness. I couldn’t recall any other time when I’d been this happy to hear from Jessa. I opened the door and threw my arms around her. “Hi, Jessa! I wasn’t expecting you.”
Jessa pushed me back at arm’s length to look me in the eyes. “We really should talk. There’s...a problem. But first, I sensed you need to talk. Let me in on what’s going on, okay?” Concern tightened her eyes, and Jessa ran her gaze over me. “Honey! What happened? Oh, no, this is worse than I thought.”
Stepping back to let my friend inside, I really didn’t want to talk about what was going on, but if I was going to open up with anyone, then Jessa was my only option. She was the only other witch I knew and trusted. Besides, my witchy skills were down the drain. If anyone could help, it would be her.
Jessa was the much better witch. She didn’t hide from what she was. She was out there. Had her own shop and lived what I thought was a much simpler life. Jessa didn’t agree, but if I had that kind of life, I’d be much happier. Hiding from everyone I knew and loved was hard. Trying to be the perfect daughter, sister, friend, when there was so much more going on underneath my skin, drove me crazy.
I shook my head. “I need to talk to you. There was a...an incident when I went to pick up Ethan from the airport. I don’t want to drag you—”
“Honey, no. You’re not dragging me into anything. Just tell me what’s going on. I want to help you. I hate seeing you cover in bruises like this.” Jessa pulled me over to the couch, then she waved a hand to the door. Within seconds, it had shut and locked itself. 
I had no idea how Jessa did that kind of stuff, but I wished I possessed those abilities too. Then I’d have a chance. I wouldn’t be in the dust, trying to throw miniscule fireballs at werewolves, who could eat my face without effort.
“It’s werewolves.”
The color drained from Jessa’s face and she pulled away from me. “Are you sure, Mia? Absolutely sure?”
I nodded, suddenly uncomfortable. If she was reacting this way about my news, then what else did she have to say? “What’s going on? Please, just spit it out.”
“Remember the guy who came in asking for the potion?” She fiddled with her skirts and averted her gaze, sounding way too hesitant.
“Yes, I remember. Stop beating around the bush. That was the day before yesterday. I don’t have that bad a memory.” I clutched one of the pillows from the couch in my arms and balled my fists in the smooth cotton.
“He came by before closing yesterday, asking to talk to you. What exactly did you put in the salve?” She met my gaze, and her look froze me in place.
“Uh, I put the usual ingredients in. Peppermint, salt, some wolf’s bane—”
“Oh, no, don’t tell me you put that in it!” She hopped to her feet, running her hands through her hair. “He didn’t look pleased. I’m betting his friend was a werewolf, and if that’s the case, you might’ve poisoned him further—let alone what’s happened with his injury.”
“He probably came to the shop to avoid going to the hospital, because they wouldn’t want their kind found out.” The pain in my back and head pounded in time with the blood rushing through my veins. While I didn’t know if they would go after Jessa, since I was the person who had made the potion, I’d wager we were both screwed. “What else did he say to you?”
“After I told him that you weren’t around, he bolted.” She sat back on the couch, staring into my eyes. “I should’ve called as soon as he came by, but I was trying to process what was going on. The shop was surprisingly busy.” Shaking her head, she gripped my wrists. “That’s no excuse. I should’ve reached out to you. What have I done? What have I gotten you wrapped up in?” 
Guilt etched itself deep into Jessa’s face. I hated seeing her like this. She was a good friend. Maybe she’d done the wrong thing here, but I couldn’t take it out on her. We had to work out what was going on together.
“We can’t think like that right now. What we should do is figure out how to get out of this situation.” I bit my lower lip, knowing she wouldn’t want to hear this. “He knows where your shop is and how to get to you. Do you think you should shut down for a few days?”
Her eyebrows shot toward her hairline. “Are you kidding? Mia, I’m not made of money. If I don’t keep the shop open, I won’t be able to pay the bills. Yes, I’ve thought about taking you up on the money potion, but those kinds of things feel like cheating. Just because we can make potions for our own gain, doesn’t mean we should. There are ramifications. It could hurt your karma.”
Blinking at her, I felt an instant wave of guilt crash into me. Not only had I made a love potion earlier, I’d given some to Ethan via the healing salve. My only thought had been helping him. If only I’d remembered the love potion spilling into it sooner. Besides, I’d been so sure Jessa would get behind me that I’d ignored the niggling voice in my head, warning me not to proceed. Now I faced the consequences of my actions.
“What did you do?” Jessa’s eyes widened. “Did you make the money potion? If you did, I lied. I’ll be the first to try it.”
“No, I....” The words failed me and a blush burned my cheeks. “Worse.”
“What’s worse than that? You didn’t perform black magick on someone, did you? No, that’s not you. I’d notice stains on your aura.” Jessa jumped to her feet with a swish of her skirts. “You made a love potion? You’re planning to give it to someone, aren’t you?”
I looked up at her, unable to hide my guilt. “It was an accident. I spilt some into the second batch of healing salve I made.”
“And?”
“And Ethan got hurt protecting me from the werewolf. I applied the healing salve with the love potion to his wounds. Only when I started putting it on myself to take care of a few scrapes, did I remember.” Sagging my shoulders, I stared at the beige carpet. “I didn’t mean for this to happen.”
“Does he know?”
“No. I almost told him, but I was too afraid. As it was, he knew I was hiding something and started to storm off, but then Greg showed up. It wasn’t pretty, to say the least.” The memories of the incident were bad enough, but I knew Jessa would ask. “They nearly got into a fight. I’m not looking forward to dinner Saturday. They are probably going to tear each other apart.”
“Honey....” Jessa sat next to me on the couch. “It’s going to be okay. You didn’t mean to use the love potion. If not much got spilled, then I don’t think you’ll have a problem. Love potions are tricky and unreliable.” She rubbed her hand over my back. I remembered how much went into the salve, and it was enough to affect me. “The boys won’t make too much of a commotion in front of your parents. If they do, they’re jerks. Wait; you said Ethan was injured protecting you. How bad was his injury? Do you think...?”
“He was scratched. You know what the legends say, and usually when folklore points at something, it’s true. I’m hoping the healing salve will prevent anything...hairy, but I don’t know. I didn’t even think werewolves were real!” I walked into the kitchen, needing space. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
Jessa followed me. “You think I knew?” Her mouth dropped open, as she leaned against the kitchen counter. “Just because I’m a witch doesn’t mean I know anything and everything about the supernatural.”
“Sorry, I just figured since you’re my mentor and all.”
“If you’re trying to take this out on me because I introduced you to someone who needed a potion, then you’re different to how I thought you were. I was trying to help, since you always shut out everyone.” Jessa threw her hands into the air. “You never do anything with your powers. You sit back, thinking you can be a badass witch like your grandmother, while never putting in the work. Your abilities are like any other muscle; they can atrophy.” 
Tears formed in my eyes. I hated how right she was. I’d wondered why my magic was useless against the werewolf, but I had only myself to blame. 
“Look, I’m sorry, but I’m your friend. If you’re going to survive, you need a little tough love.” She closed the space between us and gave me a hug. “Even if that means the truth hurts, you know. If the werewolf comes back, I’ll tell him to get lost. Keep a low profile, and hopefully, they won’t find you.” 
I couldn’t believe this. She had a point, but I was scared. The guy I cared about was injured, and werewolves were after me, for crying out loud. We walked to the front door. 
“I’ll talk to you later. You know what you need to do. Release the fear.” The door shut behind Jessa, and I locked it, resting my forehead against the painted wood. 
Jessa’s words resonated through me. Release the fear. That was all good and well, but when a werewolf charged at you, not being afraid was ridiculously hard. Ethan had kicked the beast in the face, courage and determination in his eyes. Then again, he was a soldier. They had to be tough.
No excuses. Excuses would only hamper my growth.
Thoughts of last night filtered through my resolve. Had Ethan made it home okay? I shouldn’t have allowed Greg push us apart when Ethan had been on my doorstep. I’d been too worried about what Greg would think to insist on taking Ethan home, especially after all the blood he’d lost. There was no way the salve could’ve totally healed his wounds.
Jessa started her car, and I glanced out the window to see her pulling away. One more relationship poised on the brink of ruin.
Chapter Nine
Ethan

This dinner with Mia and her parents tonight was making me nervous, especially after all we’d been through yesterday. I grimaced. Regardless of what had happened, that didn’t change our relationship, even if I knew I wanted more than what we were. I didn’t want the commitment and being with her still felt forbidden. 
Besides, I still had no clue why she was in danger. There had to be something she hadn’t told me. If I didn’t talk with her soon, this whole thing might get swept under the rug, since I doubted we’d be discussing it at the dinner table.
Getting my jeans and shirt on, I decided to go for a walk. That would attract far less attention from Nolan than going for a drive. Besides, Mia didn’t live that far away. 
When I knocked on her front door, no one answered. I frowned, glancing back at her car, which was parked in the driveway.
Somehow, I doubted she wasn’t home. I rang the doorbell a few times, then I knocked again.
“What is it now?” she grumbled behind the closed door. Her eyes widened when she opened it and saw me, and she took a couple steps back. “I, uh....” She wore a pair of tiny shorts and a tank top. Her hair was ruffled from sleep and she didn’t appear to be wearing a bra, from the way her nipples hardened as the cold air blew inside her house. “Ethan!”
“Mia.” I nodded, trying my best to keep my gaze at eye level. The hard peaks on her chest were tempting the hell out of me. The need to brush my fingers over them and hear her moan my name beneath me had my dick swelling. Damn it! 
This was getting ridiculous. Either my hormones were going into overdrive again, or the secret ingredient in the healing salve had been a stupid love potion. Why would she have concocted a love potion, then added some to a healing salve that she’d used on herself? It didn’t add up.
“What are you doing here?” Crossing her arms over her chest, she looked around my shoulder as if expecting to find me with someone else.
I frowned. “After last night, I wanted to swing by to see if you were okay. Besides, we were both stressed, and we didn’t get a chance to really talk about what’s going on.”
Grimacing, she pulled away from the doorway. “I’m fine. Just a few bumps and bruises.” 
A few of the bruises in question looked like handprints on her upper arms. That fucking asshole. From the way she’d reacted, I had a feeling.... 
Her gaze drifted down to where I was looking, and she gulped, retreating deeper into the house. I followed and shut the door behind me. “Those were.... He was just....” She grabbed a blanket from the couch, wrapping it around her shoulders. “It was tense last night. He overreacted.” She looked indecisive for a moment. “I don’t know.”
I took a few steps toward her. My anger retreated at the look in her eyes. “You don’t have to defend him to me. What he did was wrong. Plain and simple. He shouldn’t have touched you that way.”
She sighed and looked up at me. “I know. If Nolan put you up to this, then tell him to buzz off. I already told him my reasons.”
“That’s not why I’m here. Like I said, I wanted to talk about last night. The...werewolf. Why is it after you?” 
She chewed on her lower lip. “I can’t really talk right now. Dinner is at—”
“I know perfectly well when dinner is. We’ll make it in time. If you want my help like you implied last night, then talk.” While she’d covered herself with the blanket, I could still see the outline of her nipples. God, how was I supposed to pay attention with her looking like that? “If you want, you can get dressed while we talk.”
Mia gave me a dubious look, her lips curving in a frown. “Fine, we’ll talk. My friend asked me to make a potion for her shop. Apparently, the potion was for a werewolf who came in disguised as a man. I used an ingredient that’s supposed to be poisonous to werewolves, not knowing that was what his sick friend might be.” She leaned against the couch, as if she wasn’t expecting us to be here for long.
“Didn’t you sense that the man was a werewolf? Why didn’t he tell you?” None of this made any sense. While I knew she hadn’t wanted to tell anyone about being a witch, this werewolf was a member of the supernatural community, too. Surely the guy would have told her what he or his friend were, in order to get what they needed.
“No, I didn’t know werewolves existed.” I couldn’t suppress my laugh, and she shot me a dirty look. “I thought they were beasts of legend and folklore. There were vibes from the guy that caught me off guard, but without having ever met another werewolf, I didn’t know that’s what I was picking up.” Sighing, she sat on the couch, getting a little more comfortable. “I wished he’d told me. I hate to think that I unintentionally hurt someone.”
“Is there anything you can do to help?” I sat on the opposite side of the couch, not wanting to make her feel uncomfortable.
She threw her head back, laughing rather hysterically. “Well, he certainly asked for it so nicely, didn’t he?” The look she gave me was haunted. “Maybe he just wants to kill me. Werewolves are known for their violent tendencies.”
This whole werewolf thing was new to me. “Come on, Mia. Don’t be like this. We’re going to make sure you’re safe.” A fierce protectiveness flared within me. It slammed in my gut, nearly doubling me over. I gripped the arm of the couch to keep myself from falling.
When I caught a look at her, her eyes were wide with panic. “Oh, no.... No, no, no.... This can’t be happening.” She whispered the words, but I could hear them as if she were talking normally.
Realization flooded my senses. I lifted my shirt to see that the claw marks were gone. There were no scars, nothing to signify that I’d been attacked last night. “Mia, does this mean...?”
“Sorry. I’m so sorry.” She rubbed her arms, wincing when she hit the bruises. “I never should’ve gotten into this mess. Never should’ve let you get involved.”
My heart pounded in my chest and I slumped into the couch. Life had upended itself, and I’d been home for less than twenty-four hours. Part of me wished I was back in the desert. While it was dangerous, it didn’t rival the level of complexity I’d been hit with since coming back. 
“Fuck.” I stood, my body moving on its own volition. A werewolf had attacked Mia, and now I’d been turned into the same beast! I didn’t stop when I hit the front door.
“Ethan, wait!” Mia stood on her front porch, the blanket long gone. “Where are you going?”
“I need to clear my head. This is way too much.” I continued walking away, not looking forward to dinner at her parents’ later. If my life was going to be spent as a werewolf, then I had no idea what I’d do. 
Life kept hitting me with curveballs. One day I’d learn to catch them. But maybe that day was one too late. 

Chapter Ten
Mia

Sitting opposite Ethan at the dinner was horrible. For a while, I wasn’t sure he’d even show up. My mind flashed back to seeing him at my home, seeing his eyes change color for that brief moment. 
God, he was a werewolf. The thing I’d feared had come to pass.
I looked over at him, but he hadn’t even glanced in my direction the entire time. Maybe he was as worried about what was happening as me. I only wished he wouldn’t shut me out.
Whatever feelings we’d had before seemed like they were gone. So gone. This wasn’t the Ethan I’d known. He was colder, as if he blamed me for what he had become.
I wanted to cry so much, but I couldn’t. Not right now. My parents would ask too many questions, and I’d be forced to lie. They could never know. I’d rather run away from home than involve them in my mess.
If he wanted to act this way, then fine, I didn’t need to be daydreaming about him. Or thinking about him, period. Besides, I had a boyfriend. While I was at my limit with Greg, especially after seeing the bruises he’d left on my arm, I shouldn’t be getting hot and heavy with Ethan, or having emotions for him while I was in a relationship.
I shoved my food around on my plate. My appetite was long gone. I ate a few bites of the meatloaf and broccoli, but not much. When everyone else was starting to wrap up, I was the first one out of the dining room. I leaned against the kitchen counter and looked out the window into the darkened backyard. Memories of playing there and trying to get Nolan’s and Ethan’s attention came rushing back. But the two boys were older and had had each other, while I’d had no one. 
I had always been the outsider, had always felt like I didn’t belong. Maybe it was coming full circle, that Ethan was forgetting my existence. That was surprising, since the love potion was still in his system. But if he was becoming a werewolf, maybe the potion had burned off faster in him than it had in me. My emotions for him were still raw and aching.
I had no idea.
“Mia?” My mom’s voice drew my attention to her. “Is everything okay? You’re so quiet today.” She placed a hand on my shoulder, and I fought not to wince. The healing salve hadn’t done so great for me. Then again, it wasn’t every day that I battled werewolves and got body- slammed into cars.
“Yeah, Mom. I’m fine. I think I’ll take off a little early. I—”
“And miss the liquor?” Nolan burst into the room, with Ethan hanging back in the doorway. Ethan’s gaze met mine for the first time since this afternoon, and I froze, feeling a surge of nausea punch me in the gut. 
I returned my attention to Nolan. “Yeah, I think—”
“Oh, come on, Mia.” Dad smiled in that generously happy way of his. “Don’t miss out on the best part of dinner.” Mom cleared her throat, and he shot her a goofy grin. “You know I’m joking. What’s wrong, sweetheart?” He pulled me in for a bear hug, and my eyes rolled back in my skull. 
Pain shot through my body like an unholy beast. The desire to scream mingled with my body’s need to pass out. I bit my tongue hard, trying not to vocalize my pain and push away.
“I’m fine. Really.” My voice cracked, and I cleared my throat. Having everyone ask made me even more uncomfortable. I wanted to run from the room. Escape. 
I was used to so little attention with Nolan being the first-born son, the one who could do no wrong. I’d made straight A’s in school, and had done my best to make something of myself. Now with college over, I was at a loss. That jobs were so hard to come by didn’t help, either. What would I do now to try to win their love and attention? Find a wealthy husband? Find an amazing job? Frustration snowballed with the pain building inside me. “I’m heading home. Good night, everyone.”
I walked out of the house, making my retreat.
Nolan was at the window of my car before I could get the engine started. “Sis? What’s wrong? Are you still a bit...uh...upset after the mugging?”
I rested my forehead against the steering wheel. “Please don’t tell Mom and Dad.” I hated the fact Ethan had told Nolan. That was the last thing I needed.
“It’s okay. I won’t tell them. But just know if you need to talk, I’m here for you, okay?”
I looked at him, and he flashed a boyish grin, as if that would help. But I guess it did. He had his own way of making me feel better. I knew he cared. However, I refused to get anyone else involved in my problems. 
Jessa had told me what to do, even if the advice had hurt. I needed to let go of my fear and practice my magic. No one else needed to be involved. No one. Not even Jessa. She’d said she would call, but so far, she hadn’t. I guess that could be expected. Maybe we had both mishandled the situation.
Whatever.
“Thanks, Nolan. I’ll be at home. Tell everyone I’m sorry. I just need my space, I guess.”
“Don’t be like those people who get really depressed around the holidays though, sis. That mugger was probably looking for money. People are crazier around this time of the year, you know?” He shrugged, then patted me on the shoulder. If one more person touched me, I swore I would hurt them. “Just be careful and stay safe.”
If only I’d been mugged, then I’d be happier. Random attacks happened all the time. But this had been due to some werewolf, who was pissed off about a potion I’d made. Some human guy who needed money for booze didn’t bother me, but a werewolf? That was serious business.
“Take care,” I said, pulling out of the driveway and onto the road. I didn’t want to go home. I wanted to go somewhere else. Somewhere far from my usual hangouts. Somewhere safe.
After driving around the neighborhood a little, I pulled into a fast food restaurant. Inside, I ordered a Coke, then sat in one of the booths trying to collect my thoughts, when the last person in the world I’d suspect to be there showed up.
Mr. Way-Too-Sexy...Werewolf.
My heart dropped in my stomach, and real terror bubbled up within me.
Jessa had warned me about letting go of fear. If I didn’t, I would be crippling my ability to protect myself. However, being in a public place like this would hinder both him and me. He wouldn’t be able to assault me, unless he didn’t care about revealing what he was to the general public, and I couldn’t cast spells. However, that was a lot better than him following me home. But he was here, and that either was a scary coincidence or he knew where my parents lived. How could that be?
He walked straight to my table, plopping down in the booth across from me.
“You did something to that potion, didn’t you? It’s not reacting as it was supposed to.” He didn’t sound mad; more, a cold and uncaring vibe came off him.
I opened my mouth to say something, but he shushed me.
“Make more. Not the creamy stuff. Make a liquid potion.” His gaze flicked to the people walking by the table. “If you don’t, I’ll kill you and your whole family.”
“You tried killing me at the airport. How can I expect you not try something, regardless?” I didn’t know for certain if that had been him at the airport, but it was a pretty good guess. He was the only werewolf I knew, and the visit from Jessa had pointed in that direction too.
“You’ve got it wrong. I wasn’t trying to kill you. If I had, you’d be dead already. Think of it more like I was gaining your attention. Besides, your friend is good stock. Our Pack needs numbers. We’re weak, and we need to remedy that.”
“By killing off your kind?” I shook my head. “I know why you’re coming to me, and it’s not to heal whoever you were talking about in my friend’s shop. You want to poison them. I’m not stupid.”
Sliding into my booth before I could react, he blocked my best path of escape. He circled his arm around my shoulders, either to intimidate me or make anyone watching think we were a couple. The desire to elbow him in the ribs rose within me, but he was a freaking werewolf, for crying out loud. The guy could probably crush me with his pinky finger.
“If you’re not stupid, you’ll do as I say. Because I am not all about talk. If you don’t help me out, then consider yourself and your family...and your werewolf boyfriend...all dead. No way else around it, girlie. Either do what I want, or you’re done for.” He squeezed my shoulder hard.
A whimper escaped my lips before I could stop it. The pain was truly reaching epic proportions.
“Fine. When do you need it by?” I asked, hoping he’d let me go on my way.
“Now.” He stared into my eyes from inches away, intimidating the hell out of me.
“I can’t right now. My friend’s store isn’t open right now. I can’t get the supplies I need if she’s not there.” I hoped he’d buy that excuse. Really hoped. Maybe if he did, I could reach Jessa between now and then, and we would figure out a way around this, so someone didn’t have to die.
“Tuesday then. If I don’t have it Tuesday, then expect her to be the first victim.”
“Um, where do you want to pick it up?”
He propped his feet on the opposite booth. “At the new age shop, and if you don’t show promptly at 6 pm, there will be consequences. Understand?”
I nodded, trying to figure out how I was going to get out of this. He wanted it on Christmas Eve. This was hell.
“Tuesday, at six o’clock. Be there.” He slid out of the booth, his shoes silent against the tile floor.
I rested my head in my hands, trying to keep my body from violently shivering. The fact he hadn’t been trying to kill me was something I hadn’t anticipated, but the sick feeling that he had changed Ethan into a werewolf on purpose disgusted me. I had to make sure Ethan was okay. 
I grimaced. That meant I’d have to search for him, either at his house that he shared with Nolan, or at my parents’, and I refused to go back there. Mr. Sexy already knew where they were, but that didn’t mean I liked luring him there.
It didn’t take long to drive there. Nolan’s car wasn’t in the driveway, but maybe he stored it in the garage. Who knew? If I had any chance of talking to Ethan about what was going on, I needed to do it now before I chickened out. 
I knocked on Ethan’s door, not at all feeling like I should be there. If Nolan answered, what would I say? Hey bro, I wanted to talk about getting mugged, after all. Thanks for the brotherly advice, and by the way, stay out of my business in the future? No, that would be—
The door swung open, and Ethan’s sexy body filled most of the doorframe. 
I stumbled back a few steps. Heat shot through my veins at the sight of him. “Hi. I just....”
“Your brother isn’t home right now.” He started to shut the door, but I caught it.
“Please, I want to talk to you. I’m sorry, I didn’t know where else to go.” My mouth kept moving, even though nothing sensible came out. “I’ve just...I don’t know. This whole mess 
is—”
Ethan pulled me inside, carefully missing any of the bruised flesh of my arms. “If you’re going to talk, don’t do it out there.” He pressed my back against the now closed door. 
My body reacted to the closeness, and the urge to arch into him overrode all reason. Head out of the gutter! “After dinner, I went to this fast food joint and—” Keys rattled in the door behind me, and I jumped from the door, only to smack into Ethan’s hard chest.
He held me for a moment, and the heat of his palms warmed me after being out in the cold. “Want something to drink?”
“I guess so.” Frowning, I didn’t know what to do. Maybe I should escape out the back before Nolan got in here, but that would be awkward since he would see my car out front. How did I get myself into these kinds of situations? I sighed, and headed for the couch.
“Mia, I’m surprised to see you.” Nolan frowned at me as he came into the room, then glanced over to see Ethan arriving with three cans of beer. He threw one to my brother and set the other two on the coffee table. “What are you doing here?”
“I...I just didn’t feel safe at my house after the mugging, so I decided to hang out here for a few hours.” I tried to act casual, but my voice shook a little. Casual didn’t define the emotions raging inside me. Especially with both of them staring at me like I’d grown two heads.
“Yeah, she seemed pretty unnerved when I answered the door. Guess it’s all catching up with her. It’s easy to let it get to you. Just stay strong.” Ethan popped open his can of beer and took a sip. 
Great. A pep talk. Exactly what I needed.
This was all too weird. I didn’t know what else to say or do. I just took a swing of beer. College football was on television again, so I sat in silence. The two of them went into the kitchen, and I heard their whispered voices, but I couldn’t catch what they were saying.
Within minutes, they returned with Nolan carrying a bag of tortilla chips and two bowls of salsa. We sat watching sports for what felt like hours. Football wasn’t my idea of a good time, but spending time with the two of them like this relaxed me.
Nolan glanced in my direction, but I tried to keep my gaze on the TV. I wanted to blend in with the couch. I probably shouldn’t even be here. I hated to think that I’d lured the werewolf to where my brother and Ethan lived too, but I couldn’t say that he didn’t already know, either.
I rested my head against the arm of the couch, and within minutes, all my cares just faded. The beer had helped relax me, and the delicious scent of Ethan warmed my body. I felt safe for the first time in the past couple days.
Chapter Eleven
Ethan

After Mia fell asleep on the couch last night, Nolan covered her with a blanket, and we slipped a pillow beneath her head. She was still out like a light. I’d anticipated her being awake and gone by the time I came down for breakfast, but there she was. 
Her arm dangled toward the floor, and she made the softest, cutest snore I’d ever heard. Her red hair spread out around her head like a halo, and I wanted to bury my face in that thick mane, feeling the silk of it against my skin.
“No,” she whispered, rolling to her side. “Get off.” 
I took a few steps closer, wondering if she was talking to me, but her eyes were shut. Should I wake her? I toyed with the thought, but she shot straight up into a sitting position. The sound of her rapidly beating heart filled my ears. Yet another werewolf attribute taking root.
I clenched my hands into fists, wanting to be mad, but I could only see how beautiful Mia was. “I’m brewing some coffee. Want would you like?”
She jumped nearly a foot off the couch and yipped. “You scared me, Ethan.”
“Sorry. Guess I thought you heard me come down stairs.” I walked toward my dad’s armchair, so she wouldn’t have to strain her neck to look at me. “Something to drink?”
She ran her gaze over my bare chest and her mouth dropped open. The fact she was as attracted to me as I was her made me happy. What made me happier was that Nolan had taken off for work already. Now I’d be able to figure out what she’d wanted to tell me last night.
Maybe we’d do something else, too. 
I shoved the thought aside before my dick swelled. The last thing I needed was that kind of distraction.
She blinked, looking me in the eye. “Do you have any hot tea?”
That’s right. She didn’t drink coffee. She preferred tea. I should’ve remembered. Unfortunately, neither Nolan nor I kept any around. “No, sorry. We have apple juice, though.”
“Sure.” She climbed off the couch, yawning. “You guys could’ve woken me up and told me to go home.”
“Nah, we wouldn’t have done that. Truth be told, it’s better if you stay here. Safer. You can sleep in my room, if you want.” Her eyes widened. “I’ll sleep on the couch, of course.” Even if I would rather sleep in the same bed as her.
“No way. I wouldn’t want to impose. I can sleep on the couch.” Smiling, she ran her hand through her hair as if trying to brush it with her fingers. “I’ll need to stop by my place and get some toiletries and clothes, if I do that. We should probably ask Nolan about it, too?”
“It’s my house. Besides, he agrees with me.” I waved her toward the kitchen. “If you want some breakfast, we have eggs and bacon. There’s cereal, pancakes, you name it.”
“Are you sure? I don’t—”
“Stop. Just tell me what you’d like.”
She bit her lower lip. “At least let me help. I could wash dishes even.”
“Fine. Dishes it is.” I didn’t really like doing them anyway. That chore fell to Nolan, but he usually tries to put it back on me.
“Bacon and eggs sounds good.” She went to the fridge, grabbing the juice, while I measured the water for coffee. Nolan had drunk whatever he’d made this morning, but that worked since I preferred drinking it fresh.
I set a glass out for her on the counter, then scooped some grounds into the coffee pot’s filter. When I went to the fridge, I collided with Mia. She squeaked and the juice container slipped from her fingers. I grabbed it before it hit the floor.
My newfound reflexes surprised me. While I’d always had quick reaction times, I couldn’t help but stare at my hand as if they were someone else’s. I leaned against the counter, not knowing what else to do.
Mia placed her cool hand on my arm, tentatively at first, then she embraced me. Her hands circled my waist, and she pressed her cheek against my back. “It’ll be okay. I’m here for you.”
“I appreciate you trying to comfort me, but you said it yourself: ‘Werewolves have violent tendencies’. Who says I’ll be any different? What about my career?” I placed my hand over hers. Being this close to her felt right. The need to claim her overrode all reason.
“You’re different than him. Maybe not all werewolves are bad.” She tensed her grip on me a little.
Maybe I would be different, but I noticed how she said nothing about my career. “What did you want to tell me last night? You were at a fast food restaurant, and you saw someone or something.” Rage burned my insides. 
As soon as the words left my mouth, I knew whom she’d seen. Why she’d come to me to talk. If only I had taken her aside and listened then, but I’d been concerned with Nolan becoming suspicious. The last thing I needed was him sticking his nose in our business. It was too dangerous for him to get involved. The less he knew the better.
“I saw the werewolf. In human form, though!” Mia buried her face into my chest. “He threatened me and my family. He said if I don’t make a potion to poison the guy he’d had me try to heal, then he would kill us.” She looked up at me with tears shimmering in her eyes. “He...he changed you on purpose.” 
I wrapped my arms around her, holding her close to me. “Sshhh. Don’t worry. I won’t let him hurt you or your family. Perhaps changing me will be his mistake. I’m more powerful than I was. I’ll be able to protect you.” I pressed a kiss to the top of her head, but that wasn’t enough. It’d never be enough. She wasn’t my sister. Polite kisses in respectful places weren’t the only way to show affection for her.
Need slammed into me, and I bent to claim her lips.

Chapter Twelve
Mia

Ethan propped me on the countertop, and I wrapped my legs around him, instinct kicking in. Our lips brushed a sensual meeting of mouths. He slid his tongue over my lower lip, caressing and teasing. If I hadn’t been sitting on the counter, my knees would’ve given out.
I opened my mouth to him, brushing my tongue against his, inviting him in. Without hesitation, he slipped his tongue inside, and the kiss grew more desperate and heated. I cradled the back of his neck, running my hands over his soft, close-cut hair.
He ran his hands from my waist down to my knees, then he trailed them back up my legs. Arousal moistened my thighs, and I wanted him more than I’d ever wanted another man. His nostrils flared, and he pulled me from the counter so I pressed snuggly against his body.
I moaned, unable to stop myself. 
Ethan bumped me against the wall on the way out of the kitchen. We stayed there a moment, his mouth still devouring mine. He kneaded my backside with his large hands. 
I wanted to strip his clothes off him, right then and there. His muscular body beneath my hands was divine. With him this close, I felt cozy and protected, especially after what happened last night. 
Maybe he was right. If Ethan was a werewolf now, he posed a greater threat to the guy who attacked us. 
I trailed my hands down his front, eager to see what lay beneath his pajama bottoms. The bulge pressed tight against me told me how happy he was to be here. I’d never felt like this with anyone else.
He readjusted our position, pulling me away from the wall again, then he headed toward the living room. For a moment, I thought he’d stop at the couch, but he continued toward the stairs. My breath lodged in my throat.
This was going to happen.
The buzzing of my cell phone broke me from my bliss. Could that be Jessa? I couldn’t miss the call.
Ethan started up the steps, not worrying about the call, but I pushed against his chest. “I need to take that.”
“Can’t it wait?”
“It might be my friend, Jessa. I haven’t heard from her, and she said she was going to call. I’ve been kind of worried, with all that’s going on.” I didn’t want to go into her role in the situation, even though he had a right to know.
He set me to my feet gently. “Don’t take too long. I need you, Mia.” I could tell that from the bulge in his pants. 
“I won’t. I promise.” When I got to my phone, I nearly dropped it: Greg.
“Mia? Is everything okay?” Ethan was at my side in the span of a heartbeat. He picked up my phone and saw the caller ID. A sigh rushed from his lungs, and he handed it to me. “I’ll be in the shower.”
I wanted to cry. My body burned for Ethan. We had a connection and, while the love potion might’ve heightened it, our feelings for each other had been there for years under the surface. I could tell he cared for me. “I’m so sorry, Ethan.”
“Answer the call.” He brushed his hand over my hair, then he took off upstairs.
“Greg, hi,” I said, trying to sound like my heart wasn’t breaking. I’d vowed not to break his heart before the holidays. If only my own wasn’t doing the exact thing I’d hoped to prevent.
“I’m not interrupting anything, am I?” He sounded his usual condescending and wisecracking self. When he was like this, I forgot what had drawn us together in the first place. Fear of being forever alone, I guess. But he had been more kind and considerate at the very beginning.
“I had to run for the phone.” It was the truth. “That’s all. What’s up?” I forced myself to sound more chipper than I was.
“We’re still on for your parents’ Christmas Eve dinner tomorrow, right? Maybe afterward we can hang out at my place. I have something for you.” The way he said it made it obvious what he wanted.
Greg and I had never been intimate. Why he thought that would change because it was Christmas Eve flew over my head.
I scoured my brain for an excuse. After the dinner, which should’ve been called lunch because of how early it always was, I’d need to escape home, craft the potion, then take it to Jessa’s shop. But no, I couldn’t do that. I needed the ingredients.
“Great, I’ll pick you up, and we’ll head there together. No use taking two cars when we’ll just go back to my place.”
“Greg, wait—” But he’d already hung up the phone. “I can’t.” I stared at the ceiling, hearing the faint sounds of the shower running. “I won’t.”
Regardless of Ethan and me, I couldn’t hold on to a dead relationship with Greg. He deserved more than that, and so did I. 
Lost in my thoughts, I didn’t realize the water had stopped. Ethan stood at the bottom of the stairs, dressed in a pair of jeans and a tight blue t-shirt that hugged his muscles. My body reacted to the sight of him, even if I knew I was still with Greg.
Damn me for not ending things with Greg sooner. Everyone had tried to warn me, but I’d been too stubborn, convinced that getting with Ethan was like an unreachable fantasy. We’d come so close to being more, and I only hoped that our chances of a relationship weren’t completely blown now.
“Hi.”
“Hey,” he said, watching me closely. “You okay?”
The fact he’d asked made me feel a little better. I didn’t know if I’d be able to survive him being mad at me, especially after what we’d nearly done. “Yeah, thank you for asking.”
He nodded, shoving his hands in his pockets. That simple action flexed his strong arms, and I averted my gaze. I’d gotten myself into enough trouble for one day. “I’m heading out for a bit,” he said. “You’re welcome to stay here. Nolan should be here in a few hours.”
My heart ached, but I didn’t feel safe going home.

Chapter Thirteen
Ethan

The light turned green, and I punched the gas. After nearly going to bed with Mia, I couldn’t be there anymore. She was still in a relationship, for fuck’s sake, and yet if her asshole boyfriend hadn’t called, I’d have carried her to my bedroom and made love to her.
Regardless of her relationship status, I’d been tempted to, and that didn’t fit my morals. Yet the beast inside me—who was growing stronger by the day since I’d been scratched—didn’t care. It knew she was meant for us, not him.
The cold shower had only helped so much. If I’d stayed there, I might’ve pursued it. The emotions I had for her were at a fever pitch. My hands clenched the steering wheel until the metal groaned. 
Fuck! 
I looked down at the wheel to see awkward dents in it. How was I going to explain this? 
I drove straight to the Connery State Park. There were hiking trails, and maybe if the beast connected with nature, it’d calm down.
A rumbling growl bubbled in my throat. The idea was absurd, but what worried me the most was sitting at the table with Mia and her boyfriend tomorrow on Christmas Eve, of all times. After our intimate moment, I couldn’t guarantee that I wouldn’t keep my eyes off her.
While she didn’t want to hurt Greg’s feelings, my own were raw with the need to be with her.
Sucking in a breath of fresh air, I opened myself a little more to the beast, letting him guide me deeper into the forest.

Chapter Fourteen
Mia

Greg yapped all the way from my porch to the front door of my parents’ house like some small dog. He didn’t let me get a word in edgewise. If he had, I might’ve struck up the courage to tell him to go away, but for now, the undeniable need to avoid conflict won again. 
Fear: three points, Mia: zero.
My mom had taken me aside when we got there, asking if everything was okay. I put on my brave face, apologized for last time, and helped with the final touches of dinner. 
Now I sat across the table from Ethan once again. He hadn’t come in until late last night. I’d been eating popcorn and watching some true crime show with Nolan. The blast of power from him was stronger than what I’d felt from Mr. Way-Too-Sexy Werewolf at Jessa’s shop. Ethan’s werewolf side was developing fast.
I shifted in my seat at the thought, and my foot nudged Ethan’s. He glanced in my direction before returning his gaze to my mom. He smiled at her. “All this food smells delicious, Mrs. Brooks.”
My mom waved him off. “Oh, listen to you. You say that every time I fix dinner. You’re such a good young man. How does it feel to be home for Christmas this year? We missed you so much last year.”
Ethan took a deep breath. “Where do I begin?” He flicked his gaze to me, before refocusing his attention on Mom. “I’m happy. It is great catching up on even the little things, like sports.”
“Yeah, we stayed up pretty late his first night back talking,” Nolan said. He looked on edge. Sitting in front of Greg, I knew why. The two of them hated each other.
My thoughts drifted back to the thing haunting me. When I’d tried calling Jessa, she hadn’t answered. I needed the ingredients for the crazy werewolf’s potion, like yesterday. Those things weren’t what I commonly kept stocked. They weren’t herbs or spices I could get from the grocery store. 
Besides, it was better not to keep too much on hand for a long time if you wanted a fresher, more potent product. If she didn’t answer her phone today, then I had no idea what I’d do. The werewolf promised to kill her. 
Why couldn’t he just take me instead?
I glanced at Ethan, sipping on the mulled spice wine my father made every year. 
Greg slid his hand along my leg, drawing my skirt up a little. I moved my knee, but he held it in place. “Getting a little quiet there, Mia.”
I fixed a smile on my face and shrugged. “Everyone else is talking, and I refuse to barge into conversations.” Unlike some people. The idea of going back to his place later soured my stomach. The more time I spent with Ethan, regardless of the love potion, the more I really wanted him.
Fear wouldn’t hold me down anymore. It was time I broke free. Stopped doing what everyone else wanted me to do. Christmas Eve was the perfect time to start.
“You wouldn’t be barging into a conversation, Mia. Speak up, kiddo.” My dad watched me from the end of the table. His expression had fallen, from the merry guy on his third cup of spiced wine to concerned. 
My bravado fled once again, and if I’d been a puppy, I’d have put my tail between my legs. This celebration wasn’t about me. It was the holidays. Once we left, I’d tell Greg my feelings, whether he wanted to hear them or not. This break-up would be the stuff of horror stories, or maybe cheesy romantic comedies. At least, I hoped it was more like the latter.
I looked at Ethan. Worry etched itself in the corners of his eyes. 
“You keep staring at Mr. Marine over there, huh?” Greg grabbed my leg under the table, squeezing hard.
I tried not to wince, but I must’ve shown discomfort.
“I’m not a Marine.” Ethan leaned forward, giving Greg a harsh stare. He knew something was up. 
Shit. There goes dinner.
Greg scoffed. “Whatever. You know what I mean. Besides, I was talking to my girlfriend, not you. Got a problem with that? What, you want to take her for a ride?” He smirked, and I wanted to slap it right off his face. “Too bad. She’s mine.”
“Greg!” I couldn’t believe the way he was talking. 
My parents stared in horror, and redness formed in my father’s cheeks. If things didn’t settle down, he’d get involved, and none of us would want that. 
Greg squeezed my leg harder as if to silence me, but I wouldn’t sit by and let him abuse me like that. “Let go of me.”
That might’ve been the worst thing to say because Nolan jerked to his feet. “If you don’t let my sister go, I’ll break your fingers.”
“Nolan!” my mom cried out.
Ethan stood up with him. “Mia, come over here with your brother. Greg and I need to talk outside.” He turned to my parents. “I’m sorry about this, Mr. and Mrs. Brooks. It’ll just take a moment.” When he stared at Greg again, blatant hostility and power oozed from his every pore, nearly choking me.
Greg let me go, but I wasn’t going to sit this out. Besides, my jerk boyfriend remained planted on his seat. Maybe he knew if the two of them went outside, he might get his ass kicked. Good for Ethan.
I stood. “Nolan...Ethan, please go back to eating. I’ll talk to Greg.” I took him by the wrist. “Let’s go.”
Greg huffed, but he followed me out to the gazebo in the backyard. It was far enough away for us to have some privacy in case our discussion became heated.
“What the hell is your problem?” I couldn’t contain my outrage at how he had acted. He’d never been this rude in front of my parents. Ethan and he didn’t have a good first meeting, but this went beyond the Greg I knew.
Oh no. What if this was my karma going to hell? The love potion’s magic might be burning my relationship while it built up what I had with Ethan. I wanted to punch my pillow. Multiple times.
“My problem?” Disgust curled back Greg’s lip. “You are the one to talk. You sit there ogling the soldier in front of my face. Who exactly is the problem here?”
My jaw dropped. “I’m seated in front of him! What am I supposed to do? Look at the ceiling or my plate the whole time? I can’t help but look at him.” That sounded wrong. I only hoped Greg wouldn’t take the slip out on me.
He shook his head. “That’s not what I’m talking about, so don’t pull that smart-alecky shit on me, Mia. I have the balls in this relationship, and I’m not fucking blind! You watched him with lust in your eyes.” He reached for me, but I smacked his hands away.
I flared my nostrils, not in the mood to take his shit. While I hadn’t wanted to do this in front of my parents, this was fair game. “You know what?” 
Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted Nolan jogging across the lawn toward us.
“What? Are you trying to start more shit?” Greg jerked me closer, but I slapped him.
“We’re over. That’s what.”
Greg stared at me, his eyebrow cocked high. He chuckled as if I’d told a funny joke. “You’re kidding, right? You’re putting this shit on me now of all times? You’re such a dirty bitch.”
“Name calling won’t get us back together.” I grimaced, unable to believe I’d ever considered settling for him. If Ethan didn’t want me, then I was better off alone. “Far from it.” I walked away, not wanting to be near him any longer.
“You think you can just walk away from me? I’m not done talking.” He jerked my arm, twisting me around so hard. 
My foot slipped, and I landed on my ass in the grass.
“Don’t fucking touch my sister, asshole.” Nolan shoved Greg back a few steps.
Strong hands slipped beneath me, and Ethan lifted me into his arms. My heart nearly stopped beating. He returned my gaze, but none of the soft affection I’d seen before was there. Right now, he looked ready for murder. Then again, Greg brought that out in people.
“Get out of here, Greg. I won’t ask again.” Nolan positioned himself between us.
Greg drew himself up to his full height, which was a few inches shy of both men, but he could be a stubborn jerk even on the not-so-bad days, let alone now. “You’ll regret this, Mia. I was good for you. You think he’ll make you happy,” he said waving his hand at Ethan, “then you’re sorely mistaken. In a few weeks, he’ll have forgotten all about you, and you’ll be just as lonely as when I found you.”
My mouth dropped open. The worst thing about what Greg said was that it might be true. Ethan would be gone soon. Either back to the military or into the clutches of the werewolf Pack, I just didn’t know which.
Closing my mouth, I pulled away from Ethan. I refused to give Greg the satisfaction of an answer. My voice might just reveal my weakness. At least I’d had the power to break up with him.
Fear: four points, Mia: half a point.
“Bitch,” Greg said. The harsh impact of a punch hitting its target had me whirling on my heel.
Ethan towered over a downed Greg, looking pissed. Blood drizzled down Greg’s chin. I could tell Ethan had split my ex’s lip. 
I froze, unable to move. Part of me wanted Ethan to beat Greg to a pulp, but that was wrong. I wouldn’t let Greg be beaten, just because he’d been raised without any manners.
“Ethan, please. Just let him go.”
Ethan kept his gaze fixed on Greg. His shoulders shook with restrained violence pouring from him. “Get out of here,” he said his voice gravely and deeper than I’d ever heard it.
Greg tilted his chin upward, even though he remained on the grass. At least he had the sense not to stare down Ethan. “I won’t until—”
Ethan grabbed Greg’s collar. They were half-way across the yard, with Greg dangling from Ethan’s fist before I could react. If he didn’t calm down, he might do something he regretted. 
“Ethan, wait.” I placed my hand on his shoulder. His eyes weren’t their usual brilliant blue. They were wolf-amber. I jerked back as if burnt. My jaw hung open, and I couldn’t speak. 
Maybe we were wrong. Maybe the werewolves had the upper hand. They could use him against me. My stomach revolted, and I darted away. If I didn’t do something, Mr. Sexy might use Ethan to hurt me.
“Mia! What’s wrong?” Nolan caught up with me at my car. He took my car keys as I fumbled them out of my purse. “Are you okay?”
I couldn’t meet his gaze. What would he see? “I’m fine. I...I’m just not feeling so good. I should probably—”
“Sis, you can’t run from your family just because Greg is a total dick. He’s going home. Ethan took him to his car.” The rumble of an engine startled me, and Greg sped off. I never should’ve tried to replace being alone with being in a horrible relationship. It was better to be in no relationship, than to be in a bad one. At least I would’ve held my self-esteem intact.
“I don’t know. I probably should go. I’m so embarrassed he acted that way.”
Nolan tilted my chin up. “Come on. You know how much time Mom spent on dinner. Are you really going to leave now? It’d be wrong to take off. We’re your family. You shouldn’t be alone on Christmas Eve.”
My gaze drifted over to Ethan. He watched us from the sidewalk. I wondered just how much he was able to hear with his new abilities. “You’re right. I guess I should stick around.”
“That’s the spirit.” Nolan grinned and walked me inside, shoving my keys in his pocket.
Thankfully with Greg gone, the dinner went better, if not a helluva lot more quietly. I’d switched to where Greg had sat, facing Nolan instead. The idea of being across from Ethan was too much for me to bear, but that didn’t stop him from watching me. Every time I looked his way, he averted his gaze. 
I only hoped no one else noticed his obvious glances.
Chapter Fifteen
Mia

I pulled into my driveway, thankful to be home. I was glad it was over. Now I could detox from all of the talking and awkward stares. Until tomorrow at least. 
I’d be heading back to open presents since my parents liked opening them on Christmas Day, instead of Christmas Eve. It had become almost like a tradition to have the big dinner on Christmas Eve, then open presents and have leftovers on Christmas Day.
What I really needed to do was find Jessa. She still wasn’t answering her phone, and I needed to get in contact her before the six o’clock deadline.
A note on my front door was visible even from this distance. Who would’ve left it? Jessa would’ve called, and I’d received no new calls or texts.
Weird.
Going to the door, I noticed the note was scribbled in big bold letters. Not written by anyone I knew, but the text itself scared me.
We know where you live. You dared to poison one of our kind. You’ll regret that mistake. Call 555-7889, or I’ll hunt you down.
My heart leapt in my throat. What had I gotten myself into? Should I call or try to hide? No, I would be foolish to hide. I’d see what they wanted. That’s all I could do.
I dialed the number. 
To my surprise, Mr. Sexy didn’t answer. It was another man. At least, it really didn’t sound like him. “You better make a potion to fix whatever you did. If you don’t, you’ll live to regret it.” The man’s voice was a rumbling purr, and I nearly dropped the phone.
“I...I don’t know what you’re talking about.” My keys jiggled as I tried to insert them in the doorknob, but a strange man with a cell phone to his ear opened it.
“I think you do.”
My phone slipped from my grip. Surprise slammed into me. 
The man clenched his fist around my throat, cutting off my air, as he pulled me into my home. “You’re going to do whatever you can to make sure this gets fixed. You poisoned my father, and you’ll damn well fix him.”
He flung me like a doll, and my head slapped the wall. I slumped to the floor. Within a span of seconds, he was on me again. “Get up.”
“Please, stop.” My voice sounded weak even to my own ears. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Who is your father?” While I had a feeling it might be whoever had been poisoned, I had no idea why this stranger was pissed off at me and at my home.
The werewolves were after me, but this guy was taking it personally.
“You know who I’m talking about. Stop playing dumb.” He lifted me to my feet and his nostrils flared. He bent closer to my neck, and I stopped breathing. My pulse rapidly beat in my chest, and I couldn’t hold back the fear crashing through me. No, don’t show fear to werewolves. “Who do I smell on you? I don’t know this individual. Why does he smell like a werewolf?”
I backed up, but he followed me, keeping his nose just a little above my skin. His breath caressed me, but I didn’t feel any lust or allure. Maybe partially because he was a hot but still psycho werewolf, and I knew how crazy werewolves could be, after meeting Mr. Sexy at Jessa’s shop.
“Why should I tell you?” Better not to lie and say I didn’t know. Who knew what he’d do then?
“You’ll tell me. If you don’t—” He shook his head. “There’s no time to get into this. Fix a potion for my father. I’ll find whoever this is. Werewolves don’t intrude on my father’s territory. They are dealt with.”
“Tell that to whoever attacked him and changed him!” I slapped a hand over my mouth, feeling stupid for having said too much. Damn it, damn it, damn it!
He jerked back from me. “What? No. My Pack doesn’t do that. We’re not the kind of people who go out changing others into our kind. If we did, people would know about us....” He trailed off and his face fell. “Oh fuck!” Balling his hands, he slammed a fist into the wall near my head.
I screamed as part of the wall rained down on me. If I got far enough away, I could work up my magic enough to get off a spell or two. I might be able to escape. Let go of the fear. Hopefully my supernatural muscles were more up to par than they’d been during my first werewolf encounter.
Muttering an incantation, I breathed in and out, forcing myself to remain calm. The previous meeting with a werewolf had been bad, because I hadn’t known they existed, but now one was in my house! If I shattered the illusion of normalcy, my neighbors would recognize the fact my house was on fire from freaking fireballs on the curtains.
The werewolf looked at me dead on. “Don’t weave your magic on me. If I wanted to kill you, you’d be dead.” He nodded his head to the wall. “Who told you to make the initial potion?”
“I...I don’t know his name. He was tall, muscular…um…Arrogant?” What else could I say? If only Jessa had taken down Mr. Sexy’s information, instead of just accepting cash from whoever came in who wanted to get involved with magic. But then again, she had his number. I patted my pockets, searching for my cell phone, but then I remembered: my phone was outside.
“You do realize you described half the people in my Pack, don’t you?” He gripped his head, then looked up at me again. “You really don’t know, do you?”
“No. My friend might know his number because he called her.”
“Don’t get anyone else involved. Just make the cure for my father.”
“Who is your father?” I asked, my voice squeaking a little.
“The Alpha of my Pack. When he was injured, those loyal to my father tried to keep his injury hidden from the rest who would challenge him, but now many are realizing his weakness. If he’s not cured soon,” the man said and sighed, “I’m afraid he’ll be challenged and killed.” He turned his glare to me. “And you’re going to prevent that from happening.”
I blinked, unable to believe my ears. I’d poisoned the Alpha of a werewolf pack, by putting freaking wolf’s bane in the healing potion. Man, oh, man...I was so screwed. 
Without another word, I went to the kitchen cabinet to which I’d returned my potion products the other day after treating Ethan and my wounds.
The werewolf came around the side of the island and watched me. I shivered under the scrutiny in his gaze. “You store your witchy stuff with your pots?” He cocked an arrogant eyebrow at me, and I could see what the resemblance meant about his Pack. Hell, because of that fact, Ethan might be a perfect fit. He had that same male arrogance about him too, sometimes.
“Are your female werewolves this bad?” I asked, wincing at what I’d said the second it came out. “With the arrogance, I mean.”
He narrowed his eyes at me. “Very funny.” 
I leaned away from him, trying to see what I had and what I’d need to make a potion capable of working on a werewolf who was suffering from wolf’s bane poisoning in addition to his other maladies. The guy’s glaring distracted me, and I frowned at him. “If you’re going to hover, then I’m not to blame for making another mistake. It’s hard to concentrate with you breathing down my neck.”
“That wasn’t your problem last time one of my Pack came to you.”
“The last time your Pack member came to Jessa’s shop, he said he needed a potion for lead poisoning and a wound. There was nothing said about him being a werewolf!” I couldn’t believe this. Here I was minding my own business, and now I’d had two werewolves barge into my life forcing me to craft potions for them? Both were needing on the same day to do the exact opposite things to their Alpha wolf. Now I knew why I didn’t make potions for specific people who knew about my abilities.
His face filled with dread. “What exactly did you put in the potion?” 
“Wolf’s bane is one of the ingredi—”
He started to lunge for me but stopped himself at the last possible minute. “Why would you put that in there? I looked at a few recipes for healing potions online. None of them called for it.”
I chewed my lower lip. “That’s your problem. You looked online.” He made a rumbling growl. “It works really well. It speeds up healing. At least for humans. I always put it in there, but only a touch. Too much will kill even a normal human.”
“The man who you met didn’t ask what you’d be using in the potion?” Anger radiated through the werewolf, causing him visibly to shake.
Why would he have asked? I was surprised this guy even knew half of what he was talking about when it came to magic. Besides, he did a web search for magic potions. Geez, the guy didn’t even know about salves versus potions. However, if he’d come to the shop, his father probably wouldn’t be in this situation.
“Damn. If I’d known this, I would’ve gone to the shop myself. They didn’t inform me until the last minute, until I found my father near death.” He twisted around, pacing across the kitchen floor.
“Maybe they were trying to kill him?” Mr. Sexy wanted the poison. He had to be someone who the Alpha knew and thought he could trust. However, who was I to make suggestions, when I didn’t know the slightest about werewolves or their packs, except from what I’d read—not from the internet—in books.
He let out a low growl, and I shrank back.
From the other side of the island, I heard an equally vicious snarl. My heart jumped in my throat. The thought to crawl into the cabinets and lock myself in had me searching for space. However, I wouldn’t fit with so many pots here.
“Mia? Are you okay?” Ethan’s voice broke the impending silence, and I peeked my head around the island to see him blocking the open door.
“Who are you, fledgling wolf?” The Alpha’s son grabbed the back of my shirt and hauled me to my feet.
Ethan stiffened, so I shoved the Alpha’s son off me. The last thing I needed was World War Three on my hands. Not when I knew just how violent Ethan could be, even without the ability to shape shift yet. He’d need a full moon to do that. For better or worse, the next one wasn’t until mid-January.
“I’m fine, Ethan.” I took a step toward him, but the werewolf grabbed my arm, keeping me where I was.
“Let her go. I won’t ask again.” Ethan narrowed his eyes.
“I’d listen to him, if I were you.” I stayed completely still, hoping we could all get along. I didn’t have the necessary ingredients for the potion to stop the wolf’s bane poisoning, so I’d have to go to Jessa’s shop. Looking at the clock, and with it being Christmas Eve, I knew she would’ve already closed. This just got worse and worse, didn’t it?
Ethan held up my phone. “You dropped this outside.” He closed the distance between us in a few strides, but the Alpha’s son jerked me behind him.
“Don’t get too close. What is your business here?” He puffed out his chest.
I brushed him off and went to Ethan’s side. “He’s my friend.” Ethan wrapped his arm around my waist. Magic sizzled between us, burning me with lust at his intimate touch. I couldn’t help the soft moan that erupted from my lips feeling his hand on my hip. Embarrassment burned in my face, and I turned from the smirking werewolf to Ethan, who stared at me in amazement. “I need to call my friend to get the rest of the ingredients for the potion.”
“Potion?” Ethan frowned, but he handed me the phone.
“I need to make a potion for his father.” I pulled away, not wanting more questions. 
I dialed up Jessa, but her phone went straight to voicemail. I tried the store, just in case she was there. I doubted it, but anything was possible. The phone rang and rang until the answering machine picked up. 
This was too weird. While we’d had an argument, this wasn’t like her. She wasn’t the type to hold onto a grudge like this, especially not when she knew the store’s special clientele needed a way to get in touch with her, even when she was off the clock. 
She knew many more witches than I did that kept...different hours, so if they needed an ingredient at a certain time, they’d get the ingredient. The business was her life’s blood, but she didn’t come from a family like mine and Nolan’s, or even Ethan’s. Her family struggled with money. They were the definition of poor, but that had never gotten Jessa down. 
Maybe with everything going on, she was just as frustrated as I was.
I tried calling her cell phone again, but once more, it went straight to voicemail. Maybe she just wasn’t answering, but either way, I needed the ingredients for this potion. Looking at the Alpha’s son, I knew if I didn’t, I’d face immediate consequences.
“What’s going on?” the Alpha’s son asked, propping his fists on his hips.
“I can’t get in touch with my friend. This isn’t like her. I need those supplies, or I won’t be able to make your potion. I’ll need to go out. If you want to, um, wait outside while I go to her shop?” While I doubted he would rob me blind of all my worldly possessions, I didn’t want to chance it. Better safe than sorry.
Shaking his head, he frowned. “I’m not waiting outside. If you think you’re going to pull something on me, you won’t. My father will die if he doesn’t get that potion. If he does, you’re dead.”
Ethan stepped in front of me. “You threaten her again, and you won’t get another chance. Back off.”
“He’s right. If you want to bully me, you can think again. We have been attacked by your kind enough, and I won’t help you if you think you can push me around. You need me.” I crossed my arms under my breasts and tilted up my chin. Confidence warmed me, and I stood beside Ethan, no longer afraid. I was a witch, not weak and powerless. 
“If you’re both going to come with, fine, but I need to make sure my friend is okay. We should get going.” I walked out to my car, leading the way. If they followed, great...if not, I would be stepping up and taking care of business.
Chapter Sixteen
Ethan

I couldn’t contain my surprise at Mia’s burst of confidence. My overwhelming sense to protect her raged within me, especially with this other werewolf around. I couldn’t help it. It was as if he thought she was my mate. Clenching my fists, I kept them concealed in my jacket, as we approached the Eternally Magick shop.
I’d known Mia forever, and yet she’d hidden this magic and potion crafting part of herself from everyone. She really was a witch. I doubted even her parents knew, and that was probably for the better. 
I shuddered to think what they’d say if they found out their girl was an actual witch with powers. They strongly disapproved of the fact she was Wiccan. I didn’t have a problem because people had their own beliefs and disbeliefs. If this was hers, then I’d have to accept it. However, this went far beyond a belief system to something completely different.
Mia rang her friend again, but she shoved the phone back in her pocket. She tapped on the door, then tried the handle, but it was no use.
The werewolf looked increasingly agitated. That’s the last thing I wanted from him because if he hurt Mia, I’d have to rip into him.
“Is there another number you can try for your friend?” She’d probably called all of them, but I wanted to help. 
“I’ve tried them all, including texting her and calling her shop. I’m worried, Ethan. The other werewolf said if I didn’t get a poisonous potion to him by six today, he’d kill her.”
“What? Why didn’t you tell me?” The other werewolf took a step toward her, but I blocked him.
“Is there another store that would have what you need?” I knew we wouldn’t find her friend someplace else, but if there was any chance of getting this werewolf off her back, I’d take it. I would help her find her friend, if it was the last thing I did, but we needed to deal with one problem at a time.
“No, not that I know of.” She bit her lower lip and looked down at her phone. “I could check, but I do all of my purchases either here or online. I’ve never had a reason to shop anywhere else.” A few older women walked by staring at us and the shop we hovered in front of. “I think that might indicate just how rare a shop like this is.” She put her cell phone away and went to the door trying the handle again. Glancing around, she scoped out our surroundings, then looked at me. “Watch my back?”
I narrowed my eyes at her. “What do you have planned?” She pulled out a couple of bent paperclips, and I raised my eyebrows. “You’re serious?”
“I’ll watch your back, chick,” the werewolf said. “Just hurry. There are people around. We should do this later, but I don’t know if my dad will last that long.” He stood near her, leaning up against the wall. “You’re clear.”
Shit, we were really going to do this. I’d done it a few times in the Army, but I’d had the proper tools. Besides, what we were doing was trespassing. I didn’t feel comfortable with committing a crime, even if Mia knew the owner, but these were unusual circumstances.
“Yeah, all clear for now.” A few people walked along the sidewalk toward us. Mia only had a certain amount of time before they’d find out we weren’t supposed to be there. If they saw Mia wasn’t looking for her keys to enter the shop, then we’d be screwed. I only hoped Mia had honed her breaking and entering skills before this.
“There are people coming,” the werewolf said. “Hurry up.”
“Don’t pressure me! It’s not like I do this all the time. Geez.” She took a deep breath, then let it out and continued wiggling the two paperclips in the lock.
Damn, they were almost on top of us now.
“Mia, I’m not trying to rush you, but—” The soft click of the lock opening had me relaxing.
She walked inside, holding the door open for me and the werewolf. It shut just as the people walked by, and she stood with her back to the door holding her hand over her chest. “Oh, God. That was so close.”
“Yeah. What ingredients do you need?” I sniffed the room, and the scent of all kinds of herbs and spices—some pleasant and some not—drifted through my nostrils. However, underneath it all was something that didn’t sit right with me. Something coppery. On the floor were a few droplets of crimson trailing toward the back. “Shit.”
The werewolf met my gaze before we headed for the back, knowing that something was wrong. Lying on her back on the floor was a woman in a black skirt, with a purple silky top and a black corset over the blouse.
“Oh, my God, Jessa!” Mia dropped to her knees beside her friend, shaking Jessa’s shoulders. “No....”
Jessa cracked her eyes open, groaning in pain. “Mia. You’re here. I...I heard the phone ring, but...oh, goddess...I hurt so badly. I couldn’t move.” She turned her gaze toward the back room, and from the shadows, another figure moved into the area, knocking the werewolf back.
“You! How could you do this?” The werewolf and the new guy tumbled through a display of dragon statues. I couldn’t stand by and let them wreck the shop. Besides, this new guy had hurt Mia’s friend.
I leapt at the men, but the new guy shoved me away without any effort. Something about him was so familiar, but I couldn’t place it. No, wait. Those distinct green eyes were the wolf’s, the one who’d attacked us at the airport parking garage.
“Mia, I’m sorry,” Jessa said, her voice cracking. “I wish I could’ve warned you not to come. I’ve put you in so much danger, hon. I only wanted you to grow and get experience to be the powerful witch you are.”
“Just hang in there, Jessa. I’m right here with you.” Mia stood and looked at me. While I wasn’t sure what she would do, I had a feeling. She wasn’t about to get herself hurt on my watch. If she even thought about—
A massive fireball flew past me and struck the bad werewolf, who was in the process of shape shifting. He let out a half-scream-half-howl.
Mia took a few steps toward them, muttering under her breath. She looked like the ultimate badass female, and I’d seen my fair share of those, but she was absolutely strong, confident and beautiful. She threw her hands at him, striking the bad werewolf with one fireball after the other. Each dissipated as they struck their mark, making certain the store wouldn’t burn down around them.
“Stop.” The werewolf grabbed the new guy by the throat. “Please, witch. I know who this is.” He curled his lips in disgust as he said it. “This dirt bag is my father’s second in command. He’s betrayed the man who trusted him most. Your friend will have her justice, but most importantly, for betraying the Pack.” His breath was coming in harsh pants. “Please, construct the potion to heal my father. I need to go take care of him, but I will meet you back here to pick up the potion. Get your friend to the hospital. I’m afraid she might be hurt worse than either you or I can see. Something doesn’t smell right with her.” He finally looked at me. “We’ll meet again. I won’t make you go through this process by yourself. I can help.”
I nodded. A weight lifted from my chest. Even though I was going through this crazy change, I wouldn’t be alone. Someone would be there to explain things. I just hoped the rest of his Pack agreed to this.
Mia straightened her spine. “I’ll have it ready in a few hours.” She turned to me once the two werewolves were gone, worry in her gaze. 
If Mia were to make the potion and get it to the werewolf, then I needed to get her friend help. There was no one else to do it. “Will you be okay? I’ll take your friend to the hospital. I just need to borrow your car.”
Mia nodded, but she wavered on her feet a little. “I’ll have to drop you two off, since I need to return to my place to concoct the potion. Thank you for taking care of Jessa. It means a lot.” She lowered her gaze, brushing tears aside, but she went to the wall lined with all the spices that I’d smelled. 
I couldn’t believe I’d held back from getting to know more about her and from being in her life. She was more than I’d ever dreamed. I walked up behind her, pulling her in my arms. “Everything’s going to be okay. We’re going to get through this together.”
She looked up at me. “Thank you. For everything. I’m surprised you showed up at my door after Greg was such a total jerk. I’d thought I scared you off. I’m so over him. Can’t believe I ever—”
I held my finger to her lips. “We’ll talk about it more later. I showed up because I needed to tell you how I felt. I love you, Mia.”
Her jaw dropped, and she stared at me wide-eyed. Had I done something wrong? “You l-love me? You really do?”
I nodded.
“Are you sure it’s not the love potion talking?” 
I leaned back, raising an eyebrow. I’d been suspicious but knowing for sure rocked me. “What love potion?”
“The accidental ingredient. It wasn’t intentional. I didn’t mean to—”
“I don’t think the way I feel is because of a love potion. I’ve felt this way for you for a long time, Mia. I want you to be mine.” I walked back to Jessa, knowing she needed to focus while I got her friend to the car. 
A few hours later, I sat in the hospital’s waiting room, trying to breathe as shallowly as possible. The overwhelming scent of blood, urine, and bleach to a fledgling werewolf was nearly enough to make me vomit. The men’s magazine had several articles on buffing up my arms. It didn’t distract me as much as I’d hoped it would. 
I didn’t want to think about what condition Jessa was in, or if Mia was able to make her potion. Was she okay? Why hadn’t she called yet? 
I shouldn’t have let her go alone. The werewolf had said the guy who attacked us was their second in command. There could be others following him. Danger still might be out there. Besides, I had a big problem with people not honoring the chain of command. In the military, you had a chain of command drilled into you, and you followed it. 
My phone vibrated, and I looked to see Mia calling. I headed outside before answering. Hopefully she was okay.
“Ethan, I dropped it off. I’m so tired. How is Jessa?” She sighed. “Have you heard anything yet?”
“She’s stable. It’s a good thing we brought her here. She’ll need to be monitored for a week or two to make sure everything is alright.” I was glad Mia was okay. I’d been worried.
“I’ll come by and pick you up, I guess. I’d like if we could finish our conversation from the shop and talk...about us.”
Concern nagged at me. “Sure. Sounds fine. Are you okay?”
“Yeah. I just...never mind. I’ll be there soon.”
“See you then.” I blew out a breath, not willing to lose her.
Chapter Seventeen
Mia

We didn’t talk much on the way back to my place. We opted to go there instead of Ethan’s. That way we wouldn’t have to worry about Nolan being there.
How was I going to tell him? How could I put my feelings into words? He loved me. It was exactly what I’d dreamed of him saying. If it weren’t true, I didn’t want our relationship to revert to friendship mode after a few days. I wouldn’t be able to bear that.
If he wanted to be with me, then we needed to know what we were to each other. I was scared he’d lose himself to the werewolf within, but...who knew? Maybe the Alpha’s son could help. He had seemed nice enough, after the initial trouble, that is. If he did help Ethan with his abilities, that would be one less worry. 
I’d know Ethan wouldn’t wind up hurting himself or others if he lost control. My brain went a mile a minute. I needed to stop thinking so much. I would only end up working myself up.
We sat staring at one another. Ethan propped his arm on the back of the couch. “What did you want to talk to me about?”
How did I even start? “I need you like I’ve never needed anything before.” I charged forward. If I stopped, I might not get the words out. “Things are over with Greg and me. He’s not in my life, and he shouldn’t have been there for as long as he was.” I fingered the hem of my skirt. “I’m not sure what we are to each other. You said you love me, and I love you, too. Are we...dating?”
He blinked at me. Instead of answering, he pulled me into his lap, crushing his lips to mine. While we’d started our previous make-out session soft and gentle, nothing about this was slow. Passionate, needy: those were better descriptions.
Ethan pulled back for a breath of air. “I don’t care what you call it: dating; in a relationship; boyfriend-girlfriend. What matters is that we’re together. And, Mia, Greg was wrong.” He nibbled on my neck, leaving delicious sensations behind. “I’ll never get tired of you. Not in two weeks or two years.” 
I shivered under his touch, wanting more. Those had been my fears. Ethan saying that made me relaxed. We weren’t going to burn hot and fizzle out fast. Smiling, I unbuttoned his pants, revealing black boxer briefs. 
He brushed my hands away before I could shove them aside. “Not so fast. I don’t want our first time to be on your couch.” Smirking, he carried me upstairs to my bedroom. 
“Fair enough. I just can’t help myself.”
Since the last time he’d been here a few days ago, I’d made sure to keep my room picked up. No laundry lying around, dirty or not. He laid me out on the bed. 
Biting my lower lip, I groaned desperately, needing him inside me.
Ethan ran his hands over my body, making me feel delicious and wanted. I arched my back as he slid his hands over my breasts, brushing his thumbs across my nipples. Moisture pooled between my legs. His nose twitched, and he ran his gaze down to my thighs. He slowly tugged at the waistband of my skirt as if I’d stop him.
I tilted my hips up to help him get the offensive barrier between us off away from me. He threw the skirt on the floor, but he kept his hungry gaze fixed on me. He helped me into a sitting position and ran his hands under my shirt.
Desire built inside me. The more we made out, the more I knew this time I wouldn’t be able to stop. This time, we wouldn’t need to stop. 
I freed the buttons from the loops on Ethan’s button-up shirt, revealing inch by inch his muscular chest. I wanted to run my hands over that hard expanse, memorizing each curve. When I finished unfastening it, I shoved the shirt from his broad shoulders. I wouldn’t be content until we were naked.
Obviously, he felt the same way. We made quick work of the rest of our clothes. Being undressed in front of him wasn’t the least bit awkward. Then again, with his lips against my neck and trailing ever lower, I didn’t have time to feel that way.
He spread my legs and slid a finger into my core. A jolt of electricity surged through me at the feel of him pressing it inside.
“Ethan,” I moaned, grinding my hips against his hand. Any residual shyness I’d felt disappeared at the pleasure building within me. Something about him left me desperate for more. I didn’t think I’d ever get enough of him, even if we both lived until we were ninety years old.
He pulled away after a few moments of thrusting his finger in me. “Are you sure about this, Mia?”
“Yes! I need this.” I wanted to shake him. Could he really not know how much I was burning for him? But maybe he was just giving me a chance to stop him before we took things to the next level. It was good of him, but I knew fully well what we were doing. Stopping was the last thing on my mind.
He hopped off the bed and dug into the pocket of his pants. When he came back, he wore a condom on his cock. 
I looked forward to exploring every inch of him. From the ravenous hunger in his eyes when I spread my legs wider, I suspected he echoed that sentiment.
He covered my body with his, and I pulled him closer to claim his lips. I nibbled his bottom lip as the tip of his dick pressed against my entrance. My heart pumped in anticipation.
He slid inside me, oh so slowly. With his size, it was for the best, but that didn’t stop my need to completely be filled by him. “You’re so tight, Mia. I can hardly control myself.”
I ran my hands over his back, kneading the taut muscles. “Don’t hold back.”
Raising an eyebrow, he eased out then thrust in a little faster, still careful. He withdrew again, then pumped his hips quicker. Each caress came quicker than the last, until he fell into a steady rhythm.
I leaned my head back, unable to keep myself from moaning. The sensations racing through my body shook me to the core. What Ethan and I had was hotter, more magical, than anything I’d ever dreamed could be possible between two people.
With each thrust, Ethan drove me closer to the edge. My thighs trembled for a moment before I came. I dug my nails into his back, clinging to the one person anchoring me from floating off in pure bliss. Waves of pleasure smashed into me over and over, as I screamed his name. Only Ethan’s sure, strong body kept me from drowning in our shared ecstasy. 
Groaning, he balanced on his elbows above me. “You’re so damn amazing, Mia.” He swept a few strands of hair off my face. 
I ran my hands over his short black hair and grinned. “I’m looking forward to doing that again.”
“You’re not the only one, babe. So many positions, so little time.” He winked, and heat burned up neck to nestle in my cheeks. 
Oh, boy....

* * *

I woke up, lying side by side with Ethan. The blankets were tangled around his long, muscular limbs. Shivering, I wondered why it was so bone-chillingly cold in here, especially with Ethan this close. I climbed out of bed and peeked through the blinds. So far, I hadn’t needed to turn the heater on this year, but the temperatures usually didn’t get this cold until January. 
Outside, snow fell in gentle flakes on the lawn, and I watched the snowy scene. This was awesome. I absolutely loved snow. To see it on Christmas Day like this after the intimate night I’d had with Ethan was the icing on this cake, exactly what I’d imagined the perfect day could be.
Warm hands rested on my hips, and I looked over my shoulder to see Ethan with a smile curving his lips. “A nice day to stay in and warm up. If we were at my place, I could light a fire for us and—”
“And my brother would be there too. That would be the epitome of awkward if he were to catch us like this.” I laughed, leaning back into the warmth of his arms.
“Yeah, well, there’s that. Maybe he could go hang out at your parent’s house for a couple days.” He leaned his chin against the top of my head. “I’m not ashamed of us.”
Nolan knowing we were in a relationship set me on edge, but Ethan was right. We loved each other. If my family or Nolan didn’t understand, then that was on them. I didn’t think that would be the case, but I couldn’t be sure.
I leaned back in his arms, but he spun me, pressing me to the wall. He bent his head and kissed me, gently swiping his tongue over my lips. “God, you’re so beautiful. I’ve wanted to tell you that forever now.”
I wrapped my arms around his neck, taking in the sculpted beauty of his bare chest. I couldn’t believe he was this ripped. He was God’s gift to women. “You’re not too shabby yourself.”
“Not too shabby, huh? Well, we have a few hours until we’ve got to get ready to see your parents.” He lowered his gaze. “I guess I’ll have to give you a reminder of last night, so you’ll have a better description than ‘not too shabby’, huh?”
“All’s fair in love—”
“We’ll leave the war part out.” He picked me up and spun us toward the bed in a naked tornado.
I laughed, unable to help myself. “Merry Christmas.”
“Merry Christmas, sweetheart.” A mischievous grin brightened his blue eyes, and we collapsed back into the bed. 
This time I was on top.



Author’s Note
Thank you for reading The Witch Who Cried Wolf! I originally started on a version of this novella last year, but I wasn’t quite sure how I’d put what was in my head on paper. Eventually, I placed the book on the backburner. However, these characters kept demanding to have their story written. Once I started working on it again, I couldn’t stop. The story just came together. 

I hope you’ve loved this book as much as I do. If you did, please consider leaving a review at the retailer’s website or even Goodreads. Also, if you’re interested learning more about my books, sign up for my newsletter at my website and connect with me on Twitter and Facebook.

http://www.sarahmakela.com  
http://www.twitter.com/sarahmakela  
http://www.facebook.com/authorsarahmakela
http://www.goodreads.com/sarahmakela

About the Author
Sarah Mäkelä loves her fiction dark, magical, and passionate. She is a paranormal romance author, but she's written all over the romance spectrum with cyberpunk, sci-fi, fantasy, urban fantasy...even a sweet contemporary romance!

A life-long paranormal fan, she still sleeps with a night light. In her spare time, she reads sexy books, watches scary movies (and Ghost Adventures), and plays computer games with her husband. When she gets the chance, she loves traveling the world too. 





Excerpt for Cold Moon Rising
With Jacob this close, it took every ounce of focus to keep my thoughts on the impending exam. More than once, I caught myself staring at his lips wondering how soft they’d be as they kissed my skin. I only hoped he didn’t notice my glances that might make things highly embarrassing.
“Think you’re up for a break, Kelly?” He shut his textbook and quirked his lips to one side. “We’ve been going at it for a while now.”
My notecards toppled from my hands, and I jerked back, caught off-guard by his words. “Uh, yeah...” If we’d really been ‘going at it,’ I would’ve refused to take a break. Stop thinking about him like that. “Yes, that sounds good. Want something else to drink? Maybe a coffee or Coke?”
The amused twinkle in his emerald green eyes melted my insides. Maybe studying on my bed hadn’t been the best idea. However, the dinette set would barely be enough room for one of our textbooks, let alone...
“Water.” Jacob leaned over me, brushing his palm over my exposed knee as he reached for the fallen study cards. “It’s kind of hot in here, isn’t it?”
He had to be kidding me. With him this close, it was like a sauna in here. I wanted to touch him, show him that all of this flirting was more than I could handle. My heart pounded in my ears. If I didn’t do something to him soon, I might explode. 
As if on cue, he turned to face me. Our lips were barely inches apart, and I saw flecks of gold in his green eyes. Seconds ticked by. Was he going to make a move? I didn’t have the strength to sit by and not take this chance. Not if it meant this brief encounter would pass by forgotten.
I leaned into him. The moment our lips touched, a spark of lust... desire... chemistry burned its way inside me. One brush of lips wasn’t nearly enough. My body thirsted for more kisses.
Jacob froze in place, and I wondered for a split second if what I felt was only me. Maybe the flirting had been meaningless to him. He pulled me up so we stood beside my bed. His messy blond hair brushed across his forehead, and I ran my hand through his hair, savoring the softness. 
He held me ever closer, his lips caressing mine. The kiss was gentle, careful as if afraid to take things too fast. This moment was heaven.
My arms circled his neck of their own volition, and I trailed my hands down Jacob’s back. The hard muscles flexing beneath my fingertips sent heat coursing through me. This so wasn’t a good use of our study time, especially now that final exams were on top of us, but I really didn’t care. 
He’d been the only stable thing in my life since I’d come to college last September. We had three classes together that first semester, which was kind of crazy, but I didn’t mind. Ever since, we planned our courses together, as much as we could, at least. 
Two of the three classes we had this semester were science and math, so I didn’t hesitate to take him up on study sessions. Fortunately, the last was English, my forte.
Jacob nibbled on my ear lobe, and tingles of pleasure blanketed my body. “Your skin is so soft, Kelly.” He slid his hands along the hem of my skirt stroking the backs of my thighs, the intensity of his touch growing less controlled by the second. His palm brushed against my backside. 
If this kept up, we’d hit the point of no return. The simple kiss had gone far beyond what I’d anticipated. While I really enjoyed making out with Jacob, I wasn’t ready for sex with him. Intimacy shouldn’t be rushed. I wanted to wait for the right one, for a committed relationship. One-night stands weren’t in my vocabulary.
Besides, why give something away too fast? Most guys moved on after sex, right? Not that I suspected Jacob was that way. Besides, I counted on him studying with me. Without his help, my chances of doing well on finals for College Algebra and Physics were slim to none.
He slid his hands higher as his tongue slipped down the length of my neck, making my insides weak along with my self-restraint. A moan rasped from my throat, and for a moment, I wasn’t sure that had been my voice.
Could going to bed with him be that bad?
His mouth feels like heaven, but no! I wouldn’t go there. My rational mind struggled to make its point, but the more Jacob kissed me, the less resolve I had.
My knees gave way, and only Jacob’s hold kept me upright. This had to stop.
I pulled back, planting my hands on his chest, but he didn’t seem to notice because he hooked his thumbs into the waist of my panties. One moment they were on my hips, the next they were dainty strips of lace hanging from his hands.
A smirk curled the corners of Jacob’s lips. “Lovely. Just like you.” He didn’t seem like the Jacob I knew. There was something wilder, more untamed about him.
“I can’t do this,” I whispered, snatching the remainders of my underwear from him.
He blinked at me, his feral green eyes tightened with confusion. “What’s wrong? You seem into it too.” He circled his arms around me, either unwilling or unable to stop the delicious intimacy we had going.
What is he doing? I made myself clear. I squirmed in his arms and almost wished I hadn’t. My hips bumped against the bulging erection in his jeans. Desire mixed with an overwhelming need to take a few steps away.
The second I brushed against him, it was as if a dam burst. The intensity of what I felt for him had me spiraling out of control.
My lips met his, and I opened my mouth to him, wanting him so much and loving the feel of his body against mine. Abstinence be damned—
Wait, this isn’t what I want. But it feels so good.
